EXTRAORDINARY DELUSION. We take the following from the Spiritual Maga zine, an American publication.:— Mr William Guay wrote a preliminary letter to the Banner of Light, giving the result of his observa tions as.iollo.ws :— ' Boston, Nov.' 18th, 1862; Mr Editor,— Having been informed by Mr William H. Mumler'that you desire to publish the results of my investigation into the possibility and genuineness of Mr M.'s . ?Dhotosrranhic imnressidns of SDirit formal if, gives me much pleasure to detail to you'what I have seen. As I have been commissioned by Messrs. A. J. Davis and Co., you can rest assured that I was re solved, if permitted, to allow nothing to slip my ut most scrutiny. Having had ten years' continual practice in this particular branch — that is, negative on glass, and positive on paper from negative — I felt competent to detect any form of deception. Hav ing been permitted by Mr Mmnler every facility to in vestigate, I went through the whole of the operation of selecting, cleaning, preparing, coating, silvering, and putting into the shield, the glass upon which Mr M. proposed that a spirit form and mine shouldbe imparted, never taking off jny eyes, and not allow ing Mr M. to touch the glass until it had gone through the whole of the operation. The result was, that there came upon the glass a picture of myself, and, to my utter astonishment — having previously examined and scrutinised every crack and comer, ?plate-holder, camera, box, tube, the inside of the bath,.,&c;— another .portrait. Having since con tinued, oh several occasions, my investigations, as described above, and received even more perfect re sults than on the first trial, I have been obliged to endorse its legitimacy. Respectfully yours, Wm. Guay.' .In a letter of the 26th November, after having made a full and Ainute report of his visits, Mr Guay reports to -Messrs Davis and Co. as fol lows :—'.'. The weather, has been too unfavorable since Saturday to print from the .negatives, on one of which I perfectly recognise the likeness .of my. father. The picture of my wife is very faint, but sufficient for me to recognise the features. It is impossible for Mr Mumler to have procured any pictures of my wife or father.' He also says that whilst he sat for the two pictures he mentally desired that the. likenesses of his father arid of his mother should be produced. Another photographic artist, Mr H. Westpn, 'of 31 Province street,. Boston, writes that after making a 'full examination of the process, he found a spirit figure on the negative. He ' also says that he cannot .conceive of any process by which imitations, could be inaile without his detection. Dr Gardner, in his address to the Boston Spiritual .Conference, says : — ' To me there is no cause for doubt. The pictures, themselves furnish evidence in their gauze-like ap pearance, that has not been imitated. Careful ex amination mil show the counterfeits that have been made to be essentially different. I do not doubt , that Mi% Mumler is a peculiar medium, and has an organization and magnetism adapted to the produc tion of these spirit- photographs.' In the Banner of^ Light of the ,29th November, is also contained an elaborate review and .descrip tion of the process and its results, from which wo mako the following extracts : — ' They are ordinary cartes de visite, but 'with a faint additional figure, not defined by a distinct, sharp outline, but vapory and semi-indefinite. The whole of the figure is not displayed, usually qnly the head and bust. The first is a portrait of the medium, W. H. Mumler, with one hand on a chair, tho other holding the black cloth covering just taken from the camera. In the chair sits a half-defined female form, apparontly about twelve or fourteen years old. This was at onco ^recognized as a deceased fomalo relative. A | cloudy vapour hovers over the head of this spirit, i an effect we never before saw in any sun picture. One. we have seen has a faint disc of light about the head, as if luminous rays were shooting outward, I but all stop at. a determined cireulai' outline. Two others have a similar effect, but the circle would be sufficiently large to. enclose the whole figure, if the card were, of greater di mensions. The second picture taken by. this medium has the spirit of a lady sitting on a choir, a white undefined mass of something behind her, like two or three pillows. The features are quite sunken, with a serious expression. We are told that this is a likeness of the spirit sister of Mr J. J. Ewen, as . she looked when wasted by consumption. The father of the deceased fully recognises the likeness, as do the rest of the family. The next is an elderly lady, leaning on a chair, in which sits a faintly-defined form of a young man playing upon a guitar. This figure is shown more fully than the last, one leg being visible to below the imee, the other not being ^ visible at all— looks as if moved, leaving only a blur. This was at once recognised as a deceased brother, who made guitars, and was fond of playing upon them. Another is a .female figure, leaning upon a chair, the hands placed together, ? and eyes elevated, as in prayer. The spirit appears of a larger size, the face and bust only visible. The face is elevated, as if in prayer. Another is a gentleman sitting, with the edge of a white marble table near him. The spirit is behind him, and a little smaller, a female figure, with the hair dressed quite plain and Quakerish, a small white collar about the neck, tied with a dark ribbon, a close fitting dress, visible only to the waist. A gentleman from Illinois sat for his portrait, and raised the'righfc hand as if holding something. He was told that was a very uncouth attitude, but he said, 'No matter, take it so.' When the plate was developed, there sat upon the raised arm a child, leaning its head upon the sitter's shoulder. This child is not very clearly defined; it appears a little larger than in nature, as if nearer the camera than the arm ifc sits, upon. The dress is transparent, with the hand and arm of the sitter seen through it. Here is another, ah elderly lady, in a dark dress, standing by a chair. The spirit of her deceased husband is with her, a man evidently older; the figure about the size of the lady. A standing collar is visible on one side, the other toned -.down ; black neck stock, white shirt bosom. The other portion of the costume is not distinctly defined. This is Isaac Babbitt, inventor of the celebrated Babbitt metal. The lady referred to is Mrs Babbitt, the wife of the deceased, who assures us that the picture represents her husband as he appeared in his last illness, and she pronounces it, unequivocally, a good likeness, and knows that she has not beeu deceived by the artist. The next is a portrait of Mr Luther -Parks, an elderly gentleman well known in this city; sitting with his hat on. The spirit in this picture is entirely unlike any of the others/ It is a female figure floating in the air, the hair combed back over the head, a loose-fitting dress, with short loose sleeves gathered in at the elbow ; a bracelet on the left forearm, which is extended, with a wreath of flowers in the hand, toward the gentle man, liie ngnt hand is pressed against the side, and over the head (not on it) float3 a wreath of flowers. The spirit is quite transparent, the folds of a curtain being distinctly seen through the wholo of it. Dr Wm. B. White has two photographs taken at the same time : one, a lady, in front, and another behind a chair. These spirits, he says, have been with him many years. He is a clairvoyant, and sees the spirits and talks with them. They told him, eight years ago, that the time would come when a group sitting at a table would have their photo graphs and those of their spirit-friends taken to gether. Still- further : they would be taken in co lors. The last we shall notice at this time is that of a gentleman of commanding figure, noble bearing, and dignified demeanor, well known, ?particularly to express agents in the busi- . ness community, who stands by a choir, in which sits the form of a young man reading a book. Another picture of the same gentleman lias the dim form of Daniel Webster near him. Tho statesman is recognised at a glance, and bears a close resemblance to the portraits painted in the latter portion of his lifetime— the sunken cheeks particularly. The top of the head is bald, with the hair combed up from each side. The expression of the features is very grave and solemn. The dress is not distinct, but, so far as it can be perceived. is uniiKe anytmng in tne pamtea. or engraved por traits, but slightly resembling the costume on the Washington statue in the State House ; nearly half the figure is displayed, and is a little larger than the mortal, as if nearer the instrument. It is quite transparent, the chair being quite distinct behind it. The spirit of Webster purports to be fre quently with this gentleman, manifesting his presence whenever a suitable medium is available. This gentleman has received from Webster a private signal, by which he says he is able to identify his presence, and therefore that he is not liable to be imposed1 upon by any other spirit, While in position for this picture, he experienced the usual signal, thus adding another proof of identity.' [These ghost imitations are produced by having a figure dressed to represent the unearthly visitor, and standing in position during just half the time re quired for the full operation, then moving away, giving the objects behind it the other half; to inipregs their image faintly on the negative plate.] 