SUMMAIU' OF TUB NEWS, WEEE B 'Hit' ^t^ra^.tS.'W .liriijifie %» f • g«0' calm. I'bo great Chinese " swindle * case is the exception, and has created much talk, and * «ome woudor, why •tfj^amHggliag of opium ii. At the negative low A the &>lonial exobMuerof raanj ihousa&dt; of pound*. sometime eiuce, the klud vould fio the iase, ^ad bia pro- )hccy has come true. «Mr. K<h»r Meug r rirored himself to be nosacaafid of flat nimseu w ptmcumsa^m smartness which is the admiration of ' some of our colonist*, oat which (ii'mely questiomble, from a moral point of view. The/m-ow of volunteering for New Zealand has subsided, but a strong; body of men has left our shores to aid their countrymen in quelling the Maori warriors, who teem to be determined in their movements. Cochrane* lias been the ccene of a daring attempt at robbery by some Chinese, who tried to take away the amalgam from the crushing machine belonging to Mr. Wright there. Detoctive Secretin was, howrver, on the watch, and (succeeded in apprehendiug * *oup!e of Celestials, one of whom haa been eommitted for trial. Me ltt»l three anmben cf thia paper have contained the evidence tfeenUv taken our general readers approved of. The enquiry into the conduct of the Home Surgeon, has terminated by a caution for tbe future. A very handsome nugget has been found in a gully near Maryborough, weighing tifty-si* ounces, by Boberts and part v. Hie locality of tbe discovery is called " fiandyleg," between the White Hills and Cartsbrook. Dunollv was thrown into a state of csciteraent on Tuesday last, by a miner having taken into ihe town a piecc of ironstone, calculated to contain twenty-four pounds weight of gold. This splendid nugget was found near Mount Moliagul, by a man who was working as a " hatter." 'This has led to a rush of miners to the Mount. The tea meeting of the Wesleyans, on Tuesday last, at Maryborough, was numerously attended, and completely successful. The musical portion of tbe proceedings was eieelient. At Majorca, the Eortbern end of the Middle Lead continues to turn out good ;old, and the inhabitants there show but ittle inclination to leare their new settlement ; 750 ounces of gold were taken this week bv escort from the London Chartered Bank alone. It has been found necessary to cut a treoch in the bank of the reservoir at Maryborough, and run off two feet in depth of the water, to stop the leakages through the bank. It is now safe, and the water has coated to escipe. At a sale of land at Echuca, on the Murray, some of the allotment* fetched tbe high price of three hundred pounds an acre.- The Soiree in aid of the building fund of tbe Wesleyan Cburrb, wai fedd last erasing, when* Urge muster of tbe congregation aad friends of the »stablithment assembled to do honor to the occa- sion. Tlie tables were txiUfallr laid oat, and (be various comestible* were smilingly ditpenaed br Meaiame. Tiggirt, Tonkin*,3. William*, Smith, and Mills. The Tea over, it was fband neoesury to remove the table*, to make room for those who where waiting outside. Tbe Tt 4mm tmtdmmuu waa tben <ung by the dijir. a«isted by the auditory and accompanied in an admirable maantr by Mr. Beard, an tbe new Harmonium recently attached to the church. After which, Mr. J. Houghton wa* voted to the chair, and in a few feeling remark* referred to the pleasure he feit in seeing sach a large audience assemhted. The atfi t ea, - Eternal Mansion*," having been mg, Mr, T. Bird, sen., addressed tbe meeting, enlargiug on tbe advantages of methodism over the other denominaiious ol tltc- Ctiriitian Churdi. The sweet voice of Mr. Walker *u neat tiMrd is the aria, " In Native Worth," from Havdn's sublimeomtorio oft be " Creation j" after whirii the Kev. L. DobiniM delj.etxd a daooMsson " KptrHwai life in tbe Churrh," which was attentively listened to and w rniy applauded. After tbe sMtam of " Our liordlu* n»ai,'' tbe Hev. S. Waterbouse proceeded to address the audience on tbe Mbjtct allotted to him in the programme. He feelingly alluded al" to lite claim* of tbe Oiruiiaa sanctuary upon our sym pathies and aid, and suoctcdad tn tafistii* both, antongst hi* audit on-, at the result of the collection clearly moved. The Uallelqjah chore* of Handel followed, after which tfee Ser. J.J. Halley ooameocod his additws ty observing that nothing bat what was " sensaUon*]" would go down in these days. The fusionabte lady would md nothing but a sensational novel. Tlte adoiima of the drama would not be satisfied without a " *ensstional" finale to the third act. and he was therefor not surprised that the Wesleyans of Maryboroogh ihoaU set up « " sensaiional ** addition to their meeting*, in the shape of food nmtSe,*ttid be had to congratulate them on the result of tbeir etfort* in that direction. The nri gmtimm istroduced into hi* disoourae sevetal htuotwott* »Me- the proceeding* te __ and exhibited tbe teatare* of "modem infldditv" Mel with at Mount k, by which be mutaioed _» nomys—I fracture of tbe leg. is a working above oeaenbea. a wBsspyr j •patched for Dr. D»w, *ho va* $ to the-*mherst — — •'"SO Sr. , It betome, almost a neeearity for tho«e V S . I. 1 qAupbr" Distriebi of tUt Ojfap W. fp® ! lawf firtmliarr knoirti M tfie " Local Gt>- Inslitutioui verumPlit Act'"*! Act." Itolh •< thaw Municipality, mcMurw 'efeel m ^riHWdtaf^^^fe^^AiA^o e»: h S S T ^ Shiwa, and l ee oerall? to provide for the administration j of local affairs without the limits of j comprehensive .mrit in which they havc completed their Ubors. By this act a feeling of eelf dependence will be instilled Into DiitrieU far remote from the Capital of the Colony; a number of Parliaments on a small scale will be formed, and the administration of local matter* will be carried on by those who may naturally be supposed to be best able to understand, and who possess every facility for enquiring into them, without loss of time, or the carrying on of that stilted, inane style of composition known as official correspondence. There will, from mere con- tiguity of intdhosit, be a wholesome check upon undue preference or extravagance of load government, Md no suref or more searching test could be applied to tbe pro* greas of a District, than tbe permie«iye right under general supervision, to run alone and manage its own affairs,—collect its own revenues, and effoct its own improvements. lie Local Government Act ts a formidable piece of printing, contain* ing no fewer than 333 clauses, referring to fourteen schedules. 11 is not intended here to enter into the many and varied subject! embraced by this Act, but it it, at least, some satisfaction to know that it is not to be read with former Acts, and is not " incorporated" with any. All enactment* that were in force upon the subject with which tbe Act deals, are, by it, repealed. Tbe Baad Boards witch have hitherto been in existence, will continue their Junction* until the second Thursday in August, 1861, and then, a new constitution Is to be entered upon; tbe two members who were the highest on the poll at the last election, remaining in office, but no more thin six will constitute the Board,—that is if it is not proclaimed a shire in tbe meantime. A sum of money estimated to meet the demand to 186$, of two pounds for every one pound collected bv rates, is named in the Act— £100,000, but from 1868 to 1S72, tbe State allowance will be only half that sum, and will be distributed only by giving an exact equivalent to the amount of the rates. Tbe machinery relating to voting for members, q ual ificatiom, amalgamat ion of districts, and •o on, need not now to be dealt with, as we intend going fully into thia branch of the new legislation in future issues. It should, bowerer, be noticed that so Boad Board District can be proclaimed a Shire unless it possesses one hundred square miles of territory, andean show an actual lery of rates amounting to one thousand pounds Car the year. The " Act to eonsoliddate and amend regards Draughtsmen of Acts vf Parhameut are so superabundantly careful; so terribly anxious, apparently, that no phrase should possibly bear two meanings, that they over- lay word upon word until, in some instances, and after the uost determined attempts at comprehension, giddiness and something alightly akin to desperation supervenes. That this epitodical observation may not appear altogether groundless, we quote the 57th section of tbe Municipal Institutions Art, (which, by the way, comes into operation on the Brat day of next month.) No punctuation i* ever used, which aids tbe obscurity:-—" In each original borough at the first ordinary annual election of councillors the persons entitled to Tote at such election ahtii in addition to the councillor* to he elected as hereinbefore provided also elect so many persons espaible of being eounciUots as shall be equal to the number Ivy which the eooadunn in office in sUcli borough at the commencement lureqf shall have felien short of the number hereby assigned as the ordinary number of councillors for such borough. 1 ' The italics of the "hereof" are our own. This round-about bit of phraseology is happily explained by tbe marginal note which row thus" Number of nine councillor* to Ik completed in existing boroughsso that, through ilw tortuous wording, may bo seen a glimmer of what is meant. By this Act, as she*n by schedule B thereto appended, all the to*ii* with which we are more immediately connected, now termed "Munidpalities" willhenoetbrthbecome, ana be called Boroughs, namely : Maryborough, Csrisbrook, Dunolly, St. A maud, Amherst, sod Avoc*, andeacbia to hare their "Mayor,"— the proper and fitttogfltle. patbtTUst^day in this month tbe vanous Councils will tvm to meet fa recognition of the new law henceforth to guide tbem; and, on the third Wednesday in November, tfeey must bold tbeir atmosl iceetiM. Councillor* will hsre to take an oath, ftithfully, aod to the best of their ability to for the preTanbonof sham umiiditm, or tf those, who, in 4be words of Hamlet, ^^^•^uMantees inthe shape of the the s&pe; of money by the candidate bim- & i fifsi irsnJi Boroughs of the colony. Tbe Ubour a* *ell as ihe rMporaibUitiea. of their future Soreming t ^ l Sgely U»m»m&, and the power to undertake them Witt bare to be well coosidered by tbe ratsm m , &eb; ttf tl« Adi tt * ihe administration of which the ftafc* of^their genera! feature. «* » warn. -miCtt 8 K"* 1 o^g® osrtna to eome The "mlly acason "of <»lonW journaliim Jat m difib^a^ more to 1» wid m or disprsiae comments the late Gorernor m.d «t i* too e.rly to l picking hta «uccc«or to pmcca. ^ ^ ^ M f i l f ^ ^ S o u2 pro. iiug kia p^ins Oic public on t^ aubject of tbe di.^^ t-WS^Hh ?br the public does not rare two straws*! it O™^ ^P^d/™""" 1 fud lako for his U-xt the Uoi I-aw/would 7 bo laughed at, ^t.atesd pf liatenod to, Collingwood js eileut, ,ftod U» ghost of the old cMttetttioh twi ceased to walk: People are begiuing to discover that Arcadias cannot b© created by Acts of Parlism^nt, however well-intentioned, and that you cannot "scatter plenty o'er a smiling land " by the mere circumstance of mitktDg land cheap and accessible. Agitation on the subject Is dead, and an' abwit sdmihii tration of the existing lav* pending a return to auction, is iikely to -»tufy all parties and to offer eveiy reasonable facility fijr settieoieat. r 6ttt * pArm i ^ f f i l l novel indiitttrdsttses ofl£r.^% T sAct | and tbe objections raised aro atartlingly ludicrous. Leaaea under these clauses have been taken up, iu a few instant**, by moneyed men, who are expending their capital freely in their thirty acre allotments. Among others, Mem. Loader and Fraucis ha»« become lessees; and, as the esse is put In a vein of pleasant irony, by a correspondent of one of OT? Melbourne contempomiea:— "One of these industrial monsters has " spent £150 in feaane, has trenched about "20 seres of land, at £20 an acre, and baa " entered into arrangements for planting "and cultivation, which involves the need " of many permanent laborers. Not satis- "fied with these excesses, he has gone tbe "length of building a cottage 'iu cold " * Mood,* and actually proposes occasionally " to live in it. Rumor slates, that together " with his family, he is carnivorous ss well " aa graminivorous, and that it is probable "that tbe unhappy butcher, baker, and "storekeeper of Sunbury will be his first victims, tf be can only find tbem, I am " told that over a hundred men are em- " pVed in the district by these industrial " allottees, and that little short of 200 "a«r*» of viae* will beplanted, and possibly t t S0 cottages built, unless some repressive " measure* are speedily adopted. Yet this utiliution of the waste lands of the colony Is absolutely condemned by correspondents of, and writers for, the Melbourne press! He fcet is almost incredible, but a fact it is. Our own cminion of these novel Industry Lease* is well known. We regard tbem a* the most valuable feature of Mr. Duffy's Land Act; and wean convinced that they will prove. In tbe long run, a fruitful source of wealth and prosperity to Mia country i because they tend to concentrate capital upon the culhvstion of small ansa, many of which will yield as much profit t*ra»e as could be'deriml from the tillage of a amall farm If a w shes to bequeath a tortune to his family, by the judicious employment of his own surplus labor and surplus earnings, be could scarcely do so more certainly than by stocking twenty or thirty acres of good land with vines, mulberry trees, olives, walnuts, filberts, or orchard trees generally, Eretj year adds to their value j and ihe return*, seven or ten jest* bense, wfll be such aa to place the owner* In a condition of tndepen. dencc. The eitracts cited above will Aow what is bring done st Sanburr, and, we believe, iu other psrts of the colony. Lajge sums are being reproductively expended on the culture and Improvement of small areas, with great advantage to the neighborhood, and w»t« every prospect of • hig% remunerative return to those wbo have embsrked their capital in this way. Under a similar system (as regard* the concentration of capital upon amall plots cf laud), Belgium has become one ^f the most prosperous countries in Europe, and support* (if oor memory dees not deeeus us,) a larger popuiaticm to the square mile than anr of tbe European States. Where suitable situation* present themselves, we should be glad to see village* established, composed of these thirty-acre leasees, snd of those whose labor they employ,—villages which will hereafter, pethapt, be as picturesque as those which are embowered smidst the orchards of Kent, or the olive gardens of Tuscany. It is mot the least of the reoommendstion* of the Novel Industry clsuses of tbe Land Ad; of !8e2,tbirtAose who avail OsmI» of »» facilities they offer, can scarcely ftil (o become permanent settlers in the colony, and that ii no small gain. 