THE WANT OF DISTRICT LUNATIC ASYLUMS. - LUNATICS AT LARGE THE frequency with cases of lunacy are brought before our local Police Courts is an unanswerable argument in favour, of the establishment of Districts Lunatic Asylum. Under the present unfactory arrangements, lunatics are either allowed to remain at large—dangerous to the community, while their incipient de nentia, in the absence of proper treat- ment and; restraint, speedily becomes chronic insanity—or the course adopted in placing them under restraint is of so routine and unsatisfactory a character as in many cases to fail in its primary object. Even when these poor unfortunates are brought before the local authorities, they can only be sent to the nearest hospital, which, probably, possesses no special appliances for the treatment of such cases, and, after a sojourn of some two or three months there they are sent down to Melbourne Gaol, where the form of "inquiry", is again gone through, prior to the poor wretch being handed over to the tender mercies, and skilful treatment" of the psychologists of Yarra Bend. Two cases of lunacy have been disposed of by the local Magistrates within the last week, which will serve to illustrate our remarks, and give force to our arguments in favour of District Asylums. On Monday a domestic servant, named Lydia Leegood, was brought before the Court, on suspicion of her being a dangerous lunatic. She had been in the employ of Sir Adair, of Piper-street, and had shown unmistakable signs of mania. The police also inform us that the woman's conduct, while in custody, was that of a lunatic. Apparitions filled her cell, and her mind was haunted with "ghosts and chimeras dire." Her appearance in the dock was certainly that of an imbecile : the vacant stare—the disregard for what was going on—the want of power even to comprehend the position in which her failing reason had placed her. Surely this was a case for immediate investigation and appropriate treatment. A District Lunatic Asylum would do the public and the patient good service in such cases. But what was the result of the brief magisterial "enquiry" on Monday? simply that the poor lunatic was discharged. Unfit for domestic or any other service, the poor thing is turned adrift to sink into the most abject and unreasoning wretchedness. A mental aberration which prompt treatment might arrest and time might dispel is thus permitted to gain strength, and Reason, already tottering to its fall, is allowed to vacate its seat without let or hindrance. We regard such a state of things with unfeigned regret. But in directing attention to the subject we wish distinctly to state that we do not seek to cast aspersions on the Bench; they are as much the victims of the present state of the law as the poor lunatics themselves. They cannot be expected to exceed their powers. Again, on Thursday, a lunatic named Amelia Ivimey was brought before the magistrates. She is a married woman, but being an undoubted lunatic, had been placed in Kyneton Hospital, about three months since,in order to receive treatment. The Resident Surgeon reports that for a short time she improved, but a relapse ensued, the result being that the woman became dangerous to herself and others; the other day she even attempted to set fire to the Hospital, in which insane attempt she was happily frustrated. Drs Geary and Smith deposed that they had examined the patient, and found her to be suffering under chronic mania ; she was therefore ordered to be sent to Melbourne Gaol! These and similar cases are sufficient to indicate the urgent necessity that exists for a radical reform in the mode of treating lunatics, by local authorities, and in the provision made for their reception by Government. It will be remembered that the Commissioners on Lunacy have recommended that three Lunatic Asylums should be built in three distinct districts ; and it is highly probable that the Kyneton District will be selected as the side for one of the proposed Asylums. We have on former occasions advocated the claims which this district has to be so selected. Rather than recapitulate the obvious advantages which it possesses, we refer those who take an interest in the subject to our Numbers issued on September 27th and October 15th, 1862. Three new Asylums would probably cost £250,000. That sum might be borrowed at 6 percent, interest, and the debt might be extinguished in twenty-four years. A large class of patients would, of course, be paid for, and so prove a permanent source of income. It has been said by competent judges, that the vicissitudes and peculiarities of Colonial life (including the excessive drinking habits which pervade all classes) have a special and increasing tendency to produce and perpetuate lunacy in all its varied forms. If such be the case, it is the more desirable that the proper measures should he taken to treat (not ill-treat) the sufferers, and put an end to that system by which they are bandied about watch houses to Police Courts, and from Provincial Hospitals to Metropolitan Gaols. 