CONTRIBUTIONS TO A Hi STOB Y ? OF THE ATLANTIC CABLE, (From tho Electrician), FoTwiTirsTANDiNO all that has been written about the Atlantic cable, there is one quos ion which bas not been authoritatively answered, and upon which some difference of opioion still exists, namely, what was the electrical condition of the cable before and after it was laid-a question which, to a great extent, involves the causes and responsibility of failure, "'lt is much to be regret- ted that tho records ot the teats taken at valions timos during the manufacture and laying of the cable have not been published. That such details are in existence, would-appear from the answer given by the secretary of the Atlantic Telegraph Company, who, when asked in his examination before the Telegraphic Committee whether re ports wore not made stating that tbe cable waa electrically nsrfeot (B'ne Book, p. 174, quest. 3030), replied ; " "koa have all ..the reports ip yonr possession, and the inference, at any rate,' to ba drawn from some, of the reports, is, that the ¡cable wes e'ectric-illy perfect; in some eases it was stated that it was.'' These reports appear, therefore, to have been in the possession of the' committee at some time, but were either subse- quently withdrawo, or, at all events, were, from some causes, not published, although the tests of the Red Baa, and of the Mal'a and ? Alexandria cable (then being manufactured for theRangoonand Singapore line) were given inexfenso in the- appen- dix to the commission i rs* report: If these doon menta were reports by Mr. Whitehouse, who was the chief of the elec rical department daring, the manufacture of the cable, and by Professor Tho n . I son, who finally had eharge of the testing of the cable (from May|to August 1858 including the period I of laying) the information contained in them must be of the highest importance; more especia.ly, as no figures of the tests for insulation have ever been published by either of- those gentlemen, or undei tho sanction of the company« In the absence however, of any snob, information, the statemen made at the time of the laying tbe cable may. bi advantageously oomparedjwith the a'a'ements whicf I have since been put forward.. This eomparisor very plainly shows that when the cable was laid and until it ceased to work, the comp my and al who were present at, or concerned in the work be'ieved it to be in the roost perfect condition,, ant that any doubt as to the high degree of insulatioi of the cable wss an afterthought which was su g gested some time later. Bven then,.thoenormou power used, after the cable was-laid, was mos generally looked upon aa the principal cause o nffinnfifl Commencing then. with the general fsots, as to the state of (he eable after it was luid, as were made known at the time. " In. "The Laying o' the Telegraph Cable," by Mallaty,, published at New York, 1858, it is stated by the ambur (p. 275), who waB present at the laying, that on tbe landing of the cable at Newfoundland, some of them "tasted" the current, and "received a pretty strong shock-so s'rong that they willingly resigned the chance of repeating tin experiment." A'gain, after bringing the: cable eod to the telegraph station at Newfoundland, " The deflection of the needle on the gal- vanometer - gives i incontrovertible : evidence that the electrio condition of the cable ia satisfac- tory." Also, in Mr. Cyrus Field's message to the New York associated Press, dated Trinity Bay, Newfoundland, August 5, 'lSöS, and quoted in the same book, be records:^" Tbe" electrical sign ah sent through the whole cable are perfect.'' Arni in the report of, the same gentleman, to the com pany,. under date of August 5, wo " find-«.';>( six, end of cable carried into telegraph house, and receiving very strong currents of electricity througt the whole cable from the other side of the A lan tic.*; Again, "August 5, st ll a.m., receivet strong electrio signals, from the telegraph house Valentia." On Sunday, August 8, also, " Gooc signa's beitigr received through the cable." Ot August 9, Mr. de Sau'y acquaints Mr. Field " Receiving good recorded oarrénta from Valentia Perfectly satisfactorySo much for the reports o the condiii >n of the cables, issued at the time ot the American side ; but before passing on to tin evidence from the statements published in Eng land at the time, it may be interesting to refer ,t< the explanations given by Mr. Cyras Field Jt the. publ'c iu Amorioa^ upon the suspension c messages, as showing that nothing at that tim could be farther from the minds of those who.Jia been actively: engaged in the enterprise thin tha any doubt could exist as to tho insulation of th cable. In a letter tï tho New York papers (reprc duced here in the Times of September 20,18äß*),b says .-'«Ibave received from Newfoundland a'des patch informing mo that,'although the insulation of the'ocean cable rem lins perfect, no messagehas come over it for several days. The last telegraphic des* patch that I received- from England was dated * eptcmber J. What may be the canse of tho ces- sation we don't know,.bus conjecture,that it is the change of the, shore end at Valentia, which Í was informed was abont tobe made ;; brit it should also be stated that Professor Thomson was to suc- ceed Professor Whitehouse in a series of experi- ments upon the cable ; and although his system was regarded by all praotieal telegraphers as per- fectly childish, it is quite possible thit the present delay in transmitting intelligence .is.'at ributable to Thomson's experiments. It was also known at the sailing of the Africa that the directors, des- pairing pf satisfactory results from the systems of Professors Whitehouse and Thomson, had arran- ged with Professor Hughes to take charge of tba electrical department of the company's business (J?) and it was.expected, that the Hughes' printing telegraph instrument would be placed at Trinity Bay and Valentia, on or about the 20th or 21st instant (!) and from tbe experiments made while at Plymouth there ia no reasonable doubt tba' Pro- fessor Hughes will be able to transmit intelligence through the oable reliably, and at the rate of aboul 500 words per hour;-Craus W, FIELD, New York Kentembar 8." It appeau from the above extracts that tho cable was considered perfect ort the American side for some considerable time after submersion, and we find the same expressions of satisfao ion on the part of those in charge of the line on this side, at the corresponding period. The following statemencs regarding the con- dition of the oable are taken from the London daily papers at that time, having been apparently sent to all of them by the company. On the 6tb August, reporting the landing of the cable, good signals are stated to be passing to and fro, . On the Olli, Mr. Whitehouse reported, " electric communication is maintained perfectly." On' the 7 th August it was stated that " the currents from Newfoundland aro good, giving deflections of GO degrees on either side! ol the galvanometer, according a3 a positive.or a negative current ia admitted." On tho 10th Augus', Mr. Whitehouse reported that,. " the rate of transmua ion fully equals that obtained at Key h am ; or, in fact, that the lino worked os well as it did before it was iairl. - - . On tho 17th August, thc secretary of the com- pany said, in a letter to the morning papers : "I have the pleasure to inform you tatt tbe line from Va'entia is now working; sstibfactorily both ways.1' After mentioning the despatch ; of a message of 31 words from the directors of the company in England to those ia America, and of a message of 99 words from the Queen to the. presi- dent, as well as the reoelpt of a message of 68 words from Mr. Fie a, at Newfoundland, to tho directors in London, the letter proceeded to say that the IJno was capable of being worked with perfect accuracy." ' Following Mr.Saward's.'etter in the paper was a meBsago from Valentia, dited the same day, " We are now receiving from Now foundland accurately, with perfect signa's, at tbe rate of 100 words per hour." Other messages and reports of the perfect condition of tho line were made publia by ihe Company from time to time, and even as late as tho 25th of August the co* i ... ' .« I pan/Informed the publie,.tK^ugb'thefmedíqrafpf1 tbe daily press, that " the [íáble'lf rjçw working: ! splendid'y; we «re converging freely;; with New i/ mnrlland. The sign »ls te end fronv are'strong anrlperfect, A telegram has just been received, llateaTfewrTTórk^Augíist 25> 13-53 a.tn; cta'ing that tb» Pew's has taken the Europa's passengers and mails.1'._. _._ : The above message was sent upon the authority of Mr. P. Gurney, M P., the. chairman, and Pro- fessor Thomson, one of the directors of the com-. paoy, both of whom were at Yalëntia at the time ; , the latter being perfectly competent to judge «if the electrical condition of the cable, having had charge of the test'ng during the laying-of the line, and for some time pr«viously. ; These are some of the opinions expressed at'the time by those officers of the. company who were best qualified to judge iu the matter : but, before jleaving the subject of the state of the line after it was laid, the form of instrument which con- veyed 'he various messages transmitted throngh this vast circuit, more than £000 miles in length, claims some attention, since the evidence, even as to this part of . the business, . ia strangely contradictory.. It bas boen,stated, for example, that only the mere " 'ghosts " of cur- rents were reoe'ved, and - that Professor-rThom son's delicate mirror galvanometer was the only instrument that could be used, while, as. we have seen, Mr. De Sauty reported the recorded'currcnts ss perfeotly satisfactory at Newfoundland; and Mr. Whitehouse in his evidence (Blue Book, .quest, 1897) says " that the signals were very strong ; they made the relay Bpeak out loud, ,eo that you could hear it aeróos the room." The batter] power employed at the time at Newfoundland was given twelve cell' sawdust batteries, i.e.y thc ordinary portable copper end zinc .battery in t cutta nercha ease, .but filled with sawdust insteac of sand. This is also confirmed lo us by others who were present; and even Professor Thomson in his evidence (Blue B >ok quest. 2529), speaks of the singles being read," on a little single needle instrument of Mr. Heu'ey'o/and simultane- ously on'my mirror galvanometer," so that it would appear that there were then two instru- ments in circuit at the same time.. From, the dairy of signals also, published in the Blue Book {»¡do p. 238,. last message lon' the left< hand column,.. .Newfoundland to Valenka) it would seem thai an ordinary detector was used to read from,. and when, New- foundland asks for some instruments to be sent out (seo right band column of same pag«) > another oiroulat'galvanometer, and "-another relay or two" ¡wore olone,reqoired, BO that , atj thisT station the mirror instrument was not in groat demand at that period, however much it might- have- been at Valentia,, where Professor- ,Thomson, may very na urally. have preferred to .use his own appara- tus. - > ' \- The signals are reported - in. the diary as '5 splendid" andfirst-rate'.'-, on . tho day, in ques- tion, the 20th August, or. fifteen days after the completion of the laying:of.'the cable,, and 33 days after it» commonlemont. Throughout the diary similar expressions of» gratification at the ex cellenoe of the sienals-rnay be foundi / 