SPONTANEOUS GENERATIONS (From the Saturday Review, December 20. There are certain causes which, though constantly in defeat, are constantly in rebellious uprising. There is a fascination in certain opinions which snatches at evidence, which results demonstration, which looks on a drawn battle as a decisive victory, and triumphs at every pause of the enemy-the fascination of mystery. Ghosts and apparitions survive all the attacks of methodical science. Spirit rap pigs are proved over and over again to be impostures, without in any degree diminishing their noisy obtrusiveness. ignominiously driven from one camp, the rebels are seen appearing in another spot, as loud and confident as ever. They are never defeated-they only retire, for " strategic i seasons." We are very far from wishing to place Spontaneous Generation on a level with Ghost or Rapping Spirits still farther from wishing to liken its advocates to the believers in ghosts and Mr. Hume. It is a scientific question, and is, at any rate in our day, handled by scientific men, in a serious spirit. But there is in it the fascina- tion of a rebellious heterodoxy, the desire to fly in the face of the schools, and to get a step nearer to the mystery of creation, which makes men snatch at evidence, and resist the accumulation of inductive proof, very much in the style route proportion garden, of other insurgent causes, Nor do we regret the fact we thus indicate. A great advantage results from these insurgencies. They keep the intelligence alert, they save us from sleepy orthodoxy and indolent acquiescence, and they enlarge the boundaries of knowledge. In the credulous days of early science, men easily believed that worms originated in partial fying matter, that eels were developed out of mud -'and that sticks and leaves falling into the water became transformed there into animals. They believed anything in those days, on two conditions first, that it should be unhesitat- singly asserted; and secondly, that it should not directly contradict existing opinions, or superficial observations. No one doubted doubting is an art which comes late in the history of man. Nor was there any obvious ground for doubt that eels sprang from the mud, or that worms sprang from putrefaction. The observed facts were of eels suddenly appearing in empty ponds where no eels were seen before, and " worms" suddenly appearing in wherever meat was putrefying. The successive phenomena of generation were too little understood to suggest a doubt. spontaneous generation was the quiet orthodox belief until after, the Florentine poet and naturalist, opposed and vanquished it by his enlightened scepticism. The reader, who only knows Itedi, the poet, by the Bacco in Toscana, will do well to make the acquaintance of the naturalist, by his Opuscoli di storia Naturale (recently reprinted at Florence.) He will there read how Redi watched the development of the " worms" in decomposing meat and, finding that they became familiar flies, sagaciously concluded that the parent flies had deposited their eggs in the meat, which explained the apparent spontaneous generation. To prove that the meat only served as a modus, Redi covered a piece with fine gauze. Immediately flies were seen hovering over it in great agita- tion. The odor of the meat attracted them ; but, alas ! they could not fulfil their instincts they could not deposit their eggs in this admirable nest. Failing in their attempts, they made a compromise and deposited their eggs upon the gauze. It is needless to say that the gauze was insufficient us Gaulus, and that the meat presented no " worms." This was for a time decisive. From that day to this, only an occasional speculator, in daring disregard of evidence, has ventured to maintain the spontaneous generation of flies much less of eels. But in 1745, Needham, a Catholic priest and an excellent observer, re- opened the question on new ground-theohscure and ill-understood field of infusorial life. Since then it has also been carried into the still more obscure field of entries; for it is the unfortunate characteristic of this cause to be always most discredited where our knowledge happens to be most precise-us the horizon widens and the darkness rolls away, this doctrine retires deeper into the shadows. Needham produced a great sensation, but he was finally silenced by Spallunzani and the orthodox party grew more assured of the justice of its motto, engine driven ex over, as we find it necessary now to word it, omnevivum ex vive. The doctrine had become so thoroughly dis- credited that the schools were in profound quiet. In 1859 this quiet was disturbed by M. Poulet, who presented himself before the august body of Academicians as the ardent advocate of the prescribed cause. He was too eminent a man to be pooh-poohed; and his statements of experimental results were too startling to be ignored. He was equipped with all the material of war, and flung down a gauntlet which could not be left lying there. Champions in abundance presented themselves; and to this day the fight continues. In France, England, and America, investigators are busy with infusions, purifying the air, inventing obstacles to the possible access of germs from without, and proving to their entire satisfaction that spontaneous generation is a first truth-and an antiquated absurdity. It is some satisfaction to reflect that all this labor and discussion have not been without collateral advantages. The least of the lessons thus learned has been the necessity of caution in experiment. As to positive results, they, as just intimated, at present far from harmonious. The eminent chemist, M. Pasteur, whose researches have thrown the most discredit on the statements of M. Poulet, finds a contradiction in Dr. Wyman, of Harvard College (American Journal of Science, July 1862), who repeats M. Pasteur's experiments with opposite results. Our readers will not call upon us to decide a question still sub judice. But we shall not withhold our opinion that the balance of evidence markedly leans to the orthodox side and with regard to the somewhat staggering experiments of Dr. Wyman, we leave them to be tested and criticised by M. Pasteur or others -at once, however denying his position that "will ova and spores in as far as we know any ftbjzjg about them, are destroyed by prolonged f?9:l§g." It has been ascertained, by Mr. jiewea, that the spores of Aspergillus are not destroyed are not even appreciably affected by boiling; and we really know so very little of the ova of infusoria that it is perilous to gener- size about them. \- In the Lemons de Chimie et de Physique now before us, M. Pasteur gives as his contribution a rapid survey of the controversy, and of his own researches. The first point satisfactorily established by him is the existence of a variable quantity of organic corpuscles, indisfinguish able from the germs of inferior organisms float jug in the dust of the atmosphere. As this point is of incalculable importance, we will briefly indicate its proof. He places some gun cotton in a glass tube, and through the tube passes a given amount of atmospheric air. The will-, of course, carries a variable quantity of dust, as every one sees when a sunbeam slants athwart a room. This dust, or a large proportion of it is arrested by the cotton fibres, which act as a trainer of the air. The cotton is then dissolved in ether. After a lapse of some hours all the dust will have fallen to the bottom of the tube. It is then washed and transported into a watch glass, where the liquor is suffered to evaporate, and the dust is submitted to chemical reagents capable of discriminating its various constituents. These are found to be particles of inorganic matter, starch, vegetable fibres, and spherical and avoid gro bales, transparent and filled with granules containing nuclei-in a word, presenting the unequivocal aspect of ova or spores. Without pretending to say of what these are the ova or spores, " on peut affirmed In resemblance par- faite avec des germes disorganising informers, veinstone." ' _ To this M. Poulet and his adherents object that the quantities are too small to account for the" universal and abundant presence of infuse- real life in infusions of decaying substances. M. Pasteur replies that the quantities are indeed variable, but quite sufficient to do count for the phenomena. Attora storm, the tiiuiBpaivnco of the air is due, in a great measure, he thinks, to the rain having beaten down the floating dust; and perhaps the density of fogs is to a great extent dependent on the amount of suspended dust. But in the ordinary condition of the atmosphere, in the street where he lives, he has collected several thou- sends of these organic corpuscles in the course of twenty-four hours! and the rapidity with which infusoria multiply is well known. Having proved that the air is a vehicle of ova and spores, or let us simply say of organic cor ? passes, the next step is to prove that these . Lemons de Chimie et de Physique ! Professors en 1861 31st. M.M. Jamhi, Debray, Cloez, Becquerel of Pasteur over -, 1802. corpuscles will develope into infusoria if introduced into a flask which contains a decoction of organic substances and air carefully freed from germs. Without these corpuscles such a decoctions would never, it is affirmed, show signs of life; with these corpuscles the infusoria are certain to appear. The experiment of control has great force. Instead of placing these corpuscles unaltered in the decoction, he first alter them by intense heat, such as may be presumed to destroy their vitality, and then no organisms appear. Another curious result of M. Pasteur's ex periments is, that not only are the quantities of corpuscles very variable in different places and different states of the atmosphere, but that the greater the height above the surface of the earth from which the air is obtained, the rarer are these corpuscles ; so that on the Mer de Glace, out of twenty flasks opened at that height, only one revealed the entrance of car puscles, and these probably were carried by the clothes of the experimenter. Now that scientific balloon ascents are frequent it would be eminently desirable to try the effect of atmospheric air admitted into a decoction at the height of some miles above the earth. Even here there would be various sources of error, against which it would be necessary to guard. Nevertheless, if a sufficient number of experiments were made to eliminate the accidents, a tolerably constant negative would be a strong confirmation of the hypothesis that, unless the air brings germs into an infusion, no life will appear. Reviewing the whole controversy, we may call attention to two cardinal facts. First, in proportion as our knowledge becomes more extensive and exact, there is a corresponding limitation of the possible field for spontaneous generation and the strong presumption is that this retreat of the doctrine into narrower and narrower limits will be pursued until it is finally excluded from science. Secondly, even with regard to the obscure questions of infuse real life, it is certain that the air constantly carries germs in its floating dust, and that this is at least one known source of the phenomena invoked by the advocates of Spontaneous Generation. Now, although the establishment of this one source does not positively exclude the possibility of there being other sources although the generation of some infusoria from germs does not exclude the possibility of spontaneous generation in other cases leads to a very strong presumption that the ordinary laws of generation, observed with such amazing uniformity throughout; the whole region of the known phenomena, will obtain also in these unknown phenomena. 