THE VICTORIAN TÜRE. TUB GREAT EVJ3VTS OP THE COMING SPRING.. {From BelCt Life in Victoria, June 6.) ' Tho Ballaarat Champion hail originally twouty nomi- nation», but ol'theji', seven lrnvo cried ojr«t tho second paying up, tho non-content* being Saturn, Modesty, tho Mormon colt. Banker, Kelpie, Monitor, »nd Aroma. Wo «ru not surprised Hint Sn!urn lins cried " u go" after his bad innings up country ; nor did wo expect that Modesty would go on after her breaking up prior to tho lute Turf Club Hace*. Tho Mormou colt, Banker, Kelpie, und .Monitor, wo presumo hnvo boon found not to be good enough ; aud Aruma, it would appear, is to bo reserved for the Oaks and Mulbaurno Cup. However, thero still remain a baker's donni in the ranks of tho Champion caudidalu*, ami.» Uno lot they uro, both ns to pedigrco, appour&nco;, and performances, .and wo trust that no Untoward ooeidonts may happen lo any of thom between .this «md tho 1st October, whon we liopu to seo at leant ' half . goora sport silk over tho Champion course bi Bowling forest! The Jookoy Club Handicap lins lost but two of its mombors at tho socond timo of asking-to wit, tho flve ? yoar-old sister to Impudence, and tho Gipps Band thres yoar-old, Count, leaving a batch of Uftpen to go through tho handicap mill of tho Jockey Club. I'rior to tho weights being declared for tho great V.J.G. nico, wo can say-but littlo pro or con., save that thoro is overy present prospect of considerable interest boing taken therein, und hops that tlie V.J.G slowurds may turu out a handi- cap that will bring to the post a good Acid mid a gamo and exciting finish. The Jockey Club Cup bas boon reduced by ono only Alfrod-the field being non* composed of about tho best twelve horses in Australia. If Archer woro out of it, it .-. would be an open raco indeed; but, with the momory of that great liorso before us, wo can seo nothing in tho race with a ghost of n ohunco, always supposing tho . terror of the Melbourne Cup to bo flt on the day. Tho stewards of tho Turf Club deserve to have their names handed down to posterity for having so boldly taken a stand nguinst tho publie notion of never going beyond weight for ago in tho framing of a handicap. Tho Turf Club stewards havo shown thctnsolvcs superior to old-fangled fallacies, and havo fearlessly made a' handicap what it is intended to be-a bringing together of horses of various dogrces of excellence., by alloting to oaoh 41 fixed quantity of weight. If tho principle of handicapping bo a just one, Dion it is proper to weight ovory animal according to his deserts, and not stop short ? when a certain standard has been reached. Our scale of weights for ago is only a scala of custom, and it is no moro unfair to muko so superior n horse as Archer carry ' n stone moro than tho next best horse in Australia, than lt is to mako steeplechasers carry 12st 71b ovor four miles of BtifT country, or to caji upon racers to curry tho samo weight in a three mile welter race. Archer is woll nblo to carry all the weight imposed upon him, and yet get along at such a paco ns fow horses in Australia hnvo yot \- managed to nttaui. Supposing Archer to bo as lit next Novembor,.as ho was on tho day bf tho last Melbourne Cup, and even with list 41b on him, ho will bs obie, should he bo called upon, to mako such pace os will astonish even those who saw him cut down his fields in tho two Melbourno Cups already passed to his credit. The second on tho list, Mormon, is fairly woightud at -/ lOst 41b ; it is only his weight for ago, and his ninny glorious victories under that burthen, to say nothing of \- his twice running second for'tho Molbourno Cup under lOst llb aod 9st 121b, entitle him to that load. Tolloy .rand, afc the saino weight, is not woll in, though it must bo renicmboral that, with a Btono botweon thom, tho cliesnut bent Archer for tho first Randwick Handicap, . tho distance of which was favourable to Talleyrand rather than to Archer. Travollor, nt Ost 71b, has dono flo immy good things lately that Ins owner could not have cxpoctcd to got oh" easier ; Traveller hos an allow- ance of 111b from Talleyrand, although tho diflbronco hi their woights for ago is but Bib. Ebor, tho same ago ns Traveller, is fully entitled to a 71b consideration from the conquoror of Kyogle, mid the winner of. tho Band wick and North Australian Handicap and Queensland < Queen's Plate ; Ebor, although a lucky horse during tho past season, has never douo a good thing, his best pcr loimanco, porhaps,- being in tho Smythesdale Handicap, ''jvhich,' by-the-byo, ho very nearly lost. Barwon, on the ¿.Jjthor hand, is ono of tho best horses over foalod in Vie \- loria, end although a short horse-undor Qftcan hands : .-itt well ublo to carry weight. The luuidicappcrs would havo committed a gravo orror had they lot him in any lighter, and ns it is, ho is botter off by 71b than Talley- I rand. Tho Camden party, it would seem, think thoy havo a certainty, but on what basis thoy ground their hope, we aro at a loss to understand. Camden has ". never done a first-class feat in public, his best perform- ances bring those in the Two Thousand Guineas and Melbourne Cup, whilst nt Ballaarat ho cut up vory badly in tho Great Metropolitan. .Camdon may IIOTC done great things over the Caulfield downs, but "handicappers havo to look to public running, not privato trials. Mr Bowling's other horse, Falcon, has shown great pace Over a milo and a half, and with tho light burthon allotted to him in tho Mclbourno Cup ho may prove a teaser over tho longer distance Tho Sydney pair, Scamp" and Alfred, cannot grumblo at their weight, though wo nover heard of any racing in tho form of a Cup winner. Musidorn lins proved herself, during tim ' past season, a tough and speedy mare,.and if sho go on improving lier present for ni she must bo a forward run- ner in tho Melbourno Cup ; she lias n liboral nllowanco . from Barwon (her. own ago) but not moro than sho is entitled to. Haidee, tho N.S.W, four-yoar-old, und stable companion to Archor, has not run since sho waa n two-yr-old, when she shaped well ; sho has been classed, by the Tnrf Club stewards, as a illly of the samo form as Musidorn, to ns, a fair comparison. I fa ¡deo did not race last month nt Bnndwiok, having gono slightly amiss at tho eleventh hour. Palestine nus a good Ally whou slip won the Oaks, and if Mr Watson can get her into con- dition sho will not find that Sst 41b is too heavy for her. Saturn scorns to have lost his form altogether, his lato doings in tho provinces being below tho powers of a "plator." Beginn has nn agreeablo weight if sho can bo got fit ; nor can Shillclnh's Tasmanian friends complain of the treatment he has roceived at. tho honda ol' tho handicap commissioners. Shylock, a Gipps Land nomi- nation, has plenty of encouragement to leave his country seat for tho metropolis ; and Toryhoy, with only 7st to > carry, and in blooming condition and heart, must bo ncoror tho winner than in his previous essays to carry off thc Melbourne Cup. - Tho throe-yr-olds aro nil well iii ', ond it there be a clipper amongst them Büch os Plying .. JBuck, or Buzzard, or Barwon, ho must bo very handy \- at the finish. ' Aruma's two-yr-old running was suffi- ciently good, though sho always had a bad lot against . her,, to induce tho handicappers to imposo Cst Gib on hor; sho runs gamely and honestly, and being no longer a candidate for Champion honours, thero is all tho more reason to boliovo that sho will bo brought out frosh for tho Cup. Count, another Gipps Land entry, has proved himself tho best two-yr-old in that district, whilst tho otily othor known thrco-yr-old is Banker, who ran (wico during tho past season, but on both' occasions in tho . rear. Mr Hurtle fisher's thrco high-brod Ihrce-yr-olds -have rory fairly-received nn nllownneo from the only ,' othor dark three-yr-old, Atholing, nnd it now romains to , bo provod whether the scions 'of tho bcBt blood in old England can strike tho'colours of the best race-horses in Australia. 