HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. We have received Honolulu papers to the 20th December inclusive, the 27th of November had been kept as a day of public thanksgiving for the continued prosperity of the kingdom throughout the year. The Honolulu College for Ladies was opened on the 8th of December. The papers are chiefly filled with matters of merely local interest. The following account of the confirmation and first communion of the King and Queen of the Hawaiian Islands, is taken from the Polynesian, and will doubtless be found very interesting to many of our readers : At half-past ten on the morning of the 28th of November, of procession left the vestry and entered the church in Older. Fhtt, Major Hoopili, Chief, and Aide-de-camp to the King, surpliced, bearing the banner of the Díooobo of Honolulu; next, the Choir, composed of natives, and also surpliced, walking two and two; then the Clergy, the the Revds. E. Ibbotson, TV. R, Scott and G. Mason, surpliced and with white Btolee, and lastly the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in all and crochet, preceded by his pastoral staff Their Majesties the King and Queen were by this time arrived at the west door of the church, whither the Bishop, attended by one of his chaplains, immediately proceeded, and greeted them,, kneeling, with the Apostolic Salutation and Benediction. The King and Queen, proceded by the Bishop, entered the church and took the places allotted to them, and the services of the day commenced. The Litany, in the Hawaiian language, exquisitely sung by the Rev. E. Ibbotson, was first chanted ; the responses with thrilling effect being rendered by the Choir and general congregation. The first part was harmonised to Pallia's responses, the remainder was in plain song. The densely crowded congregation seemed deeply moved by the beauty and devotional character of the service. The Litany ended, the Bishop, attended by his clergy and the choir, returned to the vestry, to meet for the great rite of the day. In a few moments a chant was again beard, and the procession having re-formed, issued from the vestry by the north door, and went down Hunter-street, chanting the processional psalm, " The Heavens declare the glory of God," being the 19th Psalm, Bring to the Gregorian third tone, second ending. As the cadences died away in the distance, or were faintly heard in the church as the procession moved by it or gradually approached, and then swelled into a grand united burst of adoration, the effect. was thrilling in the extreme. The procession re-entered the church by the west door, outside which the military were drawn up, presented arms and saluted the Bishop and Clergy. Passed into the church and the choir having filed off into their respective places, the processional Psalm closed, the Bishop ascended the steps of the altar, vested In alf) and cope, missed, with episcopal ring, to , the pastoral staff of his north and the banner of the diocese on his death, the three priests being at the steps behind. The King and Queen then rose, and, attended by their witnesses, his Excellency the Honorable Mr. Wyllie, and the Honorable Judge Allen, Chancellor of the Kingdom, drew towards the altar, and, humble reverence made, knelt and awaited the commencement of the confirmation office. The chaplain, the Rev. G. Meson, having read the preface, the Bishop put the questions to the candidates. The answers made and the suffrages said, the prayer invoking confirmed lion by the Holy Ghost and the Special confirming graces of the Spirit, was said by the Bishop, and he called upon all present to unite in silent prayer to the Almighty to bless those then about to be con firmed, With one accord all present fell upon their knees, silence that might be felt ensued, and never, we are certain, did prayers mere fervent or more loving ascend for a sovereign's sake, than then rose from heart after heart, in that vast multitude, inside and outside the sacred building, for their beloved King and Queen. " All one in Christ Jesus "-never was this priceless truth more thoroughly realised. King and Queen meekly kneeling at the throne of mercy to seek divine help from the King of kings-the bond of union was complete-and in the deep emotion of the prostrate sovereigns not a few of their subjects shared, entranced as the people had been before at the deep solemnity of the plaintive song, subdued to heartfelt sympathy, to earnest devotion of love were they now at the unheard outpouring of the soul for blessings upon their sovereign, The Secret prayer ended, the wonderful hymn " Veni Creator Spiritus " was sung to the ancient melody with a majesty and- pathos that visibly affected most pro' cent. Then followed the prayer, "Defend, O Lord, this thy servant," with the imposi- tion of hands, and the act of Confirmation was complete. Again a breathless silence, while prayers in secret again ascended that those two bended suppliants, that moment sanctified, might indeed " continue Thine for ever." The silence was broken by the solemn voice of the Bishop teaching the multitude and a during the newly dedicated. Few were the words, but not a heart that must not have felt them. Then the loving salutation, ?' The Lord be with you," and the response like a clap of thunder, " And with thy spirit." The Lord's Prayer, joined in by a thousand voices, rose to the Common Father of us all, the two concluding Collects for Fatherly guidance and everlasting protection followed, and a hymn was again sung ; but not this time of adoration simply, or supplication for gifts, but one soul-stirring burst of exulting praise rolled up to God ; the grand Old Hundredth Psalm, in its most ancient words, and to the old majestic tune, swelled through the house of God, and was echoed in the streets outside till literally it was lost as it rose heavenward. The final awful benediction "the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, be upon you and remain with you for ever," and the great men, and the service was ended. Never was a religious rite more impressing, more solemnly celebrated than this; never did the inherent .. beauty of holiness " of the Church's ritual shine lovelier or more conspicuous Bishops and priests correctly vested, the accessories of banner and pastoral staff emblematic of the soldier's duty and the shepherd's care, the altar and all I its appurtenances bright and fragrant with the choicest flowers everything was comely and meet for the festive service. The meek worship of the candidates, the unmistakable look of loyalty and love, the fervent, the tearful prayers of the people, the awful moment of self-education and divine confirmation, the jubilant thanksgiving of the natives, all combined to make the act a united one, to invest with dignity the great mystery engaged in, and even' to signalise the National Holiday in a way never to be forgotten. Besides the two Royal personages, candidates for the confirmation, there were present of the Court and Diplomatic corps-Her R H. the Princess Victoria, the Queen Dowager, His Excellency the Governor of Oahu, Her Excellency the Governess of Hawaii, the Hon. Mrs. Rooke, and Mr J.Y. Davis, of the Royal Family; and of the Court, by the Chancellor of the Kingdom, Chief Justice. Allen, and Mrs. Allen, His Excellency Mr. Wyllie, His. Excellency W. W, F. Synge, H. B. M. Commissioner and lady, the Honorables G. M. Robertson, C. R. Bishop, John li, and their ladies, the Hon. Mrs. Haalelea, Miss E. K. Laanui and others. In the evening a crowded congregation, chiefly native, attended by the King and Queen, besides many foreigners, including some of the Cabinet Ministers and the foreign Commissioners, again thronged the church, when a solemn service in Hawaiian was celebrated by the Revs. E. Robinson and W. R. Scott, and the: benediction given by the Bishop ; the grand ceremonial of the memorable day being closed by a Te Deum, chanted by the Bishop, Priests, and choir in procession, and lined' in by the rejoicing congregation. j ' On the Sunday following being Advent Sunday, and the Festival of St Andrew, the services of the Church were again made more than ordinarily solemn, by their Majesties the King and Queen receiving their First Communion The altar, vested in violet, and the Bibles of the Bishop and' clergy of the same mournful colour, reminded all of the solemn season that day had entered upon. An early celebra-, lion, at which the Revs. E. Ibbitson and 3. Mason office.; sted, at half-past 7. prepared the way for a confirmation at half-past eight, when his Excellency Mr. Wyllie, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Hon. Judge Robertson's and the Hon the Attorney-General were confirmed the Bishop being served by the Rev. W. R. Scott. After the-. Hawaiian service at half-past nine, at which the Rev. B Ibbittson preached in the Hawaiian language, the Church became crowded to overflowing, vast numbers remaining in, the streets outside, to hear and see at laast'soiriflthtng of the great service of the day. After the Litany, chanted by, Rev. E Robinson, and a sermon by Rev, TV it. Scott, on the subject of the Eucharist, from the words, "How great is His goodness, and how great His is beauty. Cora shall make the young men cheerful and new wine the maids. the Bishop retired to vest, and, re-entered, attended by the Revs. G. Mason and E. Ibbotson vested in all, chasuble, &o; The retreat was beautifully sung, being the Eucharistic hymn, " Sing we that» Blest Body broken," Bring to Palestrina. The Bishop then'' commenced the sacred office . the Governor being Rev. I W. R. Scott, and Epietoler Rev. G. Mason. After the , Prayer of Consecration, the hymn, to Troyte'a chant No,l,{ .' Thee we adore, O Hidden Saviour, Thee," was sung so sweetly end be devotionally, as to make a marked impress j sion upon the worshippers. The Bishop and Priest having C communicated, the King and Queen, meekly kneeling before the altar, received their first communion, and' ; no one present but felt the awe of the moment, and; I offered a fervent prayer to the Almighty, as from the i Paton, at the hands of the Bishop, and from the Chalice, at the hands of his Server, Rev. Mr Scott, the King and Queen of earth partook in soul of that sacramental ' food, the gift of the humble, houseless; carpenter's Son, of t ! Bethlehem, King of kings, and Lord of lords.,' The others, communicated, the prayer and praise offices. the i's Gloria I in, Excelsis" sung,, the benediction given, and the Court reunion, the perfection of Confirmation, was completed, and the King and Queen became In full communion with that Church, the Church of their deliberate adoption, as it had been sought as the Church of their choice by their prose of seems for many a disappointed year. 