ADELAIDE : SATURDAY, FE8RUABY 21 1863. We r UBI.ISHSD . in the Chronicle of Saturday last a very fall and comprehensive summary of British, European, and American intelligence, compiled specially for our papers by our London Correspondent. So far as the bald facts of the month's news are concerned, we shall nave little to add, but our files contain ample details, and plenty of comment, from which we shall make selections as space may admit. To-day we publish in. full bur London letter,- embodying an instructive commentary on the events of the month ; [and we also give a pretty complete summary of monetary, commercial, and shipping transactions. The news, on the whole, may be considered satisfactory, so far as relates to this colony. The great Christmas topic at home has been quite as alarming in its way as the ghost stories of old — garottism having fairly thrown London into a panic. It is the theme of leading articles, the staple of Punch, the subject of conversation in every place of pnbjjc and private resort, and some very curious questions are likely to arise out of it. London cannot sleep of nights, and there is a lond outcry for the resumption of transportation ; Australia, of course, being CTiofiiQiiTr mani-irknArt no a lilroivr nlaoa *fv\ia ocf.a blishing new convict depots. The emigration movement fis now exciting much discussion, and we should not wonder if a vote of public money were taken in England for the promotion of this object, in which case we might stand a chance of getting a few immi grants without having to pay for them. But however this may be, it is evident that the question is at the present moment creating an unusual amount of interest ; and we refer with pleasure to our Correspondent's letter on this subject, especially to his quotation from a speech hy Mr. Cobden, which is well worth reading. ? ? It is some relief to find that the extreme pressure of the Lancashire distress is in some email degree abating, and it is equally pleasing to find that the spirit of benevolence yet main tains its unexhausted flow. One rather remark able phase of the cotton famine is the zeal with which New York merchants and others are rushing to the rescue ; although the very curious Yankee speech of a Brooklyn clergyman, as related by our Correspondent, would lead one to suppose that the New York people are desirous of killing two birds with one stone — namely, relieving the Lancashire operatives on the one hand, and drawing off English sympathies from the Confederate States on the other. The ardour with which Yankee merchants (who by the way-are, many of them, making huge for tunes out of the war) are threatening to pour ? flour and bacon into Liverpool has, evidently, a political as well as a charitable aspect. Whilst referring to America we may as well point out the strongly-marked abolition tendencies of the Federal Government at the present moment. It was not always so ; it is well known that Presi dent Lincoln has offered again and again to sanction slavery, and to lend the protection of the law to the slaveowner, provided the Southern States would re-enter the Union. He would have welcomed them back with slavery and all its atrocities; but as they would notretnm, he resolves to liberate the slaves in the revolted States as fast as he can, and, looking beyond the future, proposes a scheme for the gradual emancipation- of all slaves by the year 1890. Our Correspondent has dealt fully with this inte resting question. The Queen still occupies the very centre of English anxieties and sympathies. On the anniversary of the Prince Consort's death, Her Majesty spent the day in strict seclusion, and shortly afterwards a :' Memorial Volume' ap peared, containing speeches, &c;, of the illus trious deceased, with remarks said to have emanated from the pen of the Queen, upon his character and proceedings. We have not heard whether a volume of this deeply interesting work has reached South Australia, but if not already here, it no doubt will be shortly. We rejoice, as will every South Australian colonist, to learn that the Queen has no intention of abdicating. Indeed, we always discredited the rumour, but it is gratifying to have it formally contradicted. It is now-affirmed, and with more appearance of truth than formerly, that Prince Alfred will visit Australia; and should this be the case, it will occasion the noblest demonstration of which these colonies have ever yet been the theatre. The Soyal Prince has been almost unanimously elected Sing of Greece, and doubtless the impossibility of his accepting this office is one of the - reasons that have prompted the arrangements for his Australian tour. But the Greeks are very determined to have the Prince, and to effect this object they would not object to put the crown in Com mission, and wait for him till the British nation and Government would consent to his accepting the offer. It is not, however, so much objected to in England that the Prince is yet too young to assume the responsibilities of sove reignty ; the political and international diffieul culties inseparable from an English Prince sit ting on the throne of Greece, would equally operate were he double his present age j and we cannot believe that either now or hereafter Her Majesty's Government would consent to the proposal. Ecclesiastical prosecutions for heresy seem to be getting unpopular ; and although sentences have been passed upon some of the writers of the Essays 'and Reviews, it is said that no pro ceedings will be taken against Bishop Colenso. In fact the Bishop of London, in language which at the present moment almost amounts to ap proval of Colenso, has stated that the rules of the Church require to be expanded, so as to admit within its pale men of learning and genius who are now, on account of their theological opinions, excluded. . The ik)w ast- nsBEMiriraBAirvE price of wheat is a constant theme of complaint in the country districts. Whatever diver sity may obtain in the 'letters of our country correspondents, they are all alike in this one respect — they uniformly state that at the present price of wheat farming does not pay. The price of wheat is doubtless low, and we need scarcely state that its price in Adelaide or at Port Adelaide is not its price throughout the .colony. Many who are now complaining that the market quotations do not leave them a living profit would be very well content if they eould get the 4s. obtainable at the Port, or the 3s. lOd. quoted in Adelaide ; but a large number of our industrious farmers, and a great propor tion of the wheat raised in the colony, are so far away firom.town that the expense of getting pro duce to port swallows up the whole of the profit. Jt is not, however, that the price of wheat, as compared with its value in other corn-producing countries, is so exceedingly low. Absolutely the price, for an exporting country, is good; but in relation to other prices and costs generally, it is low. The price of labor is dispropor tionately high as compared with that of wheat. We are not saying whether the laborer could live upon less, or not ; but we do say, and chal lenge refutation, that the price of labor, as com pared with the price of wheat, is dispropor tionately high, and that either the one should go up or the other down. We will not at present encumber our remarks with statistics, but will simply affirm what every wheatgrower must be conscious of, namely, that the cost of raising a bag of wheat and sending it to market, is, under ordinary circumstances, more than the profit upon it when sold, and we do not wonder at receiving letters complaining of the want of inducement to farm, and of the determination of farmers to turn to some more paying pursuit as soon as possible. Of course we have to look to the average yield per acre, as well as to the cost of production, and it is thus that the worst is brought to light. With a yield only half that of other countries, our farmers have to pay twice as much in wages and charges, so that whilst they are losers at 4s., other countries are gainers at 3s. Is there no way of grappling with this diffi culty P Must farming be given up as hopelessly unprofitable? Shall our lands go out of culti vation P Surely, no. In the first place, farmers snouia not aepena too exclusively upon gram. This exclusive dependence upon grain has been the curse of agriculture in South Australia, and farming will never prosper until it is of a more miscellaneous character. Of course there is much difference in the nature of farms— some being well adapted for mixed farming, and others not being so. But what we deprecate is, the conversion, of British farmers into colonial grain-growers. This will not do. On some of the great American plains where, *? if you plant a nail at night, it will grow into a spike by the morning,' it might answer well ; but here, where crops are never luxuriant, and very often miserably poor, to make grain-growing the all- in-all of agriculture is a fatal mistake.. We are -not theorizinc = there arc farmers at fchn present moment doing very well by mixed farm ing who would starve upon wheat crops, and it is their example, and not our words, that we wish to impress upon our readers. But whilst advocating mixed farming, so as to relieve the agriculturist ' from the risks and uncertainties connected with an ex clusive dependence upon wheat, we are equally desirous of seeing wheat cultivated to a profit, and we feel certain it could be. When Mr Baker's steam plough gets to work it will be seen whether there is not a possibility of effect ing a great saving in the cost of getting in the seed, and also whether the more effectual stirring of the land by this imple ment increases the yield. If so, a number of farmers living adjacent to one another should club together and import a steam plough; or, perhaps, should the experiments about to be made be successful, some public-spirited specu lator may import one or two, and hire them out. Of course as yet we know nothing beyond what the English papers state, the applicability of the steam plough to Australia requiring to be spe cially tested ; but if a saving can be effected, we ought to avail ourselves of the steam plough for the same reasons that have induced us to adopt the reaping machine. A plentiful, and above all things, a timely supply of agricultural labor is a point of infinite importance ; and of equal interest is the con struction and maintenance of good lines of thoroughfare. Beads and labor— so long as there are employers and produce — must command the most thoughtful attention of the Legislature and the country. Our immigration system is yet far from perfect, and we believe that South Australian farmers would, in many cases, them selves be the very best emigration agents, if they were allowed to send for their own laborers at the charge of the immigration fund. They would naturally_send for men from their own former localities ; Essex men sending to Essex, Norfolk men to Norfolk, Herefordshire men to Hereford, and so on ; and we believe that laborers thos selected and sent out — consigned as it were — to farmers from their own neighborhoods, would be much more likely to suit, and much more likely to be suited, than under a promis cuous system, which ignores all considerations Hivrivfti frnm lnp.nl nvmnatJiififl. lnhnl nnn» onrl local knowledge. Another point of vast importance is that of relieving the colonial market by making frequent and considerable shipments to England. We published in a former impression particulars of a shipment effected by Messrs. P. Levi and Co. purposely to test this question. Those gentle men sent to England last season about 1,000 bushels of wheat, and although they bought the wheat at 4s. 6Jd. per bushel, paying high freight, and very heavy general charges, they have made a slight profit on the transaction. The wheat sold in LDndon at 60s. per quarter. The best Dantzic wheats (always at the top of the market) fetching, at the last dates, no higher price. If we can relieve our wheat market at 4s. 6d. per bushel, or even at. 4s. per bushel, by availing ourselves of so unlimited a market as the English, or limited only by the possibility of getting tonnage, we need not allow prices to descend below that level. Exportation to England — even if not profitable as a branch of trade cultivated for its own sake — may be very useful as a means of relieving a glutted market, and of preserving a fair price for the balance of stock. It may be to wheatgrowers what years ago boiling-down was to sheepfarmers— a minimum price will be established. We there fore trust that whilst farmers study the most varied and profitable systems of farming, and whilst the Legislature give due attenton to roads and labor, merchants will endeavor to ship off as freely as possible some of that surplus stock of grain which cannot now, as it formerly could, be disposed of nearer home. iMnorujiwiivfl w Australia is an idea not very likely to be realised ; but as it is a course that has been seriously recommended, and even by a Judge on the Bench, the question is one that comes fairly within the scope of reasonable discussion. That the people of England 'should demand a return to transportation as the most effective means of ridding society of its lawless and dangerous classes, is natural enough ; and, of course, the advocates pf transportation are bound to show that there are places on the face of the earfch where penal settlements might bs established. But whether transportation, as a secondary punishment, is advisable or unad visable—whether the localities to which con victs might be deported are few or many, are questions with which we in Australia haveKttle to do. The only point of real practical interest for us in this part of the world is whether English ruffianism is to be disgorged upon the shores of Australia, and on this point a million of voices will enter a loud and unqualified pro test. No donbt London must, at any cost, be purged of its Thugs and Garotters, but Her Majesty's Government in purifying the metropolis of the empire cannot be permitted to poison' the colo nies. There Is something so monstrous, so un natural, in the idea of hordes of the most irre claimable and desperate criminals being sent into the vicinity of loyal and industrious colo nists, that one is at a loss to understand how men of thoughtful feahife and, honorable prin ciples could ever have recommended such a course, , Our English readers must bear with us if, in our extreme surprise at such a proposi tion we should use strong language. To Aus tralian colonists the, idea of establishing in this parti of the world convict depots for the most brutish and fiendish of mankind is simply re volting, and must be viewed by us in much the same light as the English nation would view a proposal to establish on the British coasts a settlement of Seapoy asaassins or Chinese pirates. It would take a great deal of provoca tion to weaken the cordial ties of affection which unite these colonies to the parent country, but certainly the infliction upon us of convictism, and convictism in its very worst and most dreaded form, would not only weaken but utterly destroy all bonds of union between the colonies and the Crown. The sentiment of loyalty, in the very nature of things, must and would give way before the stronger instinct of self-preservation. The colonies would feel, and justly so, that a deep and cruel wrong had been, inflcted upon them. They would feel themselves degraded, and for no fault of their own ; they would feel themselves imperilled, and without the possibility of effec tually averting the ever threatening danger, and they would know that this their degradation and their danger had been gratuitously and wickedly brought about by a Government ever held in the profoundest respect, and in the name of a Queen to whom all classes have always looked with much more than the conventional loyalty usually cherished fonnonarchs. Our. London Correspondent, writing on this subject, says — 'For my part I do not think that Australia need be under any apprehension, though there can he no harm in '? the colonists speaking their minds.' We agree with both parts of this proposition. We believe that there is no actual danger, but our faith is grounded in the conviction that the colonists will 'speak their minds,' and adduce reasons so strong and conclusive that they must prevail. It would, however, be a fatal error to suppose that, because we are not assured of an actual purpose to esta blish a garotte settlement in North Australia, there is no occasion for protest. It would be too bite to protest when the step was finally resolved upon. Silence on our part might be construed into consent by the advocates of trans portation, and we should have much more trouble in inducing the Home Government to break up an Australian convict settlement once esta blished, than we shall now have in persuading them not to establish it. Better speak too soon than too late. There is great difference of opinion at home as to what is really the beBt course to be pur sued with regard to the ruffians who now dis turb the peace of society, and it is quite possible that transportation may not in any shape be resorted to ; but the balance of opinion, so far as we can gainer, is in lavur oi transportation, and the Times — an excellent indicator — is also in favor of it. Transportation is therefore ' on the cards,' and as the resumption of transporta tion necessarily implies the establishment of new penal settlements it is our duty to be on the qui vive. There is much difference of opinion as to where the new convict stations should be established. Some recommend un inhabited islands in the Polynesian or other seas; but this is strongly objected to on the ground that to mass together, apart -from the restraining influences of civilization, the worst description of criminals would be to produce a ' hell upon earth,' and to create a regime of. unbridled depravity and crime for which no Christian country would make itself responsible. It is also recommended to establish a settlement within the torrid or frigid zones, in localities where voluntary colonization is not likely to take'place; but to this the Humanitarians object Miiib il iu is retuijr iulciiucu.. mj uurucr tixe uuii victs, the cheapest and humunest plan would be to Jiang them out of hand at once. ' England,' itr is said, ' will never tolerate a Cayenne.' Once more, it is recommended that a convict depot be established somewhere in the Hudson's Bay territory, North America, where the climate is severe but not deadly, and where the con sciousness that hard work and hard fare are the convict's lot would produce their proper deter ring effects upon the criminal population at home. This sounds very reasonable ; but, un fortunately, some one discovers, and proves to demonstration, that the perpetual escapes that would take place in that part of the world must eventuate either in war with America or an in surrection in Canada, And so this plan is tabooed. Now all these difficulties, as they restrict the choice of localities, increase the risk to which Australia is exposed. Those who are solicitors for the morals of the criminal classes will not consent to abandon them to their own vices and devices in some island paradise in Polynesia. Those who are concerned for their physical well-being will not hear of their being slowly wasted away either. in torrid or frigid dunes. Those who look at the question as international politicians protest against the establishment of convict stations in localities where the result might be foreign embroilment or internal convulsion. Every one has^a ' site' to recommend, but in each case there is an objection — an objection in reference to the convicts themselves, or in reference to some neighboring community where they might exasperate to war, or some province wmen tney mignt seauce into a rebellion. With regard to Australia; however, there can be none of these objections. Cambridge Gulf is neither hot enough nor cold enough to kill the garotters. It is not sufficiently near to foreign states to cause annoyance to them or anxiety to England, and there is little danger of a Thug insurrection in these colonies. In fact, the only objection to the whole of the ruffianism of England being poured forth upon the northern shores of Aus tralia is simply local in its nature — it would he the ruin of these loyal colonies — but nothing more. Perhaps, after an, the recommendation of Mr. Justioe Byles and others, as to the desirableness ot sending convicts to Australia, results partly from ignorance of tbe true character of Austra lian society, and partly from ignorance of Austra lian geography. With reference to the first point, Mr. Justice Byles seems to think that a cargo of London garotters would be an accept able present to Queensland ! He says he ' has been informed' that convicts would be wel comed in that colony. Of course he has been hoaxed, and of this the friends of Queensland now in England hare' hastened to assure -him. The only colony on the continent that would receive convicts is Western Australia, an unfor tunate exception to the rule of prosperous coloni sation in this part of the world ;— but . even Western Australia would raise an indignant pro test against an inundation of garotters. We have said that the proposal to send convicts to Australia proceeds also from a want of informa tion as to the geography of Australia, and the possibilities of inland traffic. It is doubtless supposed that if a convict settlement were esta blished in Cambridge Gulf, communication with the settled districts would be impossible. But this is a delusion. Stuart, Gregory, Leichardt, McKinlay, and others have prepared plenty of maps and tables of distances for convict excur sionists, who would find comparatively little dif ficulty in spreading themselves along the best lines of route. They would soon be in Australia what the Arabs of the desert are in that part of the world.. Amalgamating with the natives, the result would be the appearance of a class of men combining the cunning and endurance of tfo aborigines with the worst features of the European- criminal. How can the Australias protect themselves against bushrangers who would be infinitely more to be dreaded than the brigands of the Abruzzi in the country they infest P If garotters cannot be prevented from plying- their vocation in England, where popula tion is concentrated, where there ia a standing army, a force of 150,000 volunteers,* -and enor mous bodies of well diiciplined police, how could we restrain them here P Let the people of England consider our circumstances. We have about a hundred police- troopers to guard the whole colony, stationed sometimes in detach ments of one man each! — sometimes two men — in very important localities perhaps three men at one station ; these stations 30, 50, or 100 miles (and sometimes much further) apart. Before an influx of garrotting bushrangers our handful of police would be utterly powerless, and for England to save London by throwing its criminals into Australia would be equivalent to sending an infant to the rescue when a giant had failed. So monstrously unjust, indeed, is the. proposal to make Australia the receptacle of the dregs of English crime that we feel ashamed to be found arguing against a suggestion that ought to be treated as purely incredible ; but whilst a learned Judge on the English Bench suggests that course, and whilst a section of the -English community is found supporting it, we are constrained to protest, although with a con viction that the Legislature and Executive of Great Britain will only need to look at the picture to turn from it with indignation and scorn. ? Bah/way accidents are ' plentiful as black berries' in the old country, but they are, happily very rare occurrences here. By this we mean that railway casualties involving serious injuries, either to person or property, are .rare; there are, no doubt, occasional accidents of a trifling nature— but these do not call for more than a passing remark. On Thursday, the 12th inst., there was, however, an accident of more than ordinary, importance, and which was within a trifle of proving calamitous in its results. It appears that the 4.30 train left Adelaide for Elapunda with numerous passengers, who had been to town to see the Agricultural Show. Two engines drew the train as far as Gawler, where it arrived* ' all right.' At Gawler, many of the passengers alighted, having reached their desti nation, and there was then a general redistribu tion of the remaining passengers, some of whom were ordered out of the carriages they occupied and drafted into others, go that a portion of the train might be detached. It is alleged that Mr. Hare, under whose instructions this shifting of passengers was effected, behaved rudely and insolently, compelling the passengers to alight before the train reached the'platform, and when, of course, it was a matter *of some difficulty for females and elderly people to effect a descent to the ground. We ought, however, to state that if Mr. Hare was uncivil to some, he was not to all, inasmuch as Mrs. Williams ' thought from Mr. Hare's manner at Gawler Town that he was sincerely anxious to accommodate every body in the best possible manner.' The pro bability is that Mr. Hare was civil to those who were submissive, and uncivil to those who ob jected. Mr. Hare is a very energetic and hard working officer, but he should remember that people do not like to be ' bounced' — not even by the ' Manager of Railways.' He has doubt less heard the remark that ' civility is like an air cushion -, there may be nothing in it, but it eases one's jolts very materially.' It may be perfectly true that Mr. Hare, as he says, is 'Master' — but it does not follow he should parade that great fact .whenever a passenger ventures to express an opinion. And in con nection with the Gawler Town ' change of car riages,' we . would aBk ' why were not the .Gawler passengers put into carriages by themselves, , and the. Kapunda passengers by themselves P Changing carriages is a great nuisance, and' ought to be avoided. On the . English railways carriages are labelled with the names of the principal stations, ,so that passengers going to a particular station enter the carriage so 'marked, and as the car riages are vacated they can be detached from the rest of the train without the disagreeable necessity of ordering passengers out of one car riage into anpther en, route. We 'do. not say that this classification' could be carried out strictly here, or that it would be necessary to adopt it at all as regards intermediate and unimportant stations. But certainly, as far as the principal stations are concerned, this very useful rule of English lines might be observed, Gawler passen gers going into Gawler carriages, Kapunda pas sengers into Kapunda carriages, 'thus obviating all changing on the journey, and enabling car riages vacated at Salisbury or ^Gawler to be detached from the train, if necessary. It iB no doubt very desirable that a carriage should be set apart for ladies only, and that into this carriage gentlemen should not be allowed to intrude ; but then a rule of this kind should be carried out in its integrity, and Mr. Hare has no more right to enter the ladies' carriage than has any other passenger in that tram. The Commissioner of Public Works has required Mr. Hare to report formally upon the charge made against; him of proposing to sit upon the knee of one of the ladies in the carriage set apart for their use. He had no right to enter the carriage, and, although the bare idea of a man of Mr. Hare's tonnage proposing to sit upon a lady's knee, carries with it the idea of an extravagant joke, still even his jokes were out of place in a carriage which' he could only have entered in -violation of his own rules. It was, we dare say, nothing more than Mr. Hare's free and easy manner ; nothing more than a little bit of that rough and rude pleasantry wherewith he tries to make himself agreeable. But though some may appreciate this kind of thing, others do not like it, and we hope he will take our nint in gooa pare ; lor we assure mm tnat lie gives offence to an immense number of people, and precisely when he tries to be agreeable. Mr, Hare's intrusion into the ladies' carriage appears to have taken place between Gawler and Hoseworfchy. : After the train was lightened at Gawler one of the engines was detached, and the carriages, drawn by the other engine, proceeded on its journey. It reached Bose-worthy without any incident occurring save and except the one above alluded to. The spare engine followed on to Boseworthy, and was there employed by Mr. Hare in shunting some trucks, preparatory to its being sent back to town with a load of wheat. When the passenger-train had got about two miles ahead, Mr. Hare — who had alighted at Soseworthy — ordered the spare engine to go after the train and give ife a push up the incline towards Freeling. The driver was not a regular engine-driver, but one of the mechanics — a sober steady man, though not folly qualified for conducting so critical an operation as that of overtaking and joining his engine to a train in motion. He miscalculated the momentum of his engine, and instead of pressing on gently to the train, struck it a blow, which was felt all through, and which produced various bruises and lacerations, though happily no limbs were broken. It was, however, neces sary to send for a medical man immediately on the arrival of the train at Kapunda, and this was done immediately by the thoughtfulness and care of the station-master at that place. It is remarkable that neither the driver of the sup plementary engine nor the Gawler Town Station master, who was on the engine with him, had the remotest idea of any mischief being done, although they were conscious that there had been rather a smart stroke. Still, they say, it was not felt on the engine to any extent that would eutfgesttke oceurreuce tf$u, awideat, and on their return to Boseworthy they reported to Mr. Hare that they had left the train ' all right.' There is, it is also said, no trace of any collision discernible on the part of the engine or on the buffers of the carriage that was struck.. There has been a great deal of official corres pondence on this subject. Mr. Hare has de manded 'reports' from his subordinates, and the Commissioner of Public Works has de manded full explanations on all points from Mr. Hare. It appears that one cause of the acci dent is the inadequacy of the rolling stock to meet the requirements of the present heavy and exceptional traffic. So urgently are the railway authorities pressed to clear off the immense quantities of grain that are daily pouring into the various stations, and in many cases left ex posed to the weather, that the engines are at work day and night, the regular engine-drivers being quite unequal to the demands of this excessive traffic, and the employment of other mechanics being absolutely indispensable. Such is the plea, namely — that the resources of the line are utterly over-taxed, that shifts and expe dients have to be resorted to which, in the ordi nary state of trade, would not be needed, and that the necessity of first detaching an engine to shunt the trucks, and then sending it after the train, to push the carriages up the incline, were incidents arising out of the present extra ordinary demands upon the rolling stock, neces sitating all kinds of expedients in order to get through the work. Our contemporary, the Register, upon hearing of this accident, dispatched a special reporter, to Kapunda to examine witnesses, take evidencei andgive a formal report of the matter. Had the Government refused or even delayed to institute an inquiry, this course might have been proper, but it Btrikes us as something far transcending the ordinary functions of newspapers to insti tute quasi judicial proceedings of this kind. Our contemporary does not state whether the witnesses were examined on oath, though we presume they were, nor does he name the medical witness by whom the nature and extent of the wounds inflicted were certified. Perhaps our contemporary went prepared to officiate as a bone-setter as well as a magistrate, and so furnished himself with splints and bandages as well as with note-book and pencil. Our own correspondent informs us that it is said some of the injured persons intend suing the Government for damages, and if so, the previous formal examination of the probable witnesses by the Register's own ' Stipendiary ' is scarcely compatible with a fair trial on ori ginal testimony. At all events, if newspapers are to issue ' Special Commissions,' and insti tute quasi- magisterial investigations into cases that may afterwards come into Courts of law — if they may examine witnesses with all the for mality of counsel in the Supreme Court— it may possibly be entertaining as au example of jour nalistic versatility, but we doubt whether it will be at all conducive to the public good. The publication of the fullest information, obtained through the ordinary channels of news— is the duty of the journalist — but it is certainly a new idea for reporters to act as magistrates and counsel, conducting judicial investigations, and examining witnesses. One more word. It would materially aid in the satisfactory managementofourpublicdepartments if persons aggrieved would communicate with the heads of those departments. The Commissioner of Public Works has received no complaint from any individual whatever on the subject of the late collision, and it may be that other accidents occur which never come to his knowledge. We think it would be well if persons who have com plaints to make, or suggestions to offer, especially when there are obvious reasons for not commu nicating with subordinate officers, would at once correspond with the Minister responsible for the department complained of. This would operate as a great -check upon irregularities, and would be the surest way of effecting the speedy correc tion of abuses. We recently invited attention to the impor tant question of the revision of the tariff, and expressed a hope that the subject would not be treated with indifference by the mercantile community. It would be really deplorable if a weighty matter like this were to be aban doned to chance by those most immediately concerned in its careful adjustment, or were to be surrendered by merchants and traders to be made a political football of by political rivals. Whether our imports are to be duty free or taxed, and if taxed whether they are all to be taxed or only a -portion, also whether the tax shall be of equal incidence, or high in some cases and low in others, are amongst the really vital points which this great question embodies. Far be it from us to doubt the 'wisdom of the Legislature,' especially of the more active, popular, and powerful branch thereof — far be it from us to question their perfect ability to deal with all possible questions submitted to them ; but after admitting to the fullest extent the erudition, statesmanship, and general busi ness qualifications of our new Parliament, we cannot help thinking that on the subject of the tariff they might derive a little advantage from the outspoken opinions of commercial men and other competent people who have not yet 'taken their seats.' We have already expressed a hope that the Chamber of Commerce will take up the matter ; and should any member of that influential body think fit to initiate the discussion, it is further to be hpped that previous notice will be given of that intention. In Parliament, questions cannot be discussed without previous notice, and this is a most useful rule, not only in Parliamentary assemblies, but in all public bodies where 'resolutions' affecting general interests are passed. Notice being duly given, persons interested in the subject matter of discussion are forewarned to attend. Notice being given, both those who support and those who oppose are more likely to come armed with facts and figures, and arguments in furtherance of their particular views. There is then much greater certainty of a full discussion, and of a fair dis cussion, and much less danger of hole and corner resolutions or rash decisions. As regards the ad valorem duties, and the general question of the revision of the tariff, it would be very strange if the Chamber of Commerce took no actioD. Its records would show an eager and jealous advocacy of questions infinitely inferior in moment, whilst silence on such a subject as this would form a remarkable and, in fact, unac countable contrast. A mercantile correspondent, signing 'N'im- porte,' advises the imposition of a duty upon all ' made-up ' goods, but no duty upon goods not ' made up.' This is not a duty upon manu factured articles as distinguished from raw material. Calico, flannel, silks, and stuffs, are manufactured articles, but according to the suggestion of ' ITimporte' they would be ad mitted, as at present, duty free, the duty being levied upon them only in the event of their being imported in the shape of wearing apparel, or other articles ' made up.' Of course this sug gestion is neither more nor less than one of the many modified forms of protection ; but we are too glad to find mercantile men awaking to the importance of discussing the question, to wish to check that discussion by hastily objecting. Our correspondent could, perhaps, as an im porter, form a rough estimate of the value of the ' made-up ' goods imported into this colony, as distinguished from raw material, and manu factures not ' made up.' The revision of the tariff, though essentially «. commercial question, is also a financial question; nor can the con. sideration of revenue be separated from that of trade. As we have so recently explained at length our views on the subject of the tariff, we need not at present extend our remarks. We publish with much pleasure the letter of our correspon dent, and trust that other mercantile men will follow his example, and assist in ' ventilating ' a question upon which many and conflicting opinions yet prevail. The^numbeb of violent deaths, and deaths resulting from unknown causes, is now fearfully on the increase. Within three years the in quests held have risen nearly 50 per cent., the aggregate loss of life being something painful to think of. In 1862 as many as 151 inquests were held upon persons dying in some unusual way or other, and the details of this total are cer tainly very melancholy. The list includes eleven persons burnt, thirty-four drowned (including nine found dead in waterholes), seven killed by falling under drays, nine killed either by murder or manslaughter, ten suicides — and so on. On eighteen persons that unintelligible and pre sumptuous verdict — ' Visitation of God,' has been returned — a verdict which vainly aims to disguise actual facts, or to cover human igno rance, by alleging some special Divine inter ference with the ordinary laws of life, health, and disease. In one sense all deaths are doubt less by the ' visitation of God ' — but when such verdicts as ' died from 'causes unknown,' or ' found dead,' are recorded, as they fre quently are, it is difficult to conceive why some of these deaths by causes unascertained or un specified, might not with equal propriety have been ascribed to the ' visitation of God.' We much fear that this verdict is sometimes given as the mildest and least offensive way of bring, ing to a legal termination an enquiry productiv of anything but satisfactory results. The deaths by burning, in so small a com munity as ours, are very numerous ; eleven in 1862, and eight in 1861. In 1860 there were only three instances. Nearly one death per month by burning during the last two years is really shocking to contemplate, and the publica tion of the sad fact ought to operate as a warn ing to all persons to exercise more care, and especially as regards young children, who form the majority of these victims. The deaths from drowning, too, are very numerous, as will be seen from the following enumeration: — Drowned, 10 ; ditto by upsetting of boat, 3 ; found drowned, 3; drowned in a culvert, 2; drowned in waterholes, 9 ; drowned in a well, 4 ; drowned whilst bathing, 3 ; total deaths in 1862 by drowning, 34. In the same year 17 persons lost their lives in connection with horses and vehicles. Were these figures carried out in their due proportion to the population of Britain we should stand aghast at the awful sacrifice of human life involved. Every total would require to be multiplied more than a hundred fold, and a result would obtain that would fill society with dread. The truth is there is a recklessness and waste of human life in these colonies which is very deplorable, although it is difficult to devise any effectual means of averting this fearful loss of life, except by calling attention to the mournful truth, and leaving the facts to produce their own natural impression, and to work out their proper results. In 1862 there were 31 inquests upon fires, of which 12 cases were proved to be the work of incendiaries, and probably some of those ascribed to ' unknown causes' might have been wilful also.' The number of inquests upon fires in 1861 was 21, being ten fewer than in last year« ___ _______ a— Her Majesty's cobvette Orpheus lies a total wreck on the coast of New Zealand, and, sad to relate, nearly 200 lives have been lost with the ill-fated vessel. The intelligence reached Adelaide about 1 p.m. on Wednesday, and as the fact of the dreadful event became generally known, a most painful degree of interest was awakened. The Orpheus was one of the most beautiful vessels of her class, and her com mander (Commodore Burnett, C.B.) had recently 'promised Mr. Hawker (when that gentleman was in Tasmania), that after visiting Sydney he would go to Melbourne, and thence come to Port Adelaide. Mr. Hawker at once placed himself in communication with Major Douglas, his letter to the Major being at the time pub lished in our columns. Hundreds .of South Australian colonists have since been anticipating with great pleasure the arrival of this magnifi cent ship — but human expectations are doomed to disappointment, and so it is in thisxase. The fine ship which so many looked forward to visiting is now a masB of wreck on the iron coast of New Zealand. The scene of the disaster was Manakau Bar, near Auckland; the date, February 7th, at 1.30 p.m. The particulars of the sad event will be found elsewhere ; but it is impossible to avoid reference to the noble and self-sacrificing devo tion of the Commodore, who, refusing to quit his ship because there were still some on board, perished mournfully but gloriously at the post of honor and duty. Such heroism deserves, in deed, much more than a passing notice — not that it is rare in the British naval service, for we believe it is a point in a British naval officer's code of honor that in casualties of this kind the highest in command shall be last to leave the ship. Commodore Burnett saw the boats lowered, but would not enter one of them — not, indeed, that his life would have been saved had he done so ; but of this, of course, he could not have been aware when he made his election to standby his ill-fated vessel. He appears to have been nobly supported by his principal officers, most of whom perished with him. The Orpheus, Mr. Hawker says, was a really splendid vessel, the very model and ideal of cleanliness and good order. The most admi rable discipline was maintained, and the Commo dore himself was one of the most intelligent and agreeable seamen ever met with. He was engaged in the service of his country during the Crimean war, and for the manner in which he then fulfilled his duties he was made a C.B. The Orpheus earned twenty-four 68-pounders, and one splendid Armstrong gun throwing shot of 110 lbs. Amongst those saved from, the wreck we note the name of Sir George Grey, who may be said to have a charmed life ; also General Cameron, and a son of His Excellency Governor Barkly. The news was taken to Sydney by the Miranda, no doubt carrying full particulars in files and despatches. A petition from merchants, traders, and others now lies in the Exchange awaiting further signa tures. It is a petition to the House of Assembly for various railway improvements, and certainly it cannot be said that the petitioners are afraid of asking for plenty. The prayer is for 100 additional trucks, large new goods-shed at the Port, double lines of rails and necessary cross ings along the various wharfs, and enlargement of the goods- sheds at Adelaide, Gawler, Kapunda, and other stations where required. There is one item omitted, namely, engines; for certainly if 100 more trucks were put into requisition, there must be two more engines. The account would then stand thus : — ? 100 trucks, at £150 each ? £15,000 2 engines, at £4,500 ? 9,000 Large goods-shed at Port, say . . . 6,000 Enlargement of goods-shed at Ade laide, say ? 3,000 Do. Gawler and Kapunda ? 3,000 Other stations, say ? 2,000 Bails and crossings at wharfs, say 1,000 mm As to the first two items, there is no mistake ; the trucks and engines would cost *U that we have set down. With regard to goods sheds, if we may take as our guide the Adelaide goods shed — which . the petitioners say needs en Urging — -£5,000 would be none too much for a grand terminal store at the Port, nor would the other sums we have indicated be much, if any, in excess of what would be wanted for permanent improvements and enlarged accommodation at the Adelaide and other stations. Now there are two questions to be considered in connection with this petition : — first, can the country spare so large'a sum of money for rail way improvements? and, next, if the money can be spared, is it expedient so to spend it P What our Chancellor of the Exchequer may have in store for us — what little bon-bons of taxation and sweetmeats of finance — we cannot tell ; but looking at the present income of the colony, and the demands upon that income, we fear there is but little chance of the House of Assembly finding themselves in possession of very large sums of money for railway pur poses. Then, supposing there was plenty of money, is it expedient to spend so much in the way indicated? ? No doubt for the last few weeks the traffic of the railway has been altogether beyond the capabilities of the rolling-stock ; but this huge traffic is altogether exceptional, and if our trucks, engines, and rolling-stock generally were augmented so as to enable the traffic of January, February, and March to be moved along with ease and regularity, one third of that costly and valuable stock would be lying idle nine months out of the twelve? The question therefore arises, ought our railway rolling-stock and our railway staff to be measured and regulated according to the requirements of two or three months' ex ceptional trade, or according to the ordi nary business of the year ? Probably the memorialists are asking for a little more than they want, in order that they may not get a great deal less than tbey need. Last year Mr. Hare asked for about 50 new trucks, and probably 50 new trucks and a new engine will be required. As regards trucks, however, we believe delays have arisen through persons at the Port neglecting to clear the trucks on arrival, but it is certainly unrea sonable for consignees of produce to delay the trucks by neglecting to take out the stuff on arrival. The request for additional store room is not ill- founded, although we remember that the Government were ridiculed for building so large a shed and station at Kapunda, which now prove to be inadequate to the wants of the dis trict in the busy season. No doubt application will be made to Parliament for funds to pur chase additional rolling stock, but we think that the country cannot afford to lock up its capital nine months out of the twelve, and that with a little extra outlay on the part of the Govern ment, and a little forbearance on the part of those who use the railway, the busy season that just follows harvest may be got over without any very serious inconvenience. When thb Fbesch Wine Tbeatt was finally ratified, it was agreed by common consent that thenceforward pure, light, wholesome wines — the juice of the grape— would speedily supersede the use of dragged ports and brandied sherries. And there was reason in the prophecy, for who had not heard of the vile mixings decorated with the names of those two famous old wines P Who had not heard that there was more port con sumed in London each year than was produced in all Portugal ; and who had not seen in print, verified, too, by indubitable authority — an exact list of all the drugs and chemicals that went to makeup sherry, whether ' golden ' or ' natural standard,' ' pale,' or ' brown ' or ' dry P' The fact is, all England knew that wine was not wine, but merely a chemist's compound ; but ' use is second nature/'^and people drank their decoctions of logwood and brandy without wincing, fox it was the fashion to do it, and there was no escape., But when Mr. Gladstone's famous Wine Treaty opened up a prospect of really good light wines being brought within the means of the mass of .consumers, there was a general prediction that Oporto and Xeres would have to shut up. Claret and Burgundy, and other pure and light vintages, would always have been preferred had they been equally accessible with (so-called) ports and sherries, and now that they were so, the true national taste of England would quickly vindicate itself. Alas ! for the prophets ; a result totally unex pected has obtained ! Not, however, that the new treaty did not inerease the English con sumption of French wines, for it did ; but it also increased, and very largely, the consump tion of those v6ry wines that it was expected to put out of the market. Tuub, prior to 1861, the average English consumption of French wines was 600,000 gallons, but in 1861 the quantity entered was 1,600,000 gallons. Some of the London papers, in pointing out this great increase treat it as increase of consumption in 1861, and not a journal that we have seen points out the probability that heavy stocks were laid in against the Great Exhibition of 1862, when French wines might be reasonably expected to come into extensive consumption on account of the great influx of French and other continental visitors. But the most remarkable fact is, that the increased consumption- of French wines led to an increased consumption of the old ports and sherries, Spanish wines in 1861 advancing from 2,900,000 to 4,100,000 gallons, and Portuguese from 2,000,000 to 2,800,000 gallons. So far, therefore, it appears that the only result of the French Wine Treaty was to bring about an enormous increase of wine- drinking generally, without any particular reference to the kind of wines favored by that treaty. These figures have greatly disappointed those who thought that the English public only needed to taste a ' pure light wine' in order at once to discard their fiery and drugged potations. South Australian winegrowers have for several years past been anxiously watching the educa tion of English taste in the matter of wine drinking, believing that the produce of South Australia would to some extent fill up those voids in cellars innocent of port and sherry. Nor are we, now, to suppose that John Bull will always drink druggists' decoctions rather than the pure juice of the grape ; but in the mean while we are forced to admit a greatly increased demand for hot and strong port and sherry, con currently with every facility for procuring lighter, purer, and more refreshing vintages. The Times, in starting this point, is puzzled to account for it, and after saying that ' claret would be port if it could,' quits the subject of pure wines and drugged wines, to run a tilt at the fraudulent bottles misnamed 'quarts.' This is, doubtless, a very practical question, but; it does not elucidate the mystery of John Bull preferring drugged mixtures to pure wine, for the fraudulent little bottles are used for all sorts. The Examiner, in a smart leader on the subject of the depraved popular taste, attributes it to bad cookery, as follows :— ' In lands where light wines are the common beverage, cookery relieves the stomach of much of the work of digestion. In France especially, the cook does it nearly all in stews that gently simmer. The degrees of heat that go to a dinner in France and in England are probably nearly the same in amount, but here they are intensified, oompreBaed in the shortest space of time by the most ardent fuel, while in France they are distributed, lengthened out by the mild charcoal stove or wood fire. The pot au feu is aa institution, at tlw bottom, of aU the excellence. of French ^ookery. The pot au feu is inca . pable of boiling. It aits by the fire patiently, and gently doing its wort, and above ail, taking its time, and would as soon think of sitting on the fire to boil as any of tts would do to bom. Wifli ub there are commonly two applications of blazing fire to roast and boil both at the greatest possible speed. The result is huge lumps of meat difficult of mastication, and still more of digestion. Fiercely as fire has been employed it has only half done the work of fire in the culi nary business. So when an Englishman has eaten his plain roast or boiled joint, he feels the necessity of something supplemental to his kitchen fire to do what it lias left undone, and he proceeds to light a fire in his stomach to perfect the work of digestion. This he does by a sort of spirit lamp. He swallows some preparation of alcohol under [the name of port or sherry. If he had the benefit of the art of cookery he would want no such fiery stimulus. The Frenchman, who has the benefit of cookery properly so called, takes a tumbler of wine and water, rises lightly from table, and goes off to a theatre or drawing-room. The Englishman, after Ms lumps of heavy meat, must have his brandied port or sherry, and repose for two' or three hours till the heat he has pu£ into his stomach completes what the cookery has left undone. Sometimes the stimulus is in the directer shape of spirit and water, or spirit pure, sometimes of beer, according to circumstances and tastes, but stimulus always follows English cookery as its accuser and reproach. Some coarse stimulus or other perpetually cries shame on our diet. Whenever, or if ever, the art culinary dawns on our benighted land rosy Bordeax wines will attest its presence s-andViairouch an era of light meals and easy aigeBjion/ ' Bat ^pilp|^:.^i|^eiare without anything worthy of il&-iiame of cookery our state of bar .btjpBmjnE Jfe; ^eyincea by fiery potationB Bueh .;;' &.'£$. ??af&!£$iW!'if& 'Wgne. Whenever our palates ^.,o.Jjr-'.Ja3SBji^ter treated they will revolt against the -' '_'£? ^coarse djinke now in use, and appreciate ihe 1 ^delicate flavors of the light wines of France and Germany, but till that far distant day arrives coarse eating and coarse drinking will go to gether. To unite these two things was the ex press object of Mr. Gladstone's licensing legis ation, but he had not considered how the incor rigible vice of British cookery would, spoil all Ms calculations.' This is very smart ; and is, in fact, much too ^_ pleasantly written to provoke severe criticism. We will, therefore, merely remark that Mr. F. W. Cosens, whose circular we published on the arrival of the last mail, attributes the con tinued preference given to port and sherry to the fact that, under the French treaty, a great deal of bad wine has been sent over to England. Where French wines are really good,, says Mr. Cosens, there has been a large increase in the consumption, claret being sold At a permanent rise of 50 or 60 per cent., the consumption being only limited by the supply procurable. 'A wine (says Mx. C.) may be seductively chris tened a ' light, pure, wholesome, or with bouquet,' but if that wine be' bad, because in the English consumer's estimation it is not palatable, he will not drink it if he can obtain it for nothing. The taste of wine-drinking Englishmen is a perfectly unprejudiced one, formed upon a comparison of the produce of every known district. France, Italy, Germany, Hungary, Peru, Madeira, Sicily, Portugal, Spain, &c;, all send their growths to our London depots; every merchant has them on his price list and in his cellar. Such being the case, it is hard to say that the consumer's estimate of quality is erroneous, because every Spaniard declares the earth produces no good wine but sherry, every Portuguese port,* and every Frenchman claret, burgundy, or cham pagne; the country of one wine naturally resembles the man of one idea. There is abun dance of bad port and sherry as there is bad claret, &c.; ; but in Portugal and Spain the grower is content to vend the wine the purchaser selects and considers good, drinking or distilling the residue without troubling the consumer with bis private opinion upon its merits, although he ,- may conscientiously believe the rejected to be 'light, pure, wholesome, with considerable bouquet, and free from acidity.' ' The French treaty is the great fact of a great commercial era ; but it is useless for French winegrowers to export common growths of little or no value in iheir own country, and be .disap pointed if unprejudiced Englishmen stigmatize them as inferior, ignoring the grower's definition of their merits, while trusting to their own palates.' There is no doubt that Mr. Cosens, in the concluding sentences of the above extract, hits the right nail on the head, and as we believe his observations are equally applicable to the export wine trade of this colony, we have been induced thus prominently to reproduce them in onr columns. . - 