THE NEWS OF THE DAY. ? -*m ? The long sossion of Parliament— probably the longest that has ever been known in this colony— is to bs brought to a closo, at least, so tho Government intend, in the courso of a week or ten days. With tho viow of enabling this consummation to he effected, a resolution was agreed to in the Assembly last evening thnt tho Houso should, for the re mainder of tho session, sit on Mondays. The Land Act Amendment Bill, after a long and wearying discussion, passed through Committee, in tho Legislative Assembly, last night. The various now clauses proposed by tho Government, having teen agreed to, and tho propositions of amendment, advanced by sevoral hon. members, dealt with, tho bill was reported to tho Houso, and its considera tion made an order of the day for Monday next. One of the most barefaced robberies which has occurred for some time was perpetrated within tho oity at a comparatively early hour on Thursday evening last. During tho absence of Mr aud Mrs Solomon at tho Mayor's ball, a man called at their house in Lonsdalo street, which is situated nearly opposite tlie Hospital, shortly after ten o'clock, aud inqnired of tho servant girl if Mr Solomon was at homo. She roplied that he had only recently gone out, and might not bo back for some time, and he thon asked if ho might be allowed to wait hia return, as his business was urgent ? Admittance was, however, prudently denied him, and he then loft, with tho intimation that he might call again. The servant-girl took no further hoed of the matter, but went to bed about twelve o'clock, as she did not expect Mr and Mrs Solomon home until an early hour. She had not been many minutes, however, in her room when sho heard a slight noise in the kitchen, as of some ono endeavoring to open a ?window. Though her fears were then partly aroused she paid little attention to it, as sho wa3 alone in the house, and did not wish, if possible, to unnecessarily alarm herself; but, on hearing tho noise repeated, she summoned up oourago and entered the Idtcheu. She then found tho windou* open, and, on looking about, observed a man, with his face blackened, crouching under the table. In aminuto afterwards, aud boforo she had time oven to cry out forassistanco, tho villain knocked her down, aftor which ho forced her upstairs to her own bedroom, and then tied her hands and foot to the bod. This done, ho ran sacked the houso in every direction for nearly an hour, but fortunately with but little success, as lie only secured about £5 ; and he then returned to the room, and commenced abusing tho servant in the most cowardly manner. Ho evidently intended to assault her, as sho was thon entirely in his power, but, happily, his designs were frustrated by a loud knocking at the front door, announcing the return of tho master and mistress. Thus foiled, with a deep, hearty curse, he hurriedly mado his escape by tho back premises. The girl, of courso, was unable to rise to 'open tho door, and after some delay it was forced open, when she was found in the position described. From our telegrams, which appear in another column, it seems that bnshranging is largely on the incrcaso in New South Wales. Mr Bayliss,- tfre police magistrate at Wagga Wagga, was shoS 6^ Thursday by Morgan, tho bushranger, aud from the following account, which we extract from tho Ovens Constitution of tho 2Gth, it appears that ho had a narrow escape on the preceding Friday : — ' The bushrangers still pursue their work in New South Wales, and tho last outrage we hear of is tho stick ing-np of Mr Boyliss, tho police magistrate of Wagga Waggn. Mr Bayliss was riding on Friday evening, and when seven miles on tho UrauaU side of Ballenbong, he observed two armed men. They fired two shots at him without effect, and then chased him a distance of four miles. On capturing him, they proceeded to search for his valuables, but wo have not been able to ascertain what they took from him. Inspector Morrow, on receiving the news, immediately started from Wagga Wagga with a couple of troopers. Mr Bayliss procured the assist ance of tho Uranah police, and a couple of troopers also started from Albury. No capturo is reported as yet,' Volunteering for New Zealand in Ballaarat at present has been discontinued, owing to a telegram received by Major Walkco on Thursday, from tho Attorney- General. Tho Star says— ' It appears that Major Wallace, perceiving by the debates iu tho Legislative Assembly that tho Government was not fuvorable to tho Now Zealand Government drafting our able-bodied population as settlers to that colony, wrote to the Government to ascertain if there was any objection to his enrolling volunteers in Ballaarat for Colonel Pitt. In reply to his communication he re ceived a telegram on Thursday from tho Attorney General, stating that as a servant of the Govern ment of Victoria, it would be ont of place for him to do so. Whereupon ho issued notices signifying that ho would not receive any more applications. Several persons, however, attended during the day, and offered themselves for service in New Zealand, but the Major would not have anything to do with them and sent them away, much to their chagrin. Wo understand that Colonel Pitt will bo in Ballaarat next week, when it is probable that steps will bo taken to open a depot in this town for tho enrolment of volunteers.' Messrs Wittkowsld Brothers, of Collins street west, have, for some months past, been engaged in tho manufacture of cigars, but, up to tho present time, they have made but littlo exertion to dispose of any of thoir produce, being unwilling to do so until tho cigars were perfectly dry arid fit for con sumption. Some time since wo gave an account of tho manufactory established by this firm, and, yes terday, we paid another -visit to it. All the cigars made by tho Messrs Wittkowsld are of a superior character, as it is upon the first-class article only that tho deferential duty will insure a remunerative profit. Tho tobacco used by tho firm is tho best imported Havaunah, aud the price landed and delivered here avorages 9s Gd per lb. Thoy inform us that colonial grown tobacco has not yet attained sufficient perfection for tho manufac ture of cigars, but they consider that when its cul tivation it better understood, thero is no rea son why tho finest leaf should not bo produced hero. Tho Messrs Wittkowsld at present employ about forty men, and mako from 20,000 to 25,000 cigars per week. Tho firm began tho manufacture of cigars about eight months since, and they stato that they have now a large quantity in prime condition. These they intend to submit for sale at public auction at an early date, but, from an advertisement in another column, we perceivo that they iuvito the public to a gratuitous smoko at tho Critorion Hotel, between the hours of half-past two o'clock and five, in ordor that tho value and quality of tho colonial production may be thoroughly tested. The case of M'Lea v. Nixon, which has been pending in tho County Court for some tinio, and which has excited considerable interest in political circles, from the fact of its being understood that certain disclosures would bo mado in reference to tho retirement from parliamentary life of Mr Nixon, was called on for hearing before assessors yesterday. Expectation was, howo7cr, doomed to disappoint ment, for upon tho causo being called on, no plaintiff appeared. Mr Suodgrass, M.u.A., who had been summoned as a witness by the defendant, was present Mr Nixon also mado affidavit to tho effect that his solicitors had been unablo to servo a summons upon tho plaintiff, requiring his attendance, and that they could not ascertain his address from tho attorney in tho case, or from any other source. Judgo Pohl man said tho caso must be postponed until the de fendant wns able to discover tho plaintiff, and the case was accordingly adjourned. Mr Win. Frazer, M.L.A., appeared at tho City Court, yesterday, for tho second time, to answer a chargo of drunkenness and disorderly conduct and assaulting tho polico. Mr Frazer was a guest at tho Mayor's Fancy Dress Ball, and when the principal guests wero leaving ho obstructed the pathway. The remonstrance of tho police only evoked an ebullition of increased violence, and tho upshot of the matter was, that Sergeants Pcwtrcss and Andrews considered themselves justi fied in arresting Mr Frazor for assaulting them in tho execution of their duty. They also charged him with being drunk. Tho defendant was locked up all night in tho common cell in which those arrested upon the ordinary night charges are incarcerated, and bail for his appearance was refused. It seems that tho polico also thought it necessary to manaclo his hands behind his back, and the lacerated wrists of tho defendant testified to the harsh treatment he had received. Tho main facts of tho charge did not appear to bo disputed, and the bench inflicted a fine of £4, with 20s costs. At tho City Court, yesterday, a respectably dressed person, named J. G. Spencer, was charged with boing a rogue and a vagabond. It appeared that the defendant, under tho pretence of boing a duly accreditod agent to collect moneys for a mission to tho Maories, had solicited a subscrip tion from Dr Embling. The Rev. Mr Goethe stated ho had given Mr Spencer permission to use his name, but he had received no authority to collect for tho mission. Tho caso was dismissed. The half-yearly meeting of tho St. Kilda and Brighton Railway Company, advertised to bo held yesterday, lapsed for want of a quorum. The fifth anuiversary of tho Wesley Church, Lonsdale street, will bo celebrated on Monday evening, by tho annual tea and public meeting. Addresses will be delivered on the occasion by a number of clorgymen of various denominations, and also by several lay gentlemen connected with the congregation. To-morrow, also, tho anuiversary sermons will be preached — in tho morning and afternoon by tho Rev. Joseph Daro, and in the evening by tho Rev. Win. Taylor, of California. In another column will bo found a report of tho Registrar- General of Victoria, founded on tho census returns of 1801, showing tho birthplaces of tho people of tho colony at that date. It appears that— out of the total population of 340,322— 492,403 : were British subjects, 40,787 wero subjects of foreign powers, and thero were 1132 the nature of whose allegianco was un'known. The numbor of native born Australians is returned at 158,000, of whom 138,000, or rather moro than ono-fourth of tho antire population, wero born in Victoria. The Eug iish nuinbored 109,580, or nearly a sixth of tho population ; tho Scotch 60,701, or about a ninth ; the Irish 87,100, or about a sixth ; and tho Welsh 0055, or about 1 por cent. Tho East Indians of British extraction num bered 054, or one iu every 833, and tho East Indians of native races 204, or one in every 2500. Thorramber of those bom at sea was 1840, of both sexes, or ono in every 294. The Australians num bered 32 per cent, of tha British subjects in the colony, the English. 3a,. the Scotch 12, the Irish 18, tho Welsh little morn than 1, and all others with British names nearly 2. By far tho largest number of foreigners settled in Victoria were Chinese ; they numbered 24,732, or one in every 22 of tho popu lation, and 53 per cent, of all tho foreigners in the colony ; the Germans numbered 10,418, or one in every 52, or 22J per cent ; the Americans, 2554, or one in every 213, or 5 per cent ; the French, 3 per cent. ; and tho residue of all other nations 10 per cent. Tho proceedings in the Assembly, yesterday, were of a very uninteresting character. In tho courso of the early business, Mr A. J. Smith called tho atten tion of tho Chief Secretary to a report that many of the volunteers to New Zealand were married men with families ; and asked whether the Government pro posed taking any steps to require that provision should be made for those dependent on them whom they would leave in this colony. Mr M'Culloch acknowledged the. importance of tho suggestion, but stated that tho Government had no power to give oflect to it. At the weekly meeting of tho executive committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, tho superintendent made the following return : — Number of inmates in the Home, as reported last week, 580 ; admitted since, 192 ; persons who have received out-door relief, 101 ; total relieved, 873. Discharged from the Homo during tho week, 206 ; total at present remaining, 5G6. Consisting of children chargeable to tho Government, 389 ; cases chargeable to tho society, 177. Mr M'Cann, M.L.A., was summoned before the Geelong Police Court, yesterday, to answer a chargo which had boon preferred against him, of commit ting wilful and corrupt perjury during hia examina tion as prosecutor in tho recent case for libol against Mr Sidders, tho proprietor of the Geelong Chronicle. Mr M'Kean and Mr Guy prosecuted, and Mr Har wood appeared for Mr M'Caun. Before the case was inquired into an objection was raised that the gammons was insufiiciont, as it contained no specific charge of porjnry against Mr M'Cann, but merely set out that ho had committed it in tho course of his examination. The objection was argued at consider ablo length on both sides, after which, by way of amending the summons, Mr Siddors deposed, on oath, as to the perjury which ho alleged had boon committed, and tho caso was thon adjourned until that day week. A full report of the proceedings will bo found in another column. A deputation introduced by tho hon. Mr M'Crae, M.L.C., tho hon. Mr Jeunor, M.L.C., Mr Morton, M.L.A., Mr Humffray, M.L.A., and Mr M'Cann, M.L.A., waited on tho hon. tho Commissioner of Roads and Railways on Thursday last, for tho pur pose of protesting, on behalf of a number of the rate payers of Ballaarat against the sum of £500, granted by tho hon. Mr Mitchell while in office, for tho im provement of the Main road, boing expended by tho municipal council in kerbing and channelling a por tion of Sturt stroot for a public market, which tho deputation represented would bo an obstruction in such a situation. Mr Grant promisod that ho would communicate with tho council and require there to refrain from entering into any contract pending further inquiries into tho matter. A deputation from tho municipal council of Brunswick applied on Thursday last, to the hou. tho Commissioner of Lands and Survey, to havo a strip of Crown land lying between tho municipal boundary and tho Royal Park granted to the municipality by way of endowment. Mr Heales stated that he had no power to accede to tho application, but he thought there would bo no objection to sell tho land, or to proclaim it as a municipal common liable to bo 6old whenever tho Government might consider it expedient to do so. After Borne conversation on tho subject, it was arranged that tho deputation should further consider tho mattor, and communicate with tho de partment as to which of tho two courses suggested they would prefer to havo carried out. A deputation, consisting of Mr Keofer, tho chair man of tha municipality of Bcechworth, and another councillor, waited, on Thursday, on the hon. the Commissioner of Mines, to request a grant for the municipal waterworks of £2500. Tho deputation was introduced by Mr Weekes. Prior to entering on the business of the deputation, Mr Sullivan asked for some explanation from Mr Keef er, relativo to the expenditure of £139 by a former deputation from Beechworth, insinuations having been thrown out to the effect that the greater portion of that sum had been expended in subsidising members of Par liamont. Mr Keefer donied that ho had ever mado any such statemont. He had, however, 3aid, that when in Melbourne, tho deputation, consisting of himself and another gentleman, found staying in town very oxpensive, as they had to bo continually running about from department to department, and from ono member of Parliament to another, in order to make their wants duly understood and appreci ated. Under these circumstances, Having Been nvo or six weeks in town, travelled two hundred miles each way, and transacted a groat deal of business successfully, tho Beechworth council was satisfied with the expenditure, and he certainly did not see, under those circumstances, what right the news papers had to call it in question. As to charging members of Parliament with bribery and corruption in any form, thoy never did anything of tho kind. Mr Sullivan remarked that tho explanation entirely alterod tho complexion of tho case, and aftor some discussion with the deputation, upon the subject of their mission, he promised to bring the matter undor the notice of his colleagues, and he said he would then givo a definite answer. A new musical composition, the production of Mr G. O. Rutter, aud technically styled a ' Mass,' is to be performed for the first time to-morrow, at the morning service in St. Francis's Catholic Cathedral. A similar work, so far as we can learn, has not before been attempted in the colony. A deputation, consisting of Dr. Macadam, M.L.A., Mr G. Smyth, M.L.A., Mr Ramsay, M.L.A., and members of the municipal council of Ca3tlemaine, had an interview yesterday with the hon. the Commissioner of Roads and Railways, for the purpose of presenting and supporting memorials from the ratepayer1) of Castlomaine, and the inhabitants of the district, praying that the foundry, erected by Messrs Oornish and Bruce, should be purchased by the Government, and carried on as a Government establishment, because of tho great advantages that would result froin a foundry in so central a position. BIr Grant stated that the Enginecr-iu-Cliief had on a former occasion reported unfavorably with respect to asiinilar proposition. That gentleman considered it would no be advisablo to have such an establishment so far iu land, especially as there were extensive workshops, conveniently situated, on the seaboard. Under these circumstances, he said ho could not hold out to the deputation any hope of their application being granted. A special meeting of the Saudridge Municipal Council, called for tho purpose of considering the question of financial retrenchment, was held last ni^ht, Dr. Plummer in tho chair. Cr. May, in intro ducing the subject of financial retrenchment, said that it must bo evident to uny ono who had looked at the fiuaucial condition of tho municipality that it was high timo to set about curtailing tho expendi ture. Thero were two ways pf accomplishing this, namely — either by a reduction in tho salaries of the present staff of officers, or by amalgamating as much as possible their duties. Ho was in favor of the latter alternative, and would, therefore, mako the following suggestions for the approval of the council. 1\. That tho offices of town clerk and rate-collector be combined, and the duties bo performed by the present town clerk, at a salary of £200 per annum. 2\. That the duties of surveyor and inspector of nui sances be performed by one person, at a salary of £120 per annum. Tho suggestions were considered seriatim, and, after a long and animated debate, agreed to as follows ;— The present town clerk to perform his ordinary work and th.*i .oI ru u'Cu' *'? at a salary of £200i«r annum ; 8«cW«1^'n™ ' to take effect on the striking of the new t»1»-a*01I- x * the offices of surveyor and inspector of wvi»Oce^ c combined, at a salary of £156 per anunul, ft'*4 ^ a tho time occupied in tho performance of such (fwticb bo nine hours every lawful day, exclusive of attend ance at council meetings ; and that tho clerk be in structed to call for tenders for applications. It is anticipated that the now regulations will lead to a saving of something like £100 per annum. A meeting of the shareholders of the Bendigo Waterworks Company was held yesterday afternoon, at 04 Elizabeth street. A report was submitted by tho directors, stating that a valuation of the tene ments along the lino of their supply, to which ser vice pipes could bo adapted, had proved them to be of the annual value of upwards of £29,700, an assessment, on which amount would afford n considerable addi tion to the company's revenue, and at tho samo timo admit of a reduction being made in the price of water. The directors did not propose now to en deavor to obtain a bill authorising them to impose a district water rato; but intended to do so at a future time. . It was intended as soo' as practicable to commence tho excavation of Reservoir No. 8, intended to act as an auxiliary to No. 7, now overilowing. Tho excavation of the reservoir in Golden square was proceeding on a tribute system of excavation for auriferous pur poses, which, employing nineteen men and ten horses, in place of costing thecompany anything, re turned them a slight profit. The report was adopted, and also the financial statement, showing an income of £1348 18s 6d for the half-year; a current ex penditure of £829 9s lOd ; and a balance of profit, £522 15s 2d; which, however, did not acciao to the company, since it, and something additional, was absorbed in the payment of interest on the bauk loan. The report was unanimously adopted. Messrs Daires and Turner wero re-elected directors for tho ensuing year. Tho remuneration of the auditors, for each half-yearly examination of the accounts, was roduced from £5 5s to £3 3s each. Mr John Monroe was re-elected auditor. Tho chair man stated that negotiations wero ponding for the renewal cf tho company's loan from the National Bank; and requested the co-operation of tho share holders in reducing the liabilities of tho company. The proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to tho chairman and directors. An inquest was held, yesterday, by Dr Youl, on tho body of a woman named Eliza Jane Council, aged 33 years, who died on tho previous day from sanguiuoous apoplexy, induced by long continued intoxication. Win. Council, the husband of the deceased, said that she, who had gene rally enjoyed good health, was much given to drink. When ho came homo on Friday the 21st, ho found tho door locked, and in order to get in, he had to break tho window. On entering the room, ho found tho der,oasod lying in sensible on tho floor. Thinking she had been drinking, he put her to bed. She remained thero all the next day. Witness wished to send for a doctor, but the deceased refused. Sho remained in bed until her death, -which took place on the evening of tho 27th instant. Catherine Woods said she brought homo the decoased on Thurs day, tho 20th, in a state of intoxication, which made it difficult to manage her. AVitness did not soe her again until the following Sunday morning, at which time she appeared to bo sensible. About nine o'clock on Tuesday morning, tho deceased who was then 'quite insensible, was soon by witness in bod, and sho was breathing loudly. On Thursday night sho was very drunk and had a fall, but did not complain of being hurt. Dr Fitzgerald said he was called in on Monday evening to soo deceased. He found tho husband and servant both drunk, and, the deceased being quite insensible, he could not learn the history of tho case. Ho, however, attondod her up to her death. Ho had since made a post mortem examination of the body, and was of opinion that tho cause of death was sanguineous apoplexy from constant intoxica tion. The jury found accordingly. Tho batch of immigrants who arrived last Satur day by the Southern Ocean havo not met with employers so readily as was anticipated would bo the case. As yet, a very small number indeed have left tho depOt, and these have been chiefly selected from ordinary mecha nics and persons suitablo as general ser vants. It seems unfortunate that there is no special branch of industry to which the skilled operatives from Lancashire could turn their hands with ad vantage For to-night, two of Shakspcaro's comedies aro an nounced for production at the Theatre Royal— each abounding in merit, and both splendidly cast. In addition to ' Twelfth Night' and ' Katherino and Petruchio,' tho ghost illusion is promisod — to be introduced in a brief interlude entitled ' lifteon Minutes with tho Spirits.' So amplo a bill of fare should prove attractive. 