111JS NE I TO OF THE DAY. Tlio Legislative Assembly, in its sitting of yester day, was occupied for six hours in discussing Mr Heales' Lnnd Act Amendment Bill. Mr Loader, Mr Wood, Mr Francis, Mr O'Slmnnssy, nnd other members took part in the debate, which, on tho mo tion of Mr Ramsay, was again adjourned till Tues day next. None of the speakers expressed any in tention of opposing the sccond reading, but the speech of Mr O'Shanassy, which occupied nearly two hours in delivery, was evidently spoken against timo, with tho view of again securing an adjourn ment, and thereby subjecting the Ministry to petty embarrassment, iu getting through, as they intended, as early as possiblo with the business of tho ses sion. If Mr Levey, tho sapient representative for Nor manby, is to be believed, wo ought certainly all. to emigrate back to England. In the Legislative As sembly, yesterday evening, Mr Woods ventured to hint at the ' hand-to-mouth' condition of British fanners, who havo to pay enormous rents for the soil thoy cultivate, and to suggest that thoy might bo induced to become the comfortable proprietors and cultivators of land in this colony. Tho statement as to their financial position was indignantly denied by Mr Levey, who told tho IIouso that English farmers were such large capitalists, aud with them money was so abundant, that 'he staked his reputation as a politician11 (save tlio mark !) ' or anything else in asserting that ' to offer them tho possession of laud at five shillings would he no inducement to bring them hero ; they would just as readily pay two pounds. ' The hon. member for Crowlands, Mr Woods, suggested thai Mr Levey's experience of England had been confined to tho parish of St. Giles, and that, therefore, ho could not bo a good judge. Is this trne, and has he never seen an English farmer excopt at a Smitlilield cattle show ? The nomination of a mcmbor to serve in the Legislative Council for the Eastern Province, in place of the late James Stewart, Esq., deceased, takes placo at noon to-day, at Seymour. We believe there will be two candidates, Mr Thomas Craig and Mr Pinnock. * Two tickets- of-lcavo havo boon issued during the week ending tho lltli inst., tho ono to Thomas Drew, who, on the 23rd July, 1858, was sentenced to eight years' penal servitude at Melbourne, for an assault with intent to rob ; and the other to Charles Davidson alias Rushbrook alias Deans, who on the 7th February, 18G0, was sentenced to live years for burglary. The former gentleman will favor Sand hurst with his company, whilst tho latter will locate himself in tho metropolis. During the same period there wore discharged from tho penal department, liino prisoners, amongst whom we note John Griffin alias Wm. Warby alias Wamby, who on tho 15tli April, 18G1, was sentenced to threo years and a half ponal servitude for horse-stealing; Cornelius Lyons who, on the 15th July, 1861, was sentenced to two years for an indecont assault ; and Wm. Nicholson alias Crosby, wh®, on tho 15tli April, 1801, was sentenced to threo years for larceny and burglary. Mr James Sen-ice, it seems, is not likely to return to tho colony for somo considerable time, as he apparently prefers enjoying himself a little longer in tho old world. Tlie following, which we extract ? from a letter dated Paris, 24th June, written to an old friend, and received by the last mail, shows that ho is making the most of his timo, nnd is determined to soo all that is to bo soon: — ' Since I wrote to you I have visited Turin, seen Gonoa the Proud, Bailed forty-eight hours on tlio blue Mediterranean, lived in beautiful Naples, climbed Vesuvius, and explored Pompeii and Horculaneum ; dwelt in the Eternal City, with lior churches of inconcoivablo magnificence, and her ruins of ancient grandeur, gazed in wonder at tho beautiful leaning tower at Pisa, strolled through tho streets and suburbs of la belle Florence, passed through Bologna, Padua, nud a host of other famous Italian cities, glided in tho gondolas on tho waters of Venice under the full bright moon, spent a short timo in tho fine old city of Milan, sailed in British built steamers on tho Italian lakes, crossed the Alps twice, floated on tho . lovely blue waters of tho lake of Geneva, seon tho : bears at Berne, spent a few days in tho Bernese Oberland, amid lakes, water-falls, snow-peaked mountains and glaciers ; heard the fine notes of tho Alpine horn as it echoed and re echoed far away among tho hills ; spent a day and a half on the most lovely of all lakes — that of Luccrno, visitod old Bale, stood at the roulette and rouge-et-noir tables at Baden-Baden, soen Frankfort-on-the- Maine, Mayonce, and the fairy town of Wiesbaden ; sailed down the glorious Rhine, stood by tho sepulchre of tho three kings of Cologne — 'tho three wise mon from tho East,' — walked through tho fine old cathedral of Aix-la-Chapollo, wlioro tho German emperors were crowned for so many centurios, and finally come here to spend, in this magnificent city, about two weeks with Agnes, Alice and Miss Forty, whom I expect here this evonitig. There is a list for you! Can you imagine it? I liavo enjoyed the tour amazingly. It is almost as pleasant as politics or selling butter iu Melbourno. I am, I almost forgot to say, in excellent health, good spirits, and only wish all tho world was as well off. I have not thought yet anything about whou I shall return — not for another year I think unless I am required. I am enjoying myself beyond what I anticipated when I loft.' The trial of tho directors of the Provident Insti tute lias, wo learn, been fixed for tho 31st instant, before Mr Justice Barry and a special jury. Tho body of a man, namo unknown, was found yesterday in Hobson's Bay, alongsido tho Town Pior, Sandridge. It was discovered about 10 a.m., and was immediately conveyed to the niorguo, to await the result of a coroner's inquest. It is sup posed that tho body is that of tlio man who was seon to fall into the bay on the previous evening. It is apparently that of a seafaring man, about 35 years of ago, in height 5.V feet, stout build, brown hair, light brown whiskers, worn in Yankee style. Tlie body is dressed iu a brown tweed coat and check tweed vest, moleskin trousers, fancy cotton shirt, white flannel ciuglet, blucher boots und white cotton socks. Tliero was also found, at the same tiir.o and place, with tho body, a new cloth cap, with leather peak. The body contained no mark, cxcept a slight scratch on the side of the neck. There was stolen, from an open shed on Colo's Wharf, (luring tho evening of the lltli inst., ?thirteen hags of oats. The bags aro all marked, and it is very probable that, such being the case, there will be little difficulty in delecting the guilty party. A hazi'.ar in aid of tho debt extinction fund of the Baptist Church, Emerald Hill, was opened on Thursday, in the Temperance Hall, Napier street, and continued throughout yesterday. Thero was a large collection of articles, useful aud ornamental, principally the gift of members or friends of the congregation. The stalls were under tho superin tendence of the Sabbath School teachers, and other lady members of the congregation, who resorted to stratagems of the most amusing character to wile the superfluous cash from the pockets of the visitors, last night tlie pleasure of the proceedings was much enhanced by the presence of the fino band of tho Emerald Hill Volunteer Corps, who, at intervals, played several popular airs. During tho day tho visitors wero numerous, but in the evening tho lmll was crowded 4o excess. The proceeds of the sales during the ?two days amount to upwards of £70, and it is con 'fidently expected that a considerable addition to tln3 sum will be the result of the sale to-day o£ tho re mainder of the stock on hand. A respectable married womun, named Elizaboth Martin, appeared at the City Court yesterday, ou remand, on the charge of uttering a forged cheque to the amount of £300, purporting to be signed by lior husband. On being called on, tho case was immediately dismissed, as tho manner in which she had evidently been treated by her husband almost justified her in obtaining as much of his money as sho could lay her hands on, and as it was shown when the case was last before tho court that she had boon accustomed to draw out cheques in his name whilst thoy wero in business in Dunedin, and had only drawn out tho one in question in order to provide for tho support of herself and child, as ho had directed her shortly after their arrival in this colony. It appeared from the statements which wero yesterday mado to tho bench, that her husband had somo property in Dunedin, which he obtained on his marriage with her, and that he had lately mortgaged it for the sum of £2000, after which thoy both loft for Melbourno oil a visit. On reaching here ho immediately deserted her, nud in tho courso of two months ho had succeeded in wasting tho wliolo of that amount, excopt a small balance of £200, which was then iu tho bank to his credit. It was on hearing that lio was spending the money so extravagantly that sho drew out the cheque, in order to obtain a portion of it, that they might not bo left altogether penniless. In court yesterday Martin, at the instance of tho counsel who appeared in his wife's behalf, signed an agreement, in which ho vested the property with her for the support of herself and child. A young woman named Barton was brought beforo tho City Court, yesterday, on a charge of defrauding olio Charles E. Roberts, of the sum of £50, but as it was evident that the charge could not be substan tiated from the few facts related by tho prosecutor's connsel, tho cuso was dismissed. The prosecutor, it seemed, had been cajoled by tho young woman as far back as November last, into lending her the money to purchase a business, which she represented was tlion open for sale at Port Albert, and from which she could realise £0 per week. On receiving the advanco sho Invested it in a manner not agree able to tho tastes of the prosecutor, and besides, kept company with ono of his own sox, which he disliked still further ; and finding that his little speculation was in a fair way of turning out rather the roverso of profitable, lie instituted proceedings against her for tho recovery of the money, alleging that sho had defrauded him in obtaining it. Mr Sullivan yesterday info mod Mr Gillies, in tho Assembly, that a codification of tho mining byo laws took place under tho instructions of the Ileal'.* Administration, but tho work had boon accomplished in so imperfect and diffuse a manner that it would ue necessary, in order to moot the requirements for which a codification was intended, that Iho work should bo done ovor again. With respect to tho construction of tho Geelong and Ballaarat Railway loop-lino, Mr Grant stated yesterday, in reply to a question by Mr W. C. Smith, that he had not yet brought tho subject under the notico of his colleagues, as tho lato Government stated that tho linn would not bo proceeded with until tho opinion of tho IIouso was talcon on tho re port of tho commission appointed on the subject. Mr W. C. Smith then gave notico that on Friday next ho would move that tho recommendation of the commission should bo carried into offoct. A brief discussion took placo in tho Assembly yesterday, with respect to tho possibility of the Trading Companies Bill being carried through the Legislature this session, which resulted in Mr Ire land undertaking tho charge of tho measure, and the order for its second reading being restored to tlie notico paper for Thursday next. Mr M'Canu has fully established tho position he took with respect to tho Colao Electoral Roll, from which certain names wero expunged, and conse quently has placed Mr Murray in a position that necessitates an explanation, if ono can be given. Tho hon. membor asked tho Cliiof Secretary, yester pay, if tho roll in question was signed by Mr Hugh Murray, tho revising magistrate. Mr M'Culloch, in reply, stated that tho expunged roll was signed by Mr Murray, Mr Broinlield, and Mr Albert Han cock. Tho catalogue of names was signed by the registrar only, as required by law. Tho Act did not require that it should bo signed by tho revising ma gistrate. | Mr Macgregor succeeded, last night, in getting inserted into tho Electoral Act Amendment Bill a I clause providing that miners should, on tho produc j tion of their miners' rights, bo entitled to receive a ! voter's right without payment of tho usual fee, and although taken out at a different timo from the miner's right. Mr Higiribotliam was again pressed to insert a clause providing for tho handwriting test talcing placo before a magistrato, and ho ultimately consented to have such a clause inserted in tho bill when it was boforo tho Legislative Council. The bill was then road a third time and passed. Mr M'Culloch, in tho Assembly, yesterday, in reply to a question by Mr Brodribb, said that tho charges which had been mado through a weekly newspaper, as to the treatment of prisoners in the Blelbourno Gaol, wero without foundation in fact. A petition was presented in tho Assembly, yester day, by Mr Nicholson, praying for an amendment of tho Fisheries Act, so as to permit fishermen to carry on their avocation on tho Yarra between its junction with tho Saltwater River and Hobson's Bay, In Stevens v. Arenas, hoard in tho County Court yesterd vy, tho plaintiff sought to recover £19 10s damages for falso imprisonment. Defendant was proprietor of a Spanish restaurant in Bourko street, and had given the plaintiff in charge for creating a disturbance in the front room ono evening. The magistrates did not consider the plaintiff had seriously misconducted liimsolf, and next morning the case was dismissed. The court yesterday ; awarded Is damages, with 40s costs. Mr Newton appeared for tho plaintiff, and Mr Bindon for tho defendant. A return is published in yesterday's Government Gazetto, showing tho number of estates of deceased persons who have died intestato that have been | placed under the caro of the Curator during tho six months ending the 30th of Juno last. We find from the return that the number of estates was 131) ; tho moneys received by the Curator amounted to £7082 lGs 9d ; payments made to £2997, 4s Gd ; and thero has been paid into tho Treasury and tho Bank of Victoria, £4112 15s 7d. In tho City Court, yesterday, tho boy O'Donoliuo, who had been remanded from a previous day on a charge of stealing a draft for £375, was discharged, as tho prosecutor failed to appear against him. There is some reason to believe that the draft, sup posing one evor to havo existed, was valueless, as the prosecutor, it was stated, had been since arrested at Collingwood. on a cliargc of psssing valueless chcqucs, and, besides, had several aliases , and was a convict who had been many years ago banished from England for life. Yesterday's Government Gazetto announces that Archibald Micliie, Esq., and R. D. Irelanil, Esq., have recoived patents of appointment to bo Queeii's counsel. It is quite evident that the consumers do not in tend tamely to submit to the high price at present charged for gas. From an advertisement in another column, we learn that, in compliance with a nume rously signed requisition, the Mayor has convened a public meeting, to bo held in St. George's Hall, on Monday evening next, to take into consideration 'tho gross breach of faith committed by the Col lingwood und Fitzroy Gas Company, in coalescing with tho Melbourne Company, und charging the present exorbitant prico for gas,' and also tho best means to be adopted to obtain redress. Tlio following is tho report of the select com mittee on tho Chowton Railway Station, which was laid on tlio table of tho Assembly yesterday : — ' After an experience of five months in working tho station at tho site adopted, it was found, with the piesont break-power, to bo dan gerous, and your committer tliink that tho Engineer-in- Chief acted pmd&ntly; in advising its , discontinuance. Frcwi tiift evidence furnished to yonr committee, it appoars that a largo popula tion is located within the districts of Cliewton, Faraday, and Fryer's Town, and which, as your committeo think, properly demands railway accommodation. Tho engineering difficulties connected with stopping the trains at Butcher's Gully, may, in tho opinion of your committee, bo overcome by the alteration of the gradients, and the oxerciso of great care on the part of the drivers and guards, together with increased and improved break power ; and they recommend tlie erection of a platform thero so soon as the estimated traffic shall justify the expenditure. In conclusion, your committee recommend that the attention of the rail way authorities bo immediately directed to the deficiency of power in the trucks now in use, and to the urgency of improving them with as little delay as possible.' Tho half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in tho Melbourne Exchange Company was held in tho Hall of Commerce, yesterday afternoon, Mr James Graham in the chair. Tho report of the directors, which was read, stated that according to arrange ment they had handed over the building iu Market square to tho Government. They had made arrange ments with Messrs Grovillo and Bird to maintain the reading room for a period of three years, the directors binding themselves to get subscriptions to tho extent of £350. Tho furnituro of the room had been handed over to Greville and Bird, at a valuation of £80. Tho accounts showed a balance at the present dato of £5G1 lis 7d to tho credit of the company ; and it was proposed to pay a dividend of threo and a half per cent, on tho shares, which would absorb £451 10s, leaving n balanco of £110 4s 7d on hand. Tho shareholders anticipated that in future tlity would be able to pay a dividend at tho rato of six per cent, per annum. Tho report was adopted, on the motion of Mr S. P. Lord, seconded by Mr Lorimer. The following gentlemen wore then unanimously elected directors : — Messrs James Graham, S. P. Lord, John Goodman, Robert Sellar, E. Cohen, and W. S. Clifton. Mr J. M. Joshua and Mr John Martin wero electod auditors. Tho mooting then adjourned. A lecture on tho ' Parables of our Saviour,'' being the fourth of tho series, is advertised to be given to-morrow evening, in Christchurcli School, Abbots ford, East Collingwood, by tho Rev. Thomas Cole, M.A. The parablo clioscn for this occasion is ' Tho Hidden Treasure.' Wo havo received from Mr Stephens, bookseller, of Collins street west, a now map of Australia, pub blislied by Stanford of London. It is certainly tho most comprelionsivo map of the Australian continent which has yot appeared, giving full details of all tho colonies, together with tho latest discoveries of Gregory, Burke, Wills, Stuart, Landsborough, Wulker and M'Kinley. It can bo obtained in a neat case for tho pocket, and to settlers and travellers, will provo invaluablo. ' As You Like It' was performed for the last timo, at the Theatre Royal, yestordny eve ning, to a very good house. To-night Lovell's great play of ' Love's Sacrifice' mil bo produced, with Mr Barry Sullivan as Matthew Elmore. Professor Pepper's Ghost will bo introduced as tho afterpiece. At tlie Princess's tho performances will consist of tho Adelplii drama 'Diolc Tnrpin and Tom King,' ' North and South,' and the ' Polytoclinic Spectre.' 