PATRIOTIC DEVOTION OF A POLISH CHIEF,-A pnpor Just published by the national government of Lithuania states that a detachment ol 300 in nt gents, under the command of Vincent Koziell, had, for the last four weeks, soonred the district of Vileika, proclaiming everywhere the decree of tho national government tthioh socoros to the peasants the: landa cultivated by thom. Tho peasants gaye an. enthusi- astic reception to the insurgents. The Russians, dreading tho effect of this propaganda, resolved to exterminate Koziell's small troop at any cost. Strong detachments of troops were consequently sent against it from Minsk, Vile- ika, and Bouslaw. The insurgentshappenod to be between the river Ilia and tho breakwater of Stayewo, conBtrnoted by tho Grand Army in 1812,whon,on the 28th of May,tthey were suddenly surrounded on all sides. The detachments sent from Vileika and Bjuslaw were drawn . op in echelon along the breakwater, and,that from Minsk occupied the left bank of the Ilia. , There remained for the insurgents only a narrow passage by crossing the river in tho direction of the great forest which could bi Been .at a distance. * In order to reach the forest it became i necesrary to direct the attention of the enemy to another point. Koziell adopted a desperate course. " Brothers." said he, " somo of us must devote ourselves'to'save the remainder. I demand 40 generous hearts ready to die with rae." He was instantly surrounded by 80 yoong men who asked to be permitted to shore hlB fate. Then, giving th« chief oommand to a brother offioer, he mode bis detachment take the road to the foroBt, while be with bis 80 companions waited to meet the attack of the enemy. Two hours after tho departure of the detachment he orossed the river, and, meeting a Bussian corps of 370 men near the village of Viadyki, he commenced n furious attack. The .volleys of. musketry brought the Bussions to the place from every direction. After ari en- gagement which lasted fire hours, 40 of his companions alone remained alive.1 He attempted to cross 'tho Ilia a second time, 'n order that the Russians should lose all trace ot tho detachment, but he.was shot down by a musket ball. The remainder died with him, but bis objeot was na^otaplished, and the. g' eater part of the detachment was saved. MeBtJi», Hempson Io*, Boo, abd Go. annuunoe'a work on Australian explarati io, nader tbs title of " traoks ol M Knill y and Party across Aus ralla, by John Dnvi', one i f ibe rjipediiloi '; with nnmerbus wootont and ohro.mc litnogrspbic illustrations; edited : from Mi, Da'vi-' mannsqriptjrarnal; with'on introductory view of itu ,rfoe I !Ausiraliin explorations of . Siusrl, Bjrlm snii 'Wills, Landsborough,. and ? others, by ,Mr. Willlan Westgarth." , >. It would seem that prize-fighting is ¡lithe ascend ht, fr Oui the amount of mo-Cy . be'ng invented in some fJghtB1 to ooma'off It is generally understood , that most' ot tVo depot-its' for the stal.es aro found hr the aristocracy. The American Heep an is abont to fight Tom King for £2000, Jem Muuo nh'd Joe Goes are to fight for £1000, and Jeal Mace and Wm; Ityinllfor the chamj)ionfck'p.y: \- A MISER/* C/REKB, -, The, extraordjna connected. With fha d'»th of aa old, miser pamed Crepfn, 'which took place on tho 11th Aoguit. 1858Liu Lyona, are still undó'uMéa'iy Tresn^rPthe recoTJeötio» of ma j of our" readers. Orepin waa an oil bonhomme, from whom nobody wonld have withheld a penny in the streets if he had asked for it, and who, if it had been offered would certainty not have refused 16. Having retired from business with about 100 OOO fr., which he bad aocutnnlated- in th« space of a f w years, thanks to lucky and certain a peculations of every description, he raised that snm to a fortune con «ïderablv exceeding a million. But the great source of hia riches was bia sordid avarice, wbioh even induced bim to tear down billa posted up on the streets in_ order to write his rec* i pta upon the hack, instead of making use of stamps, as the law exacta ; and yet these reoeipta repre «ented the rent of several houses whioh ferouirht him ia a decent income. Dressed in a coat whioh a superb burnish of groase and dirt rendered proof against all weathers, and hin head sheltered from sun and rain by a hat thal out- lived the storm of the first revolution, ont would have takes him for a fugitive pauper. Bot everyone residing ta bia quarter knew that be was the millionaire Orepin, pos- sessing superb mansions in the first quarters of Lyons, the rent of which be made his tenant pay nine months in advance, while all were expelled-tbs oíanse was inserted in the agre;ment in every case-whs required any repairs to be done. Brit the deity who oansed the destruction of Troy alas caused that of Pera Crepin ; not that that wronged and artful deity ever succeeded in lessening bis pnrse atri ogs, but he gifted a cunning -ssan with charms suffi- cient to induce Crepin,to live with her and her husband, and that woman eventually managed ao completely to wind him around ber ringer, that in hia' will he made her his heiress. Finding, however, that, he did not die soon enough, she had recourse to poison in order to hasten the opening of the will, whioh made her twice a millionaire. The in 'diecretlon of an accomplice, w!-o did not think himself Buffi ciently well paid let the publia know the horrible crime comm: Itted upon the person of the deceased, and all the turpitude which had preceded it. Sinos the , Dumollard case the public bas not been so impressed by any Judicial drama, and it ia the tribunal of Lyona which had the hon-, our of finally condemning the guilty trio namely, the man Favre and bia wife- (the inheritors of old Crepin'a fortune' of l,70(),000f.), the woman to twelve years', and the hos band, a very old man, to five veers' hard labour, and the accomplice Claude Chor-el alBO.to twelve years. After tbs trial,: the property was, of course, sequestered. Bat OB the day the verdict was given, the hi irs of Orepin com- menced proceedings in the civil oonrt to have the will re- voked, and Mr. Pollaky s sow eenduoting tho inquiries on b half of the next of kin of old Orepin in Eng'and with a view to snpport these proceedings in the Justioe Civile (Common Pleas), whioh la about to give its decision on the affair of old Crepin,hy application rn déclaration d'indi g n'te made by the legi'¡mate heirs of the lato M. Orepin against the oonviot Favre, according to the previsions of the artiole 727 of the Code Napoleon at the first chamber of Abe Tribunal Civile of. Lyona. , TBK M.P'8 I BATT AT TUB DEBUT -At the very mo- ment tb at I arrived, in that pitllvss rain, at the Grand Stand the Prinoe of Wales drove op, his oarriage literally .dashing through the mad, whioh all around the éntranos to the stand was of the oínsistenoy of, und far more plentiful. than .turtle soup. Thus," the first member of parliament whom 1 mot-^for. ai the Prince ÍB the' first peer of, the' realm, he ls of osarse a rr ember of parliament -was the heir apparent to the British throne, on this, his first visit to the world-renowned Derby. The royal party were well prepared for the inclement day, and they seemed to find muon conso- lation in the oigar caso, for they smoked incessantly. The Prinoe of Hesse seamed to me to take more interest in the firooeedingii than ti e Prince of Wales did, bat perhaps this repression was produced by the Puke of Cambridge being almost continuously engaged in explaining everything around in minute detail to the Prince of liesse. It was said that when the horses toc.k the preliminary canter for tho ¿orby. the Prince of Wales was most struok with the appearance ot' The Gillie, and booked his fanoy for £100. Having seen tho Trinco and his friends take their pisces in the part of the peculiar stand-certainly not conspicuous for ita importanoo or orobitootural dignity-«hieb is appro, priated to the grandees and magnates of the turf, I took my way about tho course and into the paddock, and on the road thither I met the Bari of C appeared to me to bo in some annoyance at the miscarriage of same instructions whioh had boen given in London. They had come dows by railway, and I expect the carriage whioh was to have conveyed them to the bourse" was the im« Îortant part of the miscarriage to whioh I have alluded, then met tho Earl of Chesterfield, who os he dashed into the mnd at tho entrance of tho paddock, seemed rather to enjoy a rainy Dorby I lay. He was -all alone is his fory. Then came the Earl of Shrewsbury, also alone, but couta i>i»tuij> m» tu» un mun t nae ender rte rain ur «io mud.' He, however, was compelled'to struggle through both, in order to reach tho paddock. And indeed it was qui'e a reliof to get into the paddock, for although it is (rue you could not escape tt e rain there, yet the, splendid tur was so delightfully olast'o, that it seemed as if ono wai walking on velvet Of course, like all the rest of the folks who bod the privilege of tho tnt te, I bent my step« to the Bpot where the favourite was being led about he inolosure ; ead when I reached the leve < (for suoh t supposed it was), I found myself side by Bile with the Karl of Dudley, who was earnestly discussing tho points of tho favourite with Sir J. Hawley, who I should say, knows a good point of a race homo when he sees one, if »ny man in the world does. ? . Tht Earl of Dudley discussed the s nb eot so earnestly that., thc thought struok me that it was strange that a man of big en- ormous wealth did not koop a stud. Ho is a yachting man, 1 know ; I wonder ho is not a racing man as well. How vory loudly that peculiar-looking gentleman in the light, very light green ooat, with extraordinary facings, is talking to all around him, and oracularly giving bia opinion on the other Bide ot the favourite. Somo people who listen to him may think, and Justly BO, that his opinions are occasionally full of Bound, sometimes of fury, and always signify noting, But he must not bo recognised by me in' ny glance round the paddock-for is ho not a member of the Jockey dub, »nd very often blatant in his demands for a peculiar exclusion especially connected with Newmarket t and is be not a re- presentative of tho poctio ly re of England ? But make way there I forbore is approaching a wondorouB judge of mei and horses too, and one whose opinion, when expressed npot any subject, is circulated all over tho world. Ha is an old man-a very old mau-bat he walks as erect as he did hall a century ago and « i th as firm a tread, and there ia ai much fire in Iiis oyo now as then. Ho approaches, leaning on the arm of tho M. . quia of Aileibnry j and he, too comet to have a look at the favourite. ' Xes tho.Prime Minutai of England-Lord Palmerston -forgetting all the cares ol stat o for the hour, comes personally to « amine the greal favourite for tho ¿cat race. And if yon will look down at hie boots, you will tee that tho venerable Prime Minister hat spurs thereon whioh faot plainly ahowsthat, spite of thai drenching rain and of the river of mud that aro in the'roach he has ridden down from London to ' bo one amongst the .? mighty, ' multitude . that ls the feature wo-ld renowned bf the . great . Derby da) Having critically examined the favourite, Lord Palmerston, with a springy Btep upon that springy turf, still leaning on the arm of tlie Marquis of Alloatmry, makes the round in the paddock of the other horses; and he is one of the last' ti leave the exolniive spot, and wood hia way baok, careless of mud and water, to tho Jockey Club Stand to view i the race.' Here they ooma trooping to iee the favourite. Here is Mr. baillie Cochrane, who; whether on the back benoite's of the House of Commons br on the Downs of Epsom, always appears to me like an overgrown boy. And next ernes Major Beresford (the immortal W. B. ) ;he is not so upright now as he was before the Pratt electioneering days of years ago. See, who comes hore, literally skipping along as though he were a schoolboy in a playground. Lord Henry Lennox forgets his speeoh that he did make the other day, and the speech that be is going to make ahont the affairs of Italy, in bis anxiety aboat tho favourite. Why,' sorely we shall "make à House" presently around the favourite. Mr. .Bankes Stanhope scrutinises Lord Clifden through his eye» glass ; Sir John Hay tolls Sir Edward Codrini ton that the favourite ia the finest horse he ever saw;. General Peel points ont to Mr. Greville what he thinks the heat point about the horse ; and. Air. Whiteside solemnly takes the opinion of Mr. Napier Sturt, who gives it, and then appeals for confirmation to Capt. Gerard' Noel, who, hy the by, I Baw compare his betting book with Mr. Knatohbull-Hugcs* sen at tho door of the House of Commons on Tuesday night and in the face of the whole HODBP; dnring the discussion on the temporalit es of the Irish Chprob. . Tho coarse has been cleared fer tho face,'arid how the'paildook is deserted. I,, like tho rest, take my way to.tho stand, and I go round by' tho back entrañar, and th re Istnmblod against Mr. Daniel O'Connell, who is floundering in the mad -theonly remain- ing eon of the Great Dan- who until a few weeks ago was the member for Tralee, who ia now an income-tax oommls- 1 sion er, and who therefore was perhaps, on the look ont for whom ho night anrohnrge. And so the last M.P. I saw there whs anex-M.P., who, let ns hope, will be exemplary in his new otiico.-3Vic i'ie ri. Miana. Lon mau and Co. hive In the presB a ,'. Hi.tory of Ireland, lrom the Union," by Mt, Janice K ig'j ; " The'N.le V-ltiy in relation to Chronology," by A. JU Itbind; " Wine, ibo Vine, and the Cellar,' by T. (J. Shaw; and the seocud p rt of Dr. Twist,'a Law of Nal oo«;,'' treating of ti.u right« of centrals and boll! (ironIB In time of. war, ,. MadJme K 'j-Illunv wno has been In Palia. for a fear albee her appearance in Manchester, ha« at length nhtmned ;«n opening for her ahahspeiian iceitatlons st 'hs Tlontie D jais.t. ? The Fifcnoh' pcr'tioo of the a ¡dion je wutoh lim sbo-o with a curious and pnxaled air, i'od tho English mid AM eliosns applaud vigorously, muon.to tho uuuojoooe ol tbs oUlclul " clique," who do uy\ I M tbälr fundióos invaded. ' r , Ta* AJCEaxTTES OF WAB.-C. lonel B. F, Park tr, in o-mtqand of Oun'eierate forées io J.okson Conn ty Mis'. arl, bas wjftten to^eJFed^^ Tying" that unleB« be tresta tbose~*hom he ospt'.ns ai i'noursble prisoners of » r, he «ill, on and after aliy .Of, retaliate on fire Federal citizens or soldiers foi every S utnern who may be exesnted. General Binni replies as fjllovs :-" Hesd-quartsrp, d lett lot ol Kinoe, Fort Leavenwoi tb, May 13tb. Sir,-As yon do no' di sígnate the locality of the head-qnarters of the Con. federate forces ander yonr command, as honorable belligerents always do, I am compelled to adopt this '. method of communication with yon, in reply to yonr long tirade about constitutional liberty, ¿co., about «hieb yon appear to haye as corroot an appreciation «se Buttenlot of a South Sea I dander. I bare tbs honour to say to yon, aft*r readirg jour- long lecture, that yon need not defer your proposed .ats of retaliation until the 30th of May. It is of little consequence to me to know «bat are the instructions of the . government yon represent.' It is sufficient Tor me to know that yon and your motley erew ara insurgente and assassins; - that you are organising within the mili- tary, district of the Union, forces, and are engaged in murdering and plundering unarmed loyal oi'izene, thereby barring yourselves of all rigbta and considers tiona extended to prisoners of war. I have instructed o (Hoers in command of troops In the border oounties of Missouri (and the asme role shall extend to all terri, tory nndet my oomnv n') that every rebel or rebel sym- pathiser who gives aid, fireetly'or indirectly, shall be destroyed , or expelled , from the military dis. triet. These ? inrtruetions' will not exempt females from tba rule. . Experience bas taught that the bits of a abe adder is as pois, nous and produotive of mischief as the bite of any other venemoua reptile. Therefore, all persons known to be in arms egainttthe Federal authorities of this, district will be summarily .put to dtevh when captured. The only constitutional right thst will be granted them will be the right to make oboloe of the quality of rope with whioh they will be hung. All those who are ia sympathy with your cause, and whom tbe military authorities may not feel jo> titled Io putting to death, will bs sent south of the A'laissa liver. They will do well to avail themie'ves of this my laat friendly admonition. Trusting that yon will fully appreciate the motives that have prompted me to adoit ibis human policy towards, your misguided friends. I have fia honour to rem lin your obedient servant, JAB. G. BLUNT, Maj r.Qeneral. Colonel B, F. Parker, Cen* federateiStatea Array." SALK OF M. Du CHAIIXO'S GORILLAS.-A great num. " ber of naturaliste and curators of museums were on Fridsy stuacted to the auction rooms of Mr. Stevens, of Covent Garden, to witness and take part in the purchase ot the natural history oolleotlon formed by M. Da Obal) I a daring bis travels in West Equatorial Afrioa, and whioh be is disposing of in tbe prooess of realising all his estate, in order to.bis project d West African ex- pedition. The trustees of the British Museum had previously obtained the first eel ction of spenino IB from the oolleoiion, to the extent, it is stated, of £000. Among tbe principal lots sold on Fri lay was a magnificent aei'e-i bf golillas-malo, female, and young In fine condition, the two acuita beautifully prepared by Mr, .Wilson, the eminent taxidermists tbe skolton of the male nearly complete, that of tho female quite so, i-nd also the skelton of a yonng mole. It was finally knocked down to Dr, Edward Crisp for the sam of £110, a sam maoh below that at whioh it waa valued by ibe owner. . Lot 01. The akin and skeleton of an adnlt female gorilla, puroh.eed at an expense of ¿'30 for the Oxford University Museum. The Museum of Cam- bridge University also obtained tbs skeleton of a male golilla. Mr. Fowler, tho conservator ol the Museum .of the Reyal Oolleg'a of Surgeons, beoame the pnrab'nser o lot OS, oelng the skin and ekele on of a young gorilla, for £10; also of lots S and U, the akin and akeleton of a bald-headed, chimpanzee,, for £10 ; and the young of the same'ó-£410s. Lot 07. A oomplete adult skeleton of the female gorilla, JB18. And lot 00, a mngniftoent obimparz e, described as the largest in Europe, but in reality amalles than tia In the Hanterlan collection ; it is believed that this lot waa bought in at £18. The prices realised by the sale of birds wera too insignificant to notioe. I' BIOBÎIIHO ViOKStuna.-Bat, hark I A' faint oheer rise* in the »ir. They are ohargfng t Lawlei's brigade . ls advancing I There is «gi ne? al rash to the aummlt ol ihe blUjregardleBB of sbsrpsbooters and shelis. There I they go with trsilcd mo skits, half.oroaobiog, with swift ¡ bot Bteslthy treed streaming towards the fortress. . For \ ? moment not a shot is fired. They aro soreened hom the raking shots of the enemy by the Bide of the ravine;. Ba', jost SB they emerge into tbe open spsae before the |tb» «,a«-pt«B »od bastion lo the lett, tho w ^tks in front, and the sharpshooters from the right, all open upon them with a deadly storm of bullets. Lit ely so deserted, the redonbtB are all alive with hoads and muskets and jota of smoke. The air is crazy with the sbaip rattle of musketry and the otaBh of oannon. For a moment the sdvanoing oolnmu staggers under this terrible ordeal. Thea a few brave fellows rash forward, right up to the breastwork? ; hosittto a moment on ths edge of the moat, leap In and'disappear, emerge on tbe other aide, and Btrngglo with great difficulty np the strep side of tbe psraiet. Some of them . reaoh the top, and stand for a moment tbe target of thousands of bu leta on that proud, but awful summet, gaze down at something within, then spring forward and dlaapposr. Is it vie tor y t la the stronghold won 1 Or do they enter there as those who cross the Bridge of Sighs, never to returb ? Now others scale the works to ba mot by nhots from within, and sink to tbe earth, or reel backwards i (ito the trenches. Merciful God I How bard lt ia to Bee brave men, fighting in a sacred oause, fall like oat tin, with no support, no renoue from the bond of a foo tbey oannot reioh I They ding desperately to tbe fido of tho breastwork«; who are living, who aro dead, no one koow . Some burrow by hand and loot and bayonet into too!emb.rkment. Some are stark and motionless. Along tbe other side of the revine, and partially soreened from, musketry, our solders aro orouablng Ind lying, .od returning tbe fire from the rifle.pits Ibo boBt they cai). An officer can be seen by the aid of the flold-glaaa moving baokward and forward among thc mon, .with .drawn B worri,; vainly attempting to gat them rip tbe foit to the support of their comrades. Hero and Ibero they 'rash forward across tbe.exposed aurfeoe, ene or .two at a time. But tbs danger Ia too appalling to .ba'coed, even by. the brave fellows that stormed the works at Block River. At last a regimental fl »g and the stars and stripes are ádvanoed and planted upon the Cdgo of tho parapet. The .dear old fl.g burns' in'the van, like a beacon of distress. We endeovou lo obeer, bot a heart BioknOBs comes over us and chokes tho nt eranoe. What wa want now1 are a rong reinforcements OD th«" one point.-i/eto York Tribune. .'? ' ' . . lord Palmerston's distribution of Civil List PeoeionB .for the pant year is aa follows :-Nine pensions are given to literature-that is to say-to alias Francos Browne« £100, i n aoooont of ber works - in prose end poetry, composed io spite of blindness existing from birtb. Mr, S. W, Fullom, iJ70, io consideration of a long oareer aa .albor and journalist, and of the merits of some of bis works. Mr. Lane, £100, In testim .ny of the value of .bli Arabio Diotionary, the produot of tventy years' labour, len of wbiob were pissed in Egypt for the better aoaompllsbuient of the taBk, Dr. B ibert Latham, £100, ia appreciation ol his eminence in the studies of gram« msr, philology, and ethnology, and of his contributions to the knowledge of tbs same. ' Mr, Gerald Massey, £70, io appreciation of his aervioea aa a lyric poet sprang from the people. Mrs, O'Donovan, £00, in consideration of the . fate . Dr. O'Donovan's valuable contributions to ? Irish literature and arobsealogy. Mr. Gyms Bedding, £70, in consideration of bia laboura in tbe field of political and other literature, extending ov r more than half a century. Mrs. E isa- bella' Strutt, £70, in consideration of her slraitonod oiioumBtanoeB ata great ugp, and after fifty-eight years of contributions to literature, Dr. Trcgallas, £100, an account ol bis valuable labours on subjects connected with B blloal crloiolsm, and of similar worka still io band.-Four peoslonB have been given to soienoo :-To Sir Thomas Maolear, £100, in oonsider.tion of his Services as Astronomer Boyal at th« Capo of Good Hope. Mr. Joshua Aldi r, of Newoaalle, £70, In consideration of his laboura as a naturalist, especially in the department of marino zoology, and of bis being soddenly rodaoed'to poverty by oirourOBtsncoo over which be had no oomrol. MrB. Atkinson, £100, io consideration of her husband's contributions to geographical soienoo, fruits of six yearn' exploration in Eastern Siberia and Mo»golla-Caring wbioh she accompanied bim, and aided io preserving a record ol bia resesrabes-and ' of bia having expended all bia means In these efforts, leaving his widow totally unprovided for. Mr. George Bellett, £100, in opprcoia'ion of his pursuit bf the natural and phyaioal adenoeB doting ,thlrtj--ix year«, rteu'tlog in the establishment of the "Devon and Cornwall Natural Hlatory Sootety," and "the publication ul many works, bot also. In lt.total prostration ol' mind and body now that he ia o.'d.-Tbs remaining pañalón ia on aoooont of coaoation :-To Mil. Hughes, £100, iii consideration of ber husband', labours in the osase of education daring a long setvios as master of the Green, winn Hospital School, and of the straitened elioum. atinces In wbioh ate is loft. ' M. Nioomede Blanobl has jual published som« very carious dooamenla relating lo tba history.cf Italy durlnt lbs laat very few years, 'and especially to Conni Covour. A bill boa passed tbs Canadian Legislature to prevent' the execution of the death penalty .in public by. a vote of « tO'M ...,:>, ,, v.l .... t -.ir. t: , .« A GHOST STOBT «.r"»on.EO"-Mr. Andrew O mpbell.of tba Rojal Dramatia College, in a letter to the tiau, says j " Tonr âcconnt of a ' Ghost in a Belfry' rem inda me of a _ "cTrcúmalancVwMcy'oVcm^ "wbicE frightened a whole hou-ehold from ita propriety. That it waa alarming, all will allow ; terrible and unaccountable until, by mere cbanoe, I waa enabled to solve the mystery. I bad been invited to pass a few days with a wealthy far- mer, whose residence (in Hertfor¿«b:r5) was of that Klira bethan style rbére ' gñoata delight to locate. Ita manifold chambers,corridors, pasiagea ard closet', placed In juxta- position with a wild legend connected with it, imparted toft a mysterious solemnity well calculated to breed 'strange fantasies' in the minda of those in the least prone to super- stition. I had resided there a week when one night, about the witching hour when ghosts delight to walk, the whole household waa alarmed by the most hideous solas proceed-. . : ing from the kitchen, h'm.sb want the crockery 1 Bang went the tinware ! Such a dib and hubbub had never be- fore been heard. Then came a noise as though some heavy aubstanoe waa being drawn across the floor, while ever and ' anon a violent blow appeared to- arrest ita progresa, a pro- gress which was renewed more loudly than before. Armed« with his b'nnderbnss my host led the way. The farm servants,followed with pitohfoiks, pokers, and every im- aginable weapou of defence. Arter some deliberation, the kitchen door was reached and thrown wide open; A lantern was introduced ; a orash of glaaa followed, a stream bf air entered, and the light was extinguishrd * .Saut'« qui rent,' was tho cry, and an attempt at a retreat was oommenoed, bnt the stentorian voice of tho master re- . called the intended runaways. Lights were proonred, the kitchen searched-examined in every part-bnt no cause whatever could be discovered to produce such an effect as we saw before us. In a promiscuous heap wera battered kitchen utensils of. every kind, broken onps, saucers, plates, dishes, &o.; ! in fact the locale was 'a per- fect wreck. To complete the destruction, a portion of the kitchen window was b.-oken to pieces, and several panes of glass ' totally demolished. Nothing waa ' discovered. A week or two passed. The circumstance bad become noto-. rions to all. The house was haunted. The old family legend was warmed np the servants gave notice to quit, and all was doubt aud terror. The farmer's wife determined, to live there no longer, and it is more than probable that my friend would have been ' compelled to break up bia establishment, and sustain a ruinous loas, had it not happened (hythe merest obance) that tho mystery was solved-solved too in the most simple manner, and solved, -by me. Some half-mile from the house was a tbioket, through whioh there was no path ' As I walked by it (on , a subsequent visit to m r friend) ourioslty led me to wander - into its mases. At the foot of a tree I perceived a cat whoso head waa thrust into a sanoepan, and wbioh said cat was dead and stiff. ' Oh i\ thought I, ' here, then,' is our ghost I' The poor wretch had forced-its head into the . - saucepan to feast on the remains of the butter whioh it had contained, and.from the formation of the animal's head, it had not been able to withdraw it. In ita fright and agony it had backed all round the kitchen, demolishing all in ita. woy, and eventually escaping through the window. Had I not thuB discovered the cause of all this alarm the honse would have remained with the reputation of being haunted. , and the children's children of the terrified farmer would- ' have convinced. other ohildren that their grandfathet'a house waa reallv a haunted one." . THE FEDEIÚL . PAÍHO AT FREDBmoEjAcna.-I mi it . fraDkly confess th»t 1 bavB DO «o.lity to do justice lo Ike teens that /ullowed. It was my lot to be in tbe oe. ii re of t'.at field wbentbe panta . birst .upon us, - M y I : nev r be a witness to another eooh scene. On' one band was a eolid column of infantry retreating st double quiok f rom the fies of the enemy, who. were, elreidy oiowding their resr; on tbe other was a dente mass of beluga wbo bad lost their reasoning faculties, and were flying from a tbouBsnd fancied dangora, aa well as fi om . t'iè real danger that crowded BO olot-e upoo them, »ggra. vating the learfnlnsss of their situation by the very, pro olpltanoy witt» which they were seeking to escape ftom . it. On tba bill were 10,000' of ths .enemy,', ponting their murderous volleys tn npon ns, yelling snd hooting , to increase the alarm and oonfusion ; huudtedsof oavsliy '.' horsaa, left rideilesB at tbe first discharge of the rebels, were dashing frantically about. In ali ' directions ; a score ot batteries of artl'. lery were thrown into1 disorder, 1 eomo 'proper/ manned, seeking to gsm positions for effeotivo doty, «nd ' others flying ¡from the field ; battery waggons; ambit lancep, horses, men, oannon, oaiesons, all jumbled and,. tubled together in an apparently inixnicacle mass, aid ? that murderous fire still pouring in upon tbem. To «dd. ' tc tbe terror ol tbe oocaslon there vas but one means of eeospe from the field, and that through a little nairow, , nook of ravin; washed out by .Scott'« Creek. Toward« ' Ibis the confused mses plunged headlong. For a mo. J I ment it seemed as if no power oould.avert tho frightful .' I calamity that thioitened the eotira army. ' Tr)«t"neolt ' ? paased, sod tblB panic-stricken, disordered body of men and animals permitted to pass down through tbe other ' corps of tbe army, our des ruction was sar*. But in the. midat of that wnoca a arm there was a cool bead. ? Thal threatened calamity WOB averted by tbe' determined self- pnseeBsion of Major. General Daniel E. Sickles. Spurring bis horse forward, be foroed bis way through the tangled mass and entered tbis ; narrow neok. Aorosa tbia ru ok there tuns a thiok brok wal), behind wbioh the foroes of General« Williams and Bjrry bad already thrown themselves pro« paratory to meeting the enemy. On one flank of the ' wall waa the deeply sanken bld of the oreok, impassable ( for any Speeles of Vt blois, and soaroely safe for. men. At : the upper end ol tbe wall waa a narrow gateway, the ' only opening to be found,' To this point G.nersl Sickles pinked bia way, and there; drawing bis sword, blocked the passage with himself and borae. On esme the panis strioken orowd, terrified artillery riders sparring and lashing the:r horses to the utmost ; rldoilesa horses '? daihing along, regardless of all obstantes | embnlaceea apsstting and being dashed to pieces a tarnet trees snd'> stumps; men fl J log and crying with alarm-« perfect torrent of passion, apparently uncontio'sble. Bu', againal it all tbe brave general tbreiv blmael», and by his deter, mined bravery brought tba first hi evy mess-cannon drawn by six horses, well mounted-to,a halt, and blooksdott the passnge. O hors dashed npbebiad, and crowded upon tbe first, (beir drivers ourslng and'Bwcsr ing snd oalling to tbe loremost to go on, . Too lobas horse's jumped the stone wall, and the flying mea scrambled over it, atterly oblivions to the faot'.tbtt |bn opposite Bide WQB crowded with mrn whose lives were, thasJdoubiy endangered. Hat by tba blockade of tba main passage the etampeda of the artillery and cavalry bad been principally obooked,. Onsa halted, reaBon bajan to return to.tboBe who.bad previously lost it, end ; muoh of the artillery, properly manned, WBB quickly brought bsok upon tbe field. They all teemed; poasÓBsed ' of an instinctive idea of tho Bhorteat and moat direct lina from the point wheroa they started to tbe United B atea ? Ford, and tbe majority ol them did not stop ootll they": bad reached the ford. Many of tbem. oh reaching Ibo river dashed .in and swam to the.north Bide, and sro: supposed to be running yo*. It waa no worse with r privaten tban with ofOorrs. Tbe stampede, was anlvetsat; the oisgrioe general.-Neto Yo i Herald. Collectera'of rare literature may be Interested in the ' prices brought by s lew ouricn-r books sold reoenlly st .. Me BB ra. Sotbeby and Wilkinson's. A poor copy ol tbe - flrBt folio of Shakepere, w th the original verses inlaid, "' .nd a variation ot tbs portrait, being before the shading, on tba collar, £00; Shakspere'a Perlole», first' edition, £40; Sir John FelstaiTe and the Merry WlyeB of Windier; edition of 1019, £10 IBs.; another copy of the same, £10 Obronlole H «tory of Henry the Fifth, ,1608, £7 10a.. Firat Part of tba Life of Sir Jubn O do.stle. first edition' £8 8-.;' Keattag'a General' History of Ireland, large . paper, £7 lös. ; Dugdale'* Antiquities ol Warwickshire, . by Thomee. £31 10s. j Medioi, Poesie Vilgari, Aldo, . 1604, £18 ; Bossnet, L'Apocalypse, Parla, 1Ü60. £0 10»., ., Mauroy,,Lea Hymne-, Troyes, 1097,: £90; Peel»'; . Obro.iio'e of King Edwarde the First, 1609, £0; Le« OuustumeB el Conitltutlona do Bretalgne, 1489, £13 ; . Dialogua Greaturaram, first edition, £14 Os.; Vitas Pa truro, by Wynkyn de Wörde, with m-voral leaves in fao-slmilc, £13; Hieronymo, Vita, 14DT, £8} Mollet, Le Jardiii de Plaisrr, 1601, £8 i HlgJen's Polyolíroniaon, by Tieverls, £90; Haated'a . History . of Kent, lour volumes', £10 10s. j Stow'« Survey of London, by : Btrypo, best edition, £10 15*. ; Benlnwe's Théophile, ' with nearly all tbe ouriouB plate»,-£11 10i. ; Fi.x'd Book of Martyrs, first edition, very Imperfect,' £10 fl«, ' ' " ? . The rage for tbe old masters was, to a very consider, able extent, a speolea of pidantry willoh seems last passing! away. It will be seen from the io io «lng, prices, when compared .with reoeut aalea, that plo wt» by modern artists, from Gainsborough to the present time, realise |higher prices than those even hy old pataleta of the first class. At,the sale of . Mr. Craig'* oolleolion/n Yan di^ Velde realised £119, a B.trmbraudr, 330 guinessi a Hobbrma, £810 ; a BuysWel, 111 guineas ; a Woúv'or. mans, £190; a Murillo, 100 guipcun; a Leonardo da jVlnoi, /6l00 ; another, £300; a Ludovioo Mussolini, 940 guine.s; sud ? portrait of Anne of Aastrls, by Babees, X.oo. . ' ' The ncmlnsrs of tho bvtlicf; 'th g I'at Ww rctrmH from Pi tis {Mya Ii ed-Hov fr) are) iuiCi'liioion with ther »i«it «<». .Tull an if il li thff.Jimperoc'and HniprM* and Caa- ? racc-conrse, nud purpoi« making tits otp <«. unwual.orie.' Tho Kr.iprflss wa» excttdhifjly r.niuoad r.t s>4>R(: w»«r tho ln'ttcrs {nibed ip r«SRÍn»t oacli other :. their wiri .'y.todo luriueis; and. at firnt site1 feared ibo* dil Mr.,Bullo noon eased her aj,pri;'ii,u!'ii.ti by ul'inff h>ir "ajeity they weie only hotting. TV tm'ni bur- ul tho Manohet ter schor l were riot a little puttied with thoFrenoh aooent | and our allic«, who thought they uadorstood Kng li«h, were not â little pat out by the dialect oC tho Col« touopollé reprMsntativei.' 