VICTOK1A. By Ihe arrival of the Aldinga our dates are extended. Christmas is Old England.—St. George's Kail has been elaborately fitted up foe the produc tion of an entertainment of the character of that wliich, in the Egyptian Hall, Loudon, proved a fonunc to Mr. Albert Smith. A stage has been erected, the hall divided off ir.to, two compart ments, a splendid carpet laid down, stuff" seats provided, and hangings of an elegant character for the various windows. Xhe result is the con version of the body of the fine hall into some thing like a haudsome drawing-room; while the tastefully-disposed draperies and decorations of the stage itself are so many tokens that neither taste, time, nor money lias been spared in the pre paration of the entertainment which,. under the title of "Christmas in Old England," is to be opened this evening for the first time. A private view, accorded to us yesterday, enables us to say that no diorama approaching in artistic merit that now about to be submitted to the criticism of the public has hitherto been shown in Melbourne. The subject is iudicated by the title. It is "Cliristmas in Old England"— Christmas as we read of it in ballad and story— Cliristmas as we recollect it in years gone by Christmas with all its hospitable recollections, its amusements, its traditions, its allegories, its tales, and its mirth, So fine a topic admits of great scope to the hand of the artist, and Mr, Edgar Kay—for whom it has been painted—has had the able assistance of if. N. Chevalier, Mr. E. J. Greig, Sir. John Henmngs, Mr. J. Willis, Mr. G. A. Appleton, and Mr. H. Freyberger in its preparation. The subject is illustrated by twenty pictures of large size. The first—the Drop Scene—by M. - Chevalier, represents " King Cliristmas," cap in haud, pledging the good and kindly wishes of the season from the wassail bowl, while around him are grouped the representatives of all the more famous nursery stories appropriate to the season, such as "St, George and the Dragon," "Mother Hubbard," "Little lied Hiding Hood," "Jack the Giant Killer," &c.; The first scene is a pleasant wood land landscape in the snow of the winter season— "Gathering Mistletoe." Nest we have the "carol singers" at the door of a baronial hall; followed by the "Bringing Home of the Yule Log;" then the old "London Waits"—suggestive of so many pleasing recollections; "The Markets at Christ mas Time,"' " Boasting an Ox on the Thames," "Skating on the Serpentine," "Snowballing," "Old Father Christmas," " The Christmas-tree," " Distributing the Christmas Dole," " Christmas Morning in aOountry Church," "Feasting the Te nants in a Baronial Hall," " Christmas Dinner of the Baron and his Friends," "The Ghost Story," " Muuimers in a Country Farmhouse," "Snapdragon," "Sir Roger de Coverley," and "The Christmas Pantomime." These subjects Mr. Ray illustrates with historical and anecdotal notes, appropriate passages from some of the best writers, song, and music, the latter selected by Mr. J. Parker, the accompanist. The paintings, we repeat, are of a high order—some of them, in deed, are masterpieces. Mr. fieunings's archi tectural details, Mr. Greig" s figures, and M. Che valier's fancy sketches vie with each other in ex cellence. The diorama has been fully six months in preparation, and has cost a very considerable sum. The prices of admission are fixed at a rate to encourage large audiences, and if the literary and musical portion of the entertainment equals in -merit the work of the artists, we can safely promise that those who may visit St. George's Hall tins evening will have every reason to be satisfied with the excellent entertainment pro vided for them in "Cliristmas in Old England," —Argas, November 2-S. Burke's Revolver.—We find the following paragraph—which requites some explanation—in the Otugo Telegraph of the 1 it;; lust." It will be recollected by most of our V i. toricn readers that a pistol belong'ng to the lamented O'Hara Burke was unaccountably missing from the explorer's effects. By au extraordinary fortuity this article has found its way into the possession of Mr. Brauigan, the Commissioner of Police of Otago, and its history, as elicited in the Police Court, is as followsMr. Nash, who is now in the interior, sold a revolver to one Joseph Jones for LIS, which sum, although above its intrinsic value, was willingly paid by Jones, under the idea that as a trader in 'all sorts,' he would speedily realize a good profit by this investment hi an article which, formerly having belonged to the unfortunate Burke, would naturally be invested with an interest which would materially increase its value. Acting on advice, Jones left the revolver so that Mr. Brauigan should see it, he^being a person likely to purchase it for the relatives of the deceased, or for the Victorian Exploration Society. Mr. Brauigan very properly impouuded the i weapon until lie communicated with the President of that Society in Melbourne. Sir William Stawell, 1 in reply, concurs with Mr. Branigan in the belief that it was unlikely Mr. Burke hadeverparted with j SL nicfcrO In liiirv Kv Vit-a Kpnflmw AHlrtA-r. I a pistol presented to hhn by his brother ofiicers, and he therefore refused to deliver it to Jones until the case should he decided by the Resident Magis- | trate. In the absence of Mr. Nash, His Worship had no alternative but to order the restoration of | the revolver, or to give judgment for £20—the amount claimed byplaiutiff as the highest within the power of the Court to award."—Argus, November 26. Ma. and Mrs. Kean's Success.—We are glad to learn that Mr. Coppiu's enterprise, to which we owe the visit of the Kcans, is not likely to go un rewarded. At the close of the season in Mel bourne, Sir. Ooppin has found that his calculation of ike receipts, so far, has been exceeded. It may also be stated that, in six successive nights, within a few shillings of £1,400 was taken at the Hay market Theatre—a sum, we are assured, exceeding by about £150 the largest sum ever before drawn in the same period by any dramatic entertain- ! mcnt, even in the most golden days of the colony, when tickets were sometimes sold at a very high , rate. This fact says much for the appreciation of j the drama in Melbourne, as well as for the popu larity of Ml', and Sirs. Keau.—Argus, Nov. "AS. Western Australia Convicts.—There was a I long sitting of the Sandridge Police Court yester- 1 day, and a number of cases were disposed of. John Ralph and Patrick i-yau were agaiu brought up on remand, charged with being illegally at large in Victoria. A witness named Samuel Jackson was produced, to speak to the identity of the former, but his evidence threw little or no light on the case. Ralph was again remanded till Tuesday, while Ryan was ordered to be taken back on board the mail steamer to King George's Sound. —Argus, November 27. The Muuderer Barrett.—'The time appointed for the execution of Barrett, now lying at the December. The death-warrant was received at i the gaol on Wednesday evening: but the prisoner | had been made acquainted on the previous after noon of the time fixed for the execution. His manner was not iu the least changed by the re- | ception of tins intimation, or hearing the warrant cad; the sullen and obstinate demeanour by which i he has been characterized throughout continuing unaltered. He has been constantly attended by tbe Key. J. G- Williams, clergyman of the Komau ! Catholic Church, ilarrett was* originally a soldier ' in the English army, and the offence for which he was transported for seven years to Australia was the striking his sergeant—a crime dealt with under the hlutiny Act.—Art/us, Sovamher 27. Mary Frazer. — A preliminary meeting of persons desirous of co-operating in raising a sub scription for Mary Frazer, the sutiercr by the recent crime in Swanston-street, was held yester day ill one of the lower rooms of the Mechanics' Institution. The Hon. A. Fraser, M.L.C., pre sided ; and after some expressions of deep sym pathy with the misfortune and the present deplorable condition of the young girl, it was resolved te adjourn to Saturday, at uoon, at Messrs. Fraser A- Cohen's Anrtfnn lius-street. -Argiis, November 2T. 