SUMMARY FOE THE MAIL.- '' ; t gbnebal. i The prominent events ot the past- monturhave been the' departure ; of 'one Governor, the arrival of another,. and the prorogation of Parliament. Sir Charles Darlb'g reached Hobson's Bay oh the 9lb; the Sunolk having made a very good pas sage. His Excellency arrived some days earlier than ho was expected, consequently his recepi- tion was not so demonstrative as it would other wise harp keen. -The Mayor of Melbourne, and other dignitaries, received him on landing. He was enstallcd- with due formality . on tbe lltb, and immediately afterwards proceeded to the Legislative Council and prorogued Parliament. Sir Charles has made a favourable impression on the Victorian inind. A levee held by him was numerously attended; 'and marked "respect was paid to His Excellency, Lady Darling and the family. Sir Henry Barkly left on the 10th, to visit Sydney.1 ' He. returns in' the mail steamer, in which ho will proceed with Lady Barkly to his governorship of ; the : Mauritius. Sir Henry leaves tho colony possessed of testimonials of the respect. and; ; iollo wed by .the -good wishes of tho colonists. -With, a few of our ;leading Eoliticiuns ho has come into unpleasant contact, lit he lias been supported by . all who are de sirous to maintain the principle bf-'constitntional government in its integrity'. Sir Henry Barkly Has been a faithful representative of tho Crown on the one hand; and on the othor Jio has shown himself to be', a true friend of colonial interests: His career here has been:- signalised by, two very important events. Our railway was inaugurated, ana the continent for tho first time'travorsed, by tho Burke and .Wills Expedition, . during "his tenure of office, and his name is 'identified with the progress of our' scientific, educational,' aud religious institutions. In the best sense Sir Henry was a popular governor. The session of Parliament which terminated on the 11th has been productive of much useful legislation, but the iuto;mipable discussions on the Land Act will be renewed wboh Parliament next meets. The new. Minister of Land, Mr Hetties, . brought an , Act to amend some defects in the measure brought in by tlie previous-Go vernment; arid-'known as Mr Duffy's.- ' The Ast scmbly adopted- tho Amendment Act, but it wus rejected by tho Council. Mr Dufiy's Bill is therefore still the law, as he described it in the pamphlet so extensively. . circulated inEnglund by Mr Knight. It is impossible to predict what alterations may hereafter bo mado- in it, but there are unmistakable indications of a1 'design on .the ."part, of somo influential persoiis:';to set aside tho principle of free seleotion and extended pnymcnts that forms the'cltiof featiirb bf' tlie ex isting Act. i It will not, in our, opinion, bo to the interests of tho colony should -iheir design be successful, i Tho amendment of the Electoral Act, in the terms described in our lust summary, has been satisfactorily accomplished, -so that Sir Charles Darling will find it tut unnecessary, as it would' be Unwise; to- "act on tbo advice of the 'J'ime.t with regard to" universal suffrage. Immi grants must now reside, one year in the colony beforo they .'become .entitled to tbo snlfrngo, and then .tbey may obtain it only. . by: compliance with certain prescribed, conditions. Tho Ilail- wny Muimgemcnt-'Biil ; has also received tho Royal assent. By clauses in this Bill, Govern ment uro empowered to leuse tho'Tines,'- but eight moiiths' notieo theroof must bo givon; arid the consent of 'Parliament obtuiuod. English capitalists, will, tbgrefore,' have an opportunity of ; ubqiiiring information of the terms of lease,, anfi tiuio to: tender jf they feel iuclined.' Tlio. Local: Government Bill is- now in ppecn tioh, ; ii'nd tlib . adniiuistratibn of tho Amended Municipal Act will commence on tho 1st of. iiext' month. Both thoso measures confer enlarged powers, of self-government on tlie people of the inland town and districts of the colony, and we. have ho 'doubt', that '.their., influence, will be- beneficially felt, -', f . . Tho subject of immigration .has naturally rq-, ceiycd ntucli attention 'rittrin'g "the -'past montlj, owing to the' fact that somo bundredsOf-'assis'tcd immigrants" haye'reaclicd these shores'frbm'Eng- .land, nitd'fho' question .of What, sbttll' we do with tbemP " litis been discussed'bii aft 'sides'. Tt" lies with, the, immigrants themselves to fembye' iguol) pf the doubt thnt now attends a solution- of the difficulty., . If. they. ontertuin exaggerated np.tipns astoyvhat life and labour .in ,tbo colony are, if they expeet tliat they, havo nothing to do on' tliqir airiyiif biit'lb dictntb tlicir.'own terms to pmplbyeis . who, ' jirq supposed ;to be ' willing to concede. /any thing,., they, will' find themselves mistaken./ :,".Honie-keepiDg youths" dwell too fondly; perhaps; upon the exceptional condition of things which existed horo some years ago, when bands of workmen Woro powerful enough ,to dic- tateto governments as wellastoprivatcemployers; but they; are so no' longer, and we, advise emi grants from the niolhor, country to consider, on their -arrival in this colony, not whut are tho wuges paid for - lnbour, but what is offered to them: Tho very lowest rate is: much above what is paid in England, wliilo tho necessaries of life uro cheaper horo than there. Let them once get a fooling, and if they - have ability they will soon work their way up. - -But they must work. We give one instance of folly on tho part of new jiiiuiigrunls. Tho contractor for the railway- between Sandhurst und the Murray applied to the Immigration agent for ten labourers, ' iand so many- were forwarded .from, the "Immigration depot at Melbourne, to Sandhurst, a, distanco of about 100 miles, free by rail. Three of them did j not apply for work ; seven wore put on at the rate of 7s., per day each, but after '.working for two days and a half they refused to continue be cause they were not provided with house accom modation in addition to their daily pay. Now, as bread, meat, tea, coffee, and sugar are cheaper at Sandhurst than in Manchester, the " unem ployed" at home may form some notion of the "great expectations" that ore entertained by the new-comers to this colony. We. could multiply such instances, and wo have no doubt that one will be supplied to the cnpitol -of the English cotton district from this neighbourhood. Y ; Tho colonists are now pretty well posted up as to the views of tho British Government rer garding transportation ta» Australia, and they are .perfectly unanimous in their expressions on the 'subject. If the home Government insist on giving effect to the report of their Commission; tuey must expect to meet with tho most strenuous resistance. Wo can find fields, of ' labour, forlhe honest British workman, but! wo shall refnso the British burglar. Tho taint of conyictism is, too apparen t , in the. social coiir 'dition of New South Wales to lcavd us in tho slightest doubt . its to our policy', in' respeot of transpbrtatibh:" Wo claimto Jje! considered.as an honest community, ' which has contracted large pecuniary obligations, and formed great commercial relationships, with the. . principal. tintiAna nP.fnn rancf nnf V»« enl\\. jected to the degradation of being' made the ' recipients of tho criminal'classes of: the mother country. The advices conveyed by the present homeward mail will ; 6: we Trust,' convince ,the British Parliament' that it is impossible to resume transportation on a large 'scalo to any purt of Australia, and ,'at tho same time ' to preserve unt inimpaired the l loyalty 'of ,the Australian colonies. , . -. . '. , , .. . , ; . ' . Tlitit' loyally has. never been more 'spiritedly displayed thnn in.-the response made by, Vic torians to the, cries for. help iaised. by the colonists of New. Zealand.. -Nearly one thousand men have volunteered in this colony for service against the Maories,- rind a -large portion of the Imperial means of defence, has also been sent to our neighbours."' The ; war; in the Northern island is assuming'a shape that promises to bring tho dispute between the two races to a final issue. General Cameron is distributing his forces along tho Waikato river, his intention being ultimately to converge on ; the stronghold of the foe ana crush him. To aid the operations an iron-cased gun boat, hns. been i constructed at Sydney, by means of which the Waikato will be commanded right into the centre of Maoridomi The vessel wul carry : some small Armstrong guns, and about one hundred riflemen, who, fighting under the cover of iron casements; will inflict ' irrepar able loss on the Maories with' smull' damage to themselves. MIXING. ' The effects of the dreary winter season are no where more visible thun among tho hiinihg eomr m unity, who nolens nolens abandon working in tbo. mud and- wait a> more. sunny season.. .We have' now emerged.' froin the' period of hyberna tion, and mining matters assume a more hopeful aspect/ The recent great successes- in mining in tho immediate vicinity of Guildford have infused new life and spirit into mining enterprise, along the hanks of the Loddon.. The - advent ./Of fine weather will probably bring' to the vnlley pf the Loddon a rush; tho long extent of tableland on one side, aud the alluvial plots on the ochei; will team,, with a busy, multitude.. In fact,.: the Campbell's Creek and Guildford, districts appear to bo tho most prosperous at present;- ' ' The i eefs of tho former and the uuriferous hills, of. the latter given permanepej' to' the mining 'opera- tions, which favour settlement; . It is, on- the other hand, to bo regretted that the. -Achilles Aline, Old . Specimen Hill, -lias . ceased .' to ,- be worked. Recentlyi a1 gentleman representing the Melbourne shareholder's visited- the mine) and upon his report- ibis tiuwise step was - taken'. ! In the face of great difficulty, with jinwcaried per severance, Mr Chambers has prbspected the cround, obtaining sufficient to pay expenses; the last crushing far exceeding the usuul quantity; yet, now it is temporarly) /abandoned. The history of the Ajux Mine;, to which; we. haye so frequqntly referred should teach shareholders in minel like the Achilles a better 'IessbiL' " There are numerous evidences ..of/l mining enterprise . around us. in the shape of applicationij for mining leases, in prospecting reofib-dse.-' Itis gratifying to Rtato that the golden rotvard.of.all, this enter prise is, as a rule, by no means small. - The ex periences of the Market-square rush tcach'us that those, who,wiirwork;steadiJy;'on)untried auriferous ground, will do . well; ,whilq,;those amateurs who are content to. turn ovcr.old grouad must not expect.ounces, they must rest satisfied with pennyweights.- , - - _ ; Sluicing operations (on the Californinn model) have been. commenced on" a somewhat cxteriqire seule by so'mo enterprising individuals on Barker's Creek; Races, some miles in extent, have for some, time been in active.. operation. ..Auriferous hills will thus be worked' (or washed)' wholesale, and, as a result; muchpf .the auriferous. alluvial which uowlies dormant will bo profitably workqd: To this end some of the roost active members pf tlie Castlemiiirie Aliniug: Board. have ; addressed themselves to the subject;,' of a reduction of tlie labour busis : sucli ayteplsan absolute necessity. It is as ricccssury . asjti general reduction ' in the pricdof labour, has , already been proved to' be. Frdm-stteli a re'ddction wb "anticipate the'-most beneficial resultiftb tins district. In proof of the gcneralt approval-, which / this reduction oft the laboui'ihasisi. bus; elicited; we! may "state1 that within, the last Jew duys several applications .under tlie new'' "bye-ltiw " iiuyo been" lodged' jyith tho'Rcgisti'iir" Tho 1 following - are exariiples i— Mr Bateriieu, /of Little 6-Bendigo, a woll-known puddlqr, applies- for six . acres: Mr Bennett, of Burker's' Creek, ;'/ applies for 134 'acres. I. Mr "Homan; the enterprising storekeeper bf'Barker's Creek; applies for six acres.; ,' Mr Billbrough, Also of Bttrk'erA;:'C.rook,(.bppl.iM'''for. throb' aeres. Mr Bateman (brother , to the , abbve-rin'med)' ap plies for <14 acres. - , Mr Raymond,', of Moonlight Flat; : upplics for four acres, und Mr Bui r d for five; Thus, - '42 'acres of ' auriferous' land have" been1 already applied for underithe newbye-law.: , 1 ' Tho realisat ion; of , the Cblibanfsqhenie 'B stiir tii, fiitiiro. We believe, liowevcr, that whomit is transferred from- tho . region of- theory to that of iiict; it' will pyove vas'tlyib'qnbgt'ial to this.ilis- l.triot. _ j-' ''I'" : Tlie ''proSjiects ' :of; thor ' Aijax Cbinptiny are brighter thtiU;evcr/i -:'Alfcvutioris of a very ex- "tepsivb ehuVncter/pi'e.proppso.d/involvjnginn'bufr Jay of £3000,; ' ,30. ."heads' of., qtampB will .lie ereo tedi ,The retiu'ris from: the. crabbings /of the vuribiis -reefs do not offer, any very striking! items';, it is'.' suffieibnt'Jioweyer, for, us;.to know, 1®??®'!''' hqayy, yields are rbpbrted,Vjb,uj,Y1fliia'aY.oajBp>j|8, thari i bs'to the,tbn.':'-,- ' . "..v.. :.j , The breakingup'of the', c'dntract between the 'variotitr Banks of' the' eqlbiiy hashad the'ofi'etit of cau8ing,ii,mueh higher -price to -be given' for gold than formerly. As nuch as £4 Is per ounce' litts been given for Castlcmaine gold. ' Mr Vincent, 'one; of :our :most! enterprising 'prospeetors; hus applied for a lease on - tho Irish Reel. Mr Fail-bairn has boon opposed in his application 'for a lease on the Vineyard Reef, but it is .probable that tho Minister for Minos will not deem tho objections valid. Certain it is thoy are not supported by adequate evidence. The Argus Hill, Oliewton, having been sold (in part) the party who lately workod there are in great tribulation, tho Government having committed a muuifest injustice in actually selling tho ground worked , by minors.1 Among the oldest ' (and still payable) mines - may be mentioned thnt of tho Specimen Gully Company. It pays a good number of wen excellent' wages. "YVo are glad to state .thtit . Mi' Gh- icb; . of Yapeen, (a well-known geologist,) has applied . for. a patent for certain improvements in ma- chinery for the extraction of fino gold. Such an improved process would be of most ' vitaL im portance, not only to this distriot, but/the .whole colony. yv J-!" Tho following are the escort returns for. the month ending September 18: — f; i Moonambel - - 604 Tarnagulla - 1599 Morses Creek - - .— — .3725 - — Castlemaine - - - 9486- t (' .'Maldon , ; /> 73066, ,fv,' ,n Sandhurst 12528 Maryborough t / - 2549 . Talbot ' 3359 ! . ' Dunolly ' v..::. ,--.---: 2609- i Ballarat ' ' 21169 J Cresvrick-ziT/Tl-v.1 -V;'A 7-M ' A2372 y , Glunes - > 1 ?' " 27821,.:, / /' Inglcivood - i" 2455 : Bcecbwbrtli 1 - ' : "' 4590'' 1 "t" >- Yaqkandandah rer - A , >1364 ' ' j « ; Chiltern -V — ' :4030 ' . Heathcoto . .- ' 1691 ... , . . Rusliworth . ; './'-Blnckwbod -' - - t-V T-v '.13671-. : > i Avoea ,/ ; ,:.'i , - '/. ' ; : .:i; . 3131 Raglan - 100-1 Ararat ' - ..v. ,.122G')' ; i '..Pleasant4 Creek' -' ' ' ' - ' .''2901 | ' "Smythcsdalo _ y .: ... j'2 .. . j , ' Jordan and Jamieson : 5 63-16 , . Landsborough . V- : .' T'l32- \ Majorca 1 v'Jl, ' Ci % ! Total . -. .jj.- ., ; 103,003 : LOCAL.' . r' - - - ' ' . Tho Castlemaine/ /Municipal i Council (repre sented by: the Chairman' and Town. Clerk) waited on Sir Henry Barkly, prior to his departure from'the colbnyaud.presentedihim with 'a Vale dictory address.: ,Thb,-I?fcsident and Secretary performed a similar duty on behalf of. the " mem bers of .the: Castlemaine Mechanics' Institute. ; ' During the month'.tho various religious bodies in tho town and district have shown more than usual activity. The Wesleyan course of lectures was quickly followed by. a1 Sale ,of .:Giftsriih"tho Market Hull in aid of the Circuit Funds. Not withstanding wet weather, this Sale resulted in a net profit, of abput£250., ; The'ninth .anniversary of the Castlemaine Con vegatioual Church has been celebrated, by ; spctial services, \a tea and public meeting.-.- The Roy. E. Day presided on the occasion and received the congratulations of his friends on1 the' successful /termination of his ninth pastoral;.:year, : The Presbyterians are about to ; have a .course , of jlebtures , delivered in connexion with their church. , Dr .Cairns, of Melbourne, will deliver the first of the series. TKd' various1 ''churches'' are "paying ' increased attention to the improvement; of j the psalmody. A lecture, was delivered on Devotional.Psalmody in .the /Congregational -Church oil Tuesday- even ing.,,; The Rev. J, ,EwAnco . officiates, at , the Baptist. Church, j , . , , . ' ! /, < j j'-i The r Castlemaine / Thcatra has been1, open throughout the month, the. Bendigo Stnr .Com- panyiUnder the ', management of, Messrs Cox, Varley, and 'Vinson, .' having, performed": .with averugo success, , -The Campbell Minstrels; have also. appcarcd: ...Miss Louise Ariiott, lately a leading member of the Marsli troupe, played with the -'cbmpany "for a ' week: Last niglit a Colonial edition of thePoly technic ghost appeared At ilie CasUemaine "Theatre. ; . 'Tlie Castlemaine Spring'Rnce Meeting will talce' place on Decem ber the 1st and 2nd. Numerous entries /buye been mode for the, two great events of the/meet ing,' viz.. The Gretit Centre Handicap, of 200 ' sovs, " and , .the i, rPrince, /of-Wales's Stakes off 5 sovs. each," with £100' added. - .Judging froni present appearances the Castlemaine Spring Meeting of 1863 - will bo- very '.successful, and quite equiil.to many of thb'prbvinciur; race meet-, bigsofthe old'-country. -The- very be-t racing stock of tho colony ave amoug tho ' entries. - Tho various Cricket Clubs in tlio district; ore, cshibij ting signs 'of activity. The' teoming' 'season is looked forward to, with".' great, interest in conse quence of thb expected;' Second' visit ' of tho;'ill England Eleven. It ,p-fil be remembered that when the Eleven last Visited ' these colonies, this tbwn.wus the'bnlv nlaee' wlierb thev.were'beatbii in 'Victoria. . Th o, local , el iibs are, of 'course. Anxious to " db it again." .'Tho ground Alected will bo'duly. prepared,' And., the ' cricketers 'willj we liope, be most' Assiduous ' in' practising., , The orickctbi-s of Campbell's -Creek; upon whose ground . the . great /. match: will /be . played, have come, forward in the most, laudable .and spirited mauneiv . A!n amalganiatibn/fpf the/Castleraainb anil Ifortheru Clubs, so. long. mooted,,/ is!, now un fait accompli. . ; ; The Castlemaine Alining1 Board, has beon in session: 'during the ,we6k,j and 'one -highly im portant subject lias been disposed;, of, viz.; the reduetion of the labbur basis', ' A mcasuro which will f probably .tend jtogive a gi-eat'; stimiiliis/to local mining enterprise. Fresh- enbrts-have: been 'made- to secure the full -recognition ofthe claims of tho OiistlemAinb Agricultural' Sooicty: to a share in the funds of the . Central -Board of Agribulturc, ;:'but ' ,-this 'sapient bddy (unlike its Englibk' 7prbtdtype)vap/ pear's to be far more ready to ..exert:1 itself, to paintain; thq status : .quo than > toj aid in jjhe. def velqp'menj; o'f eolpriialAgriculture. ' At.Hie.Tara: dale! 'County t Coiirt ' a? i' gtbat caBoi" was' tried, viz., Orr v. Glass;; in .which ; the )laintifl' sought tprqcoyer duniagesjfbfjaiouse and ; grounds .let 'to defendant, ph' lease an'cV whibli . lie had', left., in ja. 'disgraceful 'state'.';,:,"' Thefoiwefe twp aofcibnsijin qrieh.tlio,', damages; werp , Inidi'.'at ;£250- I IA ono 'Qaseaverdietwasgiyorifpr defendant; in ihq.othor for -plamtiff.:-.ij Mr,.'Gi , 0, Leooh.-. appeared j for plutntifT. - "While speaking/Of Tiiratlalc;', wo must mention /that a 'handsome-'testimoniul. has- rot oontly . been ) presented ' by :the inhabitants tola Const ablo stationed there/' iiamed 'Madden;', who displaycil- 'great'eo'urago- nnd,rccoived severe int juries in' nn' encbilnter -/with" a' r fiffitm1' whota ho uijestedV( " ! As'.us'uoljat ihjs season', of the, ybqjy,' the .dis- /trlct'during.tho past' mbn'th.hqsibeen!. visited by some heavy ',,flbpds, ..which1 i have'. donp ..much, damage ; to both 'public and private.-.property. ,,'be local, Folk-o , Courts have, no, t beon jopcupicd ' by uny . business of very general iuterost. nnd the inquests held by- the Coronor, Dr Fresliaw. linye been chiefly 'upon ' the1 bodies :of i. unfortunate .Chinamen..: "A series iof /qunrtz/maqliirie-fobbeHes have 1 occupied . the attention of the pplice:-,;'lT(iesbrbbt bpries, ai-e„ not", by any means msignifieant,1 largo quantities'of goliij' e'oppertplates/'&o;:,5 Doing the booty. A-ri' ' ' ' ' ' i , BIRTHS. , 4 Faiui'ie — On tlie 23rd|;,inq(at\t, ,; at; Campbell's Creek, tbo son. Both doing well.'" '' rj' '-."--11: .! /Chambers.— On the 29(li instant, the wife of Mr. At O. Chambers, of, a daughter. / I .; TAnniLL.-.Oii, tlio 28tb instant, at w attic Gully; Cbevyten, the wife of Mr Thos. Tetnll?'; of a daugh ter. /'Both doing-jyell. : '-'f.y:';.' ' , '' .On'Friday, the 28tk ultimo,, the wife of Mr. Thomas Kibble, . ut the Ciistlcmai'ue Diniug Roqm Duuedin, of a son. , "'i On the 28tb ult , at Wattlo ' Gully; Chowtou, the wife, of Air Thomas ' Terrill, of a daughter. . Both doing well. -"p , . . , ; On the 4th instant,' at .Hepworth' Villa, CaBtle- miiue, Mrs W. Locke, jun.,' of a daughter. ' , , ; On the 9th instant, ,at her residence, Barker Street, Castlemaine, the tyifq of Mr Jofin Alathe1 son, of a daughter. , O11 the ,19th instant,, Mrs Hooper, Cnmpbolj Street, of a sun. i MARRIAGES. , , , | Maunder— Hill. — On tho 26th inst:, at Christ; church, Castlemaine, by the, Ven. Archdeacon Crawford, William Morgan, eldest son , of , tho late William Mauuder, of Exeter, Dovoushiro, to, Emma, 1 youngest daughter of Reuben Hill, of Worthing, | Sussex. - On the 8th; instant, at St Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, by the Right Reverend Dr Goold, Bishop of Melbourne, Nicholas Fitzgerald, Esq.; J.P., Castlemaine, to Maryanne, eldest daughter, of the Honourable John O'Shanassy, M.L.A. O'Loghlen-- Seward. —On the 17th instant, at Heidelberg, by the Rev. Wm. Finn, Bryan O'Loghlen, barrister-at-law, second son of the late Sir Michael O'Loghlen, Bart, Master of the Rolls, Drumconora, County of Clare, Ireland, to Ella, third daughter of James M. Seward, Esq., of Somerset Park, Preston. DEATH. At the Camp, Newstead, on the 30th of August, 1863, Mary, the beloved wife of Mr John Treacy, second daughter of Mr Timothy Maher, of Cashel, county Tipperary, Ireland, aged 21 years. Tippe- rary papers please copy. 