THE GHOST IN CHANCERY. On Tuesday afternoon tbe Lord Chancellor was visited at his ^nansion, Hackwood Park, neu : B4singstbke,'W theGhost' and' a'nutnher of gentlemen, , all claiming " more or less legitimate .relationship tb.ihim. Messrs LoibV and Sonnhammerj the proprietors of ,the Pavillion Music Hall, at the top of the Haymarket, took him. and Mr Wilde, of the Alambpi. Mr King, of Bath, Professor. Pepper,-: of -the Polytechnic, and others claimed bimr-and broueht their legal advisers to'vsupport-the claim. The question'., arose in this -way, In JFebrrary last, after Messrs Diroksand Pepper's -Ghost had turned, out a " hit".iat-the Polytechnic, they obtained Provisional specification, withaviewtoa-patent. In the following August, just before it wasttime to obtain theereat sealthe tither parties-above named lodged ; objectioos'sccor l ding to the Patent Law Amendment Acti /On account; of' these objections file patentees' obtained a farther montihV provisional. protection to janswer them. Affidavits were", fiu^h^ filed oti 'both sides, andthe Lord Chanpellbr fixed"Wednesday for the djsposalof the case so far as .the issue of the reat iseal .-was concerned.. .After disposing of«ome legal technicalities which his lordship adjusted to meet both sides, Mr Bower, on behalf of Messrs Loibland Sonnhainmer, went into itbe merits pf - the. case. . He pat in a number of affidavitBtending to prove that the ghost was a .very' old one, irnd tad been exhibited in London and throughout the country as far back as 1845,- tbe parentage of itseeming to rest on Heir Dobler. the celebrated conjuror. He referred his • lordship : to a playbill ; of the period, wherein one Palmer exhibited it for. his beh&Bt; at Margate. As the proprietors -of'the Pavilionbad -tiken'a model • stage down wiih them, all complete,.-t|i». ,ff house,.was figjitedtip," and his lordship IwL the pleasure of T^t-* nesting the-(ghost bnsinessi very. ; conveniently., In the course.of tiie aigument^ his lordship said that he remembered -seeiug the same thing when a boy, 55 years ago.j it^wias: exhibited by Bdzoni, tbe cdfebrited traVellef,aiid an account of it was published.' On the other -Bide. iaffida-' ; vits were piit'iti from Sir David Brewster'&n;'d' Professor.,Whe^tstone, testifying diaVfiie J in J ventidh yrajittepj',.,.' •"' '' " ! " ' Tbe.J/wd^ D{ianc^tlpr. cldivered an'dabo»te . judgment ,. fie'reyiejv^ aU jthe' aM<)a^it& arid' said that tse objectom rhad jio^grounos betpre him; they came;in'at the.last moment, and; wanted ,to overturn alL iiiethree. hearings o| the,^ Attorney-General, who: mnst.have been satisfied. of the merits before be ^remitted ihe patent /or ; thegreat seaL If he withheld it, the patentees ? had -no rfemedy, no appeal elsewhere,- but by ; granting the patent he placed tbem ins position : to proveand' tt^tain'theSr iight.'to it.- Tfor would tiiisinflict Any twrong on the" objectors, as they could by the t^liMaf the pafelit in a court of law. His^lolraship th^ "directed the great «eal to Jssue, with #11. costs abd.' charges •gainst the.(5jectors. ;,.TOe jc^ecten weefcoms.-; "':•' I : -The Ghoetiand .thei law-haye. byjio means, parted fir erer,'for .being agood," draw" as an.; enterta,mmenVJfe'P e PP er ihave many.a: oontert about™ ifc' -fie wlliave -to fight hanL forhisQhost • ••••"< i, 