THE PRESIDENT'S VISIT TO THE ARMY CENSURE OF GENERAL M'CLELLAN AND PRESIDENT LINCOLN—BREAD RIOTS AT RICHMOND. New Yorfc, April 7.—It was confidently an nounced yesterday that the bombardment of Charleston had commenced, that Federal troops had landed in force on John's Island, and that after a short struggle the city had been cap tured. This morning it was stated, on the au thority of telegraphic despatches, nothing had occurred but a slight skirmish between the scouts of a Federal gunboat and the Confederate pickets. The President and Mrs Lincoln visited Gene ral Hooker, at his quarters on the Rappahan nock, on Saturday, but tbo weather was so severe and the mad so deep that the grand re view in honor of the visit was countermanded, and Mr and Mrs Lincoln returned to Washing ton. The joint Committee of both Houses of Con gress on the conduct of the war have presented their report. It censures General M'Clellan's whole military course since his appointment to the commaud of the army of the Potomac, and points to him as the cause of the failure of the army !o take Richmond. Gen. Burnside's plans for dislodging the Confederates at Fredericks burg subsequently to his defeat in December are declared to have ben thwarted by the inter ference of the President, who gave ear to preju dicial statements against General Burnside from subordinate officers, and countermanded bis ordere for an advance. The report concludes by stating the belief of the committee that the rebellion can be subdued only by fighting, and their confidence thab the present campaign will produce decisive victories to the Federal arms. The President is still urged by a sectiou of the Cabinet to issue letters of marque, but per sistently refuses, lest he should increase the difficulties of the Republic and imperil its friendly relations with the maritime Powers of ! Europe. A Federal prisoner released on parole, reports that a mob of 3,000 women armed with clubs and stones, assembled on Thursday, the 2nd inst, and broke open the government stores, taking away bread and clothing and whatever else they required. Mr Jefferson Davis and other high officials addressed the crowd, and succeeded with some difficulty in persuading it to disperse. General Rosencrans telegraphs to the "War Department, under date of the 6 .h, that General Stanley has defeated a Confederate or guerilla force und'.r General Morgan, at Snowhill, cap turiug about 50 prisoners. APFPiEHENDFD HOSTILITIES BETWEEN ENGLAND AND AMERICA The New York Tribune publishes the follow ing despatch from "Washington respecting the relations of the Government with Great Britain: —" Our relations with Great Britain are consi dered by those who are conversant with them extremely delicate. The correspondence between Earl Russell and Minister Adams with relation to the fitting out and sailing of the pira'e Ala bama, contained in the English Blue Book, but not yet published in this country, and the cor respondence still going on touching the con struction and equipment in British waters of other piratical craft, have been conducted on the part of John Bull in a tone which is unfriendly, if not menacing and provocative of war. Russell plants himself on the strict letter of the statute applicable to the case, refers our government to that statute, and in effect refuses to take steps to remedy the grievance complained of. The matter has recently been seriously discussed in the Cabinet. It is thought in some quarters that with the capture of Charleston apprehen sions on this score may be dismissed. The Ministers here of the principal Foreign Rowers are believed to be of opinion that its capture is impossible. Several Members of the Committee on the Conduct of the War called upon the President yesterday, to. urge him to grant let ters of marque and reprisal. There is reason to believe, however, that this will not be done at present, although the question is still a matter of Cabinet consultation." PREPARATIONS FOR QUARRELLING ..WITH ENGLAND. A Federal writer of New Tork says :—" Our harbor defences are progressing very rapidly. Parrott guns of immense calibre are being mounted ©very day. Letters of marque will be issued as soon as these are completed. The Committee on the Conduct of the ^ War, appointed by Congress, have advised the President to do three things immediately :—First, To demand of the Eng lish Government whether it will authorise any more piratical steamers to leave English ports to prey upon American commerce. If the answer is "yes," then—Second, to recall Mr Adams and dismiss Lord Lyons. Third, to issue letters of marque and reprisals, and allow a thousand vessels to go out of American ports and see what they can find to prey upon in the English commerce scattered throughout the known world. The committee appointed by the legislature of this state to examine into the harbour defences of the city have made a re port. It says the Unite.! States are not pro gressing as fast as desirable, in consequonce of 1 not being able to get sufficient men—two thou sand only are working night and day. The re port recommends an appropriation of a million of dollars at once. So in a few days we shall have three powers, the Federal, the state, and the city all at work spending money upon the defences of this city. It is worth it, and with the certainty of a war with Great Britain, these defences may be needed in a few weeks." THE CITY OF JACKSONVILLE IN RUINS. That beautiful city, which has been for so many years the favourite resort for invalids from the North, has to-day (March 2S) been burnt to the ground, and, what is sad to re cord, by the soldiers of the national army. Scarcely a mansion, a cottage, a negro hut, or a warehouse remains. The long lines of magnifi cent oaks, green and beautiful, with the thickest foilage, the orange groves perfuming the air with t-heir blossoms, the sycamore, the old century plants adorning every garden, the pal metto aud bayonet trees, ever tropical in ver dure, the rose and the jessamine—all that has made Jacksonville a little Eden, has been burnt, and scorched and crisped, if not entirely consumed to ashes, by the devouring flames I am now writing on the deck of the fine trans port ship the Boston. Three gunboats—the Paul Jones, the Norwich, and the John Adams —are now out in the river, with guns shotted, ready to fire the moment a rebel appears in sight. The transport vessels—the Boston, the Delavan, and General Msig?, the Tiliie, and the Cossack—are at the wharfs filled with troops. All are 011 board, except about 200 of thr Gth Connecticut, who are on pickc tduty. Three blank shots from the Paul Jones have just been fired, as a signal for them to come in. From this upper deck the scene presented to the spectator is one of the most fearful magnificence. On eveiy side, from every quarter of the city, dense clouds of black smoke and flame are bursting through the mansions and warehouses. A south wind is blowing immense blaring cinders right into the heart of the city. The beautiful Spanish moss, drooping so gracefully from the long avenues of splendid old oaks, has caught fire, and as far as the eye can reach through these once pleasant streets nothing but sheets of flame can be seen, running up with the rapidity of lightning to the tops of the trees and then darting off to the smallest branches. The whole city, mansions, warehouses, trees, shrubbery, and orange groves —all that refined taste and art through many years have m tde beautiful and at tractive—are being lapped up and devoured by this howling fiery blast. One solitary woman, a horse tied to a fence betweeu two fires, and a lean, half-starved dog, are the only living inha bitants to be seen cn the streets. Fifty families, ; most of them professingUnion sentiments, have been taken on board the transports, and pro vided with such accommodations as the tubs will afford. Some of them have been able to save a bed and a f.w chair?, but most of tbetn have nothing an the world but the clothc3 upon their backs. Is not this war I Vindictive, un relenting war r "Yesterday the beautitul little cottage used as the Catholic parsonage, together with the church, was fired by some of the soldiers, and in a short time burnt to the ground. Before the flames had fairly reached the church the soldiers burst open the door3, and com menced sacking it ot everything of value. The organ was torn to strips, and almost every soldier who came out seemed to be celebrating the occasion by blowing through an organ pipe. To-day the same spectacle has been repeateu, only upon a much grander scale, There pauefc have been some understanding among thi j incendiaries with regard to the conflagration. At I S o'clock the flames burst from several oui'd-1 ings in different parts of the city, and at a later hour still more were fired. The wind then rr s to a stiff gale, and the torch of the incendiary became unnecessary to increase the fire. The negro troops took no pirt whatever in the perpe tration of this vandalism. They were silent I spectators of the spectacle. The G:h Connecti cut charge it upon the Sth Maine, and the 8th Maine hurl it back upon the Gth Connecticut.— New York Tribune. MISFORTUNES OF TIIE YAZOO EXPEDITION. The correspondent of the New York Times writes as follows from Deer Creek on the 24th ult.:—"Thus far the enemy has been enabled at almost every important move on our side to put us in check. Another move has just been ! completed, with a result the hearings of which i on the whole game y'v Id very little in our favor. 1 A half-dozen gunboats and several thousand j troops have, at the expense of nearly two weeks' labour, some life, and considerable fatigue, ascertained the fact that a series of | small tortuous bayous are not navigable : or, in other words, that one of the leading avenue1* of approach to the rebel works has not ber-n left entirely free from obstruction. The rebels are much smarter than we supposed. Here is a watercourse, deep and wide enough to float a I liue-of-battle ship, which terminates exactly at I a point in the enemy's fortifications. As the j watercourse runs mainly through the forest the enemy would not be apt to notice it, and, of | course, not suspecting its existence, tliey would bo unprepared for any hostile demonstration from this direction. All, then, that remained ! for us to do was to send a few iron-clad gun boats up these bayous, which, moving rapidly and noiselessly through the woods, would stid deuly gain a position iu front of the enemy's works, to the great astonishment of the | chagrined rebels. And so the iron turtles 1 started, went the immense distance of nearly 50 miles in the surprisingly short time of ten days, and when a little more than half way to the destined point, found to their intense astonish ment, that the woods swarmed with rebel rifle- | men, thesliore3 with cotton- defended batteries, ' and the banks with countless negroes, axe in hand, engaged in felling trees, and otherwise ob structing the progress ol the expedition. Not withstanding our secrecy and celerity, the enemy were apprised of our intentions, and were pre pared for our approach. Finding the way irre mediably obstructed in front—trees, batteries, and sharpshooters being too thick—the expedi tion determined to return, but at thiB point it was found that the active enemy had been busily engaged in felling trees in their rear, ren dering a retreat equally difficult as advance. Right here we came very near losing some moro gunboats, and we should have found this result had not the opportune arrival of national infantry given the ' turtles * relief by driving off the rebel workmen. Escorted by these troops, the fleet managed to overcome the obstructions, and succeeded in getting thus far on its way back to the Missis sippi. Such, in brief, i3 the beginning and the end of another and the last move for the cap ture of Vicksburg. The country between here and the point reached by the gunboats is cleared, and, as Admiral Porter said iu a des patch, is the 4 granary of the world.' Every plantation was stocked to repletion; cows, beef-cattle, horses, mules, sheep, fowls, cotton, corn, and supplies of every kind were found in endless quantities. Our troops started without horses or transportation of any kind; they came back almost every man mounted on a good steed, and leading a span of serviceable mules by the halter. When they left they filled their haversacks with two days' rations of * hard tack' and greasy bacon; when they returned J each man had grown fat on chickens, eggs, mutton, veal, and other delicacies, and they brought with them for future use turkeys, ; geese, calves, and sheep without number. The bales of cotton that constituted at once the wealth and defences of .the country through which our troop3 passed are now heap3 of smouldering ruins; many of the outhouses and dwellings are in the same condition. At this place a thousand or more bales have been fired, while many more were tumbled into the bayou, j and floated down until they were picked up by I the transports below. To-day we are clearing up things preparatory to going back." DEPARTURES FROM NEW YOHK IN FEAR | OF WAR WITH ENGLAND. Le Compto de Dion has had a large sale at his residence* 4, Dessau Row. He is an intimate | friend of the French Emperor Napoleon. His j family have gone to Paris. He anticipates a war. and has disposed of his furniture and pro perty by auction, and will leave himself in the I next steamer. His carriage only brought 425 I dols. Several leading British merchants of I large property are making similar arrangements f to leave, but in a more quiet manner than the j French count. THE BLOCKADE. The Alabama is reported to have been seen on the 23rd of March, in lat 32 N, long 73 W. The Cor«>ubia and the St George, from Wash ington, North Carolina, arrived at Bermuda with cotton. The schooner Sue has arrived at New York. She was captured on the 9th of March by the United States steamer Monti cello, of? Little Diver Inlet, while attempting to run the blockade. She has a cargo of sait and dry goods. On the 23th of March the fine English iron screw Bteamer Aries (arrived t;t New York) was captured near the entrance to Bull's Bay, which shp was making hy mistake, her intention bring to run into Charleston har- i hour. She was observed by the Stettin, Bteer ing towards the land, steaming at a rapid rate. gChase was immediately given, and fire opened upon her by the Stettin, but without result. The strange Bteamer made good time, and the Stettin was being sorely left behind. After an hour's chase a dense fog set in, which enabled the pursued steamer to elude the Stettin, and for the time being to effect her escape. The Stettin continued the chagd a while longer, and then lay-to till day light. At early dawn the fog cleared up, and the Stettin .soon discovered the Aries hard ashore, with her cargo going overboard to lighten her. The Stettin immediately bore down upon, her and fired a gun, when the English flag was lowered and she became a prize to the navy. She is one of the finest prizes yet taken by the bIockader3 The captain of the Aries, while at Port Royal, feigued illness and deceived the surgeons, but beiug suspected of treachery, and search being made, it was found that he had 6ecrefed no less than sixteen revolvers, loaded and capped ready to make an attempt to re take the vessel. Previous to this exposure lie denied the presence of firearms on board. The Aries is a beautiful Clyde-built vessel, with hinged masts, which can be lowered at pleasure. Ruxxjng Tnn Blocs\nr.—The harbor is quite full o'. vessels, and almost every one is iu some way connected with the South. Vessels ere constantly arriving from England laden with nrtn?, cannon, powder, shot, dry goods, and all sorts of tilings needed in the South. For a-while these things were unladen far up in the harbor with a show of secrecy, but n-">w they have done it so much with impunity, that they lie of? the town and transfer their cargoes witli perfect freedom, anil the authorities wink at it. Tiie steamers which run to Charleston are all painted a light lead color, which renders them almost uudistinguishnblo from the horizm. Tin y ]<n\ hero at such a time tlmt a common run will hrin them off Charleston about midnight the third day here, then as they can easily see our fi.-et th^y steer quietly between the l-Iockaders, and being of this dull lead color, and. with their single ma= and smoke pipe lowered, and withal being wondc fully long, low anil swift, they are almost certain of getting in. Coming out is still more certainty, for at snnset they take from Fort Sumter very precise compass observations of our fleet at anchor, and then, as our vessels do not change their positions aft- r dark, it is a perfectly simple matter to steer solely by the compass out into the open sea. Once out there is no danger, for they can show a clean pair of heels to any of our gunboats. Commu nication is truly more frequent with Charleston than New York, and fwe hsve New York dates six and seven days later. Every cargo of cotton is worth from a quarter to a half- million of dollars, and as the Autnniga has made -ix round trips, nnd the Leopard the same, they may well put their fingers to their noses, and laugh about their packet and their ferry to Charleston. The freight per ton is L100, anil the pilots get a LI,000 for a successful run.—Letter from Nassau in the Bujfalo Advertiser. A Scientific Ghost.—The" Polytechnic In stitution, London, has a great attraction in a real ghost—he rises out of the solid floor, and you may walk right through him, and cut hira in two with a sword For'the right to use the ghost in anew piece the manager of one of our theatres has offered £5'.-0. The mode of producing the ghost belongs to an ex civil engineer, named Dicks, who first broached it at a meeting of the British Association in 185U, baundtr : bast UUtr, 