ni ^ """"" i---.--iT,---r-,..-..i.-? i ni i, . " ? THE NAQG/LETONS ON MOVING, ' I Tbs Seegs rr piraaentS the Distinguished Ccuple at Breakfast in tbelr lîonsa st South E>p»iog'on, Ur. B. N. (with the Tivui). Toa news from Amerioi it Interesting, bal ob iii» ia a politisai point ot view, Tbs Democrats, who, ta I explained to you lira. N. 1 do not wish to hear anything ahoot Daroo cratB. My papa always said that they were low people, Who wished to subvert the Altar and the Throne, Hr. N. Bat as there ia no Throne in the United States Mrs. N. Ah I tbat is just your vulgar habit of word, eatcbing, wbich, excnse me, Henry, is quite apart from the manners of good society. I do wish yon could take ? little example from Mr. Snotohley, Mr. N. (going to be violent, bat restraining himssll into viciousness.) I should like nothing botter, for be it Boing to BruHsele. Urs. N. Ah I Mrs. Snotebley is to be envied. Sba enjoya life. Mr. N. (maliciously). You oan enjoy it precisely in tba ?ame way, roy dear. Mrs. N. I, Henry. No; I am not complaining Mr. N. That's a comfort. ' Mrs, JST, But to compare the pleasurable excitement ol Urs. Snotohley'a life with my monotonous existence li perfectly absurd. Hr. N. Comparisons are odióos, my dear, and so ia had temper. , But I merely meant to say tbat on thc present cecation Mrs. Snotobley's pleasurable exoitemen! Brill be derived from reading the letters her husband maj write her from' abtoad. Mrs. N. He wri'es beautiful letters, for he is a man o: polished education, and it is delightful to read them Audit is very considerate of bim not to drag her ebrose .With him in thia unoertain weather. Mr. N. One man may steal a horse and another ii banged for looking over a hedge. Mrs. N. I bave heard that wise men make proverbs and-those wbo are not wise men-quote .them. I d< Bot effeot to understand your moaning. Hr. N, No, there is no affectation about yon, every .body knows tbat. I mean that Snotohley ia praised foi leaving biB wife at home, while I .waa abased for doini the same thing. ,.' Mrs. N. Tnat is what a maa oalls an argument I Tbl -weather during your Paris trip was lovely. Mr. N. It rained four days out of "ir. . Hrs. N, The Paria letters ia the Tim«« did not say so, Henry, but I have no wish to oonviot yan of deosit. We nave more important matters to speak of. Hr. N, More important than my oharaoter for honest] and troth, Madam 1 What do you mean by tbat 7 Hrs. N. Do n t be so violent, SnppoBs the ohildrer beard yeo. Hr. N. How ean they hear me, when they ire in theil breskfast.roomf-you talk nonsense. Hrs. N. Wivss always do, of course; do not' tht «. Flips" hold that as an ar tide of belief? But thit wretchedly built house allows everything to ba hsard from one room to another, and . that bringa me again tc what I wanted to Bay. Have yon given notioe to tht landlord 7 Hr. N. Notioe of what, that wo oan hear through hit ,w»l!af Uta, N. (firmly). Notice that we leave his house at Xsdy-day. Hr. N. Certainly not, because wa don't. Mrs. N. Henry I* Mr. N. That is my name, Maria. It WBB given me by my godfatners and godmother at my baptism. '. Mrs. N. I mutt leave the room, of eoutBB, if you in- dulge in Buch profane language. Hr. N. Ia that, the way* to speak of your oafeohfsm Hrs, Naggletonf I thought you knew better things. Hrs. N. Henry, be serious, if possible, not for my flake, I should not think of mentioning myself, but foi that of the okildren for'wbom you profess some regard »nd lor whom, whether yon care for them or not, tb« world expeots you to show Borne consideration. ' It IE anmanly to go off in jeera and jeats when a wife ÍB talk, lng to yon of their health and happiness. . Hr. N. You have eaid nothing about their health, . At for their happiness, that about of laughing-there it goes ?gain-does not seem to ssy that tbsy are partioulailj .miserable. Hrs; N. A ohild will sit ap on a siok bsd and laugh. Hr. N. Yes, at a dootor liba Polèr Grievous, and wall IIB may. Now, ore you going to qnoto Peter Grievous to ans. Hrs. N. Without disonsBing the wit of calling a pro. sessional man like Dr. Petro Gravóla by a vulgar niok. ' name, I hops a mother may remind you of what he said. Mr. N. He said that Brompton WBB a relaxing air. Hrs, N. He said that the air of South Eeneington Wis relaxing. Mr. N. Well oorreoted, M'm, and thank you. Wa are in Brompton, but as I oall the place South Keneinglon ¿o oblige you, snppose yon live in it to oblige me. Hrs. N. (solemnly.) I hope that I know a wife's duty, lt ia to accept tba lot wbioh ber. husband may force upon her, anil to live, as long as she is spated, where tua 'caprice diätstes. Hr. N. Caprice I Now that ii-coi\f»u*d lt, Maria, you bave no right to ray tint. Was it I who insisted on moving here from Bedford Square 7 . .... Hrs. N. Yis. Hr. N. Well, lam-never mind; . Hrsi N. Henry, it is well ' that you abstained from adjuration. Let your own conscience tell you whether it waa not you who Insisted on moving here, and whether I did not beseech for a houee lower down. Hr. N. Yes, at two hundred and ten guiness a year. Io do you jnstioB you did, but one of us was not insane. Hrs. N. I am left utterly in the dark as to my hus- band's means, and it is manly in him to reproaeh me with having believed in bis own aooountB of biB prosperity. Hr. N. (sternly). None of that nonsense, Haría, ii yon please.. I put np with a good deal, but not with downright falsehood and injustice Wa should hsve . been simply mad to take that noose. I took this to please yon. Now, where do yon want to go next 7 Hrs. N. (pocket handkerobief praotioe). I have no Wish, Henry. It matters little to me where I Bpend the remainder of my existenoe, and BB I have said, it is my duty to remain with yon. Let it be so, and do not give the notioe. Bot Í have also a duty as a mother, and I cannot see, my ohlloren falling away undei (tre- mendous shout from the children in the next room, and clatter). Hr. N. Falling away under the table-go on. I hope Blink!tty hue bumped her heed, though. (Another shout). - No, all right. Go on with your desoriplion of Jhslr misery, my dear, Hrs. N. It is in vain pleading to hardened levity. I Will merely soy that il we remain here, I shall erringe lo send the t oys to L ominster, to theirunols, Emmeline to my cousin at Mold, and I dare say tbat Mamma will receive Cecilla. Yon need not look BO alarmed-what ever pecuniary compensation may be necessary I will retienen from my own comforts. Hr. N. Blinhitty shan't go to Hold, the boys shall remalri it home till they are old enough for Harrow, sod SS for Syllabubs, yon onghi to be ashamed of yourself (or thinkiog of turning her out of the house, . Mrs. N. lt ia yon who tura tbs poor ohild out, sod Cast her on the meroieB of Mr. N. Of your Mamma, eh 7 You did not : mean that, old girl, but you've jual said it. No,'we'll not have Syllabus brought up on ghosts and Calvinism) Mrs. N. Mamma's persuasions-' Ur. N. Persatsions,no, by Jove. That's not" the word. I don't think she wasted muoh time in per. ausding her children, especially if their ears were within reaoh, Syllabubs don't go there, and that's Medo.Porsio, Harta. Hrs, N. We will disoontioue the conversation, if you please,until I have bad time to consult »Uh my brother Cornelius. Mr. N. While yon are about ir, consult him about a Cheque he borrowed of me on Tuesday, and .was to have teturned the day before yesterday. Consult your great fjrandmpther I Well, if you and Peter Grievous say we must gs; exeunt the Noggletons; Now, then, whore oro we to go to 7 Hrs. N. Where you please, but in the first plaoe re- member that our moviug at all ls all your own doing, not mine, and that I have offered to make every arrange- ment that would enable you to remain bare. Mr. Ni I like tbat. And take away my ohlldreo from; me-what the lawyers call the rule in Shelley's case. : 1 Hrs. N. Bently, if you will attempt what you think wit, it should be new. You tried that speeob .before Mr. Wyndham Wareham, and ho pointed ont that yon bsd made a ridiculous blander. Hr. N. You have a pleasant memory, dear. I ask you .Where you want to live. Hrs. N. I answer tbat U is for you to decide. Hr. N. 1 know what that means. Well, I saw a bill np in one ot the smaller houses in Bussell Square. I'll look in aa I go into tho ol ty. Hrs.- N. (tearfully.) The truth is breaking in upon me; Henry. I will bear lt aa .well as I can, bul a Woman's nature requires Borne allowance. Uri N. Certainly, and yours to. twenty pounds' a week, not a bad allowance for any woman's nature. Mrs. N.~ Yes, yes, and your incessant harping on that Inoome confirms all my forebodings. You are going down lo the world I Confess it to your wife. Henry. «Ve women beor theso things more bravely than you ?bink, only toll me all. Ur.N. (lu an intense rage.) By Jove,'if I were to tell you all that Is on my tonguo,-you Mould hear some. Wing. Whit do yon mean t¿ Mr*, N, There I I »rn oalm,"ron sba)! Beano more »far»,i (Pockets brr nepdkerobief,) Now'Iben. We moat give op thia house, you a»y, »nd retire into obsourity, And eli bough you b»va net seid BO, you wish to save (be eiptnsea of a plans of business, I see your meaning, dear. Ter, Eonry, perhaps that will be well, and aa Busae!) Bqaare ia In the heart of the oily, your etookbrokrra and silk merohants and all that aoit of people oould oome there after you. I wonld give np the lower part of the house, but perhapa you wonld not mind letting them ring the area bell. Never be afraid to trnat a wife, Henry. Yon abell see how I will help you in retrenchment. I will give my Canary birda to HoBter Daedle thia very afternoon, and the obildren shall be gradually brought to agree to part with Floppy, Give the notioe, dear, and look at the house. Mr. N (who baa been turning several ooloura, but none of them pleasing to the eye, and who now Bp cake in a low, BUhdued \oioe, being afraid totruit bia tongue teat it abould bolt into the field of bad language). Mrs. Naggletori, lh°rs ia one house whloh would suit yon un- commonly well, »nd you may behold it, M'm, oe tba left aide of the Brighton railway, near Beigate. It is oalled, Madam, the Alf lum for Idiots:' [He rushes ont of the room, and bolla himself into what he calls bis "study." Mrs, Naggleton, with ' o triumphant smile, tekeB out " Mogg" from the sideboard drtwer, and plaoing the m Bp before ber, measures the distances between variona ' plaoBB aod one point to whioh she always reoura, a Terraoe near Hyde Park Gardens, WA wonder whether we shall meet ber there,-Punch PHTSIOONOHY.-The winter session of the University o* Edinburgh was opened on Monday afternoon by the Princi- pal, Bir David Brewster, who, aa usual, delivered ' on in- troductory address, in the course of whioh he touched on many topies. Among others, be said that one of the charac- teristics of the age in' whioh we liva waa ita love of tba mysterious and marvellous. " I refer to the Bo-oalled soienoe ot physiognomy, bot more especially to that morbid ex- pansion of it called the physiognomy of the haman form whioh has been elaborated in Germany, and is now likely to obtain possession of the English mind.; 'In want* of any .ther arguments, our physiognomists assert that it is simply probable that the outer form would be designed on purpose to represent the mental character, and on thia ground they dogmatically doolam. that the expression of rage, or grief, or fear have been, divinely designed on purpose that the inner mind may he known to those who watoh the oater man.' The persons who use Buoh arguments and buYe resource to auch assump- tions never propose to make any indnotive comparison of a certain number of well measured forma with the wall-ascer- tained mental phasea with whioh they are associated Were aaoh experiments made they would yield no result. No two physiognomists, acting separately, wonld agree in measur- ing and oharaoteriaing'tbe forma and indications of the head, the features, the bands, and the feet cf the patient ; and no twp mea-neither the lagacioue judge on the bench, nor the shrewd counsel at, he bar-oould determine bia real character were they to conjure with all the events of his life, in thia new physiognomy, a head large in the mid region indicates a predominance of the feelings over tho other faoultiea ; a proneness ta superstition and fanaticism ia ahown by a little increase in the elevation, and a head large behind evinces praotioal ability ; and, aa Dr. CaruaaayB, characterizes a race whioh will give birth to great historio namea I Small heads however, are not to be despised. They indicate talent, hat not genios, while very email ones belong, he BBJB, to the exoitsbie claea, from whom ' a great part of the misery of society arises " In the varying ex- pressions of the human face phyaiognomiata find a better support for their views. That the emotione of the past and the present leave permanent traces on the human counten- ance is doubtless true, and to this extent we are all phy BlognomiBtB, oiten very presnmptuous one», and, exoepting accidental coinaidenoeB, always in the wrong, when we infer from any external appearance the character and disposition of oar neighbour. In every ol ass of sooiety we encounter faces which we instinctively »hun, and others to whioh we as instinctively ding. Bnt how frequently have we found our estimator to be false ? Tho repulsive aspeo t bas proved to bo the result of physical suffering, of domestic disquiet, or of ruined fortunos; and under tho bland and smiling countenance a heart deceitnl and vindictive, and ' desper- ately wicked,' haB often been found concealed." Taara BUN OFF TUB LINE.-The following amusingly impudent letter waa addressed to the Society of Cogers, meeting at their hall, Shoe-lane, London. It appeara that wbile Mr. Train WBB in England he was a member of tbia Seoiety :-" Severe House, Boston, September 30,1803. Dear Cogers-I am knooking the bottom out of. English oriBtooraoy every time. To-day I have more power than any man in this empire. I speak to ctOOO and 0000 at a time, and take 000 to 10OO dollars for an hour's talk, Borne of whioh (BB in England all wen') goes to oharity, I am smashing up the abolition party here, and you BBB on my note-paper my maxims. lam with! yon, as you know. There are SOO in dreBS oirole, 3000 ! in pit. I belong to the pit, . England must have her re. volution. The . times are changing. The boya in tbe discussion halla will some day be a power. Think moro of youraelves. Bemember what I have eaid to you. Give regards to G- and O'B- and others. Tell them to keep my memory green. I am a Coger. Do 1 yon want Shoe-lane advertised ell over the world t Then get up a splendid address from the Cogers aa being from the people of England to me, speaking of my qualities aa a debater, of my charitable aotions, of my Union Habt, of my prophecies, end my warnings Let it be sign d by the Cogers, and resolutions strong, andi will reply, pub- lishing tba oorreepondenae. My nome is in all mouths, 80,000 photographs off, and bought by the dozen. When 1 pitch into England, remember I only speak the senti. mente of ?-, to whom give bind regards. I am too young to take Charlea Sumner's plaoe in the Senate, elsa I abould bo eleoted by acclamation. I look to my de- bating educntion in the discussion ball OB tbe moat im Îiortant feature of my publio life. No member of Par- lament can compote with tbe minds under your hospit- able roof.-Sinoerely, G. F. Train." Thu mottoes referred to in Mr. Train'a letter are severally printed on the oorners of the note-paper, and ore aa follows s-" Death to England." " Cheer for tbe Union," " Death ta TreaBOB," " Obey tbe President." On the envelope we find-1 Buy noEngliBhgooda,"k" Amerloa for Americans,1' " Oar oountry heads the world," and another whioh waa BO obaoured by the postage.stamp that it could not be deeiphered. By a unanimoue vote of a crowded meeting Mr. Train woe subsequently unanimoualy expelled from the Sooiety. j 