DIOCESE OF WESTMINSTER. The metropolitan Pro Catheral Church was the scene, last. Sunday, of the Whitsuntide solemnities, which, like those, of Easter, were again presided over, after an interval of three years, by our illustrious Chief Pastor, in renewed and we are glad to remark, increasing health : and vigour. The size of London is now such that a visit to the'mother church of the arch diocese becomes 'quite an undertaking of moment to manj1' who live in other parts, of the vast city, cut we venture connaently to say that such a visit to one' or other of the ; high fasti vals of the year, Christams Day, Easter, Whitsuntide, or the Sunday within the Octave of Corpus Christi, would not fail to repay any one wno should make it. True, the church! is small tor its lofty title, but the elegance of its decorations, and dignity and space of sanctuary, and the decorous and exact solemnity of the Pontifical ceremonies which are here performed, aria such no trne Catholic can fail to find in them much to edify and to delight his piety and faith. On such occasion, a* tbat of last Sunday, when. the Cardinal Archbishop assists in his Pontifical vestments at the throne, while another Mitred ! Prelate, the venerable and amiable Bishop of Troy, celebrates, the August Mysteries of the ; Altar, both, are attended by their respective ; assistant Presbyter-) and Deacons, all habited In the gorgeous vestments of their offices, and by the attendant Ministers of their episcopal in- ?- signia in rieh copes, a spectacle of such magui- .. . fieauce in the service of God and His Church is presented to the eye as nowhere else, save in the very Court of the Sovereign Pontiff, can be seen. ~ List Suuday, we had again the happiness of '! hearing the Cardinal Arclicishop preach one of those appropriate and effective homilies on the commemoration of the day. vAfter the Gospel His Eminence descended from the throne, and, after a brief prayer before the Altar, was conducted ?? to, a platform in front of the Sanctuary, where, attended by his Deacons, he delivered a discourse which riveted the attention of a densely-crowded auditory for nearly three quarters of an hour. Tne Cardinal commenced by alluding to the great and ineluctible testimony of the historic fact of the descant of God the Holy Ghost eighteen centuries ago, afforded by the uninter rupted solemn, public, and universal celebration \ of the event from that day to this. He then contrasted in striking and eloquent periods the publicity of the evidence of the fact of tha Resurrection with the almost jealous exclusion of all witnesses, save the very recipients them- . ; selves of the Pentecostal gifts from that secluded upper chamber in which it was poured forth; in contrast to which, he sketched out, with unavoidable brevity, the vast and continuous fisld of evidence for^this latter evant which are contained in the stupendous results which have thence ensued, perpetually renewed in the Apostles themselves and in the Church which they founded. He vividly drew a contrasted picture of St. Peter and his few companions1 before the descent of the Holy .Ghost, showing how incorrect must ba any hypothetic account . of the great change in them, not based upon the supernatural and Divine character of its cause. Tne rude manners, uncultivated minds, and boorish dialect of the Galilean fisherman were suddenly and once for all changed so signally, that their very individuality seem to have been transmuted, and that the astounding pheno menon of their speech in every known tongue was but a part and a specimen of the new powers which shone forth upon the astonished world, whose conversation was to be achieved through their instrumentality. His Eminence evidently put constraint upon himself in order 11 ui 10 ue too long, ana, tnererore, merely auuuea to the vast moral and even physical revolution of which these twelve obscure and . humble instruments in God's hands were the heralds. But he said enough, one should suppose, to make ever3'ono present, who bad ,a mind capable of thought, realise the solidity and firmness of that b=isis of reason on which reposes the evi dence of our Catholic faith, in the fact of the descent and continued habitation of God tha Holy Ghost in the Cburcb. We think if any disciples of Oolonso, or the now already hall i'orgottan ' Essays and Reviews,' were present, tbat the futility of their puny difficulties on the record of Scripture could not but have struck them, wtiile they were dragged along in the rear of this great master- mind, as it reviewed .t.h a wondronsj effects of the mission of the Third Person of that Trinith whotn the Catholic CUarcn alone duly adores. The solemnity of tho Pontifical Mass was much enhanced by the U3ual large choir and instrumental band, the music being Bjethovon's beautiful and touching Mass in O. We were glad to soa that a hand some and a appropriate side altarino, corres ponding to that of Our Lady at the entrance of ; the choir, was this day opened in honour of the , bUssed Benedict, Joseph Labre, the Celestial Patron of the Ni*b.t Refuge in Providencerowi lor wliiah the Kov. Dr. Gilbert and his col leagues have laboured so hard and so success fully. The Cardinal and Bishop of Troy after wards hunourod the Clergy with their presence at lunch, and His B aineoco's carriage was surrounded by a crowd of his spiritual children when he left the presbytery.— Weekly Register, May 30. 