METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. ".''...",_-., (Pram the Li'ttrpool Albion.).... , , London, Saturday Evening, Februar» .7. À SESSION with the first appearance ot an Heir Apparent in the peers appears, at first sight, to be certain to constitute " the greenest spot in memory's waste,'' among the most verdant of ' those who witnessed the scene, should they live to be ss old aa Metheosolem :-that is, as Metheusalem was supposed to have been, till Colenso, , curtailing tho * Pentateuohal patri- arch's longevity by half a dozen centuries or so, brought it to about what Professor Holloway promises to the partakers of hia pills provided only they will take enough, namely, till they can take no more. It may be safely assumed, how- ever, that the proverbial deceitfulness of appear anoeshas seldom been pregnant with more assured disappointment.. Thursday, February the 5th, must be anniversary of the day when Turner tumbled into the middle of that meteoric muddle, which had no beginning and never came to an end, called the "Fallacies of Hope." Apart from the picturesque phantasmagoria of the Prince appearing as a peer where he had no equal, probably no " opening" since Leofric, Earl of Mercia and spouse- of Lady Godiva (progenitor and progenitrix of our peerless PO sat in the Witenagemote of Druid Cardwell's' friends, the Ancient Britons, was ever so sterile of promise as Thursday's. This at least. was indisputable as regards the Commons ; though a little spasmodic rustle of mi!! BO y, crinoline, and a little extraneous male haberdashery, consequent on the presence of royalty, and of the very regal-look- ing mover of the address, lent a sort of factitious earnestness to the routine. proceedings in the other place. There was a blatè and used-up air about the whole business in the lower house that bespoke foregone conclusions at the beginning ; and told the least observant of notetakers that the " wasted year" had been discounted in ad- vance, and all found to be barrenness from Pam to Benjamin. Neither of these figured in the opening ; and the absence of the former, ever present on all such ocoasions, first after Mr, Speaker in going up to the hereditary bar, first before him in returning to the elective ditto, imparted an ominous3 portent to the proceeding ; signifying that he felt there was no further need to trouble himselfcwith the druggery of impo's . ing on the eye of those whose understanding he bad long put to sleep in his pocket. Next to him in the ministry there is nobody; but still some few of the "fortuitous concourse' of atoms'* do arrest attention occasionally ; and, two of them did so-now in the way least to be" desired, by being away, namely, Gladstone and Lewis, through domestic affliction. In the ad- vance ts the upper house of the ninety or a hundred M.P.'a there was a good deal , less of the disorder and boisterousness usually observ- able ; but the improved *. deportment" did not arise from what Mr. Turvydrop would' consider an increased sense of grace and elegance, but from bippishneas and ennui and Duadrearyism ; as if the whole thing were a bore, and that no fellah could be expected to take the trouble, of trying to find out what it was all about, lugu- briousness of their unwonted torpidity engen- dering cogitations such as ali Cumming's1 con- sternation poathumicB would wholly fail to awaken. ' No churchyard in this wide world yawns with suggestiveness of mortality half BO signi- ficant as the half hundred yards stretching be- tween Mr. Speaker's chair in the one house and the throne in the other. This is the true Bridge of Mirza, down which passengers ever drop, disappearing in the whirlpool of oblivion below ; while other crowds hurry ever on, as if each, indi idual were guaranteed everlasting vivacity, and that to-morrow was never to come. Session after session the notables traversing this narrow causeway become more conspicuous by their memory, till hardly one above the level of the herd ÍB left. . Bnt strangest fatuity of a fatuous age, stultifying itself in the one article ' pf that one faith it alone respects, namely, the supply and the demand doctrine of political economy, just in proportion to the scantiness of the supply the demand diminishes ; in proportion to the ex- igency of the demand the supply diminishes, yet the price declines. The fable of the sybil and the books has ceased to carry a, moral. Numa is superseded by Newdegate, and the result ÍB before us, in a fashion that causes the British lion to be a muoh more' idiotic animal than the Roman wolf, especially os Niebuhr says the latter is as apocryphal an animal as tho Bishop of Natal pronounces the denizens in the zoological gardens of Moses. Never was nation so in want of a man. Never was a man so necessary to a nation. Yet the indifference of tho nation to the loss of its most respect- able substitutes, for a man augments exactly when apprehension should be agonising. Cal- losity is the characteristic of this emotional era of ours, wherein such is the craving for sensa lion that the chances of being roasted alive in- flames feminine ardour for'combustible petti- coats, while the masculino mind thinks that the chef, oVawve of creation ia exemplified in torpedoes and electric eels, as there must be always something stimulating going on in a society that carrieä its own galvanic apparatus at full cock in its tail, and in which when any two heads come together, positive and negative, an explosion has to be reported. When the Com- mons abounded in uncommonly clever fellows, the death of one excited the liveliest emotion in the rest ; and even the surviving dunces affected a virtue they did not possess, and pretended to be out of their wits about the public loss of brains they hadn't the private, sense to comprehend, but yet were not such fools as to let others be the wiser on that head. So it was in the peers ; and thero the deoency of the hypocrisy was kept until a very recent date ; na in the instance of Lord Campbell. Every Tnddresque Plantagenet!sed peer in the place pretended to bewail Plain Jock, as though all the immémorial chivalry ot Rnnneymcde had been concentrated in the pelf- hunting Pict, and obli- terated on his extinguishment; and thia, too, although they got in exchange the astutest, ornatest, consequentialest, progmaticalest piece of pomposity on two legs that over sat on the woolsack ; Westbury regarding himself as equal to a whole chapter of the Order of the Garter, and believing that what- ever is impressive about the great sea arises from his being so superlative a chaff-wax as Termagant Thessiger found when he at- tempted to brow-beat Bethell last seseion, about the ruined bankruptcy runners. * But Bethell's elavation to the upper house depressed not the lower, which is too far gone to feel nbasement from thtB continual withdrawal of mind from tho body, not one atom of which the most potent of microscopes conld disclose the exist- ence, having been added for the InBt twenty years. If there have been, where is if, who is it, and what ÍB it ? And how is it nobody bas seen it, if an it or a he it be? Yet, as juBt said, in proportion to the disappearance of the Titans, the pigmies push themselves forward, as they cease to be overshadowed, by-vast substances, and as high plaoe falls to the lot of the smallest of I men, the allottees assume that they were born with the most capa- cious aptitude fer governmental require- ments. Their example naturally infects the tit- mice and pismires of politics with similar self esteem, till the puzzle is to meet with à man who doesn't believe himself equal to any existing difficulty, and whatever else may turn up. They hava heard that Eu3soll, according to one of his shrewdest and most eandid friends, would have once upon a time had no hesitation to oommand the channel fleet, br give evidence of the highest chirurgical skill upon the living subject on a dissecting table ; Derby playing resurrectionist to the cannon of St. Paul's long-buried joke on Thursday night,'and Ringing it, for the lost time, it is to be hoped, at Finality. They know that his lordship's belief in himself imposed on the country,and procured him the opportunity of at- tempting many things much more astonishing, and proportionately perilous to the publio. They see that the Earl has so gone down- io nothing that it is only his contemporaries of elder date can believe in his earlier status, or that he ever could have been anything ; and each cypher now gives himself similar airs, in the not unwarranted assumption that like brass may yield like gold ; the real philosopher's stone, in his case accord- ing to remorseless Rupert's taunt, being Johnny's disregard of Melbourne's advice-" can't you let it alone I" Why all this moralising now? Has there been an unwonted rnurain among note- worthy members, and is the pathway between the two houses so peopled with the ghosts of recently departed. celebrities that there needs an up- lifting of the voice of lamentation to the vanitas vanitas tune, and a wringing of the hands of despondency o*er the pitiable present ? No ; there is no very particular provoca- tion to peevish pensiveness on the opening of the present Parliament, only in so far as that worst of maladies in nation or individual, optimism,-not thinking unreasonably well of things in general, but of one's self in particular -is shown to be more chronic- Doctor Connolly, and a few others of the wise mad doctors . say, that when a patient is afflicted with I'm-the-fínest-ferlow-in-the-worldism, it is all up with him ; that you can get any concei t out of a man's head save self-conceit; for, when that enters, nineteen diabolic gorillas enter'with it, and no exoroist can expel one.of them. As with individuals so - with ? commu- nities, and with the community we are talking , of , above all others. The real fault of the House of Commons is, the belief that it is faultless, the conviction that there can't be a better, and the determination that there shan't be a better; though said determi nation is perhaps the surest proof that though the long-coming " man " may not be at hand, the " hour is going to strike, for all that, and ali the more decisively because of that. . Hence, in looking upon Thursday's gathering, after three whole apprenticeships of seven years each, as these columns testify, to the art of Up- raising the folly of the assembled wisdom, the first consideration that occurred to yonr corres pondent, now recording .such ruminations perhaps for the last time, uand chewing tho cud of many a sweet and bitter fancy while so doing, wás,-How near to downright death and dissolution is this all but moribund i body, a caput mortuum Bave for the octogenarian head that imparts an adventitious vitality to ! what has really no inherent life ? But is not the House a Hydro, and as fast as one head is cut off, does not another of a hundred spring up. Not Hydra; nor even Cerberus. Glad- stone himsftlf would hardly anggeut the posai bi l:ty of a choice of one of three heads being found in the whole multitude : and iii the event of that next and much needed'head lies the tale each and all fear to unfold. But the want of that proximate head, in the presence of an occurrence like the death of Lansdowne admonishing us of the precariousness of thé present head's tenure of its supremacy, brings us face to face with that fearfulest of all spectres, and one of a decidedly Irish description, vacancy, emptiness, the absence of even the shadow pf a sham Conceive a House, any house that by any possi- bility could be elected by the present constituen- cies out of those convertible into any sort of M.P.'s being led by any other than the present leader? Couldn't it be led by the last leader? Not at all. The presence of the present leader gave the late leader the faculty and tbe fashion of leadership, the coherer cy of conduct essential to control; furnishing the necessary anchorage, as it were, for the Conservative craft to hold on by, and. so preventing the rudder- less compassless drifting into interminable eddies that would now take place were he from the Exe to be called tb the Styx. There was somewhat of a colourable reality in the opposi- tion of Palmerston to Disraeli; for, although the latter was doing the work of the former far better than ' the other found it safe or conve- nient openly to do himself, as in the instance of Malmesbury ostentatiously walking into the trap "of the Danish Treaty, and so consummating in the Sound the very object for which the Paoificco imposture was kicked up in the Pirwus, the insatiate voracity of Russell for the naked spoils of office, and his total in- difference to the artistio rapture of playing or being made to play the true game of the 7iau>e politique out of the enemy's hand, imparted an earnestneFS to the throwing over of reform which elevated the shabbiness almost to sublimity. But Thursday night's doings, or rather no doings, mußt satisfy the densest rustic that the Disraelian opposition to Palmerston is quite another thing altogether. It is mere transpar- ent b-)Bh ; deceives, and is intended to deceive nobody; and only remands the casual spectator of its ever having been intended to deceive any- body by the laughter of everybody, in the man- ner of a parcel of sparrows in a corn field perching on what was designed for a scare* crow. How this came to pass, and why it came to pasB, is known only to him who causod it to come to pass, namely, the member for Bucks him- self. . A spark of sincerity, which is equivalent to the same thing, a grain of stupidity would have destroyed all, and, with it, himself I for although the Opposition is an nonentity, its putative child is a very decided substantiality so made by the Minister who WBB so made him- self by his accomplished accomplice; it hoing difficult to Bay whether the dromio of Broadlands or the dromio of Hughenden ia the more copious contribution to the joint-stock conspiratorial purse. But, though the elder of tho twain hos designated the latter to be his successor (and if anything does make the Comic Old Gentleman ferocious it is when some deuced kind friend talks of Clarendon I) the power cannot be transferred with the part. Alexander might bequeath the Macédonien heri- tage to the most worthy. But who was he? and what became of the. Phalanx when each, of half* a-dozoa proclaimed himself tho identical indi* vidual? "A loader, mark you, ia one who leads," as old Tear'em used to tell us in his childhood-meaning-his first, for fear of mistake; his Benthamic babyhood ; and, as a sequence to the sagacious "postulate, it ensues that there oannot, conveniently, be a leader without fol- lowers. A fatal condition to the OauoBsian chieftainship of a working majority, unless, in- deed, Shaftesbury should pour upon, the un moistened brow of the pure Sepbardim the waters of baptismal regeneration, while Sidonian should- subject the evangelical Earl to the process of Mosaic rennovation : then, Coleneo being squashed, and an act for the introduction of the Millennium and unlimited rifled ordnance carried, Vivian Grey, and the President of the Farly-Marrying Christian Widows'Balloon and Worsted Stocking Society, may put their respective best legs forward, and walk over the course-the one like a Reindeer, the other like a Reindeer, staggering Boebuck with their modesty, the merit he most admires-at a distance. Well, if the Wondrous,Boy, who so astonished I is mother and every mother's" son of Mrs. Britannia in his Young England wild oats days, can't lead the commons now that he's five and fifty, how about the Homeric scholar? Why how about anyone who isn't master of himself five minutes out of six, and doesn't, know hu own mind from one moon to another? Not much likelihood of his succeeding to supremacy over the six hundred and odd oddities compo sing tbe commons. To whom, then, shall we turn ? Name any one in partie :lar, and a gen- eral hee-haw rewards the-nomination. Time was, in the. era of intellectual brilliants, when respectable dullness was held , to be a qualifica- tion ; as witness Althorp, who though ponder- ous beyond Baring (Sir Francis understood), and tbat was unendurable avoirdupois indeed, nevertheless was reckoned "so inval- uable a functionary of. the kind specified that his removal to the upper lr ouse dislocated the Melbourne ministry, and the Last of the Barons ' was transmuted into a Baronet for ridiculing William the Fourth's ap- prehension that whig government had become impossible because old Earl Spencer died with- out consulting his majesty's convenience : ' i Would not the house consent to be led by that pre-Adamite adolescent, the member for King's Lynn ? Well, there is no saying what stage of directorial destitution the senatorial stags may [not reach at last. But at present the prospect is not so appaling at that comes to. Stanley, corporeally speaking, from Thursday'd experiences, gets on pretty much as usual ; that is; not exactly like a house on fire, but like a house in the neighbourhood of one that had once been on fire; and that had ever after been afflicted with apprehensions of spontaneous combustion, an! would like to call for the parish engine, if it only knew how. Certainly the "same feeling cannot be shared by those in his vicinage. Proximus ardet O'Callaghan, 'as ULr, Cox, of Finsbury, would say, is a motto never likely to occur to any one at young Hotspur's elbow. Still, as we were' saying, he is getting on. His physique is improving. He looks several years younger than he did last session, and if he progresses at the same rate till 1808, he won't look much older than the Earl of Derby. He was not at the.morning ceremonial of the opening, or probably even his Indian death's-head remembrancer the remorseless Colonel Rathbone, might admit that the countenance of the ingenious youth of thirty-seven WBB capable of expressing inexpressible amazement at the Royal speech as spoken by Bethell. That surprising com. position's -magnificent no-mention of Hie-once ell-absorbing franchisé ; its splendid flash of silence concerning Reform which had capsized consecutive cabinets, and of which the present Foreign Secrejary took anguishing leave for one year only, in a paroxysm of hysterics and cam- bric pocket-handkerchiefs, bespoke that superb distain of what is .comically called public opinion which only our one-man-ruler is capable of ; but whereof, it is to be presumed, the heir ot Knowsley must'be an admirer. If he be no1, surely Rupert junior would say so, and charge home ' upon the mocking minister, who was in his most funambulist vein during the debate, carrying his irony upon the ignorance of his audience to lengths unparagoned previously ; and certainly showing a mastery of the art and of himself presenting a Psychologi- cal Curiosity undreamt of even by the Asian Mystery in Contárini Fleming. In tho evening the attractions, such as they were, gravitated towards the Corinthian chamber. There was ho very irrepressible curiosity felt as to Eozley's views, on cosmogony, even though be were sure to twist his many- threaded yarn into cotton, that missing link without which the social chain is the tangled skein of odds and ends, or rather odds and no ends,, which, is filling our wool-gathering Solomons of civilisation with such cobwebby chimeras con- cerning ohaos and bank discount at 9 per cent. Neither was there any very glowing ...desire ex- perienced as to the Bight Honorable Frederick Henry William Gough Calthorpe upon taste, Shakspeare and the musical glasses ; for if it were not to hold forth on such subjects that, the Honorable Frederiok Henry William was set up, it is difficult to understand why the Honorable Frederick Henry William was put forward at all. A reference to Dod quite assuaged all anxiety about this illustrious obscure, os it appeared from the parliamentary Plutarch, that be is a very advanced .liberal, ' with the ' trifling reservation that he be not called upon to prac- tice bis professions ; and even goes the length of ballot, provided its application ba postponed till there is no possible pretext for its exercise, when, of course, he will vote for the vetoing process till he ÍB as green in the visage as King- lake paints that -least verdant of the genus homo, L.N.B. In the peers, on tho oontrary, thero was, in addition to the initial peep at the Prince, the allurement 'of the Earl of Dudley .aa the mover; a nobleman of considerable promi- nence in the public eye, though not exactly with that portion of the public whoso notice confers . political eclat or the eclat a prudential Mater Familias most admires. The Earl, as is tolerably well known, is so pro5 digiously wealthy that even the proprietorship of the most costly theatre in the world [Her Majesty's] not only didn't overwbe'm him, aa the other house did Delafield, but didn'c seri- ously affect his fortune. It was the saying of a gentleman once well known in Liverpool, though better known on the other aide of the Mersey, when asked which was the speediest road to ruin, that the choice lay between a B'.eani Bhip and an opera-dancer ; that is, in propor-i tion to the badness of the first or the excellence of the latter, so did the keeper of either anne quickest at perdition. But what must be the Aladinio affluence of him who had ' a whole corps de ballet, sufficient to play the " Revolt of-the-Harem" threé timos over at once, on his hands end thoir feet at the atme moment ; together also with squadrons of squa lini howling for his guineas in exohango for their notes ; and whole bands of fiddlers and drummers "scraping and banging away at his pocket, careless whether they played Robert the Devil, or tho oelestial harmony of tho Bpheres, as long as he paid the piper. This he did sharp on the score, without ever appearing a flit ; or expending more than the precise market price on his whistle ; or being suspected of being a crotchet-monger ; while never exhibiting a semi-demi- quaver of nervousness during the whole time of the phlebotomising hubbub. 