MELBOURNE. [From our own Correspondent.] The most important, and yet the most melan- <*> choly item in my news by this mail is the unexpected death of the well-known railway contractor, J.V.A. Bruce. The deceased gentleman was in his usual health on the morning of the day, bat at night com plained of a alight pain in his head, and expressed hie belief that something serious would happen, and desired the attendance of his medical man, which, al though promptly rendered, was of no avail; he gradually sank, and at seven o'clock died. Has funeral was one of the largest that has taken place in Melbourne for some years (excepting Burke and Waia's.) The members of the Ministry, and of the Municipal Coonoi] of Castiemaine, together with s number of members of the different Masonic lodge*, formed part of the procession. Mr. Bruce was a man of indomitable energy, remarkable shrewd' ness, and unflinching perseverance, having fought hi* ?way ?p to his present position entirely by his force of character. He wag the originator of the now cele brated ?? new way to pay old debts," an idea which has been successfully worked out by many of the churches in Victoria. It consists in collecting ar ticles from persona who have so use for them, and, when sufficient are collected, a public auction is held, and they are generally disposed of at very fair prices. Last Friday evening, a youth named Murphy was creating a slight disturbance at St. Francis's Church, I fin* which he was given into custody by the Rev. Mr. Biardoo. After the charge had been entered, the1 reverend gentleman, repenting of his precipitancy, I desired to have the charge withdrawn; this the watch-house keeper refused to do. The Bev. genttanan then proceeded to a Roman Catholic Justice of the peace, named Or. McCarthy, who re leased the prisoner. The daily papers comment very strongly upon this interference with the course of justice, characterising it as an "onwarrantable act," and that at present, with Roman Catholic Priests and Hainan Catholics Justices of the Peace, nothing is im possible. There ia, however, a great possibility of Dr. McCarthy bang struck off the roll as a Justice of the Peace for the colony of Victoria. Garotting in Melbourne appears to be on the in crease. The other night a postman was stuck up in Bast - Melbourne. Showing some resistance, his ruffian assailant said, "If yon move or speak I will out your throat." The wont of it is, none of the perpetrators of these outrages have as yet been dis- j covered; their success will no doubt incite others to tiie committal of similar crimes. MtOtomne Punch has recently changed editors, much to the improvement of the journal. Some of the wood-cut? are very good ; last week, for instance, contained a capital one—A stockman is represented ?peaking to a black bullock-driver; he asks him to take some stores to the station; and concludes with ?* Doyou savee? " The blackfeUow with a look of in effable nriAiumtt l u Go—blazes! take me for a Chinaman ? ** Th** uhistzation is headed ** Colonial pride." IT?nlm, which is gradually' superseding whiting, ?ad becoming an article of export, is being found in many parts of the colony. The BaUarat Star an nounces the discovery of a stratum of pore kaolin, nearly as fine as that prepared for the market Ijy washing. The Herald, a daily paper claiming at one time to be the second in Victoria, has recently reduced its sue and price, the former to four pages, and the latter to one penny. The alteration may be successful ia increasing the number of its subscribers, but I cannot imagine how they expect it to pay. They advertise their number of circulation as over 9,000. There is plenty of reading matter, but* unfortunately for the proprietors, very few advertisements. This fret must in time tell against it, and although it ma; linger for a while, it will eventually, like the Evening Boot and the limet, give up the ghost. On Easter Monday Utt^Vobmteer Beview took place, and was not the success that many anticipated. Only acme 1,600 volunteers attended. Very few now ?earn to doubt the fact that the volunteer movement ia dowly but surely dying out. lake many other tilings, it has had its day. Great numbers of the Tolunteers do not attend drill at all now, and are patiently waiting tfeeir two years of service to expire. The weather has lately been very fine indeed, and during the holidays all Melbourne was "oat of tOWB. M 