PORT GAWLER. IFrom our own Correspondent. I Port Gawler. November 1C. Nothing of much importance has happened the last few weeks beyond the fact that the district is taking great interest in the promotion of educa tion, as there is to be a new schoolroom built in lllc weaiem Slue ui uic uiauiib. x ucnuic me tu&b; of it is to be £400. £200 of which is already collected ; and if the Board supplement that amount it will raise the required sum, 1 believe. Mr. J. H. Browne has subscribed £50 towards it aud an acre of land as the site of the building. This is not the first time- this gentleman's liberality has been shown on such occasions. Several other gentlemen have also given liberal donations towards it Another school is also spoken of for the Two Wells, for which over £60 has been promised, and it is also said that there are upwards of 40 chil dren who might attend the school, if erected. I also hear of another school spoken of on Reeves Plains, where there is a great number of inhabitants. We have at last obtained a master and mistress for the district school, which I believe will be opened in the course of a few days. Haymaking is progressing favourably, and in the course of this week, should the weather prove favourable, it will be nearly all got in. The weather of late has been very warm, and is ripening the wheat very fast The crops look well, and good yields are anticipated should the harvest weather prove favourable. Pepper's Ghost. — This.. so- called novel invention, that has created a 'great sensation,*' is simply a reproduction of a phenomenon known upwards of 200 years ago, as the following will prove :— ' Natural raagick, by John Baptista Porta, a Neapolitane, in twenty books, wherein are set forth all the riches and delights of the natural sciences. London, 1S58. . . . Book 17, p. 370, chap, ix.— How we may see in a chamber things that are not— I thought this an artifice not to be despised, for we may sec in any chamber, if a man look in, those things that were never there, and there is no man so witty that will think he is mistaken. Wherefore, to describe the matter. Let there be a chamber whereinto no other light comes, unless by the door or window where the spectator looks in; let the whole window, or part of it, be of glass, as we used to do to keep out the cold, but let one part be polished, that there may be a looking-glass on both sides, whence the spec tator must look in; for the rest do nothing. Let pictures be set over against this window, marble statues, and such like, for what is without will seem to be within, and what is behind the spec tator's back he will think to be in the middle of the house, as far from the glass inward as they stand from the glass outwardly, and so clearly and certainly that he will think he sees nothing but truth. But lest the skill should be known, let the part be made so where the ornament is that the spectator may not see it, as above his head, that a pavement may come between above his head. And if an ingenious man do this, it is impossible that be should suppose be is deceived.' 