THE NEWS OF THE DAY. The great ovont, the subject of mingled hopes and fears, of grave deliberations and joyous antici pations, is over. The lights aro out, tho decorations faded, and tho dresses consigned, for a time at least, to tho dark recesses of tho wardrobe. But 'twas a joyous thing while it lasted, and no ono, wo will guarauteo, was disappointed with the Mayor's Fancy Dress Ball. Never before last evening has there been such an assemblago within the walls of tho Exhibition Building. Wo have seen, nn nrevious occasions, all the beantv of Vic toria mnstored there to do honor to and celebrate our Sovereign's natal day ; and then we havo also seen at another time a dopntntion of aboriginal chiefs. Last evening, liowovor, all times and all costumes appeared to bo reprosented. Cavaliers of bygono days were resuscitated, and gallant Leices ters onco more paid court to Elizabethian dames. There were merry inonarchs enough to have flirted with all the girls in Christendom, and sufficient friars to have confessed and absolved them after wards. There wore far more Hamlets than Pro fossor Pepper could possibly havo satisfied with ghosts, and enough Ophelias for them all. Thoro wero plenty of brigands to havo infested an Italian mountain, looking despe rate onough to commit any number of murders or abductionB, or to rob any quantity of timid travel lers. Enough Swiss peasants, one would have thought, to cultivate all the hills in Switzerland, and shepherdesses to attend to their (locks ; whilst vivandieres were so numerous and so protty that, to havo admitted them into her Majesty's forces, would most seriously have endangers d the discipline. TUero were black men and white men, and men neither white nor black, but half and half, the line of demarcation being care fully drawn down tho nose. All these matters, however, aro sufficiently noted in another column, and we will here content ourselves by saying that the wliolo affair was a most marked success. All appearod thoroughly to enjoy themselves, and every thing seemed to have been done to socure the comfort and happiness of the guests. The building was most handsomely dccorated by Mr Hill, and great credit is due to Mr Isaacs, of tho London Tavern, for the admirablo manner in which tho refreshment department was conducted. Both tho wines and tho edibles were very good, and they were oil well served. The body of a man, name unknown, was found in tho river, alongside tho Australian vVharf, yesterday afternoon. The body is described as that of a man about 40 years of ago, 5 feet 9 inches in height, broad face, with black hair- and whiskers, the latter worn round the face, and a portion of a moustache, tho other part having been apparently rubbed off through decomposition. Tho body was drosscd in a grey sac coat, black cloth vest, brown cloth trousers, grey Crimean shirt, whito flannel tinder shirt, white cotton drawers, white collar, black silk necktie, red braces, and Wellington boots. In deceased's pocket woro found a new dark pocket book containing a £1 note of tho Unioiji Bank, and 8s 6d in silver; a knifo, a key, and white linen haudkerchiof, also an on velopo addressed ' Mr Davis, Nowinarket Hotel,' which had enclosed a card addressed ' N. E. Buahnll, Royal Oak Hotel, Swanston stroot.' Thero aro no marks of violence on tho body, but tlie de composed Btato in which it was found would indicate that it must havo boon seven or eight dayB in tho water. Tho body was romoved to tho morguo, where it lies for identification, and awaiting tho re sult of a coroner's inquest. In tho Equity Court, yestorday, in tho matter of tho insolvency of William Rutlcdgo, Mr Justico Molesworth doliverod judgment upon tho rulo nisi to expungo a proof of debt by the Bank of Aus tralasia. The rulo was dismissed, with costs. At tho City Court, yesterday, two men named William Butler and Joseph Stevenson, wore charged with breaking into tho shop of Mr Calvert, a poul terer in tho Eastern Market, early on tho morning of Sunday last, and stealing therefrom an iron safe, containing money to tho amount of about £25, and soino deeds of property. A young lad named John Stevenson, the son of ono of tho prisoners, was tho principal actor in tho robbery ; but as his evidonco was required, in order to convict tho others, the chargo against bim was withdrawn, and he was examined as a witness. Nono of tlioBC filial feelings which might render it, at tho least, extremely re pugnant to a son to condcmn liis own father, seemed to affect him, and ho was not in tlio slightest degree disconcerted with tho degrading position he occupied. Ho frankly explained tho way in which tho shop had beon entered. Early on Sunday morning ho climbed on to tho roof and descended through a skylight into tho shop. Ho tlion gropod his way to tho front door, which ho cautiously openod, and his father and tho other prisoner then entered. A little truck was in readiness at the door, and tho safe was carried out with all speed by them whilst he kept watch, and, after being covered with soino fish, it was convoyed to a houso in Littlo Lonsdalo streot, whore, with some clumBy appli ances tlioy had at hand — an axo and chisel — it was cponed in about four hours, and tho money ab stracted. Somo bills they found in it were burnod, but, strange to say, there woro deeds in it of consi dorablo value, and tlieso woro overlooked, as they wero in it next day when it was found lying brokon on a vacant piece of land opposite tho Wesloyan Cliapel, where they had afterwards deposited it. Tho caso was further remanded until Wednesday. A soir£e in colobration of the opening of tho re cently erected north wing of tho Ballaarat Benevo lent Asylum was held on Wednesday last, and was a very great success. Noarly a thousand porsons wero present, and tho gross proceeds will amount to from £125 to £130. ' Tho area of destitution,' says tho Star, ' seems to widen, and besides this tho committoo has constantly to deal with attempts at imposition by lazy or otherwise unsuitablo appli cants for relief.' In pronouncing judgment in a debt case at tho County Court, Geelong, on Tuesday, his Honor t. i,;n Buuguuioirei nuouwniLtiieuuiuiiiio lyuj oi plain tho grounds upon which ho arrived at a deci sion. Tlio Advertiser says — 'His Honor observed that ho was in the habit of watching the counte nances of witnesses as they gave their evidence, and by this test ho felt assured in the present instanco it was tho plaintiff who told tho truth. A Lavater on tho bench may not mako tho most undesirable judge, but, at the samo time, it is scarcely safe for a gon tleman holding such a delicate and responsible posi tion to publicly plcdgo himself to a theory that may cortainly bo upset by tho ordinary cunning of any clover plaintiff or defendant. Moreover, in this in stanco, his Honor's remarks applied in a vory offen sive manner to tho dofondant, who is a respeetablo man, and whoso evidonco was given in a mannor. that certainly did not deserve tho stigma cast upon it.' A congregational. meoting was hold at Meredith, on Tuesday ovoning last, at seven o'clock. Tho Rev. R. M'Pherson, pastor of the congregation, pre sided. After dovotional exorcises and somo romarks from tho chairman, tho Rov. A. Paul, who was pre sent, gave a historical sketch of tho prolongod law proceedings in connection with tho Free Church manse, near Meredith. Tho rov. gontleman pointed out tho singular caso of collision between two con veyances for tho samo property. W. J. Itoid, Esq., also made a statement, dwelling on tho persevering efforts which had been mado to get him to resign his trusteeship to the Presbyterian congregation, though thoy novor appointed him. A vote of thanks was unanimously carried to tho Rov. A. Paul, for his unwearied watchfulness in the matter. Tho trustees woro authorised to sign tho necessary papors conveying tho manse property, in consideration of £200, which, under tho circumstances, was taken as a safe equivalent in view of the confusion in which tho title is involved, and tho unsuitablo position of the present manBe. Tho committeo of management wore instructed to act as a building committoo, in providing a manse for tho minister. It appeared, during the discussion, that tho Rov. P. M'Pherson had beon appointed a trustee for the property at Lethbridge, in placo of the Rev. It. Fleming, who has left tho colony. Tho moeting closed with tlio benediction. Thore was a numerous meeting of tho ratopayorB of Hawthorn, last evening, in tho Town Hall, W. H. Pettett, Esq., in the chair, for the purpose of hearing Mr O'Grady, M.L.A.. explain his opinions upon tho subject of tho Municipal Amendment and Local Government Bills. Mr O'Grady's address was received with satisfaction by tho meeting, and a resolution was passed expressivo of confidence in him as tho representative of South Bourke. 