BUBAL MUNICIPALITY OF GLENORCfiY. MEETING AT NEW TOWN. A public meeting of the ratepayers of New Town vn ws held at Mrs. Mre^Gaylor's, Crown and Anchor Inn New Town, on Tuesday evening last, at half past' seven, at which all parlies opposed^ to tne the original division of the district, as proposed hy the petition lately published in Ihe • Gazette' were invited. There were present the honorable William Carter, M L C.. and Messrs. 1I.S. Barrett, B. Worley, H. tTlatlie- H. Evaus,S. Cato, W. Cato, H. J. Marsh, JBurtin, E. White, II. White, A. Murrell, J. gkdUr. W. A> Mackay, A. Thompson White T. JJvniis junior, W. Robb, G. Brammall, G. Reynolds, W .Teflrey, II. Brown, Ford, Hughes, &c.; The honorable William Carter, Fsq., M. L. C. was voted to the chair, and having read the advertisement, c'llingthe meeting, said he had not had any communication with the gentlemen who called the meeting, but he ptesumed it was for the purposeof advocating the same movement as the previous meeting held on the subject was called for, to claim for the districtof New Town a fairdivision for the intended municipalities and to protest against any infringement of the rights of the New Town district. Hethnught on a former occasion, aud lie still thought that the whole ol the district ought to he under one municipality, hut as the residents of Glcnorchy were so opposed to this, it would be useless to think of obtaining it. lie presumed, however, the true objects of the meeting would be laid before them hy the gentleftian who had called them together (cheers). . Mr. S. Cato said he had no doubt they might feel somewhat surprised . nt his having called them together, but he might state that lie was under the impression, that it was necessary under the act that the counter petition 6hould he sent in within one month from the reception of the former one, and knowing that the month had more than halt gone, he thought there was no time to lose; however, he had since ascertained the time allowed was two months, instead of one. The principal objects of the meeting were to adopt a protest to the government against theGlenorchy petition, and obtain signatures to it, and then forward it to his Excellency the Governor, requesting him to disallow the request contained in the petition from tho 61 landholders In Glenorcliy. Their request was preposterous; Ihcy asked for their boundaries to be from the Blacksnake, to the Newtown Rivulet. Had they been satisfied to take their boundary at Humphrey's Rivulet he would not have objected, but if they were to allow this they would he assenting to their taking a large portion of the Newtown assessments to expend on the Glenorcliy District. He calculated that from the Black Snake to Humphrey's Rivulet there would be Ll 16 odd taken, while from Humphrey's Rivulet to the Newtown Rivulet there would in that small space be LI 32 odd, and that sum they wanted to despoil Newtown of. There were many gentlemen present who could speak better thau he, and lie could not therefore do better than read the petition or protest. The Speaker then read the document. That document lie thought should he signed without delay. The township of New Town, as defined as IL police district, commenced from the boundary of Bobart Town, and extended to the 4th mile stone, and if the district was to be divided at all, those were the proper boundaries. Mr. H. S. Barrett Eaid he had given this matter tome consideration ever since the first movement for Municipal Action was commeiiccd. The Glenorcliy people were endeavouring to do what the New Town people would not allow thcin to do, nor did he blame the Glenorcliy folks at all, if tile Newlowners were fools enough to allow them (cheers). It Imd been said by some of those who were canvassing for the division of the district, as defined by the Glenorcliy folks, viz., the New Town Rivulet, that he (Mr. il) was a fool, becausc he w.juld not sign their petition, well, probably l.e was, but it was nothing new, for he had IKCII a fool all his life (laughter), and supposed he 6huuld be to the end of Uie chapter. Hi's interest was on this side of the rivulet, but perhaps if it were oil the other, he might have gone with Iheni, for self interest was a great thing, and indeed it had without doubt been the tiling which swayed the Glenorcliy folks. They have told their people they will only require a sixpenny rate, for they did nut require roads as they had a fine main line o£ road. They also wanted to move the head quarters to O'Hricn's Bridge. Welt let them have it by ali means, but if tliey have itlet Iheni pay for it. Now and then utthe present time they did see the ghost of a policeman, hut by and bye, under such an arrangement, I hey would be like angels' visits. They had also said , "oh, but there is a debt due on the Augustalload District of L700," and lie had been toldso again only to-day, but- he did not believe it. New Town had always been a very quiet place, and lie hoped it would be kept so. No one kneiv better than lie did that municipal action could not be carried un without taxation, and he knew equally well that a sixpenny rate would not be sufficient.' The •lenorchy people wanted to surround themselves with the luxuries of New Town, iiut if the New Town people would keep themselves alivi, tlicy would carry llieir poinHcheers). If their petition wastigned hy eighty one ratepayers and residents, ours must be signed by eighty two. He would like tn know what tlicy wanted to go on the Risdon lload for; it was a pity they did lint come a little further and ask for A sixpenny rate for New Town also. They say they will take care of Glenorcliy at all events, and they object to Xe.i-Town having a voice, for they would be able to return the men tlicy wont. Oh. no, they mustn't come down to where the people were (cheers). New Town, they say, was a suburban, but Glcnorthy was a rural district. He thought they had as much rural felicity as they hod, Iruo, they had not their sheep-walks, hut if they were not careful tlicy would have a thtcpwalk riplit down to New Town (cheers), l'hey were told that New Town ended at the Beach Tavern, Sandy Bay (laughter), and pave them the Cascade Factory and the Cascades in, and also Mount Wellington; these were EOUIU of the absurdities that were talked of. Let both sides of the question be fairly discussed;—he would like to see a meeting called at Cooley's and the Glenorcliy folks invited to alttnd, aud then thev would probably hcinformed of seme uf the advantages to be derived from taking in part of New Town, He liked to have come fair opposition and something to fight against, for they were all of one opinion at this Meeting. He trusted that the piuUtl would be numerously signed; they did not olijeet to municipal action, but let them have the proper boundaries defined, and if they could do without roads at Glenorcliy well and good, but they could nut do without roads at New Town nt all events (applause). . Mr. Worley said when lie first heard of the mectinghe regretted that it had been called, for lie believed ii to be premature; but he now thought it would be productive of some good, as there would be much additional information derived from the various speeches. Some time since a meeting was called at Cooley's, and a deputation was appointed to wait up^n the Prime-minister, and on Friday last Ihcy did so. The deputation, however, soon discovered that Mr. Win-to seemed rather favorable to •he Glenorcliy people's petition, lor Mr. Whyle argued very strongly that with the Cascades ami Iwitly Hay included it might be an U'lvnntiigeous 'hvison (or N.u- T.i'vn; hut hc-need not toll thcin the deputation could not a free with Ibis f ingestion, and atur soiue discussion nctwccn iheni tire jepuiajion left, Mr. Why to having (list assi red tliem that the matt.r would receive eveiy consideration at the fciSSis .. hands of the government, and that he would take care and consult with the gentlemen at Glenorchy in order, if possible, to obtain an amicable settlement, and that so Boon as he did so be would forward a definite answer to them (applause); that answer they were noir waiting for, and as soon as they received the answer from Mr. Wliyte they intended to •all a public meeting and lay it before them (cheers). He protested against the boundaries asked for by their Glenorchy friends; it would be contrary to justice; the police aud all those who ought to know best believed their plan was by far the i^ost preferable. Hethoughtit best to make the whole into one municipality, but Glenorchy was so opposed to this that it would be useless to urge it. be could not understand the reason of this objection, unless it was their dread that tliey might be ruined by the extravagance of New Town (laughter) . They were not going to have a municipal rate at all, oh, no, they did not require it, only a police rate which under the act they were bound to levy. It was quite clear, if all Glenorcliy were proclaimed a municipality, thev need not uuke Glenorchy a road district at all. The Glenorchy people were probably unaware, or appeared to be ignorant of the fact that they were not to be Jtlie only judges as to what would constitute an efficient police force, for the Inspector of Police, if in his opinion the police force was inefficient, could compel them to provide what he considered adequate police protection. All New Town asked was to hare their own township as their boundary. Tlioy asked no more, and they would take n oless. He hail calculated and found that it would make L80 per year difference to the m in levying a sixpenny rate between the boundary thev asked for, aud iliat which the Glenorchy people wanted, and that would be of some importance. He thought that they would, with their proper boundaries, be able to carry out municipal action, by levying a municipal rate of a shilling, and a police rate of nine pence. He might aUo inform tlicm tliat tho deputation ascertained from Mr. Whyte that it was not the intention of the Government to withdraw the grant-in-aid to municipalities, and that none but the enemies of the Government would have spread such a report; the Government knew perfectly well that no country municipality could exist if the grant-in-aid were withdrawn; he assured them there was nnL the slightest ground for such a report, He stated this because it had been commonly believed that the intention of tile Government was to withdraw the grant-in-aid. Ho would however, stlggest that flic protest instead of being signed nt once should remain over for a few days, until they heard something definite from the Government, aiid then the deputation would call a meeting. He was in favor oE the protest, and would willingly Bign it, hut lie threw out the suggestion, that for the sake of a few days they should let the petition stand over, in order to obtain a definite answer from the Government which could then be laid before the meeting (applausc). Mr. S. Cato said the protest was entirely in the hands of the meeting, and if they thought the delay was desirable they could have it; at all events it would enable tliem to have further time, and the meeting would at its close adjbaru probably to anothcr day. Mr. W. Cato said he wished to deny the assertion tliat the Augusta lload District was in debt L700. Ile had heard that Mr. Biltou had only that very day asserted they were L700 iu debt. lie might state that about four years ago they wished to borrow LlOOl) on the morlgageof their tolls, but the meeting had outvoted those who wished it. During the present year the trustees had borrowed L200 from the bank, and had made themselves individually liahle for it, in the event of the rates not being sufficient. They had never yet mortgaged their tolls. The Chairman—Tou have not said if j ou borrowed the L70H, or whether you are in debt. Mr. Cato said they did not owe L700, nor had they ever borrowed that sum, and the L200 for which the trustees were responsible had all been paid back, and they were now entirely out of debt, and indeed had money in hands— few pounds—ill the present time, he agreed with Mr. Barrett that they ought to have another meeting at Cooley's, and hear the matter discusscd, and both aides of tho question fairly argued, (applause). Mr. 11. y. Barrett Baid in order to put the question fully before the meeting, he moved that the protest just read, be adopted, and signed as soon as possible, and forwarded to the Governor. He differed with his friend, Mr. Worley, fur not only could he see nothing objectionable in the protest, but he thought no delay should take place in sending it in, and that if possible it should be sent iu to-morrow, lie know from conversations which he li*d with a member of the government, that ministeis were in favor of the Glenorchy Municipality (dtsapprobation), hn did unt know, nor did lie understand the reason why this should lie, they say " you (New Town), arc a pretty suburdan Villa, and you can have your little municipality, yuu could inert in Town so nicely," (humbler), lie thought they had quite enough talking in Town, what with their up;ier house, and lower house, and their municipality, there enough of that. He should, as he said before, like to see the protest go to-morrow, (cheers), fur if they were too backward they would find tiiat the Glciitirohy people would have all llieir own way. New TOMI would look well if tliey had to 6ay by and bye, Please take us into your district, and let us cnine Willi you" (cheers). lie felt iu earnest in the matter, anil should not lose one hour in petitioning the government; let us begin to grumble, as was our p.ivilcgc, before there «•«• a chance of receiving an adveise decision. If tliey delayed until the eircuiulocutiou otliee had done their work-, tl.ey would have to wait some time, lie knew i —when he was a member of the Municipal Council— that they had h.i<l to wait for two or three inonlhs j for answers to letters. He assured them, in sonic p cases, ho had written to England and received an- t swers to his letters almost; iis soon as replies were i received from the government. He was afraid if a thc-y delayed tiolong that the influence which would b be brought to bear on the government from cs Glenorchy would induou them to sanction the petition from the Glenorcliy people, l'lie protest would strengthen the hands of the deputation, and he now p moved it. o Mr. Cato seconded. Mr. Carter reminded the meeting that this meeting was quite distinct from ilie one lieid at Cooley's, for " that wns only meeting of those who signed the petition, this was a meeting of all the ratepayers of a New Town. 11c admitted the protest might strengthen then), hut lie would suggest that a petition be also forwarded with the protest. Mr. Worley suggested that the protest should be read again, andaltliough he was in favour of it, he still thought it should have been moved at the last ecling. In answer to the meeting, Mr. Cato said they would be despoiled of about L50U0 assessments, by taking the boundaries as defined by the Glenorchy petitioners. O.D.C. Jones said it would not be so much, only about L3,U7. The protest was here converted into a petition and wns unanimously adopted by the meeting, aud | signcd by the ratepayers present. Mr. Barrett now moved that this meeting ot its rising do adjourn until Monday evening at Cooley's. to commence nt seven o'clock, at which the ratepayers of Glenorchy be invited by public advertisement to attend, they would then have both sides of the question fully discussed. He hoped Glenorchy would turn out a good muster, and that the ratepayers to a man would attend. Mr. Worley seconded, aud the resolution was unanimously carried. A vote of thanks was cheerfully accorded to the chairman, and the meeting closed. c 