MISCELLANEA. ^—oo — ALLEN'S ai'KCIFIG FOB SCAB. Mr. \V. If. Allen, whose name bus been before the pullicof Victoria duiingthe last few months in connection with a. new specific for the cure of scab, has recently arrived in Sydney, with a view of testing the virtue of his remedy upon some of j tbe diseased olicep of this colony ; n'id, in pur- ) sunnce with this object, he invited a number of : pent lemon cnc-ieed in, or interested in pastoral ' pursuit1, to inspect hi? specific on Saturday last, i and to witness the dipping of several diseased I sheep therein. The sheep to be dipped were in [ an enclosure on a small farm belonging to Mr Dunn, of Parcamatta, situate about three miles from that town on the Pcnrith road. Among those present we noticed Mr Pottie, V. S., scab inspector ; Mr 8. B, Walker, foab inspector ; Mr ti. Stabler, of the fiiin of G. Stabler and Co.;. Mr It. Peel Raymond, Mr R. W.Tulloch, dec The diseased sheep were seven in number, and were taken from a flock of several hundred from Liverpool Plains, condemned by the Go vernment inspector and ordered to be destroyed on Saturday next. Before dipping the sheep Messrs. Pottie and Walker examined them, and found abundant evidence of the existence of disease. The acarus was found in large number*, and both iaspectors preserved some for the in spection of the curious. The acaras when - re moved fitm the skin was scarcely visible to the naked eye ; but by the aid of a powerful micros cope the proportions appear very, distinctly. Mr Pottie described the sheep to be in a worst- stage of disease than any he had previia«ly b»b;i. lie found on one sheep, a Terr bad spot, and v'.tU tbe |ftint of Iris penkditf he took, out two ncari and two eggs at one tune. The composition being heated to the proper temperature, the | sheep Wero dipped, an-l it wajt noti'.-ed thiit thtfv was no discoloration of wool resulting from the iminereion. It is intended to bare there sheep examined by the Government njBectors in ntiont «V fortnight henoft, syid ta the eWtl of then) I.eng fennd bealthx, the «t[«rkneat irfl! be oon^idcred ?RWewful. fWKatlB«oftlt»to|u,tipnit£u$cient to impregnate eixtr gaUent of dt|K and, to every Hundred gallows « dn- t^n-' are (jtp pound* of tobaecu— a ejpon'Jrnib!^ snjtailfT ]iri-pt-ri{os *lun it sjwi with rthf-t «j*tiut.-. The *o tiimi difltrr/i tt«mj II f-t-H-iBawn v^tciftc iu luis'jj entirely I liquid. We oltsrricl in tlio Melbi.nrne Argus | ird Aj* Ih-it Mr AiIph ofhred to enter a c»m I fietiuio trial wiih any person who had a specific for scab, upon any terms that might be agreed upon ; and wo underfUnd tliat he U prej)ired to do the »a:Me here. Mr Allan *Utes Hi it, twenty four hours after dipping i:i Ilia specific prepared by him, no live acari csii t-e found upon tbe sheep ; that in ten Jays or a lurtnight the growth of wiml on the previously diseased parts can i-e -ib,served, and that la a mouth a guarantee of a l-crfcct cure being effected can he given. \\\'t are informed that previous to Mr Aden leaving Victoria, he under took the cure of several thou sand sheep, pud that no remuneration was 4^-ked or accepted until a core had been tn''---tod, and the owner was Kit^ied qj that point ; and we understand that hi) is prepared to operate upim the dieeaseJ flock' --f thia colony upon viiiiilar terms, Mr Allen claims for his specific several peculiarities. In the first place, he undertakes to cure the disease with one dipping ; lie asserts that t!ic specific will not only ktii tiie fu.ly developed qcarus, but will prevent the egg from maturing iuto the insect ; aa-l ho further states that it ic a preventive as well an a curative remedy, ii being a disinfectant, and heuca in- ; malciibl whether Uie dipped sheep art. ltlled with undipje i diseased sheep, or kept separate. We hare no doulit, that in the event Mr Allen proving successful, his remedy will be very gene- | rally adopted throughout tne colony. — Herald. Macivktii in Pauk. — A Frencli version of Macbeth, by M. Jules Lecrouc, has just been produced at the Oieop Tncatre in Paris, Its fiicce^s is said to have bean to decided tlut nil Paru is likely t- he a.ttracte.1 to the repecsenta* lion For 'he first time Simkspere wonjd appear ! to have been rendered with sujiiutliing like np- i i i-o:aliv-- fidelity ou the Frencii stige. Many ! years ago M. Jules Ltcroix pilliliohcii a Cull j ' . illation of Macbeth, and this version has been. ;:? vi.ioely adhered to as theatrical exigencies per1 mitteJ. The witches aud their cauldro:i arc | boldly introduced, aud, contrary to expectation, I iliey do iiot excite the slightest merriment. -)i- J the cu.itrary, tlipy produce, eay M. Paul deSaiit ! Victor, cf the Ptrsu, ' un immense effect.' It is the sa:nv wiih l!aiiquo'e ghost at the banquet. A lihuddvr is said to have run through the house when the spectre appeared. All the more strik ing incidents of tho (rageJy appear to have been reproduced [,t the French translation, and the scmeiy and costunica by which they are illus trated, arc dctcrila'd an exciting much admira* lion by their larbari* pilorca^uc. The acting obtains only mollified. M. Jules Janir., in hits feujlleton, describes tne representation us a really important event, and stgiiificautly motions that ou the very night Macbeth was brought out at tht OdeorttUu great theatre Francois revivei!, with ail the honours, a petty little piece by Ueiiard, a first-rate I'rimcli dramatist. Tun I-aiigi-t I'm i: in tSc'uTLiMi. — A gen- j tlemau of uiuc'i experience in the meaxureirent I of wood, states tlut a will kuowu fine old stately oak tree ou the estate of Tullibodv, and conti guous to I'ullibody Ilou«e, the property qf Lord AheriT'itnhy, contain:. 000 cubic fcl, of nici- ui1 iil.ii. tiuiuui, biii;;;. iiu lieiieves,, llie Isrgwt tree ! iu Scotland. Tiie iJukc of Alliole has a valuable j old oak at Dunkcl.l, the mca»urabltt timber iu which U u^liul^ted at 470 feet. Mim- Vouh D.iTH. — A member of parliament wroiu to his wife, on iiie anivd in London, that he had ' furmt'd coiiiiectinu with a very ngn-eable ' Mess,' mid uxpectut to spi-mi tiie Heason very plasauily.' Unfnrtiiuately. to the surprise aud moriiticiiion of the good lady to wliotu lie was I ' » riling, he Inadvertently dotted the e iu the wonl 4 Mes».' ; I'ltBNCll Sol.lllKHS IN MaIKIUN'U OltUBIt. ? The precautions taken to prevent our catching ' void, aud to ensure our comfort and health, 1 ' thought then, and think now, excessive. In ' the lirst place, if the weather were chilly, we were obliged to march ir. close order— for warmth. AjS the day grew warmer, the ranks ; were opened, so that we should not be incom- ] inoded by dust en4 perspiration.. As soon as ' we began to perspire, delirious sergeants, cip- . tains, and lieutenant* trotted about near our, , columns shouting to men to button up their coats if they opened them — and diminishing the quick ness of our step as we approached the halt; and when we did arrive at the bait, woe to the ', parched soldier who dare touch water nntil he i received orders to do St. ' Eat bread !' ' Eat ! a few mouthfiils of bread before you driuk.' Rinse your mouth well ont before yuu swallow a mouthful of water !?' ' Sit on jour packs aud | not ou tho ground V ' You, sir, two days salle ' de police for lying down in the shade. Do you I think we can dr.rg fever aud rheumatism alktut | with us f Up with yon ! And you thcr-5, ex- j posing your chest to tlio cold air ; you'll be writhing liko a corkscrew presently !' When we arrived at our destination, tho bustle and hurry scurry wa? greater. Firet duties over and tli- *oup eaten, the officers aeer.ied possessed ; they stormed and ehouied at the sight of a par ti'-.i of dust or mud on a shoo; they caused truu-t-re to be turned up to see tbut there were no damp feet ; dooture Row about inquiring after sore heels ; captains grew red in tbe face, and threatened piisons, dungeon*, and even shooting aud cutting into a million of little pieces, in their anxiety to see everything orderly and comfort1 able. Bef.ire sunset, whether it was bivouac or village, the regiment was a quiet a« a church, i Next morning everybody awoke refreshed, and i rather inclined for another march than otherwise, ' — Difkcnit ' All Oie Year Hound.' The By-Kit Ijuriix. — An old woman stepped ; into a cheuM! dealer'* shop, nut a hundred miles i from the cross of ' Auld tUlie,' and inquired j ?* Hae ye ony guid cheese ll.o day ?' *4 On j ay.' ' Lei's prt-et.' A small i.i;c« was held j out to her ou tiie point of a formidable knife to | pree, when she immediately gave two loud snacks witlt her mouth, and vociferates, ' Na, nn, that'll na dae : 1 hae mair skill o' cheese than a' that comes tae.' ''Awcel, aweel,' Bay* the ahopkeeper, wiio was well known at that ti.Tic by the sobriquet of honest Jamie, ' I have plenty tnstir.' Another bit was handed tit her in the s«ne style, when she exclaims, * Ou, ay, that's sonietliing likq the thing.' ?? Aweel, aweel, Mr*., wha* niuckle dae ye want ?' The order, of coarse, was mnadv ^nd very soon exe cnted, wlien off «lic set, no daubt highly pleased with her clever transaction. An old acf|-uintnei'. being in tbeghti]- at thetiiiie, took occa- ion, niter tli a gnr«l wvnian lial retired, to t nit Jamie ttiu', I 'That anr's fit tn. yuu ; sb« really «cenied t-t Im* I i an aliie haiui furyun.' lie immediately rctortul ' Aweel, awwl, she's ji^t K.»t a b t aft the itlier , J-.alf -»* the c;|ii-ew ? ' — W.asytw G'izette. \ Hkuoicif I'niK, — (ti-etnuxl in the Rath I Exjirtn --f December 13tb, that letters from the | Cunieiivratt States rice;vudin lirgUnd.i osilivcly assert that one of ten men.ordeikd to konliut by «jemr«l M'/ieil', had a wife an4.*tven ch'l^ren, and that a young fe!;.tw|irHuuer knowing ihtt, I oflewd hiui-olf as a sulytitute, wat ac?eiitt«i, i»n4 i ajiat wi-U tbv ri-st. Saving Disacreradle Tirtvos ? We all of it*, no doubt, have fiijiids, relations, andaquain tancen who think it a quite mffioient reason for vaying a thing that is true. E-.obably we have ourselves kimwu thu state of mind in wliich we find a certain fact or opinion a harden, a bad to be got rid of ; and, under the gross mistake that all truth must Iu* spoken, tint it is uncandid ani dangerous not to deliver a testimony — convinced tlmt truth, like murder, will nut, and that our friends Sooner or liter, must learn the unaccep table fact — we come to tlio conclusion that it is bust fur all parties to got a thing over by In-iug oneself the executioner. We have most of us acted the enfant tevri/ile at sone time or other. i)ut this crude simplicity of con lour, where it i the resuit of the blind and intrusive assertion of truth, is a real weight ; and the primary law nf politeness never to give unnecessary pain, as soon as it it apprehended, is welcomed as a de liverer, O'i'dren a,,d ihe very young have nut experience enough for any but the must limited sympathy, and can only partially compile the feelings of other* with their own. Indeed, the idea of comparison does not occur to them. But there are |-oopl« who, in this respect, reoiiiu children uii Ihuir days, and very awkward child ren ton, — woo burst with a fact as a fool with his secret, and like tiie buir dresser in Leech's ctiicacture, are impelled to tell us that our hair i-, thin at the top, tilt ugh nothing whatever is to come of the cnmnituiicalion. 'I imto, as Sidney ?S.nitli says, turn friendship iuto a system of LmfuJ and mipunUhnlilb impertinence, from so far as we can see, un worse cause than incontin ence of fact an I opinion — feeling it to be a suffi cient an I iriiiniiihaiit defence of every perpetra tion of thu sort, that it is true. ' Why did you lell Mr .So and So that his sermon was fifty minutes lou^f' ' Betau-o I had looked, at my waicli.' ' Why dij you remind such a one that he is growing fat and old?' ' Because he is.' ' Why repeat tint unfavourable criticism 1 ' [ had ju-t read it.' ' Why disparage this m.iirs particular friends ?' ' I dotit liko them.' ' Why oay to that young lady thai, her drcs was (vibccomiug ?' 'I really thought so.'' It in, huwct'ci', u iticeable in persons of this outru sive candour they lave eyes for blc-nishes only. They are never impelled to tell plc.sant truths —from whioi, no doubt, we may infer a certain nccrbitx (if temper, though thesu Strictures inny be spoken in seeding blunt, honest good humour. Still, they till; iu this way from natural obtuse ness ai.d inherent detect of sympathy. These are the people who always hit upon the wrong thing to S'iy, nnd instinctively ferret a sore sub ject. — Sultmhit/ Itecifw. Mde. Jenny d'licricourt, a clever French authoress, has written mi eloquent appeal in be' j half of the Pule*. In tin; work is the following passage addressed t't the Ivnperor of the French — 'Sire, when one has the honour of being prance — tlr.t i- t- say a u ition of forty millions of hoiiIs — which weighs no heavily in the scales j of human destinies which possesses the wirm instinct of. (Jih solidity of nations, nnd which I fires up and suffers at the sight of oppression and misery, we think that it is not right to assist witli folded arms at the deatlrthrocis of a nation, and to imitate those who idioaiu impassible when h, aring cries of ' murder/ ' 