MARY JANE. (from the spectator, august 1.) 'Mary Jane' is a new. and by no means trivial sign of this slipshod and uneasy age, in that half articulate andpathetis aspect of it in which it tries to make up by eager jets of sceptical superstition for a relaxed faith and troubled dreams. We'have from time to time drawn attention to the curious epidemic, or perhaps we should rather say, with the medical men, .' sporadic' appearances of a sort of materialistic fanaticism — tho dreary half faith in Zadkiel and his astrology, the social excitement which hummed arid buzzed the other day, even in a court of justice, round the magic crystal, the mys .ticdl animal magnetism which formed the centre of fascination in Sir Bulwer Lytton's ' Strange Story,' the rapid growth of ghost literature, the physical convulsions attending tho last religious ' Revival,' and, above all, the chronic and growing supersti tion which for the last ten years has con stantly been breaking out, subsiding, and again breaking out with ever fresh 'vigor, about table- turning, mediums, spirit-photographs, andjthe rest, and which recently centred round Mr D. D. Home. Ul all tins species ot aeirrmm ?? marydane is, we think, by far the most characteristic result. Mary Jane is both a book and a creature, the book, of course; deriving its title from the creature. We say ' a creature,' not a woman, because Mary Jane is authoritatively pronounced in the book, after a study of her character during several months, to be be an ''intelligent vapour' emanating from' the 'medium,' but also very much affected in intellect by the minds of those present at the seance, whether mediums or not. We are all of us; regarded as vapors, but Mary Jane is not supposed to be an !in dependent vapor, only a vapor of a vap^r^ exist ing apparently for only a few minutes, or at most, hours, together, during what is called a s6ance,- created out of the physical and mental powers and ' qualities, whether con scious or unconscious, of those who take part in it, but ceasing to exist when the medium goes to sleep,, or probably when she breaks up her seance. In short, tho author of the volume now before us, who has christened this temporary intelligence, of his wife's creating, Mary Jane, might well have added the surname Frankenstein, for she, he, or it, corresponds wifcn toleraDie accuracy to tnat extraor ! dinary conception, and may, we think, very likely one day turn and- rend in some unexpected way its mistress or master. But it is time we gave our readers some intelligible account of this new but strikingly significant incoherence of our age. The book called ' Mary Jane,' in which we find the account of the creature Mary Jane, is an anonymous . i volume of a large size, on handsome paper, and. pub lished at the great price of one guinea, adorned with colored lithographs, said to be fac similes of Mary Jane's work. It is called 'Mary Jane; or, Spi ritualism chemically explained, with Spirit drawings. Also, Essays and Ideas (perhaps erroneous), by a Child, at School.' Our first impression was , so strong that an anonymous volume published at such a price was a mere device for getting money by trading on the credulity of the public that we refused to pay the guinea and departed ; but some of ; the passages we had seen seemed so curiously symp tomatic of sincere materialism groping about amid a ' considerable mass of scientific knowledge, that we ' reluctantly bought this guinea-worth of signs of the times after all, believing that it was probably not meant as a fraud ou the public, while it did give a i real glimpse into the distracted mind of the day. '. And no one, we think, who should come across this 'eccentric work and really read it, will doubt '.that 'Mary Jane' is written by some one \ who expresses real ideas and- impressions, though some of the impressions seem very lunatic impressions indeed. The writer has obviously a respectible knowledge of chemistry; has been apparently a surgeon in the East Indies, and belongs to that curious sohool of flippant material istic scepticism which residence in that strange land so often seems to fostor among Englishmen, side by side with the intensest form of Calvinistic dogma tism. . This, is exactly such a book— -incoherent and vain, as well as materialistic — which the late General Jacob, had he been as ranch of a chemist as this writer, might ' have written. But it is its extraordi- ' nary disjointedness, rawness, materialism and levity, interspersed with shrewd scientic observations and a genuine interest in science, which . make the curi ous physico -spiritualism of its conclusion tho more remarkable, as a token of the drift of our modern scepticism. Nearly . three - fourths . of it are taken up with disjointed observations in favor of materialism, generally dotted with acute remarks, but sometimes abruptly broken1 :by aneodotes, apropos of nothing, which the writer has entered in his diary during his travels in Italy or tho East. In the last quarter of the book he sud denly enters, at the request of a distinguished spiritualist, Mr Wason (we believe of Liverpool) ou I the examination of spirit-tapping with the avowed' j view of refuting it, when, as the book says, his wife' suddenly becomes' a medium, the tables are turned on him in his own house, and he enters on a series of experiments intended to investigate the nature of the new power, and, if possible, reconcile the facts with his old theory that human intellect is a highly electric form of phosphorus, iodine, chlorine, &c.; Tho phenomena themselvos are the old, old things, — a palpitating table knocks all over the room, intelligent replies to questions mental and written, tho swinging of a zinc plato in the air which was strung up to ; the ceiling, — spirit drawings with aud withoutthe aid of pencils, — nnd, -finally, spirit paintings, iriude on jnvper which wiw sealed np duvhig tho operation, o£ various Uoivow, hands, nnrt no forUi,-«'iminth)$a wholly uHwm&riwble; esoopi to fcha asasytea pponflsa (which we have to take on faith from an anonymous writer) by which they were produced. The pheno menon, however, on which the author pounces as a clue, to everything, is, that the medium's hands, when closely pressed together in the dark, became phosphorescent, and had all the smell of phosphorus, the smell disappearing directly the pressure ceased. This induced him to regard the phenomena as. due to an 'intelligent vapor,' chiefly consisting of phosphoric elements, his view of ?'the intellectual elements of which we shall explain directly. This intelligent vapor he babtises as ' Mary Jane,' so convinced is he that ic is intelligent :— 'This matter had to bo investigated chemically, and this new being had to be christened ; for, as I did not wish to make a single false step, even in nomenclature ; and as I had no proof whatever of its being a spirit in the sense usually attri buted to that word— that is, the soul of a de parted person — and, as I had already one clear cause for the movements of the table, in . the same emanations from the human body which pro duce mesmeric sleep and the (probable) sleep of the sensitive, plant, I did not choose to embarrass my self with two causes,, even by the adoption of a name, until intimate scientific conviction should ob lige me to. Still, an intelligent being, to be talked to, must, have a name, and the house was full of children from school, and country servants. How it was I don't know — having no relative, nor know ing any lady of that name,— but I christened the new comer ' Mary Jane,' arid it answered to Mary Jane, and from that time forward Mary Jane has been with us at any time we choose to talk with her, and has even repeatedly called for the alphabet, and given us a very sensible opinion on the subject we were discussing, when we did not think of appealing to her. You may be sure that, on finding a third party so unexpectedly domiciled with us, we asked it every possible question, and we received replies, the sense and accuracy of which pleased and started us, as clearly proving a distinct and partially super human intelligence.' Mary Jane, it seems, at first always wanted the presence of someone with drawing power in order to be able to draw, of historic knowledge in order to be able to talk history, of musioal power in order to be able to play music, but could, after sufficient practice, manage these operations in the absence of these specialites— -that is, though the invisible hand could not at first play the guitar without a musical organisation in the room, nor at first draw its p'ic the room, nor take an interest in East Indian sub jects without some East Indian influence in the room — yet when Mary Jane had done all these things through the medium, assisted by those other odyllic forces, frequently, then, it seems, she could do them again, though more slowly and with more difficulty, without those other reservoirs of musical power, drawing power, and historical power to draw from. She had borrowed by that time a little of these various odyllic requisites, and stored them up in her medium's or ganisation for use when the other auxiliaries were absent. Mary Jane could not only affect in action what her friends could not manage to do at all, but she could discern accurately things far above the conscious knowledge of any one present, stating, for instance, always accurately the number of minutes before a given lady's carriage would ar rive. ' Our Mary Jane,' says the author, ' delights in accompanying the violin or the guitar in the fast est waltz, in playing cards and dominoes, and in making very smart; answers to any remarks addressed to her, and when we are alone gives her opinion re specting, persons and things in the most unreserved manner ; but as to her having at any time been the denizen of any other corporeal body than that which she now has [the medium's, we conclude], our evidences carry the most profound conviction to pur mind of the contrary.' And the author holds, as we know, that Mary Jane is an ' intelligent vapor,' generated from his wife's body, but the character of her intelligence influenced by other persons in the room. ' A medium,' he says, ' is a thinking being who holds conversation with another being which has been eliminated from her body, but which is totally distinct from her body, as distinct as the child at the breast is from the mother, and exists, just as the child, on condition of the supply of nutri ment being kept up ; and this being is composed of nothing else but the vapors which have emanated from the medium's body, and this being can tell the medium things which her own faculties are unequal to.' Mary Jane dies (pro tempore) when the medium sleeps ; is weak when the medium is hungry ; grows stronger when the medium has eaten and had wine,— and,— we suppose from the instinct of self preservation, — very much objects to tho medium's going to bed, because that is temporary death for Mary Jane. Mary Jane also dislikes an eye upon her .operations, indeed, frequently stops when the guitar upon which she playfc is looked at, — which is due, it seems, not to feminine modesty, but, as the author thinks, to a magnetic ray which the eye sends forth counteractive of the odyllic emana tion. The way the philosopher explains Mary Jane's superiority in knowledge and perception to her parent, is by citing the old story about the boy who could not write his Latin exorcises at all while he was awake, and who was seen by his schoolmaster ' to get but of bed and write beautiful Latin during his sleep. Mary Jane borrows so much from the hidden unconscious part of the medium's mind, — tie part beneath consciousness, where all our old memories are buried and when.ee - all our automatic vital powers are, according to this gentleman's theory, directed,— as to make' quite a new. creature of her, and then, as she consists of pure nerve power, instead of mere 'awkward' senses, she is, of course, more rapid and delicate in her move ments. He further believes that the , 'intelligent vapor' consists largely of phosphorus. The brains of insane people, he says, are overcharged with phosphorus, of idiots undercharged ; and a full charge, not overcharge, is needful to excite the activity of the life beneath consciousness When the medium was ill with slight inflammation of the lungB (when phosphorus is deficient, since it is the medicine given to cure it) no manifestations oould be got out of her. There was not sufficient phos phorus to nourish Mary Jane ; a wet nurse or new medium would have produced, perhaps, a new crea ture, but not Mary Jane,— and she could not be brought up by hand. So she was suppressed till the lungs got well. Smothering Mary Jane is, we oupposo, scarcely infanticide. But if this gentle man's theory were to gain- ground, quite a new branch of ethics . would spring up towards, these poor depeniluut creatures. Stances would becomo' nets of utmovolimco, antl rofm-hiing. from stances ft kind of crhno— ' cruelty to Intolliyont Vaporos' In the oohJ tisioiw, oi1, as Mv ttorlylo would c(i}l it, tljo manifold welter of vain lunacies in this loose and dis« tracted world of ours, surely Mary Jane has reached the climax of absurdity and yet pathos. We can scarcely believe the book a mere fraud, in spite of its anonymousness, because there is so muoh mixture in it of personal character and real mate rialist dogmatism by this ' Child at School.' Mary Jane referred in one place to. the second lobe in the. dual constitution of the brain ; in another, to the latent or unconscious life which is spontaneous and automatic, but beyond our control, and always re garded as an ' intelligent vapor,' is surely the en* thanasia of the. materialistic spiritualism. Mary Jane, in fact, differs only from the medium herself, in our author's view, in being more temporary. ' Our Mary Jane' ?' is a secondary intelligent vapor, which, happily phosphorescent, springs out from the primary (the bodily medium) in order to paint secret pictures and play on the guitar, and which vanishes away so Boon as the primary intelligent vapor sub sides into the state called sleep ; and when she re turns she is no longer the same intelligent vapor as before, but a new one, des titute of personal identity. But the parent medium, or primary intelligent vapor, differs only from the- secondary by being rather longer before subsid ing into the sleep called death ; and so the universe altogether is but a crowd of vapors^, which in its totality of effluvium may, perhaps, deserve a divine name and personality— about as much as Mary Jane. Wild and distracted as the book is, it seems to us, on that very account to cany out the ideas of the materialistic spiritualism in a way, which makes it the high-tide mark, of one of the most striking sporadic tendencies of the day. These lunacies or frauds, or half -frauds-half -lunacies, are the discor dant notes of an age which cannot trust in God and yet cannot tell how to do without Him, — that has begun with believing God an ' Intelligent. Vapor,' and thence very wisely and legitimately concluded that we are all of us but fractions of an intelligent vapor, which ' continucth but a little time, and then vanisheth away.' . . ? . ... Indifference to Death.— One of the most striking illustrations of the force of habit is the perfect indifference with which soldiers go iritd battle* This is not a characteristic of American soldiers more' than of English or French, probably ; though it is exhibited in bolder relief, because our army is composed of volunteers, generally men of intelligence, of religious training, and fresh from the peaceful pursuits of life. Yet the power of adaptation to circumstances is so strong in- the American nation that within less than a year— often in six months^ — the raw recruit is transformed into the veteran soldier who cares as little for death as the grizzly Zouaves arid Turoos who gave the critical stroke at Solferino, and nearly wiped out their regiments in that ' desperate assault. There have been plenty of gallant charges in this war equal to that, or the attack of the Light Brigade at Balaklava. ' It is quite shocking to a fastidious mind to read, as one often does, of the thought lesB, reckless behavior of- our troops on the evening before a battle. The order has been read which dooms one man out of five or six to death or wounds. Every man knows that he is to be' fired at with rifled shot, round shot) grape shot, and Minie balls, for eight or ten hours } that he will probably be called on to charge a fortifica* tion or to take a battery ; that he will be exposed to death during that whole time, whether he lies down, stands still, walks, runs, or rides. There is1 no escaping the risk, unless he runs away before ;the battle begin ; and that he has no thought of doing. Now, it would be supposed by persons accustomed to dwell much on the solemnities of the future, that a soldier's camp on the evening before a battle would bo a scene of meditation and mental and spiritual preparation for the dread ordeal of the morrow! that tho regimental chaplains would seize upon the occasion to hold re ligious services, which would be generally attended by the soldiers ; and that the only absentees would be those who were engaged in writing last letters to then1 friends, and making their wills, if they had anything to leave. Nothing can be further from the truth than this imaginary picture. If the evening before a battle is remarkable over other evenings in the history of camp life, it is that the men tell more stories, laugh louder, smoke more pipes, and are generally jollier than at other times. Letters occasionally get into print, 'written from officers, stating their fixed belief that they shall die in the coming battle, and taking a sad farewell of wife and family. If they chance to die the letters are published, and pass as ' extraordinary pre sentiments.' But the great majority of the rank and file do not indulge in these mournful anticipa tions, either in their own minds or on paper. They do not expect to be killed. And strange as it may seem to us dwellers in peaceful ways, that are so very careful of our lives and limbs on all occasions, they do not much care if they are killed; As for the chaplain, it must be said, with every respect for his office, he i3 not generally sought for nor heeded on the evening before a battle. His ministrations on Sunday may be attended by the whole regiment, but he finds it hard to rally a dozen on the other more solemu occasion to receive perhaps his last affectionate counsels. It was stated by a gentleman who saw and counted the number, that out of a whole brigade the chaplain, by hard persuasion, could only collect an audience of four teen just previous to Burnside's disastrous attaok on the heights above Frederioksburg. The rest of the brigade; whistled, played games, smoked and kioked up their heels on the grass, just as if they were 'going on a pleasure , excursion instead of into a tempest of shot and shell from which hundreds of them never returned alive. . Rightly viewed there is nothing profane or highly censurable in this indiffer ence to the grave realities of the hour. It is well meant on the soldier's .part, and should be accepted with the best construction that can be put upon it. Fighting battles in anticipation is worse than fight ing them in reality. 'Cowards die a thousand deaths ; brave men but once.' Tho bravo soldier may well dislike to dwell too closely on the horrors and fatalities of tho approaching battlo ; and it is not surprising that he should nffeot, if he does not feel, an aversion to all ceremonial preparations for his possible death. Criticise or comment upon this gay indifference to fate as we may, it must be ad mitted that when baoked up by energy and endurance . it is the stuff that wins battles. — Neio . York Journal of Commerce. : A magnetic mountain has been discovered in Swedish Lapland, and tho vein, .which is. several feet thick, promises to be one of the richest sources o! natural nmtrnots at; pvoaout known. A ntitiival mapot weighing 400 pounds hue already boon q\\}- tninod, ftHtllavgov ones ftveespdotofli ? ' 