PBOFAKE DOINGS.' SIB,-I was painfully surprised to see in Satur day's issue *o many ministers of ihe Gospel figuring as Vice-Presidents ot the Short Honrs' Association in connection with the kind of, entertainment pro grammed-and so appearing as patrons to profane amusements. It may be (and I tnist 'so) that some wopld not hare permitted their names tohave ap peared in print in association with songs that are altogether contradictory to the spirit of Jthe Bible,, bad they known that such was the intention. If they did know, they should iiave reflected a 'little more on thepropriety ofit. But that others or any other Christian should permit any .committee of which they are members, to pass any motion that is not in harmony with the word of 'God, without patting their veto on it and'protesting against it/or, if unheeded,. tendering their resignations, (so as to avoid the appearance of identifying themselves with that Work), is truly a sad thing, whether that work be a benefit in the theatre for the Asylum, a lottery for.the Hospital, or profane aong and ball, for the Short Hoars' Society, &c.; Oh! said a person the other day, on my refusing an inntation to one of those benefits-it's for a charitable purpose; so they unwittingly admit that the means is bad bat.'the' object good, tad thus class themselves with those of whom Paul writes, who "do eril that good may come, whose damnation'' is just. That any song, or work separate from God and religion is evil, philosophy, as well as the abun-' dant word of truth, clearly Sho ws to those who adpiit of the doctrine cf the atonement chiefly. I do not, Mr EH jtor, intend to submit those undeniable facts here, bnt will just say he is not much of a champion that will crow on his own'ground;.what he is afraid to do oh the enemies'. . He who preaches.in the pul pit or any other place "Is.any merry let him sing psalms", James v. 13, and being. caUed to a feast, silently looks on and hears proceedings and sayings, which are quite at variance with the acts andteach ings of Jesus-Christ, " our example in aU things," gives God no glory, is unworthy aodjinfit the posi tion ol guide and leader of the soldiers of the cross, like a blundering and bad general brings. disgrace upon bis country and canse. Yes, it is in truth dishonorable to the Christian profession. No wonder so many of our sister churches are asleep, jn' a sleep of delusion, that will, alas, end. in a deep sleep of death; oat afwliicb^nly tote abated and lighted by bint" who tighteth every mio that cometh into the world," to show them their presumption and delusion, ;.s was revealed to those who said "lord, Lord open unto us, we have preached in thy £iame, &c.;," unless we repent and turn over a new leaf we sKall likewise perish. This I know, if a man can not find it in him to respond, when buoyant and healthy, to the words, " Is any merry let him sing psalms, making melody in his heart always to the Lord," yea, and greatly to delight in such exercise, be is a stranger to God, and Jesus and the Holy Ghost, the Kingdom of Heaven, the source of true joy, e'en under sorrow, has .no solid faith. How, Mr iSditor, there is another grievous sin, a natural sin, I mean She profuteness and dese cration of our Sabbaths, by running 'the train, coaches, selling milk, &c.;, of wtoch I will not now speak. God, the rnler of the <* arid and governor of the nations,'Is visiting' the same with muchvdiBtress and tribulations these days. Australia will not escape. If the sword does not reach her she may not escape the famine, or the pestilence, or earth quake; and if she will not. still repent, but harden her heart, she will not escape hell. "For the wicked shall be turned into hell, and all nations that forget God"-Psalms. As for the Short Honrs' Associa tion I wffl always advocate it, and a half-holiday on Saturdays: besides-both will be found a great boon; and if we would secure a great success and Messing for time and eternity, let nothing be done separate -from God-letus nbtopposethe means to the end. Yonre, &A;, EARKIST. 