THE MANUFACTURE OF GHOSTS. f From the North British Vally Mail.) WHEN any one looks into a glass or metallic mirror he sees an image or ghost of himself. IJ his neighbour looks over hts shoulder, he, too, sees the same'ghost. What gives this business of ghost-making its chief mystery, is the plan of concealing adroitly the person or object «ho or which is to be -ghostlfied, and showing only the image or ghost, and thus-cnapprag the otherwise palpable connection 'between the true object, animate or inanimate, and its picture or repre septation. If a plane metallic or silvered glass mirror oaly were employed in producing the ghost a child would not be startled at the effects produced, however com pletoly the original object might be concealed from view;; but it is otherwise, and ! all are surprised when an image or ghost is j called «ip before the observer without any appa- rent connection with mirror action at all. Now, without going into 'the questions in optical science respecting the reflection of light from plane surfaces, the-formation of images by plane mirrors, or of multiple images formed by RISBS mirrors, We may remark that metallic mirrois have but one reflecting surface, giving only one image of an object. With glass mirrors this is different. They give rise to several images which are readily observed "when the image of a candle I is looked st obliquely in a comm sn looking {glass. A very feeble image-of the oandle is : seen, ead Oben a very distinct one. Behind this there are several -others, whose intensity or clearness gradually decreases until it disap- pears. T4ÍÍ8 phenomenon or appearance arises from the looking- glass having two re- flecting surfaces-that of the faoe of the plate, and that of the toyer of metal-winch covers the hinder surface of the glass. ' The greater feeble- ness of the image reflected from the glass than from tbe metal surface arises from the circum- stance that the metal reflects better than the glass. It completely intercepts the light reflected from the original object, and throws it back to the eye. Now, in ghost-making a plate of clear glass is placed between the observer and where the ghost is made to «pp? ar ;. and what is s?on as the ghost is nothing'more than the feeble image of a true object, produced by reflection from the surface of the plate. 'But the ghost, when well shown, ts an intensely vivid image, the very-re- verse of feeble 5 and the question is, how is - the -intensification of an originally feeble image .effected? It ia-effected by .greatly reducing or extinguishing -all other lights and by concen- trating an intense ilight on - the original ob- ject, and chus ¡greatly increasing "the reflect- ing power of the olear .glass ..plate, and by at [Abc same time forming - a dark background (behind the .plato, whioh further assista in throwing out the image or the ..ghost to the eye ¡of the-speotator. All this is ^uitea common «oouvrenoe-tn thc-chop windows along the streets, «nd perhaps-still better shown ?ia » « lighted -railway carriego , ot .night. The ghosts of <the .passengers in the carriage are -shown -through .the car- riage* windows upon the apparent ground of the dark .sky, and the carriage lamp,'from its being the-most luminous -object, presents.-the most vi«idtghost of all. A« ordinarily,presented on I the istsge,ithe arrangements«for the,praduction of ' a ghost are easton tia Hy as follows :r The front of,the stage ia made to ixisa/ifwe feet or so from- the floor. Within this barrier, and standing down out of -eight, and facing the stage, the true object is (placed. Adargo,plate of glass is made to rest on the -stage, and to jean slightly forward towards the person or object that is to.be ghoRtified. The iaaoge of the ob ject is reflected ..from the glass plate to tho audience, and. this image is seen by thean to be BO far behind the plate as the <truo object ia placed.in advance of it. The eleotcic light,,ar usually what ,is called tile "lime'' or "Drummond light/' sent through the' condenser of a lamr) or mame lantern, is at tho -same time projected on thc ' original object. The ghost is seen to bo illumi- nated (rom below,up, and this comes of placing j the lamp low, and throwing the light on the , true object upwards. A white lustrous dress given to a female personating the ghost «ralis j the effect The Uro ghosts shown have the I habit of leaning forward .so Aa to catch BB much ot this illumination as passible. All the room lights are in the mean time reduoed, otherwise the audience also, as in the,caso of the passsn gers in the railway carriage, would bo converted into ghosts. As muoh light, and no more, ia left on the stage as admits of the actors on it being seen. These performers $?e no ghost ; all their movements are calculated as to place and time.1 Tho ghost placed on the .stage so far as the adaptations of this illusion [have yet gone, is fixed; a faanoVorpartnf the body ? may! be moved, but not the' whole, ' beyond a ivery'email distance. If apy otje wishes to assure himself about the use-of the glass, a ,pea or pellet,of . paper flung against it will assure him. ;" The ghost" will afford abundant fun for-the Christmas pantomimes, and tradition will be ransacked for all ghost stories to utilise this curious and amusing triple. "Tam O'shanter" ] and " Death and Dr. Hornbook" are capital 'themes ; and besides the hosts of tradition and of literature, tho ghost suggestion is likely to be abundantly fertile in all sorts of new dramatic inventions, wherein sprites may be introduced. Ghost-mnking will bee me also a family amuse- ment, we have no doubt, and tho simplicity of the apparatus employed for the production -of the many illusions" of whioh this matter is capable,' will set the youth of both sexeB to work amusement during the approaching winter months. A parlour table, a large sheet of glass, a toy magic lantern, and a few yards of black linen, will do for apparatus, and nil the babies ba the household can j bo made ghosts together or in turn. < Of course we are quite aware th&t; it is the common practico of interested parties to, surround this novelty in optical illa I sion with mystery, and to , deny that* any. one knows aught about the matter bat the especially j initiated, - ? 