BECENT PRO0EEDING3 IN THE SYDNEY ( jINFIBMABY. TO TUE EDITOB 07 TOB EMKHE. SIR -Allow joe, withont comment, to submit to your no tice, and through your eolurnnp, to the consideration of the publio, the aubjoined correspondence end aooount of proceedings whiab have lately taken place ia the Io* Armory.. To the CommHloo of lbs Sydney Infirmary. OootlemoD,-I fool ita matter of duty to draw your attention to ficta oonnooted with tho aaovo institution, rolatltre to the prose- lytising of soma of tho patio at«. I have been a constant visitor to this institution for some years, with a deslro to afford spiritual consolation to the siok and dying. On Tuesday last, the 16th instant, noon ontorlng Na 11 ward, I obsorred two soroons plsood aronnd tho bod of ono of tho pattonts when it was intimated to mo that a priest was within, attended by the nurso oí tho ward, performing tun right of baptism to one of oar Protostant palionts. As soon as tho ooromony was oonoluded and the priest withdrawn from hor bodsido, 1 advenood to ths pttisnt, whon 1 was informod by prlost and nurso that I was not lo npoak to her. Tbo Bistors of Charity and olhor Boman Ca- thollo ladlos hayo frooooooss to <¡r«ry patlont's bed, «hilo, wera I to approach tho bodBldo of a Itomanist, I am lmmodlatoly as> sailed by the loud insults of tho nurso, who terms herself mlstross of hor ward and pstlonta. I am induced, gontlomon, to appoal to you, for your Interfe renco, that justice may bo dono in tho matter, and moans adopted te provent tua aystom of prosolytlsm being oarrlsd on. 1 lisTO tho honour to bo, rronttemou, your obedient serrant, I L. FAWLir. I I Bourke-atroot, 8urry Hills, 2rUiJune. On Wednesday, the 94th day of Jane, a meeting of a sab.oommittoe was held, to oonslder a obarge made br me f Mrr. Lawley), against the Sisters of Charity of proselytlBing a P<oteatant patient, and against ona of the nurses, of insulting behaviour. Mr. Moriarty in the chair. Mr. M. H. Stephen, aeoretary, with Mesare. F g; ID, M, Alezander, and B.Stewart. On the Chairman readiog my le tit, I was asked whether I waa euro a baptlBm bad taken place. I te. plied, " I was informed eo by the Protestant patients in the wird, and waited till the ceri m my waa performed, and saw the patient, who teemed quite exhausted from tbe long mummery of the priest." I was then asked if I «is sura the woman was biptlsed. I repli d that tbe nurso and many in the ward oould prove the fsot ; and aftor much < oraBt-questioning as to the very fact of my- witneseing tbe ceremony, whloh was impossible, the ptiest and nurse being hidden by two screens-(The mooting was here interrupted by the Budden appearance of Mr. Caldwell, M.P., who was immediately told by the ohalr. man tbat tbis, wai a select oommitter», appointed to in- vestigate certain chargea, and he must riqreat hlB with- drawal. Mr. Caldwell said they did basinets very quietly io that inetitntioo, ond that as he was a member of the bouse committee, ho claimed a right to be present ; and after a witm oonlettlon this gentleman waa allowed to remain as a silent observer.) I was nest asked by tbe chairman if f had ever seen the books fbat wera in circu- lation throughout the institution of a controversial oba raster? I replied, "yes; tbey are distributed by femslef ro every patient in the werdr." 1 slate! to t :e cbairm n that I bad otutiooed the Protesting not to »eoeiva thttn. He then said, how dara I ftrtfd the patients from re ceiving them ? Who was I, lo interftra with the patiente? I then said the Bev. Mr- Allworth oautiined also the nurse for allowing the Prnt<stantB to récrive them. The chairman salí», I ques- tion whether tint gentleman lad any right to do so. I was then asked if I knew cf any otber pitient being proselytised? I anawered, "Yea, a youngwoman who waa a Protaàtant, attended Christ's Cburob, with whom I hive prayed, and who wu deeply concerned about her state, became a Boman Catholio, end wia night nurae for some abort period in this institution (and whom, 1 bave since heard from a patient in the ward, at the same time purobased two books from these ladies wbo dil ti i bute weekly, for whieh ahe paid < I iven shillings) " Tbe Bev, Mr. Allworth, being called, was asked if he knew whether any booka had been distributed in tbe inatilution 7 Ha replie'', .. Yes, and of a highly Irjari ona charaoter (chiefly controversial), and tending to ex olte andVousethe feelings of the readers ¡"and that, upon one ooeaaion, be waa only in time to prevent a severe altercation taking place between two different parlies, and that he repotted the ehroumitanoe to two members of the oommittee, but that no measures had been taken to prevent their distribution. That on another occasion, be spoke in a very telling Drainer to two malea wbo were carrying round a oarpet-bag filled with these books, and mentioned to them that he would have the matter looked into, but that the books were still distributed. The nurse waa theo called, and asked if s tnptism had taken plaoe in ber ward. 8he replied, " Tee." When aaked wbat religion the woman wee, she stated a Protes- tan'. Sbe was then asked ii she was sure that tbe woman waa net a Boman Catbolio. S^e replied, "She would not bave been baptised had sbe been a Roman Catholic" . She was then asked if the Sisters of Charity had visited this woman previous to her being baptised. She replied onae only. Sbe was then asked if abe ever icsulted me. she replied, "No, not on any oeea-ion; but, gentlemen, the truth ia rbat lady does nothing but talk religion ; she never talks anything etea to the patients. Our ladiea never talk religion, they only ask the patientB how they are ; and you can hear htr all over the . buildtap." Four gentlemen of the oommictee were then deputed to wait on the woman Miry Miller, and ask her how o ten she bad seen the Sisters of Charity, and whether she had been baptise«. These gentlemen on their return said the woman states she was baptised, - and- tbe Sisters of Ubarity visited ber twice previously, I eau safely affirm they never stated whether the woman said she had not been inflaenoed.by tbe Sisters of Charity, as Mr. Efcaa subsequently stated before a general oom mittee that he beard that queation put io Mary Miller, and aha answered in the negativei - Nor farther evidence on this charge-being adduced, I was 'requested by the obairman to withdraws. 8ydnoy Infirmary and Dtsponsiry. L .... 30th Juna. Maiam,-I have been requested by the oommittao, to forward yon the following extract from ti o .report of the sub-oom. mittee appoioted to InvesUgats the ohargo of proselytising mad« by yon, and to express their regret that you had not aaoartalned more folly the faots before in 'king snob, oharga. I have tis honour to bs, Madam, Toar most obedient servant (for tho asoretarlaa), a. D. RUISELL. Mra Fftwley. CHXTBACT.] 11 Having taken the evidence of Mrs. Pawley, tbe Bev. Mr. All- worth, tbo nurse of ward No. U, end the woman, Mary Miller, alleged co have been proselytised, your sab-commlttee And that the rite of baptism wa« »dm in 1st er ed to hor bj a Boman Cathollo priest! bat the woman herself states, that it was at her own re. quest, and thero le no evidence whatover to show that that reqaeat was Induced by any improper interference or attempt at prose- lytising The woman, although of some Protestant denomina* tion, bad been b TOUR ht inio aeaocUtion with Roman Catholic Krieats and Slaters of Charity, at the House of the Good Shep- ard, before her adratsei >n 1 mo tho Infirmary, and professed to Îonr aab- commlttoe, that reading, and tho request of Mr». ['Gibbon, formerly matron of the House of the Good Shepherd, bad iedto her wish tojoia the Boman Catholio Oharcb. Your nab-oommUtoQ think it right to mention that the Rev. Mr. Alt. worth stated that no attempts at prosolytlaing on the part of the Roman C nth oil o priante had ooma nnder his notioe. The narse of whose insaltlDg conduct Mrs Pawl o y complained, denied the ohsrges. The matron gives tho DOHO a high charsoter for respectful behaviour, and your »ub-oommitteo cannot, therofor», hold those charges as proved. " Your sub commlttoe weald (lartica'arly draw the attention of the ooraroittee to what has transpired in the oonrse of the evi- dence, viz.. that many poraons altogether una-u thor ned by the oom* mitteo.arein the habit of visiting pillants for the parpóse of religious instruction, and distributing roligious booka, aDd this, as afton and at what tiroes they ploaao. ** This is contrary to the rnlos of the committee, which confine suoh visiting to the minister» of religion, tbe lady visitors {persons tspecxaUy authorised), and persons of whose ministrations any patient especially deairea to take advantage. It Is also un- fair towards those who have made application for a similar privi- lege and have been refused ; for inatanco, the aaso of Mrs. Cook, Mr. Bobbins, city missionary, and Mr. ParroU.'* Burry Hills, 4th Jaly, 18*3. To tho Commlttoo of the Sydney Infirmary. Gonllomon,-I hays t a honour to acknowledge tho rooelpt of yoaroommunloatlou of mo 3 st ultimo, containing an oxtraot from tho roport of tbo sub-committee appointed toinvostlgate tho ohargo of prosolytlsing mada by mo, and bog most respectfully to ststo thst I fool jmtloo has not boon «Horded me in the oas.. Had I oompletoly underatood tbo oharaotor of tho examination I was to undergo, I would hayo boon moro fully prepared by furthor oorroborativo ovldonce to 'proro faote already laid boforo that oomm(ttee AB to the woman, Mary Miller, sco^rding to bor own Btatatnont, she professed Protoat&nti.rn; at tbo time sbs entered tho Infirmary, at d iccoivcd twovisils from the Slaters of Charity beforo the rite of baptism was administered to hor by a Roman Cathollo priest in our Infirmary, nvldontly proving that neither resdlng nor Mrs. M'Glhbon s lntluence during hor stay at tbe Qood Bhopherd wore sufficient to induoohorto onlor tho Churob of Romo The Itor Mr. Allworth gara ovidonoe of the Indlsorlminato olraulation for the last twolvo months (by malos and females) of Itomieh works of a oontrovoraiel oharactor, pes^easing a ten doney to oxoito and rouao tho feelings of tho roadora, and that upon one oooasion he was only in time to provonta eovore altercation taking plaoo bo tweon two diiToront partie», end that ho roportod the olroum. stance with reforonoo to tbo hooks to twomemborsof the com- mittee, but that no m o aa uros had boon taken to proved their distribatlon. Mr. Hobbin», our olly mlaslonary, and Mr. Parrott, of tho Marinars' Churoh, wero dobarrod tbo privilogo of diBtrlbu* ting religious traots to tho patients, clearly ptovuig to an enllghtenod oommlltoo that prosloytlam waa boing oarnod on in the above inatltmion «Khout (bo personal tnflttenoo of tho prloatbood. Aa to tbe charge made by me roapeoting tbsnurae, of ber oft repeated Insults, I am still proparod to substantiate, by i eliable ovidonoo. And although I elated to your sab-committee that wltnoseos to provo my evidoLCs, of which some wore patients in the bonding, their evidonoo was not tskon. I apposl to Mr. Caldwell, M.P, who was presont on the occasion, for a oonfir-natlon of tho above statomont I had a o other view in Îirosslng the charge but to obtain the same uninterrupted privl ege aa Itoman Catbolio Indios postoss In visiting. I therefore request, gentlemen, yon will kindly grant me a farther hearing before a general oommMoe, I have the honour to bo gentleman, yin* obodientservant, L. PawLer Sfdney Infirmary and Dispensary. 9thJaly,1883. Madam,-I hare been desired to inform yon that a meeting of the Board will be hold on Monday next, at 11 o'olook a.m , to reconsider your charge of proaolytism, and to request that you will be good «nougb, to attend. I hare the honour to be. Madam, Tour most obedient servan», . , (For the Secretaries.) H. D. BUSSELL. , Mr«. L. Fawley. On Monday, tbe 18th Jaly, a meeting of the general committee cf tbe Infirmar; wari held to consider a charge made by me rgaintt tbe Sitters of Charity, of prosely. Using a Protestant patient, and against ona of the nnraea of insulting behaviour. The Ksv. Ganoo Walsh waa in the chair. On the question being brought forward-whether tbe Sisters of Obarity had in any way ioflaenoed the woman, Mary Miller, ta send far the priest-one of tbe gentle, men of the oommittee thought it wonld be advisable to consult tbe woman herself, end that two of the oom- mittee be deputed to do ao, as it wonld ne satisfactory to them to bear her own statement; bat Mr. Moriarty objected to each a proceeding, asserting that he would consider it a personal insult, as be had presided as chairman of the aab.oommitlee to investigate the obarge preferred. Mr. Egan stated that be, with other mern 1 bera of the eub.commitler, waited ripon' the wem in, and heard tbe question put io her ; to wbioh she replied ia the negitlvr. The Bevi r nd Mr. Sheridan then rose and said that be would not leave the house till the Sisters of Oharity were exonerated from all blame ¡ whereupon tbe chairman read tbe eztreot of tho report wbioh etates, " Thira is no evidencie whatever to show that that re- quest wssiodaeed by any improper interference or attempt at proselytising.'' The tmjsriiy of tbe commit, tee being satisfied with Mr. Bgan'a statement, the question was then put by tbe chairman, and carried, Io iaot, tbe woman, Mary Miller, stated bafore the sub committee, that the Sisters of Charity visitad ber twice befare the baptism. I tben informed the oommitte that books had been need SB a means to prosely tire. The Reverend ii". UoEn. croe stated that none but bibles and testamenta bad ever been distributed, when I replied, " I can most oond. dently affirm that books of a controversial obaraoter were dlttribnted every Monday by lady visitors and others in tba institution." Tbe Bar. Mr. Allwortbgare evideooe of this feet to the But-aomtnittee, and promised to appear, before the general oommittee to i substantiate I my evidence, but was not forthcoming. The Bev. Mr. Allworth not only negleoted to atteni himself, notwitb. 1 etandlrg bis promise, bat actually «ought to. dissuade a neighbour of his, wbo esme to give evld.noe for me, from so doing-telling; ber, aa tbia witness ,aisured me, that the affair was sure to go again it Mrs. Pawlay, and if be were in hor ( he witness's plaee) be would not go. After some lengthy dlaous'ion aa to whether the nurse should be examined, it was decided abe should be Bent for. I was then asked, io bar presenep, by Mr. Moriarty, on what particular oeoision she bad insulted me, to whiob the ohoirmin replied that my letter sprolflad no parti, cular date, but o/irtpcateU, lima, I then slated that aron one occasion, entering ber ward (No. 11),I noticed * young fema'e apparently nnder deep bodily aatTerinp, when, thinking I might speak a word of comfort, I approiobed ber bot's de, wben the nurge roddy same np io me and said, " She want» nom of your inilruclion. She hat people bitter able to instruct her than you. I am mit trete of Me ward, and you shall not epeak to her." She (the Done) so romeo ibe patiente that one oried sat. " Send her off with a flea in her ear,' and another, " She hu not pluck enough for thal." Mr. aneriden then rose, and asked whit wera the worda nsed by me towards tbe priest on tbe evening of tro baptism. I replied, " I oautioned tbe woman wbo was baptised io the following words :-' My dear woman, if the Holy Spirit does not baptise you, tbe bip'iam of that man cannot aiva jon. J .au s alone oan eave.' Here tbe nurse and priest both interrupted me, the nurae saying, 'She vant* none of your preaching.' And tbe priest said, ' You mutt not ¡peak to her.' The worda I used to the prieat (Father Garnet) on the CCOBBIOO referred to were, as nearly aa I eab remember, the follow- ing : The priest said, ' You must not speak to that woman.' I replied, 'You cannot prevent me, you vain deceiver, endesvonrins, aa you are, to lead away from the truth and light of tbe Gospel, poor, weak, Ignorant.minded mortals. M<y God, in bia infinit) meroy,open your eyes.'" Mr. Sheridan now besame moat violer t and ex. oited, and said, " Oanyou aeeute a poor ignorant girl of in eult, while you, who are on educated lady, and prof teeing to administer spiritual comfort, could dare addrett a priest in euch a manner whilst fulfilling the »acred functions of hi* Church t " Then, turning to the oommittee, he aaid that I bad thrown discredit npon their sacred ooloo; and be, sa their représentative, felt deeply humbled at the treatment I bad evidenced to tbeir body, as they were men beloved hy their people i and all the gentlemen then present well knew wnat extreme reverence they were beld in by tbeir people, and that he oould not leave the hau ia till I had expressed my sorrow for snob undue eonduot. Tha proposal waa then put to the meeting and it waa then agreed that I be requested to state my sorrow to Mr. Sheridan. After a few seernd*, I replied BB follows ¡-"I feel I wat justified; I am not torry} never wat; nor, never will be" -At toil, jandar* of the prooeedings- Mr, Sh rldan loudly exclaimed .' Unwarrantable. That lady" pointing to ma .' shall never visit tbia instila lion ; her name shall never be'placed npon the list of lady visitors while I have a voioe ia the matter," Mr. Moriarty aeoonded the fore* goin , another voice exclaiming, " Hear hear." Tbe Bev. Mr. Dougall then rose and said, Mrs, Fawley did not state that if she saw a priest offioiatiog to ont of hit own people she wooli interfere, but under similar oiroumaianoes she would feel herself justified in doing so. Mr. Deugall was then informed, that waa a aubjeot for consideration at another oommittee. .be curse was then r.quested to ask me any question she thought proper. She asked me if I did not preaoh aloud in ber wari*, and tell the patienta not to mind masses or eaoraments, nor to trust to man. I aaid J never preached in her wari*. Tbe ward in wbioh Ï read the Bible aloud was one set apart for improper fe malet. She zep'ied she oould bring witnesses to prove that I ead preached aloud In Tier wa d, and also in No. 11 ward. Mr. Dalley (another member of the committee) now besame most vicient in his manner, saying, '? You p each I What could you preach I I call it all stuff, the nurte wat quite right to fop you; ehe it mitUets of her ward;" and mash mpre to the same purpose. -At ibis stage of the ptoaeedlngs, tbe obalrman deeme 1 it advisable to adjourn tba meeting to Mooday next, at 3 p.m., for the purpose of takiog farther evidtnoe. Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary, 17th July, 1803. Madam,-1 do myself the honor to inform yon that the Board of Dtreotors will meeton Monday next, at 3 o'olook, to investi. gate certain charges made by you, and to request that yon will e good enough to attend at that hour. I have the honor to be, if adame, Tour most obedient servant, H. D. RUSSELL. Mrs. Fawley. j No qiorum-none but Boman Oatholias present. Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary. I Sith July, 1883. Madam,-Ido myself the honor to Inform you that the Board of Directors meet on Tuesday next, 28th instant, at 3 o'olook p.m., to consider your complaint, and to request tbat TOD. will be ao good aa to attend tho meeting;. ' < I bave the honor to be. Madame, Tour most obedient servant, < i H. D. RUSSELL. Mrs L. Fawley. : On Tuesday, 98 b Jaly. an adjeurned meeting' of the general committee of the Infirmary waa held, to consider' S charge made by rae ( Mrs. Pa wie) } against the Sisters of Charily, ecu.-Mr. Moriarty in the ohair, with Mr. E¿an, the Fevs. Sheridar, McEnaroe, and Sheehy, Messrs. John Dalley, Alderaon, Matthew H. Stephen, and the Bev. Mr, Milne. , - - Toa nurai, being reoalled, waa asked if aha bad any questions to put to me. She replied, " No." Mr. Sheridan whispered to her to a»k me if I had net given a Christian Pleader to a patient to read. The nurse then pat the question to me, and I said the paper bad been given by tbo nurae to several patients, and that a Pro. testant bad told me she would like to see the paper, and would I bring ber one? which I did on the morning I appeared before the sub oommittee. Mr. Sheridan then said-" That diabolical paper I Was it not enough to rouse the nurae to insult that lady 7 ' The nurse-was then asked by Mr« Stephen if ever the had brought a Chrittian Pleaier into the institution. She said, thty had merely got the paper from curiosity, a» there teal tome thing in U about herself the wished to tee. Mr. Dalley, ia a most impertinent manner, asked me if I did not tell some person belonging (o that institution I would a 'on up?e' V. 1 replied, "No; never. I ait not bound, Sir, I fo answer anj tuch cuestione ; I am here to prove a charge brought by me, and you mott grossly insulted me at the latt committee meeting, and I shall not submit to it to. day." Hia mac nor became more time, and he waa in- formed by the secretary, that that was not the question before the oommittee. My witness was then «ailed and asked if she knew of my beirg insulted by the nurae ; Bhe said, . Yet. On one ocoasion that lady went forward to apeak to a patient who was suffering deeply, when the nnr.eimmediately went forward to prevent her, saying, ' She wants none of your Instruction. She hat people bet ter able to instruct Air than you, and I am mittrett of my ward.' This lady took no notioe, but still contient d to talk with the patient. Tbe nurae so roused the other patienta that .one called out, ' Send her off with a flea in lier esr;' another, 'Shehas not pluok enough for that.' This lady then talked and prayed with me.' (At thit> the Bev. Mr. Sheridan end Mr. Dalley laughed heartily, the witnesB saying, " I am not ashamed of prayer.") Mr. Moriarty- said that as it occurred BO long ego, it was not worth while hearing the evldenoe. I asked her ii Bhe ever heard me presch in the ward. Tbe obalrman s.id, " You shall not ask that qnvation." I replied, "1 was accused before tbe last oommittee of having done so, aodi it is,right I should deny the charge." He then ordered the witness away. .. Another patient (Mrs. Walsh), was then called and asked, if, on the night of tbe baptisa), she beard tbe nurse insult me. Sbe Baid, "I saw Ibis lady go forward to speak to the woman who was baptised, wben I heard the nurae speak to her very loudly, bnt cannot tell wbat words were we ." I then asked her if she ever heard me preaob in the ward. (Here the Obalrman again interrupted me, and told the witness to leave tbe room.) . Mrs. GhoBt (the mitron) wis next called and asked, if she knew m». 8he said, " Yet, for many years." The obalrman asked if the nurss behaved iierseif well during the period she had been in that institution. She replitd, " O Yet 1 1 n ver knew het to intuit any one 1 would as soon obarge mjself aa the nurse wita insult; sbe gives every satisfaction." Mr. Stephen then said it was not likely the nurse would in&utt; when Mrs. Ghost waa preaent, Mr. .Moriarty then asked Mrs. G. if, ever she heard mo preaoh in the word. Mr. Stephen theo eaid tbat he wjuld not allow tbat grosB iojustioe. " You would not allow that lady to atk the witnesses tbe same question, and yet < ou now pat it yourself." Mr. Moriarty said he would have the obair. Mr. Stephen replied it even bo dir", be would pat it to the oommittee. At this janotare, Mr. Moriarty requested me, with Mrs, G., to retire into an ncjoiolog waiting-room, wben, after some discusiion, I and M re. Gboat wera rc-oalled, I was tbon asked if I hid anything more to state. I replied, " Mre. Ghost ia not nlwiy- in the ward, and therefore sbe cannot tell if tvor I was insulted." I then with, drew, heartily disgusted with tujb a one-sided proceed- ing throughout. During the petiod of the above investigation, although I have been debarred the ptivitege of visiting the inati tution, the Sisters of Charity bave bad free aooess to the same. I am, therefore, compelled to make a publio appeal and lay before you the foregoing prooeedings, in order that your impartial judgment may be publioly expressed, and jastloe meted to me, and that Protestan rights may be defended, and myee f readmitted to the same uninterrupted privlledge enjoyed by others. The prootedingsin the caaaof Mary Miller, ooup'ed with tbo other facts above Bet forth, plainly abow, that while Protestants ore watobed with tbe utmost j'alonaj, and denounoed on the slightest suspicion of proselytlsm, Boman Catbolio, and especially Slaters of Charity, are allowed to Interfere with Protestant patie its, and some times gain a disgraneful triumph over the principle» pieviouily hold by aomo. It the Board deem it expedí ent far the sakeof «juill and peso», to prevent visit ira holding oommanloitiou with patients of a ¿lffeun. denomination, (be rule ought to bs impartially main, .eincd, But while this raie ii te'.d op in the 'face of Protestant visitors, some Boman Catbolios mott n; ? aorupuloosly break through ir, I only ask for myself and other Protestants, even-bended jnstfes, LOUISA PAWI.EY, 