PASSING EVENTS. In consequence of the municipal elections there xvns no meeting 0/ the City Council on Monday. We understand that it is the intention of the Government to proclaim Monday next, the 9th instant, as a publio holiday. Tho trial of tho action brought against tho City Corporation by the lato Treasurer, Mr C. S. Farewell, for malicious prosecution, lasted during the greater portion of Saturday, nnd resulted in favour ol the defendants, A letter received in Sydney from n gentleman at Perth, Western Australia, says that respec table people there fear the prospects of a rcnownl of transportation, nnd that tho principal sup porters of it are storekeepers aud Government officers. A circular has been sent round to the members of the Iloytil Society, signed by the office bearers and some of the leading members, submitting proposals for the formation of a fund by tho institution of life memberships — tho fco of ten guineas to bo paid by each gentleman so elected — to obtain a permanent means of publishing tho transactions of tho society, and of aiding generally the publication of scientific papers read nt its meetings. For this purposo it is proposed to invest tho fund so raised in state debentures, and to appoint a committee specially to superin tend the Issue of the society's publications. The minimum number of subscribers to such a fund is set down at two hundred, and considering tho very Important results possible of obtulnment in this way, two thousand pounds Is by no means an extravagant sum to have boon fixed upon. Tho diffusion of valuable Information which may in this way bo promoted is hy no means tho only ndvantngo certain to. nccruo. The soslcty wIH ho enabled to exchange mcro extensively with European kindred societies, and tho accumula tion of avaluablo library of reforenco will be tho result. There should bo no practical difficulty in realising |liia very reasonable scheme. Tho annual nomination of candidates to re present tho various wards in tho c»yCou^ was held on Monday. In only ono of the wards was tho retiring Councillor re-elected, Mr Lyons being returned without opposition. It is statod that the floods of this season, which have been unprecedented for th« last ten yea«, have done damage to Government structures to the amount of about L12.000, nnu that tlio totnl damages lo roads and bridges may be fairly calculated at 1.30,000. Itls stated thatthcnumberofChlncJOgamb ing houses on Gold-n Point is greatly increasing, and that n Chinese official who should aid in their suppression finds it more profltablo to wink nt what ia going on. At least, so say some of the Chinese themselves. In order to make Lake teannontli attractive for piscatorial as well ns aquatic purposes, Mr G. G. Morton, M.L.A., Intends, on the day 01 W10 Rcgatti next month, to put into the hike flyo dozen of Murray cod and bream. Tlio fish will bo committed to their now home by a lady— from a platform erected for tho purpose. A New York journal recently received, states ik_* ti »rfl.i-mn An«r* nictmrt nnd nnrlv ore flt 1(141 lUUUUIUi; AilUU MWHW|» »???— 2 rf trading the most enthusiastic attention during their summer tour in tho British provinces.'' it will bo remembered that it was reported some timo ago that this lady had been burnt to death. A report from Paris that the Emperor has ordered the reinforcement of tho naval squadron on tho coast of North America Is calculated to giro rise to soino speculation. This will not be 'llminislied by the mldltionil statement that all the diplomatic agents of Franco absent on leave are ordered to return to their posts. Tho Gundngal, writes the Echucn correspon dent of the Bomlliro Advertiser, will leave, so tho Captain (hints, ur. Situr-'v- T''r» 1is« hi-iTi ppi'iP .'iV-vff ??~'.n''-fl (V Cr.-.i'r::; ?(?'..-! :i\cr..-i. J ...-- ??; ' -'?-?? . ?'? ?? ' ??.- : : iV u'J-.tr, iv ; -.: ??- ' ??.??'?? : ???*-ni : r.' ;r--r. The wat'i.-- ?:??' '.v.'-'i ??'??'? '?????'^'?; t'mv UmVf tCCtji.: ?H-M-_ ??? '?? ?- :'. ?-'?» ? ? '?????/- . The cruise oi' tiiu J.'.' - '?? ???? ?-.?; '- uj..- ;?.?.-? ' anpiirently become known to tho rcueral njdis rities, ii5) by ft telciirain from Mum-itim, v!n J Adelaide. «vi- tinrt thai ilia Uuilul cuii^. war steamer Vldnl had touched at Port Louis, as wr.s supposed, with the object of ascertaining the whereabouts of tho redoubtable Confederate craft. It is not unlikely, therefore, that at no distant day wo shall hear of further exploits of Captniii Semmes nnd his gallant crew. Alfred Dixon, aged eight years, the eldest son of Elijah Dixon alias Dives, who murdered hU wife nnd two daughters recently at Cherry Trco Flat, died on Friday In the Ballaarat Benevolent Asy lum. The Star says that over since f ho murder the boy has been in a desponding state, nnd the medical attendants and officials of the asylum could not induce him to join in the sports of tlie other children. One of the members of the Ballaurat Accli matisation Society has received n number of seeds of the goal tree from Mr M'Conachle, for merly of tho Albion hotel, who is now in New Zealand. This tree grows on the banks of tho lakes in various parts of New Zealand, nud is met wilh in tho lake district In great profusion. The flower is yellow, with single potnli, nnd leaves not unlike but smaller than box, aud oval shaped. TI13 trial of tlie Princes Sciarrl-Barbcrini nnd of her friend Cavalicrc Quattromanl for alleged BourbonUt tendencies has just como oft' In Naples. The interest excited by it was in tense. After a trial of nearly n week the Princess has been nequitled, but Qiiat.'romani has been sentenced to ten year-' imprisonment and a fine of 600 franc3. The Duchess Casal nuovo was daily in court with the Princess. Atnmeeing of the Royal Society, oa.tho'2nd instant, Mr F. C. Chrifitie, of Williamstown, wns elected a Member of Council in place of Dr Mueller, appointed Hou, Secretary. A paper was read hy Mr Ellery on a method of deter mining personal equation, and Dr Mueller made some remarks on & speda of traxls discovered in Mexico, from the root of which a substance resembling metallic gold had been extracted. [tmay not be uninteresting to many of our readers to learn (says tho Daylesford Express), that within a few miles of Daylesford, resides a veritable brother of Gilbert, the bu-lir:inger. He is engaged in tilling n farm upon the hanks of the Coliban, not far from tha Farmer's Arms Hotel, on the Malmsbury road. Wo have been informed that Mr Gilbert expresses considerable regret at the course of life bis brother is lead ing. Pleuro-paeumonla — or, at least, some organic disease which the farriers call by thia name — seciiH to ho spreading rapidly among tho horses of tho colony. The provincial journals havo mentioned a number of different cases lately, In which horses have been found to be ufllicted with affections of tlie !ung3 and pleura, nnd wo ate credibly informed that ninny of tho cab horses of Melbourno havo beon ami aro now being treated far tho complaint. We nro by no means satisfied that this epidemic U appropriately designated ' pleuro-pncumonia,' hut tho fa t ofits exist ence 13 at least worth investigation. T!io Queensland corresponduit of a contem porary furnishes the following : — I learn from ind'suutab!!! authority that the President of tho Legislative Council, the lion. M. C. O'Connell, is nbout to receive tho honour of knighthood in recognition of his services to the colony. The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, tiio Hon. Gilbert Elliott, received the tender of n similar honour, hut he declined It. His not for me to inquire into his motives for s - doing, but it is a fact that ho is next heir to a baronetcy or earl dom, and ho may prefer to wait for his reversion falling in. Wo are sorry to learn that the' Polytechnic ghost has met with a disaster In the Costlemnino district, which might almost bo placed under tho heading of ' Fatal Accidents.' It Is thus re lated by the Mount Alcxnndor JIail :— .' Up ciuntry roads and rinketty bridges havo proved too much for tho Polytechnic ghost. As our readers are aware, a large sheet of plate glass form» the chief part of the apparatus with which tliB optical illusion U effected. After appearing in Castlemalne, Mr Merlin took his ghost and tlio wizard to Kynetm ; they then visited Dayles ford nud Guildford. On all these journeys tho ghostly glass was packed most carefully; still It received very severe shakings. At length Mr Merlin aud Professor Schiller attempted to reach Yandoit. The heavy rains hod reduced the roads to a condition which Is better Imagined than described. A certain creek had to be passcu. Tne venicia cantnlnlng tho precious paraphernalia was dragged through (ho mlro with great difficulty. While on tho rough bridge, and In attempting to get it over, the jolting wo? ;o Mrcre that the large sheet of glas» was reduced to what Paddy would describe as 'smithereens/ and the professor's 'magic table,' and other goods and chattels, were re duced to small atoms. Mr Merlin's loss by this accident will bo rather heavy. It Is a wonder the velilclo was not capsized bodily Into tho creek.' Tho country journals still complain of the unseasonably wot nnd boisterous weather, aud in many of Uiq districts serious feara aro enter tained for tho growing crops. At Kyuoton, on Saturday, the rain poured down in torrents, accompanied by lightning and distant thunder, nnd on the following morning, a'con'lng (0 tho local piper, the township was visited by ono of the most severe and lasting snow storms witnessed In the colony, continuing for upwards cf three: hours, and succeeded by a perfect torrent of hall. The Dnylcslbrd Express states that In that town ship, on Sunday morning, a hail6f.orm of great violence occurred. The wind increased to a tornado, and after the lapse of c quarter of an hour Urge flakes of snow commenced falling, and Iu a few minutes the landscape presented al tt» features of an English winter ncenX In some places the snow drifted to a depth of MTiral inches. In the northern. dUtrloU similar dreary state of things prevailed, numc roui drays being delayed In tho neighbourhood of Wangaratta, mining operations In the low lands being suspended, and shearing being greatly delayed. ' Guy Fawkcs T)ay~' passed off much ns usual. Any number of effigies were paraded about H10 f trects during the dny, imil mot their inevitable doom at sunset. A continuous fus I; lndeof 'crackers' wns maintained from early morn until past midnight, nud tlio Orange lodges dined, in their customary manner, iu the evening. Tho creditors of tho ' Provident Insflfutc will shortly receive (another dividend of 2s Cd in the LI, making altogether 7s 6d in tho LI, already realised. The third plan in the estate has been filed In the Insolvent Court, and If not objected to will bo confirmed hy tho Supremo Couit on Thursday, the 19th instant. Tlie cases tried nt the General Sessions, Mon-. day, were of slight public interest, two sailorc, James Murray and George Stewart, being sen tenced to a year on tho roads for maliciously using the knifo; three housebreakers, Eiinls Randall, John Oammell, nnd Alfred Sinltli, re ceiving sentences, the two former of two years', and the latter of three yeaw' linrd labour. . In the Warden's Court, at Ballaarat, on Monday, it transpired, In n Chinese case, tliat one of tlio litigants had a matrimonial alias, and this was explained by the statement that, lioing a Benedict, there had been a blending of names, as well 03 of Interests, as bctwcoH himself nnd wife. ThU3 if a Chinese named Chlng Coon married a lady named Qan Cluing, the rcrult, celestially, would bo that he would become very nearly what, in the ' American language,' is elegantly and expressively known ns a ' gouo cnon I ' Wo regret to have to state that tho nun James IVarson. who met with an accident a day or two -:i,. ?? .?: iho t-fliidriilgc railway nlcr, illrd on Tuns .::,v. ' -MIIM ♦bill tilC! 111. hiri IH1.1 ti? nUlII-ill ! -,?„,?,,,??:: ot: : i,..i/t.. ?.p.^..-;,;.iu7;. indfro-.? I -lr-i«i'.i-, Wi.;ciu-'Ei-ir- ;n ;?.., ??.;;.! ? -? .. ? ! iu.i-j- :;1 h!i.i.,,-|f. Ttot'jh no --'two; .: .-, *:??-?.?,. j ' '?';?:''-: ';?-: '?r:,^ L:ni'r'.(~ftviii:.i,'lK-' -''??' *?? 1 ,!!?{ ?',! vsukivr.-. lii-.. ,!»i.-.-.-.v! !-':!.--.ti: ?. :'?' .-ij-.io;- of U.Q ti..' ????!??. Bey Ilir- wyOu, -u\ \ dv severftl \\- -.rs pist .ir» foremuu cl' i!it |-. j Vrtnnus rc*L:.. in {ho tiay lowered their lla;- - I half-mast as a, token of respect to tha deceased. Ills family, consisting of a wife, who Is enceinte, and a child, are totally unprovided, for. We understand that a subscription is about to be initiated. A case of some Importance, under the Lonal Government Act, was tried nt the City Police Court on Tuesday, It appears that the road from Braybrook and Foolscray was washed aw ay by the floods, and communication with the city cut off. Tho Hoad Board wished to try their right, under tho Local Governmout Act, clause '£Xi, whicn empowers nny uoanl to close a road during repairs, and make a temporary rond oxer tho adjoining land. The Board had obtained the opinion of the cx-Ministcr of Jus'ice, that they had such power, and the case was brought before the Bench for their decision. The Bench decided against the Board, on the ground thnt n was not the adjoiuing land where the tem porary crossing was sought. Julian Cross, David Gedge, and Elizabeth Scott, who were tried at the last Beechworth Circuit Court before Hjs Houour Chief Justice Stawell, for the murder of the husband of the female prisoner at the Jamieson on the 11th of April, arrived at the Melbourne Gaol on Wed- nesday. Scott is about twenty- three years of age, and her paramour Gedge about nineteen. Cross is a man of colour, and is of middle age. The three prisoners are ordered for execution on Wednesday, the 11th Instant, being exactly seven months since the horrible deed was perpetrated. It would seem that the Executive Council have paid no attention to the allegation of the woman Scott that she was enciente. We believe Gedge is respectably connected. Dee Gee, the China- man who was convicted at the same sittings for the murder of Mr Humfries, a storekeeper at Bright also arrived. His sentence has been commuted to imprisonment for life. The first three years in irons. Tho state of ihe went her, which during the last week has caused so much discomfort to Mel liournc residents, has liccn fqunlly unseasonable throughout all tho country districts. The pro vincial journals are full of accounts descriptive of what may oertalnly bo regarded as inctprcn logical phcnonienn. It is agreed on all hands that the present season is most exceptional In \U character, and tho readings of the birometer in all parts of the colony for some days previous, to the commencement of the present bid weather hnj been sucli as to warn us of unusual atnios pheile disturbances. The state of the roails in all directions is a prolific tojiic of complaint, and in many places traffic lias been entirely suspended. Speaking of the Inclement weather, n contemporary says : — ' In connection with (licse atmospheric phenomena, it Is w.rthy of remark that two eclipses — one Rolar, tho other lunar — will take place this month. An annular eclipse of tho sun will take | luce on tin; 11th iust. It will be visible at Melbourno nnd oilier places in tho colony, beglnninr nt G40 p.m., and ending after sunset. ? A partial C'lipso of the moon will take place on the 25th hist. The end will bo visible In the metropolis o-d else- ' where, the moon rising eclipsed. The list contact with shadow will lake place at 818 p.m. We might ask meteoro!o;risU w!id her the ap proaching eclipses have anything to do with the rainy weather nud other characteristics , of flic present season 7' Ballaarat and Castlcmainc are contending for the honour of an engagement with ' the Kcans,' but, as we learn from tlio Star, tli« Uallnaratinus have taken tho moat practical steps to accom plish their purpose. According tu the Star, ' Mr Hosklns lias received largo nssuram^s of support in his efforts ti pro?uro for the Balto.-.rat public a local opportunity of witnessing the per formances of Mr and Mrs Charles Kcan. In tlCCOrdmCO With tllO t-rms nf nil mlvprt!«Miipnt. a number of gentlemen desirous of aiding Mr Hosklns met at Craig's Hoynl hotel on Monday iifternoon. There were present, amongst others, Messrs Foster, P.M., Townscnd, M'lJcrmott, P. Finn, J. S. Carver, D. Graut, II. Salmon, and F, Chaffers. Mr Hosklns gave an outline of tho terms under which tho visit of Mr and Mrs Kcan could be secured, and stated that, though the actual expenses to the management would reach L000, ho was willing to accept Iho rcsponsluillty, providing ho wns guar anteed with subscriptions fur tickets to tho va'ue of 1.500. Ho also stated tJi.it provided ho could ascertain the amount of miji port he was likely to obtain,' nnd that sh.uld prove adequate, he had no doubt ho couhl in duce Mr and Mrs Kean to visit Ballaarat before they went to Sydney. Ho ml^ht also remark that should this bo done, Ballaarat would share with Sydney and Melbourne the credit of en tertaining tho Keaus. After sumo conversation ns to the best modo of iiuuprurniing the iicces stiry guarnntec, it was resolved to commenvo a subscription list, and the gentlemen present, for themselves and friends, put their names down for 250 dress circle tickets. Besides this em phatic assurance of support, Mr lloskln* -tatcd tint he bait elsewhcro met with a very hoirty reception for hU speculation, nnd tliat, under ail the circumstances, he might safely congratulate those Interested upon tho visit of the Kcnns uj a settled affair.' 