PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. ? ? WRi.r.v rrT.AMMTVrt ' Everywhere we hear this, the Lancashire Doric for 'Nearly Starring.' '—Correspondents. Hear the 'plaint, 'tis not a cry, ? lit-.c n uu Mjimiii^, »-aiung, snamming; Think what sorrows underlie, ' Welly Clamming.' In our prisons rascals sleep Amply fed. well-nigh to cramming; Honest hearts in silence weep, 'Welly Clamming.' Shameless beggars bellow loud. Thoughtless tienefflctow bamming ; ? These by tireless chimney bowed, ' Welly Clamming.' Shameless paupers enter bold, Workhouse doors behind them slamming; These sit shivering in the cold, ' Welly Clamming.' Clothe them ; blankets, jackets, hose, In a kindly hurry ramming Into baps sent off to those 'Welly Clamming.' Feed them. Round no unjon door They stand jeering, jostling, jamming; Send them food, and hear no more ' Welly Clamming.' Were the stream of gold, I wis. E'er so near to check and damming, It must flow in flood at this — ' Welly Clamming.' Help them. Spring will soon be here, Smiling, greening, flowering, lambing; You'll be paid, to miss that drear ' Welly Clamming.' These are forced and feeble rhymes Let the faintest praise fall damning - On them, so their moral chimes ' Wellv (/lammiiiB .' ALFRED TIIE LITTLE AND ALFRED THE GREAT. Prince Alfred, however from squalls or from shot. As a true British tar, he may scorn to recoil, Let us hope won't go meddling with Greece his sing hot. When such meddling is certain to end in a broil. Let him think of poor puss, when by flattery moved Of an oily-tongued monkey, so cunning and 'cute. To pluck from the bars the roast chesriuts he loved, How puss got a singeing, while pug pouched the fruit. Or in case ^Isop's fountain of wisdom be deemed Net the source whence a Prince his examples should draw, King Alfred the Great will by all be esteemed A guide and example without fault or flaw. We all know— or high art has indeed wrought iu vain— How. when left the old wife's barley- bannocks to turn, The King, in her hovel who shelter had ta'en. Thought it better lier cakes than his fingers should burn. Then following this caution of Alfred the Great's, Let Alfred the Little, should Hellas combine To ask our young tar to take charge of her cates. To blister his lingers politely decline. Philhellenes ore we all: Greeks and Greece we admire; Biit lending her sovereigns we've dabbled enough in; Best leave her to pluck her own nuts from the fire, And at cost of Greek fingers to toast the Greek ? muffin. YE KIOHT MERRIE JUDGEMENTS OF YE MOST 'WOKSHIPim MR. BARON BRAM WELI TTPOir YE GAROTTBRS. In the Court of Old Bailey 'twas Bramwell that spoke. The Crown can't allow all these crowns to be broke. So let each skulking thief who funks justice and me. Just attend to the warning of brave Baron B. Just hand me my notes, and some ink for my ]-en, And gaoler look sharp and bring up all your men, Under four years of servitude none shall go free. For it's up with the dander of stout Baron B. There arc isles beyond Portland, more depots than Curk, Where such convicts shall go if there's more of this work; 1'here's a cat whose tails number three scries of three. You'll cry ho! when you feel it and bless Baron B. Just hand, &c.; Be off to the quarries, the forts, ami tho docks, Ere 1 spare a garotter, Til hit in the stocks. Ay tremble, you scoundrels, you thought it a spree; But you didn't expect then to face Barou B. Just hand, &c.; There were ticket-of- leavers, with- crowbars who'd tried, And brass knuckle-dusters to cause homicide ; But they shook in their shoes as was pleasant to 'Ncath the soul- stirring accents of stout Boron B. Just hand, &c.; He turned as, he spoke to the hands of the clock, And then, with a scowl on the thieves in the dock, 'The time's getting ou, but I've words two or three, For your friends out of doors from your friend Baron B. Just hand, &c.; ' If one man dogs another as homeward he goes, And masters his nurse by the dint nf some blows, That man before lung shall have audience of me. And I'll do my l-est for him,' quoth stout Baron B. He's got at his notes and some ink in his pen, Mr. Jonas before him lias ranged all his men. 'For life, ten years, four, none with less shall get free.' More strength to your elbow say we, Baron B. EPIGRAM Upon Dr. Ellicott being appointed Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol, Dr. Elliott being the Dean. Between the Bristol, magnates What difference ran there be? Why, Elliott has the Deanery, \- And Ellicott has the See. A NUBSEHY RHYME FOR THE CRA\YXEY SPARROWCI DES. 'Sparrow Mukdek.— A country paper of this week lias the following announcement:— 'Crawley Sparrow Club.— The annual dinner took place at the George Inn on Wednesday last The first prize was awarded to Mr. J. Bedford, Worth, for having destroyed within the year 1,4-!7, Air. lieayam;in took the second, with 1,448 destroyed. Mr. Stone third, with !«2 affixed. Total destroyed, 1].!)44. Old birds, 8,(JtB; young do., 722; eggs, 2,559.' '— Titties. Who killed cock-sparrow? ' L' said three men of Crawley, With my dull in my mawlcy, 'I killed rock-sparrow I' AVho saw him die? ' I,' said caterpillar, 'And I blessed sparrow-killer, As I saw him die.' Who'll dance on his grave ? 'I,' said Mr. Slug, 'With green-fir and red-bug, 'We'll dance on his grave.' . Who'll weep for his loss? 'L' said young wheat-shoot, Fruit, and flower-bud, and root, We'll weep for his loss.' SENSATION BIGHT- SEEING. Youth must have its swing. This is an old saying, and may or may not lie the reason of the love which fast young men now have for seeing people risk thoir lives in the swim; of the trapeze. ' To see a man swing at the end of a string,' holding on by his eyelid.^ 'is quite a new tiling,' and imparts an extra relish to the dish of devilled kidneys and the glass or two of stout which, after a good dinner of (say) six courses at seven, is thought needful to sustain exhausted nature at eleven. But after a while the trapeze palls upon the palate, anil feats more highly spiced with dangers are demanded. So Ix-otard the Wondrous gives place to the Great Olmar, who walks head down along the ceiling, by means of iron rings through which he puts his feet What gives a greater zest to the Right of this performance is the fact that, if the acrobat by any chance should fall, he would tumble on the heads of the spectators underneath him, and probably kill some of them besides killing himself. This result of course may happen any evening; for however well controlled his nerves and limbs may be, no acrobat can guard himself against the freaks of nature, and a momentary spasm or a sudden fit of giddiness might make him miss his foothold, and kill him on the spot. If the mania for seeing these sensation feats continue, there really is no telling to what dangers it may lead, ami what a taste for savage sports it may gradually induce. The bloody cruelties of bull-fights will be witnessed with delight, and here m _ Christian England will lie revived the brutal circus-scenes of ancient Pagan Hume. The trapeze and the tight-rope will be voted stale and uiow, and tiger- fights and gladiators will be in request. In feats like those performed by our trapezists and roi-e-walkers it is not so much the wonder as the danger that attracts: and the morbid taste for seeing human life in peril is one of the most debasing of all depraved tastes. It blunts the sense of sympathy and deadens sensibility, and gradually paralyses all the finer feelings wliich it is the aim of education to evoke. The craving for sensation is a most unhealthy appetite, and public injury is done by all who pander to it. Might not acrobats !-e charged with attemping to commit suicide, and, in the case nf their suspension over other people's head*, might not an attempt at manslaughter be added to the charge? Perhaps Sir George Grey at his leisure, having stamped out the garotters, will consider this moot point. Brutalizing pastimes demoralize a nation, and ought on public grounds to be discountenanced and stopped. NO RKASO.VABI.E OFFER REFUSED. Otho'slate kingdom seems to hang quite heavy in the market. No one will make the least bid for it. We should recommend its l-cing carried to some marine-storc--lealer's, where they write up ' The best price given for creaKO.' THE MORAL OF THE WOIIKHOUSE. If reason and justice presided over our penal arrangements, ami If it is just to punish povertv as crime, still one -would think that as compared with felony destitution would be considered and treated as the minor offence. Accordingly, the transition from the workhouse to the gaol may l)e supposed to 1* of a nature similar to that which is described in the popular saying, 'out of the fry ing-pan into the ? fire.' How far this supposition is from being correct will appear from numerous facts, amongst which may be mentioned tho ex pressions of gratitude which were lately addressed to a learned Judj.e by certain wretches for pro nouncing the doom which was to transfer them from the position of paupers to that of criminals Mr. Justice Keogh the other day pa«s«-d sentence upon two women, inmates of the South Dublin Union Workhouse, Anne Duffy and Ellen Carey who pleaded guilty to the charge of setting fire to that benevolent institution. According to the Times correspondent :— 'The prisoners wero delighted, and immediately said, 'Thank your Lordship, we have got out of hell, at all events.' ' Seventeen male paupers were then brought up for the same offence, and were sentenced to the same punishment. Several of them cried 0UU /Thank you, my. Lord and gentlemen of the Jury we have got out of a house of persecution,' The thankfulness with wliich the paupers r reived a sentence of penal servitude may raggest; the thought that the reverse of the saying aboro quoted wcmld properly represent the exchange of quarters which awaited them. But the frying-pan as cornpareil with the tire is much less comfortable than the model prison in proportion to the union workhouse. Ihe former «.f those twn establish ruents relatively to the hater is considerably milder than purgatory nm- lie imagined to tw in contrast with the oilier place whiiii the prisoners mentioned. -jin».I. in amijurisnii with the abodo of want, id quite a tolerable suit of liml^j. VVhaC is the nidral of this arrangement, in the appro, tiension of the classes who have to live by their own exertions ? W hatever you do, keep out of tha workhouse. Garotte anybody rather than apply to the union. 'SEXSATIOS' SCICIDE3. ' I say, Punclt, old cock, what -l'ye mean by pitching into the sensation sights and supper rooms which have sprung up lately to delight tha Butish public. It's all bosh, you know, your saying they degrade the national taste, and debase all those who go to them. Of course everyliody twigs that you only write in fun, and nobody belices that you mean really to lie senous. Youc business is to crack us jokes and not to preach us ser mons ; and I'll tell you what, old boy. your sale will soon fall off if you turn moralist and tractmonger. » hen 1 ask for Punch, I want something smart and spicy, and if you go on preaching 1 shall give up buying you, and shall patronize the Record. 'Well now, just look here. I'm a young chap about town, and don't known where to spend my evenings. I don't care much for theatres, liecauso I can't afford the stalls, and the pit is awful crainpv. Besides, the pieces have such runs, that it's only once a year or so that one can sec a new one. Anil then, one ain't allowed to smoke, and that's an awful nuisance. So 1 just drop in at EosUm's oc the Gallopbury Hall, or have a uuict pipe and glass of gro)t at the Alarma. Here one hears a. decent BonK-[And sometimes the reverse.— i'tinfAJ-and one sees some comic acting, »nd one can stretch one's legs and talk and socially enjoy oneself. Then later in the evening, when one's getting a bit sleep.v, the acrobats come iu and wake a fellow up with their sensation tricks and tumblings; for of course, you know, a fellow can't well keep his eyes shut when he has the chance of seeing a chap' a neck broken. 'Sow, old cock, yon call this lost a low anil brutal pleasure, and you say that coves who like it would enjoy to see a bull-tight or a gladiator combat. Well, I dare say that they would ; 1 know I should myself: but as these foreign pastimes ain't allowed in England, we must make the most of the sensation sights that tire. Now I hear it said iif certain of our acrobats that their feats must most inevitably end some day in death; and aa really it can't matter much whether a chap's BpirHicated one day or the next, I would suggest to the proprietors of our sensation supper-rooms that doubtless they might du a tidy stroke of business by engaging a. performer to break his neck in public on such and such nn evening, wliich should be duly announced. Such a notice would. 1 doubt not, prove enormously attractive; and if 'by any accident the acrobat escaped, and only smashed a leg or so, instead of breaking his backbone or dashing out his brains, as he had announced to do, the spirited proprietor might return the en trance-money, or issue tickets for the suicide which should take place some other night As the feat would lw announced for the finale of tha evening, the proprietor of course would sack a handsome pront by the extra pints of lieer ami goes of grog he would have served, through his having a crammed room: and the spectators, I dare say, would not grumble very much if they weie to see a fellow crippled, say, for life, alttunigh. he disappointed them by not breaking his neck. 'Trusting the Alarma coves will act on my sug gestion, and promising my patronage the evening when they do so, believe me, my bo-o-o-oy, ' Yours, all serene, T 'Jack Battier. 'P.S.— The Alarma had bettor lw quick about it, for I sec our blessed Magistrates are talking; about stooping all these dangerous performances, and shutting the sensation shops where they arc allowed. Just as if a fellow hadn't a right to risk liis life in the camingof his living ! If he kills him self, it's his look out, and no affair of our*. Anil besides, you know, he's paid uncommon well to do it.' ? Paper. — Ann -ng tho botanical gpeci mena sent over from Japan to the SocictC d'Acclimata* tion by M. Eugene .Simon, there are a few young trees out of the bark of which the Japanese maka very good and strong paper. In China the bark of the Broussonnetia papvrifera, a kind of mulberry tree, is used; that of Japan is a variety uf tha same species, to which Van Sicbuldt lias given tha name of Jlroussonnciia Kaminnki. Considering the daily increasing difficulty of juecting the de mand for rags, which arc sold at alnnit i2 per cwt. the bark of tins tree, im ported from Japan, would prove extremely valuable to the paper trade, inasmuch an it wouU nut cost more tnan half that price. The Brwtxmnvclia Kaminohi might bo easily acclimatized iu various imrts uf Europe.; It prefers a stony soil, especially of a calcareous nature, and should be planted at intervals not exceeding three feet; otherwise the branches would extend, whereby the bark would becomo full of knots, causing much loss of substance in the manufacture. The soil is not manured until the second year; in the autumn of that year tha plant ia lopped close to the root and this opera tion, as well as that of manuring nlwhtly, ia repeated ever}' second year; itXI lbs. of branches thus obtained, stripped of their leaves, yield 1011)8. of bark. The branches, on arriving at the manu factory, are put into hot water for half-an-hour; the bark can then be easily stripped off with tha hands, anil is afterwards left in the sun to dry. Jt is next ruaccruted for three days in river water, and bleached in the sun. Those operations having been several times repeated, the burk is fit last iioiled in n lye of uslies for the space of thrca hours, then manipulated for some time to seiiaralo any epidermis that may have remained, and lastly, when dry, the moss is itouudod line and mnde into a pulp with wak-r, to which a glutinous liquid, extracted from a shrub called jYAomitu-pmliably the Acria Ncmn— is added, in the proportion of about two pints per cwt. of pulp. The latter in then mode into sheets much in the usual way. Garibaldi and tiik American War.— Some time ago Garibaldi wrote to the Dnited! States Consul at Vienna, expressing hia willing ness, if free and recovered from his wound, to enter the Federal service. At the time, the j/e-. numencssof the letter was doubted, and a Garibal dian in London wrote to Varignanoon the subject, The General's Secretary replied as follows :4 '(ianbajdi being a humane man, and who lievur denied bis noble and generous souL could nu( Intro answered otherwise to one who asked him to offer the power of his mind and arm, in order that ha miuht solve the Gordian knot which unfortunately involves ami ravages America, In explanation of this letter, what your great English people have wished and carried out, the redemption (manumis sion) of slavery in the islands and dependencies of your Crown, Garibaldi wishes and wills the same, liecausc the clanking of slaves' chains is alxmiina tiun to his high and trueheartud .soul, and whe. sver there are tears t« be dried he is always eager mil reudy to help the oppressed. Not caring to i» called filibuster or relief, be was poing to Ifome to cause to vanish from that place of human grandeur ind scatter to tlic winds that fetid imposture which keeps enslaved so numerous a portion of inankind. Iu America he does not Bee a question! of commerce, but a human problem to t-u jnihed. He cannot think, without great emotion, that in a land where, as an exile, he was honoured with tha citizenship, there arc liumap beings sold by auc tion like sheep or horses. He thinks and trust* that the Federal Government will abolish slavery. rhiK, he says, is their duty, and it will and must be- their decision. Such, then, is the explanation of the note that Garibaldi has written to th(j American Ambassador. When the General j« lutticiently recovered to travel, he intends to visit ™ in .London, when you will hear thesame from' his own lips.' Louis XVIII.— At this period Louis XVIII. went almost dally to Choisy le Eol wliich was one of his favourite drives. At 2 o'clock tho' roytl carriftE.o and escort could almost invariably'' be seen passing at full jullop along the. Ikmlewl* to I Hospital. This did as well as a clock or a watch for the poor women of the district, who said—' «is 2 o'clock, for ho is returning to tho ruilenes. And some ran up and others drew up. For a king who passes always produces a tumult. Moreover, the appearance and disappearance of I/mis XVIII. produced a certain effect in thja streets of I 'arts, for it was rapid but rnajentic. . This impotent king had a taste for lolloping; unable to walk, lie wished to run; and this crinplo would have liked to Iks drawn by ligliuiinir. He passed, peaceful and stem, amid drawn sabres; his heavy gilded ber-- line, with larga branches of lilies painted on the panels, rolled noisily along. There was scarce time to take a glance at him ; you saw in the ttehb hand corner a broad, firm, red face, a healthy Forehead powdered -) rouscatt royal, a proud, harsh, irtful eye, an intelligent smile, two heavy epau lettes with hanging fringe upon a civilian coat* the golden fleece, the cross of Kt. Lous, the cross nf the Legion of Honour, the silver plate of the Holy Ghost, a large stomach, and a wide blue* riblwn-it was the Kiiyr. When out of Paris ho tarried hLs white feathered hat on his knees, up. la which came tall English gaitcnt; when he returned to the city he put Vis hat on bis head, and lwwed rarely. He looked at the people coldly, and. they returned the compliment; when he anppe»red for the first time in the;Vaubourg St. Marceau, hjs entire success consisted in a remark made by a workman to his chum— 'That fat man is tho [Government.'— La Miserable*. By Victor Hugo. Anglo-Saxon Weddings. —Not till tho ninth or tenth century did women obtain the privl etre of choosing or of refusing their husbands. Often they were betrothed an children, the bride groom 8 pledge of marriace being accompanied \\-y a security,1' or 'wed,' whence comes the ivord 'wed.hns.' Part of the wed always, con sisted of a nnK. placed uik.ii the maiden's right band, ami there rehciously kept until transferred lo the other hand at the later nuptials. Then, also, irere repeated the marriage vows and other cer-£ Monies, out of which thoso prevailing have urow£ Hie bride was taken 'for fairer for fouler, for fetter for worse, fur richer for poorer,' and nro nused tp be 'buxom and bonny' to her future ' husband. _ At the final ceremony the bridefrroom gut the ring upon each of the bride's left-hand f)nnev ,? ^JP-W'1*' at th,e «'*- ',' In *e namao! the father, at the second. 'In the name of tho nJ.'1 Hl th,e l]\iltl 'In the Iiame of th« Holy L host.'' and at the fourth, 'Amun.' Then also ' the father gave to his new son one of hi* daughter'*. '«oes. In token of the transfer of authority which he effected, nn. the bride was at once made to reel the change by a tap or blnw on her head given wit i the shoe, the Imsban.i, on bis part, took an :.;.th to use h» wife well If ]1C failed1 toJosoTBhS rniBht leave him, but by law he was allowed -as tiJSin, ' ' w3 V(C iml '''Prentices moderate .?istigatmn. A\e }mve nothing to show the Mf Of Ration held moSe by t ^Im2'?f mSl ?illt0!!L- (lM Welsh law decides .h.it three blows with a brontnRtick on 'any part ,n, n^P'1 '^T1 tlle hc:'r is il fair allowance; n« another provues that the nick lie not longer .han the husband s arm, nor thicker than liia nufdle finger. Prior to the seventh century, a ?vife rrngbt at any time be repudiated on proof of ier being either barren, deformed, silly, passionate, uxurtona, rude, habitually drunk, gluttonous, - ?'cry garrulous, quarrelsome, or abusive.— Tlmtpp'a Anglo-Saxon House. Good service is prompt service. It :eases to be a favour when ho uiton whom w-rvice,.-, :s conferred has lost in patienne and Iiojw deferTfed*- what he might have bestowed in love and gratitddeAr* , , U-iMMl fjgT Messrs. Townseu J, Botting, jitixsj # request the attention of the Trade to theui8alef' 3f Damaged Coffee This Day, at .the i Bonded * Stores of Captain Simpson, Port, at 2 o clock 