VOLUNTEER REGULATIONS. The Government. Gazette contains the new code of Volunteer regulations. These hare long been looked1 for, and great' hopes, are entertained that, (heir operation will ereatlv improve the^iewpluie of Ihe force. We ob serve -that there is to be no delay in testing them, as the new code is in force uhom and after tlio publication hereof,' .ihe. ?'general. rules' whicli form the first part of the regulationB are nearly fhe same as they were before, with the exception of tho following impoitant, clause :— '.On.tbe neces sary uignals being made, either bydayor;by .nigbf, all volunteers within reach thereof will be required to assemble, immediately at; their appointed post6,fuljy armed and equipped ; and every man is, strictly enjoined' to keep lib arm j, accoutrements^ammunitiou, and clothing in a stute of rcadiuess to turn out at a moment's notice.' - W understand that the effect of this regulation will bo tested oceaaionally when least expected. . ? Tine rules .for.'! parades' contain the follow ing netf regulations, whiob, if strictly enforced, will do some good : — ~ Parades1 tHR Instruction, exclusive of Reviews.— There- shall be one- parade in each :toonth, under the supervision of a member ^of the staHj for .every troop or companj; and such parade 8M1.Ve,.(levo5eiic?ltirely.toiinsPect'on and drill, and shall be of at least, two hours' duration from the time the roll is cdlled. ' Aiiy man riot present in time to answer his name, or before tlio troop Or comtany is told ofl;- will - be-considerei absent,' and .\vjll uot lie' entitled to the usual .al Jowanoe of practice ammunition for that month : and anymanabsent without leave, orwho v-anuo ?Kiye. such. 8ubseciuerit explanation to' the officsr cdmmalidlng Uie troop-or company as to satisfy him. that, the abserice was s unavoidable,- -ivill bo' iqrther-.hable;.to' a fine : of -one Bhillina ahi will, .alsp!t,.T)e ? . disqualified -from competing' for any prizes -given by the government to volunteers. , Qflicers commanding' regiments, batteries, troops,. or companies will have authority to grant.IeaVe- of absence to those under, their command, and may return ' themselves absent with leave when they are xcally unable to attenil, but itis expected ihatithe officers and ' hoEKom missioned officers will set the example of- punc- tuality and regularity in thdir atttendance, am that they will never !)£ absent without leave,' except as hereinbefore provided. ?: Other PAKADB3.-^Officers commanding regi ments, batteries troops, :or' companies may direct those under .their command to parade for exercise or training at«uclv times as to. them may. appear necessary, provided that the, number ofTparades so ordered shall not collectively exceed six 5n any pne year, in addition to those mentioned in jegulalion No. 17, and any volunteer whoiabseiits himseh* without leave from any such additional : parade shall be liable to a fine of one slu'lling. Exttsa DuitiAv-Voluriteers who are backward in their drill will be expected to attend extra drills until they become as proficient as their comrades, to enable them to do which every facdity will be anbrded by the Staff. tTader tho head 'Target Practice' there are rules which reduce the allowance of ball cartridge, to each volunteer from ten rounds per week to twenty rounds per .month. The following additional clauses also appear :— : Issue op AjiuoNrnoN.-Kegs of ammunition, for the use of their respective companies will be' issued to captains of companies on requisition, and the number of rounds issued to each man is to be entered in the quarterly attendance roll, Opposite Iiir nanip. ' ? . iJEapo.vsnJioir ? op: ? Omana-Officers in charge of firing parties -will be held 'responsible that their men load by word of command* and riot independently— accidents being liable to occur where ? tlid- latter practice is allowed. They will also be held responsible tbat due precautions for the public safety are taken during the target prac tice of their men, and that no firing takes place when any person is upon the range. Classification.— A classification of the target practice of the whole volunteer force mil be made once in three years under the Staff, who will per sonally superintend the- firing, and conduct the practice strictly in accordance with the Hythc regulations as shown in the Book of Musketry Instruction.' The officers will be classified with their respective troops of companies. Kecruits' may fire for classification at any time during their first year of service if the general' classification does not take place in tlie same year, in which case .they will -fire -with then1 respective companies. 'MAnKSMEN. —Volunteers who make the re quired - number of points in the n'Bt class must qualify themselves in judging distance, according to the' Hyttre system, to entitle them to rauk as marksmen. , - . . The following regulations are also new, either in whole or in part :i GOVEttNiTEjrr PRIZES. Government Prizes.— No volunteer will be per mitted to compete for Government prizes unless he has been duly classified, and has attended at least nine monthly drills under'the (staff, nor if ho has been absent without leave from any monthly' drill Iftirinfithetwelve months preceding that Tin which the matches take' place. Those volunteers who have been enrolled lens than' one year miist' have attended a proportionate number of drills to entitle tbemto compete. : ,'??.-? CriOTHING. Volunteers who have been supplied with clothing will be required to appear dressed strictly in accor dance with regulation at all battalion and monthly drills. . ..-;.-.' . Uniforms are not to be worn for target practice.' nor on any other occasion than above stated, except by special order. -???? - ? ? '. White trousers and white cap-covers may be worn during the months of ; December, January February,; and March; but uniformitv of dress must be. observed in all- general assemblies of volunteers.- ?.; ;r :; ... ... . j ? : ? ? . ; : In the regulations relating to uniforms there are some * alterations. For the future field officers of infantry are to have brass scabbards, and to wear ;g'rey felt chacoes with red and white plumes ; saddle- cloths are to be of blue cloth, trimmed with silver lace half an inch wide, and vandyke of scarlet cloth, with badges' of rank at thecforners. But a far inoreim-, portant addition to the regulations are the fol lowing:— ''. ?'??';? OFFENOE3. . : ' PKUNKEBTNESS AJfD INSUBORDINATION. — Any volunteer who shall be drunk on parade, or under arms, or who shall behave in an insubordinate or disrespectful manner to or disobey the lawful command pf his superior officer while in the discharge of his duty, shall be liable, on conviction thereof, before any two Justices of the Peace to a penalty of not less than forty shillings, and not exceeding five pounds, and also to summary and ignominious dismissal from the volunteer force ;-, Discharging KiFLEs.-Any volunteer who shall load or discharge his rifle in any public conveyance, or upon any public thoroughfare, without due authority, will be liable to summary dismissal from the volunteer force, in addition to and irrespective of any penalty which may be attached to such offence. BREACH OP REGULATIONS. Breach of Uegulationb.— Any breach of the above regulations may be heard and adjudicated upon by any two or more Justices of the Peace in a summary way, a3 provided by clause 7, Act Uo. With these powers in ,th«r hands, -he dis cipline of the force belongs to the officers. If they hare ; jpourage tod-tneir dutywe shall hear too more of neglected- or Violated regulation's. The above rules with -many others are in operation from to-day, and have the force of law, throughout the colony. The Loan Bat.— It is dear that the Ministry may do anything they please, for the Treasurer bears a charmed life. , Nothing can sink the boat which carries 'Caesar and his fortune,' The Assembly yesterday, allowed the Loan Bill to be altered back again into a temporary measure— a loan for 12 months, and no more. This, we sup pose, is the last change; butwha'cantelli. The House arc under the spell of the Treasurer^ and. ate obliged to listen to his rhymes whether they would or not:— , , : . . ,; / ..-' ' I fear thee, ancient mariner; f '.'.'? I fear thy restless irandl. ,. .,,.? And thou art eyer- up'and down,' ' * ?!;? ? As is the ribbed sea-sand.11 y '' ToTAt ! ABSTrNKNCt^From' an1 -advertisement elsewhere it . -will be. seen ,that', the EevV4 Mr.; Gibson will deliver a temperance lecture at North Adelaide thiseTening. , . ? j:: ? Victoria Theatre.— The ghost affauc at this house is or at least was not oa ThuiSttajs'fl+enlng.a success. The attempt tojfti additfqnalfeffett to the drama by tpe, snadowjJ novelty rwultectysin making the piece? a ve#!sc-?ond- rat€ bncit lw^j absolutely uninWIigibte Id those preiriouslyun ^cquainted wi«i jtheviplofe- : The?- obj&tioiJAlfle; passages in the*dialogue--arh4 they ore- nua^MiSus— were made the mostofv4)ut the ordinary scenic arrangements necessary to the development of the piece were most discreditably mismanaged. The dream scene 1 in the L_first_ac.t Jntroduccd the sliadows, but they were presented at an absurd angle, and 'the business' was bungled. The churchyard scene, so effectively got up on a former' occasion, was not reproduced, and the ' hist scene of all,' where the interest ofthe. audience ought to. .be j excited ? if at all. i elicited* hisses from the , easily-satisfied critics of the. gallery. JTbere was a very thin attendance^-consctiuently thero were not many to be offended by the- indelicate, dialogue, dr disappointed at the failure of the .ghostly delu sion; ?.?.;.? . . Hf :.':'; -.-ii -, ? Insolvent Court.— The petition of Mr. A. H. Gouge for an annulment of his adjudication of msolvency mot with stronjr; opposition at the adjourned first hearing in his estate on Thursday. The objection raised was that his, offer being to pay only lOs.in the pound by guaranteed bills, the creditors -who aheady held -^ similar J)ills for- the 'full amount would hot be -better secured *han at present. 'His Honor did not Tconsidefthe p'rpppsal _ reasonable-, and after some argument the hearing wasfui-ther adjourned till Monday, to allow time for the preparation of a modified petition. - - - THE IIORrtCUtTURAIi' ' r AND' TLORICUI.TnRAt SociKrrs'SHqw.— The RqrticuJturat-and Flori-. cultural ^Spciety-heid ^h^r-fourth^how'for 1S53 :at ^Yhitie'sJ'Assembljr Rooms'-'dh1 .Thursday^,- Oc- tober 23. There was a fine show of roses ; ? indeed, the several , 'varieties qf this flower, formed the' chief feature ..-in the exhibition. .There were, howcyer,: ether handsome flowers 'Shown, and a number1 of ; articles not intended for competition were sent. There were only a few fruits and vege tables exhibited,, but in quality. they were ex cellent.: ?:.. . -. ' ... ... ? Rifle Match— England v. Australia.— We yesterday published a telegram announcing the scores made by the 10 Milang .riflemen selected to compete against tlie English 10, but in order to give a better WeA' of the natnretf the shooting we may menlion that tHe distances were 200, 300, 400, 500, 600- 700,: 800, and 900 yards,' with seVfcn'rounds at eaoh. Captain Rankiue's score, - upon an. analysis, gives five points over a centre a shot all through, and the average^ mmiber of marks per shot obtained by the entire squads was 2.15., or very little more than an outer a shot, The follow ing are the total scores ;— Captain IJunkinc, 173; M. Kankine, 132;Bishop, 124; Landsdcr, 118;Gralmm, ?118; Martin, 117; Dunk,. 112; A. Pavy, 109; E Pa\y, 101 ; Carruthers; 100. Grand total, 1,204. . Weslxvan Mutual lupRoyKMENT AsspciA Tios.— The Rev: C. Col well -will deliver tho monthly lecture this evening, in connection with this Associatiohi ob 'The JVdnderfl.: of the/ Heavens.' Tlie lecture will be illustrated with drawings, &c.;, and being upon a. very attractive subject it .wijl no doubt be well attended. ., THESo'cDiERa^WiVEa.-TJnder this heading we stated yesterclay that .Miss. Gougeriheim had sent a cheque for a handsome amount na her contri bution towards the funds proposed to be raised by means df a 'rtrasical' entertainment in nid of the wives of the soldiers of the 40tli. . 'We now leam that we were misinformed to Uils extent- that Miss Gougenheim's.note .to the: Committee was to the effect that she' would be happy to contribute ten guineas, towards the , funds in the event of her being unable to render her professional! services of th'eehtertainmerit. ' '... , ;'...? The Fixe ART3.-A superb bust of Her Royal Highness -the Princess of 'Wales, sculptured in Parian marble by Mr. F. M. Melier.was exhibited at the Exchange on Thurstlay. The Btatuotte is the. property iofi Mr. Acrainan; of ttoflrm of Jtfessri Acftunan,Maki: Idndsay,'ACd.i' ami bears Hie name of the Crystal Palace ArfCUnion. It , conveys a miich better ideaof the personal attrac tions of Her Royal Highness than could bo em bodied in any work of photographic art, and is wejl worth seeing. ., . Cows Struck bt Lightning. - On Saturday last, about half-pist 5 o'ebek.' two cow* and a calf, belonging, to Messrs. Dean &Laughtoh;, were standing in Mr. Dcati's paUdack.'at Oamjibdltown, wheu they were ptroak dead by lightmng. They all fell as If struck' down from east to west. On one of'the' cows there were no visible sighs of violence, but on the others there were marks like scratches down the body and legs. . . , . St Bartholomews CHURCH, NORWOOD.— The new and spacious building recently added to the west side of St. Bartholomew's Church, in the Beulah-road, Norwood, was consecrated by the Lord Bishop' of Adelaide on Thursday evening. His Lordship and a number of the clergy met at the entrance, and proceeded towards the communion table repeating the 24th Psalm; and His Lordship then, in an impressive manner, delivered the address and prayers in accordance with tbe direc tions of the rubric. The service of the day was read by the Rev. D. J. H.Ibbetson, the officiating minister: and the -prescribed lessons having been delivered, the Bishop read the communion service, after which, he preached an appropriate sermon from the words contained in the three last verses of the 2nd chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Hebrews -' For verily He took not on Him the nature of angels; but He took on Him the seed of Abraham. Wherefore in all things it behoved Him to be made like unto His brethren, that He might be a merciful and faithful high priest in things pertaining to God to make recon ciliation for the sins of the people. For in that He himself hath suffered being tempted, He is able to succour them that are tempted.' His Lordship was attentively listened to throughout by a large congregation. A handsome collection was then made in aid of the building and pew funds. During the service the choir chanted several of the responses, assisted by the organist of the church Mr. Heberlet, on the harmonium, and the anthem 'Awake, awake' was also performed by them. The additional building is attached to the west side of the church. It is 67 feet in length, and 26 feet in width, and the height to the ridge of the building 45 feet. The total cost of the structure will be £1600, In addition to the Lord Bishop and the officiating minister, we noticed amongst those present the Venerable Archdeacon Woodcock, the Very Rev. Dean Farrell,: Canons Russell and Farr, and the Revs. Dove, Neville, Pollitt, Reid, and F. Williams. It was then given out that the Lord Bishop, would hold a confirmation in the church on the following Sunday evening. : . Corok^'sINQUK|t-aTKaDina.— On Tuesday, the 26th' instant, an iiiquest'was'held at Nan 'kervis's Hotel; 'Kadina, before Mr. J. B. Shepherd' 'son; S-Mn and a respectable Jury,) on the body of Eliza Farrell,7a child about, two years .of. age, who was found drowned in'a tank it the Wallaroo Mines on' the. 'previous day., 'Thfi Jury having been 8 worn, proceeded, with the Coroner, to the mine to view the body and inspect the tank, after which the following evidence, was taken v^Villiam Farrell depose'd^I ? am -the father of Eliu FAnell, whose body- the Jury has just viewed. Yesterday afternoon; abbtlt' half-past 2, I i went to Henry Anderson's for a' mallet we' were going to use underground. :I wanted 'to put a wooden wedge into it, and turned back to my own place for a little.saw to cut it otfwlth; When I had done so J told .Eliza to take the saw home to her mother. She, did so, and that was, ihe last I saw of her until J' saw her at 5 o'clock dead. A neighbour of mine came underground for ine, and told'me my child was drowned. When I camo Dr. Croft was there and some women: Did .not see the child near the tank. 'When 1 sent her back I saw her four steps from the door, she had taken the saw home, for I found it there. Catherine Bent de posed—I saw Eliza Farrell at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon in her mother's house. ! I left there about four minutes, past- A'.iuid; her mother came toiny house about a quarter of an hour after to see if, she had followed me. ' She went away aim came back suddenly,' and said she could not find her. She alarmed the people 'about! and said she thought -the child war lost. ?? In a few- minutes after that I sawJUr. Smith pick her out of tile water-tank. It was about three-quarters of an hour after I saw her that Mr. Smith picked her out of' the water. : I live hi one of the adjoining cottagesr Dr. Croft was called -to the child. I saw'Dr. Croft come a few minutes past 6. James Croft deposed— I am a legally- qualified medical practitiotter.'' Iwas sent' for at near 5 o'clock to [ seen child that bad-been. drowned belonging to Mr, Farreli When I arrived the child was dead. I -persevered for about three-quarters of an hour in applying the usual remedies; but to no purpose. The child' came to her death by suffocation from drowning. I don't think the 5-o'clOck bell had rung when I went Michael Smith deposed— Be- : foreen half-past- 4 and 5 yesterday afternoon I heard Mrs. Farrell screaming, and saying the child was in the tank. Went and; saw the child lying in the water. I took her out as quick as I could reach it, and bathed her with warm water until the doctor came. He was sent for as soon as I took the child out. I at first thought when I took her out there was life. Put a drop of spirits and water in her mouth. I was at work raising ' stone within four or five fathoms of the. tank.- She was lying on her back in ' the water, and foaming at the mouth. She was cold and no movement, The tanks belong to one of the Andersons. They have young children. The depth, of water was' 2- feet 1 inch. : The Coroner told tife Jury there, was no other evidence. He thought- it clear their verdict -inust either be an open one-T of 'Found drbwne3,''.'or 'Accidental drowning-1' No one saw the child fall into the tank, and therefore it appeared to him the evidence would, only justify a verdict of found drowned. He observed it was much to -be deplored; that people should , be so negh'gent as to leave their tanks unlenced and uncovered. It was only a few days since a similar accident occurred; at Jtfoonta.) The Jury, after % brief ' consultatiOD, brought ? &? & -verdict i of 'Fdurid'*drowried,'w!th the following rider :— '.'.The Jurors further wish to record their strong llsapprpbation of the reprehensible praclice of leaving tanks and other receptacles for water un [encedandunwrered.'-i - --11 v}i -- ?- j 1 ij^i' :?:''''?.? ;:?;?/.;?: ??/T' ?;''' ' i ' The Weather.— The weather during the last few days has been unusually changeable. On Wednesday evening a strong wind from the west ward brought with it immense clouds of dust, ' which was followed by a. smart shower of rain. Later in the evening the sky was clear and unclouded, and there was every appearance of a continued calm. On Thursday morning the wind blew violently from the northward, and, as on the previous evening, clouds of dust swept along the streets to the annoyance of the citizens. About midday the dust- storm again abated, and some slight showers fell in the afternoon. We have been politely favoured by Mr. Todd, Superin tendent of Telegraphs, with some tables and reports of meteorological observations made throughout the colony, and.in Victoria and New South Wales The following were the. readings of the barometer and the direction of the wind taken at the Adelaide Observatory, as. shown by Mr. Todd's tables:— Inches. Direction. Oct. 22—9.0 a.m. ... 29.42 N by E ' 12.40p.m. ... 20-274 ... N.N.W. ' 1.15 p.m. ........29-234 ... NW ' 2.0 p.m. ....... 29-222 ... N.W. At this time the barometer had sunk to its lowest point during the day, and there were indications of a severe storm. At the Port the wind was blowing hard from the westward. At 2h. 20m the barometer rose to 29-263, and at 4h. 40m. it attained to 29-407. At 3 o'clock Mr. Todd received a. tele- gram from Mr. J. R. Ellery, of the Melbourne Observatory; as follows;— Barometer. 29-767; wind, N, light; slight rain; sultry. Looks very threatening to W.S.W. No lightning. At Mount Gambier there was a thunderstorm at 4h. 40m. It also appears .from Mr Todd's tables that the height. of the barometer at 9 o'clock a.m. was generally greater to the eastward than in Adelaide, Thus at Mount Gambier it was 29-435; at Guichen Bay, 29-500; at Portland, 39-750; at Cape Ottway, 29-435; at Queenscliffe, 29-800; and. at Sydney, 29-945. The thermometer at the same hour varied at the several Telegraph Stations within the colony from 62° at Strathalbyn to 80° at Kapunda. In Adelaide, the reading was 79.5°; at Portland, 70°; at Cape Otway, 65°; and at Sydney, 64°. AVESLKTAif Chapel, North Adelaids.-T}io anniversary services of the Wcsleyan Chapel, Arche^street,, North Adelaide, were commenced on Sunday nnd continued, on Wednesday last. The. sermons on Sunday were preached in tho morning by the Rev. J. Cope, minister of tho chapel, and in the evening by the Rev J. Watsford. On Wednesday the tea and public lnoeting were both numerously attended, Mr. J. Colton, M.P., presiding, at thclatter. From tho financial -statement submitted to the meeting the past year's income appeared to have beon £247, and the expenses (including interest ou the debt of £1,550 remaining on the chapel) £243, leaving a balance of nbout£4. A further debt of £00 was due, aud it was hopod- the subscriptions that evening wouhl clear it off. ' Addresses wpre then delivered on 'Tho Duty of Public Worship,' by the Rev. T. Lloyd; 'The .Institutions of the .ChurcJi, by the Rev. 11 C. Floeknrtf ' Wesloyan Mcthodism,V,,by the Rev. a Oplwell ; and 'Tho Elements of. Oljurph. Supcesi,' by tho Rev, J. 'Wotsford. Duripg jJicj evening several anthems were rendered by, &Q; choir '.with good effect. Th 0 collection .made realked'over £20, aud the meeting terminated i|i the customary taaimcr. ' ' '; Tnfi ABEtAiDic'.Jtnii.-^At 'a meeting of- tho new Directory of the Adelaide Mining Company, held on Thursday,: Captain Peter flooper, recently arrived from England, and who is accredited by testimonials of the highest character; w»s ap pointed to the manageirent of. tho mine. Tho Wiving of thendit«nd the wrktaff/of the auri ferous^ lode are to be simultaneously proceeded with the greatest care bcibg: taken to provide against the loss of any of the gold, of the quantity of which fresh coufirmatiou lias recently been oUtaihed.; Arrangements, will probably be made shortly for the more scientific separation of tho precious metal. . Rifle Match-Robe Town v. PonTi-ANn.~ The Border Jru/cA-publishes the following- Hcorcs of tlie late rifle -niateh between the Robe Town and Portland volunteers. ^Last year Robe won both mutches, but, us will Imj seen,. Portland has secured tliehopoiir 9f the first, 'this, season by a majority of 12 points. The firing took place at 20MUU, COO, and .000 yards, anibvjiilo the match was progressing the weather was both variable and showery :— ??..'? J- Finn. ? 7u Walker ? 117 f 'arrow ? 74 Hotson ? f» J.K Butler ? us Douglas ? m H-9.urt.ls-. ? W Evuns ? 68 U. Cr. Crouch ? 51 «elJ ? ... 57 A- Vraut ? -« Warren ? 72 D. Jones ? 72 Watson ? T.\ Total ? 4U5 Total ? Isij Reported Case op Pleuro-pneuuokia at Pknom.— ThcPenola correspondent of the liunlcr Watclt, writing on the! 4th inst., says he is surry to rcporltliat 'a decided case of pleurc-pneumouia occurred here thd otlier day. The animal affected A was a cpw belonging to' a widow. It was at oncu destroyed by orderof ,U)e authpritiea. and we have not heard of any other cases.'' We publish tho above because wo do not think that on so impor tant a subject Anything should be suppressed; but until further information is at hand we adrise our readers to withhold thoir, belief.. Some time ago a similar report was spread, -which on enquiry proved to be false. Tlie Government will no doubt tako immediate steps to, test tho truthfulness of tho report. ' ' ' Fire near Reynella. - A correspondent favours us with the following:-' About 1 o'clock this morning a fire was discovered on the premises of Mr. Richard Lambert, nearReynella. It is sup- sed to have been, occasioned by the lightning. A large shed covered with straw was destroyed; but very fortunately, although very close to build- ings in which were several machines and other property, the fire was confined to the shed. Several of the surrounding inhabitants were quickly on the spot. Mr. Lambert is an Old resident, and very generally respected.' Methodist- New Connexion Litkraut ianh Philosophical Hocutrv,— The reccut -lectures of the Rev. J. Manglian before the alwve Society have been 6n; diemWif— the courso embracing the history of 'chemical 'science, the general pro perties of mattcri tho derivations and uses of chemical tcrrasi aridthc various properties of tho principal gasw-the, whole being, illustrated by numerous diagrams and experiments, . and the course of study facilitated by a monitor- chart compiled by Mr. Maugham I'his chart corrtab-.s a list pf all the ch'cmlda\ [elements known to exist up to the present. 'time, together, with the names of their discoverers, their apecific gravity, symbols, combining proportions, Ac.., The lectures on tho .principal gases, given on the 14th and ^Ist Instant, dealt firstwith oxygen, the most Important and most abundant of the non-metallic elements. The term oxygen was. derived from two Greek words, and signified 'I form, acids,'! being Boaamed under the impression' that it was th^oply element that produced acids, whereas it was now1 known that sulphur; chlorine; &c.;:, ' were 'acid-producers, although uot to so great an extent as oxyircn ujypen lorraeny iuui several names, ; yus., deplildgisticateil ' air, empyreal ah*, -? and vital air. .Oxygen was; universally prevalent; entering .largely, Vitolth'e. composition of ; tho atmosphere, .water, rocks* «arU«, &c.; . Kwas also a constituent part of all organised beings.. If possessed neither colour nor smell,, was, almost tasteless, and appeared to be the mort passive and non-obtrusive of all the 'gases. The lecturer, by apine beautiful experiments, showed how oxygen could be ob tained from chlorate of potaili, mauganese, &c.; It was computed tliat4.OqOiOOO.000 lbs. of oxygen were annually consumed to support life and com bustion;' and1 that 'double-that quantity was re quired ior. all purposes. Taking the acidpro ducing gases first, the next in order was chlorine. This was first discovered to be a gas hi 1774, by a Swedish chemist, who, believing it to be a com pound, . designated it phloginticatcd muriatic gas. Lavoisier; 'the celebrated French', chemist, con cluding that It consisted1 of oxygen and muriatic acid, named it .oxy-muriatic. acid; buti.in 1510 Sir Humphry Davy found. It could not bo re solved^ into' 'any ? simpler, elements,' and there», fore gave it its present name. The word, chlo rine signified green,, ihe gas being that colour. Chlorine was never found, except in combination with some Important mineral body. In the air, earth, and ocean. It was always combined with sodium, forming chloride 'of, sodium, or common salt. It was likewise frand In combination with potassium, magnesium, and- oddum. It was met with very extensively, in' annuals and plant*, and also in animal liquids and the juices of plants, Its properties were ? very: distinctly and strongly marked, having- ' small and being visible. Chlorine, was ani t important supporter of combustion fn combination 'with hydrogen. If a lighted taper were'pja^etlip.i^esMl 'containing idilorine it would burn ?ery feebly, and emit a demo smoke, whilst if phosphorous were put in unlit, -it would immediately burst into n flame. If a piece of burning cliarccAl were dipped Into chlorine it would uot burn, whilst the copper wire attached to it would go Off in .a blaze, proving that chlorino would not combine with'; carbon, It was a great blessing that chlorine was not free and uncora binedintheair.or'we should scareelybe able to live, owing to its unpleasant smell. Mr. Maughan exhibited some interesting experiments to prove what he had asserted as to the nature and pro perties' of chlorine. ?;..! Tempeeajjcil-^A coltespondent says : .^?'.'Mr. WilluMns, the temperance advocate, de livered an interesting Jectmv on Mondav evening in tlie Bible Christian Chapel, Wallaroo Bay, to a crofrded and attentive audience, on the ' Haimony of Temperance and Religion.* The lecturer showed that temperance, considered in reference to health, comfort, and time, was of great im portance; biitwlien the Interests of the floulvere at stake, nothing was so uniwrtant apart from the Gospel. The Rev. J. Lee presided over the meeting. At the clone of the lecture a 'melody' wassune* aha. fifteen persona took the pledge. -The Teni pefanf^ Society here was fanned about twelve months agOj but was soon broken up on account of some leaving the neighbourhood. It has been since reorganized, and it is hoped that the present Committee; wjll labour: with : tmtirinR zeal, that many may be won to the ranks of tamperauce. A v6te of thanks, moved by Mr. Doyd, and teoonded bv, Mr., F^qi^vwas^ented to jthe iecturer. The benediction was pronounced, and thi meeting separated at an, early hour.1 ?,''.?? T^- 