. A MYSTERIOUS LODGER, (From All the Year Round.) < Tuouan we could hfctdly "hopa to moot-'with iv model lodger oRdn.'liko tbb Re?. Mr.: Adolphus, who had been vritb aa ever'-rinoe we began housekeeping,'it waa cer- tainly desirabl-so'Anuie and I conoludod-to have n, lodjjarof-HD/rje kind, even if'it wero en inferior dosirip Hon ot tba article;- (or ray salary at that tims, od junior clerk In th a respectable banking firm'oflriwea and Field. iag waa more prospaotlve than real ¡ aafflaicnt, perhaps, for s baahelor ofeoonomio tastes, bat sadly ont of pro- portion with the needs ol a married man. It being deoided, therefore, 'hat a aeoend lodger waa o necessary evil, a card notifying that Apartments fora Single Gentleman were to be let within, took i s plaoa in oar window ; bat week aller week passed .away, winter faded i afo spring, spring last itself in Bummer, ond still we remained without n single,, appliojnt for oar very genteel and oommodioaa room?. ; ; . Tbs hot dtya of Jape were drawing to a aloes when, on reaching hems ona evening from the t Aloe, I Baw by tbs Bpirhle in my wife's eye that- abe had something pirti, oalár to tell me, and i waa. soaroely seated before the news bural oat. - . > : . "Tom, dear,we have got a lodger at laat I' - "Did yon say a lodgirT" I oriod, starting np. " Another poor violim como to tbs nat-to be cheated, worried, bullied, and fleeced anmBtolfally. What la tbe wretohed individual's name r" , . ' " Mr, Jomea Twoahoea." <: ," A very ancient and honourable name, well known In numery history. Describe him." i '.'.',-. "Them's not maoh about him to deseribe. He's like any other eommonpltöe gentleman whola drawing on towordB middle age, with little in bia appearano.e to \- distinguish him from any one else. He la about Ava «od forty yeats-, old, as near aa I oan judge. Short .blaok hair, with jost a tinge of gray in it ; no beard or whiskers i dressed in a new glossy snit of blaok alethea; .wears black ÇIOVBP, much too long io the Angers, and an old taabisned blaok satin : stook, faatenod with a little pearl brooeb. He bas a good-tempered looking faoa, lighted np by two-qulok blaok eyes. Ho ia deaf to a very slight extant, and yon have to elevate your voloe when speak- ing to him. He has a habit of carrying his head for- ward a little, and partly on one aide, wbioh glvea him tbe^appestanoB of befog eontlDUsllyllsteiilBg for soi thing pulen be i» «wertla« every moment-to bearv : " A deporlptlon wjrtby of a passport. When doe« .Tritef . - . - -.. ' - ? . ' - About noon to-morrow, , He sleeps at one of I hotels to-night. Bat I forgot to esy that lie «ill 01 be a temporary lodger. Ha ban enraged the rooms the week, aa bia atay in Markballow will only ba a sb one. . Ha may want tba rooms for ona month, t months,' or three month P, ba and-just as .tbe far takes bim, and dependent on how soon be grows tit of oar litlla town. " Ah, well I I snpposa a temporary lodger is beti than none.' What references did be give?" -. - " Reference !" exolaimed Annie, in blank-dismi " Upon my word, I was so token np with the'idea letting- tbe tooms, that I forgot all «bout referenoee." " Tbrongb which forgetfulness," I said, aererely, " y introduce into tho house a person of whcm we km absolutely nothing." . Ob I be's thorfUjrblv rasprotahle, my drer; yon qi tell that at onoe from his appearance." ' " No doobt« Forgera and genteel piokpoobets a generally men of very respectable appearanoe. Thi ronpeotebility li port af their stock in trade. Til fellow,for anything we know to tba contrary, may be ci cf the two men wbo broke ont of a London prisi t'other doy, oome down to this little plaoe to bids t (be affair han blown ove," Seeing, however, .that Aun wo« inolined to lapse into a .« moist relenlmetit,'' BddeH; with my d«u»l good nature : .? Bat don't "distre yourself shoat it ; it may tarn out ail right you knoi and I ooo ask him for his references wheo be oomes t morrow." ' Punctual to appointment Mr. Twosboes arrived,, noon tba following day : and X may here say that II wile's description of bim wis soeloseand faithful tba» ¿an find nothing to add to it. A pori'ra«otean and witting ease formed the whola of oar new lodger's la 'g***. " Mr. Starling, I suppose I" he said, with a plosooi smile, and a hearty shake of the bani, "I hop's we sha seit one another; at least, I am sure It shall not ben fault if we don't. Fine old city this of yours," be wet oa after we had introduced bim toto bis rooms, " I ai quite in love with it already. I flatter myself that I bas always retained a dash of poetry in my composition, no withstanding that my life bas been Boob a hard end prut tiaalbne; and if anything could revive that sentinel] within my treust, it would be tho sight of your grand ol cathedral; and I may tell you, in oonfidenae, that woe I, James TwoBhona, was rambling through its. atoll this morning, I felt more than half inclined to try'm hind st a sonnet." ' ° Hs Bit down as he said this, and laughed in a healt way that it did one good to listen to. Who could as snob a man for referenoea t From tbat moment I gav np the idea as sn absurdity. ? " Your good lady," be went on, " has, I presume, toi yon I but I am only here for ? short timé. My stay ma he lim ¡'el to three weeks, or it may extend over tbre months.' ! For my Town part, I am a fellow who, alway makes it o point of giving way to my whims. Sd long a a plaoe takes my fanoy, there, I Blink, as fast as a bat naol«,-tîll'Some"' fine morning-a whim pops into m brain, and then, bey, preato I I'm off by tho first train whither J koowi-ot the'tirae, no more than the man ii tlie moon. Bather an uncomfortable, vogaboñ sort of existence,., rou may probably think; S it lt: I1 grant- i'. But what banV fellow do whoa whins are the master of him11. G ¡TS .way to them o coarse; and that's jost what I do. Well, we))," be wen on, " I've seen many a mora lively and populous pla» than Markhallow that hasn't pleased me half so wei1, I'll take a cutlet for dinner, if you pleaso : and any HUI pastry yon may bava, on hand." : : I saw nothing more ot Mr. Twosboes that dey, fo when Ï reaohed home in tbe evenltig he waa seated up stairs in bis own room, as my wife told me, smoking ar immense'meersohaum in oomptny witb some gin and water and a newspaper. To say tbat my wife and I wen prepossessed In favour of our new,lodger, is. merely tc eta'e tbe bare foot of Ibo oaBt>, We were delighted witl bim, and felt sure that he would bear comparison witl even such a model individual as tho Rev. Mr. Adolphus Mr. Twosboes went ont in the course of the followtaf forenoon, and shortly1 returned, bringing with him i aanary and cage, which / bp prpceeded to-baog up in bil room with evident delight ; and on tho bird turning out t< be o famous whlBtler,'be bad Annis and me specially up stairs to listen to it, and give him our opinion as to it! qualifications. In the ooaree of this dar, too, wo dis. covered ' tbat our'lodger was a performer on tbe'flute, We heard bim tootle tootle.ing in his rooms in i wandering altnloea oort' cf way for onm'o mlantaa bofora he settled down into any tune ; bat he seemed'to get Ihtc the proper groove atlast, and thoa went, on with ont tuno after another, from tea time till dusk'. I cannot sa] H at be impressed me BB bdog ' a very , gooc player;" and all his tunes were .of at old-faBbioned, sentimental kind, : such ai had bad their day, and gone out of vogue, n dczen jeir: before; indeed, to hear him at dusk, tootling throng! his open' window, you would bava token bina.to be s;me love-siok. swain- of; eighteen, lather than the hard- headed proolical man of tho world he laughingly de- clared himself to be. At tbe end of a week, Annia and I were still BB far se ever from being able to meka out tba profession of Mr, Twosboes, though we considered the question in all ita bearings, and gave due weight in oar deliberations to the varionB vague hints thrown out at different times by oar lodger. We aonoluded ot last, ia look of all direot evidence, tbat whatever ho might formerly hove been, bc could now ba nothing moro or liss than a gentleman living on his prlvato means. v . From tho first day Mr. Twoshoes bad bargained foi tbe use of a latchkey, with froo permission to oome in and go out at whaler hoars of the day and night he ni ght tbink proper; and ha waa not long before be made frequent use of the privilege wo . bad BO readily aonceded him. Not. nnfrequentty, ho would leave: the house at dask, and not return till two or three o'olook next morning ; ot other, times ¡ho would eet off early in tho morning, and remalli out tba whole of tbe day. " When one of my whims'lays bold of me," be laugh, ingly observed to my wife on ono occasion, " and whispers to me that I bod batter take a ramble, then miiBt I obey, and call Shanks' mare into immédiate re. qnUitlou,' whatever hour of IbB dhy or night it may be." I aonfess, however, that it gave ma '"a turo," as my wife weald Boy, when, on reaching home one evening; just after - dunk, I encountered Mr. Twoehoes on the stops, ss:be W8B in tbe oct of cloBing the door behind him, habited from head to foot In the garb of a grocm. I could hardly believe in the reality of what I saw, bnt there be stood, benign ont ly smiling down upon me from tito height of tho slops, not disoonoorted in tbe least, bat oalmly puffing away from the little blaok pipe between bis lips. On his bead be wore o glengarry bonnet; round his neck a bluo-nnd-whlte scarf, fastened wilh a horse shoe pia ; a waistcoat low dawn on the bips; n short cutaway coat,'breeches and gaiters; decidedly " horaej." AU these particulars I oould moko ont by tbe light of the opposite lamp.- Ho remarbad that one" of his whims bad overtaken bim, bedo mo a ohecrful good night, and walked off at a leisurely paao down the street. It WOB thred o'olook next: morning before Mr.' TwoBboos returned, and h iring let himself quietly in, stole upstairs to bia bedroom so gently that he would hardly b&ve; disturbed a mouse. " But worse was to follow. '.'.'' ' Mr. Twoshoeà had been with us about a montb, when I Was ono doy sent to R-, a neighbouring town nbout thirteen miles away, on business for tba firm. Thsre being no rail way between tho fro towna, I bad to hire a horse and gig. I had finished my business at R , and was setting out late in the afternoon on my roturn, when it began to rain heavily, for which reason I dater* mined to toko tho shortest rood home, Tbo read in question was not d very pleasant ono, running as it 'did through a wide tract of barren moorland, dreary "and deioliito lo tho'extreme, with not more (han half a dozen houses" on it ' i.1 a '. distance of as ' many mileB, Tho wca'ber, however,- deoidod mo to adopt tbisrouto? and I hid got half way across the moor on my return when my horse, which was but n poor inn- keeper's hack,i b 9 tray od enoh unmistakable Mgna of distress,! that I pulled up at a roadside inn, the only one within ti distança of several rolles, io 'order to nova my horse baited before continuing my journey. Whllo the OBtler was* bnny'cutside, I entered the little 'taproom lo obtain some refreshments for myself. On one sido of the room sat .two or three individuals in the'dross of la louring men, while opposite to thom, and quite alone; Bat a man on whoui tbe whole of- my attention WOB im. mediately oonoontrated.,, If not,Mr. Twoshoea hlmealf, it was his Hf lng presentment. started baokin amaze- ment, ,-. BB ' though I bad seen , a 'ghost, when my oyes first fell ou ,hlm ; . and the next moment waa about to ao'oost him familiarly, but some inward feeling made me hesitate just as the words'were forming on my lip;. The stranger, if stranger be wore, gave me one long, steady glauco, and then resumed his perusal of a r.iRged oountry newspaper. Was I right or wrong ia imagining hat a faint gleam of surprise shot for'a moment out of his eyes, to bo Imme- diately quenched in tbat dull, unrsoognhlng stsru T As far aa dress wont, he certainly bore no resemblance to Mr. TwoBhoOB, for he was habited in a ault of blue cloth with gltt buttons, after the faBbion of a mate or captain in the merchant servios. , Ho sat in Bilenco during tho wholo limo I was Ibero, neither speaking to nor bolng nddresBod by any Of the oompany. To make bis McenoBs to the genuine Mr. Two. shoes Btill more startling, he bcd the very Bim» slight sloop forward with ¿li h* .boulders, and tba sims intent look »bon« kl» -eT'"~ tboogb bs were listening to Roma imaginary ««V8* Uon-wbiob I knew sd well. In nbout ten tnlnat«>> ostler announced th nt my boree was ready. Aa I quit tba room I oast another long inquisitive g'encs atti eeafí'lng mm sitting so silent and grim J bat be nev looked np «gain, and I left him still intent over ti newspaper. When I raanhed home I found that 31 Twoahoes was oat, and had been for several boar«,' 4 whatever boar he might retarn, I determined to be c the wotan for him, sad judge from his dress whether waa really he whom I had seen- in the roadside inn, sat np patiently till twelve o'oloek, bat ab he had ni then rotnroed, 'I , pat oat , all tbs ¡ lights, an stationed myself in ; a . bedroom upstairs andafter- - waiting ' ' thora' -'three : m01 hoare, my patience wis rewardod'by seeing'Mr. Twi shoes ooma down the «trent. Thanks to a fiiendly lam opposite, I had no difficulty in Geeing fhow he wi dressed. It waa still raining a little; and tba fin thing I perocived was that he osrrlad an umbrella ; ' bi wbtn he petit down on nearing tbe door,'ell I aped maka ont waa that he wore bia ordinary blaok bat, an a waterproof cape that raaa'sed nearly to bis heels; B let himself in with bia latch-key, ind tt)(e upstairs I bed in his usuol stealthy manner. ! Three mysterious and auspioioua preo-edinga en th part of our lodger natu-aHy beeame a.teonroe of moo dlBquiet both to : Annie-- and myself ; iñdeei my. wife began to ' get . quite nervous on tb point, and to Imagine all kinds of terri lo'and unlike! things -aa the result of oar harbouring1 euoh an 'nnáe oountable personage in oar bnuee. . Mr. Twoshoes wat however, as I b»va vaid before, snob, a model lodger ii every other reepeot, so kind and considerate in ever way, anon a puaotual and littéral paymuatur, tbat, dc bate the question BB we wou'd, we oonld by no mean maka ap oar minda to part with' him; So wo decided a last to keep oar apprehensions and suspicions to om selves, and mention them neither to Mr. Twoshoes n< to any prying neighbour, and to pat down everything li oar lodgei's ways of life for wkioh we eoald nat find natural eolation to the score of eccentricity-a term, o very wide application indeed.: . Mr. Twoshoes had been with na about five weeks when Annib'a brother, Mr. Dick Derebam, oame dowi from London to spend his holidays with ns, for the sak of the -fishing for wbioh the neighbourhood of Mark ballow'is celebrated. He'was in those days stall rai boned young fellow, with, fair complexion large bino eyeB, oold and soeptioal in expression, and ? noss aa sharp and inqaisitive as'that of a ferret; with, ti erown oil, o'most exoBllent opinion of his own aooteneai and general abilities, dashed -with tbat slight saper eilionanets of tone and manner whiob, especially toward: homely oountry-folb, ls each . common oharacteristia o the mlddle olasB Oookncy. HO bad not been three houri in -the bbUBB before' he had wormed oat of Annie every, thing that we knew, surmised, and imagined oonoernlnt Mr. Twaahoefi Here was . promieiog pie ready for ar acate,young Cockney to poke his finger in'ot Nc fishing to be done till it was disposed of to hia satis faotion.; ' Heatly the' country waa not euoh a dull plaoe alter all i : He mat me that afternoon at the bank door, and, linking bia . arm in mine, unburdened his mind ai we walked home together. ' "Nan baa been opening her mind to me this after noon- about your lodger, Mr. Twoahoes," be began. ? "Indee!," said I drily, " you were immensely inter' eated, no doubl." " ' *- Oh I yon may jest about lt if you Hkd, but the ques- tion ia a serious one. , There's sometblng.bad abont tbat fellow, yon may depend upon it; and if Í were you; I'd either report him privately to the police, or else give-han a week's nctioe, end so get rid of bim altogether." . " Thank yon," I replied, " but BB I have no. nartieu'ar fault to find with' Mr. Tw shoes,I don't feel quite In. alined to adopt either of your suggestions.?. " But oonsider, my dear fellow, it's really not safe to have a man like tbat in your house-who frequently stays ont all night-who dresses one day os groom, an- other day as a merohant seaman, and,the next aa a anrate or private gentleman, It ; arises from no mere eooentrioltj-,J yon may. deperd on' it. ' There's - soma villainy'' afloat, and it will bé well if you are net implicated io it when the exposé coaxes-as como it mast, aome of these fiae days." " Now, soe yon here, my pert 'young Cockney," I re- plied; " Mr. TwoBhoes is my lodger, and a man whom I respect, sa don't attempt to pall him to pieoes in my presence. Yuo always were a tolerable band at dis- covering marea' neats, bat please don't try to find any In my house. Whatever may be the little eooentrioitics of; Air. Twoahnna, they «rn na business of yours or mine. That he is a very worthy gentleman, and thoreaghly honest and uptight, lam folly convinced. My advice to yon, therefore, is to go and look after the little fishes, and lot my estimable lodger alone." Dick was terribly huffid by my plain speaking, and did not fail to complain to my wife about it; but wbat annoyed ms;more was to find that be bsd contrived to offset her to some extent with his own absurd fears, BO that wheo we went to bed that night shs wosld insist on having tho bedroom door locked, a.precaution ehe had never oared to exeroise before, saying, la her oiroumlo OJtory, feminine way: - ? . ?' I " There's no knowing what may happen ¡with aoo'i mysterious psople ia the hpusf." A day or two after my conversation with Disk, oar senior partner sent fer me into the parlour, and informed mo that he wanted mo to oet oat for Fiance by. the: mail that evening, on business of importance, whioh would pro- bably oqoupy me about a week. Haying roooived my in struotions, I hurrisd borne, dined, made my few prepara. IIOUB o» speedily aa possible, Bent for my Anet Barbara to come ohd s'oy with Annie durlng roy absonoe, and then lingered a moment to givon parting injunction to my wife and Dick respecting Mr. .Twoshoes, I would not go till I received an assurance from both of them .that matters should go on os usual daring my absence \- that Mr. Twqshoes should be allowed to ooma and go os be might think proper, witbont notioo -'or oomment. Diok'a promise.of neutrality waa given too. readily to satisfy me, and I,.thought I de'eited a malioloua twinkle in hia oyo, as l shpnk 1 ii.bend at parting, whian boded no good to ecmsboily. Bat there was no help for it-basinets called, and I must obey. \- My visit to France, instead of occupying a weak, lasted for a fortnight ;, and daring tba time I »BB away Marli hallow raoBB took plaoo, the great festival of the year at oar little to°wn; ' .' ' * . On the third ond las'day. Mr. Disk D.'rebam, growing tired of the monotony of tod and line, bttobk himself for a little variety to tba racecoarao,; The last race waa over, and Diok had just turned hie faoe homeward,.'and lighted a oigar to beguile the duaty way,' when ho waa accosted by a fasbioncbly dressed individual, who politely requested'the favour of 0 light. Having obtained what: he wanted, it wsa only natural,, aa they. both happened tn ba going tl e a.ma way, that the étranger uhoiild enter into oonversutlon with Diok respea'.ing the events of the day. Diok was oharmel at onas with bia new acquaint- ance,- who seemed to be throughly at ; homo on oil matters . oonneoted with ibo turf,- and .proved , by a Bfmple sporting (quotion how, instead, of losing bis little bot of eight half-orawud, Diok might j ist as easily have wbn os monypDundp. In ten minn tra 'they wera on the footing of bid friends : mutually ploesod with eaoh other, and roch doing bis hts- ta im prono the other with tho extent and variety of bia in for. mition and' .tho brilliance of bis romorkE-a friendly rivalry in nbio^ Diok,' self omceited ea he WAH, could not help feeling considerably dfslaGcad'-'by bia efTtble friand. When they ronobod the town, nothing wourd snit Captain Julius-for by that nam; t ie stranger bad introduced himself-but that they must call in at the firat' hotel and hive a bottle of ohampagne together. One' bottle noocsaitatod ontt'ior ; and by tho lima tho seoond was half oropty, Diok bad grown very tolkntlvo, indeed; - ond' ronging with o loose und glow-* inn. tongao from ona topia to' another, found htmnolf uUlea'i olmont-lo his own surprise, for ho could not remember by what ploasont but devions path ho'bad reached that point-dilating to bis fashionable: friend, cn tho whims, coaentrioitte>,nnd anaooountablo voltarias of that mysterious Mr. Tnoshoca. Captain Julina sainted mightily interested ia the subject, and cross- ' questioned Diak upon it in a smiling'rffibla way, and ravened to it ngnln nnd again whenever Diok felt inolinod to wnndor i ff in ooma other mazy streamlet of talk, till ibero wos really toothing mere tobe learnt.. Having fl lilied their wine, they lett tho'' hotel, and strolled- arm in arm through that- streets, < now lighted, np and thronged with a busy orowd, till they roached the houBe . of DIok'B brotherr in-law'; ond thor-, after a br, arty Bhake ot the bend, and an arrangement toot D'.ok 'should cn'l on the captain at ht« hotel at cloven the next morning, they separated.' Dlolr, who was. still in. a somewhat elevated mood, llngerod at tho door for a few minutes to finish hlsolgnr. While thus standing be board tho Minster, dook atrike t»n, and put ¿ia band to his pocket to . draw oat bia watoh. Bat there was no watah left for him to find ; bin nookot bad,been neatly and Uoxterouuly picked of biB gold ropeator, viluo SS gtilnoas. Quito sober by thU time, ' and io a very ' quoer humour, 'Master Diok wolk?d down to tho polios «tatton to- RÍVO notico of» his looa. How Captain Julina would laugh nt him in tho morning fer being such a greenhorn an to allow bis pocket to bo picked If ho ooald only induite the captain to go Aching with him, ho would let him seo that, with n rod and linp, ho kntw a thing or two -that in matters piscatorial ho waa not altogether a notioo I But when he reached tho hotel, on tho fallow tag morning;, th» captain bsd Bo*o, leafing; a marni .bat ha bad baan telegraphed for, and obliged lo d«pi br lbs fix a,ra train ; bat that ba hoped to re viii! Mai hallow in the course of . fe* week*, and wonld not tb fall to baot np bia fiiond M'. Dorebam. Dlok retara home in a pensive mood, and spent a melancholy daj ' .the manufacture of ar'I fi id flies. A certain «v olag, about a.week later, found Di enjoying his clg»r as usual on the step ontsiio tbe do< Mrv 3fVotboe« waa from borne on sm» master h etraOéf .my wife end her annt »ere drinking toa at neighbour's in the next street ; the serrant w supposed to be gone <o s-e ber mother, bat was reality takfog'at pleasant rambla among tba lanea wi her "yoong mtcnf so that Dick had the whole asta lisbment to himself. Tho shadows were oroeplng a the streets, and Dlok waa thioking about turning li wheo bf» attention was drawn to the peculiar moremen of a stranger on the other aide' of tba way.. Dick ha noticed bim a minute or two before, staling rery earnest at"the boase; bad then seen bim moro »lowly down tl street; than «lowly return ii a sliding purposeless so of way ; and now for [ha sesead time be bad plante himself directly opposite tho house, and seamed to t taking a silent mental photograph of it. While Plo . was still looking at bim, and wondering what be ooal poselb'y ba abou', the stranger, ia a oautioue mannet beokoned him to approaah ; and on his repeating tb movement, Dlok quitted th? steps and lounged aoross tb alreet.'by no means pleased at reoeiviog so nndig nilled a summons. Tba stranger waa a burly, whiaket .lesB man, with a shifty quiek-glanelng eye, and a meutl that seemed purposely formed for the imbibition of »tran ' waters ; bis voice being a batso profundo, wi.h a sligo ebronia wheeze in the lower notes. "Your na joe is Riohard Dcreham, is it not ?" he said seizing DIO» Dy a (muon aa soon aa tba latter got wlthii arm's length. " I have reason to believe that it ia," answered doh " bnt would not like to take lorg rdda on tbe point. " None of your chaff, young gentleman, if ycu please All I wart is a few straightforward answers from you Attend. Is tberenot living in tbs same bouse with you an individual who goes by the name of Ur. James Two shoos ?" Dlok rubbed bis nose: he began to feel Interested. " I oannot answer any ef your questions," hs said " till I know what jour oi'jeot is in asking them; and something more about you." I "If you must know,you must," said the other. " Mj I name is Jibble. lam, in fact,-. Inspector Jibb'e, of thc Metropolitan Deteative Force, end I am not asking these quest! HiB without a parpóse in view." '.Now I oen anBwer you," said Dlok. "Mr.James »TwoBhoeB does live ia the bouse opposite." "Good. ' Have you noticed anything out of the comrroi, anything eccentrio or mysterious in the conduct cr habits of this Mr. TwosboeB F " I have," replied Dick, eagerly. And without farther questioning be told all that he knew, suspected, and Burmlsed respecting tbe unhappy Twosboea." " Quite ooinoides with the information I have re- ceived from bead.quarters," remarked the inspector, patronisingly, when Dlok had finished. "One or two more questions, and I bavo done, la Mr. Twoahoos in bis rooms at tba present time ?" ; "He is not-he will probably not ba bouse for Bavera] hoars; in fad, there'd no one in the house at present end that reminds rae (bat I bare left the front door ,' open." v.-..., 0 < .. No one ia the house at present, ah ?" said tba inspee tor, musingly, as he balanced himself on his heels, and jingled the loose ooah in hiapooket.j " N°w, Mr. Dere. ham,"I'll he frank with yon. I have io my pocket at the present moment »' 'warrant for the approhen. sion of James Twosboes. You may well start. He is .one of be cleverest and most thorough.paood ngues going. I have been on his Iraak for. a long time, but ho is auch a slippery onstomer that I' bava hitherto bad nothing tangible to) go upon. I have never been able to take bim in the fact. Bnt I hove got something certain to work on at lsBt, and I should have taken bim this morning bad I not rroelved a telegram from head- quarters requesting me to wait till to-morrow. This little delay will probably enable us to seîure the whole gang ot forgers with which he is oonoeoted, and of whioh he ia the obief. They are all to meet at a oertain plaoo at noon to- morrow. At present Twosboes is out a fact, by the way, of whian I was per. feotly aware bofora I come to seo i you; vand what I now want IB to make an Investlgitlou of. his -tooms before he roturo?, for I have reason to believe that among bis papers there, is ? Hst of names of wbiob T am exceedingly desirous of having a private view before going on my little expedition to- morrow. -Will yon, therefore, my good Mr. Dereham, just wait outside tho door for a few minnies, while I prooced upstairs and do my duty? And should Mr. T, strive in the meas, time, you must oontrlve,'o detain bim fora minute or two, till I have time to get out sf tba way. I must real y compliment you my young friend, on your powers of dis- crimination in this matter- .YOB wore not deoeirod by the specious pn tinoes of thia élever rogue I" They walked aeiosn the road together, and Dick stationed himself ontBida the door, while Jibble went. obout his little perquisition upstairs. Ho was not away more than five minutes, and Dlok waa still on tte watch when <ho. came, dowo.l " Just as I expectei," ho Raid. "Most valuable in. formation. "Must say good bye for the pteseot. Shall be happy to take a glaea of wine with you when UIIH little affair is over. lu the meanwhile, (-.iltnee-Beerst} I " and with an affihle wave ot the band tho bm ly in- spector lumbered rapidly down the street, and was quickly lost to view. In a happy frame of mind, and perfectly sallnfted that he had jost rendered an important service to Hooiely, DlaV lighted another ofgsr, and still maintaiotid his post ot observation nuvtlde the door., Ula thoughts had gone wandering! off by degrees towards a oertain young lady, md he.felt himself getting lulte sentimental, a rnost ? unusual frjme of mind for >iim, when, muaYto bia eur-' prise, hu saw tbo o'leery figure ol Mr. Twoshoea bearing down on kim from th« other sido of tho w.y, "How innooent he looks-the ounninp: old fox ?" murmnred. Dick to himself. He littlo tliir kt bow neatly tho trap is baited for him. ' I durst wager Ure yellow boys that ho won't look q lite to oheeiful ta morrow night ut this' time.", ? .. Mr. Twosboes waa ovldonlly in a burry, for, without pausing, ho. bade 'Diet a pl -nsont good night, ond then I pissed rapidly upstairs to his onn room, where Dick heard him-tbe next minitta strilrinR a light. :. ? , " Mr. Riobard Derehatn,". oillfd Mr. TV.OBhooe, gently over the telusttades, a minu'e O' two nficnvaida, "will yon ¿bilge me by ate¡ p'ng up'it.iiH ?'* . Wondering greatlr, Dick complied, thntigb not without, some hesitation. Mr. TwiebocH wan slowly rubbiug his chin with ans hacd as Diolt mitered the room. His eye« brota wera oontrartod, and thore wes » perplexed look on his fdoe, such as Disk hod Mover notioed before. '. "Are you owarp, Mr. Derohnni, that ilurin? my ob sence this afternoon my rc om bas been riled af varions arl ides belonging to me-among other'thlngs of II set of gold studs, o silvor lavar watch, and n portoinonnaio con- taining tva live-pound noten ?' " Itiflid I" gasped IJiolr. ".Reilly I wus not avaro of it I'*' ' " i don't ? suppssB 'you ware. Bat ara yon aware « bother any one, not nu inmuto of tho lionso, har had a coe si', either rtiroetly or indirectly, to this room while I horn I o'J otu?" " . . At tat as my knowledge goo», tl-ere hos only boen ona person here beyond' tba ordinary iii tuntas of tho hoiiBe." , '? ,." And who may that one porBon have bocu ? ' "'" Iasprotor Jibble. of thc Lindon polior." . " In peotor Ji'bl. Î And what might bs tba fallon's < business ia my room ? \ " Wu'y, to tell tho troth, lio snid he had got a.worrant put ipr your approhanulno, end carno up tosoaroh tho room for'BOnoe document or other which ho wanted." !' Mr, Twoshoes gave along, lo w whistle. "And where wcroyoa, Mr. Darebam, during the timo this person nos in ray room f n i ..He looked,very grim, as he asked this qnesllon, and DJok quaked in his thoeà BB hp ropliod, " Outside Ibo door; beeping watch, In foot." >; "Just BO; to prevent hit being disturbed. Neat, by Jove I uncommon neut I - Perhaps it will be os well to sea how yon yourself have fared, Mr. Doroham. Obligo me by taking tho light, and loading tho way lalo your own room." , ' Dick complied, in fear and trembling ;'and on look, 'lng round bis room, found that n ring and a breastpin had vaniahod-tba only available property tbote. " Then you have contrived to save your watob ?" said 'Mr,' Twosboes.' 1 . 1 - In sorrow7 and humiliation, Dick related the Btory of his meeting with Captain Jaitas, end how be bad tasen mare wine (ban TVJS good for bim, and had bad bis pocket picked aa be carno homo through/the crowd. "And servo you right, too I"* waa the oomment of Mr., Twosboes.'' " Here oomos Mrs.' Starling. It will' be as well- to inquire .whether oho has lost anything." . Searoh was modo downstairs, which resulted in tho dlsoovery that our few nilver epoonn and forks had boin taken; os,also sorrow of norrow¿I-tbo oliver teapot, my rion uncle's wedding gift. " A'tolerably deon attaep," romark»d Mr, Twosboce, when the searoh was ended; "and-I say lt nguiu-on uncommon neat Btrnka ol business AB for you, sir," turning to the dlsoonoertod Dla», " lilia tho man in the play, yon may ask your friends to wi ito yon down an os?. You bavo boen most transparently duped, and if yon had been tho solo sufferer, it would only have (aught you a ?meíój lon an, Yuor par If j.ar írifno. Optalo Jolla«, waa without doabt ? member of the swell ù*0»11 »? » .hoto k jour w«toh; uni ihe impndent ,*«8W' »ho oama I are 'o niijht w»< probably in-trooted by hínfc ¿"d »ill hand over to bim' á fair abara nf the pl ander."» "I aee it all now t What a fool I have been I"groaned poor Diok. .' Bat jon, sir," taming cn Mr. Twosboep, " had it not been for your mysterious goings on- had yon only aoted like any other reasonable roan-thia won ld never- have hapneneS," "8 J long aa mr good friends, Mr. end Mrs. Starling, are satisfied wita thoir lodger, I do not tea-ignise yoar right to interfere ia my concerns. Aa, however, my business io thia nalgbboarbood will bo ever in a few days, I will at onae give Mrs. Stirling that explana- tion whian, ander the oiranmatanoes, sba has a right to expect; and which you, Mr. Derebam. are at liberty to litten to, if yon think well to do BO. Know, therefore, .li persona whom it miy ongera, that I, Jam ts Twoshoes (thoogh chattier that is my real name or not does not in th« least matter),am a member of the Metro, politin Diteolive- Fo'oe, not a sham efflutr like your friand J i bbl p. Mr. D rebam ; that I came down here to hnnt oat n certain nest of forgers, whoBo handiwork wo bad traoed to this purl cf tbe count'y, without being [ ecaotly able'to lay oar Sagers on the rogues themselvos ; tba*, as a natural oorscqaenoo, a eertafa amount of aeorioy and mystery were eBsontial to my plan, 1 am happy to ray, bas proved completely successful. And nov/. Mr. Ddraham, yon and I had better stop down to toa police station, and famish the details of the robbery. Perhaps- wa may snooeed in (racing the rascals. Any» how, we have teen charmingly sold." Mr. TwfBhoes had quita reoorered his good humour by breakfast time next morning, and cnnld otford to lotigh as heartily aa anyone athis mishap ; bat Diok waa nowhere to be fonnd. He bad, in faot, risen with tba lalk, and aet on> for London by the Amt train, and from tb>t day to this we bave nuver soen bis faoa ia MarkhsW lüW. \- ' Of Captain Jallas and b's confederate, it ii only ucoeo. sar? ti soy that they were oaptured soma three months later, in aonnequenoe of a aeoond robbery in which they again asted aa partners; and that they floolly met with the rAB.irit ar ht nh thoir nnnnllar tnlnntn merited Bowell. T. S* 