MISCELLANEOUS. In a mmnasterv' of the Levuit, there is a monk thirty.five years of age, who never saw a woman. He has no recul lection of his tmther. 1 t Wake up here, and pay your lodg. Inlg," said the deatce n, as he ml edll a sleepy stranger with the contribution hi.. Boutra.n.--Whetl the Enelish were ,ood Catholics they usn illy draink the Pope's healt i it a full glass every day ialter dinner--au bon perq; whence the word bumper. 1 ratlher interestiing case of "friend. ship." as it is called oiln ne side, but of " public fraudl," us tho jtlge called it, c.:nne to li ht in an interlpleadler case in the Collunty Court, 13allsartt, on Satur. day, in the case of R11n,,:all v Onslow. It nppeart, from the report given by the Star, th[it the plaintiff had levied under I jaulgctent obtained, when one Hiigh Caniphlell claimed under a bill of sale whi ichll Ipirplrted 'to: e security for £200 of lawful 'Britah nilneyv" had anad ru oiveod ,by the defendant. It turned out..' however, that the" lavwlul liritish motney" iwns an iacdtittuodttionl hill at twelve months Ib Hi Honour ruled this to be a fraud within the statute, and diasillowed 'thecliim, witi costs. He that dies a martyr proves that he wis not a knrve, but by no means that d he was not a fool. i: LCcEss e Fra. LaDIgs.--A distin guished wri:ter sray, "There is but one Co passage in tl:e Bit.le where the girl' are a come.ar.ded to hiss the m : ; nrd that P is in the glden rule, ' wh:ntenever ye wonld that men should do unto yon, do d you even so to them.' " ii *A Maa.- The non who I call deser- so viya the name, is one whose thoughts di and exertions are for others rather than himsei; whose high purpee is adopted tt on just principles, end never abandor.cl Iv -while heaven and earth afford means of ° accomplishing it He is one who atill ni neither seek an indirect advantage by a tl specious road, nor t:.ke an evil path t. rr secure a real good purpose.-Sir Walter if sbott. at CaRTSALs on StILEER.-- 1esrs Ma'-R`-t tern and Co.'s claim on the Silver Hill, ki St. Arnaud, is also- wrthy of inspection; Stihe crystals of silver shine in the walls w like diamonds. tlutdreds of tons of g, these rich ores have been thrown away a .mn St. Arnaud, from necessity, the F miner having been forced hitherto to Ia crush their material by the go~d proces, to meet present wants. It is to be c hoped this state of things will shortly a assume new features It will not be ft the faults of Dr. Otway or the es tr, Silver As'ociatin if it 1does not. in A deputation waited upon his Excel- lu lency Sir Henry Barkly, at the Treasury. er on Thursda.O 30th ult., consisting of be Sir James P:inmer, Sir Francis Murphy, be his Worship the .Mayor of Melbr.rne, fen the lin. H. Miller, Messrs I. J. Paine, q, and J. Thomson. 'IThe object of the w deputation was to invite his Excellency nr to a valedictory lharquet in tMelbourne. ni Sir Henry Barkly, in a few appropriate da words, accepted the invitation, and it n, was arranged that a telegram should be m sent to Billaarat to arrange that the v banquet there shounl take place on the ne let, to enable his Excellency to be in to Melbourne on the 3rd. su We are glad to be able to inform our of readers that the extraordinary spectral bt illusions ohich have createdl so great a o sensation in Lindoin, at the Britannia di Theatre and the P,,lytechnic Institute, to will, in all probability, be soni produced ti in Melbourne. An experiment was ti tried before a few gentlemen ye-terd:y, _i in-a building calculnated to test it to the i1 utmost, and its success was canollete. al The ghost walked about in the most o, palpable way, and did all that was re- ne quired :of it, a very little mechanical ti contrivance being alone required to o make a public appearance-one that tl would afford the mst tremendous sen- a cation heard of in these matter-of-fact times.-Argus. 6th August. CALIFORNI. VEGETABLES.-Cnabahes c weighing 15 lb are wonders in New I York market; in San Francisco they d are common. While fields of cabbage t beads weighing 20 lb each have been I grgwn. One cabbage, which did not E make a head, grew to lhe 7 ft wide, throwing nout leaves 21 ft long on each side. In many cases the cabbage has been converted into a perennial, ever green, tree-like plant, by preventing it from ever going to seed. Several of these are growing in that State withit stalks from 2 ft to 6 ft hi-lD, and a foli-'a age that grows through winter and r summer. " In 1857 one squash vine on t the ranch of James Simmons, in Ybauh I County, produced 130 squashes, weigh ing in all 2604 lb. In the same year J.Q. A. Ballon, at San Jose, grew two a squashes weighing 210 lb and 204 lb s respectively. The largest California t onion weighed 47 oz avoirdupois, andl measured 22 inches in circamference. a Tie largest red beet weilced 118 lh, d was 5 feet long and 1 ft in diameter. It r was three years old. The first year it . grew to weigh 48 lb, and because of its large size it was reserved forsaced ; but it disappointed its owner, and instead of producing seed the next year, merely I kept on growing, and reached the size I of 80 lI, and the following year got to 118 lb. Such beets can he grown in I bnndeance.-Calhfornia Farmer. SAGACITY OF TttE zMonKF.a.--The ' following singular account of a combat between a monkey and a cnhra dn `cipello, is given in the Medical Times, on-the authority of a gentleman who witnessed the fact at Patna, some thirty years ago. The monkey inhabited a iirge burr (Indice) or banyian tree (ffcus. indica), and was preparing to as cend it, when lihe perceived a large cobn near the rant. On every attempt to sp. " pronch the trunk, the snake reared his crest to attack him, and, as the monkey moved to the other side, the snake in like manner shifted his ground, so as " alaavs to intercept his advance to tile -. tree " The monkey on this quic·kenud ': . iis movemnents, danced from sidet to side, and occasionally rushing directly at the snake as if to seize it, kept it in a state \- of continual action andt alarm for nearly ni--.?l otW houis. " At length the cobrs, appRa rentlv tired oat, lay stretched upon tihe ground. The monkey inow walkled leisurely heftire it, watching its motions all the time with the utmnost vigilance, and gradually lessening tihe dlistance le tween themn. till lhe arrived within reach of a single Ihound, when springiain on his enemy,. iefire hle had time to renr his head, grasped him firmly Iby the nieclk. The sntake instantly envel;itped liin in its folds, but the n;onkey retaiinig its hold, seized a brickbat (a part of the ruins of an old pagcli at tile fact cf thle tree) and coolly set hititelf to work t, rubl againist tile hIead ot- the stioke. 'This oper:tlicn was contitnud withi the m,,st tdetormiiicdl perseverance, till hlie had utterly des troyed ill vestigei of thle lhead. reihtcliig it to a ctnfusedl niss, whent, clise?ngagitig himself from the now intert flils, lihe threw it from him, and spranlg up to hii wanntedl roosting- lplace in the tree. Aftier this, it catn scarcely bIe q1iestionelI, thI;ti the monl;ky · nas not Ierfeectly awnre of tile idangrousc h Ih rcti of tie' s iake, anl asbo kniw well the scatt of the for nliliable Ipw-r a hich his enemiy Iosss ed, nl ciln in n ilnstani t putI fIrthll for his dietruittilil. It alsopiclpears to Itrav' tl rt thi ' hlrcir iiiiltnilms, itlllik te thitniiller ites, sail siall Iirdlls, arc incaclchilo ,,r witch g noted uptn byithe lols j r of fuiei Dation. The usual meeting of the Smythes dale Municipal Council, cn Friday, lapsed for na?,t of a qntrnmo. The Vien,.a j,,rnal= state that several cafes of that ci:v harp, lately introduce-] i a machine for sh fflaing eanls. which performs the work wi:h grest ceLi?ry. The late constituents of Dr. Ower.sin deeply resret his retirement from public! life at this jurcture, and still entertain some hopes that he may reconsider hist decision. Ar'r .tIsLV ,'e mea W.su.-One' of the Nerc York Kerald corresp>ndents tl has dies-versr .l near the Rapidan, a vernale I At t Sally, a slave woman, d nitn ts fire t"-,-=s ohl, who has lived all tl?-ee a,-.r- t. the same plantati,-n, and a rentmemner- the war of the revolution. l"b sa-ked her which was the worst war. and her response was, " This be wore. war, I reckon, mass;for every body i. killing everybody." Tihe late Ahbe Lo~s-r r.ire in a letter c written from Oxford ,gi-es the followin s graphic descriptin ,f th at city :- r, " How calm and l.:..tifnl is Oxford !ti Fancy, in a plain, surrounled by up lands, and bathed by t'o rivers, a mass of monuments, Gothic and Greek ; c churches, colleges, quadrangles, osrticos, c all dlistributed profitsely, but most grace- d fully, in quiet streets terminating in n trees and meadows. All these build- I lngs, consecrated to letters antl science. h have their gates open. The straner tc enters as he would enter his own home, on because they are the asylunms of the ir beautiful to all who are endowed with tr feeling. As you traverse these noiseless h quadrangles yo'u meet here and there d with young men in c:.p and gown, but ci no crowding, no din. There is a volent- o nity in the very atmosphere, as on walls p darkened by ages, for it seems to me tlhat l! noshing here is rep:.ired, for fear of com- c, mitting a crime asainst antiquity; and n yet y.tu have the most exquisite neat- ti ness in all these buildings, front the base I to the summit. I have nowhere seen I such an appearance of ruin with so much ft of preservation. In Italy the buildings a breathe of youth. In Oxford it is Titme C n hic slhows itself, lint Time with,, nt it decay, and with all its majesty. The tl town itself is small, but even this des i not take from the grandeur of the place ;l the monuments serve for houses, and a give it an air of vastness. HowU 1I longed to have you by me as I wandered alone amsttg those young men of your own age ! Not one of them knew me, nor cared to know. For them I was as though I did not exist; and more thantt once tears crept to my eyes when I thought that elsewhere I should have met the faces of friends." A Row.- A fracas occurred on Thursday last between Mr Salisbury, the chairman of tie Miinng Board, and 3lr Usher, the late mining registrar for this I district. It seems frm the evidence that Mr Salisiury was standing at the 1 i bar of the Manchester public hnuse, speaking to a friend, then Mr Usher ,offered him a pinch of sntff, in a mao Sne:r which, to JMr Salisbury, was ofifen a sire. The latter replied that lie did nut \- want any snuff, anll al- so that he consid t eretd Mr Usher's intrusion as an insult. f The only reply made by the pr,:enter ,f ithe snuffiwas, " Take al Iinch, do take a pinch." This appears to have so an ntved the chairman of the Mliini Board. that he told .lr Uther he wvas fit for a lunatic asylum. Mlr Usher asked 3Ir Salisbury to repeat his words in the presence of a witness, and the demand c not being complied with, Mr Usher struck him with his clenched hand on the side of the head. Damages were laid at £19 19a, and £7 10s was awarded by the Bench. When the ver dict was given the presiding magi-trate r remarked that the attack was moist un provoked. Mr Usher asked for an ex- I planation, as he was not aware if this t was the unanimotus decision, of the mn gietrates, or. merely of the Justice whol, had spoken. The Bench conferred and the presiding magistrate, for the benefit of the inquirer,' said that in saying so the spoke the sentimants of his brother justices.- Ararat Advertiser, 28th July. The dreadful calamity at FrankstonIt. by which four young children of the i name of Ritchie here burned to death. n on Thursday, formed the snhject of an inquest which was held yesterday before Stile district coroner. From the simple e and affecting tale of the mother, it Will b he seen that, after rising at daylight that ~ morning and despatehiig some of her usual honsehold duties, she left her five is chiltren in the house-three of them in v bed-and the other two partly dressed n while she went into the bu-h in search of a strayed cow. Little thinking of the dire catastrophe which was so sot., to d involve hier ilonse and its contents, t,,g,, ,ther with rher fStr ehlest ehlildren,in oner common destruction, she lttd proceededl ,some distance when sihe was strrnck, on I looking badck from a sill frosm whiclt sile .sousld see the vicisity of her htuse. bty seeing a great flme rising in tthat diree d tion. At first she tholusht that it might t e causesd by some neighbour hsrtting a , Ittap of rulbish in hIis garden; ibut tihe t thought sildetly rushed to Iher minsl i that it might be her otn htuse whichl is was on fire. Withi ever'y naternal feel is ing in a state of thie wilsest atgiitation, slhe t. ran back in the dire-tion of the htuse, Is and on arrival foundtl it burnedl to the d, ground, four of tile chitlren lnrnsed to of sleuth, and tthe youtgest hlspjtily roscted id isy a neiglsbsstr, after the urttrroweet Ipos st sible escape fromt lsareing its the saute Sfate. T'here is reason to believe that this 1 isnfist, after thie outbntrst of thie flltmes, Swas carried otlt to a pilace of comparative , safly ly thie ellest son, Colin, a soy of Ssix .eara f age, lwho on retsrnsing fsr Stie isrupose of niarming or assisting tihe i, sthlrs, twas blried beneath thie fltanitsg Smtnss oftthe fplling roof. With tshegreat I 'st dispossition on tihe part of thie neigh lbirs ts save the lives of the chilrenr, all atlenllls were sets to be quhie Ifruit-r. less, as, i ietsre their arrival, the roof ssf . the light timbered erection hadll fltllonr i r and thie i ,trisr ots ottne I bodly of flame. iThet'e wss ntthin,, in the evidence ts in r dicate any prsbtabls origin to the fire, sut r the jtry Cxescsi tiltd an epinist in cottee i titn whit theitr verdsetc,that it was causedt ccidentallytAl I ryut. 