T E L E (JRA PHI C JiESPA TCHES. SVDNEV, Tuesday.-The ball to the Victorian riflemen to-night promises to be a grand affair. When the Assembly met to-day Mr Cowper stated that Mr Martin had undertaken the formation of a Ministry. The House then adjourned for a week. Mr Martin proposes forming; a Ministry from the State-aid party, but if such a Ministry be formed, neither he nor they could hope to hold office for a week if Conper's party chose to oust them. A prize fight between Jackson and White came off yesterday near Mudgee. They fought three hours, and the battle ended in a draw. The Rirerine dele gates have informed Mr Cowper that Mr Giles's appointment as police magistrate at Deniliquin is unsatisfactory to the people of that district. Arrivals.- Auckland and Alice Cameron, from Auckland ; Netherby, from London ; Urara, from Brisbane. Departure.-Wonga Wonga, for Mel bourne. ADELAIDE, Tuesday.-In tho Assembly the Northern Territory Bill has been read a second time. The land is to be sold in lots of not less than 1G<> acres. Tho site reserved for the metropolis will be 1,000 acres. The pastoral lands will be leased for the first four years at Is per mile : after that at 2s Gd per mile, each lessee to put on three head of cattle or ten sheep to the mile. The Treasurer proposes to borrow £35,000, for twelve months, to get the colony out of its financial difficulty. The English mail has brought dates from San Francisco to the ISth July. The harvest was just commencing. The yield was much less than usual. No vessels were on the berth for Australia. John Carruthers and another firm were insolvent. Messrs English and Brown's tender for building the Town Hall is accepted-L14,5S3. Argus. LYCECM THEATRE.-There was a crowded house, last evening, at the Lyceum Theatre, and, certainly, there was great attraction to draw such an audience together. The ghostly drama -vas acted in the most successful manner, and was received with great applause. Tbe ghost illusion .was complete, and the more substantial actors surpassed themselves. The presence of such a large and appreciative audience was sufficient to give spirit to their acting. The different acts were well received anl loudly applauded ; and the third act, where the attractive danciDg of Franiein Fannie and the Leopold Brothers is introduced, was a special favorite. The comedy of'* Tom and .Terry " served to bring out a dis play of the manly art of self defence from those heroes of the ring, Mat. Hardy and Alf. M'Laren, for whose benefit the performances were given. "When they appeared on the stage with the gloves on they received a warm welcome from the audience, and were loudly cheered. Though the exhibition was somewhat different from the real tbing, still each successful hit, feint, or guard met with its due meed of applause, and the whole vva.s enjoyed by the spectators. The ballet of the 11 Dancing Scotchman " concluded the perform ances: and to-night the "Haunted Life" and Perpetual Motion " will be performed. OL'I: VOLUNTEER C A VALET. to the number of about twenty, depart for Ravcnswood to-day, where a grand review is to be held of the Cavalry corps from Bendigo. Castlemaine, &c.;, about noon. THE BENDIGO RIFLE CORPS.-The first parade of the volunteers under the new regulations takes place this afternoon at five p.m. We have no doubt but there will be a full attendance, as forty members, at least, must be on the ground to con stitute a parade, and these members who do not attend ! two parades per month will be fined. Sergeant O'Meara holds recruit drill every evening in the large room of the Union Hotel, and also at Eaglehawk several times weekly. Last evening about thirty new members were being drilled at the Union by Sergeant O'Meara, in the manual exercise, which they went through in a manner veiy creditable both to themselves and their instructor. THE ANTI-TRANSPORTATION MEETING, this evening, at the Town Hall, will in all probability, bring together a large number of people. Inde pendently of the righteous object which calls our citizens together, the new views on this subject adopted by the London Times and Daily News, as compared with the recommendations of the " Convict Committee," will surely furnish food I enough for oratory. We understand .that some ' of the ablest speakers in Sandhurst will'enunciate '< their views upon this, apparently the all absorbing topic in Victoria just now. BENOIGO HOSPITAL.-The Collector of the Bendigo Hospital acknowledges the receipt of £10, being a rnoiety of annual collection in various Wesleyan Churches on behalf of District Benevo lent Institutions. CRICKET.-On the Back Creek Ground to day the match First Eleven v. All Comers will be resumed, if there be a sufficient muster, otherwise a scratch match will be played. On Saturday, at Kangaroo Flat, the South Bendigo Club will do battle with the Garden Gully Eleven. INQUEST.-Mr. Pounds, the District Coroner, held an inquest at the Rose, .Shamrock and Thistle Hotel, Huntly, on the 13th instant, on the body of a child a few days old, and son of John F. Ranee, a sawyer by trade, residing at Epsoin. The child had. caught a severe cold. It got worse, was seized with convulsions, and eventually died. From the medical testimony of Dr=. Cheyne and Hoyle, who made a post mortem examination of the body, the jury returned a verdict that the death of deceased was caused from conjestion of the brain with effusions, after a four hours' illness, from natural causes. THE HEALTH or SANDHURST.-Persons who are desirous of giving information relative to the sani tory state of Sandhurst, and of making sugges tions for the better regulation of nuisances of the town which affect the public health, will have an opportunity afforded them of doing so on Monday, ? the 19th instant, at the Town Hall, where they ?will meet with the Superintending Inspector of the Central Board of Health, who is on a tour of inspection throughout the colony. 