BOXING DAY. More magnificent weather than has pre- vailed during the past week has never been cxpeiienced in this colony at the season of Chiistmas. Though the heat of thosun has been considerable, n strong and very cool south-westerly wind has prevailed both day and night, tempering the air to perfection, while a full moon has made the nights almost more lovely than tho day. ' Coming aftor tho late bitter gales and floods, the weather has been all the moro enjoyable, and it has bcon taken advantage of to the fullest extent, On Boxing Day, as on Christmas Day, Melbourne may be said to go out of town. Saturday last was no exception to tho rule. Littlo business was done. Few of the larger establishments opened their dows for any portion of the day> and all who could do so gavo up busi- ness at an unusually early hour. Tho cricket ground attracted its thousands during the afternoon and evening t3 seo the opening in- nings of tho match between tho Alliert Club, of Sydney, and the Melbouruo Club. Sunbury drew adargo number to tho "fair" extemporited on the pretty banks of Jackson's Creek. The parks were visited by many hun- dreds of picnic parties-some of whom, in- deed, pitched thtir tents on Christmas Day on cho£en spots, with the full determination to "camp out "-"glpsying " in the green ttcods-until tho holidays were fully over. S'vmc \eutured as far as the fern- tree gullies; and others, less romantic, sought tho sea-shore bejond Mordialloc, spreading out thtir feasts on tho banks of tho creek some two or tlnee miles bej ond the hotol-a sceno well known to those among us who share the enthusiasm of old Izaak Walton over ground or bait fish- ing, and can put "gentles" on the hooks as tenderly as if they loved them. Tho scrub about Brighton and Picnic Point was conveited into a series of natural arbours, where family parties squatted in the shado of the small but thickly-clustered and scented leaves of the tea-tree, and feasted in the fullest jollity of tho seaton on the contents of baskets and hampers, which vans and cars and " traps " of all kinds, as well as tho rail- way, conveyed to tho Bcene. Tho liver was less resorted to than is usually tho caso, for an obvious reason. . Though the flood has so far subsided that tho river now followd ita natural channel, tho Yarra is still high enough to leave the lagoons along its course unusually full, and to pour down a volume of water which renders boat- ing Eorncwhat moro fatiguing than plea- sure parties care to undergo. The banks havo also been destroyed or seriously da- maged in so many places, that landing on tho upper parts of tho river ia loss easy than it was, while it is possible that fresh dangers, in the Fhape of concealed snags, may have been added to thoEo the whereabouts of which v. ero previously known. Nor were the ex- cursions down the bay by steamor as numerous or as successful as usual, that portion of the holiday business hav- ing been left to a singlo vessel, somowhat too slow and small to saticfy excur- sionists in these days. Lorgo numbera, how- ever, availed themselves of the Williamstown Bteamcr to croEs the bay, while a s team-tug and many watermen's boats were busily omployed throughout the day in carrying visitors to and from the steamship Great Victoria, which was thrown open for the purpose. Among tho visitors was His Excellency the Governor, who proceeded on board, with his suite, about two o'clock, and spent some timo in examin- ing the appointments and arrangements of tho noble ship. The bay, undoubtedly, pre- sented unusual attractions on Saturday-at the hour at which His Excellency went aficat- to thoBO who have a tasto for nautical matters. For the first time, four fine steam- ers of the largest class lay at anchor within a few hundred yards of each other. Chief among tbem towered the GreatBritain. Not far from her, made glorious with bunting, and tho contle) of a little fleet of watermen's boats, was tha G real Victoria. Close inshore, between Sand- ridge and Williamstown, was the mail steamer Northam, with steam up, ready to proceed to ^sea with the English mails ; whilo tho steam transport ship Australia, with troops on board, from Rangoon for Auckland, lay in the outer anchorago. The Blackwall shipB at the Ballway Pior were also gaily de- corated with evergreens and flags, and oviry craft.however small,which could sport a bit of signal buntine, lent its assistance to tho geno ral display. At Williamstown, a special/«/« was organised in tho Botanic- gardens, to the attractions of which the boys' volunteer band lent not a little aid, with their clever fifes and drums. In the evening the theatres were woll ulled-the scene when the doors of tho Theatre Boyal were thrown open having been one rarely witnessed in Melbourne, BO great was tho crowd, extending quite across Bourke street. BOATING ON THE YARRA. Notwithstanding tho subsidence of the rivir, which has very nearly reached its ordinary level, the Yarra has been but poorly patronised by boating parties this Christmas. The few who have started have doubtless found themselves repaid, not only by the pleasures experienced in all aquatlo trips in fine weather, but by the opportunity given to see what tho floods had done, and tho dibris left. Ono of tho most remarkable things in this way is a huge solid bluegum tree, measuring nearly eighteen feot in girth, and containing about fifty tons of firewood, which has been loft by the waters juBt in, front of Carrlck's Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, on the Richmond bank. Where it carno norn, and how the monster was left thvre, is a wonder, but its intrinsic worth may perhaps help to mitigate Mr. Carrlck's losses by the inundation. Tho ruins of tho Elswick boathouse, beneath which are tho romains of somo four or five boats, look mournful enough, but wo hear that the club is going to make an ell'ort to repair its dúastur. Ot tho boat proprietors Mr. Edwards was the principal sufferer, though Mr. Fuller's pro- perty has, of course, been roughly handled. Mr. Edwards has just received, per Exodus, another addition to his fleet, in tho shapo of iwo sculling outrigger*, built by Harry CIoFper, ot Newcastle. WILLIAMSTOWN. The public gardens at Williamstown form an admirable site for an out-door entertain- ment. Planned with tho best possiblo tasto, and embracing a charming diversity of ser- pentine walk, lawn, and shrubbery, they re- quire only careful cultivatltn to bo made one of tho most agreeable retreats around Mel bourne". On Saturday, they were the scene of a/e/e of the most comprehensiva character-a fete which included attractions for all tastes and all ages. The sedate and prim were pro 'vided with a show of flowers, vegetables,, poultry, eggs, and butttr- moderate in ex-' tent, it is true, but unexceptionable an' quality. The sprightly could indulge ad libitum in dancing, " kiss-in-the- ring," and kindred diversions. The juvenile^, by the aid of foot-racing, swings, and a game called tourniquet, were also able to have their fill of amusement. Tourniquet, wo'may observe, provides a toy-prize, placed at tbe summit of a post eight feet high, for the boy who is ad- venturous and skilful enough to cross a rubi- con in the shape of a revolving cylinder. Thire was a " wheel of fortune," abounding in " prizes," and utterly destitute of " planks," and there was an ekctro-magnetic apparahi«. for the accommodation of anyone who desired a' slight sensation. Archeiy and " Aunt Sally " wero rival claimants for the patronage of those who were dispo-ed to di-<play the Sossession of a quick oy« and a ready hand, for was this all. A detachment of the Wil- liamstown division of the Naval Brigade ex- hibited theirproflciency in the cutlass exercise bc-fore Mnjiir Verdon,Ciiptain Elder, and Oafa taiuT Stewart; and thedrums and fifes of tile Immigrants' Home enlivened the placo witjli a good Et'kction of martial mutio A greater variety of recreation cmiidscaicfly have beau desired. The whole affair was highly success- ful, and fmnibhtd ampio enjoyment to somo 1,500 persons._ PIC-NIC AT SUNBURY. Amongst the al fresco festivities held on Boxing Day, few produced such hearty and wide-i-preod enjoyment as tho monster pic-nio at Sunbury. The scene of the merry-making was a beautiful grassy vale about half-a-mile to tbe right of the Sunbury station, twenty four miles from the metropolis, on the Mel- bourne and Sandhurst Railway. The ground, while affording ext;mlve scopofor multitudes of people to indulge in every variety of out- door amusement, is dotted lhere and there with fine gum-trees, whose spreading branches afford a pleasant shade from the rays of the sun, and give the locality a picturesqueness not surpassed, if equalled, by any of the park- like reserves in the immediato vicinity of Melbourne. It ia almost surrounded by a pretty brook, called Jackson's Creek, which in no slight degree enhances tho charms of the valley, and'lofty hills arise on every side, their bold and rugged outlines presenting a striking contrast to the peaceful homesteads and patches of cultivated land, of which glimpses can be obtained in the gaps and at the foots of tho hills. Two of tho rail way via- duct B-Jackson's Creek and the Blind Creek viaducts- aie within avery shortdistance,and can both bo seen from some portions of tho elevated ground. A few of the holiday-makors visited these engineering works, and other places of interest in the locality ; but the great bulk of thern,_ having taken a bird's-eya view of the romantic scoaory for which this part of the'colony is famed, confined their attention to tho amusements provided for their tntcitainmont ou the level sward already described. About 2,003 poisons \vdre present, upwards of 1.5C0 of whom were from the metropolis, special trains, at cheap fans, haviug been run from the Spencer street station. Messrs. Mai lam and King, by whom the pic-nic vtaB projected, and who Wera the cat«rere, had boen most assiduous in their preparations, and had omitted nothing which could coutnbute to the gratification of thutr patrons. There were footballs innumerable, s»inga erected in almost every tree, quoits, lind variotiB other attractions-nil provided frre of charge. It need scarcely be said that with a cerulean sky and balmy atpaospkere delightfully cool for an Australian' snminer day-tho sports were entored into with un- bounded ztst by young and old, and that the jocund laughter with which the valley rang till tho approach of Bundown betokened the timo for departure testified how thoroughly the " outing " had been relished. Three or four of the English cricketers were present. and were the "observed of all observers. In addition to the entertainments mentioned, a band of musio was engaged, to the stratus of which daucing was kept up with unflag- ging spirit, in a handsome marquee. The old English game of "kiss-in-the-ring" hid not it wer clunes than the dance ; and what- ever may bo the opinionof severe moralists na to the propriety of this amusement, theil philosophy would have been utterly con founded by seeing the high appreciation it which it was held by a tirclo of young mer and maidens nearly wide enough to encom pass a small village. A refreshment tent wn erected on tbe ground, aud refreshments ol the best quality, at very moderate prices were dispensed by Messrs. Mallum and King. The railway trains, bjth to ami from Sunbury kept excellent tima, and nothing oDourred to mar tho pleasure of th< day, except one unfoituuato circumstance A young woman, while playing at kiss-in tkc-rlng, accidentally tripped nerself, auc broke her right arm, by falling heavily ot the giound. The accident occurred a little after fivo o'clock in the ovenim?, and the sym pathy for the unfortunate sufferer was sucl that the gamo was immediately discontinued We may add that it is tkreo years since i publto pic-nio was held at Sunbury ; but wi may anticipate that such gathorings will bi of moro frequent occurrence, and certainlj the natural beauties of the locality dosorvt that it should bo better known and oftu vioited. _ TILE CHRISTMAS PANTOMIMES. THE ROTA.1I. t At the Theatre Royal on Saturday ovenini there was a thorough Christmas holidaj house, every part of tho theatre biinj crammed with visitors eoger to srs and enjo; the gorgeous Christmas entertainment thatthi management had prepared for their delecta' tion. Somo time before that announced fo: opening the doors it was found expediont ti admit tho holiday crowd ; and, consequently any persons who intended paying a visit to tin pit, stalls, upper boxes, or gallery, and delayet putting in an appeatancountilhalf pastsevei o'clock, found themselves unable to find a seat and shortly afterwards good standing roon was in hot requisition. Many of the patron of the dress circle were in a similar case, thi theatre being more fully attended than 01 any former occasion Bince tho night of it being first opened. Hundreds oi people wer turned away at the doors. In consequence of the crowded stato of th house, and especially of the dress circle, wher many wero waiting for places, it was though advisable to commenco the overture at twent; minutes beforo eight o'clock, and the curtail drew up about a quarter of an hour befor the appointed time. The first piece, a trifl called "Tho Conjugal Lesson," in which Mi and Mrs. Heir played the only two character* was bettor listened to than is usually tho fat of whatever precedes the Christmas pat tomine on Boxing Night. Then follow© Brooch's now famous burlesque oxtravaganz of " Lalla Rookh ; or, tho Princess, the Per and the Troubadour," with now and beaut; ful scenery by Messrs. Hennings, Tannett, au assistants. The principal characters in th burlesque were cast as follows : - Fer« morz, llifB Rose Edouln: Failadeen, Mi Lambert ; King Aurungzeb?, Mr. Harwood Kboreanbad, Mr. Stewart; Lalla Bo oki MÍES Earl; and Namoune, Miss J. Munt The other personages were sufficiently wel represented, and altogether the extravarjanzc being well played, was very favourably re celved. Tho now scenery and the spectacl generally would no doubt have alono] mud the production a great success. The pre gramme of tho new scenery is as follows : The Peri's home, a beautiful landscape seen' with a lako and distant mountains ;, Lall Rookh'sboudoir.annpnrttneutitiamiignificon EaBteinPalace; the Ghebar'sTemple, whlc might have been removed from Nineveh ; th Lake of Pearls aud a lovely Eastern lane Bcapo ; tho cavern, and the snowy mountains after which Lalla Rookb's procession arrlvt at the Palace of Feramorz, where thore is celebration of " Gorgeous Eastera Revels an Feast of Lanterns." In this temi) are intn duccd the full corpt de ballet, Amazonians an Arabs, with Fmulein Fannie as tho Ami zonian Queen. The ballet-master, Mr. I Leopold, deserves great credit for the mamu in which the numerous members, of tho car} de balli! acquitted themselves, especially at ti opening of the campuign. The next, a vei fine sane, " Tho Oatskirtsoi tho City,"ia ti next beforo tho graud transformation sooi by Tatnett, «"-The Rolden gates, alcoves', and. bowtra of iho Peri- home, and guidon Cor- ridors of ' tbó1 aerial amphitheatre-." This scene was received with-gi cat and well merited apiluuso. There was n0 formal in- terposition oftbepresidingfairlta to'effect the charge- of the leading personage»« In the bur- lesque into harlequins, columbine., clowns, nhil pantaloon., but the double company of pantomirnist« aro introduced whilu tho atten- tion of the audience, is engHged in admiring the mechanism of the opening-glorles of the spectacle,- This having fulfilled its'grateful » object, tho harlequinade ia at once com- menced, and tho usual Irlpä, mngical changes, hornpipes, burletque dunces, dtring letipB,' Icnoek-Pie-downs, 'and perilous ad- ventures of the pantomime BUcceed one another in unlntermitting and unfailing suc ti'fwion. The comic'businesà introduces mojt of the salient' toplci of the dav*«-the awful 1 eflects of pleuro-pneumonial beef-the Ameri- can fratricidal war-gubernatorial rival tastes and fancies for monkeys and boa constrictors -the New Zealand rebellion and our volun- teer foiccs-crinoline, ita uses and abuse, com mer. cement of the shooting season- the mi.chanceB of untrained and unaccustomed city sportsmen, who shoot at aplgoon, and jtill a crow, &c.-the; sometimes fu_*yand often inert police loll.e, including ono olhcial whose head ib cut til and re place.d by another, the wior.gt.ne- a gb o.-ti j bedroom, withreal pauro mittie ghosts-vanishing table-cloths, and ecor mandiziDg pictures on the walls-lutjg ige that walkH of itself to the train-stoves tnat come out fiora tho wall to roast the unsuspecting clown-stolon umbrellas, which, in the hands ot the clowns, severally become invested with a balloon power, which carries av_y their dishonest appropriators int} tho air. in one case diopplngthe tbiefinto the sea, where two fbaTlts are waiting for him for dinner. -There .was also _ performing dog of somo clever cess. These, and a multitude of other funniments, too numerous to mention, make up a very long Larkqumado, which it will be desirable to cnt down on a luture occasion, unless indeed the comedietta tv hieb precedes the builesque iß dispensed with, as it mi__ht will be, during the first fow nights of the run of the pantomime. The double company cuntiste- of thu Leopold family, and tho Edouin.family, with Mr. J. Downey-Fraulein Fannie and "Miss Julia Edouin b ing the two columbines; Mr. H. Leopold aud Mr. John Edouin, the tvvobatlequins; Mr. T. Leopold and Mr. W. Edcuin,the twoclowns ; and Mr. G. Li opold and Mr. Downey, the two pantaloons. " Hot codlings" found a substitute in a song of no merit by Mr. T. Leopold, but it intro- duced some burletque dancing, The " Grand last ec.ne" introduced some fine dioramic vitws by Hennings-scenes of Eugland, Ire- land, and Scotland- which must hu seen a second time to bo thoroughly appreciated, and in which the artiet has vied successfully with his former best efforts. The whole con- cluded with a giaad allegorL-al tubleau of gieat splendour. ' Altogether tbo burlesque and pantomime, as producid at the Theatre Boyal, are bound to please and to attract large audience, during a run of somo duration. Melbourne has on former occasions been well catered for in the matter of Christmas entei tainmenta, but never BO well as now in all that "meets the eye. Many an old playgoer looks back with plea- sure upon the gioiesque opening, of tho suc ce.sful pantomimes of olden days, with the huge masks and their funny appliances which gave them Eoine resembluncd to a possible vitality; butburle.que openings aro now all Ihe rage, and with some reglet that the ex- aggerated countenances which gratified the Christmas vision of boyhood long Binco do- pai ted no longer rule the day, it must be admitted that Mr. Barry Sullivan has hit the prevailing public ta.to by bia Lalla Bookh and double hurlequiuitde. THE HAYMARKET. On Saturday evening the Christmas season at this theatre commenced with a pantomime, the introduction to which was the old comic opera of Cinderella, the principal characters being supported by Madame Carandini, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Sherwin and the members of the Howson family. There was a large attendance, all parts of the theatre having been well filled. It is evident, from the manner in which tho panto- mime is placed upon the stage, that neither time nor labour has been spared in its production, and the result is likely to be a success. The scenery is of a praise- worthy character, the comic business is very good, and the members of the double com- pany-operatic and pantomimic- appear to work well togethor. The port of Cinderella was sustained by Miss Emma Howson ; and both as regards acting and singing, there was nothing to find fault with. The music of the part is evidently familiar to her, and otherwise she is a very graceful re- presentatlive of the heroine of the fairy tale. In the character of Felix, Prince of Salerno, Mr. John Howson was well suited in all re- spects, and his really fine voice was heard to advantage in the music which fell to his share. The part of Dandini, the valet to the Prince, was well supported, by Mr. Whar- ton. The same remark applies to the Fairy Queen of Madame Carandini; and the Clorinda of Miss Celia Howson is also en- titled to notice, in the harlequinade, the fun is of an enjojable description, and after a few repetitions have given smoothness to it, there will be little or no room for fault-finding. The comic staff is a good one, including as it does Mr. W. Renno, as clown ; Mr. Flexmore, as harlequin; Mr, Barlow, as negro clown; and Madame Strobluger, as columbine. Tho arrangements generally are of a highly satis- factory charaoter, and altogether a very plea- sant evening may be spent at the Haymarket any time during the festive season. The con- cluding scene of the pantomime is very briil- liant. ST. GEORGE'S HALL. Mr. Kay's entertainment, at St. George's hall, was very fairly patronized on Saturday evening, it being no doubt considered that the subject was one specially appropriato to Boxing Day. Amongst the novelties intro- duced was a poisonation of Lord Duiulroary, who, in a viry affable manner, favoured tho audience with a aoug, in which his lordship's anticipations from the comiug year wore ex- pressed in a vory humorous manner. The beautifully-executed scenes of the diorama were often-and deservedly applauded. MR. BIRCH'S ENTERTAINMENT. This popular gentleman re-appeared at tho Polytechnic InBtituto on Saturday afternoon and evening, and his welconio was a warm one. In the afternoon, the placo was well attended ; and at night, nearly as many were refused, admission as contrived te wedge themselves into tho room. Tho entertainment is largely altered, In the first place, it lasts very nearly two boura in- stead of one ; and fresh songs and impersona- tions have beén'added.# Beside "Mrs. Jab bctjaw," whoso narnu indicates her pecu- liarities, the "Hon Filz Foozlo Swellington," a periect Lord Dundreary, steps upon the Btcne, and indulges his audience with a taste of his quality in a characteristic song But Mr. Birch has about doubled his niambar of Bongs ; and as his repertoire is a la-gi one, tho public may oxpoot even other novelties. " Lizzie, just over tho way," is very good, and a " patter" song, given towards the conclu- sion of the evening is Irresistible in provoking mirth. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. Professor Barring's entertainment bora was well patronized on Saturday night. Wo havo already mentioned tbe nature of his perform- ances, which are especially interesting to those who love to combine instruction with amusement. In this rospeot his chemical experiments aro worth particular attontion ; while his dissolving views, and excessively comical pantomime, caniod out with figures rendered motive by t ptical delu.ion, similar to Professor Popper's celebrated ghost, with tho exhibition of which in the CryBtal Palace FiofeEsor Perring was connected, were loudly applauded._ FATA- ACCIDENT.-Yeatorday, a Chinaman died from the iffecta of injuries sustained by i falling down a shaft on the Lanarkshire lea 1. We aro informed that hlB mates allowed him to remain for tyre days without surgical as- sistance at all, when Dr. Hopkins was called in, who found tho poor fellow's baok broken, and recommended that he should bo sent to the Bt echworth Hospital. Instead of follow- ing this advice, a Chinese doctor was applied lo, who promised to effect a complota cure foi *26.-Hurray Qoeette, Deo. 20, 