THE GHOST IN CHANCERY. The Lord Chancellor has been visited at his man- <*> sion, Hackwood Park, near Basingstoke, by the Ghost and a number of gentlemen, all claiming more or less legitimate relationship to him. Messrs. Loibl and Sonnhammer, the proprietors of the Pavilion Music Hall, at the top of tbe Haymarket, took him, and Mr. Wildo (of the Alhambra), Mr. King (of Bath), Professor Pepper (of tbe Polytechnic), and others claimed him, and brought their legal advisers to support the claim. The question arose in this way. In February last, after Messrs. Dircks and Pep per's Ghost had turned out a " bit" at the Polytech nic, they obtained a provisional specification, with a view to patent. In tbe foUowing August, just before it was time to obtain the great seal, the other parties above-named lodged objections according to the Patent Law Amendment Act. On account of these objections the patentees obtained a further month's provisional protection to answer them. Affidavits were further filed on both sides, and tbe Lord Chancellor fixed Wednesday for tbe disposal of tbe case so far as the issue of the great seal was con cerned. After disposing of some legal technicalities which his lordship adjusted to meet both sides, Mr. Bower, on behalf of Messrs. Loibl and Sonnhammer, went into the merits of the case. He put in a num ber of affidavits tending to prove that the ghost was a very old one, and had been exhibited in London and throughout the country as far back as 1845, tbe parentage of it seeming to rest on Herr Djbler, the celebrated conjuror. He referred his lordship to a playbill of the period, wherein one Palmer exhibited it for his benefit at Margate. As the proprietors of the Pavilion had taken a model stage down with them att complete, the " house was lighted up," and his lordship had the pleasure of witnessing the ghost business very conveniently. In the course of the argument bis lordship said that he remembered seeing the same thing when a boy 65 years ago; it was exhibited by Belzoni, the celebrated traveller, and an account of it was published. On the other side affi davits were put in from Sir David Brewster and Professor Wheatstone, testifying that the invention was new. The Lord ChanceUor delivered an elaborate judg ment. He reviewed all the affidavits, and said that the objectors had no grounds before them; they came in at the last moment, and wanted to overturn all the three hearings of the Attorney-General, who must have been satisfied of tbe merits before he remitted the patent for the great seaL If he witheld it, the patentees had no remedy, no appeal elsewhere, but by granting the patent he placed them in a position to prove and maintain their right to it. Nor would this inflict any wrong on the objectors, as they could try the value of the patent in a Court of Law. His Lordship then directed the great seal to issue, [ with aU costs and charges against the objectors. The case extended over three hours. The Ghost and the law have by no means parted for ever, for being a good **? draw "as an entertain ment, Mr. Pepper will have many a contest about it. HewmbAvetof%uthardforhis*jHw?t, 