MINING BOARl). I no Hoard mot at the usual hour last evening. Present-The Chairman, Messrs. Black, Thompson, Houston, Blacliham, Smith, Kennedy, Richards, and Blair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. COKniiSPOXDEXCE. A letter, was received from the Department of T<atids and Survey, calling attention to a proclama tion in tlis Garernmcnt Gazette of the 15th inst., of a modification of the Slrathfieldsaye and Sedgwick Farmers' Common. The Clerk was instructed to send the letter to' 5Ir linker, at the Metropolitan Hotel, secretary to theGoldfields Common Managers. SDPEKI.VTKNDENT'S KKI'OltT. The report on the sludge channels way received and adopted. ' It stated that the flood had very much damaged some ol the channels. The box shoots of the White Hills channel, where they cross the main storm water channel have been carried awav. The Sheopsheadchannel was also similarly damaged, and that the Long Gully sludge contract will terminate next Thursday. flovd'S CASK. In the case of Floyd, part of whose quirtz claim on the Flora Keef had been sold, notwithstanding that he had been put in possession by the Warden, the Clerk was instructed to forward the petition of Mr Floyd to the Minister of Mines, accompanied by a strong recommendation from the Board to take the case into his consideration. AMENDMENT OF BV-LAW. The following amendment, moved by Mr Blair, seconded by Mr Houston, of clause 10 of the by law, viz , " Provided that 110 claim shall be liable to forfeiture during any period for which a drainage assessment or contribution of not less than three pence per lineal yard per week is being paid," was substituted in lieu of an amendment which had been passed by the Board, but which had not been for warded to the Government, to the effect " that no claim shall be liable to forfeiture during any period for which'a drainage assessment, or contribution, of not less than 25s per week is beijjg paid." The Board was then adjourned till Thursday fortnight. NOTICE OF MOTION. Mr Blair: To move that any holders of a miner's right who may have resided on the portion of land allowed him for residential purposes for a period of not less than six month=, shall be entitled to leave the said residence unoccupied for a period not ex ceeding six months, on his lodging an application with the registrar of the division in which his residence is situated, asking for the protection thereof. TUB NEW ELECTORAL ACT.-To-day, at twelve o'clock, a Revision Court will be held at the Town Hall, for the purpose of revising the new electoral roils, for both Houses of Parliament, for the Sandhurst Boroughs. At the same hour a Revision Court will be held in the District Police Court, for revising the rolls for the Manriurnng Electoral District, also for both Houses of Par liament. TUB SANDHURST CAVALRY TROOP.-A meet ing takes place this evening, at the Metropolitan Hotel, to elect a successor to Captain Bastard, re signed. Mr. Jjlius C'ohn is spoken of as the comintr man. TUB KA.NOAROO FL\T STVTIO.N will, we ob serve, be open for goods traffic on the 20th inst. SEBASTIAN.-We have been informed I hat the company projected to work the Sebastian Reef on Mr. Hugii Glass's ground is already at work, be side the reef, making foundations for the crushing engine which is to be put up The erection of an engine will be looked upon with satisfaction by the miners, if they-are allowed to get their stuff crushed at it, as it is believed that by crushing the washdirt, instead of puddling it, a large per centage of gold may he saved. It will also tend to the development of the reels in the locality, as prospectors will be enabled to get trial stone crushed, or to work quartz which would pav, the engine being npar, but which would not be re munerative if the stone had to be carted some miles, as it has to be at pre?ent. TUB VOI.U.N'TKKH BAND yesterday, for the first time, took possession of the rustic rotunda ru the Camp Reserve, which lias been provided with ac commodatiou for them plstyirig therein. For some two or three hours the bund, under the able leadership of Mr. <27\. Hallas, the band-master of the corps, beguiled the time of the listeners by the performance of some very good music. As the fine weather sets in these afternoon musical re unions will be largely patrouised by the public. " DA.MAGB.BT THE LATE FLOOD-We were in I formed, yesterday, by a gentleman arriving in Sandhurst from Maryborough, that Laurence's Bridge, on the Loddon, has been so much injured by the late floods as to he rendered impassable for vehicles. A temporary accomodation for foot passengers has been furnished ; but the main works of the bridge have been so much injured, that a considerable amount of labor will be re quired before it is again passable for horse traffic. LTCF.UM THEATRE.-The appearance of the ghost and the mysterious entertainment of the wizard, last night, at the Lyceum Theatre, were, as on previous evenings, very successfully gone through. Some few additional feats of legerde main, introduced by the wizard, were very cleverly done, and rewarded by cordial applause from the audience. It was noticeable that the housa- especially the dress circle portion-was better filled than on any previous evening of the ] week. - ' ' THE' MESAGEEIB.-A .most interesting collec tion of animals is at present on pxhibition at the rear of the Victoria Hotel, Pall Mall. Amongsc the number to 'which "spccial attention may be drawn are two which the notice states are gorillas. There is certainly something very human in their appearance; the ear is beautifully formed, and the hand resembles the human terminals. There is likewise the skull of a similar animal, the study of which will interest the phrenological student. The group will de light the enthusiastic supporter of the Darwinian theory of the origin of species. Two Axis deer, from the banks of the Ganges, are graceful look ing animal's, and their reddish brown hair is beau tifully marked with white spots. Down the centre of the back,-from the head to the tail, is a black stripe, on which are two rows of white spots, which addto-the beauty of the hair. The deer are tame as a lady's pet, and their lightness nnd grace of- movement, elegant shape, and clear gazelle eyes make thein objects of attention. The Tasinanian devil is about the size of a small, long, and thin pig, with a sharp snout. Its color and disposition do not .belie" its; name, for it is black as the old gentleman, and as vicious and un tameable in character as ho iss upposedto be, There are many other animals worth looking at in th'e'ex hihition, such as the ichneumon, or snake- killer,.a 'pretty little creature ; 'the Indian, or Cashmere ferrets, a light yellow colored animal used for hunting rabbits, &c; ' ; NEW INSOLVENT.-John Henry Schafar, Epsom, miner. Debts, £80 10s.; assets, £4; deficiency, £76 ]0s. Official assignee, Mr. Jacomb. 