A LADY'S TROUBLES. Caroline-street, South Yarra, June 22, 1803. DEAR MR. PUNCH,—As my husband left for the country to-day, and my mamma is at home in Yorkshire, I have no one to advise me but you. You will, like a kind creature, now, won't you ? I'm not a bit afraid of robbers, or cows, or ghosts, or of ordinary vagrants, or of Chinese orjjlack men ; but what does alarm me is the gentlemen and lady beggars—what my brother BOB used to call the swell mob, I think—whe never let me alone when my poor dear husband's away. Let me give you an instance or two. You know we don't live far from the station. Well, this morning JOHN went off by the ten o'clock train—at least I thought so, and I heard the whistle. But a few minutes after came a knock at the door, and in half a moment afterwards, BIDDY O'TOOLE, the housemaid, had handed in—not my JOHN—but a dapper little gentleman whom I never saw before. Indeed I did not see him at first then ; for, fancying all the time that it was JOHN running back for something heiiad left behind him, I went calmly on (in my deshabille) feeding'Mt darling baby, until a little cough from my visitor showed me it was an utter stranger Who had thus intruded upon me, and I in such costume ! '<1 Fear I call early,'' said he, to which I most ridiculously said "No;" and then out came a little book, which made me fancy he was either runner for a tradesman, or a rate collector, or something. " My iiame is the Reverend • said he; to my utter surprise, for he did not look and had not acted like a gentleman, and did hot wear a white tie, as most ministers do. " Indeed," I replied. «* I can wait, till you have finished" proceeded Ms reverence, evidently fancying I should ask lnm to sit down ; but, by this time I had & little re- covered my self-possession, so I- did not. To make a long story short, he wanted money for missionary purposes, and did not seem at all inclined to go away till he got it. As it happened, I had not a penny in the house, and I was never going to confess that. So I mustered up all my courage, and told him that I never gave money for any purposes to strangers; and that my husband, whom I expected back on the instant, was quite of my views; whereupon,-the rev. gentleman departed. I must confess, though, Mr. PUNCH, that it w&s; my false pride, and perhaps anger, at being caught en deshabille, that gave me courage ; and that if I had had a sovereign in the house that {alleged reverend) mendicant, under ordinaly circumstances would have had it; and, yet, for all I know, his mission is in his imagination, he is self-ordained, and his' 'stockin-trade is that lead pencil and penny note-book he produced. I rebuked BIDDY {who is not of my religious persuasion), for letting the clerical intruder in, and her apology was that his black tie had misled her. " Shure, if Pd guessed he was a prowling parson, I'd ha' known better than to ha' let him in," was the deluded girl's reply* He had obtained admission under false pretences. The game day in came two ladies—so announced, atleast by BIDDY, wanting something for the Princess ALEXANDRA'S bridal gift. With the utmost presence of mind this time—for I was cool, and properly dressed—I told them, with a sweet smile, #liat I had not quite made up my mind as to the amount of my contribution, and would send it direct to Lady BABKLY when I had. They looked disgusted. I could give you fifty other instances in which, pus fling people, utter strangers to me, have made their way into my lioiiBe, and almost required limiting out of it, after my husband has gone; and I don't like to give such genteel beggars to the police for fear, after all, they should turn out to be honest and respectable. Indeed, it is only after much experience, and many scoldings from. JOHN for giving money to strangers, that I have got so clever as I was in the two instances I have mentioned. Pray advise me and all other poor unprotected females what, in such cases, we ought to do. Yours sincerely, EMILY ANNE . [So much money is collected in such strange ways for such obscure "benevolent purposes," as Dr. MILTON would say, in these days, that Mr. PUNCH must decline to interfere. His fair correspondent had better again consult her husband, or the detective police. A powerful man servant might serve to put ont the male mendicants, but it is extremely difficult to know what to do with the female.—P.] 