MATHER'S WONDERS OF THE IN VISIBLE WORLD.* , (From the Saturday Review. November liih.) TN looking back io the history of witchcraft, it i not the depth ofpopu ar ignorance and saporstitioi which it diBolorea that moves our special "wondoj Enlightened as the present age considers itself, ir cidents crop up from time to time whioh show hot great an ? iofiaeoce the powers of 'darkness sti'l rt ta n, and how imperfectly the boasted -spread c knowledge bas . aa ' yet disp'aoed them." Th optimist, who fondly imagines that human credc lity and prejudice can never assume the gros forms of error prevalent in a former generation may read>his own refutation in the criminal annal of bis own. It was only! the other day thati midland farm labourer murdered his fellow servan because she regarded him, as he supposed, with ai evil eye. And. as ii to prove that the- same' kim of stupid delusion may bo found ia the centres ó intelligence as well as in remote corners of thi country, it lately happened, in London itself, tha a young man was tried fora brutal assault on at Sged woman, his near, relative, the only motiYi for which was tbat she had bewitched him Theso are instances, and they 'might easily bi multiplied, which show the force and vitality o popular superstition. I tabarea has contracted; i is no longer epidemic, but local and isolated, yet i exists still ; and thi 3 reflection checks the sur prise we might otherwise feel at the delusions whiol were once common among large masses of the peo pie. What appears at the present day realhj astonishing is tbe attitude which the learned pro -fessions in former days, adopted in presence- o! these phenomena, and the views formerly enter- tained about them by the enlightened; minority, Wo measure our advance in civiiisa'ion.notby the extinction of error or credulity in the minds of an ignorant peasantry, but by the alteration in the views entertained on the subject by tho educated and enlightened closseB. lt is-quite possible nay, highly probable-that here and there, in the fens of Lincolnshire, a perfect match might be found st the present doy for tho stupidity and superstition that WBB rife in the seventeenth cen- tury. It is quite impossible that a Lord ChieJ Justice of the present day should use the language which Sir Matthew Ha'e is reported to have used at the trial of the Suffolk witches, or that learned and pious divines should imitate the example of the two Mathers. This brings tus to say a fow words about the authors of the two treatises reprinted in tho vo'umc whioh we have under review. The Mathers, father and son, belonged to a distinguished family of puritanical ministers at Boston, in America, being lineal descendants' of one of the Pilgrim Fathers. Both, were distinguished for their learning, and theo'ogical- attainments-tbe elder Mather being, in 1685, olee od President of Har- vard C illr-ge, while the younger was still more remarkable for his scholarship, and held an impor- tant post in the same institution. , Tn the spring of 1692, an alarm of wi clicraft was raised in the fan ily of tho Minister of Salem, in the colony of NewÉngland.Oncestàrted, the alarm sproad rapidly an 1 in a short time a great many persons were thrown into prison on very frivolous grounds. The Governor,, Sir William Phfppt», appears to have been carried away by the excitement,'.and authorized, judicial prosecutions. Embarass*id by this extraordinary sta*o of things, ho pro- ceeded to call in the assistance of the clergy of Boston, and this brought at once thc two Mathers on tho stage. As may be supposed, the panic WOB not allayed hy the. interference of two di- vines who had adopted a'l the ' most extreme notions of tho puritanical party with rogard to. witchcraft. One execu ian followed another;; nineteen persons, one of them, himself a minister, whose principal crime was a disbelief in,witch- craft, were banged, and one who .refused to plead waa, in accordance with tbe old criminal law, pressed to death. ?To Buch a pitch did_ excitement rise that two dogs accused of wi I craft were put to death. In all these scandal proceedings the prime agent was Gotton^Matl The mania having run i's course, s reac ion t place, and Cotton Mather was called on by Governor to employ bi3 pen in justifying what ! been done. The result of his labouis was the b which constitutes the former part of thia volu Thé Wonders of the Invisible World, W Governor,.,"Phipps was recalled . in the follow year, the agitation had nearly subsided, and people in general had become convinced of tl error. Nothing, however, could induce Mathers to-admit that they had been mistak They persisted obstinately in the opinions tl had published, although the sequel of events 1 nisbed a practical refutation of them. The pee of Salem were filled with remorse f ..r their c duct. f 'J he jurors who bad taken part in the tr signed' a paper expressing their repentan What was s iii more conclusive, many of those « had confessed themselves witches, and had bi instrumental in accusing others, retracted all tl bad said,"and confessed they had acted under influence of terror. The two Mathers alone re ted all conviction. We cannot but think that editor of this volume lets them off somewhat I easily when he credits thom with acting consci tiously. In rushing headlong into the van c I popular delusion, they may very possibly hi believed themselvess , to be acting righ ly j bill I holding out against the almost universal repents which eos-jed, they would seem to have bi actna'ed DJ vanity more than any other moti : Aa a.pjiece justificative, the work oí Cotí Mather wholly fails to effect its object. It c hardly have carried conviction to one sensible rt among bis contemporaries ; and read by the lie which the progress of time has cost upon sud narrative, it appeare at first li tie more that tissue pf .unmeaning rhapsody. Yet there method in the man's : madness ; and this it which makes the book so curious. In a liten point of view, bis language is quaint and of forcible. The flaming invectives against t Devil and his Antichristish View, 'the sar* headed beast on the seven-hilled city," ¡ characteristic enough of the fierce Puritan bij who psnnqd them. But the most nptewor feature of the book is the strange jumble of tueth and system with the outpourings of a raving Fi: Monarchy man. The author tries, in tho fii plaoe, to "show that thora was an antecodent pi babiüty, both as to thc time and p'ace, of tl visitation of witchcraft. The New-Englandt were a people " settled in those which were on the Devil's territories'-Indian, of ctrorse, bei synonymous with Devil. Satan v>as natural irritated by this displacement ; but infinitely mc by the.Virtue and piety of the ..'settlers who h invaded his domain. It was a "rousing a'arr to the Devil when a great company of Engli Puritans'came to erect,evangelical churches ir corner of the world where he had reigned witho eon'roi for many ages. Then, as to the time f this' suprême effort of the arch-enemy. T overthrow of the Devil was to synchronize wi the overthrow of his eldes* son, the Papacy; at that Antichrist entered his last half-time, or ti last 180 years of his reign, : at t'. Reformation, in 1617. "By tfeie coi putation," argues Mather, "we must nee be within a very few years of suoh a mortificati to befall the See of. Borne, as that Antichrist mu quickly come to an end." Before his final defoe he would put forth all his power, and wi chcraft one of the instruments he would naturally use f effecting-his evil purposes.- This is the sort drivel with whioh Mather tries to acoonht for tl appearance of witched at Salem in the. partioul yearjl692. The only ingenious part of it is tl baok- hander he manages to give the Pope, tl state of whose fortunes bo assumes as'tho index Satan's reign. ; What would he not have chat tably inferred from', the present condition of tl Papacy, and the mortification which baa lately b fallen it-a little too late, however, by 170 year to make him a'true prophet ? Bo much by wc of introduction. The reverend .witebfindor the proceeds, after a very discursive-fashion, to quo a great many authorities,"and to draw a gre; many subtle distinctions between mere presumí tiona of. witchcraft and grounds for conviction. Tl vulgar teit of making a witch swim he scoots t fallacious. "* '1 he -evidence in this crime," sa} the elder Mather, in his " Cases of Conscience, appended to this volume, " ought to be as clear i in any other crime of a espi al nature j" and h goes on to argue against the pretended gift of in mersibiiiiy ascribed to witches. His objection t whit he calls " the vulgar probation" is not tin through ita application tho innocent might peris] but that it is.not to be safely relied on ; for tin many a witch bas sunk under the water." An so far from the Devil, who is supposed to posset a witch, objeoting to that olenient, the Gadaren hogs, whioh were drowned when th Devil was in them, is adduced' as a direct imtanc to tho con'rary. The two solid grounds for cot vtctinga witch are these-First, the free and volut tary confession-of the crime made by the accuse af.er due examination; and, secondly, the test! mony of two witnesses of good and honest report avouching before the magis rate upon their ¿wi knowledge, either that the party accused hatl made a league with the Devil,' or hath done som. known practice of witchcraft. It is worth whil to turn from these canons to their. practical ap plication at the trials at Salem. The first am most remarkable case reported by Cotton Mathor is that of G. B., a man whom he holds in sucl horror that be gives no more than the initials o his name.The heads of evidenco against hin are threefold. He was acoused, first, by those ho bad bewitched ; secondly, by several confess, jng. wi oh'es;- and, thirdly, ' by ¿ino persons whe imputed to bim such feats of strength as no on« could do without diabolical aséis anco. G. B, died ut erly denying his guilt, and asserting loudly his disbelief altogether in witches. There could, therefore, be no pretence for convicting him on tho ground of a free and voluntiry confession. If properly, convicted, it must have been on th? sufficient testimony of credible witnesses speaking to acts of witchcraft on his part. . Were is a fair specimen of one of the bewitohed persons: - One of them falling into S (ranos affirmed that G. B. had carried ber into a very high' mountain where he had Bhowa her mighty and glorious kingdoms, and said, "tie would give them all to her if she would writs in his book ; but sba refused'"his motions, enduring of muoh misery for that refusal."' . A great poiot is mado in thia and the succeeding cases ofsped ral representations. Some of the bewitched asserted that tho ghosts of G. B.'s two wives had appeared to them, and said ho had beon the death of thom, and thia s'atementwàs gravely admitted as evidence against him on the charge¡_of .witchcraft. As for the evidenco of confessing witches, it certainly ought to' have been excluded:on Mather's own -showing; ton such personB could scarcely claim-to. bo-witnesses u of good anil honest, report." As for the evidence of I prodigious pranks or feats wrought by the accused, litis tile crowning absurdity of-itho whole case. I Being a puny man, he had often done things bo i yond the strength of a giant. Ho had taken up j a gun, which a strong man could not steadily ho'i ou* with both bandit, »nd held it out like a piste at atm's length. Ile hsd a aio nothing of takinj 1 up wbo'e barrels filled with molasses or cider, ant I carr; ing them out of a canoe to the shore j Lastly, ha had made himself on one occisioi i invisible, tho evidence of which fact was a I follows : -« One Mr. Book, brother-in-law to thia G. B., te-ttifiec that G. B. himself and his stater, going out for two o three miles to cather strawberries, Rook with bis sister tho wifo of G. B., roda home re ry sortir, with G. B. ot foo in their company, when he stept atid into tbs bu thea wbereopon tba; baited and htllooed for bim. Be no1 answering-, they went homewards with a qmokened paco, without expectation of seeing bim for a considerable while and yet, when they were got near home, to their astonish' meat they found bim on foot with them, having a baaket ol strawberries. It may be well asked what there was diabolical oi supernatural for the clerical inquisitor to cxtrael from this very simple occurrence, or from thc further incident that, on thus' rejoining them " G. B. fell to ch ding his wire, on the account ol what she had been speaking to her brother of him on the road; which, when they wondered at, he said he knew their thoughts." Nothing c-uld be more likely than that he had overheard, or made a correct guess at, the subject of his wife's con- versation. Upon such monstrous evidence as this, wero in- nocent men and womea bounded to an ignomini- ous death by two professing Christian ministers. That they should lend their sanction, in a moment of general panic, to these violent proceedings, may admit of some excuse ; but the attempt to justify them,ex post facto, is as impoont as it is unblush- ing, and only serves to place on record to what terrible . lengths re'igious" frenzy may drive a narrow and perverted intelleot. It is painful to find a name so eminent as that of Sir Matthew Halo mixed up in so discreditable an affair. Tho trial of the Suff Ik witches, slightly_ abridged. RonTffie Repofis bf State Trials, is introduce 1 by Mather into the body of hi3 work, with the signifi- cant comment that it was a trial mach consideiod by the Judges of New England. It would be bard to find a more striking example of the wide- spread evil that may be caused by a want of moral courage. Had Hale been' Jeffreys, his name could not have leant"a moral support toa series of more barb «rous judicial murders. He little imagined that his disregard of the re'sonable ob- jection of Mr. Sergeant Keeling, and his timidity, in refilling to som up tbs case to the jury at Bury St. Edmund's, would be triumphantly quoted for the worst purposes by a set of fterco zealots in an obscure town on the other side of the Atlantic. . MaUitr't Wondtri of th« Invialbh World, London : I Jobo BUMOU Smith. 1662. | 