THE NEWS OF THE DAT. A deputation, from the Council of tho Royal So ciety of Victoria, consisting of Dr. Macadam, Vice President, the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale, Dr. JIuellor, Mr A. IC. Smith, nnd Mr Eitzgibbon, waited, yesterday, upon his Excellency Sir Charles Darling, to re quest him to consent to become tho patron of tho society. After some conversation, his Excellency said he was liannv that he had been ro(mnshnd f.n nr. cupy such a position, and that it would give him great pleasure to accept it. He would endeavor to ful fil the duties thus devolving upon him to the best of his ability, and to uso his utmost inlluenco to for ward the interests of the society. Tho deputation then thanked his Excellency nnd withdrew. In tho course of the conversation his Excellency referred in very Mattering terms to tho highly creditablo ap pearance mado by Victoria at the Great Exhibition, and stated that he wus much surprised and equally pleased at it. But littlo was doing at Colonel Pitt's offices yos tcrday, beyond tho transmission to tho Bay of n few stragglers who had been previously enrolled, but ' % had not gone aboard on Wednesday. The number ol new recruits was limited, and those who enrol now will be sent aboard-at once, until the Golden Age has her full complement. It seems that thero is still room for a few, so that it will probably bo the end of tho week before sho is ready to depart. Tho spring exhibition of the Geelong and Western District Agricultural and Horticultual Society took place, yesterday, at the society's yards, Geelong. Tho departments most fully supported were tho horso and implement classes. The horticultural branch was also highly creditablo, for so early a period of an inclement season. The proceedings were enlivened by a band ; and, tho day being fino, tho attendance of visitors was largo. A detailed report of tho proceedings will be found in another column. The two men, Kecnan and Cain, who stuck up Mr Stack between Daylesford and tho Blue Mountain Itusli, on tho 29th of last month, wore, yesterday, sentenced by his Honor Mr Justice Molesworth, tho former to ten years' hard labor on tho roads, tho first two in irons ; and the latter to eight years' hard labor, tho first year in irons. His Honor remarked that he took into consideration tho merciful conduct of tho prisoners in refraining from tho uso ot ox treme violenco ; but at the same tune he could not lose sight of tho fact that they had dragged Stack into the bash, and thero pinioned him, where ha miglit lmvo remained until Ho was starved to death. Tho learned judge also alluded to tho appearance of determination winch char ictorised Keenan's conduct, ftB lie had retained possession of aloaded rovolver up to tho timo of his clover capturo by Detcctivo Black. Wo understand that an notion pends in tho County Court, and will probably bo heard to-day, ut tho snit of Mr Curtis, of the firm Curtis nnd Taylor, who a while back acquired some celebrity from being concerned in tho evasion of tho Duffy Land Act. The plaintiff in this case endeavors to recover of Mr Moffat costs incurred in selecting lands under tho Act, and otherwise transacting the business by which the objects of his client were to be attained. The man Branch^ who has boon remanded upon a charge of burglary upon the premises of Mr Solomon, the furniture dealer, and who is also charged with attempted rnpo upon the servant, who was at tho timo in cliargo of the promises, is, in his way, a public character. Tho gentleman in question has for some timo before, aud sinco, pro sided at tho great gridiron in the dining saloon of the Cafe do Paris. It would havo doubtless heightened tho interest of tho frequenters of tho Cafu iu disposing of their grills on tho day fol lowing, had tlicy been aware of the Bensation per formance in which the maitrc de cuisine had taken so leading a part a few hours previously. We understand that his Excollcncy Sir Charles Darling and Lady Darling have consented to attend the return fancy dress ball to tho Mayor, which takes place on tho 29th inst. Those who wero guests of the mayor, and who wish to bo present at the rotnrn ball, should lose no timo in applying for their tickets to the secretary, as lie cannot undertake to retain them, there being so many applicants. A brigade order, which will bo found in our ad vertising columns, informs all officers forming vo lunteer corps under the now regulations, that tlioy are to apply to tho Colonel Commandant for infor mation on all subjects connected with promotions. A meeting of policy-holders in tho Waterloo Lifo Insurance Company was held, yesterday after noon, at tho London Tavern, Elizabeth stroet. Tho hour appointed was three o'clock, but it was after four when the business commenced, thero being only some five or six present up to that time. Dr. Brownless was in tho chair, and he briefly explained the purpose of the meeting — to decide ns to tho transfer cf thoir policies to another company. At a meeting held somo timo ago a committee was appointed to open negotiations with several offices in Melbourno, with n viow of as certaining on what terms they would accept tho transfer of tho policies. Of what had been dono in tho mattor Mr Ilarkor then mado report. Most of the offices, having no local directory, could not entertain tho question, but tho Victoria Company had mado them an offer, and tho Liverpool and London had defined tho terms upon which they would take tho policies. These were laid boforo tho meeting — Mr Hnrkor arguing that tho Liverpool and London Company's proposal was moat advantageous. Tho meeting spent somo timo in discussing tho comparative attractions of those two companies, Bomo of tho gentlemen present being disinclined to join either, aud giving tho preference to tho British Nation Company, which had bound itself to tnko tho policies of Melbourno holders, as well as the other business of tho Waterloo Company. Tho subject being exhausted, a voto was taken, and the mooting was found to bo equally divided ; the chairman gavo a casting voto, which was in favor of the Victoria Company. Tho terms proposed by that company are thereforo accepted by the policy holders, so far as tho meeting was con cerned, but it seems that after all each holder is nt Iiborty to transfer his policy to any company with whom he pleases to arrange on his own bohalf. Tho mooting, yesterday, simply declared its opinion that the Victoria Company's terms are the most liberal aud advantageous. A meeting of tho secretaries of tlio various cricket clubs in and around Melbourno was held, yesterday afternoon, at Marshall's Hotel, Swanston street, to nrrango upon matches for tho ensuing season. A number of matches were fixed, tho most important among thorn being those between Melbourne v. Rich mond, 7th and 14th November ; Melbourno v. East Melbourne, 10th and 17th October; Richmond v. St. Kilda, 21st aud 28tli November ; and Richmond v. Malvern Hill, 2-lth October, at Richmond. Tho matches 'or tho end of tho year wero left to bo decided upon at a futuro meeting. At tho Criminal Sessions, yesterday, John Langham was convicted on a charge of stealing from the person, and sentenced to eighteen months' hard labor on tho roads. William Hasland, tried on a charge of stealing a saddlo, was acquitted. Josoph Stevenson and William Butler wero informed against for burglariously entering tho shop of one TliomaB Calvert, in the Eastern Market, on tho 23rd August, and stealing therefrom a safe containing money, gold and other valuables. A melancholy feature in tho case was that the conviction of tho prisoners depended chioily upon tlio evidence of two sons of the prisoner Stevenson, ono of whom was an accom plice in the crimo, and both of whom it appeared wero being brought up by their father to assist him in his lawless pursuits. Tho jury had a -loubt as to the criminalty of tho man Butler and acquitted litm. Stevenson was found guilty nnd sentenced to seven years' hard labor on the roads. The return fancy ball to tho Mayor having been appointed to take placo in tho Exhibi tion Building on the samo ovoning as that pre viously fixed for tho Philharmonic Society's Con cert, the latter has been postponed to Tuesday, tho (itli of October next. In the County Court, yesterday, an action was tried, Wray v. 51. Mullen, in which tho plaintiff sought to recover a sum of £49, as damages sus tained by the loss of tlirco valuable retriever dogs. Tho defendant, who resides at St. Kilda, lias, of lato, it appears, been troubled with tho visitations of dogs and other animals, much to the damage of his property, and, in order to put a stop to these depre datory excursions, ho laid, a short timo ago, some meat in his garden, poisoned with strychnino. The bait was taken, and one of plaintiff's dogs, tho mother of two pups, died, apparently from the effects of poison, aud the two pups also died, as was believed from having eaten a portion of the same meat, which must havo been carried to tlieir kennel. His Honor said, as there was no evidence to connect the death of the animals with tho poisoned meat laid by defendant, the plaintiff must bo nonsuited. The costs amounted to £8 os Gd. Mr Aspinall and ' Mr Newton appeared for the plaintiff ; and Mr Biudon for tho defendant. The City Coroner held an inquest, yesterday, at Emerald Hill, on tho body of a girl named Eliza Farlan, nged ten years, who diod on the previous day from congestion of tho brain and its membranes. Tho father of tho deceased said that his daughter appeared to onjoy good health up to Tuesday last, on the evening of which day slio camo home crying, and complained of having been thrown down by an other child. She was sick and vomited. Tiie mother gave her some castor-oil, nnd put her to bed. The deceased got up next morning, but, appearing to get ill again, was put to bed about two o'clock in the afternoon. Between four aud five o'clock she was attacked with convulsions, which continued at intervals until her death. Dr Barrett was sont for about seven o'clock, but she died soon after he came and before mcdicino could be got for her. Dr Bar rett said ho was called to see tho deceased, and found her dying. She died beforo anything could ho dono for her. She had symptoms of disease of tho brain, r He had since made a post mortem examination of the body, and was of opinion that death was caused by disease of tho brain and its membranes. Tho jury found accordingly. The well-known and oft-criticised comedy of ' Tho Rivals,' was presented last ovening ou the boards of tho Royal. Thoro was n very fair house, and wo need hardly say that the leading characters by those whoso names aro usually associated with them nt tho Royal, were admirably sustained, and met with their wonted reception. Tho ' ghost effoct' followed, evidently bearing repetition as it never fails to elicit applause. The samo programme will bo repeated this evening ; and, on Saturday, Sheridan Knowlcs's play of ' Lovo' will bo produced in which Barry Sullivan makes his first appearance as Huon. There was a crowded liouso at tho Princess's Theatro, last evening, on tho occasion of the com plimentary farewell benefit to Miss Julia Mathews. Tho performance commenced with Boucicault's comedy of the ' Irish Heiress tlio principal character being sustained by Miss Mathews. With the exception of Miss Rose Edouin who appeared as Lady Davcntry and Mrs Gill as tho lion. Mrs Bolton Comfort, tho other performers wore amateurs. Tho piece on tho whole was well exe cuted, and, save a little delay at the commencement of each act, it ran almost as smoothly as though en tirely in the hands of professionals. Mr John Fin namoro sustained the part of Lord Davcntry Tory creditably, and in tho hands of Mr J. B. Pliilp Major Bellamy Fuss was characteristically represented. Mr Peter Mansergh was tho French valet Lenoir , nt all points ; nnd Mr W. H. Metcalfe, as Percy Ardent, the lover of the Irish heiress, did full justico to his part. Sir William Stanmore, and /supple, the attornoy-at- law, were well sustained by Mr J. M. Forde and Mr J. Hodson, respectively. Miss Mathews, as the heroine of tho play, displayed all the vivacity peculiar to those who hail from the sister isle, but slio did not succeed so well in tlio accent. At the conclusion of tho piece, Mr W. H. Metcalfe presented Miss Mathews with a compli mentary address, and also with a valuablo bracelet, on behalf of the members of the Melbourne Garrick and Orpheus Clubs. Miss Mathews then delivered nn nddress, written for the occasion by Mr Akhurst. The entertainment concluded with Byron's bur lesque of ' Fra Diavolo, or tho Beauty nnd the Brigands.' The programme of performances at tlio Hay market Theatro drew a fair andienco last night. The first piece, a drama called ' Tho Artist's Wife,' was very favorably received. Mr R. Stewart's im personation of Clermont, a blind French artist, is a finished piece of acting, nnd lie makes the most of tho opportunity afforded him for emotional display. Miss Annio Lockliart plays Lady Charlotte Cler mont with an efficicncy wlticli makes what might bo otherwise a small part, a prominent character. Tho action of tho play is simple, tho situations are marked and effective, and the several parts are equably sustained. In ' Tho Irish Emigrant,' and tlio ' White Horso of the Peppers,' Mr Stewart has full opportunity for the display of tho humor and broad Irish wit ho is capable of giving so much ex pression to. O'Brien and Gerald Pepper aro two of bis most felicitous attempts in this respect, and the audionco, last night, wero kept in a high state of mirth throughout the performance. 