LOCA I, Si G EXE UAL INT E L 1 1 G Ii N OE MARENGO. prom out -owx correspondent. .Iui.v 21, — yesterday our town was thrown into a state of extreme excitement by the report of Gilbert having attacked a store on the Ten Mile Rush, and of the subsequent death of that dosnerado. after shooting three diggers. Tho excitement was still further increased by the galloping off of a largo body of troopers towards the supposed scene of slaughter. Rut this morning it transpired that the whole affair was a comparative hoax, for only a baker had been stuck-up, while travelling from one gully to another in a spring-cart with broad. It is stated that the highwayman robbed him of 71. July 22. — The youth, Robert Williams, com monly called Bob Fowler, who was reported in your issue of the other day as being committed by tho Bench at Young for an attempt upon the person of a girl living in this town, has been admitted to bail, Messrs. Job and John Fowler being bonds men for his appearance at the ensuing Goulburn Assizes, in the sum of 10/. It is the fixed opinion of nearly all the Marengo inhabitants, that the youth will, or ought to be acquitted. I am quite convinced, if be were tried by a Marengo jury, that the verdict would immediately be not guilty. Scan ix Sin: i:p. — It is reported that scab lias broken out in the Lower Murray district. Mii.itauy. — Colonel Kempt will join his regi ment at Sydney by the next steamer from Hobart Town. Bail. i VP's Sai.n. — In the matter of Thomas Laid- law and Henry Godfrey v. George Ilillicr, the bailiff sold, on Wednesday last, five head of horses, namely: — black lnaro and foal, for 3/. lis., brown mare. 3/. 5s„ grey' marc, 21. 10s., black mare and foal, 1/. 15s., chesnut mare, 2/. 12s. ; also the fol lowing cattle : — Cow. 1/., heifer, Ms., bull stags, I/, os. and 1 2s.. steer, 15s., cow and calf, 1/. 15s., three pigs, 8s. On the following day tho landed pro perty was put up for sale at the" Fortune of War I lot el, but owing to the scant attendance of bidders, the sale was postponed till next Wednesday. Tun Weather. — During tho last few days the frost has given place to rain. Although we have had no copious fall, the little we have bad, con sidering the great mildness of the atmosphere, has been very generous to the fanner. Late sown wheat, aiid more especially barley that has been put in for green fodder, will greatly benefit by the rain and warmth of atmosphere. As the moon changed yesterday morning with dropping showers it may be expected that we shall have an early spring. It is, however, to bo hoped that no sub sequent frost will cut off the blossoms. Smai.i, Box. — The prevalence of small pox in England and tho probability of its being intro duced into this colony by means of immigration, has induced the Government to issue a precaution ary notice and amend the previous regulations with respect to vaccination. Tho disease is of such a frightful character that every means should be used to prevent its introduction amongst our community, and much more to prevent its spread throughout the colony. Those who have seen it only in its mildest form, where it has merely left traces of its visitation, can form no idea what liidcous conse quences have resulted to the victim. This scourge is no new one to tho colony. We can mark its ravages amongst the old aboriginals ; but it would be a difficult matter in these days to ascertain how many deaths it caused amongst tho various tribes. In tropical and semi -tropical climates the disease has taken a more direful form than has been known of in England or these colonies. For instance, in the West Indian Islands thousands have been carried off by it with us great a rapidity as by the yellow fever, and those who escaped death have been literally " mutilated " for life. Whether our colder climate favours the subjects of this disease or not is one of those questions that can only be determined by experience, but such would be pur chased at large cost when the preventive of the in jection is cheaply at our own doors. 'I'm: Bisnoi' on Sydney. — Letters by the late mail state that the Bishop of Sydney proposed to remain three or four months longer in England. It was thought likely that the efforts which lie anil others were 'making for the establishment of tho Bishopric of Grafton 'and Armidale would be suc- cessful. - — ,V. .1/. Herald. Tin: Bank-note Roiiukey. — Two men are in custody at Bathurst on suspicion of being engaged in the late robbery of tho Mudgco mail, and it is reported that two other men have been arrested at Hartley, o i a similar suspicion. Sticking-up at Yoijxo. — A telegram to the Ilcrahl states : — A case of sticking-up has been reported to the police. A man named -Dcinpscv stated he had been stuck-up and robbed of his watch, together with SI. belonging to his em ployers. Upon the case being investigated bv the police, the matter resulted in Dempsey being put in the lockup, and be was .subsequently brought before the. Police Court, charged with embezzle ment. Ho was remanded for further examination. Ronr.F.nv at Ai.mntY. — Dushvanging is still in the ascendant, and we rsgret to find the mania for sticking-up is spreading in the direction of the Murray. Information reached Albury last night that a horse bad been stolen that morning by force of arms from the stables of Wilberforce's Hotel, at Piuey Range. Sergeant Smith immediately started off with a couple of troopers, but the thieves have had rather too long a start to render their canture probable.— -Border Post. I in: Estimates. — The estimates of the probable expenditure of the Government of the colony for the year 1801 were laid on the (able of the Assemble on Friday evening. The total amount required for JSGt chargeable on revenue is 1 ,5(i3. !)!)()/., being an increase of 11 1,852/. upon the amount, appro priated for the present: year. The amount voted for 1803, to be provided for by loan, was 150,832/.; but for the coming year it is proposed to borrow to the extent of 1 ,0 I l,7!M/. This amount includes a sum of !)2S,00l)/. for railways, the principal items of which are as follows: — Towards the Extension of the, Great Northern Railway, 250,00!)/.; towards the construction of railway to Mudgco, 250,000/.; towards the extension of railway to Bathurst, 2511,000/.; extension of (treat Southern and Western Railways to Hyde Park, 00,000/.; completion of Morpeth line and erection of station buildings, 20,000/.; towards extension of Darling Harbour branch to deep water, 15,000/. The principal works to be provided for by loan under the Engineer for Harbours and River Navigation are: For the construction of a breakwater at Bellainhi, 20,000/.; and towards construction of wharfs and coal basin at Newcastle, 38,000/. Appropriations arc proposed for the construction of three tele graphic extensions, subject to the usual conditions of guarantee : from Mudgee to Murrurundi, from Braidwood to Arnlucn, and from Araluen to Cooma. Under the other departments, the proposed appro priations for- 180 1 show a slight increase on those for 18(53. Amongst the numerous items of which this increase consists wo may notice that it is pro posed to give each of the umler- secretaries 1000/. a year, instead of 800/. There is also a supple mentary estimate for the present year to the amount ot 3o3,8;j!7. Ss. -ld.- — <V. M. Hi raid. -mow /ji-:.\r,Axn. — hextkxen on jjiutii ox tor IIai.f-oaste Ho it i. — The only event of importance for tho past fortnight lias been the trial and con viction of tho half-caste Hori, who was captured at the ambush laid on the 20th May, at the two Honeysuckles, near the Potoko redoubt, and which fired on Lieutenant Waller, 07th Regiment, with intent to murder Iiim. His Honor Chief Justice Sir George A. Arncy, opened the criminal sessions on the 10th, and on Saturday Ilori was put on his trial for murdering Dr. Hope, of the 57th, at -the Wairau. Hori was found guilty. His Honor Chief Justice Sir George Arncy put on the black cap. and proceeded to pass sentence of dentil on Ilori, the lialf-caste, who was found guilty of the murder of Dr. William Astell Hope, at Wairau, on tho 'lth May last. He said: Ilori, after a calm and patient trial, tho jury have found you guilty of the murder of Dr. W. Astell Hope. By tlui law' of God and the law of man, the punishment decreed upon the murderer is death. If J. could now make my voice heard bv the Maori tribes, 1 would toll them tins — if a number of persons, lie they Maories or he they Europeans, assemble together armed in a warlike manner, unless by the authority of the law, the so assembling is a crime. 'Further, if a number of persons so armed combine together for a common purpose and in giving effect to that purpose one of them kills, not only lie whose band dealt the final blow is guilty, but all arc alike guilty of the mur der. Further, had Lieutenant Waller boon wound ed by tho ambush which lircil on him, even though lie bail not died, not only those who discharged their guns at him. but the man who ran down the bank to tomahawk him after lie was so wounded, (and it is believed you arc that man), would also have been guilty of murder — n crime punishable with death as ii' it were murder. The pretence for yourniurdcr was that tho Governor sent tho Queen's servants across the land of tho .Maori. 1 have thought anxiously upon your ease, but I can find no palliation for this crime. The Governor loves the Maori. I have heard Iiim plead for the Maori's faults. I have heard himsigh for tho Maori. Ho lie has promoted the Maori to honour. He lias given the Maories laws, and made them magis trates To enable tho Governor to do this the Europeans have given their money. Ilow do you rclvard the Governor ? By rebellion anil mur der. Remember, that when the Governor, upon whom you make war, and tho general whom the Queen lias sent to make the -Maori obedient to law — when these saw you pass by with your arm in a sling, tlioy led yon into tho redoubt, iind there Dr. Hope, whom the Maories have murdered, dressed your wound and relieved your pain. (Jan it bo that your hand tortured the body of Dr. Hope, as ho lay wounded, blooding, dying — when, as you told Mr 1'iirris, no one could recognise him covered with sand ? That, is known to yourself and to your God — and to t lint God you must look for mercy and forgiveness. God's minister will attend you. Listen to his word, for lie will speak to you of your Lord anil Saviour. You will not be punished in haste. Time will bo allowed yon to repent. I shall cause all proper inquiries to be made ; and the Governor will consider tbojiidginent of the law ; but 1 can only pass upon you that sen tence which the law decrees upon the murderer. It is that you be taken to the place from whence you came, and thence to the place of execution, and there to be hanged by the neck until you arc dead. And may the Lord have mercy on your soul !" The sentence was interpreted, concurrent- with its delivery to the prisoner, who appeared unmoved. His features were a little flushed throughout. Tho dictum of the Chief Justice on these trials is ini- . portant. The natives are to be regarded as British subjects, tho political question being altogether withdrawn from the jury ; and lives taken by the eye Maories in arms arc to lie esteemed murders in the of the law. If this principle bo pushed to its natu ral issue tho colony will bo pacified ; if not more harm than good will conic of it. Ix 'run Supreme Ooi.'itt on Tuesday last, in the cause Kelly and another v. Bnsson, Mr. Darley appeared in support of the demurrer, and Mr. Powell in support of tho declaration. The action was brought by tho executor and executrix of Thomas Lindley, deceased, against Alfred Busson, to recover 00/. being one quarter's rent of u store, dwelling- house, and premises at Gundagai, let by Lindley (luring bis lifetime to the defendant. The ground of declaration was that it did not show the title of the plan tills to recover, inasmuch as there was no distinct allegation as to what was the interest of Lindley, and when the debt accrued which was now sued for. It was contended, in support of the declaration, that it was at most an, objection which, before the passing of the Common Law Procedure Act, would have been raised by special demurrer, and since the passing of that Act by an application to a Judge in Chambers. Their honors held that the objection — the non-statement of a good cause of action — was a substantial one. The demurrer was therefore allowed with costs, but with leave to amend. — S'. 31. Herald. E.uu/v Spring. — There is every indication of an early spring. The wattles at Albury arc already in bloom, and the almond trees arc blossoming earlier than has been the case for many years past. — Harder Post. The almond trees in Mr. Burgess' garden on the Yass River are at- the present time in full blossom. The curliest re corded blossoming of these trees in the Goulburn district is on the tltli July last. Decision ix a Sporting Affair. — At the District Court, Albury, on .the 21st instant, the followm case was heard :— James Mitchell u. Ilentv, North Lay ton. and Day, stewards of the Albu'rv raeos. Forbes and Miller for plaintiff. Parry and Black- mqrc for defendant. This was a claim for the prize, of the Siipling Stakes. Bowler's Princess bad been first to puss the judge's "'chair, and Mitchell's Astronomer was second. Mr. Mitchell lodged a protest with the stewards, on tho ground that Princess was over two years old, but after looking at that maro's mouth tlicy decided against Mr. Mitchell. It was urged that the protest hail been lodged before the start, and that tho .stewards, if they objected to the age of Princess, should have prevented her running. For the defence it was alleged that- the decision of tho stewards was final. But to this Mr. Forbes. replied that no public body could frame rules which might debar parties from having a proper remedy in a court of law. ' Ho also quoted various precedents wherein similar actions had been entertained. His honor decided tu go on. .rallies Mitchell, Basil Grav. and James Nairne (Y.S.) swore that to the best of their belief Princess had a three-year old mouth when she rail. G. Hay sworo that lie was one of tho stewards, but bad disagreed with the resolution giving the prize to Princess; James Layton also had tho same view. A certificate was produced before the stewards, signed by Mr. Fimllay, the breeder. To the best ot deponent's recollection, the certificate slated December to bo the mouth Princess was loalcd ii>. Paid Mr. Mitchell the money for tho second prize. Reginald Hare, police inspector, who said he was accustomed to racing (after Gar diner, we presume), deposed that a party protesting against tho decision of stewards should not have accepted the second money when lie claimed the first prize. Mr. Parry raised several nonsuit points : — that tho decision of tho stewards was final ; that Mitchell, by taking the second prize, had acquiesced in tho decision j that if Bowler had been guilty of any fraud in misrepresenting the ago of his horse, lie was the proper party to sue, &e.; These lie afterwards waived to shorten the case, and called 3. Bowler, who swore that lie knew tho marc Princess from the time she was two months old. She was only two years and five months old when she ran, having 'been foaled on the 1st August, Ironi winch date the age of horses was always reckoned. She was entitled to run as a two-year old until the 1st August came round twice. Several works on farriery were hero put in, stating that tho "two permanent nippers " in a horse's mouth appeared at the age of three years, and several months previously. (Plaintiffs witnesses had sworn that these teeth were only visible at three years old.) IV. Stuckoy proved that the stewards held a regular inquiry into the protest, heard witnesses, and received a written certificate from the breeder to tho effect that Princess was foaled in October, 1800. A decision was arrived at by tho stewards that tho mare was entitled to run as a two-year old. J. Fimllay swore that he broil Princess. She was lbalod in Ootober, 1802. Re membered the date, because lie had paid 25/. to the Sires' Produce Stakes. His honor gave a verdict for defendants, upon tho evidence of Mr Fimllay. — Ilordcr Post. Tt:i,i:i; iiai-it Statistics.— The statistics of the Telegraph Department show that after deducting all tlto expenses of management and the interest oil the cost of constructing the lines, the receipts bring to the Government- a nott return of eight per cent. This must be considered a very satisfactory result, particularly as contrasted witl'i the other colonies, where telegraphic communication is curried on at a considerable loss. We have now in New South Wales 2500 miles of telegraphic wire and forty- four stations. — A. 31. Herald. Novel Ciiase ami Capture. — On Saturday last there was rather a novel chase through tho sylvan solitudes between Colac and Linton. A servant girl belonging to a station in the former locality hud absconded, carrying away with her a quantity of the wearing apparel of her "mistress Some time after the exit of tho girl, the lady of tho house missed the articles, when she liasVily mounted a lloot steed, wliip in hand, and waiving tho adorn ment of her riding habit in tho exigency of the case, started off at full flight after Polly, overtaking the truant domestic as she was paddling along hot-foot in the bush near Linton, On being charged with the offence, the girl llutly denied the accusation ; but the fair huntress dismounted from her punting courser, and turning up the skirt of Polly's gown, which certainly was not " Hunting wild us moun tain breezes," revealed the veritable capacious cri noline sought- after, with several articles of toilet sewn on it to facilitate their transit. The affright ed girl hastily dropped everything she was carry - ingeniitrabaud of the decalogue, and the lady having strapped them firmly on tho saddle before her, exereisetl her riding whip a little on the shoulders of the culprit, and tlion t urning her charger in tho direction of the manorial seat, soon vanished from sight in the intervening forest. — Grcvillc Advocate. Escape op Pitiso.xrus — (Ye have received tho information that on Tuesday morning last two prisoners, committed to take their trial at Bathurst for horse-stealing, left Oarcour by tho coach, in custody of soiiiur-eonstable Henry," en route to the gaol hero. On arriving at King's Plain -, wo are informed that tho couch broke down, and that the constable conveyed his prisoners to a room in Maenumara's public-house, keeping guard over them at the door. Suddenly, it is said, both tho prisoners rushed upon the constable, and knocked iiim down, his bead coming violently into contact with a table in the room, rendering him for somo seconds perfectly insensible. On coming round, however, the constable discovered the men bad boiled, and be immediately gave chase to them, ac companied by some of the passengers, one of whom, it is said, tired a shot alter the prisoners, who woro making their way as fast as they possibly could into the bush ; hut whether the shot took any effect or not cannot at present lie ascertained. The con stable remained in the bush all night, endeavouring to recapture his prisoners, but without success ; lie therefore returned in the morning to Gurcoar. and gave information to the police there, who imme diately started in pursuit. It is to be feared, how ever, that the men liavi: got clear off. — Free Press. Cautioning Prisoners. — During the trial of Rigby on Tuesday last, bis honor took occasion to remark upon the practice of constables cautioning prisoners when apprehending them. His honor said it was no part of the police duties to do so, un less they were aware that threats had been held out. All that constables had to do was to keep their eyes and ears open and recollect all they saw and heard. — lh-aidwood Kerns. J'rxcii.' Pixr. — A correspondent at tho Forth writes, on 7th instant : — " I don't know whether Mr. Smilh will tell you about bis pine logs. Several came down in the flood. One 1 saw myself mea sured twenty-throe feet in length, and four in diameter at one cud, and throe foot at tho other, perfectly sound. It is a beautiful pink colour, with a very strong perfume like the pencil cedar ; in fact, that is what it is. The log I saw came down from the Dove River, a tributary of thu Forth, and three miles from tho Cradle Mountain. Will not this some day prove a valuable article of commerce P" — Launceston Examiner. Sciti'i! Turkeys. — The Queensland Daily Guar dian of Saturday, the 18th, says : — It will be, per haps, remembered by some of our readers that the ship Montmorency laid on board, when sailing from this port for Loudon, several contributions from the Queensland Acclimatisation Society, to the society in the mother country. The Montmorency experi enced a passage of unprecedented turbulence, and after narrowly escaping being wrecked, succeeded with difficulty in putting in to tho Falkland Islands to refit. It was presumed that most of the animals sent home by our local Acclimatisation Society perished. Amongst the contributions, were two scrub turkeys, a cock and lien, presented by his Ex cellency the Governor. It appears, however, from an interesting correspondence which appears in the Field, that considerable doubt existed whether those birds laid nut reached the Docks in safety,' and were there, to use a mild term, " misappropriated." The secretaries of the Home Society appear to lay great stress upon the loss of these birds native to the Queensland scrub, ostimatingtheir value at between seventy and eighty guineas. Go it. it ax v. Joxks. — On Tuesday- last, in the Supreme Court, Equity Jurisdiction, before the Primary Judge, the cause of Gorman v. Jones, a suit for a dissolution of partnership and for nn account stated, was heard. Mr. Martin, Q.C., and Mr. Owen appeared for the plaintiff, and Sir William Manning, Q.O., and Mr. Gordon for the defendant. Judgment was reserved. — >S'. JR. Herald. Roiiiiruv ux ii i:n Arms. — A robbery under arms has taken place near Kangaroo Crook, at the junctou of Malmbury and Tylden roads, about fifteen miles from Kyncton. Tliero is a small store or shanty there, kept by a Gorman named Frede rick William Gurnsdoff. Am.ni entered this store about half-past six in the evening, and asked torn drink, which lie did not partake of, but went almost immediately outside, when two other men came in, wearing masks, who presented pis tols at the inmates, anil proceeded to search the house For money and valuables. They obtained about 30/., three watches, a pair of earrings, a gold ring with stone, two Chinese packets often, and » revolver. Whilst one of tho men was searching the place, a stout young man, named Armstrong, son-in-law of Gurnsdoff, seized the man who was keeping guard inside tho house, with the intention of ejecting him, but the man who had originally come in being on guard at the door, struck him several blows with a stick, cutting him in two or three places, though not seriously. When the ruffians wore ready to depart, the one who had searched tho place fired off both pistols at old Gurnsdoff, he only escaped the shots by judiciously dipping his head and letting them go over him. Tho pistols seemed to be heavily loaded with coarse slugs or shot, us tho walls of the hut, worn plenti fully peppered where they took effect. They. then took leave of their affrighted victims. It, was not till eleven o'clock on Monday that tho police here became acquainted with the above facts, so that the villains bail a long start, especially as the police bad first to ride out to the scene of the robbery to learn the direction tho thrives had taken. The man who entered first appeared to be about thirty years of age, six feet liigh, of dark complexion, with dark hair and whiskers, the latter bushy. Ho laid no moustache, but had blue rings under his eyes, as if lie had been suffering from the effects of dissipation. IIo was dressod in a drab or grey tweed suit, with deerstalker hat of the same colour. The man who liroil the pistol ap peared to he about twenty years of age, live feet six inches high, and dressed in a monkey jacket, with a black cloth cap with peak on his' head. Tho third man appeared to be about thirty years of age, and to be about six feet high, lie hail fair hair and whiskers, his eyes were dark, and lie had a blauk murk under one eye a: if from a blow. He was dressed in a drab wide-awake hat and monkey jacket. They carried among them two single-barrel pistols and a revolver. — Kynelon Guardian. Tun Gash op Maiiomrt Cas.si.m. — The Colonial Secretary onTuorday night laid upon thu tabic of the Assembly the papers moved for in the case of Mahomet Gassim, lately executed under a convic tion for murder. Tho documents are somewhat voluminous, and there are two reports from Mr. Justice Wise, who presided at tho trial. The final conclusion arrived at by his lienor appears to have been that there was no room for reasonable doubt of the guilt of Gassin and Abdullah, and that the evidence was not consistent with any other belief. J Lis honor, however, says that possiiily it might ho sufficient to suffer the extreme penalty of the law to take effect upon Gassim only, who, in his opinion, perpetrated lite murder with his own hands ; anil that, from all that had appeared, Abdalla seemed to have been a slave to the will of Gassim. \Ye arc unabo to say how his honor arrived at these con clusions ; but it is to bo presumed that the pupors will be printed. — Empire. Capture op ax Escai'rr. — On Friday evening last, an individual named Michael Soery, alias Daniel Clarke, was captured between Five-Mile Creek and Ooolao by tho Biirrangong police, on suspicion of being one of the prisoners who escaped from the Mudgee gaol, lie was brought up for examination at Gundagai, before A. G. S. Rose, .Esq., the Police Magistrate, and remanded to Hur- rangong in charge of his captors. — iYynyard Times. Cotton Culture — Tho mode of preparing tho land for tho cotton crop is as follows : — Supposing, to start with, that the land has been cleared and is properly drained. First, the- land is ploughed deep with bullocks, and after it lias lain long enough for the sods to be crumbled by the action of the atmosphere, it must bo cross-ploughed with ho ses. In cross-ploughing, two furrows are backed up against one another, so as to form ridges eight feet apart, and on these ridges the cotton seed is planted. Tho furrows must be equally bucked up against the ridges, so that a single drain will be formed by the plough equidistant between the linos of ridges. Cotton is not a plant that will llourish in a cold or wet soil. In ordi nary seasons thu planting ought to ho finished in the month of' September, and unless where tho ground is liable tn bo wot by tho rain water re maining on tho surface about tho time of planting, the seed may bo soaked in water some days pre vious to planting. Tho planter deposits tho seed in the ground much after the fashion of sowing maize ; lie goes along tho ridges with' a hoe, and in distances three feet apart lie drops live or six seeds in holes which lie covers over with earth by a tap with tho baric of the hoe. Planting is an expedi tious operation, and a dexterous hand can get over a largo surface of ground in a day. In about a week tho plants shew well above the ground, and then require considerable attention. Weeds and native grasses propagate and grow faster than the cotton plants, and if not attended to, would com pletely choke them. It is therefore necessary to send the horsc-hoo into the field, driven between tho ridges, which cuts down the grass and woods. Men with hand hoes follow and clear tho spaces bctwoen the plants, and as long ns the horse-hoe can pass between the ridges without injuring the plants, these hoeing operations are continued. It is worthy of note that tho most troublesome grass is the five-finger summer grass. The plants grow to a height varying from two and a half to three and a half feet, and begin to blossom about the second week in January. The flowers arc beauti ful primrose, the bottoms of the petals and the pistil bring of a delicate pink. When the blos soms die off, the bolls develop themselves, and early in May they begin to burst, and the white cotton flakes are exposed to the light of tho sun. — Border Post. Srrvich rou the Dead. — During the voyage of tho French war schooner Gazelle, from Now Cale- donia to Sydney, which vessel arrived in our port on tho 13th, one of the crew was accidentally washed overboard anil drowned. On tho arrival here of the Gazelle, Captain Ilardy having ex pressed a desire that mass should be said at one of tho chapels for the reposo of tho soul of the de ceased, in accordance with tho rites of the Roman Catholic Church, his Grace tho Archbishop at onuc complied with his request, and Monday morning last was fixed for the imposing ceremony. At nine o'clock accordingly, Captain Hardy, his officers and crew, assembled at St. Mary's Cathedral, when Father John Dwyor officiated at the altar. A very considerable number of other persons were assem bled on the occasion. Tho solemn service was most impressively gone through by Father Dwyer. — Empire. I'm-: Orange Copper Mixes. — At Cadiangul- long, which some timo ago looked very discourag ing, mining matters have of late shown a steady anil encouraging improvement. There aro now about 1 10 persons employed either at the mines or in connection with them. Tho old workings liavo been abandoned, if we except the open cutting where some very good ore is being had. On the other side of tho creek eight now shafts aro being put down, and in three of them lodes have been struck. In one, on Wednesday last, a lode of black ore was struck at twelve fathoms; and some malle able copper obtained. In the other two shafts in which lodes have been struck the prospects are good, and the lodes well defined. The persons em ployed on the works speak favourably of the future of the mines, and the news is bailed with satisfac tion iu Orange. The company are carrying on,thc works at the Canoldns mino with vigotir, but of late the ores obtained have been of low per cent- age. Expectation is entirely directed to the new working on the opposite side of the creek, and there is reason to belivo it is well founded. The recent discovery of black ore is viewed by the miners with much satisfaction, coiisidering'it, as they do ,an earnest of good results. 'J'lio store which was formerly carried oil by Mr. S. A. Clarke is about to be reopened as a branch of Dalton Bros, firm, under Mr. Gierke's management, (Ye regret to learn that Dr. Blood is about to leave Cadinngitllong and return to Adelaide. The want of postal communication with tho mines is nineli felt. There is some talk of reopening the Ophir Copper Mines, which, in consequence of the high . price of labour shortly after tho grid discovery, wore abandoned. This, together with Mr. Lane's mine nt Cornish Settlement, if opened, would prove of groat service in developing tho mineral sources of the district. They would form nn outlet for surplus digging 'labour which now might be had at, a moderate rate. A constant stream of the ri'dit kind of labour might also bo relied upon. Our Wealth in copper, as in gold, yet remains to be proved. Some intelligent lnirters'from the Laclilnn consider that Orango is tho centre of one of the richest gold region's in Australia ; our wealth in minerals is known by old residents to bo great, but the district lacks capital to devolope its mi neral resources. About eighty-right tons of copper have been smelted at Gadiitugirllong ; mid there is now ore enough raised to turn in twenty tons more. — 1! ' astern Exam incr. Shooting with Intent at Yirwcj. — 'The Star of tho 18th inst. reports that George Towson, on bail, appeared before the bench on tho above riianre. This case was remanded from last Tuesday for t?io wounded man — Sordo Frederick — to appear to-day and give cridoncc. He was called in the usual manner, hut did not answer, whereupon Air. Mnnby, solicitor for Towson, applied for his discharge! This the bench refused, and ordered a warrant "to be issued for tho npprehension of Frederick, and Towson to be held in same bail to appear when called upon to answer tho charge. The necessary recognizances having boon entered into, he was al lowed to leave the court. Previous to his client's doing so, Mr. Manby made an application fur tho revolver to bo returned to 'him. Tho bonoh de clined to interfere, but referred tho learned gentle man to the police authorities. Fatai, Accident ix King-street.— A fatal acci dent occurred at the corner of King and Goor"o streets, shortly after nine o'clock on Tuesday morn ing. A labourer named George Thomson, residing in a lane to tho rear of Mr. Shadlcr's baking establishment in Hunter-street, was engaged in removing a portion of tho old wall on thu promises of Messrs. Aslulown and Co., when lie fell from a height of about twelve feet on to his head. He was immediately taken up and conveyed to the In firmary, where it was ascertained by Dr. Nathan that his skull was fractured. Tho unfortunate man continued insensible until lie died, about half- past six o'clock in the afternoon, lie leaves a wife and two children. — Empire. A Chinese Opinion op Ghosts ix Gexeiia r,. — During the trial of Posing Jem nnd Liim Ycc, for robbing Ark Sing, another "Chinaman, on Tuesday 'last, a Chinese witness named Ah Poon, upon bring interrogated by His Honor Judge Callaglian, as to what would become of him after death if lie was to lead a bad and wicked life, said that if ho was a good man while alive when dead lie would be a ghost. If a very bad man, lie might boa dog or a horse. In the same trial, another Chinaman witness, the prosecutor, stated in reply to his honor, that ho prayed to a wooden god he had in a joss house, in China, and if he told a lie his god would cause him to be struck by lightning, or cnusu liiin to fall from his horse, or somo other sueli calamity might befall him. Notwithstanding the belief of these gentlemen of the probable results of their conduct in this world, the ease then being tried, was stayed by bis lienor, in consequence of tho apparent gross perjury committed by these same men. So much for Chinese oaths. — Braidwood Kews. Ifoi.i.owAv's Ointment and Pii.i.s. — Do ready. — Now many are suffering from throat and chest affections, which rapidly run oil to danger when maltreated or neglected. On the first appearance of irritation in either part, Ilolloway's Ointment should be pcrscveringly rubbed twice a day upon the external skin, whence it will pass to the glands, and through them its beneficial influence will bo distributed to every neighbouring organ. By this means all inllamati'on of tho lining membrane will be subdued, and the air passages relaxed, both of momentous importance for the patient's safety./ It is not too much to stato that this treatment, aided by Ilolloway's Pills, a mild diet, and regulated temperature, has restored many to health when death seemed inevitable. 