SYDNEY. THE Empire says some very serious errors milst exist in the Custom-house returns on wliich the Treasurer founded his proposed new duties. For instance, he has estimated that £35,000 will lie raised from a duty of 10s. pur cwt. on dried fruits Now, to produce this revenue, the colonists must consume ,840,0001bs. of dried fruits annually—an absurd amount for a population of about 350,000 persons. The amount of dried fruits imported iu I860, accoiding to the statistical returns of the Registrargeneral, was 21,510 cwt. This would give a duty of £10,759. In 1861, the amount imported was 13,779 cwt.—the duty on which was £(>,889. The amount returned by the customs for last year, viz., 71,000, on which the Treasurer appears to have based his calculations, is evidently a gross blunder ; and when the matter comes to be investigated, it will probably turn out that about £30,000 will have to be deducted from this single item. In the matter of the registration of shipping, a similar error appears to have crept in. The sum estimated by the Treasurer is £3,000. At the proposed rate of Is. per ton, this would require 60,000 tons of shipping to be registered annually. Last year 13,000 tons were registered, which would give but £056 ; in 1861, only 6,487 tons, and in 1860, the amount was 7,212 tons. The utmost that could be calculated from this source would, therefore, if we take the average of the last three years, be about £440. With such calculations, are deficits surprising ? On Mr. Smart's new tariff the Herald observes: —If we were disposed to look capriciously at the items which he has proposed we could meet them with many objections. His duty on plate cannot be collected. His duty on musical instruments and playing cards is hardly worth collecting. His duty on shoes falls with unequal pressure, exacting the same for the shoes of a child as the dress boots of a squire. His tax ujion rice imposes a charge out of all proportion to the value of the article. His duty on stamps will require all the daily transactions of life to be watched with a new care to secure thein from the accident of neglecting these indispensable appendages. All kinds of objections may be brought to bear upon this scheme of taxation—some of which can only be answeivd in one way, and others we fear cannot be answered at all. Mr. Eagar in addressing the House upon tl:a financial policy of tbe Government, stated his intention to bring forward the motion of want (f confidence of which he had given notice contingently upon bringing up the report of the committee of ways and means. He contrasted the state of the finances with their state in the time of Sir S. Donaldson, to show that he was not open to censure as now alleged, in that he only took over a deficit of £120,000, which was left to him as a legacy from the old irresponsible Government, whereas the present Government after three years and a half of administration, with a standing majority in Parliament, had managed to land the country in a deficit af £439,000 at the end of the present year, and of £653,811 14s 9d, according to their own figures, -at the end of 1864. k He declined to discuss the proposed tariff, because the usual mode of proceeding by resolution had not been adopted, and therefore the subject was not constitutionally before the House, and his belief was that the tarilf was never meant to be submitted, and that the ouly intention in bringing it forward was to tide over the present difficulty by means of a loan. The honorable gentleman then entered into an examination of the probable financial condition of the country at the time when the short-dated debentures fjr which the Treasurer applied woidd fall due, and he showed that accordiug to the present financial course, there would be a largely augmented deficiency and a large addition to the permanent debt. He charged the Govemmout with a systematic concealment and misrepresentation of the state of the finances, and that iu spite of repeated warnings ; and he charged them, also, with a culpable want of skill in their financial administration, of which he quoted, as an instance, their negotiations with the colonial banks in 1856 as to the Government debentures. The terms of the amendment were justified by the failure of the Government to keep the expenditure of the country within its income, and in their deception of the Parliament and the country who depended upon them to lay before them a correct statement of their financial position. The Government were censurable, moreover, for their mode of contracting public loans without making due provision for their redemption, an-1 lie contrasted our public works with those of Victoria, to show the greater judiciousness of the expenditure of that colony. His amendment would involve, if carried, a change of ministry, unless an appeal were made to the country, though he was at a l.jss to see up m what ground such ail appeal could be made. The stage "ghost" has reached the metropolis, being produced at the Victoria Theatre iu " The Castle Spectre," in which at the close of every act, the startling effects recently discovered in England by Messrs. Dirckes aud Pepper, and now generally known under the designation of "The Ghost" are exliibited. This singular optical illusion was presented by Mr. William Pitt with unqualified success, and was received with enthusiastic marks of approbation. The distinctness with which the ghastly figure is rendered visible its truly extraordinary. That the apparition is nothing more than a shadow is, nevertheless, incontestably provod by the fact that the lamp placed on a table behind it shines through the figure. It moves and ]>crfoniis its appropriate part, with an appalling precision and clearness that cannot be viewed without unmitigated astonishment. To those who arc- in the secret tho matter is, of course, easy enough to understand, lwit even to them the wonderful manner in which tho actor can go up, as it wore, to the spectre and be mixed up with its figure has a very weird and unearthly aspect. An Auckland letter states that General Cameron will not move until he receives sufficient reinforcements to leave Auckland in a safe condition,, and that he will then crash through the Waikato, country. Cuminiiigs,. the bushranger, has been committed for trial. It is reported that the police have recovered an additional portion of the plunder of the Mudgee mail; further robberies have been committed. One hundred soldiers were to sail for Auckland yesterday* A further detachment of volunteers has left. The Argus telegram states that the Confederate cruiser Alabama " is in the vicinity of the Cape-, awaiting the capture of homeward- bound Indiameiu Sir Henry Barkly is staying at Government House, having reached Sydney in the Mail steamer "Bombay" from Melbourne. 