The Advertiser ADELAIDE : THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1863. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. WEDNESDAY, JULY 22. In the Legislative Council — Leave was granted to the Hon. the CHIEF SECRE- <*> TARY (Mr. Ayers) to attend and give evidence before a Select Committee of the House of Assembly on the Deeds Registration BilL The order of the day referring to the Commissioner of Roads Bill was read and discharged. The Municipal Corporations Act Amendment BQI was considered in Committee. 3lie clause moved by the Hon. Mr. Barrow with reference to leasing a portion of the East Park Lands for the purposes of I a race-course was lost. The third reading of the BOi was fixed for the following day. j The Waterworks Bill was read a third time and j passed. The Customs Bill was further considered in Com mittee, and adjourned until Tuesday next. The Masters and Servants Bill was adjourned for consideration until the following day. The Council adjourned until 2 o'clock the following day. In the House of Assembly— The main business was a privilege debate. Mr. Straxgways asked the Treasurer a question as to the action which the Chief Secketabf intended to take respecting the Tariff BilL The Treasures read a reply of the Chut Secretabi:, <*?Wi"i"g on Con stitutional grounds to answer the question; where upon a violent debate arose, which eventuated in the motion being carried that (lie answer given should be expunged from the records of the House, and that it should be returned to the Chief Secretary. The House rose at 20 ininnt/?a to 6 o'clock, and adjourned to the next day. On Wednesday last a debate took place in. the Souse of Assembly of a nature not less painful than unexpected. The day previously the hon. member for West Torrens (Mr. Strangways) tabled the following notice:— "That lie will ask the Hon. the Treasurer (Mr. Hart) whether the Hon. the Chief Secre tary (Mr. Ayers) has yet made up his mind as to the course he will pursue with regard to the Tariff Bill; and if so, whether it is the intention of the Chief Secretary to vote for or against or I to abstain from voting on the second reading of that BUI; and also whether it is the intention of the Chief Secretary to support or oppose or to abstain, from supporting or opposing that measure in all its details during ite various stages through, the Legislature ?" On Wednesday he asked file question, con neciing with it rather more " remarks" than are usually indulged in on similar occasions, tbe said remarks bearing somewhat hard upon the Ministry in general, and upon the Hon. the Chief Secretary in particular. The Treasurer (Mr. Hart) replied that he had obtained &' written answer from the Chief Secretary, which he would read. It was as follows:— " The Hon. the Chief Secretary declines to answer the question put by Mr. Strangways, No. 3, on this day's notice paper, on the ground that, while he acknowledges the right of an hon. member to ascertain the general policy of the Government, he denies the right of an hon. member to question him as to how he proposes to vote on any question under consideration in another branch of the Legislature." On this being read, Mr. Strangways rose again and moved a formal motion—" That the House at its rising do adjourn," &c.; and in so doing denounced in strong language what he interpreted as the insult offered to the House by the Hon. the Chief Secretary.' The Treasurer defended the Chief Secretary, and then diverged into a defence of the general policy of the Ministry. The House, however, would not be decoyed from the scent. Tine ex-Treasurer (Mr. A. Blyth) charged the Treasurer with throwing dust into the eyes of hon. members, and brought back the question to its starting point. There upon the discussion became general; general in a double sense; for not only did nearly every member speak, but they spoke on nearly every imaginable subject. But amidst tiiemetee th e main point was not lost sight of, and eventually Mr. Kingston moved that the reply of Mr. Ayere (which the Clerk bad copied into the book) be expunged from the records; to which Mr. Strangways added—and that the paper handed in by die Treasurer be returned to that hon. gentleman. The debate was at times very bitter and personal, and after a long discus sion die motion of Mr. Kingston as supple mented by Mr. Strangways was carried, and the Clerk forthwith handed back to the Treasurer the Chief Secretary's reply. Meanwhile the Hon. die Chief Secretary himself was calmly and quietly sitting in the Legislative Council Chamber conducting business in Committee; never once troubling the gallery of the Assembly, nor suffering his attention to be diverted from what he was engaged with. As regards Mr. Ayers we are sure that it was not his intention to offer any insult to the Souse of Assembly. The Attorney-General said that if tlis reply was offensive to the House, it was unwittingly so, and this we believe. Mr. Ayers would not so far forget himself as to manufac ture insults for the House of Assembly, even if his disposition were inclined that way. But it is: not inclined tiiat way. That the reply proved to be offensive cannot be denied; it did give offeDce, and the House resented severely what tiiey deemed to be an affront. But again we say—no insult to the House was contem plated by Mr. Ayers. The fact is he regarded the question as not emanating from the House, but emanating from an individual member; and in declining to answer the question which an in dividual member had put, he did not mean to say that he would not hare answered the same question if it had been put in compliance with the vote of the House. He denied thai, he, as Chief Secretary, was accountable to an indi vidual member; but he did not "deny his ac countability to the House as a body. Had Mr. Strangways' question been embodied in a mo tion, so that it could have been stamped with the sanction of the House of Assembly, Mr. Aycrs would have answered differently. We believe the foregoing is Mr. Aycrs's view, and we are satisfied that no one who voted against him on Wednesday will begrudge him the benefit of the explanation. And, we most further say, there is force in the distinction thus drawn. Let as suppose, for example, that instead of giving notice that he would " ask a question" Mr. Strangways had given notice that he wonld " move that in the opinion of this House the Chief Secretary is bound to say which way he will vote on the Tariff BilL" If instead of asking a question—which does not go to a vote —he had tabled a motion which would go to the vote, it is possible that the motion would have been negatived, and if negatived the enquiry could not have been made. Now we will suppose that 10 members had voted in faror of such a motion and 12 against it—the enquiry could not then be made, and Mr. Ayers would have been justified in refusing to. satisfy the cariosity of 10 gentlemen, inasmuch as 12 gentlemen said " nay." But as it did not take the form of a motion, but the form of a question, Mr. Ayers is held to be under an obligation to reply, though in so doing' lie is not obeying any vote or order of the House, but the wish of one solitary member only. This is the view Mr. Ayers took of the matter; he did not under stand that the House of Assembly asked him any question ; he only knew that an individual member asked it; and he had no means of ascertaining whether the House approved or disapproved of the enquiry, or of the form in which it was made. But as to the enquiry itself, we think it was a perfectly proper one. Whatever Mr. Ayere's reasons for not answering it, the enquiry was natural tUlfi projMW. Xt mi^Ut Utura boon l&o;££or embodied in a motion, so that it could have gone forth stamped with the sanction of the House, but looking at it in its essence and substance, and apart from conditions and circumstances, it was a very natural and proper question. It was mhetlier the Mead of the CrovernmejU would support or oppose the financial policy of ihe Ministry. Such a question cannot be regarded as trivial, secondary, or indifferent. It is of vital importance. Open questions in Cabinets there have been, and will be again, bat no one ever heard of the! Budget being an open question; no one ever heard of a Minister being allowed to remain neutral or to refuse to support bis colleagues in their financial policy. We consider, therefore, that the House of Assembly, were and are quite justified in demanding to know, without any reservation or equivocation, 'whether the Government will, one and all, support, vote for, and carry out the Tariff BilL With regard to the answer given by the Hon. Mr. Ayers, we have already said that it was an answer to Mr. Strangways, and not an answer to the House. But it was an error of judgment, even considered as an answer to an individual. The Hon. the Chief Secretary certainly did not know that a majority of the Assembly would support Mr. Strangways in pushing the question to such a speedy issue, but he could not tell that tiicy would not ,-. and it was unwise to take the course that was taken. But Mr. Ayers is new to the formalities of official life, and has not (like Mr. Strangways) had bitter experience to guide him. It will not be forgotten that on a former occasion a reply of Mr. Strangways, then Commissioner of Crown Lands, was resented by the House as an affront, and was handed back to that hon. gentleman. He resigned his office, and his colleagues resigned with him; although when the Ministry was reconstructed, Mr. Strangwavs, the offending individual, was restored, and Mr. Bagot, who had been all along as mild as milk and as sweet as eugar> was cast out. Whether former analogies will, either wholly or in part, be again repeated, we cannot at present state. It is, however, a singular coincidence that Mr. Ayers's paper should be handed back to him on the motion of Mr. Strangways, who was himself the subject of a similar visitation not so very long ago. During the course of the discussion some ex ceedingly foolish tilings were said by gentlemen who ought to know better, Forgetting how the business of the country has been obstructed by faction-fighting and place- hunting; forgetting how much valuable time has been lost by persons eager for office vainly trying to form Ministries, without the ghost of a chance of being successful; forgetting how seriously die public business has been retarded through the complications caused by men per sisting in holding office to carry out measures to which they are conscientiously opposed and which tliey have vehemently denounced; —for- getting all this—the real obstruction—the real stumbling-block—the only real dead-lock —there were hon. members who affected to regard the Legislative Council as the impediment to public business; and the hon. the Treasurer (the first time we ever had a revolutionary Treasurer) went so far as to threaten that if the Council persisted in the course which they deem consti tutional and proper, the Assembly would raise revenue -by resolution of the Assembly alone! Let him try it on. The public know that they cannot be legally taxed except by Act of Parliament, and that there can be no Act of Parliament (bat has not passed both Houses and been assented to by the Governor. Of course the Treasurer's threat is a brwtum fidmen, and very harmless thunder too. He does not mean what he says —but we do mean what we say when we assure him that the people of this colony will not pay taxes unless they are legally levied, and the Government that attempt to levy, taxes not authorized by Act of Parliament will do it at their own personal risk and periL Of course we eliall be told that nothing of the kind was ever intended. We do not suppose anything of the kind ever was intended; but it is worse than childishness to talk revolutionary non-1 sense without having any revolutionary ideas, or any revolutionary intentions, or any revolutionary plnck. Even the hypothetical threat of such a course comes with bad grace from legislators who are bound to obey the Constitution Act; but coming from the Treasury benches it would be treason u it were not folly. The Legislative Council have ever proved themselves anxious to carry on the busi ness of tbe country, but they demand to have a member of the (government there to conduct the business of the country, and they demand to have a Minister there who believes in and is friendly to the policy he is officially responsible for. There is nothing obstructive in this; nothing unreasonable; nothing that Bhould lead to idle threats of legislating by resolution. The Tariff Bill is already again on the notice paper of the Council, and will come on for discussion to-day, unless, indeed, another crisis be precipi tated by the action of the House of Assembly yesterday. 