A SANG WI' A SOUND ADVICE. FOR NEW YEAR'S DAY, 1863. Tune—"Bonny Bessie Lee." A guid New Year! a blythe New Year! To Eighteen Sixty-three! A guid New Year! a blythe New Year! An' mony may ye see! But when ye meet wi' cronies dear, Your social joys to seal; Tak' my advice and dinna let The maut aboon the meal. Chorus—The maut aboon the meal, my freens! The maut aboon the meal; Tak' my advice, and dinna let The maut aboon the meal. When friendship fills her witching cup, Let reason read the law; The worshippers o' golden calves Are no the first to fa'. The warmest heart—the wisest head. On straughtest road will reel; The firmest foot is feckless, when The maut's aboon the meal. Chorus—The maut aboon the meal, my freens! When pleasure spreads her silken nets Amang her gowden locks; An' hings on high her pirate lichts, Aboon her wrecking rocks— Sail ye upon the sober tack, Wi' sure and steady keel; The strongest ship will founder, when The maut's aboon the meal. Chorus—The maut aboon the meal, my freens! It mak's the strongest bite the dust; Brings thoughtless wealth to want; It mak's a tiger o' a lamb— A deevil o' a saunt! It aften lays a noble soul Beneath a tyrant's heel; The strongest arm is nerveless, when The maut's aboon the meal. Chorus—The maut aboon the meal, my freens! Let love licht up her purer fires, To gladden hut an' ha'; Let merry hearts fling carking cares To a' the winds that blaw; Tak' tent if ye wad try to win, A heart baith pure and leal Love laughs at bletberiu' wooers, when The maut's aboon the meal. Chorus—The maut aboon the meal, my freens! A guid New Year! a blythe New Year! To this fair world o' ours! If ye would taste her sweetest fruits, And pluck her fairest flowers; If to the tap o' honest fame. Wi' honour, ye would spiel, Tak' my advice, and never let The maut aboon the meal. Chorus—The maut aboon the meal, my freens! The maut aboon the meal; Tak' my advice, and never let The maut aboon the meal! ALEXANDER MACLAGAN. January 1, 1863. MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. The Ladies and the Garottebs.—The ladies of London are providing themselves with whistles to call the police, in case of danger. The "Ladies' Anti- garotter Whistle" is the latest fancy article in the shops.—Court Journal. A Coffin-Load of Percussion- Caps. —A Norfolk lady of fashion. Miss Susan Archer Tully, has been arrested in consequence of a disco very made that a coffin, - which she endea voured to get passed through the Federal lines to Biclimond, alleging it to contain the corpse of her brother, was in Teality full of percussion-caps. The fair smuggler was forthwith put under lock and key, and was rigorously confined to her cell, but has since been discharged.—English Paper. Showers of Butterflies Fall on the Sea.—I have often heard sailors and fishermen belonging to tile soutb coast of England describe the apparition of those curious clouds of butter flies, miles out at sea, after very changeable winds have for several days been blowing hard offtheland. Butterflies, during the love season, fly high. They take wedding trips up into the blue. When there, they are not seldom caught by the circling winds, swept together from the skies above the forests aud flowers, and driven out to the sea, where they fall in butterfly slioivers.—Pickens's All the Year Round. Poor Richard and Lord Dundreary. " A b-bird in the hand is worth two in the bush." Tli-the man who invented that pwoverb must have been a b-born idiot. How the dooth can he t-tell the welative v-value of poultry in that p-pwomiih cuous manner? Suppothe I've got a wobbin wed bweast in my hand—I nearly had the other morning, lmt he flew away—confound him! WeU, suppothe the two birds in the bush are a b-bwace of partwidges—you—you don't mean to t-tell me that that wobbin wedbweast would fetch as in-much as a bwace of partwidges! Abthurd! P-poor Wiehard can't gammon me in that sort of way. Then there's another—"The pitcher goes oli' to the well, but the pitcher at last may be bwoken." Now thi3 I take to be a sort of alle— what is that word, now, which m-means something diffewent to what it veally means?—an alle— alligator?—no—allicompane—alkali?—alle—no— allcgouiy—that's it. Tbe pitcher is a sort of alle gowy, and means, of courth, a perthon. Well, if —if a perthon goes t-to the well it stands to weatlion th- tliat he can't go to tli-the had- and if lie dothn't go to tbe b-bad be can't be bwoken—so Poor Wichard's out again there. But if he weally means a pitcher—a thing for holding water, you know—why suppothing it is bwoken, as any weal pitcher may be. any day of the week, the only thing a fellah can do is to b-buy another Theyr e not so vewy expensive, after all. I d-dare say you could buy a stunner for half-a-cwown—so what's the utile of making such a jolly wow about it? Anglo-Saxon Weddings.—Not till the ninth or tenth century did women obtain the privi lege of choosing or of refusing their husbands. Often they were betrothed as children, the bride groom's pledge of marriage b'-ing accompanied by a "security," or "wed," whence comes the word "wedding." Part of the wed always con sisted of a ring, placed upon the maiden's right hand, and there religiously kept until transferred to the other hand at the later nuptials. Then, also, were repeated the marriage vows and other cere monies, out of which those prevailing hare grown The bride was taken "for fairer for fouler, for better for worse, for richer for poorer," and pro mised to be "buxom and bonny" to lier future husband. At the final ceremony the bridegroom put the ring upon each of the bride's left-hand fingers in turn, saying, at the first, "In the name of the Father," at the second. "In the name of the Son," at the third. "In the name of the Holy Ghost." and at the fourth, " Amen." Then, also, the father gave to his new son one of his daughter's shoes, in token of the transfer of authority which he effected, and the bride was at once made to feel the change bv a tap or blow on her head given with the shoe. The husband, on his park took an oath to use his wife well. If he failed to uo so, she might leave him, but by law be was allowed considerable licence. He was bound in honour "to bestow on his wife and apprentices moderate castigation." We have nothing to show the exact amount of castigation held moderate by the Anglo-Saxons, but one old Welsh law decides i that three blows with a broomstick oa "any part 1 of the person except the head" is a fair allowance; I and another provides that the t-tick be not longer than the husband's arm, nor thicker than his middle finger. Prior to tlie seventh century, a I wife might at any time he repudiated on proof of I her beingeitlierbarren, deformed, silly, passionate, ' luxurious, rude, habitually drunk, gluttonous, very eamilous, quarrelsome, or abusive.—Thrupp's I Angio'-Saxon House. Improvements in Gas Lighting.—A | short tune since we gave a description of some j improvements made in the treatment of gas for i illuminating purposes, and which appear to us of considerable value. On Saturday the process was more completely illustrated at the offices of a com pany, 05 Bisliopsgate- street, formed with the title of the Photogenic Gas Company, for the purpose I of carrying out the invention. By the use of a liquid oil—the product of coal distillation—and called p'aotogen, the illuminating power of tbe i ordinary gas is increased three and even fourfold, while the consumption of the gas itself is dimi nished hy one-third. These very extraordinary results wore satisfactorily proved by tbe use of the photometer and the ordinary gas meter. The result of the experiments exhibited the : fact that a light equal to that of ) ordinary gas may he produced with a diminished consumption of 60 per cent, of the ordinary gas. It has long been known that by dissolving car- I huretted hydrogen vapours in hydrogen gas addi- ■ tional illuminating power could be obtained, but < the difficulty of obtaining a constant supply, uniformly rich in carbon, prevented such an I arrangement from being carried out upon an 1 extensive scale. This difficulty is now, however, obviated by a generator, the invention of Mr. Monsrrnel, m which the liquid is enclosed herme tically in an upper chamber, whence it descends through a small tube drop by drop, and forms a ! thin sheet on tbe bottom of the vessel, where it is j cvaporized equally, so long as the supply is con- . tinued. The oil employed is not the subject of any patent, but the mode of distributing it forms part of the invention now sought to be introduced into this country. If ordinary atmospheric air is passed over this thin surface of oil, it possesses an illu minating power superior even to that of gas When gas and air are used in combination, the result is still more remarkable, and greatly in creased intensity of liglit is obtained with a diminished consumption of tbe gas. Add to these j advantages that tlie light produced is pure, con- j stant, and Soft to tlie sight; the gas is deprived of its sulphurous and other noxious properties: ! in burning it is free from smell and smoke; and as it gives off none of the ordinary products of I combustion, it will have no injurious effect upon 1 paintings, varnish, gliding, or upon those delicate colours of which the ordinary gas is so destructive. There is no difficulty and no danger in using the apparatus, and it lias been already very exten- I sive'.y adopted at several of the theatres and cafes of Paris.— London Observer. The Horse and "Betting.—Nobody is j ever made more immoral by a taste for cows and : cat*. Tbe donkey lias flourished in civilized ; surety for centuries without ever inflictinji the slightest moral injury in>on those who take an interest in his welfare. But the horse, the noblest of animals, seems to cxlialc an aroma of vice that I el in as to all around him. A racecourse is a centre of demoralization to a neighbourhood for miles i round. The betting-houses are averred, on good authority, to he the main source of the enormous dishonesty which characterizes the race of the domestic servants in London. To be a horse i dealer is, in vulgar repute, almost synonymous with being a rogue. The taint of the trade is apt to catch even those who only engage ' it for the occasion. Just as the test of clergyman's morality is said to he his power of keeping Iiis hands off" a stray umbrella— j just as you never know a woman's true character | tan her daughters come out—so tbe touchstone of a layman's honour is his behaviour in selling a horse to a dear friend. If lie can resist tlie temp tation of playing his friend a dirty trick, he may | he trusted with untold gold. Yet there seems no particular reason in the nature of tilings why the traffickers in horses should not be just as respect able as land agents or jewellers. In the same way there is no obvious reason why a strong taste for horseflesh should be looked upon as an outward sign of dissipated lialiits. But yet, if a young | gentleman of large expectations betravs a velie- i meut inclination for the turf, the world concludes that he will certainly injure his fortune, probably his prospects of usefulness and distinction, and possibly even liis good name.. And the world is generally right. • Going to the horses is too apt to be a preliminary to going to the dogs. —Saturday 