ANNiVEUSAUY OP TBE PUIMIT1VB METHODIST CHUUCH, NEWCASTLE. The anniversary of tbe Primitivo Methodist Church, ia this city, was commemorated on Sunday and Monday last. Oa the sabbath three sermons were preached in the morning and evening by the Rev. R. Hartley, of Sydney, and in tbe afternoon by the Rov. Mr. Scott, Congregational minister,, of Wellington, New Zealand. The known abilities of Mr. Hartley, and the high esteem iu which he is held by all denominations in this oity, drew large congre gations to both services in the morning and evening, the church being filled on each occa sion. On Monday about 200 persons assem bled at a tea buirec, which was gratuitously provided by the ladies of the congregation in the Temperance Hall, Blane-street, ? After the tables had been cleared, and tbe seats pro perly arranged, a public meeting was held', at which J. Corletto, Esq., J.P., presided as chairman. Tbe Rev. Robert Hartley having opened the meeting with prayer, The Chairman said, it gave him much plea sure to preside at the present meeting. It had almost become a custom with the Rev. Mr. Dean to call an. anniversary meeting of his friends and explain to them the state of the church during the past year. This was not the first meeting of the kind he (the chair man) had assisted in, and it gave him great satisfaction to Bud other Christian ministers corao forward to assist Mr. Dean. He bad glanced at the report, and was sorry to find there was some debt upon the oh u rob, which he wished was wiped off, as he thought Mr. Dean would soon require a larger plaoe. Tbe chairman concluded by reading from the report an account of the number of preachers and school tcaohers connected with the body, show ing lhe increase made in the Primitive Metho dist Church, and* said all would rejoice in its advancement. He' called upon the Rev. Mr. Dean to read the report. The Rev. Mr. Deafr proceeded to read the report, as follows : — Report of the Primitive Methodist Church, New ^cattle, for the Year ending Octobei, 19, 1863. ' In presenting the'r annual report to the Chris tian public, the pastor and oflice-bearera of the Primitive Methodist Church, in this city, dest e to record their gratitude to Almighty God for thaT Measure of both temporal and spiritual pros peaty with which he has blessed them, and that part of his heritage committed to their care. Dur ing the year now ended, the operations of this branch of the church of the Lord Jesus Christ (in ciimmon with others) has been affected by tue un settled and constant fluctuation* in the trade and commerce of the district, a state of things which has caused frequent migrations of large numbers of the population, and in some instances the removal of some of the inhabitants entirely from the colony. These changes have been felt in the congregations, societies, and Sabbath scho Is connected with this station, but still they believe in some instances that these things have been over-ruled by the wisdom and love of our Heavenly Matter for the spread of his Gospel, and the salvation of the souls of men ; their prayer is that it may be so in every case. But, although suffering from these causes, they have rea son to rejoice that God has given them so many tokens of His favour, so that our congregates, societies. Sabbath schools, and funds, continue in u prosperous state. During the year there 1ms been removed the names of forty persona from the roll bcioic, and fifty- five have been added, so that the vacancies (bus occasioned have been filled up, and an inert as« of thirteen is reported. One member, ^^«HSS^oHhtAch't;ii,nVhantVin1iis death he experienced all the consolations of tho Gospel of C rial, and left a testimony behind that he is ' gone to be, for ever, with the Lord, which is far better.' ? *' During the year, we have re- established services at Wai Rend, at which place a neat and commodi ous chapel lias juat been 'pened, which is rilled with an Httentive congegution. A Sabbath School con taining 98 s«holars and 10 teachers, has been estab lished, and a church of 10 members formjd. Our prospects here are promising. ' During the year, there has been contributed for the support of the institutions of the church, the sum of £281 9s. Old., viz, : — For church expenses, £113 19s. 5d.; the support of the pastor, £110 16s. 'id.; and the operations of the Sabbath Schoola, £56 13s. 6d., an account of which will be found iu tlia treasurer's report. 'In conclusion, they may . state, that they 'are anxious to pay off the mortgage upon the ciurch at Newcastle, viz., £330, and respectfully ask for the continued assistance of their friends nnd sup porters to enable them speedily to accomplish this desirable object. Above all, they are denirous of receiving a larger outpouring of the li'ily Ghost, sn that themselves may be fully qualified for the dis charge of thfiir important 'utiea ; that the members of the church may be quickened to greater activity and diligence of theirs; that the thousands living in a state of indifference and cnrelcssness may ue awakened ; the penitent pardoned and saved ; the believer amictifi .d j the bonds of union binding the church may be stronger, so that ' All may be one, even as God the Father an I Christ the Son are one;' thnt the errors which have darkened, the vioes which have weakened, and the dissensions which havfl torn the church universal may be re moved ; ' That God's way m -y be known in the earth, and his saving health among all nilions.' ' 