VERY HARD CASH. ' BY THE ATJXHOB OF ' IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO MEND.' '?' ' A good deal of this was unintelligible to Alfred ; but the advice seemed good ; advice generally does when it squares with our own wishes : he thanked Maxley left him, and made a hasty toilet, and ran to Albion Villa. Sarah opened the door to him; in tears. The news of the wreck had come' to Albion Villa just half an hour ago ; and in that half hour they had tasted more misery than hitherto their peaceful lot had ' brought them in years. Mrs Dodd was praying and crying in her room ; Julia had put on ber bonnet, and was descending in deep distress and agitation, to go down to the quay and learn more, if possible. Alfred saw her on the stairs, and at sight of hor pale, agitated iace, new to ner. She held, out both hands piteously to him : ' Oh, Alfred 1' ' Good news!' he panted. ' He is alive ; Maxley has seen him — I have seen him — He will be here directly — my own love — dry your eyes — calm your fears— He is safe ; he is well : hurrah ! hurrah 1' . The gh-l's pale face flushed with red hope, then pale again with emotion, then rosy red with transcendani joy: ' Oh, bless you ! bless you !' she murmured, in ' her sweet gurgle so full of heart : then, took his head passionately with both hands, as if she was going to Idss him : uttered a little inarticulate cry of love and gratitude over him, then turned and flew up, the stairs, crying 'Mammal mamma!' and burst into her mother's room. When two such Impetuosities meet, as Alfred and Julia, expect quick work. What, happened in Mrs Dodd's room may be imagined : and soon both ladies came hastily out to Alfred, and he found himself in the drawing-room seated between them, and holding a hand of each, and playing the mans delightfully, soothing and assuring them ; Julia believed him at a word, and beamed with unmixed delight and anticipation of the joyful meeting ; Mrs Dodd cost him more trouble : her soft hand trembled still in his ; and sho put questiou upon question. But, when he. told her he with his own' eyes had soen Captain Dodd talking to Maxley, and gathered from Mnxley he had been shipwrecked, on tho coast of France, and lost his chronometer and sextant, these details commanded credit: bells were rung; the captain's dressing-room i ordered to be got ready ; the cook put on her mettle, and Alfred invited to stay and dine with the long expected one : and the house of mourning became the house of joy. ' ' ' And then it was he who brought the good news,' whispered Julia to her mother ; ' and that is so sweet.' , ' Yes, dear,' said Mrs Dodd, ' lie will make even - me love him. The £14,000 ! I hopo that was not lost .'. in the wreck,' . ? ' Oh, mamma ! who cares? when his own dear, sweet, precious life has been in danger, and is so mercifully preserved. Why does ho not come? I. shall scold him for keeping us waiting : you ' know I am not a bit afraid of him, though ho is papa: indeed, - I am ashamed to say, I govern him with a rod of, no ; matter what. Do, do, let us all three put on our bonnets, and rnn and meot him. I want him so to love somebody the very first day.' Mra Dodd said, 'Well: wait a few minutes, and then, if ho is not here, you two shall go. I dare hardly trust myself to meot my darling husband in the open street.' Julia ran to Alfred : 'If he does not come in ten minutes, you and I may go and meot him.' ' You are an angel,' murmured Alfred. 'You nro another,' said Julia. 'Oh doar, I cani't sit down : and I do not want ilattory, I do not want ilattery, I want papa. A waits 1 a waltz I then one can go mad with joy without startling propriety ; I oan't answer for the consoqueiicos if I don't lot off a a littlo, little, happiness.' ' That I will,' ssiid Mrs Dodd ; 'for I am as happy as you, and happier.' Sho played a waltz. Julia's oyes were a challenge : Alfred started up and took her ready hand, and soon tho guy young things were whirling round, tho happiest pair 'in Kngland. But in the middle of tho joyous whirl, Julia's quick : ear, on tho watch all tho time, hoard tho gato swing she glided like an eel from Alfred's arm, and ran to the window. Arrived there, aho mado three swift vortical hounds lilw a, girl witili » skipping ropo, only her bands were -clapping in the air at the same time ; then down the stairs, screaming : ' His chest ! his chest t he is coming, coming, come.' Alfred ran after her. Mrs ? D'odd, tumble to race with such antelopes, slipped quietly into the little balcony. Julia' had seen two men carrying a trestle with a tarpaulin over t, and ia ?third walking beside. Dodd's heavy sea chest had been more than once carried home this way. She met the men at the door, and overpowered them with ques tions : ' Is it his clothes ? then he wasn't so much wrecked after all. Is he with you ? is he coming . directly? Why don't you tell me?' The porters at first wore the stolid impassive faces of their tribe ; but, when, this bright young creature questioned them, brimming over with ardor and joy, their countenances fell, and they hung their heads. The little sharp- faced man, who was walldng beside the other, stepped for ward to reply to Julia. He was interrupted by a ter rible scream from the balcony. Mrs Dodd was leaning wildly over it, with dilating eyes and quivering hand that pointed down to the other side of the trestle : Julia ! I Julia ! I ! Julia ran round, add stood petrified, her pale lips apart, and all her innocent joy frozen in a moment. The tarpaulin was scanty, and a man's hand ttliu ^J It 10 ux Ilia U-LX11 Uttugicu 111/J.^can wjj.. jkaav* uuiaai* was blanched : and bore a well known ring. In. the terror and confusion no questions were then asked : Alfred got to David's head and told Skinner -to take his feet ; Mrs Dodd helped, and they carried him up and laid him on her bed. The servant girls cried, and wailed, and were of little use; Mrs Dodd hurried them off for medical aid, and she and Julia, though pale as ghosts, and trembling in every limb, were tearless and almost silent, and did all for the best : they undid a shirt button, that confined his throat : they set his , head high, and tried their poor little eau-de-Cologne and feminine remedies : and each of them held an insensi . We hand in both hers, clasping it piteously, and trying to hold him tight, so that death should not take him away from them. 'My son, where is my son?' sighed Mrs Dodd. Alfred threw his arm round her neck : ' lou have one son here : what shall I do ?' The next minute he was running to the telegraph office for her. At the gate he found Skinner hanging about, and asked him hurriedly how the calamity had happened. Skinner said Cap tain Dodd had fallen down senseless in the street, and he had passed soon after, recognised him, and brought : '? him home ; ' I have paid the men, sir ; I wouldn't let them ask the ladies at such a time.' ' Oh, thank you ! thank you, Skinner ! I will repay you : it ' is' me you have obliged.' And Alfred ran off with the words in his mouth. Skinner looked after him, and muttered : ' I forgot him. It is a nice mess. Wish I was out of it.' And he went back, hanging his head, to Alfred's father. Mr Osmond met him; Skinner turned, and saw him _enter the villa. .Mr Osmond came softly into the room, examined Dodd's eye, felt his pulse, and said he must be bled at 1 once. Mrs Dodd was averse to this: 'Oh, let as try everything else first,' said she; but Osmond told her there was no other remedy: 'All the functions we rely on in the exhibition of medicines are suspended. Dr. Short now drove up, and was ushered in. . Mrs Dodd asked him imploringly whether it was necessary to bleed. But Dr. Short knew his business too well to be entrapped into an independent opinion where a surgeon had been before him ; he drew Mr Osmond apart and inquired what he had recom mended ; this ascertained, he returned to Mrs Dodd, and said, ' I advise venesection or cupping.' 'Oh, Dr. Short, pray have pity and order some thing, less terrible. Dr. 'Sampson is so averse to bleeding.' ' 'Sampson? Sampson?, never heard of him.' 'It is the chronothermal man,' said Osmond. : : 'Oh, ha 1 But this is too serious a case to be packed. Coma, with stertor, and a full bound ing pulse, indicates liberal blood letting. I. would try venesection; then cup, if necessary, or leech the temporal artery : I need not say, sir, calomel must complete the cure. The case is simple ; and, at present, surgical ; I leave it in com petent hands.' And he retired, leaving the inferior practitioner well pleased with him and with himself ; no insignificient part of a physician's art. When he was gone, Mr Osmond told Mrs Dodd that however crotchety Dr Sampson might be, he was an able man, and had very properly resisted the indis criminate use of the lancet : the profession owed him much. ' But in apoplexy the leech and the lancet are still our sheet anchors.' Mrs Dodd uttered, a faint . shriek; 'Apoplexy! Oh, David! Oh, my darling; have you come home for this ?'! Osmond assured her apoplexy was not necessarily fatal ; provided the' cere- bral bloo'd vessels were relieved in time by depletion. ^ The fixed eye, and terrible stertorous breathing on 1 tne one nana, ana tne promise oi renei on xne ocner, - overpowered Mrs Dodd's reluctance, She sent Julia out of the room on a pretext ; and then consented with ' tears to David's being blecl. But she would not yield [ to leave the room ; no ; this tender woman nerved her self to see her husband's blood flow, sooner than risk his being bled too much by the hard hand of ; custom- Let the peevish fools, who make their own troubles in love, compare their slight and merited pangs with this : she was his true lover and his wife : yet there she stood with eye horror-stricken yet unflinching, and saw the stab o£ the little lancet, and: felt it deeper than she would a javelin through her own body ; and watched the blood run than was dearer to her far than her own. At the first prick of the lancet, David shivered, and as the blood escaped, his eye unfixed, and the pupils 'contracted and dilated and once he sighed. 'Good sign that 1' said Os-, mond. ? The patient was cupped by the nape of the neck by Mr Osmond, and, on the glasses drawing, showed signs of consciousness, and the breathing was relieved ; these favorable symptoms were neither diminished nor increased by the subsequent application of the cupping needles. ' Wo have turned the corner,' said Mr Osmond, cheerfully. Rap ! rap ! rap ! came a tele grapic message from Dr. Sampson, and was brought up to the sick room. ' ' Out visiting patients when yours came. In apoplexy with a red face and stertorous broathing put the feet in mustard bath and dash much cold water on the head from above. On revival give emetic : cure with sul phate of quinine. In apoplexy with a white face treat as for a simple faint: here emetic dangerous. In neither apoplexy bleed. Coming down by train.' This message added to Mrs Dodd's alarm ; the whole treatment varied so from what had been done. She faltered her misgivings ; Osmond reassured her. ' Not bleed in apoplexy!' said he superciliously, 'why, it is tho universal practice. Judge for yourself ! You soe the improvement.' Mrs Dodd admitted it. ' Then as to tho cold water,' said Osmond, ' I would hardly advise so rough a' remedy. And he is going on so woll. But you can send for ice', and, meantime, givo me a good sized stocking.' He cut and fitted it adroitly to tho patient's head : then drenched it with eau-de-Cologno, and soon the head began to steam. By- and-by David muttered a few incoherent words : mid the anxious watchers thanked God aloud for them. At length Mr Osmond took leave with a cheerful countenanco, and left them all grateful to him, and with n high opinion of his judgment and skill ; especially Julia. She said Dr. Sampson was very amusing to talk to ; but she should be sorry to trust to that rash, reckless, boisterous man, in time of danger. Mr Osmond, returning home, passod Munday and Co., tho undertakers. The shop was shut long ago ; but Munday junior wtis standing at thfl private floor, and. \ pvitod luw in,, ' '; 'Well, sir; buried- old Mrs Jephson to-day-: and went off capital. Your little commission, sir, for recommending . them our firm.' With this he slipped four soverigns into Mr Osmond's hand, Osmond smiled benignly at their contact with his palm, and said in a grateful spirit : ' There is an apoplexy at Albion Villa,' ' Oh indeed, sir !' and Munday junior's eyo sparkled. . ' But I have bled and cupped him.' ' All right, sir : I'll' be on the look-out ; and thank you.' . . . About two in the morning a fly drove rapidly up to the villa, and' Sampson got out. He found David pale and muttering, and his wife and children hanging over him in deep distress. He shook hands with them in silence and eyed the patient keenly. He took the nightcap off, removed the pillows, lowered his head, and said quietly : ' This is the cold fit come on ; we must not shut our eyes on the pashint. Why, what is this ? he has been cupped !' And Sampson changed color, and his countenance fell: Mrs Dodd saw, and began to tremble : ' I could not hear from vou ; and Dr Short and Mr Osmond felt quite sure ; and he seems better. Oh, Doctor Sampson, why were you not here ? We have bled him as well. Oh, don't, don't, don't say it was wrong 1 He would have died ; they said so. Oh, David ! David ! your wife haskilled you !' And she knelt and ldssedhishand andimplored his pardon, insensible. Julia clung sobbing to her mother, in a vain attempt to comfort her. Samp son groaned.- 'No', no,' said he, ' don't go on so, my poor soul; you did all for the best ; and now we must make the best of what is done. Hartshorn ! brandy ! and caution ! For those two assassins have tied my hands.' While applying those timid remedies, he in* quired if the cause was known. They told him they knew nothing ; but that David had been wrecked on the coast of France, and had fallen down senseless in the street; a clerk of Mr Hardie's had recognised him, and brought him home : so Alfred said. . . . . 'Then the cause is mental,' said Sampson; 'unless he got a blow on the hid in bein' wrecked.' : ?-..'? .':.?? He then examined David's head carefully, and found along scar: . ; ' But this is not it,' said he ; 'ithis is old. ' ,- Mrs Dodd clasped her hands, and assured him it was new to her ; her David had no scar there when he left her last. ? Pursuing his examination, Sampson found an open wound in his left shoulder. He showed it them,and they were all as pale as the patient in a moment. .'He then asked to see his coat, and soon discovered a cor responding puncture in it, which he examined long and narrowly: ' It is a stab — with a one-edged Joule; There was a simultaneous cry of horror: 'Don't alarm yourselves for that,' said Sampson: ' it is nothing ? a mere flesh-wound. It is the vein wound that alarms me. This school knows nothing about the paroxysms and remissions of disease. They have bled and cupped him for ' a passing fit.' It has passed into a cold stage, but no quicker than it would : have done without stealing a crop of blood. To-morrow, by Disease's nature, he will have another hot fit in' spite of their bleeding. Then those ijjits would leech his temples ; and on that . paroxysm remitting by the nature of disease, would fancy their leeches had ciired it.' The words were the old words, but the tone and manner' were so different : no shouting, no anger : all was spoken low and gently, and with a sort of sad and weary and worn-out air. Ho ordered a kettle of hot water and a quantity of mustard, and make his preparations for the hot fit as he, called it, maintaining the intermittent and febrile character of all disease. . . The patient rambled a good deal, but quite in coherently, and knew nobody. But about eight o'clock in the morning he was quite quiet, and apparently sleeping: so Mrs Dodd stole out of the room to order some coffee for Sampson and Edward, They were nodding, worn out with watching. Julia, whose high strung nature could dispense with sleep on such an Occasion, was on her knees praying for her father. Suddenly there came from the bed, like a thunder-clap, two words uttered loud and furiously : ' Habdie ! Villain !' TJp started the drowsy watchers, and rubbed their eyes. They had heard the sound but not the sense. Julia rose from her knees bewildered and aghast : she had caught the strange words distinctly; words that were to haunt her night and day. They were followed immediately by a loud groan ; and the stertorous breathing recommenced, and the face was no longer pale, but flushed and turgid. On this Sampson hurried Julia from the room, and, with Jiidwards help, placed .David on a stool in tne bath, and getting on a chair discharged half a bucket of cold water on his head ; the patient gasped : another ; and David shuddered, stared wildly, and put his hand to his head; a third, and he staggered to his feet. At this moment Mrs Dodd coming hastily into the roo m, he looked steadily at her, and said, ' Lucy I' She ran to throw her arms round him, but Sampson interfered : ' Gently ! gently !' said he, 'we must have no violent emotions. ' Oh no, I will be prudent.' And she stood quiet with her arms still extended, and cried for joy. They got David to bed again, and Sampson told Mrs Dodd there was no longer danger now from the malady, but only from the remedies. And, in fact, David fell into a state of weakness and exhaustion, and kept muttering unintelligibly. Dr Short called in the morning, and was invited to consult with Dr Sampson. Ho declined. ' Dr Sampson is a notorious quack ; no physician of any eminence will meet him in consulta tion.' 'I regret that resolution,' said Mrs Dodd, quietly, ' as it will deprive me of the advantage of your skill,' Dr. Short bowed stiffly : 'I shall be at your service, madam, when that empiric lias given the patient up.' And he drove away. Osmond, finding Sampson installed, took tho politic lino ; he contrived to glide by fine gradations into the empiric's opinions, without recanting his own, which were diametrically op posed. Sampson, before he shot back to town, asked him to provide a good reliable nurse. He sent a young woman of iron ; she received Sampson's instructions, and assumed the command of the sick room ; and was jealous of Mrs Dodd and Julia ; looked on them as mere rival nurses, amateurs, who, if not snubbed, might ruin the professionals ; she seemed to have forgotten in the hospitals all about the family affections, and The second night she got the patient all to herself for four hours, from eleven till two. Tho ladies having consented to this arrangement in order to recruit themselves for tho work they were not so mad as to entrust wholly to a hireling, nurse's feathers smoothed themselves perceptibly. At twelve tho patient was muttering and muttering incessantly about wrecks, and money, and things ; of which vain babble nurse showed her professional contempt by nodding. At 12.30 she slept. At 1.20 slio snored very loud, and woko in stantly at tho sound. She took tho thief out of tho candle, and went like a good sentinel to look at her charge. He was not there. She rubbod her eyes and held tho candle ovor tho pli'ce whore he ought to be, where, in fact, ho must be, for he was far too weak to move. She tore tho bedclothes down ; sho beat and patted the clothes with her left hand, and tho candle began to shake violently in her right. The bed wns ompty. (To he continued.) The New Yoiuc Feiuues havo already carried this year (Oune, 1803) fifty million passeugera witli QVitj th? \Qf-a of, a. single life, 