METBOPOLITAN DISTBIOT COURT.-TUESDAV., BEFORE J. S. Dowling, Esq., Judge. JOBL v, EiLEMAN.-This WOB an action orongnt oy a female, wbo oalled herself a monthly nurse, to reeover from defendant, rent for an apartment, engaged by a Mrs. Joieph for defendant's- wife te stop in until an approaobiog confinement Tbe casa bad been oalled on on Monday, but. In oonsequeuoe of Mrs. Joseph having refused to alt nd aa a wi' neaa in it, bad been postponed nntil Mrs. Joseph's attondanee oonld be enfotoed. Mta, Joseph (alster of Mrs. Silkmane) bad, she «aid, been authorised by her slater toengago apaitmentB suit, able for aoeommodating the latter from the time of the authority being given, until and during her then ap< proaohing confinement, and nntil ehe should have re oovered from ita effeots, but without authority to engage snob apartment for any speolflo period of time. Io con sequenae of the authority received by ber, she engaged from Mrs. Jjel (an intim \ o'.friend of het'a) apartmrnts which she considered suitable; but did not engage tbem for any speolflo time. The apartments rented by Mrs. Joseph, for the accommodation of her siller, were ooou pled by Mrs, Silkman two weeks. Vordiot for plaint ff, £0 without professional costs, but with tbe costs of four witnoBses. For plaintiff, Mr. Cory; for defendant, Mf. Doak. CONTRAN V. HOUBIOAN.- Plaintiff, in thia oaae, claimed £110s. for hire of a van and horse engaged, ha said, by bim, in taking voters up to plump for plaintiff, oa the' oaoasion of the lattet's standing tor Cook Ward, in Moron, 1803, Plaintiff said that himself and horse, and a neigh- bour of their's, bad got defendant all the voters thor oonld. He admitted having 'old defendant that bo would do all in his (our«) power to Beoure his olootion, but denied having ever offered the nee of blB horse for the purpose without payment, and his proposition to do " all ia his own power" to Beoure his favouriU'.i return waB"on too night before the morning'of the election» taking plaoe. For the defenoe, a countryman of tha plaintiff's and defendant's was called OB a wilnes-, and on the [liinliffa seeing bim approach the nit oBS-box, he said there would bj " no use in swearing him." To this remark the other responded-" Arrab, how do you know that ?" This witneos |(not withstanding the plain tiffs expressed opinion as to the uselosaness of tbo osremony) waa s worn, and then depoaed that be wOnld like to soe détendant an aldermtn ; bat whenaahod whether he had himself voted for him at the eloolion, soratohed hia head and demurred to the pro- priety of the quostlop, notwithstanding tbat it had been put by bia Honor Iho Judge. Ho had hoard dafondant ask plaintiff to osBist him at the eleolion. Defendant, in giving evidenee, Btatcd that ho bad never employed ,Iair liff to do anything for him, and waa surprised maro than ho had '»ever in his life" before buen, wbon he was or plled to for poymont of that for wbish ha was now aUed. He admitted that hh oommittoa had paid somo p'l ona for their aervioea on the ooooelon oi his oonleating the ronreaeototion of Cook W<rJ, but oonaiderod that plain t>ff bad rendered Ai« as an admiring friend. Veidioi for défendant. Moimn v. THOMAS AND ANOTHER. -In this oase plaint ff claimed «60 4a. Oi., for refreshments supplied to a number of poisons who had boon employed Upon the railway llnoin Aprl', 1801, and this inoluded a*' grog soore." From the establishment'k-pt by plaintiff lots ol ale, whisky, bread, cbceae, add meat bad boen got, by order of Mr. Thorns'. Mr. Cory, for the defence, oontonded that the drinks, baring been got in quantities whieh could not legally be reoovered for, could no1 be oonaideied as having been legally charged to tba defen- dant ; but, aa it appeared that BO muoh as nine gallons of ale had been got at a Hme, and that the refreshment« supplied were, ander the oiroumetánoep, neoeaserles, his Honor thought differently, and gave a verdiot for tbe amount olalmed, together with the coats of tbtoe wit-1 o ess es.i For' tbe plaintiff, ¡Mr. Greer; for tba defence, J Mr¡ Cary;.,: . n ... im ,,--.- - -, , COCPBB v. BBA-WD'H.-In thiB ease the p'aintiff, Mr*: Cjop>-r,'olaimed 4*9, for att-ndtnoe upon defeodant'a wife »a a midwife The lady waa aonfiaed and died in plaintiff's house. Pla ntiff had said she would not obarge for defend ? ant'«' wife being in her booie, but she, notwithttsnding, int ndrd to charge for her professional servioeaon the . ngoaaion of the aonflnt>ment. A witneaa oorroboralad ilaintifls taatimony sa to ber having resaivad into barr.' loose ond attended foin ber oonfioement the defend-» . ant's'wife. Defendant .denied all knnwledge ot tha matter; but it waa shown that he had frequently visi'M bi9now deceased wife daring ber residence at plaintiff*.-, and ma t therefore bave known of her being there, and the eiraumstanoos ander-which she WSB so. Verdict for plaintiff lor the amount claimed, and coat of one wi ne*r>. STREET V. WHEBI^N.-Paintiff claimed £&.4a. for four weeks rent, from tbe ICth Jane last to the lOtb Aui-uBt. Defendants plea was »ot indebted. It »ppesred that plaintiffs agent bad let » bouse to de. fendant, and that there waa a written agreement, bnt that ? the dooument bad not been signed by defendant*« «*(/*, ? but JO», on defendant's behalf. Pi ajó tiff's agent oooo told defeodant tbat ber son bad ranted < the house for twelve months, and the reply waa, that he had done so without her antbority or consent. Nonsuit. For plain, tiffr. Mr. Levei ; for defendant Mr, Doab. TH.ANOT Moxaii.-Plaintiff» rl.im was for £11 l8«. OJ., a balance of aeeoant. Defendant, it appeared,- - bad baen an amatanr aotor, and in onnBeqatoce of, - misfortunes, stood io need of a ben»fit. One waegivan him- . . at the Victoria Toeatre in Sydney, of whiih plaintiff ia leaseH, on tha ooncitlon that he ahoald poy £30 for the nae of tha theatre and divide the net piolita with, > - plaintiff. Instead of there belog prrftta to divide, -, however, defendant's ' benefit got bim into plain.. ' tiff's debt. -Defendant said that on the night of tbia cttbenefloial .. benefit " the house waa ao erowded. ,,. -, tbat be- thought there muat have»bean £00 taken,. t i whereas a little over £3Qoovered the receipts aonoontedv .: forby Mr, Tolano, who waa the money »taker.. .Hie , Honor's expressed opinion was, that the crowded statu oft. tbe house, in oonneotion with tba limited extent of tbo.. . receipt«, indioated that. defendant had aeon a crowd o Ir ; > ghost». Viirdiot for plaintiff- for the amount olaimed, to. be paid by monthly inatalmonts < f- £3. eaob. SAME V. MANIY_The plaintiff olaimed £7 10a,, for. eaah odvanoed to détendant in Melbourne, on tbo cou oaaion of his encaging bim to come to Sydney, and eot at hia theatre. . Defendant admitted .having reoeived £o;and denied tbe remaning £2 10s.; but said be hod, net led the £5. by giving bia " I ove yon " lot it. Vtrdiot. for plaintiff, £5. WOOI-ODTT v. M BOAN-For trying to lot houses for. defendant, and for advertising them, plaintiff claimed £7 0«, Od. It appeared be had advertised the honaes in hie weekly summary, but did not let thtra, not know who had; and for his servions olaimed five par , cent, apon what waa to have been the firat year's rent if be bad let there Verdict for plaintif!; le., " to cover the cost pt advertising." PIE ROE v. POOH-The plaintiffs claim, waa for £10 10a., for work, and labour done by him for defendant, in laying oqt an'orobard, lea., wbioh plaintiff said occu- pied a great deal of time. A witness said that plaintiff, was pretty regular ia hi« attendance at defendant's and, always did" something when he did attend ; druik a, glssB of porter, amoks a pipe, ate a dinner, or tha like. By "regularity in attendance," be meant , attending, sometimes, once or twioe a day-at meal tima -and, oooationally, once in the oourse of a week or two. Plaintiff mostly pegged out thia witness's work for bim ; but, had the plan's and ground boen his own, he oould bava done bia work as woU without plaintiff's «saiatanoe. Defendant aaid that plaintiff had volunteered bia sar-. , vioea, and proposed to render the assistance wbioh be had done, daring bis meal boura, and tbat when asked ", what bia oharge would te for those asivloep, he replied, " Pooh, I wo i't, oharge anything .for the like of that.", - Defendant had. given plaintiff £5, whioh was more than < sufficient to oover any coat be bad incurred in visiting the place. Vtrdiot for the plaintiff, £3 IO J., and ooBt of two witnesses. For plaintiff, Mr. Dcak ; for defendant; Mr. Fitzhardlng-. At four o'alook p m. the Conti was adjourned, until ten a.m. on Wedneaday. t 