A. GHOST STORTY. A young Germs, lady (itill living) had arrived with a pirty oL fiends ad ont e of the na:?t ro:tnowned litelt ill l.ri, alld ncatpiedl for her part an nlprtment on the firnt flnor, furnished with tutunl tnm nificene. Here oho lay awoke, long iater the hotel was wrapt in slunher, contentpl.ttiln- by the faint glimmer of her night-lhmp, the costly objects in the room, until, iiaddeely, the flliing d ,lrs opposite her t-'l, which ihe I tl l e arremi, firev open, auIl the chtmlt'r wai llth- wht i: a tright light, as of dry. In the mildt of thle thered entered a handtomon yiung tnut11, in the uitstdss uniforml of the French navy, having hi hauir dressed to the peculiar tat to n Ia Titts.. Taking i chir fromn the be laile. ho placed it in the middle of the roonn,?tt id lown, took front his poo~et a pin'ol with it rmmmrk able red butt aitl lock, lut it to his fortueho.l, and,. firing, fell back iip.i* rently dead ! Sitl tntteouttly t ithlt the explosion, the room ie came dark nnd still, but a lte soft voace ittered these wors : "Saty an Ave Marisl for his todi." The youtng lily had fallen bh.etk, not itneusible, but i;t a fatr oors painful state in a kiintl of cataleptic t?a ce, and thus re inmiled fully conscious If all oho itmagiued to lhave occurred, tbut u:nbtle to itove tongue or I hand, until oevent o'it rcl': ni th i following 1 morointg, at which hour'her nid, it obedimetnce e to .oldel's, knocked at the dlor. Findlig that t nt reply was given, the utall went away, anld, returning iat eight,in colpan,. y with ?nother O.domiestie, repeated her s~ton?n,amn. Still ino tanswer-andi ng li after a little consultatiot, the poor yOung lady was deliveored over for oanother hour to her agoni'..d thlnvhts. At Hnire, the doors were forced--ulnd, at the saleo montnt, the power of speech and movement returned. She shrieked out to the atten. dats, that a man had ahit himself there somen -hours. beforo, alled still lay upont the ifloor. Observing nothing untasu i, they con is clutied it was the excitoeuentt c.l$isequent ettlon ut some terrible tdream. Site w;ta therefore tO placed in another npirtmeut and was with a great difficulty persuaded that the scene she so minutely described hila no foundation in a, reality. Half an hour later, the hotel proprie. n tor desired an interview with the gentltten 0 of the party, and declared tth t the scene so '1 strangely re-enacted had actually ocecrred 'I three iights before. A young Frenclh ollieer mY hud loriorled the beat roomt in the hotel-and ta there torminated his life--using for the pur. at p1as a pistol answering the descriptiou mtot 0 tiioed. The bldy, antl the wreapon, still lay at the Morgue for idlntiticatioa, and the gen titemtu proceeded thither, saw both : the hetad d of the unf.rttntuato t:Ul exhibiting the ' Tirts" a crp anid the wound in the forehedl, as in the . vision.. The Archbishop of Paris, struck with to the extraordiuary n tutre of the story, shortly a after called upon the young lady ndt, directing ht' rattention to thelexpression used by the I mnysterious voice, urged upuon hert', with titnch of fervor, the adlvisability of embracing that SfaLith to whose teachiug it appe red to point. n picer S Slran?ge T/lingr A ltetg UT." el. 