* ^iSSsSM:AN0;TrsissoP*M^s (From Duffy* Hiberntan magu*wj ? (Concluded.)' '?'?__..„„' characters in our recent history have left there names as heirlooms to the place. Few are there ^ho do not connect the memory of the old Court house with that of Bully Bgan, the gene rous, brave, and impulsive Chairman of the iuuo, (? , 7 _ lororA. riarlc. and Quarter sessions, xxo ««,o « ''&-? .. — ',-r burly man, as we find by bis portrait h-ned Jy a master nand in « Ireland Sixty Years Ago. Ho bore all the reputation of soft, good-hearted characteristics, except in one respect, and that was when it was necessary to fight» ' daJ|1r* task from which he never shrank. Then Bully Eean knew no fear nor tenderness, altnougu upon some of those occasions his better nature broke out upon Mm. He fought at Donny brook with the Master of the Rolls, in consequence of some insult he conceived that judge to have put upon him in coart,. and as it was known the precise day and hour it wonld come off, a large crowd of spectators gathered to enjoy thefun, which Bully Bgan contrived to intermingle ?with every scene in which he was an actor. The Master of the Roljs had a right to the first shot, as the parties had tossed for the decision of that serious matter, and the duellists having taken their ground, the Master of the Rolls fired at Bally Egan and missed him. This exploit satisfied' :tiae' judge, who was walking away very coolly saying his honour was satisfied, when the hoarse voice of Egan stopped him, and recalling him to his post exelaimed that he 8hould;have a shot at ' his Honour,' When, in obediance tothis command, thejudge returned to his place to be shot at, Egan shouted aloud that he, would not humour him or be bothered with killing him, and called on him to come ?'and shake hands, or else go to the devil.'' This, it need not be said, the Master of the Rolls did, and ever after the men who had met to take' each others lives became fast and firm friends. Another of the curious duelling incidents in which he appeared, was that where Jerry Keller, the barrister, and Egan were engaged upon opposite sides in the same suit. The case was heard at the Assizes at Waterford. Keller and Bgan fell out upon some point of law, which they were discussing, and their argument growing earnest both retired froai the court to decide the matter by a duel. They crossed the rived Suir in a ferry-baot to gain the county oi Kilkenny. Henry Hayden, a large man, and justice of the peace for the county, when he heard of it made !forthe sceneofcomtemplated battle,and arriving as they were preparing to fire, got between them. ' Peremptorily , he was commanded by Docu candidates ior uonour to gei out oi mo way, or they would first shoot him, and then break every bone in his body. He declared his autho rity as a justice of peace, Thoy cold him they did not care if he were an angel from heaven, they would not mind him. And, terrifying him by their determination, he got out of the way, when they exchanged shots v/itbout effect, and then returned to court. The cause of their absence was generally known, and the bench, jury, and auditors, were expecting to hear the news, which of the belligerents was killed, when both walked into court. The Court-house of Kihaainham, however bore, testimony to the genial nature of this fierce duellist for man y a * time, when passing severe sentence upon a criminal, lie was known to exhibit his coru ' l-niseration so far for the unfortunate wretch, as to shed tears upon the fate he was compelled to subjeet him to. x At Kiluaainham, some sixty years since, from the judge to the executioner was only a step, and from the court, of justice to the scaffold, where the hanerman ministered, iust as brief a jonruey. 'Luka Caffrey's Kilmainham Minit,' is a true picture of scenes that, in those unhappy days of Ireland, were frequont of occurrence. This -celebrated' slang song, rivalled only by the ' Night; before -Larry., was 'stretched,'' sketches the mode of' progress of a condemned man to execution. The gallows, in those days, was erected at Stephen's green, and the criminal was conveyed from the prison to that spot in a cart, in which he stood under the fatal beam, where the noose being adjusted around his neck, the cart moved on, and the anfortuuate wretch hung dangling in the air until he became a strangled corse. The system of execution differed then from that adopted now, as death resulted solely from apoplexy, instead of, as in Our times, from fracture or dislocation of the hones of the neck, and apoplexy from the con striction of the rope on the blood-vessels leading froui the brain. This fact caused efforts to be made for the resuscitation of the persons exe cuted after they were cut down from tho rope. Tlioso had. in some instances, proved successful, and one man, named Lanigan, was restored to life, after execution, by the touch of the sur geon's scalpel, who had obtained the body for dissection, opening- a vein and relieving the engorged brain. From one of the most interesting books on Irish manners and customs of those times, we aru told that the costume of the finisher of the '. law was horribly grotesque. For the purpose of concealment aad disguise he was accustomed to wear a peculiar costume. His face was covered with a vizard, whose misshapen features were calculated to excite the risibility of the specta tors. His back was bolstered up into an ino utetise hump like that of Punchinello. The system of constructing this appendage was as peculiar, as it was useful to the executioner. The appearance of this official was always hailed. l»y insults' i ami a shower of any kind of missiles that were at hand about the place of execu tiou. The hunch was formed of a wooden convex dish which was laid between the shoulders of the hangman, and being fastened tbure. wa's covered by clothes. When the ciuuiual was turned off, and the amusement of pelting the hangman began— a process known as 'dusting the scrag- boy,'— to avoid the showers of stones hurling by him, the hangman ducked down bis head and opposed his hump as a shield to the frequent missives aimed at him. From this they rebounded with a force that told how deadly waa the strength with which they flew, amid the jeers and laughter of the crowd, who rejoiced in the antics of the degraded wretch upon such occasions. \- After such horrible spectacles as this were abolished, the hero of many of them, old Tom Gal via, the hangman, remained resident at Kilmainham. This ancient ruffian was proud of his fame^ and rejoiced to show hjs visitors the rope with which he performed his work, and with which he jocularly used to relate that he had hanged most of his own relatives. His dexterity in the task was a theine upon which he would always dilate with pleasure, and as an instance of it many a visitor unex pectedly found the ? rope suddenly slipped round his neck by the master hand of the old strangulator, and enjoyed the sud den chuck that conveyed the sensation of strangling. He had no human feeling, aad exercised his vocation with the most intense selfishness. A reprieve was a thing be dreaded and when news came to him of a respite for some unfortunate man upou whom he hoped to exercise his horrid trade, it is said that he would almost cry with disappointment at the loss of his fee, and say : ' It is a hard thing to be taking the bread out of the mouth of an old man like me !' He was always impatient at any delay made by a convict, and a notable instance of his remonstrance upon such an occasion, occurred at the execution of the infamous Jemmy O'Brien. This cruel and ferocious informer, at his last hours exhibited the greatest terror, and lingered over his devotion to protract his life for a few moments. Galvin, annoyed at being kept waiting, called out to him at the door of the scaffold, so as to be heard by all the by standers, ?? Mister O'Brien, jewel, long life to you, make haste wid your prayers, de people is getting tired under de swing swong !' Kilraainbam had a frequent place in the ballads of the people. The romance of Lord Altham's abducted bull, for the purpose of bait ing, is one of the old and favourite ditties of the classic neighbourhood now forgotten. It tells how — ' 'Twas on de fust o' sweet Magay, It being a high holiday, Six-and-tvventy boys of de straw Went to take Lord Altham's bull away.' The finish of- the expedition is tragic of course, as ail such productions should make their finales. The&febt; the bull and baited him, but Nemesis was to appear on the stage, and this is how the lame divinity made her entry — ' Lord Althain is a very had man, As all de neighbours know, For driving white Roger from KilmainLam lands, We all to Virginy must go !' Those are relics of times that are old now in our eyes, who live amid the decorum of more enlightened days. Strange as they are, in our records thoy are worthy of a place, for the instruction they convey. The last celebrated reminiscence of Kilmain ham is that which connects the village with the name of the gifted, patriotic, and high souled Robert Emmet. A house which he occupied is still sb,qym near, the police- barrack, and curious It is, but still patent to any one who will examine it, that the railings around are com posed of gun barrels, which, doubtless, poor Emmet hoped would have aided him to gain success in that tragic course which terminated iia his execution at Thomas- street. This house wa3 the witness -of the brutal torture to whieh Major Sin- put a, youug girl, the faithful and heroic servant of the devoted enthusiast, in order to force her to confess where her master was concealed. This she resisted, although the pangs she suffered were so great, that a little addition to them would have relieved her by immediate death. This is an episode sufficient to close our paper upon Kilmaiuham, reflecting as it does the principles which are yet rife amongst our people, in their unconquerable fidelity and attachment to the patriotic and mis fortunate. Deep falls the shadow of night over the white houses in the old suburb, over the blurred out lines of distant spire, and far tower, over the woods and over the river, whose voice grows louder, more hoarse and solemn, in the hushed pauses of the still air. Above the hills gleam the silent stars, the burning cressets of old time, nung out irom ueaven, xne steer has been gathered into the byre, the sheep have been housed in the fold, the plough is stopped in the ridge, and the teamster passes homeward as here -e muse amid dust of old battle fields, the ruins of old glory, and the graves of dead Chief and Kerne, Knight and Monk. What a voice this is preaching the lesson of mutability, that without an earthly tone falls on us, with an earthly interpretation ! Wherever we tread, it proclaims amid the world, amid roads ever so dusty and common place, scenes ever so still, wild, and beauteous, that the dead of by-gone ages lie under our feet, whilst we muse and moralise, weep or rejoice in our path. Dead passions, dead peace, dead strife, have reigned and ruled everywhere over this wide world, and with such connection, in the tranquil darkneS3 that bides the ghosts of other times from our slight, we leave to loneliness the wide domain that Maignend blessed, and for which warriors bled a thousand years ago. 