MR. JENNER AND THE COLONY OF VICTORIA. (From the Argus, December 7.) The proof that Victoria is not in a healthy State is to be found in the number of employes who have taken her case in hand. The very fact of our being occupied in thinking about our health is an evidence of disease. The perfectly healthy man is he whose organs perform their functions without any marked signs of activity. The hypochondriac may conceive a hundred false ideas about his state of body; but the very circumstance of his being busied about his health proves that he is in an unsound condition. Every malady imaginative has some real disorder; although it is usually the last which the patient himself imagines. The heart, or the lungs, or the brain gets the credit of some complaint which properly belongs, perhaps, to some inferior and less romantic organ. An ill- cooked vintages piece of pleuro-pneumonia better an undigested potato may be the foundation of a whole train of morbid fancies, rang- high from electrical mice and spirits to visions of national insolvency and universal ruin. The speculations of Mr. Jenner as to the present depressed state of Victoria have this much of value, that they prove the existence of some real disorder, although of a very different kind from that which the member for the South- Western Province has imagined. The absurdity of his arguments as to our speedy ruin from the operation of the balance of trade being demonstrated, it does not follow that there are no real evils in the condition of Victoria, requiring all the skill and the zeal of her statesmen and patriots. The error lies in ascribing those evils to the wrong causes. There can be no fancy in the diseased imagination of any hypochondriac so utterly wild and foolish, as the idea that the fortunes of any young country like this are to be retrieved by the process of taxing imports- Such a remedy could only have suggested itself to that school of practitioners who prescribe blood-letting for low fevers and port wine and high living for apoplexy. The truth is, that Victoria is suffering, not from too little protection, but from too much. There is too much government altogether for so small a country. The laws of production and of distribution have been too much meddled with. Industry has been too much cuddled and taken care of, and hence it is now in a ricketty and unwholesome state. The legislation of past years has been almost exclusively directed to the encouragement of particular classes, to the neglect of the general interests of the community. The evils that we now experience are but the natural fruits of over-legislation, over-production, and the unwholesome feverish exaltation of our early years. We are but reaping as we have sown. For many years past it has been the aim of our governments to interfere, in every possible way, with the development of national industry. We have not been content to be gold-miners and graziers, but we would be agriculturists and artisans. We would be manufacturers as well as producers. We could not let labor alone to make its own position ; but we must protect it against capital; we must make restrictive laws against wealth, and provide against too much accumulation of property. Why need we go far to seek for the causes of our present depression? The one fact, that our population remains stationary, is in itself the most striking and ominous symptom of our unwholesome state. Yet how can it be said that this is an evil which has been produced by free trade, or which is to be cured by protection ? What trade is there which can be too free for a country like Victoria? That the stream of immigration has ceased, is due solely and entirely to the character of our past legisla- tion? to the obstacles which have been thrown in the way of enterprise to the fetters which have been placed on capitalize the eternal agitation on the land question, tending to create a general son se of insecurity at home, and utter distrust in the minds of intending colonists in England? to the perpetual changes in our Government? and, lastly, to the supposed extreme democratic character of our institutions. We have even directly interfered by legislation to arrest the natural course of immigration, and we have done our best to encourage the notion so popular among the classes which clamour for protection, that Victoria was only meant to be inhabited by half-a-million souls, and that every newcomer is a competitor" with the local labourer. To this one cause alone? the decline of immigration may be ascribed all those evils for which Mr. Jenner seeks a remedy in the re-adjustment of the tariff, and in the encouragement of native industry. It is not restriction, but freedom we want to cure our disorders. Native industry has no other boon to ask from our governments than simply to be let alone. Let capital be free, and the laborer will have his best protection. Let population increase; and it cannot be but that every one will benefit by the increase? the capitalist, the workman, the trader, the Agriculturist. To parody the words of Mirabeau we would prescribe but one cure for all our evils Population, and again Population, and always Population It is to trifle with the requirements of the case, to suggest protection, when we want the people who are to be protected to talk of native labor, when we want more laborers, more masters, more citizens to warn us against the encroach- ments of the foreign capitalist, when we want as much foreign capital, and as many foreign capitalists, as we can get, for our own advantage. It is but a paltry and miserable sort of cure at the best, which Mr. Jenner has to recommend, that we should add ten per cent, to certain articles in our tariff, whom the country is standing still for want of people to live in it, to work in it to improve and enrich it, and develope its countless sources of natural wealth, and its vast fields of industry. There are now three and industries in the country? the gold-miners, the wool- growers, and the agriculturists. Which of these is it that requires protection, and what good would any of them derive from being protected by additional taxation on the general community? The best protection we can give to the diggers is to leave them free in the prosecution of their dustry to relieve them as much possible of all extraneous burdens on the cost of living? to cheapen their food, their lodging, their clothes, and their tools. The more cheaply a digger is able to work, the greater will be the number of diggers, and the larger the amount of produce from this source of national industry. But the protection which the digger now has in free trade is incompatible with the protection which Mr. Jenner would give to the colonial j shoemaker, joiner, tailor, and ironmonger. Again, let us take the case of the growers of wool and of meat. How are they to be protected? is the importation of sheep and cattle to be prohibited ? What protection do our graziers want but security against unnecessary encroachment, liberty to extend their enterprises, and sufficiency of grass and water ? How will they benefit by the ingenious scheme of putting on extra taxes for the encouragement of native industry ? Lastly, there are the agriculturists. What sort of protection a sir Jenner prepared to give them? V"-" ?aetl**c foreign flour, and prohibit foreign oats and wheat? What protection do the farmers want but no unencum- bered estate, acio***-1*1!0. -cheap labor, good seasons, and a conven.'-?**4 market. Popula- tion alone can give the agriculturist his due measure of protection, as population alone can, protect us all against the evils, present and to come, of our condition. It is not scarcity, bot abundance, we want? not more taxes, but fewer not more nursing, but less nor protection for particular classes, but freedom for all. Dietary At one of the meetings of the British Association Dr. Edward Smith read an excellent paper " On the Diotnries of the Laboring Classes." He said he wished to show the largest amount of food which could be provided by the smallest amount of money which would give a breakfast for the? dinner for 2d., and tea for ld., and which would give nothing but what was required by the system, It was important, especially to the working classes, to know what dietary was cheaper than another. He would first take bread, which must be the basis of all our diets. A pound of broad gave 2000 grains of carbon and 70 grains of nitrogen ; this was from ordinary household flour. In baking 141 oz. of flour made 10 lbs. of bread ; and, in a point of economy, it was immaterial whether it was baked by the consumer or he bought it ready baked. The first) a strong conviction that brown bread was the rich man's dietary, and not the poor niall's, as was generally supposed AA'horollu object was to supply the largest amount of nutrition at the smallest account of cost, in that case the brown bread was not the diet of the poor man, and that was fully proved by the experience of the country, white bread being the bread of the poor man Brown bread was generally supposed to be the more nutritious, arising from a statement by Liebig that there was in the husk of the brown bread more nitrogen than in the white, and it was said if you take away the husk you take away the nutritious part. But the error arose through not considering whether the husk was digested; and it was now proved beyond doubt that it was not digested, and therefore it was entirely lost. Brown bread was also laxative, and had a wasting effect. Ordinary households had as much nutrition as the best flour, which was only whitened. Oatmeal was not more nutritious than white flour, and peas, from containing a large quantity of nitrogen, was an excellent addition to broad, split peas being best, a the skins were not digested. Rice, if it could be obtained at a penny a po or all. was a cheap, good article of diet. Fresh vegetables, where good bread could be obtained and fresh meat, was not so essentially necessary as was generally supposed. Pota toes were the dearest of all the food supplied to the poor, and this ought to be considered by people who had the supplying of food them. He spoke of the value of bones, mill said that while the gelatine obtained from them was not sufficient to sustain life, bone were still very valuable as articles of nutri- tion, one pound of bones containing as much nutrition as half a pound of bread. Liver war an important addition to the poor man's food, providing it could be got free from disease and was well cooked. It gave a large amount of nitrogen than any other kind of meat. New, skim, and butter milk were in' excellent for the diaries of the poor, and he thought it was a fact worth knowing that skim milk, in view of its nutritious qualities was the cheapest food that could possibly be obtained. Tea and coffee were not so nutritious as some supposed. Dr. Johnson had made a mistake in speaking of the value of tea as a dietary by taking the chemical elements of the ten leaf: but the leaves were not eaten, and only 10 per cent, of the weight of the leaves was taken up by the water. If, therefore, all the theme was taken up, there would only be 10 grains of nitrogen in threepennyworth often, while there were 43 grains of nitrogen in a farthing's worth of skim milk. When they spoke, however, of the dietary of the rich, ton was to them a powerful stimulant, in respect to respiration. It was very useful where the system was fed well. It might he asked how it was that tea was so generally used by the poorer classes, if it had no nutrition. Besides the ten he might say there was hot water, and in many cases sugar and milk. Fluid was necessary to be taken as a dietary, especially with bread; the warm water gave the warmth the food required, and the benefit arose from the warm water. Dr. Smith gave in detail some dietaries such as those he had suggested, and a vote of of thanks was given to him for his excellent address. A Ghost Club. Among the oddities of the day is the establishment of a ghost club not, as might be supposed, a club for the assemblage of genial spirits, but an institution for the organised research into the possibility of a traveller returning from those sources to which we all look forward with interest. The club is in downright earnest, as may be gathered from the fact that the committee advertise for a haunted house," one whose reputation is well authenticated. Donhtles the answers will be numerous and if, after minute research, the committee of the Ghost Club succeed in re-establishing the respectability of the hitherto supposed haunted mansions, by proving the charge unfounded, their labors will be highly useful, as the number of the so-called haunted houses that are closed and going to decay in and about town, under this mouldering and blighting reputation, ridiculously large. We know of haifa dozen such. The reader, wishing a pleasant drive out of the suburbs, may choose Finchley Road, and just before the corner of the road, made celebrated by the half of the Woman in White namely, that diverging to Frognnl and West Hampstead he will see a stately min imbedded in trees quite in the ghostly style. This place, we believe, bears the reputation of being the habitation of a ghost, and is, doubtless, at the service of the club, though the old keeper, who receives the gratuity of the credulous inspector, pooh pooh the idea, if not the profit it raises It has, however, its bit of real romance, well vouched for by this cicerone, namely, the walking in of a wife for two years, without her seeing a ray of light from heaven, or the aspect of her fellow-beings. This is the story the person tolls, and gives very minute particulars of many other matters highly interesting to the gobemouche, with the name of the Bluebeard, which is one not new to for tune and to fame.? Court Journal. The Language of England after tick Nguman Conquest. It is commonly asserted that for some reigns after the Norman Conquest, the exclusive language of government and legislation in England was the French that all pleadings, at least in the Supreme Courts, were carried on in that language; and that in it all deeds were drawn up, and all laws promulgated. "This popular notion," observes a learned living writer Sir Francis Palgrave), cannot be easily supported. * Before the reign of Henry III. we cannot discover a deed or law drawn or composed in French. Instead of prohibiting the English language, it was employed by the Conqueror and his successors in their charters until the reign of Henry H., when it was superseded, not by the French, but by the Latin language, which had been gradually gaining, or rather regaining ground for the charters anterior to Alfred are invariably in Latin." So far was the Conqueror from showing any aver- sion in the English language, or making any such attempt as is ascribed to him to effect its abolition, that, according to Ordericus A'ttalis, when he first came over he strenuously applied himself to learn it for the special purpose of understanding, without the aid of an interpreter, the causes that were pleaded before him, and persevered in that endeavor till the tumult of many other occupations, and what the historian calls " durior notes"? a more Iron time of necessity compelled him to give it up. The common statement rests on the more than suspicious authority of the history attributed to the Ingulphus, the fabricator of which, In his loose and Ignorant account of the matter, has set down this falsehood along with some other things that are true or probable Professor Craik. 