QUEENSLAND. (Prom our own Correspondent.! December 2. The metropolis.ib rather dull after tho excite ment of the municipal election. On Saturday afternoon the official declaration of the poll was made by the mayor, aud the aldermen elect delivered speeches of the usual character. Some of the defeated candidates followed suit, and three of them created great amusement by their exhibition of disappointment with the result of tho election. Mr It. Cribb, M.L.A., who has long regarded himself as a Bort of dictator amongst tho old hands has seen his power depart from him and ia impotent to protect himself from the ridicule which his absurd and unwarranted assumptions amongst a new and increased population bring upon him. His nbuse and vituperation of tho people who did not support him and his son in-law were extreme, and would surprise even Victorians who are used to all sorts of stump orations. The .Courier and all connected with the leading journal came in for all sorts of hard things; hut it is no wonder, for its literary staff ia composed principally of Vic torians, and to bo a Victorian or a Sydney man after separation is a high crimo and and misdemeanor with the class that Mr Cribb represents; The result of this election evi dences a complete revulsion of feeling in matters municipal; and I have no doubt that tho city will soon show that the change is b?nr-ficial. Some of the most influential and wealthy of the northern squatters and employers of laborers have memorialised tho Government in tho matter of Ooolie labour, and have re quested that full force and effect be given to the Indian Immigration Act by the imme diate appointment of emigration agents in the several presidencies of India. The Govern ment have established an agency at Madras, and bofore establishing others, they are de sirous of testing its working. It strikes me that we shall never succeed in growing cotton and sugar profitably on a large scale until wo have cheap labour suited for tropical field work. When we have plenty of Coolies wo I Shall go ahead. ■ j The news' from Talgai and from the i Gayndah (Burnett district) diggings continues promising. There are more unlikely things than that we shall have an extensive gold field in Queensland, and that without going so far north as Peak Downs. There have been no extraordinary finds as yet; but payable quartz reefs havo been struck in two or three places at Talgai. His Excellency the • Governor and Lady Ijowen have returned to Brisbane after a tour of flye weeks through the western country. They had delightful weather all the time, and visited every place of interest on the beautiful Darling Downs. At Warwick, at Toowoomba, and at Drayton his Excellency was presented with addresses by the respective town councils; to which, of course, he replied in his usual mag niloquent style. He delighted (perhaps bored, for it -was shearing time) the country gentry by visiting and enjoying the hospitality of all the best stations. The Municipal Council of Brisbane have decided upon constructing n reservoir and making duo provision for supplying the city with water, and have unanimously adopted a scheme of their own in preference to one pro posed by the Government. A telegram received from Sydney yesterday sets at' rest all doubts as to the fate of tlio missing boat of the Hope, whaler. The Yarra Yarra, steamer, picked up the boat on the eastern coast, between Brisbane and Sydney j thp men are all well. I should have men tioned in my last that Captain Bennett, of the Sporting Lass, is the same who was wrecked a few months ago on the Bampton Shoal, while owner and; commander of the Prince of Den mnrk.' From the - remains of this vessel lie built another and called her the Hamlet'a Ghost, in which be and jiis crew arrived at Brisbape. The-whereabouts of the celebrated Prank Gardiner ia known, and he is not a hundred miles from where this communication is writ ten; yet ate the Queensland as well as the [New South "Wales" police at fault. Thoir stupidity ia beyond comprehension. Queensland having been challenged to play cricket by New South Wales'—eleven of our neighbors to sixteen of our noble selves—a public: meeting, was held yesterday to initiate arrangements for trying conclusions at a •proper time, The matter has b?ea taken up villi spirit, and promises to eventuate in a match. - A communication from Mr George Coppin has been received here, holding out induce ments to us to have Mr and Mrs Charles Kean in Brisbane, about July next. It we can arrange for a suitable room.(which does not at present exi-t) for "them to give their read ings in, wo shall have them up here. Weather hot and rainy, and everybody in a Btew. Change clolhes three times a day, and then can't keep dry—the exei tion of changing putting one in the condition of Don Quixote's lady as described by the redoubtable Sancho Panza (barring, of course, the necessity for perfumery). The public health is bad, and will, I fear, be worse every summer, while drainage is un attended to and the pretty hills around Bris bane are permitted to bo denuded of trees. Keferring to the sickness that pervades in the city, I "quote tho following from tho North Austra'ian "The filling up and sewerage of Frog's Hollow is be yond question the most immediately important requirement of Brisbane, and unless imme diately provided for, those whose duty it is to protect the inhabitants from peRtilonce, will bo justly chargeable with a mortality avhich Brisbane lias not sen equalled. From time to time the Press lias directed attention to the sickneg3' and death certain to arise if this nuisanca was not quickly abated ; and which must result from the miasma from the deposits of stagnant water and animal and vegetable offal in the locality. The conclusions ex pressed have already been partially verified. In winter, scarlatina and fever and ague, visited the neighbourhood, and since the warm season ha3 set in, several marked and well'] "authenticated cases of cholera have occurred in Frogs' Hollow Outrages of natural laws, if slowly, aro nevertheless certainly, punished ; the local epidemic of the present season, will in future visits widen its. circle, until the entire community are made to suffer for the negligence and cupidity of a few. It is fearful to coutomplate the consequences which may spring from continued apathy or opposition to the immediate removal of this fertile Bource of pestilence and death. Were private consi derations discarded as they ehonld be, tho community would soon be relieved from the dread which they must continue to ft el, while the nuisance is allowed to disfigure the town and endanger the public health To look for ward to four or fWe'montbs of hot weather and summer rains, with the exhalations which will arise from the filth deposited in Frog's Hollow, for which there is no means of escape, is very far from a comforting or hopeful anti cipation for the ratepayers. As we have stated, the appearance of scarlatina, fever and cholera, are sufficient indications of what may bo ex pected if the subject is not immediately brought to an issue, and etcps taken to force the filling up of the allotments." I regret to say that I am in a position to vouch for the complete accuracy of the representations here made. Another immigrant ship with above two hundred and fifty Germans on board bas arrived in Moreton Bay. All well! On Wednesday the Cosmopolitan Company washed 71 oz of gold out of a small machine of dirt, and the ICoh-i-nooi Company obtained 77 oz.—Star. The man arrested at the Springs, Mount Bolton, by Trooper Dowling turns out to be Charles Plant, supposed to be implicated in the murder of Barnett and Selby, at Carr's Plains, in October last. He was brought be fore the Learmonth Bench, on Monday, and remanded to Stawell. He states that he was in the district after the murders, was aware of the horrible outrage, but had no hand what ever in it. He is now in the gaol, but will be taken by the escort this day to Stawell.— Ballarat Star. The Alta of 23rd giYOS the following as the result at ChattanoogaAfter .two days' hard fighting, in which victory declared for neither side, Rosecrans retired to Chattanooga. In these two days he fought nearly the whole Btrength of the Southern Confederacy. There were opposed to him Bragg's original army, Johnston's army, as much as could bo gathered together of Petnberton's scattered forc-s, and half of Lee's troops. Rosecrans early found out the strength of the army that was drawn up in front of him for after the cavalry skir mishes which ushered in the grand contest he fell back and formed a defensive line. For this coup the rebels have been preparing for over two months. From almost every point they have been Bonding reinforcements to Bragg. . Thc-ir object was to anni hilate Rosecrans. After two days' hard fighting, they gained no advantage, and Rosecransis now (or was on Monday) in Chattanooga, waiting for reinforcements. On Sunday it is reported that Burnside was only thirty miles from him. It was also reported on Monday that reinforcements were marching to him from Grant's army. When thsse arrive he will resume the offensive, and then we may look forward for decisive results. In the meantime the At my of the Potomac is said to be on the move. The impression is ■ general that there aie but few rebel troops between the Rappahannock and Richmond. , If Meade should now press forward to the rebel capital he will have nothing but a long 1 and tedious siege on his hands, unless an effort is made to turn the position of Drury's Bluffs, on the James River, and to bring the gunboats into play. General Foster is now in command at Fortress Monroe. He is an able and cau tious general. It is possible that we may hear of an advance from that quarter simultaneously with. Meade's movement from the north." 