THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1863. In the Legislative Council yesterday, The PRESIDENT presented the reply of His Excellency to the address of the Council. The Municipal Acts Amendment Bill was brought up, and read a first time. His Excellency gave the Royal assent to the Partnerships Bill, and the Real Property Bill ; and reserved that " for the removal of doubts." The House went into committee on the Volunteers Bill. Mr. FAWKNER moved a clause for the pur- pose of giving to every volunteer who served three years, or any longer term, ten acres of land for every year's service. Mr. HULL seconded the motion. Mr. HERVEY said such a provision would entirely alter the character of the force. After some discussion, the motion was ne- gatived by twelve to ten, and the bill re- ported, and passed through all its stages. The Trading Companies Bill was with- drawn. The House then adjourned. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, The SPEAKER reported the answer of His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly to the address presented to him by the House. Mr. McCULLOCH moved that His Excellency's reply be recorded in the minutes of the House which was agreed to. In answer to Mr. O'Grady, Mr. GRANT said he would consult with his colleague the Chief Secretary as to the steps that should be taken to make road boards acquainted immediately with certain provi- sions of the Local Government Bill, as regards the transference of names from the rate- payers' to the electoral roll, &c.; Mr. MOLLISON gave notice that, on Friday he would call the attention of the Chief Secre- tary to the recommendations of the Lunacy Commissioners to obviate the necessity of the confinement of lunatics in gaols. Mr. WOODS and Mr. GIRDLESTONE com- plained of the diversion to other purposes of money voted for the improvement of the Great Western-road. Mr. GRANT defended the conduct of Mr. Steavenson in the administration of the affairs of the Roads department. In answer to Mr. Levey, Mr. MICHIE said his attention had been called to the extraordinaty number of inquests held at Casterton, aud he had taken the neces- sary steps to mitigate the evil complained of. In answer to Mr. Gillies, Mr. HEALES said the Government intended to administer the Land Act of 1862, as it stood, during the recess. They would protect the public domain as far as lay in their power. The requirements of the state would be met by selling lands by auction outside the ten million acres. The Ministry hoped to close the session on Friday. No plan had been struck out to prevent evasions. Mem- bers who had faith in the Government must trust them fully on that point. In answer to Mr. Wood, Mr. HEALES said land outside the agri- cultural areas would be sold, if a demand existed, in larger blocks than 640 acres. In answer to Mr. Wood, Mr. McCULLOCH said he hoped the Council would not delay over the Municipal Bill and other measures now before them. If these bills were unreasonably delayed, the House would be prorogued without reference to those bills. Mr. BERRY gave notice of a resolution, which he would move to-day, for the preven- tion of sales of land within the agricultural areas until the Land Act of 1862 is amended. Mr. SINCLAIR complained that the tender he had sent to Mr. Wilson, and submitted to the committee, had been tampered with. His evidence had also been given erroneously in some instances. The Naval and Military Forces Bill was read a third time aud passed. Mr. VERDON brought in the Appropriation Bill, which was read a first time. The House then went into committee on the Pleuro-pneumonia Act Amendment Bill. Mr. HOWARD stated that he would omit all the clauses to which hon. members objected. The bill would give power for the declaration of districts as clean, and for the appointment of Inspectors. Progress was reported before any real pro- gress had been made. The Council's amendments of the Railway Management Bill were disposed of. The House, at the instance of Mr. McCann, was then counted out.________ The king is dead-long live the king ! The cheers which have greeted the departing GOVERNOR have scarcely died away before the citizens have to pay their welcome to his successor. The last echoes of the applause to Sir HENRY BARKLY are mingled with congratula- tions to Sir CHARLES DARLING. The addresses of the two Houses to the old GOVERNOR read like letters of instruc- tion to the new. The courtly phrases of Parliament have to perform a double office-to discharge our gratitude to the one ruler, and to prove our loyalty to the other. A people so readily moved to thanks- giving as ours, so little exacting as to Governors, is bound to take in trust the new gentleman whom it is HER MAJESTY'S pleasure to set over us. For a short time, at least, Sir CHARLES DARLING is sure of being the most popular man in the country. He has come to rule over a people who, in spite of anything he may have heard to their prejudice in this respect at home, are overflowing with loyalty and kindness to Governors--a people easily pleased and prone to devotion. It will be his own fault if he does not maintain that popu- larity which is his by anticipation. The task he has come to perform is less difficult than perhaps he has been led to expect. He may learn, even from the applause which follows his predecessor, how cheaply he may win the favour of the populace, how little difficult it is to play his part of Governor, and with what little real cost he may earn a farewell testimonial. The office of constitutional Governor in Victoria, he is told in the address of the two Houses, is a difficult one : he may gather from the same document how easily the difficulty can be evaded. He will gain something by coming after a gentleman who has acquitted himself so trium- phantly as Sir HENRY BARKLY. The act of governorship, as understood and appreciated by the majority of the people and Parliament of Victoria, is in fact a most simple accomplishment. There is no more wit in it than, according to, the old Swede's axiom, is required for the ruling of mankind generally. There was a little difficulty at first, before the relations of the Governor with his Par- liament had been fixed ; but thanks to the judgement and impartiality of Sir HENRY BARKLY, it is henceforth all plea- sant sailing for the Governor of Victoria. According to the theory which has gained the approbation of our people and Parliament, he is in reality but the agent of the Colonial Office in this country.His part in all things affecting the interests of the colony is to reign, but not to govern. He is bound to take his orders from the Ministry of the day. Excepting always in any matter relating to Imperial interests, or to the dignity and emoluments of his own office, he is required to permit nothing to interfere with the logical development of the Constitution. He must understand that the colony exists as much as a sort of political experimental farm for England, as for any other more selfish purpose. An English gentleman, with the ordinary cultivated tastes and instincts of his order, has, in reality, but an easy part to play as constitutional Governor of a colony. Politically, so long as we are content to play at parliamentary government, there is very little for a Victorian Governor to do. We cannot pre- sume to know what may be Sir CHARLES DARLING'S special mission to this colony, or whether he has any instructions dif- ferent from those of his predecessor. But if he is to proceed in the same line as Sir HENRY BARKLY, success cannot be difficult to him who has already served a long apprenticeship in the art of governing a colony. "The Times," we perceive, takes a rather bold and large view of Sir CHARLES DARLING's duty in this colony ; but the loeading journal expresses, perhaps, nothing but the opinion of the unofficial British public. "The real difficulty of our colonial Governors in these days," says The Times, "is to confront universal suffrage." The Colonial Office is called upon to "interpose the power of the QUEEN between universal suffrage and the ends to which it necessarily tends." The colonies are declared to be abandoned to "the unchec ked guidance of the evil principle;" and Sir CHARLES DARLING, on the eve of his departure, is treated with a long lecture opn the task which awaitss him in Victoria, of "confronting universal suffrage," and of making the QUEEN'S name a more active instrument of Government than it has hitherto been. The people of Victoria will be naturally curious to know if is the mission which Sir CHARLES DARLING has accepted, and this is the policy which he has come out to inaugurate. If so, and if "The Times" speaks under the inspiration of the British Government, the new GOVERNOR will have to follow a path quite different from that which his predecessor found so pleasant. He will be a very clever gentleman, indeed, if, with an object so diverse, he succeeds in pleasing the same public which cheers Sir HENRY BARKLY, and sends him away with a good character for doing nothing. Whether Sir C HARLES DARLING is prepared to combat the monster, uni- versal suffrage, or not, his greatest triumph, after all, is to be won in the perhaps more difficult battle of social life. As the"centre and head" of Victorian society, Sir CHARLES DARLING will be called upon to perform a duty which we must hold to have been but very differently discharged by any of his predecessors. Endowed with a smaller income than Sir HENRY BARKLY, he will not feel it incumbent on him to be so general in his hospitalities . He will not be expected to open his doors of Toorak to any but his own friends ; nor will he be required to number among those friends every equivocal character whom he may meet in politics. He will be compelled, for his own sake, to be scrupulous as to his company ; and he will probably be above the weakness of striving to establish his political popularity at the expense of his social reputation. ____________________________ Sir Henry Barkly's last public duty as Governor of Victoria was fulfilled yesterday. At five o'clock, His Excellency attended at the Parliament Houses, and gave his assent to the Partnerships Bill and the Real Pro- perty Act Amendment Bill. A goodly number of strangers attended the chamber of the Legislative Council on the occasion. The ceremony of "giving the assent" having been performed, and the Clerk of the Parliaments having announced that the Governor reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure the bill to remove doubts as to the validity of certain proceedings which had taken place under the Real Property Act, Sir Henry Barkly bowed his adieux to the members of both Houses and retired. It was remarked that Sir Henry seemed deeply affected by the leave taking. The Governor was received in Par- liament-yard by a guard of honour of the Royal Artillery, under Captain Purcell, and by a crowd of people, who gave His Excellency a lusty cheer. The Rangatira, with the South Australian portion of the English July mail, reached Ade- laide on the 8th instant. The wires, however, have been disarranged, and no portion of our usual message has yet come to hand. We received, at four o'clock p.m. yesterday, a brief telegraphic message from Adelaide, inti- mating the arrival of the mail, and antici- pated receiving a summary of the news soon afterwards. It appears, however, that the telegraph got out of order immediately after- wards between Guichen Bay and Adelaide, and communication had not been resumed when we went to press. The Bombay may be expected to reach Hobson's Bay in the course of the day. Sir Charles Darling, K.C B., the new Gover- nor of the colony, landed in Melbourne yes- terday, and has taken up his residence, for the time, at Mr. Ebden's house, in Collins street. His Excellency is to be sworn in by the Chief Justice, at the Treasury-buildings, on Friday, at twelve o'clock. The afternoon of that day will be observed as a public holiday. Sir Henry Barkly will leave Mel- bourne, for Sydney, by the mail steamer, also on Friday. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. O'Grady called attention to the mistakes road boards were evidently falling into, with re- ference to meetings, the ratepayers' roll, and the time of striking rates, from their want of acquaintance with the provisions of the Local Government Bill. In answer to the hon. member, Mr. Grant promised to consult the Chief Secretary, and, if it was considered de- sirable, to address a circular to the various road boards, conveying to them information on the clauses of the measure affecting the points alluded to. Mr. Sinclair complained to the Speaker last night that he had not been furnished by the committee on his charge against Mr. Wilson with a proof of his evidence for correction. Various errors had occurred in it as a con- sequence. He also accused some person un- named with having altered the manuscript of his tender. Mr. M'Culloch said he did not intend to take further steps in the matter, and Mr. Sinclair added that he washed his hands of the whole affair, and left his conduct to the judgement of his constituents. We have been requested to call attention to the great need of help which the institution of Bible women requires. Most of our readers may be aware that the object of this institu- tion is the employment of women in a class of domiciliary visitation not so readily to be compassed by men or ordinary town mission- aries. The plan has been found to work ad- mirably in Europe, and it can scarcely be necessary to say that in this large city we have most of the evils in full action for which this agency is so peculiarly adapted. The hon. treasurer of the Ladies' City Mis- sion begs to acknowledge the following sums towards the fund of the Bible women for the month of August :-Mrs. Grice, £1 ; two friends, £2; thank offering, 10s.; Mrs. C., 2s. 6d. ; Mr. Callaghan, 5s. A general meeting of the South Melbourne Cricket Club was held on Tuesday evening last, at Mr. Burnett's school-room, Raglan street, Emerald-hill, for the purpose of elect- ing office-bearers for the ensuing season, at which the following gentlemen were elected : President, Mr. J. Finlay, J.P.j vice president, Mr. Henry Langtree; treasurer, Mr. C. K, Finlay ; secretary, Mr. E. P. Fishley ; and for the committee, Messrs. Barnett, Millidge, W. Daisb, and Couch. The entrance-fee to the club was reduced from a guinea "to half-a guinea. Resolutions have been adopted, at a public meeting held at Yackandandah, in favour of an extension of the Victorian Railways, through Beechworth to Albury. Maryborough has been supplied with water for domestic purposes from the reservoir recently erected in the neighbourhood of that municipality. A nugget, weighing 189 ounces, was found a few days ago, in the neighbourhood of Red Jacket, iu the Bendigo district. It is estimated as being worth £750. There was no business of any interest dis- posed of at the Sandridge Police Court yes- terday. In all probability Parliament will be pro- rogued on Friday. The Appropriation Act was brought in and read a first time in the Assembly last night. It is stated that a very large rush has taken place to likely-looking ground about two miles east of Majorca. No shaft has yet been bottomed, it seems, and it is difficult, there- fore, to understand why so many miners have commenced to put down shafts. The large price of £4 1s. 7d. per ounce was last week obtained, on assay, for ninety ounces of gold, the produce of Long Gully, Tarrengower. Mr. Orr, the representative of the Murray District, in the Legislative Assembly, is about to receive a substantial token of the approval of his constituents. It is stated by the Border Post that subscriptions to the amount of £100 have been promised. Mr. Harvey, the well known manager of the Clunes Mining Company, has had a narrow escape from a frightful death. The Clunes correspondent of the Creswick Advertiser says: -" On Saturday last, Mr. Harvey, being de- sirous of communicating with some men working the main shaft, made a sign to the engine-driver not to lower the cage which had jnst been drawn up ; but it appears that owing to the sun shining directly in the engineer's face, he did not see Mr. Harvey, who, thinking all was right, stooped down for the purpose he intended. Meanwhile, the large iron cage was lowered. Mr. Harvey had just finished his instructions, and was in the act of raising himself, when he was partially struck on the head, by the descending cage, which knocked his hat off. Another moment more of delay in rising from his recumbent position, must inevitably have proved fatal to him." The President of the Board of Lands and Survey was somewhat unnecessarily badgered last night by Mr. Berry. In answer to Mr. Gillies, Mr. Heales stated that the Govern- ment proposed to prorogue Parliament on Friday next, and that it was not their inten- tion to bring in a new land bill before next session. The Ministry, during the recess, would administer the existing Land Act to the best of their ability ; and he put it to the supporters of the Government that in this matter they must have faith in the Ministry, as time had not been afforded to them to de- vise any plan which they could submit as likely to be effectual in preventing evasions of the act. In answer to Mr. Wood, Mr. Heales further said that land beyond the 10,000,000 acres would be sold by auction for pastoral as well as agricultural purposes, for financial reasons. Mr. Berry, not satisfied with the explanation, and after various vary- ing interpretations of the remarks of the Minister of Lands, gave notice that he would, this evening, submit a resolution to the effect, that no land be sold within the agricultural areas until the Land Act of 1862 is amended. A lecture, announced for delivery last Thursday evening, by Dr. Ray, on "Human Physiology," but unavoidably postponed, will be delivered this evening, at St. Mark's School-room, Fitzroy. At the Richmond Police Court, yesterday, the time of the Bench was to a great extent taken up with adjudicating on several cases brought forward by and against the district inspector of weights and measures. In two instances, the inspector appeared against R. Rullett, the lessee of the municipal weigh- bridge, for having light and insufficient weights and an incorrect balance. The weigh- bridge was examined on the 31st of last month, and found to be twenty-five pounds deficient. Since its correction and adjust- ment, in the month of May last, the lessee had found it impossible to keep the weigh- bridge to the correct standard, and brought forward evidence to show that it was liable, from various causes-such as dust or rain, to get out of order. After a patient hearing of the case, it was dismissed by the Bench, with 32s. costs as against the inspector. The next case was that of Elizabeth Doggett, a small shopkeeper, who summoned the in- spector for overcharging her 4s. 6d. for adjust- ing her weights. The evidence went to show that the weights had been already stamped as correct by the inspector, and the Bench did not hesitate to stigmatize the overcharge as an act of extortiou, and that should a similar charge be again be ought before them, they should feel bound to take steps to have him removed from his office of district inspector of weights and measures. A fine of £5 was in- flicted, with 23s. 6d. costs. The remaining business on the charge-sheet was of a compa- ratively unimportant nature. Messrs. W. Templeton, P.M., J. D. Pinnock, and P. John- son, J.Pd., were the magistrates in attend- ance. The special meeting of tho Colonial In- surance Company, which was convened for yesterday, for the purpose of confirming the resolution passed at the annual meeting in- creasing the qualification of directors from 100 to 300 shares, did not take place, owing to the absence of a quorum of shareholders. At the Emerald-hill Police Court yesterday, no less than thirty persons were summoned for allowing nuisances to exist in rights-of- way. All the cases were postponed for one month, to allow time for the grievances to be remedied. The Board of Land and Works is complain- ing, and with very good reason, of the wilful destruction of plants in Fitzroy Gardens. It has offered £3 reward for any information that may lead to the detection of the authors of the mischief, and instructed the police to enforce the regulation confining frequenters of the gardens to the paths after dusk. A civil engineer has sent us the drawings of some proposed improvements he has patented in the construction of " permanent ways for railways," by which he proposes to make a saving of £2,000 per mile. A complimentary dinner was given on Monday last, by the Bacchus Marsh troop, to Mr. J. E. Crook, the quartermaster of the Victorian Volunteer Cavalry, in return for an entertainment which he had previously given to the troop. About thirty members were present, and also several guests. The chair was taken by Mr. Thomas Brown, J.P., of Yallock-vale, who has lately been unani- mously elected captain of the troop, in the room of Mr. Greene, .T.P., resigned. The vice- chairman was Mr. Grant, senior sergeant of the troop. After dinner, the chairman pro- posed the usual loyal toasts, and gave, " The guest of the evening, Mr. Quartermaster Crook." The toast was ably responded to by the quartermaster, who, in concluding, pro- posed the "Bacchus Marsh Troop." The Supreme Court on Tuesday decided, in the case of Fawns v. Elliott, that the right of a lessee to move trade fixtures is not restricted by a term in his lease that he shall have moveables only at the end of his term. In the case of Waterfield v. Miller, the Court held that in an action on a bill of lading, where the issue is whether or not the carrier by sea was prevented from delivering in good condi- tion by " dangers of the seas," the onus lies on the carrier to prove prevention by such dangers of the seas. Yesterday, in the action of Williams v. Ross, the main question discussed was whether, on a sale by auction, the entry of a person's name, as pur- chaser of many successive lots, by putting his name at full length in the entry of the first lot, and only the word or letters, " Do.," un- der his full name in the entries of the suc- ceeding lots, is a sufficient signature on be- half of the purchaser to bind him, under the Statute of Frauds, as to the succeeding lots. As the question involves large mercantile in- terests, and a very general practice among auctioneers, the Court took time to consider judgement. We observe that the members of the V.V. Light Horse are to hold themselves in readi- ness to escort His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly to the place of his embarkation by the mail steamer for Sydney, but the exact hour has not been specified. The members of the St. Kilda Volunteer Artillery corps meet this evening, for the pur- pose of considering the new regulations, and arranging for re-enrolment. A valedictory meeting will be held at Kew, this evening, on the occasion of the Rev. Richard Connebee taking his departure for Otago. A farewell tea meeting will take place in the school-room, at half-past six o'clock; after which a public meeting will be held in the church, when several deputations will attend, and addresses will be delivered, by various ministers and gentlemen. The Rev. J. P. Sunderland, chairman of the. Con- gregational Union, will preside. The annual grand lodge meeting of the Ancient Independent Order of Oddfellows in Victoria was held on Monday evening, at the European Hotel, Swanston- street. Brother Alfred Gouldlng opened the proceedings by giving the superior degree to the brethren en- titled to receive it. The usual business was then gone through. The election of officers for the ensuing year resulted as follows: Brother J.B. Crews, J.P., as grand master; Brother John Ross (formerly of Geelong), as i deputy grand master ; Brother T. W. Wright, as grand treasurer ; and Brother A. J. Cohen, as grand secretary. Mr. Barry Sullivan's Sir John Falstaff drew another good house to the Theatre Royal last evening, and it may be said that " Henry the Fourth" will have a reign of some duration under present auspices. The company at this theatre are every night growing into the cha- racters of the tragedy, and it plays better on each succeeding representation. The humours of the " unimitated inimitable " character of the fat knight were never more vividly portrayed, and to miss the opportunity of seeing Sir John to advantage as at present, would be a mistake which the admirers of Shakspeare and the Shake- sperian drama will be sorry to have made. The "ghosts" continue to improve nightly. Last evening, one " ghost" was inverted, and stood apon its head, without any appearance of personal discomfort. The "illusion" is seen at the Royal to perfection, and is pro- duced in several lights, the one in which it should be most popular being the ludicrous view of the affair, just as the rolling eyes in the ugly monster faces projected from a "magic lantern " are the best scenes of the " galanty-show." " Bonnie Dundee " continues to draw good houses at the Haymarket Theatre, and now that repetition has given smoothness to the performance, the drama is very effectively played. The stage arrangements are excel- lent, and much of the scenery is new and good. Taken altogether, "Bonnie Dundee" will repay a visit to the theatre. 