/'GENERAL NEWS. A somewhat novel circrimstabce happened at'the theatre last night., Immediately after the rather appropriate play of the " Ticket of*Leave Man" was over, Detective Lloyd arrested- one of ?he actors, named Joshua Hay wood, on a charge of stealing a silver watch and chain from Mr Wright, of the Olive Branch Hotel, Melbourne. The prisoner had during-the evening, impersonated Mr Gibson, the bill broker, in the play mentioned. The ^prisoner will be brought up in the'Talbot Police Court te-morrdw, for the purpose of being remanded to Melbourne -Talbot Leader. The nomination for the Brarixholue Lcger -arc -Flying Roe, Mary Ann-, Guy Fawkcs, Hornpipe, and Ugly Buck. The Open Han dicap Will be contested by tue following horses,- which have been nominated for it; Magenta. Gay Lad, Melbourne, Bellona, Clive, Priests, Pyrrhus and Dundee. DAXGER OP Poisoft..-A Mrs. Lowes, residing on Bendigo Flatr owns a goat, whose milk she- has been in the habit of drinking. * Yesterday , morning, feeling ^unwell, she applied toift doctor, "whose opinion it was that she was suffering from the effects of poison. Oa examination it was found that the deleteri ous matter was in the goat's milk. The animal* |t is presumed, had fed upon some . jnatter whichhad been purposely poisoned to get 7jiii, of this nuisance. Such a case as ,this* however, should be a warning to those whi are -'int'^theVof laying poison for . goatsl-JBhdig6 Independent , TheMark Lane Eapress designates Mr J. Bdotbby " Superintendent of the Department of Agriculture* Sotith Australia." \- PRIZE WQO|-We bad an opportu nity yesterdayJof inspecting three fleeces of this season's clip the produce of two ^hatapion rams and a champion ewe, the property of J. Blairj Esq., for which prizes were awarded at the late Apsley Pastoral and; Agricuiturnl Show. One of the fleeees weighed lOlbs. This was shorn from a.4-tooth champion rain, bred by Mr "Blair on his station at Clunie, the winner of the twenty-guineas silver cup given by the . Apsley Society for the best colonial bred ram, shown at Harrow on the 19th August, this year. Another of the fleeces weighed lOlbs. lOozs., and was shorn from the. 8-tooth champion imported rain, winner of the prizes at Apsley and Harrow 1862 and 1863. Considered by competent judges the best ram ever shorn in- the Western district. The proprietor was offered - a. hundred guineas for this ram .last year. The other, fleece weighed 6fIb'B." and was shorn from a 4 tooth champion* ewe, also bred by Mr Blair on his -station at Clunie, the winner of the first prize, a twenty guineas cup, given by the Apsley Society, for the best Colonial bred ewe. Shown at Harrow 19th August 1863; We called attention some two years ago to the,importation of rams on the merits of which and their produce these prizes have been achieved. Mr Blair has been'successful in obtaining fifteen prizes, twelve money prizes and three silver cupB. The money prizes we Understand has been awarded by Mr Blair to hisfoverseera. This will act as an in centive to enterprize on their part, and the general result should the encourage: ment of all station folders to attempt similar improvement in their flocks by like* means. We believe it is the inten tion of Mr Blair to forward the three fleeces to Messrs. Goldsborough and Co., irad then present them to the Acclimatiza tion Society.-Portland Chronicle. Messrs. Good and Cussen, of Adelaide offer 15s. in the pound to their creditors, a meeting of whom was held last week. Liabilities £20,000. Burke and Wills are not likely soon to be forgotten in England. One of the latest scraps of information relative to the unfortunate explorers is that the friends andv townsmen of Wills are engaged in erecting a monument to his memory in his native town, Totness. The monument will comprise' an obelisk resting on a pedestal, with plinth and corn ice and rusticated base. The base will be 11 feet square; the whole work 33 feet high, and ft medallion of Wills is to be affixed to one face of the obelisk.- -Adelaide Chronicle. With respeCfc to the new country, we understand a great number of applications for employment have already been sent in to-the Government. ; .'The Wellington ferry continues im practicable for sheep, much to the chagrin of those parties detained there. It is said that there' are large' quantities of Bheep en route, Mr L'Estrange has had a flock of sheep at Mosquito Point com pletely cut off from the mainland by the sudden' rising of the waters of Luke ^lexandrina: It is feared they will be starved before' they can be rescued, as they ' ^l^ady^bfejv. - i jmpri sone.d.' In p on small spot' of gioiind for the last three vreeks.-Chrqti icle. . Mr ^todgkiss has been ruled to pay £50 to charities which are named, as a penalty for his recent assult upon Mr Price in Adelaide. The matter was left the arbitratiou of Messrs. C.H. Goode phd W. J. Brind. THE WAB IN NEW ZEALAND.-The Herald's special correspondent at the seat of war in.New Zealand gives a description of General Cameron's expedition in gun Jjoats to Bangiriri. The expedition, passed Meremere, reconnoitring. On its return 17 officers and 360 men of the 40th and 65th Regiments, with two guns and detachments of Royal Artillery, stores &c.;, embarked' for Bangiriri, where there . is a safe place to land. This movement is to enable the attack on Meremere to lie made simultaneously in the rear and .front. . MpEDEB. - Ellen Couroy, better known as Ellen Barrett, charged with the murder of an illegitimate child at Port land has been committed for trial. " SEBIOTJS ACCIDENT.-On Saturday last, Mr J. Kitson, senior, of Brhlgewater, was driving an empty dray, when the off whe6l came in contact with a bush, and caused the dray to upset, the shaft falling on the unfortunate gentleman. When extricated", it was found that his leg was broken. Dr. White, of Portland, was sent for, and was speedly on the spot when the bone was set. We sincerely hope that this aged, and much respected gentleman, "will speedly recover.-Port land Guardian. A A-BBI.DE AND BBIDEGBOOM in A FIX. -On Monday morning last, a young man in the employment of Messrs. Pile, Spence and Co., "West Hartlepool, led to the alter a daughter of Mr M'Millan, of her Majesty's Customs, West Hartlepool. The parents of the girl were averse to the wedding, and had uset every means in their power to prevent its consummation. The bridegroom was not to be frustrated, however. The neccessary arrangements were wade, and it appears the young man had consumed all his cash, for he had to borrow a woddiug ring before the nuptial knot could be tried, which was effected in as secret a manner as possible. Having managed so cleverly to gain the object of his heart, he was determined to celebrate the happy event by a general invitation [ among friends "lo partake of the " social cup" and its varied accompaniments. The question that naturally at once suggested itself was " how to raise the wind" to provide this festive entertainment, and a watch which the husuand had in his pos session was handed to his better half, by whom it was taken to Mr Twet^dle's pawnbroker, Hartlepool, to obtain a sov ereign on it. Mr Tvvepdle preceived the watch was one thrft he had information as having been stolen, he brought the police man and quickly had the bride elect taken to the "iock-up.."- She-told the officer her newly made husband had given her it, and when' the guests , were preparing to participate in the Nuptial festivities, one of the county policemen apprehended the " happy man." He has been remanded. Newcastle Chronicle. A RETUBN TICKET.-Jack, newly off a voyage and elevated with grog, is a queer animal. One of this class was a passeuger . the other day in a railway, carriage between Greenock and Port-Glasgow, in which was a clergyman. Jack was not at all scrupulous in his phraseology, and the [ clergyman, in a solemn tone, said that the young mail was on the road to the. devil. 'Well, it don't matter much" said Jack, ' for I've got a return ticket.' A TBUE GIIOST STOBY - Spiritual man ifestations are becoming a drug in the market. Who's afraid? Witness the following instances-A few nights ago, a . country curate was sitting in his lonely study, and as the clock upon the stairs struck the midnight hour, be became aware of a spectral presener. The clergy man, not in the least alarmed, asked the spectre "who he was" whereupon the ghost in awful tones replied, 'I am ap parisbioner!' The rev. gentleman immed iately rated him soundly, and the fearful being evidently frightened at the prospect of aa assessment, speedily vanished. Novels, ROMANCES; and TALES-f I heartily despise the idle .declamation against romances, .\rhich I so often hear. Poesy and romance are the higher and holier matters of the"intellectual world. All noble conceptions, all holy thoughts in the mind, are undoubtly connected with the qualified love and indulgence of romantic feeling. I have heard many a good soar declaim, that'lie would be glad if there was nothing of romance in the world. I? should regard him who could and would destroy the illusions of fancy and the imaginations as I would the evil genius who would destroy foliage and flowers from the trees, to give us fruit on the naked stem. A WESTEBN Obituabi* JSTOTICE. Mister Edatur-Jem Bangs, we are sorry to stait has deseized. He Departed this Life last munday. Jem was generally considereda gud fellow. He died at the age of 28 years old. He went 4th with out any struggle ; and sich is Life. Tu Day we are as pepper grass, mighty smart, tu-Morrer we are cut down like a cowcumber of the ground. Jem kept a nice stoar, which is wife now waits on. His virchews was numerous to behold Many is the things we got at his groeerry and we are happy to. state to the admirin world that he never cheeted, especially in the wate of markrel, which was nice and sweet, and his surviving wife is the same wa. "Wenever knew him to put sand in his suger, tho he had a big sand bar in front of his house; nor water in his Lickuris, tho the Ohio KivCr runs past his dore. Pece to his remains. He leves a wife, 8 children, a Cow, 4 horses, a grocery stoar, and quadrupets, to mourn his loss; but in the spr.Lendid langwidge ofthepoit his loss is their eternal gane.-American paper. One Reason ATnEraMi-M r J. Boofdington, jfri Atheis tic lecturer, and the late editor' of the Propagandist, has embraced Christianity. In a lecture, giving his reasons lor the change, he stated that in the month of Sept. last he went on a lecturing expedi tion in Scotland. The first place at which he held forth was Glasgow. There he saw the churches all crowded on Sun days, and even on week days when there was services in them, and it vstruck him as strange that he, as the apostle of infidelity was obliged to hide his head in a small room not capable of containing more than ; one hundred people, in a back street, and even .there had but a thin attendance. From Glasgow he went to Greenock, and there the case was worse. All the. infidels he could muster were some half dozen working men! - He could not get a printer to print his bills announcing his meetings, nor a bill poster to paste them up. They were accordingly printed, at Paialev, twelve miles off, but they were: of little use, for no one came to hear his lectures, and he began seriously to reflect that playing the infidel prophet was something.very like playing the fool. On coming, back to England these reflections took a practical effect, and after much consideration God revealed to him, he saw the errors of the course he. had been pur suing. He warned young men who, like himself, might be led away by the state ments of infidel writers, to weigh them well before tbey embraced them. A CoNFJEDEltATE SKETCH OF PBESI DEXT LINCOLN.--Abraham Lncoln is a mail above the medium height. He passes the (six foot mark hy an inch or two. . t f e is a raw boned, sh.unble-gaited, bow-legged,- knock-kneed, pigeon- toed, swob-sided, a shapeless skeleton, in a very tough, very dirty unwholesome skin. His hair is or was black and shaggy, his eyes dark and fireless, like a coal grate in winter time. ITis lips are large and pro trude beyond the mitral level of the face, but are pale and smeared with tobacco juice. His teeth are filthy. In our juvenile dayB we were struck with Virgil's description of our ferrymen who rode the disembodied souls of men over the river of Death. Lincolu if our memory fails us not, must be a near kinsman of that official of the other world. At all events they look alike, and, if a relationship be claimed when Abraham reaches the ferry, he will be able, we do not doubt, to go over free of toll. In the next place his voice is coarse, untutored, harsh-the voice of one who has no intellect and less mortal nature. His manners are low in the extreme, and where his talk is not obscene, it is senseless. In a word, Lincoln, oprn and bred a rail-splitter, is a rail-splitter still. Bottom, the'weaver, was not more'out of the place in the lap of Titenian than he on the throne of the ex republic. And this is the man who* in capable of a stronger and higher inspira tion than that of revenge, aspires to be master of the South, as he is of the slavif h North. This is the man who bids armies rise and fight, and commands and dis misses generals at will. This is the man who proclaims (as such could only do) the equality of the races, black and white. This is the. man w*ho in cities servile in surrection, ordains plunder, and encour ages rapines. This is the man who trembles not at the horrible butchery which Heaven will eall h m to answer for, yet quakes like an aspen at the approach of peril to his own poor carcase. This is the man, in fine, who.has been selected by the powers of evil as the only fit represen tative in all America to do such dark deeds as the dark ages only know-deeds which civilisation blushes to record, and men in other lands refuse to credit. Kneel down and kiss his royal feet, men of the South.-Chattanooga Rebel. 