SCIENTIFIC DISCOURSE. BT PROFESSOR JULIOS CESAR HANKIBAI» (From ¡he American Scrap-Boole.) I SUSPECTED TÍRENS,-Yon will find de subj ¡ok on whieh I 'speot to snbstrftot my exasperations dis ebenin, a rannin round enny ob de barn yards in do kedentry nod in de ooops around do markets. He am sometimes called de "cock" by people who «all tints by dero right names, bat dose who pride demseffe on bein extra, perlite, oall him De reason, I 'speck, why dey call him dat, am bekaee he will roost wid de hens, nites. De rooster am de he hen, and aldo he lays no eggB, nor hatches no chiokens, ennybody woo a tink by seem'mm strut round the barnyard, dat he lay all de eggs and brought all de chickens. He does he beat to make you link dat he does it all, for no sooner does a hen drop an egg dan he sets up as loud n cacklin as de hen herself, in order to pull de wool ober de eyes ob ns silly fellers, and make us belebe he done it, when he am no more capablo ob Join' the same dan I au. Bow muon like sum lazy husbands in dis congregation, I cood menshun, who let dere wives do all the work, and take oare ob de family while day do all de cacklin. fust time. I bah S9en de pollytisbun de day after he was 'leoted Alderman. I bab seen him agin de fast day he ent rad Congress. J bab seen de new reorate on he fast parade in de milishus-I hab seen a darkey in a new brass buttoned green coat, and a onllard lady in a new yeller calico froolr, but I nobber seed ennyting nor ennybody so killin' jxropimna and prowd as do old dunghill rooster when he wakes he brood at a«jiiKki :" »,ije mornin wid his shrill tramp, and marches dem off (o de serotonin- groan.), ttnd j wu bo to de strange rooster dat chances to make a call en he nobor. Talk ob fusi and fodders.-data de time to>see him in nil be glory, as he walks sideways ' wid one wing down (so as to hide ho long spurs), and he hed strate outaforehim, op to de étranger and Ribs him a croak side ho bed for «he imperence. Bf de odder rooster am game, den a regaler Cte pursues, and one or de odder sets np a cowin' loud 'naff to wake de darkey cook to pat os de coffee-pot-den do licked rooster runs home wid he comb ont, foolosofysin' on do foolishness oh takiu' airly momio' walks abroad. Dere am notin' on airth that fites more wlokedly than two game roosters. Dey will lite tilt one am ded and de odder two weak two flap he wing or crow-and I belebe it was on some sich 'casion as dis dat Brudder Chapman was politely 'quested to crow fur him. Take de rooster in ho marriage relations, or in he single blessedness, and he am about ns eelf-satisfiedand pomptious as a monkey in a red frook, wid de moaf full ob oheanufs, and a box of sugar oraokers widin he reach. Wid dose re fleoshnnB, we luff him slide dis ebenin' promiain' to take him up agin at some previous 'caBhun, if ha long spurs will luff me handle him better den 1 hab diiebenis.' Joe Bone will pleese pass 'round the sasser, and when a mah puts him oft wid a free cent piece, luff him oak for de odder free cents belonging to the sixpence. I wont hab dem freoconts nook ed doun on mo no more. DB BOOSTER ! CotiíN CTJLTIVATIOH IN THE YASB DIÍTBIOI. Mr. George Lawson, who resides contiguous to YSBS, in. fórmeos that tbe few cotton plantB on his lend wbich have esoaped destruction from grab and blaok ant, have blossomed, and that stioaeeding the bloBsom the oolton pod bas appeared. Mr. Lawson has not used any artifi- cial moans, but baa, to nae a homely phrase, left the plant to shift for itsel'. We shall be glad to see tome of these bolls, es well as others prodaoed in the Southern distrlotp. Mr. Culvert's (Cavana ootton plants, which we regret to beer ore few. are just blossoming. Seeds sown in a batch of gr und in Dutton, street, in Yass, have resu't^d variously; Three hinds have boon tested, and the Ssa Itland apprars to bo tbe hardiest plants It bears a pale pink blossom; the New Orleans, a white blossom. The extrrme' lergtb to whiob any of the plantB hos reaohed is two fett six inoheF. Even those that bave already blossomed exhibit at present no appearance of podding. The seeds were sown at two different times in October, They were of the first parcels procured by Mr. O'Brien. Some of the most successful plantB, so for as em ot prosent bs judged, are those from Wbich tbe surrounding oolton fibres wcro not separated* The Boil is of a poor, loamy oharooter, with a deep sub- stratum of day, favourable in some respects for many kinds of or ops; but it remoinB to be Been whether suit- able for ootton cultivation: The seeds were put in in some ooseB SB maize is planted. No billing has been resorted to, and only a patch of the plants was occasion- ally watered in the month of Deoember. Those that were afforded the artificial moistnre appear to thrive the best. Tbe- result of this small experiment will be closely watched.-Ya.» Courier, February 14, TUE FOBEIQN OLÖ,GENTLEMAN.-Your little old men abroad live, when they ere to be found extant at all, to a prodigious age. They, seem to bo subject to tba same mummifying influences as tho bodies ol edd the monks in Sicily. They grow very yol.ow, vtry withered, their bones seem to crook os they walk, bat they don't die. Take my' friend Eetremidura, for instance. I- have known Senor Ranon do Estremadara ever since I can remember the knowledgo of tsytbiog. That Hidalgo knew my pipa, and he bas been dead five.and.tbirty yearr. Estremadura was so old when I was a ohild that the nurses used to (righten mo with|bim. I met him off and on in every oapitel in Europe. Only thia summer, drinking tea with oertaia friends, there ooma a brisk though tremulous doable knock at the door. " Eoonlez," cried the lady of the bouse, " that surely ls Estremodur'B bnosk." Estremadura I There was a cry of derisive atlKttüiéú-. ? X3-«yW.Jj. -B-J «tia» Uxr b»4 V.«- J mm A ten years. Somebody had seen on aooount of bis funeral tn the newspapers. Bat the dcor opened, end Estre- madura made his oppearonoe. He was tbe same as ever. The same yellow face, blaok bead-like eyes, innumerable wrinkles, and fixed grin; the same straw bat, grass-green co»t, white trousers, and big Blick-his unvarying oostume even since I have known bim. " How you do ?" was bis salutation to me. " Ver well|Bince> I sow you lasse ?" 1 had not seen bim for fifteen yeera. He ooattcd, and talked, and drank tea. He was Biked whence he bad come ? From Rome. Whither be waa going? To Stockholm. He was obarming: yet we could not help feollng, all of ns, that we were sitting in tbe presenoe of a laootlons phantom -of a joonlar ghost. It waa rather a relief wben bo skipped away, and was seen no more. I wonder whetbor ha will turn up again. It is olear that Estremadura 1B 00, if .he be a day old; yet I dare say be will read the aooount of my death, if anytody takes the trouble to advertise that fact lin the newspapers, and say, " Aba 1 and BO be die. Eh I I knew his good papa ver well,-All the Year Bound, 