THE THEATRES. royal princess's. " Astragalus, tho King of the Alps, lias at least tlio msrit of boing a novelty at this parti cular juncture of theatrical affairs. It is unlike anything wo havo bad for somo timo. It is ncithor tho pure sensational, tlio unmixod melo- dramatic, tlio absoluto fairy, nor in any senso tho legitimato. It is neither comedy, tragody, farco, vondorillo, play domestic, nor " poem unlimitod." It combines tho extravngnnco of low comedy, tlio romance of thrilling story, tlio impossible, the supernatural, tho lyrio and tho tcrpsichoroan, with a spico of tho grotesque by way of condiment to the wholo. Moreover it is a play with a moral, and tlio lesson it incul cates is the obligation of not giving way to infirmity of temper. It is in tho truest senso a revival, for though many persons havo never board of it before, it lias bad an oxiBtonco this many a day, and was in its timo not ono of tho least successful of its kind. Epito mised, it may be describod as tlio etory of a bad tempered man, wlio makes ovcrybody about him miserable, and who- mokes himself miscrablo too, nB is the wont witli ill-tompored folk, and who, having retired to tho recesses of a forest to induigo liis misanthropy, is con fronted by a doubtful sort of personage known as tho King of the Alps, who causes him to undergo a Bort of motampsycliosis, by which ho is enablod to see his own follies in tho person of somebody else, and forthwith ho repents him of his wickedness. Tliore is a charming defianoo of probability all the way through, and it is only necessary for the spec tator to abandon himBclf to the belief that it is not obligatory for anything to bo cither con sistent or in nccordanco with what is likely of ocourronee, but to take ovorytliing as existing undor conditions of its own kind, and ho may dcriro plenty of satisfaction of a certain sort from such n play as this. It will thus BCcm nothing extraordinary that the misanthrope should pass from the society of his wife, daughter, and servants into that of fairies, ghosts, and enchanters, nor Unit an individual with whom he has just been in philosophic conversation should iuconiiuoutly raiEO n storm of thunder and lightning, knock down his houso, and get up an inundation in tho space of about threo minutes. There is the same delightful vagueness and confusion tliut some times occur in dreams. Air Fawcott was vory amusing as tho irascible man, whom nobody but tlio King of the Alps can tame. Mis Roso Edouin, as a picturesquo paysanne, hav ing a vivid consciousness of lior own charms and a terrible apprehension that the King of tho Alps lmd tho power to transform them into ugliness, was piquant and diverting ; and her sister was tlio lightest and most graceful littlo fairy that over tripped across rocks and rivers. Tho ollior parts were also fairly sus tained by thoir sororal representatives. 