A DBEADFUL GHOST. £ (OOHOMI0M XBOH OCX U.ST.) Bran the chair which it sat npon—-which X how pet«ei&2 T 4o b4 th* efcact copy of one that stood empty on the other aide of the fire, pat a curious tetflfy to the whole. By and by, my wife and X, both held our eaths—for, from (inordinary oil painting, the likeness had undoubtedly become a life-like figure, or statue, sitting in an alcove, the form of which was made by the fipaw«f the picture. And yet the family took no notice: but appeared as if, whether or not they were conscious of the remarkable thing that was happening, it did not disturb them in the kut: was nothing at all alarming or peon* liar, or out of the tenor of their daily life. No, not even when, on returning with a book that I had 'gone to fetch from the shelves st the farther end of the room, my poor little wife caught my hand in speech- Jess awe—awe, rather than fear—and pointed to the hitherto empty chair by the fire-side, \- It wss empty no longei. There, sitting in the self-same attitude as the portrait; identical with it in shape, countenanoe, and dress—was a figure. That it was a human figure I dare not say, and yet it looked like one. There was nothing ghastly or oorpselike about it, though it was motioiuess, passionless: endowed as it were with that givioe calm which Wordsworth ascribes to Trotesilaus: El/«i»n beauty, metincholj gtace, ' Brought fatjm a pomire though a h»ppj pUce. Yet there was an air tenderly, pathetically-human in the folding of the hands on the-knees, as a man does when he comes and sits downs by his own fireside, with his family round him: and in the that fcllowed, one after the other, each of this family, who now quietly put away their several occupations, and rose. But none of them showed any terror— not the slightest. The presence at the hearth was evidently quite familiar—awaking na shudder of repulsion, no outburst of; renewed grief. The eldest daughter said—in a tone as natural as if she were merely apologising to us heterodox or indifferent strangers for some -domestic ceremonial, some peculiar form of family prayer, for instance— "I am sure our guests will excuse m if we continue, just as if we were alone, our usual evening duties. Which of us is to speak to papa to-night ?" -It was hwi then: summoned back, how or why, or in What form, corporeal or incorporeal, I knew not, and they gave no explanation. They evidently thought none was needed: that the whole proceeding was as natural as a man coming home at evening to his own hearth, and being received by his wife and children with affectionate familiarity. The widow and the youngest daughter placed themselves one on ea»-h side of the figure in the chair. They did not embrace it-ortouch it, but regarded it with tender reverence, in which was mingled a certain sadness; but that was all. And then they began to talk to^trla imperfectly composed and matter-of-fset 4r*y; as people would talk to a beloved member of a family, who had been absent for a dsy or longer from the home circle. The daughter told how she had been shopping in town; how she had bought a shawl and a bonnet "of the colour that papa used to like;" the books she had brought home from the library, and her opinion of them; the people she had met in the street, and the letters she had received during the day: in short, all the pleasant little chit-chat that a daughter would naturally pour out to an affectionately-interested living father; but which now sounded so unnatural, so contemptibly small, such a mixture of the ludicrous and the horrible, that one's common sense, and one's sense of the solemn unseen alike recoiled. No answer came: apparently none was expected. The figure maintained its place, never altering that gentle smile—reminding one of the spectral Samnel'B rebuke to the Witch of Eudor—" Why hast thou disquieted me, to bring me up?" or of that superior calm with which, after death, we may view all these petty things which so perplexed us once, in ourselves and in those about us. Then the widow took up the tale, with a regretful under-tone of complaint running through it. She told him how dull she had been all day; how in the preparations for these strangers (meaning my wife and me —how we shivered as the eyes of the figure moved and rested on us!) she had found various old letters of his, which vividly revived their happy wedlock days; how yesterday one of his former patients died, and to-day a professorship, which he meant to have tried for, had been given to a gentleman, a favourite pupil; how his old friends, Mr. A and Sir B. C- , had had a quarrel, and everybody aaid it would never have happened had the Doctor been dive —and so on, and so on. To .all of which the figure listened with its immovable silence j its settled, changelea smile. My wife and I ottered not a word. We sat apart, spell-bound, fascinated, neither attempting to interfere, nor question, nor rebuke. The whole proceeding was so entirely beyond the pals of rational cause and effect, thst it seemed to throw us into a perfectly abnormal condition, m which we were nnable to judge, or investigate, or escape from, the circumatanoea which surrounded us. We know nothing—absolutely nc —except the VBry little that Revelation hints at, rather than direcQyteacbes, i, world beyond the grave. But any one of us who has ever seen* fallow-creature die, has watched the exact instant when the awful change takes place which convert* the body with a soul to the corpse without a aoul, must feel certain—convinced by an intuition which is stronger than all reasoning—that if the Ufa taftnd, to which that soul departs, b« uytmiui, or worth anything, it must oe a very mfTerent life from this; with qnWw tspjnltioni, higher duties, >unr affections. 3he common phrase jreathed over eo»*ay a peaceful dead face, " X b w k again itX could," bis *,fjgnmcana^ Insmtotire ai true} truer titan ,*!! .misty, philosophical speculations, tenderer Asa «] | the vagaries of fond •puitnalis^'wMi big hearts and ho worth Sa^tfo;line. u ever I had doubted this. tny 'doubt* would have been dfy&ajigbtshioh; Iheredepiet^of this good, amiable, deeply beloved hus- ^nd^^fkthet^-*ettaiHig in viiible form yet coihmiiniclp^ng a aetue of revolting incongrmty, utter unsanctity, and ridiculoua, degrading oontnwt between mortal and immortal, spiritinthe flesh, *nd spirit out of the flesh, stronger than X can attempt to describe- That the dead man's family did not feel this, hating become so familiar with their nightly nectomancy that it* ghastliness never struck them, and its ludicrous profanity neTer jaired upon their intellect or affections, only made the fact more horrible. For a time, long or short I cannot tell, my wife and I sat witnessing, like people bound in a nightmare dream, this mockery of mockeries, the attempt at restoring the sweet familiar relations of the living with the living, between the living and the dead. How many days or months it had lasted, or what result was expected from it, we never inquired; nor did we attempt to join in it •. we merely looked on. '' Will papa ever «pe»k ?" entreated one of the daughters; but there was no reply. The Figure sat passive in its chair—unable dr unwilling to break the silent barrier which divides the two worlds, maintaining still ^ that benign and tender smile, but keeping its mystery unbroken, its problem unsolved. And now my wife, whose dear little face was, I saw, growing white and convulsed minute by minute, whispered to me -. Charles, I can bear this no longer. Make some excuse to them—we will not hart their feelings. Don't let them think we are frightened, or disgusted, or the like ; but we must go—I shall go mad if I do not." And the half-insane look which I have seen in more than one of the pseudospiritnalists of the present day—people who twenty years ago would have been sent to Bedlam, but now are only set down as " rafter peculiar," rose in those dear, soft, sensible eyes, which have warmed and calmed my restless heart and unquiet brain for more than fifteen years. I took advantage of the next pause in the _ " communications," or whatever the family called them, to suggest that my wife and I were very weary, and. anxious to retire to rest " Certainly," politely e&id; the eldest daughter. "Papa, Mr. and Mrs. naming our nanus, "have had a long railw^journey, and wish to bid us all good- The appearance bent upon us—my wife and me—-its most benevolent, gentle aspect, apparently acquiescing in our retiring; and slowly rose as if to bid good- night—like any other courteous host. Now in his life-time, no one had had a warmer, more devoted admiration for this learned aud loveable man than I. More than once I had travelled many miles for the merest chance of seeing him, and when he died my regret st never having known him personally, never having even beheld his face, was mingled with the grief which I, in common with all his compatriots, felt at losing him so suddenly, with his fame at its zenith, his labours apparently only half done. But here, set fac* to face with this image or phantasm, or whatever it was, of the man whom living I bad so honoured—I felt no delight; nay, the cold clearness of that ease seemed to shoot through me with a chifl of horror. When, going round the circle, I shook hands with the widow and daughters, one after the other, I paused before that chair; I attempted to pass it by. Beaolutely I looked another way, as if trying to make believe I saw nothing there; but it was in vain. For the Figure advanced noiselessly, with that air of irresistibly charming, dignified courtesy of the old school, for which, everybody aaid, the Doctor had been so remarkable. It extended its hand—a hand which a year ago I would have travelled five hundred miles to grasp. Now, I shrank from it—I loathed it. In vain. It came nearer. It touched mine with a soft, odd, unearthly touch. I could endure no longer. I shrieked out; and my wife woke me from what was, thank Heaven, only a dream. * t « * # " Yea, it was indeed a Dreadful Ghost," said that excellent woman, when she bad heard my whole story, and we had again composed ourselves as sole occupants of the railway carriage which was conveying us through the dead of night to visit that identical family whom I had been dreaming about—whom, as stated, we had never seen. " Let u^ be thankful, Charles, that it was a mere fantasy of your over-excited imagination—that the dear old Doctor sleeps peacefully in his quiet grave; and that his affectionate family have never summoned him, soul or body, to sit of nights by their uncanny fire- aide, as you so horribly describe. What a blessing thst such things csnnot be." " Ah," replied I—" though, as Imlac Bays in " Rasselaa," " that the dead cannot return, I will not undertake to prove ;" still, I think it in the hightest degree improbable. Their work here iB done; they are translated to a higher sphere of being ; they may still see us, love us, watch over us; but they belong to us no more. Mary, when I leave you, remember I don't wish ever to be brought back again; to come rapping on tables and knocking about chairs; deliveringridiculoui messages to deluded inquirers, and altogether comporting myself in a manner mat proves, great fool as I may have bean in the body, I must be a still greater fool out of it. " And, Charles," aaid the little woman, creeping up to me with tears in her eyes, "if.I must lose you—dearly as I love you —I would rather bury you under the as and in my heart; bury you, and never see you again till we meet in the worldto come, than I would have you revisiting your old fire-side after the fashion of this Dreadful Ghost." 8at> OAVASTBORBA AT EFSOM Yesterday afternoon,» boy abont ten yean of ue, son of Wr. Brown, the Catholic schoolmaster at Epsom, *»t w«h a younger sitter to draw water from ediffier* shaft, about lixty feet deep, at the rear of the house, and while landing the bucket be from some cause fell baekwanl* down the •haft, the backet following him down. The wsto-inibe shstt was attbe time twenty feet eep. As soon as possible after the alarm wii iven, Mr. Walter, of the White Hills, went ^own Mid tried to grapple the body, and while down tbe shaft a laige quantity of sandy earth from the top of an old drive, or from the side of <he hole, fell So, and so doubt covered the body and kept it down. Finding he oould do no p»d with such a body ol water in the hole, Mr. Walter came up, Mid a body of men eoer- «tfcatly set to work to bail out the hole, and thai gave an opportunity to find the body. By abont 8 o'clock they bad succeeded in getting tbe water down to three fleet, snd would no doubt In aAcH tiue be able to get oat the body of tbe poor little fellow. The anguish of the bertaved parents can be easier imagined than described.— M l » diixrtuer, l &th; Feb. 