AN AUSTRALIAN WAKE. The case of Rj-an ngainst a 'man rejoicing in the unusual name of Abel Death ww of this extraordi nary character. The reader may start— as at first I own I did— when I found I had to deal with such a bill of particulars as tho following item3, Which disclosed that a man was summoned before me to pay for spirits drunk at his own wake, and thnt the wakod man stood on the floor before me as defend ant! Tho bill was of this character: — 'Abel Death, ' farmer, debtor to Philip Ryan, publican. For sundry spiritnous liquors furnished for tho wake of Abel Death, and drank thereat, £3 10s; six pounds of tobacco, pipes, and cigars, ±3 ; total, *t- ius.' Xiie facts of the above case wore these : — Death, tho de fendant, came homo one day, and was suddenly seized with a violent attack of delirium trement. Mrs Death became alarmed, and sent for the doctor, au ex-convict, residing at the neigh boring town seven miles off. The doctor was qnieklyin attendance, and on inspection of the patient declared the case to be hopeless. He pro nounced it to present a complication of maladies beyond his medicinal skill to cure. It exhibited, lie said, manifestations of sanguineous apoplexy, com bined with half-a-dozen other incurable symptoms, not one word of which Mrs Death understood. However, it was enough for Sirs Death to know that her Death must die that evening ; and the doctor advisod that the best thing that could bu done was to allow him to die in peace. For this purpose he recommended the patient should be re moved to a barn or outhouso, and there laid upon a bed nntil the vital spark had iled. Ho was ac cordingly removed ; and Mrs Death, desirous that every honor after tho fashion of her country (Ireland to wit) should bo paid to her Death, told the doctor there should bo a 'fine wake' that night. To this the doctor assented, and moreover accepted an iuvitation to form one of the party to attend tha wake. As it would have taken some time to go to town and purchase tho 'funeral bakemeats,' or rather the funeral beverages, Mrs Death prevailed upon the doctor to write an order to a publican in town to furnish suitable supplies as specified in the above bill of particulars. With this requisition the doctor complied, and towards evening the messenger came back with the goods as ordered. A ha3ty visit to the patient found him motionless, with liis eyos closed, — symptoms, as the doctor said, that usually precede the calamitous event at haud. It was agreed amongst tho party — consisting of Mrs Death, the doctor, and four or fivo convict-servants in Death's employ — that tho presence of Death should bo dispensed with, and that they should wako him by proxy. Accordingly, a bed W49 placed in the room of tho houso in which they assembled, on which Death's body was supposed to be placed as ' a pleasure of tho imagi nation.' The other parts of the ceremony were complied with strictly. The tobacco pipes nnd .spirit bottles wero in constant requisition through out the night, and the intemporate carousal lasted until morning. By that time the party fell asleep, and by that time ulso Death redivivus was restored to his senses. He had a sound sleep ; the sudden and severe attack of delirium trcmens which lie had provoked by three days' booze at a neighbor's house abated, and he was soon ' himself again.' Ho got up, and on' entering his house was astonished at the display of bottles before him, and not less so by the number of sleep ing partners in his establishment. They woke np, and were at first inclined to take him for a ghost, as they had looked upon the doctor as an in fallible prophet, whose prediction of Death's death that night was sure to be verified. Ho was deter mined, however, to convince them that it was no ghost, but Death himself. He seized tho poker, for offence or defence, as the exigency of the occasion might require, and soon brought the whole party to their bearings. On these facts being 2-roved with as much gravity as the nature of the case admitted, I dismissed the claim aguinst Death, ndding, to the plaintiffs inquiry, ' who was to pay for tho liquor ?' ' I suppose the party who ordered it.' ' On this hint he spake.' Six months after wards, in the same circuit town, the doctor figured as the defendant at the suit of tho same plaintiff for the same items. The doctor's defence was that ho only obeyed tho bidding of Mrs Death in writing the order ; but I held that, though C doctor was protected as to any medical prescrip tion ho might write, yot he had no authority to drench Mrs Death and all Death's men (the doctor inclusively) at his patient's expense and spirits. Ac cordingly, I made him pay the bill. The only honest claim he had upon his patient was for rendering him tho service of leaving him alone. — lieminiscences of Thirty Years' Jicsidence in New South IVules and Victoria. By 11. 'Iherry, JEsq. Emigration of Stalwart Irishmen. — For some time past it has been observed that from this port and also from Cork there has been a considerable, or rather, indeed, a large emigration of strong activo joung men, chiefly Irish, for New York. Tho ex tent to which this draft has been, and still is carried, gives rise to snspicion that these young men are in reality recruits for the Federal army. Tliis suspi cion is further countenanced by the well-known fact that for a long time past agents of the Federal Go vernment have been at work in Ireland, endeavoring surreptitiously to obtain recruits, for whom, it is well known, a large bounty is obtainable immediately on their arrival in New York, whence they are at once drafted off to join tho army. The Federal Go vernment makes so much noise about our alleged as sistance to the Confederates that it would bo as well their own proceedings were watched more closely. Wo believe the Government is in possession of facts ?confirmatory of the rumor respecting tho movements of Federal agents in Ireland. Died op Starvation.— One of those horrible cases which make good men blush for being com fortable, occurred in London on Sunday last. On that day Sarah Jarvis, an old woman of 67, died of starvation. It appeared at the inquest that she and her dnughter were sempstresses, earning between them 3s n week, by making shirts at ljd each. They had, besides, Is Cd a week from the parish and two loaves of bread, and 9d a week from a married daughter; but out of the total they had to pay Is 9d for rent, leaving 3s Cd for fire, light, food, and clothing. They refused to go into the workhouse, and tho authorities (Shoreditch) refused to give anymore unless they did go; so the mother gave way and died of insufficient food. In the workhouse the two could not have been fed for less than a shilling a day ; yet tho parish would not give sixpence to keep them alive ontside. These guar dians seem to forget that, in a country where the soil is the property of a few, the poor-rate is a com pensation as well as a charitable allowance. — Spectator. Sewaoe and Profit. — One of the most conclusive experiments recorded in tho evidence given before the Select Committee on the Sewage of towns is that of Mr Philip Sldiiner Miles, of King's Weston, au( old gloomy house thnt once belonged to the Lords do Clifford, and built by the cumbrous genius of Yaubrugh. Tho architect, however, lived in tho days before houso drainage was discovered, und the re sult was that tho sewage of the mansion trickled down the aide of the road which led to it. This aisgnsting nuisance was not only very offensive jo the sight, but in hot weather was very offensive to the nose, and the work of drainage became one of necessity. But Mr Miles did not content himself with building an expensive drain, but, following the ead of Mr Alderman Mechi, he determined to col lect tho sewage of his house, containing 30 persons, together with tho rainfall, into a closod tank con taining about 7000 gallons, which he ventilated by* a pipe running up tho chimney, which effectually wok away nil smell. The sewage was conducted by Pjpos to about 12 acres of grass and to two acres of ploughed luud, and distributed by means of a gutta percha hose. Tho result is that these fields have been improved in valuo from 55s an acre |° £5 10s, while the produce has been immensely increased. Two crops n year so thick that they cannot stand up, and the crop is always good if the season be wet or dry. This ?swaged grass, moreover, comes in full a month earlier than ordinary grass, thus giving that 'early 'to. the advantage of which all fanners so well niw ; moreover, the herbage is full and thick to the -\na of November. The cattle nre ravenous after the «cn succulent herbage thus produced, and will eat it unmeumtely the dressing has been applied, and Mr wiles tells us that tho dairymaids cannot account for wo great increase of the cream which has taken place »mce the experiment has boon in operation. This j19 Tery like a transformation scene one sees in a Pantomime rather thuu reality. The foul nnd filthy 'ie,_at fairy's touch, becomes changed to a smiling 'p- -v; the milkmaids are overpowered by tho.ilow ''cream, and the land is burdened with its crops; the mock gets rapidly fat, and tho turnips grow so quickly '3 to get without the reach of tho ' fly.' Tho good ?jury and tho appliances, in this case, consists of an ,„ toaa who can dress the whole of the fiolds in the k'e of the day-; and the machineryis comprisod ».-(K T^' a sma11 conducting pipe, and a hydrant *?« » flexible gutta-percUa hose.— Once a Week. 