SYDNEY SUMMARY. (From cur correspondent.) Monday afternoon. The meeting of Parliament to-morrow is looked forward to with no little interest, and especially on the part of. the expectants, A very large and exceedingly credulous section of the community seem to have mode up their minds that what Dr. Lang called ' the Foreter sham' is to be retired again— that the crotchetty one is to bo again called upon to drive the State coach. I do not beliero anything of the kind. Tlie conduct of Mr. Forster, when for a time lie was Premier, must have left too strong an impression of disgust to render his jiRsumniinn nf t]mt-. nnnfc nt*. nil nrobnble. He was merely the flunkey of the Conserratire^membcrs, holding office entirely by the sufferance of a party to whom he pretended to be opposed iu politics. I verily believe that a Government composed of such men as Mr. E. Deae Thomson, Mr. Macleayj &c.;, would bo for more acceptable, because infinitely more respectable, politically, than the ITorstersham. No. That there will be a ministerial crisis I have no doubt whatever, but Foratcr will not be found floating on the top when it is all over. Mr. Cowper is quiet, calm, and apparently self-reliant. I fancy that liis course has long, been carclully considered, and is now fully decided upon. We shall Jiavs a great contest presently — the question at issue being whether we are, like John Brown's ghost, to keep 'marching on,' or to 'advance backwards.' The honorable and illustrious Jack has returned from his tour, verdant with laurels. If lie has pluck enough there will be a fine chance for him (o be come tho head and leader of thu liberal party, but I doubt his stnininn, nnd if lie jibs he will be thrown overboard. However, we must wait' and Bee.t '? An angry correspondence is published in the Herald, between two great Australian notabilities, Sir D. Cooper and Sir S. A. Donaldson. It seems that, some months ago, the Empire newspaper pub lished extracts from a letter of Sir Dnniel Cooper's, in which the latter Imd accused Donaldson ana others of favouring the proposed resumption of transportation to Australia. When Sir S. Donald son saw this he immediately called upon Cooper for an explanation, and Sir Daniel, while plainly thinking (hat the publication of his letter was a breach of confidence, yet did not deny it, but sought to justify it. Donaldson, in response, utterly denies the truth of the charge ; and I must say that the little baronet seems to have by far the worst of it. For instance, he justifies his charge by quoting certain conduct of Donaldson's at a meeting of the 'Australian Association' in London, but Donald son shows that this meeting did not take place until nearly a month after Sir Daniel Cooper's letter was despatched to. his correspondent. Sir CliBrles Nicholson's name also appears in the matter, - 1 fear that the men of the London clubs will not form a very exalted opinion of Sotany Bay knights and baronets from this correspondence. Poor old Wentworth has lost his great action. It was brought substantially on the ground that, in disposing ot certain pastoral property at Liverpool Plains his agent consulted the interest of No. 1 rather than that of his principal ; but tho Bolls Court has decided against the plaintiff, who will hove to pay costs. This adverse decision, there is reason to believe, will be a very serious business for Mr. Wentworth. Dan-all's election by a majority of 6ve only over Hamilton, the bumpology man, lias caused some surprise. The fact is, however, that constituencies have a good deal of pride and jealousy, and much solicitation and repeated meetings bave a great deal of influence over them. Hamilton was first in the field, and neglected nothing to insure success, while Dorvall came in at the heel of the hunt, with something like a veni vidi viei air. Hence hb small majority. Britannia mettle is about to be tried upon Japan wara The British Minister lias demanded ample satisfaction for tho murders and outrages recently perpetrated by the Japanese, and the British fleet stands by to enforce it. In all probability the next news will tell of a bombardment. We have intelligence from New Zealand of some thing a little more lively than General Pratt's sipping and mining works. A considerable force or our troops had attacked the Maories in a pah on the Tatnnamnka block, aud driven them off, as.: . - - ' with a loss of about twenty-five killed and many H others wounded. ?? »? The Queen's assent has been given, in tiio-moste . '- ' ? unconditional manner, to the State Aid Abolitions ' . B Act ? . ft David White, Esq., P.K., whorl believe, claims* ? ^i, the diBtingmshed honour of beiag obampion of the* d«L light weights, has preferred a practical claim to be- ~JM considered' also champion of the light fingers. He- B ,has been committed to take his trial for a garotte- C robbery here. ThiB may interfere with his proposed R arrangements with Mr. Sullivam ^K Gilbert and Co. are carrying all before them. ?? They are now possessed of four race-horses! By K the bye, the following, from Saturday's Bell's Life,. K is not so bad :r— B. THE WEDDDT MOUNTAIN EACES. i j 