TIIE RUSSIAN GHOST OF LIBERTY. Though not given to superstition, we are ready to own that ours is an age of phantoms. In the absence of anything substantial of a new or startling kind, in politics <ir religion, shadows are invoked of every form, and select companies arc gathered together, ill public or in private, to gape nnd (o believe. Loo tables give out spontaneous raps of warning ; the wax-lights are put out; nnd the Dowager Lady Fiddlefaddlc and the Hon. Mr. Addlepate vow that they feel as if they saw Mr. Hocus, the spiritualist, floating round the ceiling of the room, with a heavenly expression and his coat-tails pendent. Imperial council-tables likewise groan nnd squeak. mysteriously ; a Kaiser or a Czar is about, it is said, to do a little floating in the dark j and thereupon, amid thruminings of the rational hymn and mild salvoes of nrtillery. an Iniptrial impostor is said to rise superior to earth nnd time, and to soar over the heads of those about him in the supernatural folds of something tike a Constitution. It is not a Constitution, indeed ; not a bit of it j and if the rulers of phantasmagoria permitted a closer examination, the phantasmal resemblance would uo doubt quickly disappear. A Constitution, as all sane people know, is something substantial, not shadowy,—a reality' not a sham, a solid good, ns far as it goes, not a mocking vapour,- a practical truth, not a cheating lie. Most Constitutions worth speaking of have taken many able workmen and much labour to fabricate. So slow, indeed, has ordinarily been tlie process, that Sir J. Mackintosh and other philosophers arc of opinion that the best species of Constitution isthatwhich grows through successive ages and generations to maturity; and that those which spring up in a night are of the gourd tribe, sure to wither rapidly away. We shall not diBcuss the laws of political arboriculture, about which more might ami must be said than we have room for lure. We may however, venture to express our unbelief of the universality of the rule of imperceptible progress ; and wc would point to the Belgian Constitution which we remember as but yesterday seeing planted, and which since then haB borne such prolific fruit,—in illustration of our own belief, that positive good need not always be old, and that there may be dignity and wisdom without great airs. All we insist upon is tlial there should be fact and not fiction, —political bone and sinew, flesh and blood, not a ghost, conjured up by Cabinet spirit-rapping. The Emperor Alexander has bean trying to impose on the credulity q£ the world by a curious per- formance of the kind we deprecate; and has aptly chosen for it an out-of-the- way corner, where there are none to dispute his story and few prying eyes to peep. He was asked by the European public to make a Constitution for Poland, or to ailow roland to make a constitution for herself..But despotism does not vouchsafe its beneficent manifestations in the vulgar light of day, or where the reality is liable to be tried and tested. Where they ate most wanted they never appear; that would destroy the whole beauty of the thing LefEurhpe belli the dark, and let all eyes look northward, a light is turned on over Finland, and there—is it not a beautiful illusion ? you shall see the ghost of a nation's Uterty,' as patented for Russia. Perhaps, says the Czar, if I think it will pay me, I may some day show you as good a ghost upon the Polish stage. Never did an unhappy country stand so much in need ot the warm clothing and defensive armour of tree institutions as plundered and ravished, bleeding .aud naked Poland. All civilized Europe cried aloud to its tormeutor, and implored him to give it a Constitution—a Constitution that when put on would lit it, and need not be rgain put off; -a Constitution of the pattern of 1816, if no other were ready; but in the name of mercy and manhood, any 6ort of Constitution deseiving the name. But the cold-hearted spirit of imposture would not auswer ; and instead of doing what would have been intelligible and useful, praiseworthy and prudent, the- Czar • professed to have been seized with an irrestible impulse to startle the Finns by mi appuration in the shape of a Constitution; and, with the observance of the" usuai amount of imperial mununery, he has kept hiB word. In th-s remote capital of the province ri veil by force from Sweden half a century ago, Alezandcr II. has resolved to hold a Diet, according to the ancient local forms. This provincial, Parliament cuii6it,ts of the representatives of four distinct orders or estates, nnd the concurrence of three of than is requisite to impart to any vote the validity of law. How the mediooval method of legislation worked iu days gone by wearc but ill informed. In our times it is certain that a machinery so cumbrous and complicated l's hut ill adopted co its nominal purpose; and left to themselves there can be little doubt that the Finns would transform it into something better suited to the modern rate of national travelling. A whole generation has parsed since a Diet has been held in Finland. When Russia seized upon the country eastward of the gulf that bears its name, solemn promises were given to the inhabitants and the Government of Eugland (who, wc blush to recollect, became accom. pliees after the fact in that outrageous act of spoiiation), that tlie laws and customs of tile peopleshould be observed us made and modified from time to time by their old fashioned Diet. But when were Russian promises ever kept save under the fear of European punishment f No sooner had the Cossacks taken possession, und the old Scandinavian flag been hauled down, than the I'inns began to feel that they were bondmen. The doors of the Four Chambers wherein their nohles, clergy, burghers, ami peasants had lime out of mind been used to assemble were looked, and the keys deposited in tiie bureau of the head jailor or viceroy of the new province. For many years J-'iniand, as though stunned by the suddenness ol' the treacherous blow, lay iu a state of torpor, moaning inarticulately iu her sleep sometimes, but for the most part motionless and mute. Of late symptoms of returning life have heen observable,— not sufficient to cause any unensiness ut St. Petersbugh, but just enough to engage the occasional attention of those proficients in the art of ingeniously tormenting, thedipioinali'.ts nnd soldiers nf the empire In answer to questions by Alexander II., the older party of pohlicians h;l8 steadily maintained that the stolen part of Kweedeii must be prosperous and happy because its annual revenues were steadily rising. At Vienna the same was always said of Ajumbardy up to 1SS9 ; and it is there said of Hungary to the present hour. The system worked well, who hut a madman would think of changing it? The less immovable party at the Court of the t zar took a somewhat di/lerent view. Hating all that savours of progress or popular right as heartily as tlu-ir rivals, they tin nk more highly of the policvtlmt wouM dissemble to the outer world and, if possible,dupe discontent at home. Poland is with theni neither a sin nor a shnuie, it is simply a great scandal. Thev would tell any number of lies to the Poles or to foreign Governments, ur to boili, in order to put an end to it. If complete c-xtcrmiuatiun were economical and easy they would, of course, have no objection to it; as it is not, they would temporize, talk of ail amnesty and even promise a Constitution. Not being able to carry their point directly in the present temper of Imperial bureaucracy, they have hit upon!heiicinbJe device of pretending to give a liberal Constitution to 1'inland, which lias not aske.l for it. Finland's only wish is to be re-unit, d to Sweden, and then tu tie let alone, l'lu; ouly purpose Finland can serve in tlie estimation of the Muscovites in the present .luncLure is to be made the theatre of a grand piece of j'ohHeal conjuring, which it is hoped 'may distract and dazzle intervening lCmope. The dawim of the Czar have been everywhere instructed to raise grateful and enthusiastic plait,ots at the iminienceiuent of Ihe spectacle; and from ihe vigour wherewith they shout and cheer we may expect that the same will he steadily keut. up while the Finnish Diet is allowed lo prolong the mockery of deliberation. We know not bv what arts a safe majority of its members has been secureil • wc only know that the press of Finland is under rigorous c, nsurship, and that tlie Czar has given ill hisiniiiigiiralspi-ech the pateriialiiitinmtiou that he reserves tolinnseli jin^.'lutely tlici-mrernf iniriatiugany change iu <,i g:uiic laws. Without the right to Ik-mu, und without ihe means of making llieins'.'h-es heard; without an army to prou'ct theni from dispersion should tlie.v glow importunate,or any guarantee that thev will bcMi.-umimed ng.ciu tor tlnve years should they prove relVuctory, v hat ran a poor Finnish I ai'/miueut ul lour sepnrateelnr.iher.s do ? Yet such a Ghost of Liberty us thisis what we are assured is oiKint by Die spontaneous gift uf a Constitution to his grateful subjects by a magnanimous and en lightened Prince 1 