ALBERTON BAPlTST CHAPEL. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of a Baptist Chapel, near Alberton, was performed on Monday afternoon, August 31. Several ladies and gentlemen left Adelaide by the 3.30 train for the scene of the interesting proceeding, and were met at Alberton by the Rev. A. W. Webb, pastor of the church, the Rev. M. H. Hodge (Congrega tional), and the Rev. Mr. Smellie (Presbyterian). A large concourse had assembled around the spot, which is situated equidistant between Alberton and the Port, bounded on one side by the Port road, and on the other by the road leading to the cemetery. The weather was beautifully fine, and its general warmth invited many from their homes to witness the ceremony. The 547th hymn, "This stone to Thee in faith we lay," was sung, when a portion of the second chapter of Haggai was read by the Rev. Mr. Hodge. A prayer having been offered by the Rev. Mr. Hannay, Mr. John Neill, one of the Trustees, read the following copy of a parchment document, which was deposited, together with the Register and Advertiser of the day, the last number of the Australian Evangelist, and a few coins, in the bottle embedded in the stone:— " This building is dedicated to the worship of the Great I Am, the Father, the Son. and The Holy Ghost—one God: and is, when erected, intended to be used by the Christian Church holding Baptist principles at present worshipping in Mr. Leslie's schoolroom, Queenstown. The Church known as the Alberton Baptist Church was formed at the above-mentioned place October 6, 1862. The foundation-stone is laid on this Monday, the thirty-first day of August, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, by the Rev. George Stonebouse, the senior Baptist minister in South Australia. The Trustees are Messrs. John Neill, Richard Fricker, Joshua Little, Andrew Sinclair Neill, William Kyllin Thomas, David Fowler, and Charles Goode. The Minister of the Church, Rev. Allan Walter Webb, Deacons, Messrs. George Hills, Joshua Little, and Andrew Sinclair Neill. Building Committee, the office-bearers, above mentioned, and Messrs. John Neill, Joseph Hodgson, Henry Woolman, John Nathaniel Wills, Richard Fricker, John Goodyear, William Short, George Risely, William H. Bayly, and Henry McD. Gasquoine. Architect, Mr. Robert George Thomas. Builder, Mr. Samuel Burge." The Rev. G. Storehouse then duly laid the stone, and mounting upon it he addressed the assembly. He said the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of any public building was re garded with interest—an interest awakened by the anticipation of "the benefit, which might result from it in days and years to come. But if the com mencement of any public building was an event of such interest and importance, of how much greater importance was the commencement of a house for God—a structure intended for the worship of Him whom the heaven of heavens cannot contain. The . results might be beneficial beyond their highest anticipations; it might he productive of good, the full amount of which only eternity will disclose. Future generations might rise up to call those blessed who had projected that undertaking in the hope of carrying it to a successful issue. In laying the first stone of a place of worship it was usual to make some refe- rence to the discipline and doctrines of the section with which it would be connected. On the present occasion it would be sufficient to say that they were Christians—Christians of the Congregational order—and, more than that they were Baptist Christians; they administered the ordinance of baptism only to those who made a confession of their sins and a profession of Christ. But, Baptists as they were, they were glad to welcome any other disciples of Christ, and wish grace to all who loved the Lord. Their views of divine truth were, in general, precisely the same as those held by all Evangelical Christians. They worshipped the same God; they relied on the same atonement; they implored the same Divine Spirit; they sought to regulate their daily conduct by the same holy precepts. One was their master—Jesus Christ and all His servants they regarded as brethren. That house of prayer was to be devoted to the extension of the truths of God's blessed Gospel. It was not intended that it should be distinguished by the splendour of its outward appearance, or the richness of its interior decorations; but something purer, holier, and far more acceptable to God—the simplicity and spirituality of its worship, the full and unfettered proclamation of those great truths which are the only hope for the guilty soul—would be its chief attractions and adornments. It would be dedi cated through Christ to the good of men; it would be the centre of usefulness to the surrounding neighbourhood, and if the Centre of all Greatness and Goodness condescends to take up His abode in it, then would it be sanctified and adorned above all earthly splendour. And who could doubt that this would be the cause, seeing that they had the Divine promises to encourage and sustain them. For the fulfilment of those promises let the people of Alberton pray, and then the work of their hands would prosper, and their hearts should be filled with gratitude while they acknowledged "Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto Thy name be the praise." The foundation-stone had now been laid, and let it remind them of the foun-: dation-stone God had laid in Zion— that precious corner-stone against which the gates of hell should not prevail. Slowly but surely was this spiritual building approaching completion; and although at the present time its various parts might seem separated, yet in the eye of the Divine architect it even now appeared a vast and complete edifice. The living stones that composed that temple were animated by the same spirit, and at no very distant date in Christ Jesus the whole building would grow into a holy temple of the Lord; and then how glorious wouid the consummation be! He who was once a man of sorrows will then see of the travail of His soul and be satisfied—it will be the proudest hour of His mediatorial life; wherever He looks will He behold the blessed results of His Divine; workmanship. Every tongue will then be vocal with His praise, and every heart will over flow with love and joy as His spirit shall pervade that finished edifice which shall stand for ever. Were there not some present who were not build ing on this corner-stone? Alas! there were many elsewhere, and when the spiritual edifice was com pleted they would be cleared away as the rubbish that it should not mar the beauty of the building. They must each come to Christ, each live a life of faith, or they would never form part of that living temple which alone shall survive the fires of the last day. Might such be the case with each one present, and every day might they hear the voice of their Maker from His throne above, "Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out for ever." The hymn commencing "Behold, the sure foundation-stone" was then sung, and the bene diction brought the ceremony to a close. The interior measurement of the building will be 51 x 35, and will seat about 320 persons. The height will be 22 feet, and the roof will be of slate. The amount of the contract, exclusive of the Seats : and fittings, is £655, and the building will take about four months in erection. A tea and public meeting was held in Mr. Leslie's schoolroom in the evening. The public meeting was under the presidency of Mr. W. Scott, who made some appropriate remarks on the occasion for which they had met, and gave some words of advice to the Church to proceed in their work and cherish Christian love in their midst. Mr. A. S. Neill then read the report. It stated that the Rev. Mr. Webb held the first service on July 20, 1862, and on October 6,15 members were formed into a Church. The Church had increased to 48 members, only four of whom were from Churches ' in the neighbourhood and six from distant Churches. Some two months since the Building Committee, having received promises of support, felt justified in calling for plans for a new chapel, which had been commenced that day. The cost of the land was £60; but the owners, Messrs. Schilling and Gray, had returned £10 to the build ing fund. The total cost would be about £800, towards which they had £500. The Sunday- school had been very prosperous. It commenced with 4 teachers and 25 scholars, and now numbered 14 teachers, and an average attendance of scholars of 60 or 70. The prayer meetings were well attended, and a Bible class and sewing meetings were regularly held. A Tract Society, it was stated, was also in full operation. A collection having been made in aid of the building fund, the Rev. Mr. Mead said he looked on the building of that Church as a tribute to principle—a foundation on which was the corner-stone of Christian life. He also entreated them to make their best offerings to the Lord on behalf of that. His Church. Mr. W. K. Thomas expressed his sincere congratulations for their prosperity. He rejoiced exceedingly to hear of the success which had attended the labours of their pastor, in whom he had taken, and continued to take, a great interest. The Rev. Mr. Parsons joined in the expressions of congratulation and gratitude for the work which had been so far prospered, and the happy results he attributed to their having the Word of God in all its truth and efficacy in their midst. He encouraged them to go on in their work, looking for support and guidance to the great Head of the Church. Mr. Charles Goode expressed his great pleasure at hearing so excellent a report. He urged on them, as a Church, the im portance of their individual consistent and holy conduct, seeing that the eyes of the world, were closely upon them. The Rev. Mr. Haunay ex pressed sympathy with the movement. He referred to the duty of the pastor in faithfully preaching the Gospel, and of his people in strengthening his hands, and concluded by appealing to the young present to make God the guide of their youth. The Rev. Mr. Webb acknowledged, and reciprocated the kind congratulations and wishes which had been offered. He believed that their success had been the result of the declaration of the Gospel truths, and he hoped that whoever might be their pastor he would have grace so to preach as not to court the adulation of man, but to seek tlie approval of his God. A hymn having been sung, the bene- diction was pronounced, and a very pleasant meeting was brought to a close. 