®t)í s?i>flncp Jitlarnínft petalo« THURSDAY. OCTOBER 1, 1863. In the I rgitltitnt Com eil, jestcrdaj, The Pin si di st communicated to the House that tia Rojil nf-tiit had bein gi*cn to the beab Act Papers vue laid on the tablo by the Solicitor I Gcnciul -Ht Ccric«pondence relative to Btearn portal communication ui P nama 2rd A do patch on the fulject cf trun porliition, with th nrocoeilmgs of the delegates ol the Vustralian coleiucä in England 3rd Kelntneto tho expenditure for defences of the c lonies-whuh were »tvtrallj oiclered to be printed In reply to questions put by Mr Ivnu , m reference to the regulation«, if -wy, under which persons nr« pine ed undi r police sur* allano?, Hie SoLieiToii Gismu refeired to th.3 police re gulnticns, in which the suljett was tccidenttUy rc lorcd lo At a In a feriod of the e*eiuDg Mr JvL*!r took exception/lo the answer feiven as insufficient, and not it nil nicotine, the importance of the question, and intima td Its intention of bringing the matter again before the llou'e, while tho Solicito i-Gknfual pointed out the very gei cnl terms of the questions to which rnly a general snswer could bo guen Mr PluMvi tt gaie notice of motion fcr an address foi the production of the Bishop of Newcastle s letter in reference to State mel Iht Orders in Sequestration m Insolvency Bill was read a thud time On the motion that the bill do now pass, Mr licvn took occasion to observe that what he behe*td to be an erroneous impression had gone ubtoad, namely, that this bil was a piece of ex ¡jost facto legislation, and would luve a prcjudici-l t fleet on the cobo no** pending ig&uut; a person who wes lately an official assignee Ho did not bthe*e that it was 60, and was as much opposed to ex post facto legislation as anjone could be The ¡solicitor Gfneiul sl«o denied that there was txpost facto législation , no new liability was created bj the bill, and the only effect of it would be to make tlie law what oflîcul assignees and e*erybody clsohad tclie*ed it to be before the recent decision Mr Allen was of opinion that there wascxjios/ facto legislation in this bill Admitting that Mr Perry could not be tried sgain for the offence of which he had been acquitted, jet, if he had acted umilnrlj in ether insolvencies lie might with the aid of this bdl be tried and con*, icted Mr Fluvxltt was of a similar opinion, but ho siid it would of course rest with the Crown Hw officers to attempt or not to c btain convictions for past matters with the oíd tf this bdl The lill ** ns passed, and sent down to the Assembly with the amendments mode by the Council Hie Howe adjourned until four p m this daj. Ix the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Mr. AiiNoLii, in reply to Mr, Eaoaii, promised the icturn relative to ruilway contractors, ordered on the .lih August, on Friday next. Mr. HoiiniTeoN, in reply to Mr. Dangar, said that Mr. Johnstone, minor road supeiintendcnt, had not I reported since the 21st July last, respecting the Cono ' bubaia Kond, no doubt from press of business ; but ' implication had been sent to bim on the 28th instant to make such report forthwith. In reply to Mr. Daxoak, Mr. CowrBn said that no distinct charges had been made against the police magistrate at Grafton; coi tain representations had been made lespecting this officer by a person who hid been discharged from the public service, and enquiry 'should be made into the truth of them. Mr. Piddington moved the adjournment of the House, for the purpose of bringing under notice the disclosures made by recent telegrams with respect Jtj the state of crime in the Western district, and ne referred to the telegrams published in the Herald of the 2Gth, 29th, and 30th instant, as showing that so far from crime diminishing, the outrages of bushrangers were more daring than had ever been known in the his- tory of the colony. Ample power had been given for the rcpicssion of these outrages, and it was a disgrace to the colony thht four or five bushrangers coulJ perpe- trate these glaring cnorniitieß in the focus of a dis- trict furnished with 6uch means of police pro- tection. This state of affairs was the more reprehensible when it was borne in min J that this colony was now incurring an annual police expenditure of upwards of a quarter of a million sterling. The hon. gentleman further blamed the Government for employing the Inspector General on a service of very minor importance in another distiict, instead of being at tho head of hu, force in the disturbed district, and emplojing hie energies profitably in the repression of the outrages now oeing perpetrated. The proper course was io encourage the inhabitants of the district by ample re I ward to assist the police in the apprehension of these depredators. Mr. CowrEn said that there were rewards to the timount of £3000 at present offered for the detection of bushrangers. He might state to the House the telegraphic communications which had passed between him and the Inspector General, but he was unwilling to use them as a screen for the Goyernment. Orders had been given to Captain M'Lerio to proceed to the disturbed district, a strong body of police was now in active pursuit of the gang, and he hoped in a few days to.be able to report I a satisfactory result. ' With regard to one case referred to by the morer, that of a practical joke played'upon i two policemen, as reported in a Yass newspaper, und for which they had exacted summary retribution, ho wai unable to censure tho policemen for the course they bad tnkpn. Mr. Wilson censured the Chief Secretary for his approval of what -was a breach of the law. He also censured the conduct of Mr. Morisset, the inspector in charge ef the district, for inefficiency. Mr. Gray considered (hit the MQTcnuaeat would be jtiMift el in di mi-m g nnj ofltcir who wai chirgr tibli with a deiclicuon if dutj, mid ho elttl not con ?«tri li t Mr Moir s»tt x\nh fie e fr un ccnpuro Mi ^iii i iii mi ehnrgcd fict selectors m ith harbour- ing I iit-ln nilrs Ai 11 Aim ii, Mi Cumminoi, and Mr T)ai olí isii ret nied tit juliet gctieuillx, and c pi-cull) de- ll mud thrin fin hi nut g down the houses ol Bn Hull aid tin cldu O M. nil) Mr 'mi vaut t nu 'led tint liunhrnngcrj could t nix 11 ti kin In h rut ígcni Mr I onn pu ltd out tint these rete H riutrnçc hod Ititi tointiiitttd with n a induis of twiiiti-luc lit » ttem Htu! urst ti i li d quniters of thr p'lioe Mr Haut tlnigtd tie police with mc um. tj, ¡nul t i Miltit d that the doxtri nuiit ought to eli mi»s unj oil ecr who whs jinxed to bo n enpuble of doing his dinx Mr Cowl ni at ti n stace of the debate nikcd pcr mihfii n to i nil tho tilcgr ms sent during the lust fen ilojs to iht lnsptdor Gei eral ef lMif, nnd the iP|hcs theicto Hil telegram« dtspatth d li) tie ( hilf Sccrttaty were in cflect tnpn.«s a scxtre censure upon the lot al mniiigiment of the force, anel to inti n nte that unltts some ditinxc result was attained within a mon h fn ni this dale, steps would be taken (or the reo gnmsntion of the police forte lhcsc tele- grams are pub ifIu d m nur parliamentary column Mr MACiiiHibON censurtd the management of the lornl pi lice iorct llr I ano trmiparcd the difliculties in regard ti the j liprestion of cr me piexailing here with thoso which lird lu len {, senci of jiarg «rcvtuled m Ireland Mr li rmiiir.li em el mm el the injustice of the eim¡ ntisrii nrd, willi lettici co to tho local cucum htuiiccs ol thib tolonx, p inttd out the inlerioritx of ilie ni» to tin t Id j liée, in the tracking of offtnelera After "¡erne remntks from Mr Huthvnan and Mr. .-ii mit, Mr Moiuiii» condemned the cour e taken bj tlia C1 itf fc-ttri tnrj inexpoing tho censures passed by lum ti] on the lolitc loree, winch, he contended, wti9 a i crillee tuncevstt n to popular tlninour, and vue cnltulntid to pttrnljse the imrgj of the force, and to impair i s disiiplini. at a timt whtn xigorous action XM.S nest required President Lintoin, when ho tb-hicrrd his t,ci ernie nexir \ ubliclj censured them Mr Hoit nppioxed the course taken by tho Chief fcecutaix Mr Samvil concuncd in ihc view taken tby Mr Morn« After tonic remtuks bj Mr Li d', end Mr. Rorros, the motion was nißiitntel 11 e ndiiuirntd debate cn the financial Btatemout of tit Oo\e ruinent vas re«umed bj 31r I wo, who, avhile lit regretted the blund r vii ih tilt Mmiitrj had commit ed in not prcuouslj coining to mi accerd ns ti tho true and correct date nient of tin f nancinl affairs of the country but he had nhvnji given ins support to the present Goiemuunt fiom his ccrduil nptrovul ot the important mcasurcä it lind been instrumental in pits wir und he saw no lung in thepicscnt stnte of nitiurs to induce lum to with elm** i lint support particularly lm*in" regard to the prcat uni robnbilitj ot i Goicmmtnt being formed on tie OpitMtion iciithci Hie bon meinberpointe I ti t Ins oljttt onsto some of the items of the prnposul scheint o! ti\nti n, suth a°, tie prop sod j osti^c in rivspaptr«-, ind the înciesstd pestago on lett r->, end iilto to «onie of the items of tito proposed tariff, íntl pnrlicularlj the duty upon silt A", h *vever, the dchcit vus \roblemolical, the ¡reposed scheme ot taxation might not i cri tps be sut nutted lhe Goa en m en t iiu^ht hucintnt its legisln i\e tnurphs Ij iCMtirg our whole tjstcmcf titxti ion, udle advocated a good scheme of direct taxation where I» a'sentce proprietors vould bo compelled to 101 'ribute lo the exigencies of ti» ¡Mate Hie CiiAinvvx litrcup ii reported progics*, and e btnincd leatc to Mt «¡,0111 to morrow (this dnj) All the intermedíate e riler«- of the day li iving been Itstjontd, nid the House hitMiig gone into com nu tee Air Mourns obtnined leave to bring in a Hill for the Prétention nnd Cure of Stib iii Sheep, and the bill vas lnougl t in nnd read n iirst tue 'Die HoucC luljourned at live inmutes to eleven "W 1 arc EtilitAcd thal nothing effectual will be attempted to defend this metropolis from the danger of sudden attack b) an enterprising tichersnrj. 'Ihus we expect as little from the I postponed discussion a fortnight hence as from cn) thal ha\o preceded it. Ihe misfortune of the count)) )s to baie many reprc t-cntativcs who baie measures of their own-and who, to carr) these, neglect e*ery | thing tige With the prospect, almost the I certainly of n great European war, with the prob biht) not \ cr) remote of differences with the United ¡Mates , with foreign colonies within a few da)s* sail , with a rebellion which has icquirtd annies to put it down in a neighbour- ing colon) with a commerce amounting to nnlhons , willi a cit) wh)ch h is collected in one focus all the trading and finanoil affairs of the country ,-with all these wc ha\e treated the most ordinär) anxiety as weakness, and laughed nt all dangers which cannot be seen through a sp) glass What then is the account of our present defences as thej are described by our latest authorities ? Sir W. Denison set up a lot of batteries which sound very loudly in the ears of the city, and from their nearness in our streets doubtless make the ladies who promenade in George-street extremely happy. But what says Captain Lovell-that Port Macquarie is per- fectly useless ; that Kiribilli Point is perfectly useless-a trap for shells ; that Fort Denison has not sufficient range to hit ; that Mrs. Macquarie's Chair is wet; that one round only could be fired, and no (¿uns could be worked with celerity ; that Bradley's Head was dismantled because the gunners might be killed from the rocks above. And there are our present defences, evidently more dangerous to the city than to the foe, because he could readily seize some of them and turn ihem upon the harbour. We could imagine they have their auxiliary value, but above that aro worthless. Sir William is an cflicer of great pretensions;-he knows a little of everything-from a needle to an anchor. If he fell in with a tailor, he would inform him how to stitch ; if a wheelwright, he would give a pattern of a new spoke. Such is the versatility of his genius, that he has written pamphlets on grubs and worms, on the water lam, on Ihe gorilla, on education, on the Essays and Iicvitivs, He is now busy about saving the treasures of the cesspools, and im- proving the construction of windmills. But from some little obstinacy in the Officials, we should, by this time, have had a railroad on posts, earling us in large panniers like those on a donkey's tack. But this versatility was one- sided. Nothing ever came of it. It spent money but was found not to answer. It is so with our defences. Sir William Denison said we could not afford to keep the enemy out of the harbour ; the next best thing would have been to let him in on fair terms ; but the plan really adopted was to put a few batteries at his dis- posal, at the very small risk to himself, because no enemy would bring his ship into port without making himself acquainted with the position of our guns, while all the engineers admit it would be in his power while shelling the town to avoid them, even if he did not take them. Such then is the state of affairs now. We have batteries which may be taken easily, and which it is difficult to work ; and save these, there is nothing between us and an enemy but a ransom or bombardment. Thus to the mercy of the enemy we expose a city containing millions worth of movable pro- perty and millions which may be destroyed-a city of eighty thousand'people, many of whom would be within reach of the enemy's guns. We have a people doubtless as full of natural courage as other men are ; but those who de- pend upon this alone must have closed their eyeB on the experience of the age. It is science, mechanism, mind that must rule the day. What are we, then, to do ? We are told by the firat-class engineers that we have means of keeping out an enemy which belong to few cities Al present, of nil the most exposed, we might be of nil the most effectually defended AVc have natural fortresses find burners which b) ait anti outliy would be perftctl) mid penn meriti) uiipreg nable It is a question of outlay, but it is «ho n queslicn of insurnnte We pu) largel) to fire companies to escape the cliects ot nccidint, rurel) moro than partial ni its íaxagcs, we niu<«t pi), although a small sum indeed in tunpinf.cn, io sa\e us from spoliation and destruction In his dtf-pa'tli on the Trent ail nr the Duke (f Îuwcamu. «i^s, "'Hie iilann, howc\cr, which bus been felt will not ha\e been whollj ustlttsif it sb ill hine impressed on Colonul GiMinnitnts the luces-it) of peifect and tfTectnal pippirations against contingencies which, though happil) no longer imminent, can ne\er in the picsint disturbed state of the world be legardtd us impossible " Suppose then an eneni) of longland weie sit- ting down to cale »late what blow could be most tasil) shuck, ind with the surest results both is a question of gain ind n question of \ engeance \\\ 1 eie are there such rich pu/esr? Where so little mi ins of îcsislaiicc? Where \ouId the ttoppige of tridc be moie mi cine, ous9 ^litrtis it possible to inflict on conccntiated wealth a blow so rapid, or with *uch widel) spread loss, terror, and ] rot-trtilion ? It ma) oflend our self loxe as a people to admit the ftct, but it is cer ttinl) true that S)dnc) is of all the Australnn colonies the most exposed, ind at the sime time the most helpless As to the cost, pio pert) muEt bear it, for it 13 for the protection of proper!) , and largo works might be executed b) loan, prowded that the loin were well coiercd b) some cert un and distinct revenue All peimanent works should bo a binden for years, but all consumption should be paid for out of the cm rent rc\ ernie Hit colon), howcitr, will probabl) be net er defended till it is att ickcd, and the sense of danger is created b) the se\eiit) of suffering We haie nexer seen the face of an eneni) and so wo do not)etbehe\e there is one Some fine mornir g the sound of guns will end our letîinig^ and b) correcting our judgment, will j doubtless rcfoim our pohc). So far as the credit of the Administration ia concerned, it has been tnosi rele*ant to Mr 1 AGUt's nmendment to discuss trm-aactions thut are pibt, because it is b) whit the Govern- ment has done cr left undone that it must be judged, and receive a verdict of blamo or at quittai But so fal as the interests of the te Ion), apart from those of the Administration, "ic cone ti ned, it is more important that we chould hue regard to the future, and seo that the credit nnd reputnüon of the colony are lui) pt otc etcd 'I he biston of the pnsl is easil) summea up. 1er the last thiee jears, the estimate of the u-venue has been m\ imbi) in excess of the letual receiptb, the acttnl expenditure has been imariabi) in excess of the actual îcvenue, nnd from having a balaree in hand, we ha\e tumbled into a deficit All ttits has occurroJ without an) excise den*able from the un- expected occurrence of extr lordmnr) commer- cial depression, and in spite of the fact that patt of the fair ant ual expenditure has been lilted by a liberal rebort to the loan fund, andb) neglect- ing all precnutions foi dealing with the principle of the public debt. There is nothing atcidentnl or wonderful in the result at which ne have armed. It is the natural and necessa-y cons 3 quence of the course that has been pursue! Mr Cow ier sa)s that this is idmirable financing-that it is better than jps be>n exhibited by an) previous Admnistration, better than can be seen in say oth*r colon) It has answered his purpos«, no doubt, and ho is perhaps entitled io speak of tlie w oriel as he finds it. But his glow of self gr.itulation enn hardl) be participated in by those who are not bound over b) tender ties to be his undcviating admirers and supporters. All **1 0 stand outside the charmed circle can come to no other conclusion than thnt this style of finance )s both diahonest nnd dangerous, and forms »bout the worst possible precedent that could be established in an early epoch of ret-ponable go*, ernment. It would have been far wiser, and every way more appropriate to the situation, if, instead of attempting to den) or chsguiso the unpleasant truth, Mr. Cow peu had admitted the errors of tne pabt, and taken the opportune) to establt-h a sounder s)stem for the future. As it ib, the Ministerial vindication involves the inference that no change of any kind is needed. Evei) thing, nccoiding to Mr. Cowrtit's account, rs just as it should be. lhere is no deficit, there is plenty of mone) available to meet all charges, und nothing whatever has gone wrong, except that Mr Smaex on first entering the Treasur) took fright at the ghost of a deficit. It has since, however, been satisfactorily explained that the apparition was altogether unsubstantial. It was merely an optical delusion, something like the ghost they have been shewing at the theatres, anti was caused by reflecting a very strong light upon financial documents. It can only be seen by the naked eye. When the Coayteman spcctacles are put on, it is no longer visible. The charm is broken then, and the vision vanishes. Mr. Smabt has been persuaded to take a peep himself through these wonderful glasses, and though still a little haunted by the outlines of the spectre, as a man may be ex- pected to be who has once been thoroughly alarmed, he is reassured and comforted, and admits that the impression is not like what it was. Mr. Cowper has handed the magic lens round among his supporters, and they have all had a look through it, and declare that they can see no deficit at all. Nothing, however, could be moro unfortunate for the country, and nothing could bring more ridicule on the Assembly, than for honorable members to cheat themselves, or allow them- selves to be cheated, into a disbelief of what is real. There is a deficit, and there will be a bigger one, unless the Assembly enforces very considerable retrenchment, or adds materially to the revenue. We have already shewn, on in- disputable data, that there will be a real deficit at the end of the present year of about £150,000; and the amount is only kept down to tins pitch by presuming on an unusually large amount of savings to be effected during the year. But though, in estimating probabili- ties, it is lawful to take this consideration I into account, it is not proper either for the i Assembly or the Tbeasubeii to repose on cal- culations of this sort. The Treasurer is bound to ask, and the Assembly is bound to i grant, money enough to meet all authorised expenditure ; and nothing is moro preposterous than for the House to sanction a certain outlay, and then, on the ground that the money so voted will not all be spent, to rest content with a "Ways and Means below the authorised standard. To neutralise a deficit by anticipated savings is not a creditable or even a tolerable performance. Savings are matter only for retrospect, not for prospect. The House has nothing to do with, them until they have been completely effected, nor is it possible to iel) with any confidence upon prophetic calculation-« of this kind. As a gene lal nile., savings aie quite balanced by the supphnuii'ar) expendiluie, and even during the picscnl )eai Me are still in the dark as to the complete total of what the Supplement .try Intimates are to be For aught we ein tell to the contrar), thij mu) ptovc cunsideiabh l.igir than the) luve )ct been calculated at, and the savings, which are equally a mutter of conjecture, may turn out to be very much less than the estimate of tbem. It will be el tuber- ous al d unsafe finance in the extreme for tJio As«cmbl) to neglect to make proper provision foi the expenditure it has sanctioned on the meie presumption tint these savings will ncciue Suppose the) should net urciue, what thin? Nothing has us )et been pUud before the House to justif) confdence in them, 'lhc sti tentent his on!) beei produced to' modif) the ahum winch the fir» innounccmcnt of the deficit created, and it mist not be tiken into account when providing Wjjs and Means, 'ihe Asse ni bl) is bound to SAnd bj i s own vi les, and not to presume on tte wa) in whtth thoie votes will be handled b the E\ So f i as the current ) ear »concerned it has nothing to do with savings, and nil the )enr his absolute 1) closed no state met of savings is woith an)lhirg, as i-up pie nu i ar) to a d hcicot Wi.)8 and Means Le aun' iherefore, the savings out of account, the ieficit with winch the Heute has to deal t not less tuan £350,000. 