"ESSAYS AND HE VIEWS." COURT OP ARCHES. TUE DISHOP OF SALSBimr V. TUB BEV, BR ROWLAND WlLUAklB. On the 15th December, Dr. Lusliington's judgment on tlie prosecution of the cdebraled work called « Essays and Reviews" was detircced. SirJ,PlulUmai^aSa:«hawi»gthanriiM8 stages through which the case had gone, said that the question before the t'tourt was a most important one, nltbough restricted to the simple point of what amount of penalty or punishment might be proper for the reformation of the person cliarged and the security of tlie Church. When the case was heard, certain articles charged against Dr. Williams were rejected by the Court. Others were ordered to be reformed and others were admitted. The first article on which he asked for judgment was that which liad been admitted, in which Dr. Wil linms was charged with having denied the inspiration of the Scriptures, maintaining that tlicy were merely the expression of a devout reason. This was opposed to the Articles of Keligion (particularly to the 2nd aud the 20tli) and to the Niceno Creed, which stated, in substance, that the Holy Ghost came by the prophets. The Court, had moreover held, that in thus writing, Dr. Williams had not merely represented the views of Huron Bunsen, and that if a clergyman were allowed such a latitude lie might with impunity republish an infidel work. Tiie learned counsel also read tlie other articles admitted, and said that by the judgment of the Court, on admitting the articles on a previous day, they had held that on three questions of the gravest importance to the Church of England, Dr. Williams had directly contraveued a doctrine of the Church on three most important points, namely, inspiration, propitiaton, and justification. Unrlersuch cases, anil looking to the security of the Church, he submitted that the punishment inflicted ought to he of the gravest. If the Bishop of Salisbury had brought these proceedings under the penal statute of Elizabeth, the Court would liavc had no option but to deprive Dr. Williams of his living ; but the Bishop had no desire to place the Court in that position, but stilt he did ask the Court witli all the earnestness he could command fo pass a sentence of suspension upon Dr. Williams until his errors should he retracted. A reFponsive plea had been put in, which lie presumed meant to imply that the opinions contained in the book were the opinions of Baron Hanson, aud not those of Dr. Williams. To no one wouM such a formal retractation be more satisfactory than to the promoter of the present suit. Mr. Coleridge, Q.C., who followed on the same side, contended that if Dr. Williams retracted, it would be necessary that it should be done fully, nnd not simply upon tire technical point. If the retraction were not complete. Dr. Williams might use the Prayer Book, anil tho lessons indicated therein, nnd j et immediately afterwards go into the pulpit and say the Apostles and Prophets were mistaken in their views. If such a course were allowed, there was not an essential doctrine of Christianity which might not he explained away. Mr. Deane said that if he thought that there was in Dr. Williams's TCssay one word which denied that in the Holy Scripturcs wero to be found everything necessary to salvation, he should be sorry to advocate this cause. He thought the public and the right rev. prosecutor himself must be delighted to find that after so many charges had been alleged against the defendant aflecting, it was 6aid, the doctrine of the Church of England, so few remained. He contended that in every aspect the case was a new one. lie thought there irns no contradiction between Dr. Williams' teaching and that of the Church of England, as would he seen if they were placed side by side, nnd duly examined. It might have b en open to Dr. Williams to put in a negative issue, nnd that lie had not done so was bis (Dr. ]Vane's) fault. He thought Dr. Williams was bound to put in as plain language as he could what is intentions were, and be bad given in a specific issue, which was in record before the Court. It was, he said, an absurd thing to urge that when a clergyman used the word reason ns applied to the Holy Scriptures he did not exclude Divine reason, which the Divine writers themselves spoke of nF the " Word. - ' If Dr. Williams hail used the word " divine" instead of "devout" reason, nil the cuse against him wnuld have gone. There was nothing to be four.d in tlie Cth or 20th Articles to show that tho" Bible was not the expression of Divine reason. Ijet tlieiu take care that by a wrong conclusion on this ease tlie'y did not leave man without God's influence, that tlicy did not contradict, having nothing to support it in the Articles, the whole theory of the Church of England, which was, that apart from God's spirit man could not have a single holy thought. I)r. Williams was cliarged with having denied "propitiation," but the .'ilst Article did not necessarily define what propitiation was. At this point an attempt was inade by the counsel to settle the question, but it failed, and Dr. Lushingtnn then said that be had nothing to retract, alter, or explain in reference to Ills previous judgment when deelding upon the admissibility of the uriii'les. It was necessary for the welfare.of the Church that punishment should be awarded against Dr. Williams for the security of tho Church, the punishment of tin" individual being a secondary coiiM'leration. The FeMenee was tliat Dr. Williams be suspended tr/»»/ftWV< <t bewfuio for the space of one year, and that he be admonished not to oflellil in like again. Dr. Williams was condemned in the costs. Mr. l)uboi«, his proctor, gave notice of appeal. Tlie ease of Feudal! i\ Wilson being a parallel! case, the 6arac judgment aud sentence was tuken, notice being also given of appeal. 