THE EDUCATION QUESTION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Your correspondent "Enquirer" has been kind enough to put several questions to me through your valuable medium, and I now beg to answer them, though, I think, the answers to some might [ have been gathered from the contents of my former First question.—How do I know tUst were the grant in aid dispensed with, the various denomina tions of Christians would undoubtedly take up the question, and there would be no end of denomina tional bittern esa? Answer.—From experience and reading. The Church of England holds that ehe is the proper guardian of the education of the yonng, as to religion, and, in order to get that done pro perly and efficiently, ehe wisely concludes that -it is hex duty to furnish the means both secular and cacred. Bhe provides a school and supplies a teacher—provides a spelling-boob, iu:-, &c.;, and presents a Catechism, a Prayer-book, and a Bible, knowing well that education mast be connected with religion, like the locomotive and the tender upon a line of railway. The Church of Scotland (Presbyterian) does a similar thug, and if anything can be esid particularly ofber.it is that she has set of old, through John Knox, s glorious example to the whole world in the cause of a thorough, systematic, and elevated educa tion for her sons and daughters. The United Pres byterian Church was not able, and did not so much need, to take np the affairs of education, far the parish school and teacher were looked upon as their own. Other denominations were placed in similar positions, and acted somewhat in the same way as regarded education ? bat for all this, it most be noted, they did establish a number of schools, governed and directed after thefr own liking. Then came the FW> Church of Scotland, s hire from the older establishment, *ad 'he has rang her anxiety for education most lustily throughout the known world, and is second to none in manifesting her appreciation of the merits and value of the b!essl2f* of early, steady, and uncompromising intellectual progress. - - I bad no atinsion to this colony having had "quarrels on the subject?' of flp??M?i???i??n?i educa tion; bat wherever it has been adopted it has never worked well, and we need not leave Australia to find examples. Look at Victoria. Religions denomina tionausm has always been full of acrimony and bitter ness, and it unfortunately has been seen and witnessed in school*. Church has been built in opposition to church—school to (whool—and t?mi\\\i? and fnwAn bare been divided. tf**bis colony ?tnppiar*tate of matters exist, and if is to be hoped may long con tinue;'and although we wish improvement or educa tional progression, we hope-the good now being done will be esteemed, valued, and honestly -rewarded. The teacher is worthy of his pay. -Second question.—How do I know, if the aid wen withdrawn, a very great number of the young would not receive any instruction at all, except that given in the Sunday-schooleP Asa. I aware that a great many children are now growing op without instruction, although there is -a grant of £12,000 a year. Perhaps I will aay there would be many more ignorant if the grant were withdrawn. Then, whether has he the gift of prophesy, or how else does he know it? Answer.—From fifteen years' experience of colonial life in Adelaide, in the country, find in the bush. What has taken place may take place again with regard to the education of the young. When a teacher cannot earn enough to keep son! and body together he gives up his teaching rather than give up the ghost. When he is starred out, the people, who hare no tine to spare, and perhaps no ability to impart instruction, are compelled to allow their children to grow up like the oxan and the goats. The Sunday-school iiitt distance, and if oven near to some, the Sabbath-school teacher probably has a to ride to his chapel or room where teaching is held, and that, too, after having a hard week's sheep-shearing, or a hard week's ploughing, &c; Would a grant of a few pounds, added to what the fa""*"* can wring oat of the good folks, not be a salutary thing for education? Why have so very many tried the speculation of self-supporiiog schools and foiled? gome of the best imparters of instruc tion have had to yield in Great Britain, the Euro pean Continent, and in Australia. Poverty, greed, pride, the love of dress, of beer, of tobacco, toe want of true regard for the offspring, the ignorance of some, the indifference of many, and the motives of ?others, all warrant the conclusion that there would be fewer children insttncted were the aid withdrawn. If people cannot pay 12a. a quarter for a child's in* struction, or will not, how are they ever to pay 245. or 90s t I believe direct taxation will not be for a long time to come, and I fear volnntary education is too good a thing to be had, though I believe we should aim at it. What would become of those destitute children who have not got the means of paying the teacher ? What is the worth of preaching and religious teaching if the people are to be allowed to remain illiterate? What is the first thing necessary to be done when, one aits down with a number of tmfop-M, or with peqple who cannot read, or with those who have no knowledge of civilization and ohristianity ? Is there no aid afforded to mis sionaries? I think it would be better to double the grant, double the salaries of the teachers, require them diligently to raise their schools in numbers by seeking for, and looking up their pupils, and make the teachers collect their school payments and return them to Government. I am convinced much good wotdd be the result, and I think it is worth a trial. As for the gift of prophesy, I never wished to lay claim to that; but I hope I possess a little foresight and diffffi|f'T<tnan^- Third question—Who those people are, professing religion, too, who wish to give education a knock on the head? Answer—Men, some learned men too, both of the Protestant, Papistical, and Dissenting sections of the Christian world. For example, a gentleman, one ac customed occasionally to take .the chair at a Bible Society meeting, has said tfaat the poor should not be instructed, as it made them discontented with their condition in Ufe; and that people could get to Heaven at last without education as well as those who pos sessed great learning. I could multiply such examples not only amongst the learned, but amongst the mediocre; and if you go lower, the name of them would be legion. Let them think you doubt their Christianity, and they are loud in proclaiming it. Fourth question.—How I prove the present system is good, and whether the same system should be earned into general business ? For instance, if it is right that Mr. Miller should pay " Mr. Pronoun" for leaching Mr. Tanner's children, whether it would not be right that Mr. Pronoun should pay Mr. Baker for supplying bread to Mr. Somebody-else? Answer.—Because the present system is regarded by many able men to be good; because my experience of it has led me to' see that it is good, owing to the tinmwMt'fo who have learned to read, write, count, &<x, toe., and because it has never yet been proved to be bad. The same system, to a certain degree—the degree required from time to time—i? carried into other busvnessegjjjrofossions, and trades, p, is quite right that Mr. MUler efiould pay "Mr. Pronoun for tearning Mr. Tanner's children, when Mr. Tanner pays for the teaching of Mr. Miller's children: and it is quite right for Mr. Pronoun to pay Mr. Baku- for supplying Mr. Diseased and Mr. Pastttitute and lCn. Widow with, bread. I see it to be an incum bent duty to support the Lunatic Asylum, the Hos pital for the tick, and the Destitute Asylum;. to pro* vide??Bn#fortj>? deadj to punish crime; to pwi tect the innocent; to provide justice, law, and equity; and to pay for the government of our country. If you pay tbe police, cannot you pay the teachers ? Fifth question.—How have I become positive in my opinion that the young in this colony, much neglected as they at present are, would be in a'fer worse position thereafter? I think the answer to this question has been given already. Show me how the profession can be nude better, and I will give in to having been laboring under an error. I wish I could ccc that all our educational business hat been wrong, for then there would be strong grounds of hope for better things and better pay. The teachers would glory in it to a , man, but they must see that great titmmum botmm to be proved, before they will give up the idea that the present system is better than none. Sixth question.—Whether I suppose we should be better fed, shod, clad, and lodged, if there were State grants to bakers, shoemakers, tailon and bricklayers ? Answer.—l think we -would be better off withfood, shoes, clothing, and lodging, by a State grant to bakers, shoemakers, tailors, and bricklayers, when sick, destitute, lunatic, homelesss, and helpless, but not otherwise. When people ore eick and poor, destitute of every thing, what should we do with them ? When people, young people, are, by whatever cause, destitute of instruction, what eliould we do with them ? Nothing? In conclusion, I wish some such person as your correspondent ??Enquirer," would devise a scheme for the future and better education of the young of South Australia, and, whether be got it or not, he would be deserving of immortal esteem. Other nations have long worked in the cause, and, although oceans of good have been the result, yet there is room ! for much improvement to be made. With the best wishes for the truth, I am, Sir, &c.;, FREEDOM. Feburary 28, 1863. 