LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, 2nd June. The Sdbakee took tho chair at half-past four o'clock. newspaper bill. ' Mr RICHARDSON presented a petition from tho inhabitants of South Barwon against tho Newspaper Act Amondmcnt Bill. The petition was rocoivcd, and ordered to lio on tho table. . state aid. Mr MACGREGOR gavo notico that, next day, lie would ask if it was iulonded to distri bute tho grant-in-aid to Presbyterians according to the achcmo of last year. NORTH GIPPS LAND GOLDFIELDS. Dr MACKAY gave notice that, on Thursday, he would ask if any steps had been taken to appoint a warden for the North Gipps Land goldfields. TELEGRAPH, ETC., GIPPS LAND. Dr MACKAY gave notice that, on Thursday, he would ask how soon the expenditure of the money voted for telegraphic communication, public buildings, etc., in North Gipps Land, would be commenced. pensions. j Mr BROOKE gave notico that, on Thursday next, ho would move for copies of all correspon- denoe, minutes, and regulations, as to granting ' pensions to responsible ministers. provident institute. Mr SNODGRAS3 gave notico that, nr(it day, ho would ask the hen tho Chief Seorot'sry, whether the Gorerumont had had under con sideration tho serious losses inflicted upon « members of the working classes of this colony J by tho failure of tlio Provident Institute, "with ( tho view ot affording eomo guarantee for tho , luture ub to the liability of such institutions. ladies benevolent societies. Mr MACGREGOR gnvo notico that, next 1 day, ho would ask if tho Government intended , to propose a vote in aid of the Ladies Benevo- ; lent Societies in Melbourne and Gcelong, as recommended iu tho report of tho committee | on Municipal and.Charitablo Institutions. assessment 01 buns. Mr DUFFY laid on tho tablo a report in , relation to tho arbitration on pastoral runs, tho laBt of which was only received that day. When it waa circulated hon. members would see tlint it was undesirable to proceed with tn' , Lend Bill till they had this document. The roturn was reooivod, and ordered to 'fie on tho table. newspaper bill. Mr SULLIVAN asked the hon. the Att orney General, whether it was the intentior ; 0f the Government to proceed with the Ne'Wapaper Bill, and when. Mr. IRELAND replied that all the infor mation aaked for by the hon. . mar abor would bo found on tho notice paper. coal and geeenstoi.ib, Mr DUFFY took the opportunity of inform ing hon. membors that ho 1 met laid oh the table in the library, for exaur nnation, a speci men of coal found by Mr Mr Donald, assistant surveyor on tbo road botwer ;R Melbourne and GippsLand ; and also a spucimon of a valuable greonatoue found in largi, abundanco in the Geciong district. railway committer's eeport. Mr HOUSTON bro ught up the second progress report of the Select Committeo on tho railway traffic department. The report, which wos roccivod and road, was to tlio effect that tho committee were of opiuion tliot their previous report had been fully borne out, and further confirmed by tho additional evidence taken. electoral act amendment bill. Tho Electoral Act Amendment Bill, with amendments, was received from tho Legislative Council, and tlio consideration of tho amend ments was made an order for Friday. districts councils t1ill. The Districts' Councils Bill, with amend-, mcnte, waa . received from tho Legislative Council, and tho consideration' of tlio amend ments was mado an order for Friday next. east collingwood improvement bill. _ The East Collingwood Improvement Bill, with amendments, was recoived from the Legislative Counoil, and tho amendments were ordered to bo taken into consideration for a future doy. supply — Tnn VICTORIA. ' ' ' Tho House then went into committeo of supply., Mr HAINE3' said ho proposod first to proceed with tho vote for tho steam sloop Victoria. The committee on a former oocasion agreed to onehalfof tliototal amountthon asked for, but required that a reduction should be mado on tho other half. The cstimato ho now submitted was in accordance with the deter mination of tlio House; and as it hod been in tho hands of bon. members for somo time, he' presumed lion, membors were - acquainted with, it. Tho first part mado provision for the offi cers who would bo retained on a reduced scale; tbo second related to tho timo of reduction, and the third prsvidod .for compensating tboso who would bo discharged. The reductions bad throughout beon made in aocordauco with tho provisions in respect to suoh esses of tho Eng lish Armed Vessels Aot. Tiio lion, member conoluded by moving, that tho sum of LC7I6 Gs be voted for salaries and wages' to the offi cers and mon of tho Btcom sloop Victoria. Mr B. G. DAVIES observed a note to tho effect that, in addition to the salary, the com mander and lieutenant wore to have a house, with fuel and water ; and asked wliothcr tlioso officers lived on board tho vessel or on slioro. Mr M'CULLOOH said that, though sitting oloso behind the lion, tho Treasurer, hp had been unable to hear a single word of his expla nation. Ho thought tho question put by tho hon. membor opposite was a vory pertinent ono,— especially as, somo years ago, it was determined to discontinue allowances to otfioerd in the pi" sic eervico. . " " MrHAINE said lie was surprised that tho hon. member (Mr M'Uulloeh) should ask such a question, for tlio allowance was ono that was made when 1.0 himself was Treasurer, und he must, therefore,' know all about it. Ho. had. not seen any reason to depart from tho course taken by his prb'lootssors in tins matter. . ' Mr WOOD'snid ho would oppose .any in crease in the vote for 'this -vessel; and if ..any hon. moinbsr would. mivo that the vote font | be struck elf altogether, In would support. The Victoria cost as much as a ship of. war, "'and tho ghost of a shot. Whore, he asked, would she8ha'vd been in »» | b i any portion- of ho deto ' , > por_ every information a £ubmittyca. He saw, (ion proposod to b . LGO.OOO on Now,! if the House agreed to tho vota for a steam-ram, the; Victoria Would be' useless aftorwardsj-but if- the- House objeoted to such a vote, it might bo desirable-' to retaiii the Victoria in .a .fully equipped condition; . -- . Mr HAINES taid he. bad .writtau to Mr Childers as to tho cost and main tenance of an iron-plated vesssl o( war, and ho was receiving information hj every mail on the Bubject. . Ho did not ..think that tho, Victoria could be regarded as a material moans of defence ; but, at tho same timo, lio thought that, till a better Tessel was obtained, slio should bo kept iu condition fitted for civil service. If slio wero discontinued, tbo officers and men who had been trained to war practice would soon be scattered, and might not be got together again when tlioy obtained a better vessel. As tho Victoria could not ba regarded as a part of a general schema of de fence, it was not necessary that ho should bring this" vote under consideration simulta neously with tho votes for defensivo purposes. MrVERDON contondod that if tho Vic toria was not considered a material means of defence, there was uo use 'in nuir tabling a complement of officers that was required for her as a vessel of war. It was quito clear tlioy could not deal with this question satisfactorily, until they had tlio wholo question of tho defer ces before them. Mr HAINES informed tho lion, momber tliat the vote ho now submitted was one ho wo3 opposod to. Tlio House ohjeclcd to the vote ho originally brought down, and required him to ,'briog down a re ducod vote, and hou. members who supported the roduction, now appeared to oppOBO it. Mr J. T. Sill I'H thought they should not do away with tho Victoria till tlioy got another vessel. Whilst they kept her up they should provide for hor being retained on a full com plement. . Mr BRODRIBB also thought tho vessel Bhould bo kept on tho same footing as last year, especially in view of recent events in Now /.oaiana, until tlioy uotcimiucd what should be the nature ot tlio dofences to bo providijd. If all the military woro called off to New Zea land there would bo no means of protecting tho shipping in tho port if tlio Victoria was discontinued. Ho moved that the estimate ba increased to tho same amount as Inst year. Mr WOODS considered., .whatever amount of money was expended upon tho Victoria, would be a waste of t'jo publio , funds, as it would bo impossiblo t'j mako hoc a irieaus of defence. Ho trusted tho Government would -withdraw the vote until the; wholo question of tho defence of t jie colony - could ba entered into. . Mr EJNOD'GRASS was Qf opinion that tho YCBiel wouIcVproTo very useful if placed upon tho footing proposed by tho- Government, and ho hflDPr , fUa vntn npAitf J J 1- r% nuutu uo Hgccuu to. ;Mr .ffAJNES said it was tho duty of tho r0Tfnment to tako the be?t po'jfliblo measures tlio dofenco of thot colony, and thoy could "\it overlook the opinion of, able authorities, if ho had recommended thb retention of tho res8el. Mr FRANCIS- complr,ined of tho manner in I vhicli ttio reduotiona had been made, the ifficera' salaries being "kept up at tbo expense if tho men. Although there woro only 53 men on tho Bloop, (ho number of officers was 20\. Ho denied tlat tho vessel was a necessity, md pointed out that at Sydney, Canada, the Dapa of Good Hope, and other colonies, no luoh defonco ' ns considered necessary. Mr O'SF.AIfASSy considered tlio vessel was not or ,ly deairablo, but", necessary, aud nnder tlio, present circumstances, with tho prospect of a war in New Zealand, it would bo uuw'.so to alter tho footing of tho voire1 . Mr LEVEY thought tho best thing for tbo "treasurer to do would be, to let tho vote s'ip through altogether. Ho", considered tho 5U ji of money proposed to bo, given was not 0 nly a useless expenditure, hut would pro duce some amount of mischief. Ho recom mended -tho striking out of tho yoto altogether, and the payment of retiring, allowances or compensation to tho officers. Mr M'CULLOOH objected to eo largo an cxpanditure as the sum proposed, and thought that the House should not ogres to tho vote until a statement had bsc received from tho Government as to what they proposed to do with the vessel. Mr HAINES explained that if tho reduction whiok hpd been proposed wero made, so consi derable a sutu would havo to bo. paid as com pensation, that tho saving altogothor would amount to only LS32.. Mr LEYI supported tho preposition for increasing tho vote. After some furthor discussion, the amend ment proposed by Mr Brodribb.that in tho opinion of the committeo tho voieliq increased by tbo sum of L'1255 10s, in order that the vessel might bo rotaiucd on tho somo ecalo as last year, was put and carried on a!division, b, a majority of 23 to 10. 'j- Tho voto originally proposo(l,riyas thon put and passed; and tho other portions of the amended estimate wore withdrawn1, being ren dered unnecessary by the carrying of Mr Brodribb's amondmcnt. , > : \- education, .'J . j Mr HAINES next proceeded with tho voto for. education. Ho remarked that ilio sum of L25,000 had already been voted for this pur pose, and- tliat thero still remained of tho original . vote L7S,000 to bo considered. J.HI3 BULLA , AiUtlQICt n»U UU ( iUUVI to the necessities of tho country, and ho would therefore, in proposing it, move that it should bo increased. T(io lion.: membor for tho East Bourko Boroughs, ho.obserrcd, had; a notice of motion on this' snhject on tho paper, but .he thought tlio hon., momber should not proceed with it, inasmuch' na if sit wero carried, tbo effect would be to eucumber tbe Appropriation Act with conditions as to tho expenditure of the voto ; arid would also operate to tbe setting aside of his own bill for, tlio regulation of common' schools, , Tbe hon. member ooncluded by moving that the sum of L75.000 bo voted for tlio purposes ot oducation; and furthor, that in the opinion of tho committee, tho amount should be increased by tbo sum of L25,000. " , , Mr HEALE3 then roso to proposo the fol lowing motion standing in his name.:— " This Committeo is of opinion that the grant for subdivision No I should bo increased ' by L1030 for contingencies ; and that tho grant for subdivision No 2 Bhould bo increased by L2i,000 j and that no part of i tlio entire sum of L115,700 should bo expended acaorditig to tho systorri generplly kuowq as payment by results ; but \ that out out of the said ontiro sum of Lil5,700 tlio sum of L5000 should bo expended in payment of' tho salaries of teachers of music, and" drawing; and tliat the remainder of the said j ontiro sum of L115,700 namely, L110,700, siiould be expended in tbo payment of grunti- in-aid to the salaries of teachers and pupil touchers of schools, according . to the iiuoiber of teacliors required in tlibin, and for augmenta tion of teachers' salaries, according, - to their classification, as shall bo determined by thq Board of Eduoatiou, subject to tho provisions of tho 15th section of the Oommon.- Schools Act; and that salaries of toaohers .bo paid monthly, and to them directly." Tho lion, member said that his reason for postponing this amendment was to secure that the money should not bo expended, on tho prinoiplo of payment for results, and that the Common Schools Aot should be carried out in its integrity. Tho Education bill that was introduced by the Chief Secretary, did not acknowlcdgo tlio principle of classification, but proceeded on tlio basis of payment for results ; and it was a remarkable coincidence lljat tlio regulations finally prreintcd by the Board of Education wero unmistakeab'y provided for tlio same purpsso. Tho bill and tho regula tions, in fact, seemed to have'booa drawn , by tlio saaio person. By tho Chief. Sccrotaryje bill there would have been paid to the teachers,, independent of result", on tho r.v. i jge pf tin four cissies i set down' -iu the . bill a sum of 13s 01 for e .ch child, and . for each ipfsi.t under seven years of ago LI, miking a totul,ii.- depeudentof resil!r,of LI 13s 6d. According io" the regulations of tlio board, uuder parage.): h eight, tlioro would be a payment independent of results r.f 15s for o.icli : child, as against 13s G1 under tho Oliief Secretary's bill ; ai.d for each infant un lor seven years of ago 15e, | as ngainst Ll — making a total of LI 10s s against a total of Ll 13: 6d, or a diffcren- o only of 3s G.l. Again, as regarded results:: | The average to tlio teachers uudor . the Chief Secrqtary's bill would huro be;n LS Is 3d, ' ani under. Uiq.rigulations"bj tho board, L2'8s.' From this it was cleat that to adopt' the rbgu- lationa of the board would virtually 'ba .'to- adopt. thoChief Seorotary's bill j which was. negatived last Bessiem- This fact, he thought, 'was a sufficient reason why he should ask tho .committee tosupport in -its integrity a bill that was .passed, lust session,' by largo majorities, in both brsuclic3 of tlio Legislature. . Ho had frequently boon misrepresented by various members in tlio House, and (lie lion, the Treasurer had gono so far as to twit him, in proposing tlio sum of L100,000, by remark ing that " tbo hon. member for East Bourko Boroughs could uot object to this amount." There wib no doubt that education had beon too expensively maintained in tho colony, and' tbo results had not been commensurate with the expenditure. Ho would call attention to tho remarks he had used iu introducing the Cc-mmon Schools Bill for tlio second reading, from which it would bo seen that, iu asking for the increase to tbo rote, lio was only asking for what be had applied for on that occasion. Ho had been accused of wishing to dccreaso tho amount to ISO, 000, but his arguments had merely gono to bIiow that greater results could be obtained for a less sum of money than wos then paid. Tho object of tho bill was to give an increased amount of oducation for a loss sum of money, and tlio principles upon which it had boon framod was that educational results could not be bo obtained without classification, which in "jt-a turn could not bo obtained without p;0Per numbers to enablo that classification, fj 'be made From tho reports which ha _from tho various boards it. B,10wn tlmt a great saving was effictn., b-. mabir,g tbo schools of a certain sizq, tut, tb-.it more good was ac complished in largo so'.iools with a small amount of money than io the smaller soliools wiili a great waste of educational power and public money. Tl'.ee,-. were tho facts upon which ho bad basod. hjs nrguments, and when ho had said tlidt 1,80,000 would accomplish as much, wuu.c mo regulations which ho proposed, as Ll 2 5,000 expended - under tho old system, lie did not think ho was open to tho cliargo of endeavouring to reduce the vote. The rules which were now under the consideration of tho Board seemed to him to be such as would tend to degrade tho teachers, lower tho stan dard of education, and prevent that disoiplino without which proper re sults could not . bo produced, Tho object of educational endowment woe to giro the children of all classes euch an education as would ..render tbem fit for any position' iu which thoy. might bo placed, mul these regula tions operated directly upon tho efficiency of tlioso persons who. were placed in chargo ot the children by moking,.thqir remuneration un certain. Taking a school of thirty children, v» "o t WWUIUMM g wuu ACU9 UUGnCU by tbe rules it would bo found that tbe tooehor'a roTenuo would bo about L 45 per aunum, aud as. tbe gorornmout aid would be equal to tho fees received, the total amount whioli tho teacher would recoivo in a year would bo 190. - Now, ho would ask if this was a sufficient, or eyon a reasonable sum. Ho thought not. Besides, tho teacher, from cir oumstances which ho could not control, might not be ablo to muator all liis cbildron when tho Impootor paid his accustomed visit and in tliat cose hp . would not got . any portion of the public grunt. Another con dition was tbat if the inspector found fault with tho mode of Instruction pursued in any school tho . teacher's salary might bo stopped, and this wr,s another illustration of the fact tbat too much power was left in tho hands of tho uospcotors. Thero was anothor condition to which ha must tako exception, is., that which provided that payments should bo made eoly onco in six months,— a timo much too tang for tho teachers to wait. Too much could not bo eatd against the system of payment by results. It hod boon condemned by the best writers on educational questions in tho old country, and spoaking of tho higher results of eduoation, ono of those writers, Mr Morel, had Tory truly said that'tho best results we5V3 " those which could not bo measured." Now, tho results which wero coutcmplatod fcy tho regulations wero just those which could bo measured, nud all the higher results wore overlooked. Tlio system had been unanimously condemned by the principal religious bodies, tho Church of England, tho Wesloyan, Motliodist, and Presbyterian Churches having all sent iu their protests against it. By adopting his resolution a ays torn would be carried out which ho thought would be beneficial aliko to tho teachers and the children, and toud materially to advanco the causo of education in the colony. Thoro was ono branch of the subject which ho had not touched upon, viz, tho propriety of pro- Tiding instruction in singing and drawing in tho publio schools j but ho had already taken up so much of tho timo of tbo IIouso that ho should leavo that question to those mombers who felt desirous of pressing it. Mr. O'SHAJfASSY contended that tho regulations referred to by tho hon. mombor (Mr Heales) could not bo dealt with as such, inasmuch as it was not known whether thoio regulations, a copy of which hod obtained cir culation in an underhand way, had or had not beon confirmed.1 As to tho complaints of tho hon. .member against tho board, tho effect of his speech amounted to an interferonco with the provisions of his own bill; for to carry out hia brefiorifc vi(w« wnnlrl h« fn board called ijto existence by his bill, and keep .tho raansgomoiit of education in tho hands of the Houso, . As to the regulations on which the hon. membor had commouted, ho stated that Bo.far from tho copy that had beon circu lated boifig tho final copy, tlio fact was that tho secretary only expected to receivo tho matured regulations from tlio board in a week honco. Tkq hon member thon 1x0111 011 to stuto that no alteration that could bs inado in tho carry ing out of the Comtrion Schools Act would satisfy him for the promotion of education in the colony ; and proceeded to explain why ho .boliovcd tho net would not work successfully, remarking that by tbe alteration mado iu tlio education system by tho. Common Schools Act . it would not do possibla to maintain the Bauio number of .schools for tbo eamo amount as formerly; and tlio deficiency, ho boliovcd, would bo 173 schools and 300 teachers, Ho olso poiuted out tho antagonism of the motion to tho not, cud defended tho membors of tbo board from 2/10 charges mudo naaiusl them by tho hon. member for tho East Bourko Boroughs. As to tho motion, he taid that personally ho was indifferent as to whether it waa . carried or not, for lio wos satisfied serious injury would bo dono either way ; hut as a member of tlia Govornmont, ho, as well as his colleagues, objected to tho Appropria tion Act being evory year o.'iouiu- bored with renditions as to this voto. 'Tlio board, ho maintainod, ought ta to havo nn opportunity of maturing their , arrangements boforo tlioy woro censured by tho (ion mombor, arid that morcly 011 tlio strength of rumours and of 'incomplete doeutnonts sur reptitiously obtuincd. ' Mr HIGINBOT'HAM did net think tho boqrd would bo justified in fronting tho rcsolu- t ion ss a harsh and unfair intcrfcreneo with their functions, for tlio motion would only indicate to tho board whnt were tho wishes of tiio Houso in regard to tho oxpondituro of tlio money. If tlio regulations of tlio board did not involve payment by results, this resolution would jio a very harmless one, and if tlioy did invqlyo payment for results, thoreaolution would bo n vjiiuablo one, inasmuch as it would prevent 'tho board from carrying out a system opposed to tho mind of tlio Legislature. " Tho membors 6f tlio board ought to havo known that the Legislature condomned tho prinoiplo of pay moil thy results ; und ought not therefore to have framed regulations bneid 011 that principle. ..Ho thought it would havo boon move advisablo that this voto had been post poned till aftbr tho ma'ured regulations' ul" the bltrd had brim officially laid before them. , Mr J. T. .SMIL'II opposed tho moHnj'as .by passing it ,111.8 Houso wotild beus.-umhig a power. , it .'.JIliU no. right io assume, for .tiio. ;other';,branoii of tho L?gisl:iluro had a . right to ho oonsultod on any quo3tion that, amounted to,, an act of legislation. Ho also thought tho' resolution would bo a ccneu-o on tho members.of tho b.-nril, although thoy know that those gontjcinon wiro of tho highest and most honourablo character. As all this agitation had arisen 'in consequence of tho publication of a document that must havo beon stolen from tho possession of the board, ho thought tho vote should bo postponed till tho regulation# ot the Board neru before iL.m, 7Mr HAINEi'sbid tjhdtonly way to oloso tho session.-, eras, . to .. proceed .to ,bu9iners, ard ho : -lharefore thought it would bo unwise to pbsP" | .poius tho vote. Ho ohould'". haire been :willirig.l .to wait for tho report of . t hb " board if ho t thought it would havo bccri' rcceived in time, !, but as- this did not seem to bo probable, it! would nit be advisable to defer tho question ! to a future occasion. As to tlio supposod violation of tho Act on the part of tlio board,! lio maintained 'tlmt itwo'nld bo impossiblo for , them to travel beyond tho provisions of tho ' law, and all apprehension on that point should 1 bo removed. ' | Mr M'OANN said tho Chairman of the j board liad publicly etuted, and tho statement ; bad been recorded iu tho public journals, that : it was intended to adopt the system of payment by results, and with this statement before the iq j it was high lime for tho Houso to step in. | Mr BRODRIBB urged tho impropriety 0f j discussing regulations which had n jt been de- 1 cidod upon by tlio board, and Suggested tho ! propriety of the voto being 'withdrawn ' until | tlioso had been ascertained. JIo really thought : it would hardly bo right (0 proceed with the ' question until tho had been published; j and lie, therefore, iovcd that progress be re ported. Tho moli jfl wa3 agreed to, and progress was then rCjCrtecl, loavo being given. .'t'ensed rmi.icans ao! amendment i bill. The House then went into committee for tho further consideration of this measure. Mr ORKNEY moved tbat the chairman do now leave tlio chair. Mr SNODGRA33 opposod tlio motion, 03 tho biil was a valuable osc, and should be proceeded with. Mr ORKNEY considered that astheliconses had been granted for the preeent year, thero was no neoiBsity to proceed with tho moasure until next session. Mr HOUSTON submitted that at tho pro- . sent late period of the session it would not be auvisaDie to go on witu uio measure. Mr LEVEY hoped tho bill would bo pro ceeded with, as it involved important questions which demanded settlement. Mr M'CANN supported the mofion. Mr BERRY opposod tho motion on tho ground that a necessity existed for legislation on the Biibject. The question was thon put and negatived on a division by 2-L votes to 13. Mr WOODS moved that tho Chairman report progress, arid a division having taken place, the motion was ogrcod to. ... Progress was then reported, and leave ob tained to sit again on tlio following day. The remaining business haying been post poned, the House adjourned at twenty-five minutes to twelvo o'clock. 