SURVEY OF THE GIPPS LAND LAKES. ' District Survey Office, Sale, 23id April. ii 55m,— I beg to inform you mat, in nccoruanco ?with yonr received instructions, I proceeded to the cntrnnco of the Gipps Lnnd lakes, and completed, with nil possible despatch, a survey — plan of which, tectker with report, I hnvo now tho honor ol for warding for your information. i' Tho iiuestion of keeping open a permanent ^trn.iM to tho extensive lakes and rivers of North Gipps Land is ono -which has occupied the attention of residents for many years, and one upon which there is much differonco of opinion. Tho uncer tainty ftlso wliich envelopes it docs much to retard tho progress of the district ; and the powerful motive of 6clf-interest has been so constantly imported into all discussions upon the subject, that, as a conse quence, much acrimonious and ill-feeling has been (he result. That such an undertaking, if success fully accomplished, would add materially to tho im portance and prosperity of tho district, none have the temerity to deny. It is, therefore, with much pleasure I reiterate my conviction (althongh I differ with many, whoso opinions, I conceive, are entitled to equal value; and perhaps more wci'ht than my own) that an opening may be 'made permanently practicable for powerful steamers of light draught of water. This opinion I plncL'd on record after my first visit to the entrance, in Jannary, 1855, now upwards of eight years ago. Sinco then I have been down several times, but no change has occurred that would induce mo to alter my first impressions. I have already intimated that I was considerably retarded in carrying out my in structions by tho unprecedantedly high Hoods, that camo down just as I had my arrangements com pleted for starting— thoy sank my boat, and other wise caused much unavoidable delay. The weather also, on our trip down, proved uupropitious, as it blow almost a hurricane for two days, obliging us to ran under Bhelter several times. However, arrived at the entrance, tho weather cleared up, and we had a few beautifully fine days, onabling me to make a detailed survey and take soundings. In my report to Cuptain Clarke, in 1855, I expressed my belief thnt it would be necessary, in order to maintain a permanent communication between tho lakes and tho sea, to divert the channel a mile and a-hiilf eastward, directing it first into Lake Bunga, ami thence, by an old watercourse, along tho bottom of a precipitous rocky range, to tho Red Bluff, where it would discharge into the sea, protected from idl danger in an castorly direction by the Hod Bluff lloef. It was evident to mo, on my first ex amination, that natural causes wore slowly but surely effecting that which I recommended to bo mastered liv artiiicial aid ; and that timo would eventually accomplish, and give to a futnro generation advan tages, and a means of developing tho resources of the district, which tho present inhabitants might previously secure to themselves by tho jndiciouB ex penditure of a comparatively trifling outlay. Each succeeding visit has but confirmed me in this im pression. During the poriod that has elapsed be tween January, 1855, and November, 1862, the en trance shifted eastward fully a mile. Thus a change took place in eight years that I then, at tho lowest estimate, calculated would rcquiro upwards of thirty ; and although on my last trip I found tho entrance had re trograded a quarter of a mile westward again, yet this is evidently only a temporary retrogression, and can easily be accounted for ; in fact, a circum stance that will rather oxpedito tho efflux in reach ing the Bluff than otherwise. Upon comparing my Burvev with that of Mr Smythe, it will be seen that since the latter was made, a sand-ridge, npwards of a quarter of a mile wido and fourteen feet high, has been completely washed away, so that Lake Bunga is no longer a lake, but meroly a back-water or tribu tary creek to Reeve's River. The current, having swept away tho sand-ridge on tho west side of Lake Bunga, was checked in its onward course by that on the east sido, which is covered with dense scrub and matted togofclier with roots. An eddy was thus formed, the reflux of which naturally broke through the sand within tho circle of its influence on the other side of the channel, so causing it to turn, for a truce, westward again. That tangled and matted bank is now, no doubt, being washed a''ny faster than if tho opening had continued nearer tho Bluff Tho morning after our arrival at the entrance was particularly fino, so I took the opportunity of going out to sea and sound ing the bar, upon which we found fivo feet of water at three-quarter tide. We also took soundings of tho reef, with the following results ; — At 75 yards from shore, 1 fathom ; at 150 yards, 2.J fathoms ; at 200 yard, 3 fathoms ; at 250 yards, -i fathoms ; at 300 yards, 4J fathoms ; at 400 yards, 5 fathoms ; deepening to 7£ and 8 fathoms at half a milo off. The reef, I may mention, is dry twenty to thirty yards at low water. Upon tho west sido of the reef, the water is deep and bold to within a short distance of high-water mark. As to the best means of ac complishing so desirable an object as that of secur ing uninterrupted communication by water-carriage between the interior of Gipps Land and tho outside world, I am of opinion that tho first step to bo taken is to cut a channel immediately under tho rocky ridge to tho Red Bluff. This would require but little labor, as once the water tms induced to flow in ever so small a stream, it would soon wash out a deep and practicable channel witbont further aid ; and as tho eastern or northern Bide of tho entrance would then be bounded en tirely by rocks, no danger need bo apprehended of its closing up from that side. To secure tho op posite side, I conceivo it would bo necessary to pile it, leaving sufficient width to allow of the immense discharge of water that sometimes takes place after floods, but at tho samo timo confining it within such limits that the wash would keep it of a uniform depth. If funds were sufficiently plentiful to allow of it, the rtef might also be advantageously con verted into a more perfect breakwater, abundance of stono being procurable on the spot. In the pre ceding paragraph, I have used the term wash rather than current, as at times I have seen a strong tide run ning into the lakes. This takes j-lace during long contained droughts, when the discharge of tho riveis into tho lakes is low ; at such times the lower parts of tho river nearest tho entraneo are brackish. This season, tho water at Bairnsdalo was unfit for use. It may bo advanced that during these periods the channel would be liable to bo blocked up, tho current not being continuously outward, but on look ing at tho entrance to Port Albert, I find exactly the Bame process going on, under nearly similar features, and although the channel never closes up, but gene rally remains at the samo uniform depth, yet it often alters, causing both inconvenience and danger. To obviate this, I heard an experienced practical en gineer suggest tho samo plan of piling tho sides and limiting the width that I proposed for the entrance to the lakes ; and, in my mind, I have no doubt that Uie work would bo attended with success at either place. I was desirous also of obtaining tho rise and fall of the tide, but during my stay it varied so from tho amount of flood water, and tho many changes in tho wind, that I found it impossible io ao more than get a very rough approximate. From the observations I made, I consider neap tides to be a little over f onr feet, but tho direction and strongth of the wind will often cause a difference of several ™t. It ig not impossible that the effectual comple tion of such an undertaking as that of diverting the channel may be seriously interrupted by a substratum of stone projecting from tbo adjacont rocks, under lying the courso of the proposed deviation so near to we surface as to prevent a sufficient depth being ob tained without blnsting. But I apprehend no such jhfhculty. The boldest and deepest water between we entrance and Lako King is immediately under togh ranges extending from Mount Barkly, or Jamie's ioint, to near Tambo Bluff. These ranges nro a continuation of the Red Bluff Range, broken only by North Arm and Lako Bunga, which, correctly speaking, aro but indents ; thorofnro, I argue from analogy that tho samo features displayed by the samo twge for so great a length are continuous through out, and I should expect tho rock to maintain its almost vertical face to a considerable depth below 16 B°rface ; but, being unprovided with boring ap „ r^1 1 WM .unable to test the fact. ™he confident manner in which I have ex pressed my opinions in this report, may appear to savor of egotism ; but I ouly give my own convic 'ons, strengthened as they have been from year to year by observing them partially realised ; and that, ?» -? 8t«ted in my first report, so I still feel my in competences to deal with a matter presenting to me »Mli novel features, and one in which I lmvo had «- little prnctical experience. For this reason 1 regret exceedingly tho mistake made by tho Vic toria; and although it has been asserted that tho 'Port made by Mr Wardell on tho entrance to the MovfyBiver would be equally applicable as a report on tuo entrance to tho Gipps Land lakes, yet in my opinion tho rocky range and reef extending there m constitute a very marked and important differ ence between tho two places. Mr Bulmer, mis 'onary to the aborigines, informed me that a few f'8 be'ore I went down ho walked across the on {™-« i dry shod. Since then the steamer Entorpriso *nj ly titfonga on her voyage to Melbourne, m reP°rt«d eight feet of water on'the bar at low tide. These two circumstances show obviously the uncertainty of the present entrance, which, I bo lievc, would bo practically impossible to keep perma nently open. By skill and capital almost any engin eering difficulty may bo overcome, but in this instance the expense would be so enormous that to attempt it would bo ridiculous. Nor am I san guine, even should the diversion of tho channel prove successful, that it will be availablo for sailing vessels without many attendant risks. Tho length of unsheltcrol beach renders it at all times 'hazardous to approach this part of tho coast of Australia, without tho means of being able to stand out to sea again under all circumstances. But with powerful steamers), built expressly for tho pur pose, I would anticipate little difficulty in keeping up constant communication between North Gipps Land and tho outside world, believing, as I do, that under similar conditions of wind and tide, they would as easily pass in and out of tho lakes as get to sea from any other port. I have the honor to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, ' W. T. Dawsoh, District Surveyor. ' C. W. Ligar, Esq., Surveyor- General, Mel bourne.' A man who squinted, but was unaware of his in firmity, had his portrait taken by Nicholson, and, on being invited to inspect the performance, said, with rather a disappointed air, ' I don't know — it seems tome — does it squint ?' — ' Squint!' replied Nichol son, ' no more than you do.' — ' Really !' well, you know best, of course ; but I declare I fancied there was a queer look about it !' — Miners' (PottsvillcJ Journal. To PiiESF.nvn Potatoes from Rot. — A corres pondent of the Scientific American says that ho has tried the following method of keeping potatoes for four years with complete success, though in some instances a portion of the tubers were diseased when taken out of the gronnd : — 'Dust over tho floor of the bin with lime, and put in about six or seven inches deep of potatoes, and dust with lime as before. Put in six or sovon inches of potatoes, nnd lime again ; repeat the operation till all are stored away. Ono bushel of lime will do for forty bushels of potatoes, though more will not hurt them — tho lime rather improving the flavor than otherwise.' Houace Vkuket's Portraiture. — Horace Vor net would have been invaluable as a detective draughtsman ; if lie once had a good look at a man, he could, from memory, produce a striking likeness. It was a happy knack he had, and sometimes an un fortunate knack, for, unconsciously, he would asso ciate certain people's features with particular acts. If he represented in one battle-piece a soldier flying, with fear and terror expressed on his countenance, his crayon would, in spite of himself, tease the familiar features of some well-known personage who had distinguished himself by a lack of pluck ; and in one of his grand pictures, wishing to represent a rapacious, grasping Israelite, he drew tho features of a contemnorarv, whom many will recognise at tho first glance. I have said this was sometimes an unfortunate knack, because it has occasionally got him into trouble. — Dickens's All the Year Round. A Clemcaii Error. — It is said, I know not with what truth, that the stylo of tho new Emperor was tho result of a clerical error. In tho course of its preparations for constituting the Empire, the Home Office wished the country to take up a word which should bo intermediate between ' President' and 'Emperor,' so the Minister determined to order that Franco should suddenly burst into a cry of 'Vive Napoleon !'. and he wrote, they soy, the fol lowing order, ' Que le mot d'ordre soit Vivo Napo leon ! ! !' The clerk, they say, mistook the throe notes of admiration for Roman numerals, and in a few hours the forty thousand communes of France had cried out so obediently for ' Napoleon III.,' that the Government was obliged to adopt tho clerk's blunder. — Kinglake's Invasion of ilia C'remea. The Worn) ' Garotte.' — In tho field of La Punta, in tho Havannah, on tho 1st September, 1851, General Lopez was executed by order of tho Spanish Government, who had captured him after almost hunting him to death with bloodhounds. The Spanish mode of execution, by means of an instru mont called the garotta — a strap fastened to the back of a heavy chair, in which tho victim is seated to be strangled — was rather fully described in tho news papers, as the death of General Lopoz was nt that time a subject of tho deepest interest. This was probably the first occasion on which the British public bad heard of tli-e garotta, and so great was the fascination of horror 'implied by' tho mode of death so described, that people took the earliest op portunity of adopting the word, and tho verb ' to garotte,' was found useful to denote a method of robbery which arose at about the same time, and of which we . have unfortunately heard a great deal too much ever since. — Alhenwum. Transmission op Letters. — A curious project has been set on foot by M. Fagot, of Bordeaux, for tho speedyconveyance of letters between England and Franco. Ho proposes to erect in both countries, at a distanco of about 1000 metres from tho coasts of Calais and Dover, a Btrong editico of masonry, containing a steam-engine of sufficient power, by means of which an immense wheel, twenty-five metreB in diameter, may bo made to turn forty times per. minuto. By this . rotation a series of wires, forming a gigantic strap extending across tho Chan nel, is to be coiled round the wheel at one end, nay at Dover, and uncoiled at tho other, Calais, and conversely. To this strap indiorubber letter-bags aro to bo attached, which are thus convoyed across tho Channel at tho rate of 3000 metres per minute, so that within tho space of twelve minutes the letters and despatches from ono country may be landed on tho other. Tho length alone of the strap is sufficient to causo its submersion, and the transmission might bo effected in any weather. A Prophecy in Jest. —The following extract from a burlesque article in the New Monthly Magazine for 1821 (vol. ii.), entitled ' Specimen of a Pro spective Newspaper, a.d. 4796,' is curious :— ' Tho army of tho Northern States (of Ainorica) will take tho field against that of tho Southern Provincos early next spring. The principal northern force will consist of 1,490,000 picked troops. General Con grove's new mechanical cannon was tried last week at the siege of Georgia. It discharged in ono hour 1120 balls, each weighing fivo hundredweight. The distance of the objects fired at was eleven miles, and so perfect was the engine that the whole of theso balls wore lodged in tho space of twenty feet square.' A subsequent article in this specimen states that, ' by means of a new invention, Dr Clark crossed tho Atlantic in seven days.' How little did tho writer anticipate that, in forty years, these to him wild fancies, would be al.nost realised. It is worth notice that a war between North and South was anticipated. — Notes and Queries. A Roman Ghost Story. — Ono summer evening, when the dusky shadows were deepening in tho church, an agod woman was observed to enter and prostrate herself in a dim corner near the Borghesc Chapel. There, as if overcome by some great omotion, she hid her face, and prayed and wept. As uhe looked up from her prayer, she saw beside hor a female figure clothed in black, who, looking at her with a sad and sympathising gaze, asked why she was weeping so bitterly ? She answered that she was very poor and wretched, and that nil her family were dead, and unless tho Madonna took pity on her, she know not what would become of hor. Thereupon the figuro in black said : — ' Be of good comfort, you shall be taken care of ; silver and gold have I none, but such as I have I givo unto you.' As she said theso words she drew from hor finger a ring with a Urge stone in it, gave it to tho old woman, and disappeared. Tho next morning the poor creature carried tho ring to a jeweller to sell it. The jeweller was struck with its peculiar appearance, and perceiving that tho stono was a very largo and valuable diamond, which ho suspected must have come into her hands by some unfair means, assured her, in order to obtain time, that ho could not trust his own judgment as to its value, and wished to consult some other jeweller boforo fixing tho price ho would pay for it. Meauwhilo he advanced hor a small sum on account, and told her to call again the next day. What was her surprise on returning to find some gendarmes in the shop, who at once arrested her on a charge of stealing, and carried her to prison. It seemed that one of the friends to whom the jewollerhad shown the ring had reccnised it ns one belonging to tho Bor gheso family, and insisted that tho prince should at once bo informed of tho facts. This was accordingly done, and tho prince, on Boeing it, is said to have been greatly overcome. On recovering, he declared that it was an old family ritfK. which lio himself had placed on tho finger of liaVifo in her coffin, and it was buried with her in tno chapel of Sta. Maria Maggiore ; that it could have be'eri stolen from tho tomb was impossible, as the chapel i* locked and guarded day and night ; and not only that *ue tolnb coulli not llttv0 heen- rifled without its bein'S at once known, but that even tiie chapel could not i/avo been entered. The only solu- j ffihat remained W ttat the figure in black was the princess herself. Under those circumstances the old woman was at c™? released, and provided for by the princo.-i?o&« Ji ?vm. By W. W.Mory. ; 