T__si___ic3-_=_j___?_a:io. (FI10.M OUI1 TELEOIIAPIIIC COnr.ESPONDENTS.) SYDNHY. December IS. Tiie eleven of tho Albert Cricket Club selected to play against tbe Alctbuurno Club left to day for Melbourne Thc debate upon tho tariff bas buen ad- journed until Wednesday. Thu postpone- ment is supposed to bo a dodge on thu part of the government. By thu latest papers wo havo the following reports of English Shipping.?Sailed: Tho Aiindne. Loading: The Vernon, Flying Cloud, and Excelsior. Decoinbiir 19. M. C. Cann, for shooting Saville, has boen sentenced to (loath. Thu steamer Fulton has picked up the steamer Thane, destined for Sydney. Tho latter was off tho coast, and was leaking badly. Tho Fulton being short of coals, wns compelled to abandon ber. Tho Thane reached Newcastle this day. Thc Governor of Western Australia has ordered tho stoppage of conditional pardons. MELBOURNE. Thc floods nro subsiding, and traffic is hoing resumed. AD ISLA I DE. Tho Armcninii, carrying troops, lias arrived herc for thc purpose- of making repairs. Is tlie Government Gazette nf Saturday last, it is announced that persons wishing to pro- cure employment ns compilers mulei* thc Cunsu-i Act, aro to forward their applications, in writing, to Hie Itegistinr-Gciicral. Testi- monial-* ns to ability, tee., will bo required. The foundation-stone of the new Congre- gational Church at Goodna, near Woogaroo, was laid on Thursday last by Mrs. Goggs, of Woolston House, in the presence of a nume- rous company who were gathered together to witness the ceremony. At 4 pm. the pro- ceedings were commenced by singing and prayer, after which an address was delivered by the Rev. E Griffiths, of Brisbane, who ex- plained the objects and importance of the work which was commenced in this formal manner. The declaration or history of the church was then read by Mr. Draper, who has very successfully ministered to the people for several months. The declaration itself, written on parchment, was enclosed in a sealed bottle, which was immediately after- wards deposited in the stone. Mrs. Goggs then proceeded to perform the great business of the day, and having spread the cement in a true workmanlike manner, the stone was lowered into its place, and finally adjusted by the lady with mallet and level, the Rev. Mr. Griffiths announcing that the stone was laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Donations were then laid on the stone, and the proceedings were con- cluded with the doxology and prayer by Mr. Kirby, of Ipswich. Messrs. Godfrey and Johnson are the contractors for the erection of the building, and are progressing with the work most rapidly. Only a fortnight has elapsed since the contract was signed, and already the framework is up ready for the roof. The design is neat, and the building is calculated to accommodate about one hun- dred and fifty persons. On Saturday morning last, an ingenious mid woll-planned robbery was successfully carried ont, by which Mr. Bennett, of the West Riding Hotol, Queun-stroot, lost a cash box, contaiuiiig cash and pupers to tho valnu of £30. It appears that whilst tho family were at breakfast, two strangers came to the house, nod were, nllowed to partake of tho moah After it was over, they continued to hang about thu vuraudnh ; and at ll o'clock, when thuro waa nobody iu tho bar hut Mrs. Bennett, two other persons wont into thu enffeu room, nnd ordered drinks. Thoy were served, nnd in tendering payment, a six- pence wns dropped, on thu pretenco of looking for which > otb doors of tho apartment wera closed. Sollie little timo elapsed before it was found, and when Airs. Bennett returned to thu bur, both her cash-box mid tho in- dividuals who had partaken ol'lier hospitality were non est. The alarm, wns nt once givon to thu police, but us yet tho scoundrels have escaped deludion. Kkfekui.ng to tho proposed Intercolonial Mutch, the Queensland Times of Saturday ruinarks that n public meeting, convened by the Mayor under requisition, will bu boldon Tuesday uvoning next, fur tho purposo of co- operating with the Central Committee of Brisbnne in arranging for n urielt.it mutch between Queensland untl'Now South Wales, This object lins been so well received botli iii Brisbane mid soma of ibu inland towns, that without doubt tho peoplu of this town will willingly lend it their assistance. On Friday Inst, un accident, which wns nearly tut initiating fatally, occurred to Mr. J. B. Dixon, accountant iii' tbo Bunk ol' Australasia. Mr. Dixon wiis violently thrown from his horse whilst riding down Qnoen street, mid fruin thu extent of injuries received thero was ut first fear uxprossed that the result would bo fatal. Howover, skilful medical attendance has buen provided, mid thc sufferer is progressing favorably. _ Tub fol owing important notification ap- pears in thu Government Gazette ol' Saturday . ?"Whereas it is very important thnt the Aumin! Statistical Register of Queensland should bu bud beforo thu.Colonial F.trliamont at its meeting in tho mouth of April iu andi year, his Excellency thc Governor, with the ndvicu of thu Executive Council, directs it to bu notified to all bauds of departments, officers of tho police force, mid other civil survmits of government, that thc returns required from them hy tho Registrar-General, for the purpose of enabling him to compile the statistics, must bo forwarded to tho Rugistrnr Goneral's ofliee, correctly mid fully filled up with tho necessary information, on or hoforu thu 1st day of February in ouch year." In the Central Policu Court on Satin day, the business was neither lengthy or im- portant. A drunkard and a person charged with indecent exposure, woro each dismissed. Alexander Pillow, charged with forging and uttering n cheque with intent to defraud George -'arris, was remanded, nt thu request of the chief constable, until this day. The Clarence and Richmond Examiner says :?" Wa ara glad to notico that Messrs. Molison and Black, tho well-known firm of Sydney, have admitted Mr. Smith, for many years with Messrs. Harris, of Brisbane, as n partner in their firm, nnd established an agency iu Queensland. Thu wont of such nn agent was much felt during tbo lute trips of tho Grafton hence to that port; and now that the trade is likely to bo resinned by sailing crofts, we can with confidence recommend tho abovo firm to the notico of shippers, being suro tbat their interest will be well cared for by Mr. Smith, a gentleman who, from his long experience must havo become well ac- quainted with thc Queensland markets." Tue Clarence and Richmond Examiner of the Sth inst., speaking nf the weather, says :? "During the past weok wo have boen favored with n steady rain, which has caused our farmers to rejoice, and tho crops of maize are now looking well, and bid fair fur :i large yield. Up country the min has been much heavier, and the Richmond mail was detained in consequence Oh the south side tbo rivers too bavu all been flooded, and nt night it hus buen quite chilly for this season of tba year. Tho weather too ulong the coast has been very boisterous, but hus now cleared up. and lino weather appears to bavu set in again." The Christinas examination mid distribu- tion of prizes took placu on Friday last, ut Mr. Brown's private school, known us the " Brisbane Academy," Eastrop Cottage Spring Hill. Al lt ii.in. tlie visitors present, consisting of the friends of tho boys, were in- vited to the sehool-ronin to inspect tho exami- nation papers Shortly afterwards thc boys wero cutlud in, and after a few explanatory ruinarks from Mr. Brown, tba prizos wero presented to thu successful competitors hy his Worship tho Mayor of Brisbnno, who accom- panied oach presentation with appropriate mid encouraging remarks. The successful candidates were, in tho first class?English subjects, A. A. Grimes ; classics and modern languages, A. A. Grimes ; mathematics, A A. Grimes. A reward for high inoiit wus nlso presented to Georgo Lindsay Cooper, who is a younger boy, but who wns only n short wny behind Grimes in most of thu abovo brunches. Second elliss?English sub. jects, George E. Markwell ; classics, Sse.' George E. .Markwell ; arithmetic, Thomas S. Warry. Third class?English, R. Bel- ford ; arithmetic, J. Darragh. Luncheon was then served to tba visitors mid pupils, mid everybody nppenred to be very wall pleased with tba progress and ofiiciency dis- played by the pupils, Os Saturday lust tho return match be- tween tho Brisbane mid Victorian Cricket Clubs was commenced at ilia Groan Hil.s. From tho Into hour ut which they began to play, tho Victorians, who went to tho wickets after their opponents, nero iniitblo to com- plete their first innings before tho stumps were drawn. The scoru nt present stands us follows:?Brisbane, all out for 110; Victo- rians, 'JO, for eight wickets. Owing to n pressuro of advertisements we aro compelled to hold over n more lengthened notice of thc piny until to-morrow. Fiio.ii our advertising columns it will bo seen thnt a concert will he given this even- ing, nt the School of Arts, by Miss Kramer and Mr. Kopp. From tho well-known repu- tation of the fair cantatrico, and tho artistic skill of Mr. Kopp, wu littvo no doubt that a musical trent may ho anticipated hy the peoplo of Brisbnne who patronise the concert. A most enticing programme lins beon pub I lished. 