'A "CANAHD" BY TO K Cil-LIGHT. [COMMUN IOATI'D.] A French provincial paper, on the occasion of the recent visit, of the Emperor Louis Napoleon to the great millionaire. Baron Rothschild, (a visit supposed by many to mean something more than a mere complimentary act, or a pleasurable excursion,) gives the following additional and somewhat incredible particulars. " Of the . princely magnificence and costly display with which his Imperial Majesty was received by Baron Roths- child ; of the admiration expressed by the Emperor when conducted through the various courts, vestibules, halls, corridors, saloons, ante- rooms, apartments, passages, archways, grand staircases, and battlements of the chateau ; or when taken down the series of terraces, each adorned with different sorts of rare shrubs and exotic flowers, we have already heard enough throughout France. Passing also over the walk through the luxurious gardens, and the insipid (" lade ") ceremony of the Emperor planting a cedar to commemorate his visit together with the costly festivities and prodigality of the table which followed, on which occasion the ladies all fell into ecstacies with the paintings on the Sevres porcelain, and the noblemen and gentlemen, with the choice and delicious wines lavishly set before them, we will at once go into the grand park. It was there that something extraordinary took place. We do not allude to the thousand head of unfortunate game that were slaughtered in the most im- sportsman like style by the fine hands of the delighted courtiers nothing of the sort. We allude to a private dialogue which took place between the Emperor and the great millionaire. When the dusk of evening came on, the Emperor's travelling equipage was ordered to be got in readiness, and the princely money-lender directed his retainers, each with alighted to eli, to take up positions on the road through the forest. While these arrangements were preparing the Emperor and Baron Rothschild, at the instigation of the former, sauntered slowly together down an avenue of the gardens, and presently seated themselves on richly carved chairs, with purple velvet cushions, in an arbour of flowering oleanders and honey- suckle. They little suspected that they had been followed, and that anybody could overhear their conversation. Such, however, was the case. Keeping them well in view by the flash of the distant torches, an individual had cautiously approached from behind the place where they were seated. Very gradually and noiselessly embedding himself amidst the odoriferous foliage (literally, perfumed leaves, " scuffles perfume ") our adventurous informant remained almost breathless, while listening to the following conversation. It should be I mentioned that the light from the torch bearers on the forest road, though somewhat remote, made it quite possible, every now and then, to catch a glimpse of the faces of these two important personages. B. R.-Yet these pleasures, Sire, after all, do not satisfy. L. N.-They calm and soothe-if we abandon the mind (literally, the brain, "He served") to them. B. R.-But one seldom does so. The restless activity of some men's brains can never find repose in the objects of nature, however beautiful, except for a few minutes at a time. It. N. (Sadly.)-Moreover, the heart is always craving ("desirous"). B. R. (In doubt if he heard Eighty-four Majesty L. N.-As the poets say. B. R.-Ah, yes and we may all call it the " heart," a- a general and convenient term. L. N.-For what, Baron R R. (Hesitating cautiously) For whatever the speculative philosopher, or man of discursive intellect, may have uppermost in his thoughts and desires, so please your Majesty. L. N.-Nothing is uppermost in some minds. B. li.-And everything, in others, your Imperial Majesty would say. L. N.-That amounts to the same thing. All important matters should be ever present, and equally (2 horizontalement calculated. (Literally, brought down to the horizon.) B. R.-What would the metaphysical gentry say to that? Can any man's mental vision reduce all objects to a level, at the same time? For only one great object at a time? L. N Colloquial convenience, my dear Baron is independent of metaphysicians and astronomers. B. R.-Then your Majesty can have one great object at a time, and therefore (with a smile a little uppermost ? L. N,-You expect me to laugh at that B. R.-Oh, Sire, by no means. L. N.-Well, I will not. I will do more. I will confess, Baron, that just at this moment a sudden thought has arisen. ('Taking out his notebook. J B. R.-Which is a little above the level. L. N. ( Writing )-Why-yes-a little above -a few seconds. B. R.-But lofty events may rise out of it? L. N.-Would you like to know, Baron, the note I have just made ? E. R.-Your Imperial Majesty does me too much honour. L. N.-The fact is I want (tearing out the leaf from the note-book) can you guess, Baron? (half presenting the bit of paper.") B. K.-Indeed I cannot, Sire. We all want certain things. L. N. (Drawing back his hand-cut I want a very uncertain thing. B. R. (Smiling and bowing.) Not the moon ? anything else, your Majesty might, perhaps L. N. (thoughtfully.)-When I was residing in London, I often met at Count D'Orsay, an amusing wine-shop of a man (literally one who sucks out of a pughole, " buffeted ") who was always quoting Hudibras and one of his favourite couples would just suit the metaphysical astronomer, whom we just now alluded to. It referred to a saint, Who held the moon was but a piece of red-hot iron as big as Greece." B. R. (after a pause.) - Your Majesty puzzles me. L. N.-You do not believe Prince Alfred will he eventually permitted to burn his fingers with a lunar crown R R.-The British Government will not allow it. L. N. (twirling the note paper between his finger and thumb.) Note episcopal ! B R. (not seeing his way.) Ahern L N.-They might put that in his mouth. B. R. (Quickly.) And what, Sire, would they put in the mouth of Russia ? L. N. (Holding up the bit of paper). An iceberg a la creme. There are several young Princesses and Princes of the Blood Royal, besides the young tourist sailor (2 Joueur de matelot"). B. R.-Well Sire, all this does not help me to solve the mystery of what your Imperial Majesty wants at the present time. L. Nash, as I said, a small matter. (Adjusting the points of his moustache, with one hand, and presenting the bill of paper with the other.) B. R -Good heave "g | L. N.-Rheumati is not gout, I hope, Baron B R.-Two hundred millions-(francs?)-a loan of two hur1("lred-(looking again at the bit of paper) and within three weeks ! L. N. (Drfy.y-Or a fortnight. B. R.-Impossible! your Imperial L. N. (^Calmly.)-Not if the securities were on the combined Banks of France, and (His Majesty pauses ) B. R._And-and " The Emperor here whispered a word in the ear of Baron Rothschild, which our informant was unable to catch, though he risked discovery at that moment by thrusting his head through the foliage as he bent forward, quite forgetful of his danger. " The dialogue has been the talk of all the secret political coteries of Paris, and most of them are agreed that the word which was in- audible must have been the name of the national Bank of another of the Great Powers. If so, it argued a new and most formidable combination for a purpose which was probably immediate, and with a view to act against one or more of the other Great Powers. A fleet of war, with all the last improvements in gunnery, to North America, to Greece, to the Ionian Islands, to the nearest points for the disembarkation of troops from Rome to Petropaulowski, air! thence to New Caledonia, with a view to taking possession of the Australasian group, or to Vera Cruz, with intentions regarding Mexico, and thence to the Southern States of America all these political enigmas we in turn discussed with equal acumen and astuteness, and probably with equal quality, if not absurdity." It is a wonder that the fertile imagination of this very speculative French politician did not include Ireland in the list of inviting fields for this possible, though at present very "shady" expedition. DrEADfuL TRAGEDY on mr Hiaii Slab -At the Winchester Assizes, on the 10th of December, an Austrian namedPctrina, was charged with the wilful murder of Jones, the first mate of the British ship Winthrop, on the high seas, on the 4th of October last. The prisoner, through the interpreter, said he was " forced to do it " The prisoner shipped at San Fran cisco to Monte Video On the morning of the 4th of October, about one o'clock, the rust mite win on deck, and the prisoner told the man at the wheel that he must steer by the stars, as he must put some more oil in the lamp The captain, at that time, was lying apparently asleep on a sofa on the deck outside the cabin The prisoner took up the limp and blew out the light Immediately he heard a heavy Ml, but he could not see any thing Jones at the same time opened the door of the poop and said, " What did you put the light out for >" A pistol was instantly head, and Jones ran rapidly along the deck, pursued by the prisoner, who fired a pistol at him The prisoner at the time was crying out, "No more farina ' At this moment the captain's wife, who had been asleep in her cabin, rushed out of it as I made her way to the p up, and got into the forecastle of the ship, as if seeking protection Jones seemed to have gone round another way, but the prisoner got into the" forecastle first James staggered in, but as met by the prisoner who was then armed with a knife or dagger, with which he stabbed Jones, who fell dead upon the spot. He also killed the cap men's wife Two of the men and scoured to secure the prisoner, but he was too strong for them He must ed on the deck and said he would jump overboard, he, however, went into the cabin, and came out armed with a pistol and an auger He ran about the deck, saying "Now I am captain ," and he threatened to kill them all He ran the auger through the body of the mine After a time he came and asked the men if they were his countrymen as the men, being alarmed, said they were The prisoner then ordered them to throw the mate of seaboard, and in a short time this was done He then told them to throw the captain overboard, and that was done, for he was found dead in his cabin The prisoner then ordered some fowls to be killed, and directed the cook to give all the men a good breakfast Shortly after this he directed them to paint the white parts of the ship black In a short illness or wards the prisoner went into his cabin, and he was observed to put his pistols away ; the men seeing this rushed upon him, " downed him on the deck carried him below, and put him in irons, and wished the securely When brought to Southampton, the prisoner stated that anything he did was to save his life. He did not mean to kill the lady, but he mistook her for the mate. Every day the captain was finding fault with him When he first came on board he was good friends with every one he was ill, and he went to the hospital, and the captain had to pay for it, and he then liked him no more He had seen the captain and armed with his wife and strike her, he was always cross with the prisoner One day when the captain was ashore, he saw the mate come out of the cabin of the captain s wife, and the mate was angry with him for being there The mate gave spirits to the other men, but not to him The captain and his wife spoke to him as if he were a slave 'The captain gave him farina to eat because he did not like it Upon one occasion, when he was lying pretending to be aOeep, the captain's wife said, Oh, that since man is asleep , let us tie his hands and threw him over- board ' The mate said it was no use to tie his hands, as he had himself thrown overboard sees, men, and when the prisoner was sound asleep he would do it He got up and loaded his pistol Three nights after this the captain came and put his hand over his mouth, and the mate had a rope to tie his ha Till they dragged him towards the sofa, but they could not tie his hands The mate knocked him down and tried to put irons on him, and then he struck the mate The learned counsel for the prosecution said the crew would tell them that there was not the slightest truth in any part of this statement The prisoner had gone on to say that the captain seized him and said he would now show the Consul, tile Vice consul, md the Consul General, that if he could not throw him over board alive he could do it when he was dead He then took the hatchet and struck the captain in the face His mate then ran away and he ran after him He saw a white dress and he thought that was, the mate, and he struck at it with the knife, and then he found it was the captain's wife He afterwards struck the mate with the same knife The learned counsel said the crew would prove all this to be false horn beginning to end Evidence in support of this state ment of the case was given, and the prisoner was found guilty and sentenced to twenty European tunes A Railway Stohv -Some years ago a railway potentate was woke up from his slumbers by the care of a wheel bursting and forcing its way through the floor, with a very narrow escape of his person Arriving at a station he telegraphed for all the officers of the line, far and near, and when they were all a-, sembled, fro in shed his walking-stick like a sceptre, and demanded who made the fire On the names of the firm being given he ordered that henceforth hill such tires should be removed, and the firm id further employed At that time a very large number of these tires were being applied to wooden wheels, but they were not here and cooled in the process, only passed on by cold pressure, and they have been in use from that time to this without a failure at high speeds Heads and Hails IisBcitiitLi) Stones in Ciivttov Pvuk - I pity the Berwickshire Naturalists Field Club visited the interesting ancient remains at the little will age at Whatton, in North Northumberland the summit of a rugged steep sandstone hill, there known as Ch land Law, is occupied a its western end by an ancient strong British fort, defended by three samplers The view from the hill 13 very extensive, and within a radius of two miles Six other camps are said to be visible But the most curious and interesting chess there are some singular sculptures on the scalp of rocks which protrude from the soil on the higher parts of the hill, one within the camp referred to, and the other about two hundred yards to the east ward. The Sculptures are incised, and the principal inform consists of concentric circles, with 1 central nor low, from Ah ch a straight incised line or groove proceeds through the series of circles and beyond them Several similar inscriptions, we are informed, have been found in other parts of the country. One of the earliest accounts of any of these antiquities was given in 1853, in the proceedings of that club, by Mr George Tate, of Alnwick, and in that paper he expresses the belief that such sculptures, being associated with Celtic camps, and found on the covering stones of Celtic graves, are the work of the aboriginal British race, and are the earliest sculptures in Britain He also comes to the conclusion that they have symbolical meaning, representing some popular thought or expressing some religious idea "HoMis" ron Dons -Our readers will, no doubt, remember the formation, some time ago, of a refuge for the lost and houseless dogs in London The project, when first mooted, enemies led a good deal' of ridicule , but it seems that the " Home' his now become a flourishing institution Mr William On mi hers, the well-known publisher, has suggested that a similar "Home" should be established in E Iinbur^h Judging from several letters on the subject which have appeared in the Scotsman, the suggestion has been well received in the northern capital One of our Edinburgh contemporary's correspondents tells the following interesting anecdote " Many years ago, I got a proof of the unseen, and therefore unhelped, miseries of the homeless dog I was walking down Duke- street, when I felt myself gently nipped in the leg 1 turiiCfi, and there was a rugged little terror crouching and slashing himself utterly, as it asking pardon for what he had done He then stood upon end, and begged as only these coaxing little minant car Being in a hurry, I curtly praised his p room once with " Good dog'" clapped his duly sides, an1; turning round, rude down the hill, when presently the same nip, perhaps a little happier the same scene, only more intense the same begging and urgent mo- tioning of his short shaggy paw ' There's meaning in lins,' Said I to myself, and looked at him keenly and differently He seemed to twig at once, and, with a shrill cry, was off much faster than I could He stopped every now and then to see that I followed, and by way of putting off the time and urging me, got upon the aforesaid portion of his body, and when I came up was off Aft am lins continued till, after going through sundry streets and by-laws, we came to a gate, under which my short-legged friend disappeared Of course I couldn't follow h sin This astonished him greatly, He came out to me, and as much as saul, 1 Why the don't you come in?" I tried to open it, but in vain My friend vanished, and was a cat I was leaving in despair and disgust, when I heard his muffled, ecstatic yelp far off round the end of the wall, and there he was, wild with excitement. I followed and came to a place where, with a somewhat burglarious ingenuity, I got myself squeezed into a deserted coach are, lying all rude and waste My peremptory Small friend went under a shed, and dis- appeared upon twinkling through the window of an old coach body, which had long ago parted from its wheels and became sedentary I remember the arms of the life family were on its panel. I looked in and there was a pointer bitch with a litter of five pups , the mother like a ghost, and wild with maternity and hunger , her raging, yelling brood tearing away at her dry dogs I never saw a more affecting or more miserable scene than that family inside the coach The poor bow ordered mother, I found, had been lost by some sportsmen returning South, and must have slunk away there into that deserted place, when her pangs carne, and there, in that order a retreat, had she been with them, rushing out to grab any chance garbage, running back fiercely to themselves going on day after day, night after night What the relief was when we got her well fed and cared for-and all her children failed and silent, all cuddling about her asleep, and she asleep too-aw likening up to assure herself that this was all true, and that there they were, all the five each or plump as a plum-what this is in kind, and all the greater in amount as nan) outnumber one, may be the relief, the happiness is, the charity exercised in a homely, well regulated dog-hone Nipper for he was a waif-I took home that night and gave him his name He lived a merry life with mentioned much pluck Slid zeal in the killing of hub and incontinently slew a cat which had-unnatural brute-unlike his friend deserted her kittens, and was holding offer civil) inside his kennel He died, aged sit on, healthy, lean, and happy to the last A for Perdu and her pups, they brought high prices, the late Andrew Buchanan, of Colt-budge, the bones est ' dogniBn ' I ever knew having discovered that their blood and her culture were of the best ' A Canadian back-seat -A special class of craft are those ice boats, peculiar to Upper Canada, and their navigation requires on amount of skill and courage not every day to be found combined They are barges or pinnaces, cutter-rigged for the men part and built of the toughest timber the colony produces Below the keel is a raised-runner of polished iron, shaped as a state at the edges, and designed, not to plough the waters, but to train across the ice of the great lakes These craft are propelled by sails, and steered by helm, exactly like sea going vessels , it is hardly necessary to add that with a favouring breeze they can attain a speed never equalled by a ship that has to leave through the water, and not much inferior to that of an express train. But they have the drive back of danger So many accidents have occurred from the breaking in of the ice from sudden squalls, collisions, and so forth, that these winter yachts have never attained the popularity of the safe and conve mont sleigh -All the Year Round 