SYDNEY SUMMARY. MOODAY afternoon. PEOPLO who have taken notice of our Legisloativo Assemblatoro must have noticed a great many incon sistencies in the career of honorable members. Bur the inconsistenoy between the ministerial defeoat against MIr. Eagar'e attack on their financial policy and the opaening speech of the treosurer is thie most trcmendous of all. Tho treasurer expects to save t10,100; but the ehiof eerotary ?aye-" fiddlesticklI it will be 0110,00o;" only eleven times the sum ostimated by his honorable colleaguol Of courso he has some recondite way of sowing how thins comes ahbout; hut the fact remaens. 'ihen, strnogo to say, the iEmpire comes to the rescue and tells nus thd there is reanlly a surplus of £50,0001 NIw, for the purpose of my present argumneat, I don't earn a brue' lurching wehether there is or not; for the ministry are in an equally bad position either mvny. If ~y tle o ed of nest year there will he, os Mr. Smart allege, a deficiency of something between six and eoven hundred tlousand pounds, then the financea have been grossly miomanaged; nod if there is a surplus, as thne mpireo ays, of half a million, what in the naoeo of all ?hist is honest does thegovrnmn nt of additina t ation and an additional loan to pay off a d0iinal tt. Really this is the worse aspect of the two. d heey? might arise from negligence and incompotn hd cBi to pretend that fresh taxes and loans are neeed but pay off a fictitious deficiency when thore i reeelyto large surplus, is nothing better than inlln. Then Mr. Cowpor and his helper, the Empird gvo great credit to thie ministry because the ron e go increased. Well so it has buht certainly not tmh o ha their good management. And pray can the miugh tell us the use of increasing a man's incom t itry still more largely increase his expenditurel don'u tIppose I thall ever make a first-rate accou t; but I know enough of figures to see that iC amuneaOn* busineoass is matting just a small profit, amn tou gradually double his receipts and treble hds yaoutl, you will soon have him in the insolvent ciurt; ait I somehow don't thint he will give you all te crandit you may--Cowper litke-bo inclined to claei foredit doubling his revenue. f The colebrated sporting case Dines v. Wolfe h been tried at the Maitland assizes, and a vet has given for the plaintiffi-damagen £500. ir. die was the owner of Kyogle, thbe losing horse in te great match with Traveller for .1000i, and it ma 0 remembered refused to allow the stakes to be over on the ground that Traveller wams a year olear than was'represented. The present action had bern brought against the stakeholder. e The Rev. G. H. Moreton hais written alolter to the Herald strongly reprobatins the performances of bthe Ghost at the theatre. What will men object to ncxt? Mr. A. Dawson, the lateo colonial architect (says the Herald), who left this colony for England i February last, has received the appointment of senior clerk of works in the Royal Engineers' de- partment at Devonport. By the ship City of Sydney, which arrived from London on Saturday (says the same paper), ninety- four rank and file of the 12th regiment have arrived. We understand that these soldiers, or a similar number from other companies, will be immediately despatched to New Zealand, but that it is not yet decided whether or not the rest of the troops are to be sent. An influential meeting of the mercantile and trading community was hold on Thursday in thl Chamber of Commerce, for the purpose of consider. ing the alterations in the tariff and other taxes pro. posed by the colonial treasurer in his financial state. ment last Thursday. Captain Darley was voted to uhe chair. Mr. J. L. Montefore strongly opposed the double postage on letters, the stamp duties as proposed by the treasurer, and all the other taxes which he intended to impose, and expressed himself in favour of issuing exchequer bills, instead of debentures, to meet the present deficiency. He also suggested (being called upon for his opinion by the meeting) that, as increased taxation was required, a tax on all trledes should be imposed, and this he estimated would bring in a revenue of £105,000, lie also proposed an ad valorem stamp duty of B per cent. on conveyances, and ¼ per cenit. on the transfer of shares, which he estimated would realize £130,000; and if more revenue were still needed he would double the duty on tea and beer, and malke it thl same as in eslourso.e. air. .1u.v %as opposed to some of the taxes proposed by the treasurer, but be. lieved that those on luxuries, although they did not bring in much revenue, were very fair. He strongly objected to any increased duty on tea. After some observations from Mr. S. A. Joseph, Mr. Leigh, Captain Towns, and other gentlemen present, a resolution was passed expressing strong disapproba. tion of the proposed new tariff. It was also agreed, on the motion of Captain Towns, that a committee consisting of Captain Darley, Captain Towng, Messrs. Montefiore, A. Campbell, T. C. Brelliai, George King, Willis, and S. A. Joseph, be appointed to prepare a scheme that may represent the views of the mercantile community, to be laid before the adjourned meeting, to be held on Thursday next. The news by the Bombay (says the Herald) was looked for with more than usual interest, owing to the critical condition of European affairs, and the state of parties in America as revealed by the proe. vious mail. Popular expectation was naturally rather increased than diminished in consequence of the delay caused by the stoppage of telegraph corn. munication immediately after the announcement of the steamer's arrival at Adelaide. On the publicas tion of our Extraordinary, yesterday afternoons a number of copies were distributed among bonorable members of the Legislative Assembly, So great was the anxiety to learn the news that the business of the House was completely suspended, and for several minutes hon. members were too deeply ab. sorbed in the intelligence conveyed through the columns of tuhe yd'i..- 21a -Is.n-a.- l.. n c -,?ems the discussion of local politics. The delay of one dlay, which has occurred in forwarding the Bombay'a news, illustrates the inconveniuence of there belug only one telegraphio routo between Adelaido annd Sydney. There are two between Melbourne and Sydney, so that if at any time one line is down tha other is available. A duplicate route to Adelaide has long been proposed, down the Murray River, and would have been carried out before now but for the folly of the South Australian government in not agreeing to divide the receipts for through messngcs, according to mileage. From Adelaido to the bouon. dary is only half the distance that it is from tho boundary to Sydney, and our telegraphia depart. ment naturally asks, therefore, for two-thirds of the receipts, as it has to go to two-tbirds of the expen diture. This arrangement is in force with Quanea land, where the boundary line in similarly much nearer to one capital tihan it is to the other. The conseequence of having only one line to Adelaide is that the government there has missed all the money it would have received for forwarding the mail news, Two very beautiful rams (says tho Empire) bhao arrived direct from Russia, uia London, by the Dadr mouth. They are stated to be the elite of the mont celebrated flocka in Russia. belonging to Mr Philibert of Atmani, government of Taurido, which is hnovwn to produce the finest wool in Runssia. These rtml are assigned to Vial D'Aram. 