THE MAGAZINES. Eraser for September lins an article on the Prussian crisis ; but German politics are, as the writer remarks, distasteful to us from their ' slowness,' and it is not easy to comment upon them in any very contrary strain. Wo get, however, some useful information as to the stato of parties and the elements of public opinion in tlio best educated kingdomof Europe, aud we are bound to say that it is not en couraging for the lovers of liberty. Com paratively few peoplo in Prussia, as in Germany in general, iuau u iiveiy nuuiesi, in punl'ic affairs, and yet it is a country where, as tho dominant classes arc peculiarly powerful, the weight of numbers is peculiarly necessmy on tho side ot the reformers. Tlie opening article in Eraser is n ' Piea for the Free Discussion of Theological Difficulties,' on tho ground that — ' Wc cannot livo on proba bilities. The faith in which we can livo bravely and dio in pence must, bs a certainty, so fur as it professes to be a faith and, again, ' The time is past for repression, and the only remedy is a full and fair investigation. Things will never right themselves if left alone. It is idle to snv pouco when thero is no peace, and tho concealed imposthumo is moro dangerous than an open wound.' Wo arc reminded that the policy thus recommended gave us, three hundred years ago, the Reformation. ' A Fortnight in Belgium, in the Juno and July of 1803,' is a pleasant gossipiug. The Netherlands are, to bo sure, a well trodden tourists' route, and, like other visitors, the writer before us is iu lovo with Flemish farming, Kiiig Leopold's rule and tlio mediieval architecture of Bruges. Neverthe less, tho paper does not lack freshness. Wo find, among the facts noted, that tho weavers of Ghent havo suffered comparatively as much from the American war as havo those of Man chester or Rouen, When bathing 011 the shore of Ostend, tho stranger was astonished by the arguments of a native physician in l'avor of wading out to deep water, instead of plunging boldly in — for which latter mode thero was, in deed, on those desolato sands, no available opportunity. Tho genius loci stood up patrioti cally in laudation of the preliminary air-bath, aud of the gradual acclimatisation of the body to the sea water by the wading process, as like wise tho absenco of shock ' where the bather has moro or less disease of the heart ;' but he could not overcome the insular retort, that the shock and simultaneous immersion arc for persons iu robust health,. ' eminently corroborant,' to _uso the language of Lord Bacon. ' Tho Periodical Press of tho United States' furnishes a synop sis of the chief journals and men of the transatlantic newspapers, of which, in the Federal States alono, it seems there are 300 dailies and 3000 weeklies. A note to the ob servations on tho stato of tlio manufacturing districts lets us see by how much the contribu tions from Australia in aid of Lancashire dis tress exceeded those of tho other colonics. The amount from Nova Scotia, tho next in the list ot contributors, was £52:10 ; from tho West Indies, £2001 ; from Now Zealand, £2199 ; from Canada, £2107 ; and from India, £1807. Tho amount from Australia was £51,980. There are some ' Thoughts touching Dream Life,' — philosophic and curious,— and other matter iu this number worth reading. ? Blackwood, this time, is hardly as good ns usual. Irrespective of tho fiction there is not a great deal to commend. ' The Pyramids— who built them — and when' sheds 110 new light on the question — ''evidence assuredly there is none. We may conjecture tho oldest pyramid to bo of tho' age of Abraham — say, 2100 B.C. » * * * * As a question of critical evidence, there, is absolutely no.-, thing in modern speculations to determine ono way or other the problems that were iu- i soluhlo to Herodotus.' Carlyle's essay inter- - estcd us all yenrs ago in Jean Paul itichtcr. 1 The reviewer of a translation of one of Riehter's ' works, namely, the romance 'Titan,' presents J hero a conception of Richter which Carlyle omitted. He portrays his nebulousncss, a German literary quality, which the more western mind has little patience with, and , very justly. Whether we be British or French, we can have no patience with " a humorist whose sentences are like Chinese puzzles ; whose meaning is as hard to penetrate as the driest chapter in Locke or Cudworth.' Wc cannot afford to bestow ' ft persis tency and doggedness of attention,' unless on ' scholastic or professional studies.' The Germans, on the contrary, can afford to bestow it, as they are out of the western bustle, and they seem to relish, from that and perhaps other causes, a certain abstrusencss of style. So wc cannot blame their writers if their style he often abstruse. They have no inducement or obligation to make it better. Tho abstruse- ness of style, which is token of want of power in an English or French writer, is not so, therefore, in a German. Richtcr is not always abstruse; but whether so or not, he is always good, often grand — invariably worth getting at. There is no mysticism, surely, though there is depth in saying that 'Linda was without ; vanity, because standing at tlio throue of a 1 divine idea, and man is never vain before God ; i nor in tho following extracts on the abstraction 1 of time : — ' 'With an exulting power the thought seized the youth that this very minute was measuring millions of little and long lives, and the walk of the cater pillar and the flight of the sun, and that the very samc time was being lived through by the worm and God, from worlds to worlds through the universe. ' O God !' he exclaimed, ' how glorious is it to exist !' Perhaps nearer to our daily feelings is tho following: — When man stands beforo tho sea, and on mountains, and before pyramids and ruins, and in the presence of misfortune, and feels himself exalted, then does he stretch out his arms after the great Friendship. Aud when music and moonlight, and spring and spring tears softly move him, then his heart dissolves, and he wants Love. And he who has never sought either is a thousand times poorer than he who lost lost both. The thirteenth part of ' Cuxtoniana' is some what better than several of tho parts, its pre decessors. It relates to 'Authors in whose works knowledge of the world is displayed.' ' The battle of Gettysburg and tho campaign in Pennsylvania,' though the last is not tho least conspicuous of tho contents of Blackwood. Tue narrator, nn English colonel, wha made a summer tour of the Confederate armies, dies not find them at such extremity as has been supposed or described by others. He saw no lack of necessaries among them. As for arms, they all possess the Enfield. In fact, there is such a surplusage of good rifles that lie saw ' enormous piles rotting in the open air.' We arc astonished to learn that the Southern cavalry, of whose exploits wo heard so much and who nro well mounted, and are born riders, unlike the Northern dragoons, have just as little inclination after all lor close quarters. We knew that the Federal cavalry, hastily got up, was the weakest part of the Uuion army ; but it is certainly news that those dashing cavaliers — tho Virginian planters — ' though ex cellent at making raids, capturing waggons and stores, and cutting off communication, seem to have no idea of charging iufantry under any circumstances. They wear swords, but seem to have littlo idea of using tliem — they hanker after their carbines and re volvers.' Tlio rival sabreurs seldom come closer to each other than forty yards. In both armies ' tho infantry and artillery don't seem to respect the cavalry very much, and often jeer at tliem.' The CornhiU opens with ' The Small House at Allington,' whoso interest flags in the pre sent chapters. ' Out of the World,' is a frag ment of a tale, well told. 'How we Slept at tho Chalet des Chevres' is amusing certain ly, though offering, we think, a not agreeable illustration of tho eccentricity of manners, which has of late sprung up, and become both popular and fashionable in England. There is a paper on ' Going to tho Dogs,' by' a diligent observer nf 1 1 11 man nature. Ilero is a taste of his quality ; — Professional men arc mined, and go on; and ap parently as well off Hourly as over. Thero was my friend the doctor— Dr. Slop (wo will call him). Ono day lie called together his butcher, his grocer, his daughter's schoolmistress, anl other long-suffering creditors, and suid, ' My debts are £1500, my 'oods and chattels are assigned under a bill of snle, und if you put in an execution, a big white jar of iceehos, with drugs nnd gallipots, nro nil you will got ; but, per contra, 1 havo a fluctuating 03tato in mumps, measles, and midwifery cases, that aver ages £800 a yonr. But all this requires that I should still keep up appearances, nud your security will vanish unless you loavo luo £003 n your to go on with.' I actnnlly know a enso in which credi tors subscribed to keep a man afloat, to work on at the rate of one pound for tliem and three for himself. But tho professions furnish but a very small con tingent of those who ' go to tho dogs.' For pro fessional men havo hrlbits, as well as knowledgo, which generally save tliom from tho lowost depths ef social misery. It is of tho ' do-nothings' — of, tlie foolish sons of foolish mothers— who oithor wero brought up to nothing, or followed some pro fession too loungingly to ovortnko it— it is of tliem wo care alone to speak, having observed not a fow, and marked several distinct stages of their progress to tho Islo of Dogs. These stages are generally much tlio same, nnd tlio tuon aro easy to classify ac cording to their ages, or tlio yoavs it tnkos cithor to tiro out or to seo tho last of thoir relations— though somo go down hill much faster than otliers. Tho livsfc stage is generally ruu by about thirty-five years of ago at tlio latoBt. Youth, and all youthful in dulgence, by tlint time havo passed away,— many of your old family friends havo passed away, too, and you find yourself among ft set in society who look hard at you, aro particular about introductions, and rigorously sum yoa up for what you aro, nnd not nt all for what yon have been; and yon begin to stand very littlo on tho respectability of vour family, and vovy much upon your own. Thorn was Charles Willcs. He tallcod about all kinds of professions, but followed 110110. lie wanted ' something under G ovovnment,' nnd Charlie's ideas of ' something under Government ' wero amusing, lie once told mo that ''something in tho Woods anil Forests, or some out-of-door work, would suit him exactly ; but a higli stool in nn oflico would ho tlio deatii of him.' At last his father lost all patienco witli him, principally bocnuso ' Great Western ' dividends had gono down to something fractional, and as Charlie thought tlmt tho older lie grow, tho moro niouoy ho was entitled to spend, tlio paternal ire did ono day culminate at such a pitcli over long bills for lavender kids, patent leather boots, aud 'follies changing with tho varying hour,' tlint Charlie was sontencod to transportation, in tho modorn sotiso of tho term — that is, condomnod to owigrato: but just then tbe father diod, and the mother— Lord lovo tlio wholo generation of (horn — would not ooniinn tlio seutoneo. So Charlio lived on idly nnd extravagantly, till his three sisters liiui married, uud last of all his mother died and was buried ; and tlio only warm heart that no folly or recklessness on Charlie's part could over chill wa3 buried witli her. Then curno tlie opouing of tlio will, and tlio family did not feel moro indulgent to Charlie, when they found that though tho Prodigal had already had liis share, a pound a-wcck was charged 011 tho sisters' portions notwithstanding. But tlie sietors still felt sisterly, and Charlio wns billeted from ono to nnother till tlioy had hungry niul expansive children to provide^ for. ^ From that hour, Charlie's idlenoss was seen iu all its frightful onnrmity, simply lioutinsj whut Dr. Chalmers c.tlli'd ' tho expulsive xulluonco of aiiexirttlToctiou' HfpurAotl and olbowed Charlio out of tho sisters' heart. Xlou' ever, ho hung on a littlo longer, being allowed the run of his teeth, aud tho ruu of tho house manicd ?. 1 11 ? ? sl ? ? l iliniu mnnnv will people, wnen 11103' won 1 puit ? ygt stand money's worth ; and family charity is very much aftor tho fashion of tho now Poor Law : tlioy will take you into tho Houso, but light ugninst all out-door reliof. You may fancy what my feelings were, nt tlio last Horticultural— knowing, as I do, that ovory shilling had boon wrung from grumbling rolativcs, if not borrowed, or won at billiards from soft and silly companions — when Charlio appoared so stylish and well got up, from tho tip of his lingers to tho ends of his toes; that any plain man who pays his way would look barely passable ia comparison ! [ am sure some one innst suffer for all this. It :annot bo all honest, and tho day of reckoning must :omc ; for the stage of idleness soon leads to — Stage :ko Second. In this stngo I can follow Charlie's lownwaril progress, for I sec it in his mere wily ? friend John Watling. John lias survived father. , liother, nnd even the old mint who clung to- him s» ? long, having nursed him as a child, put up with liinr - luring liis holidays, and chuuge-obnired him at sundry tunes for years; nnd now John has had positive notice from his brother-in-law that ' ho. must find something to do,' nnd all tho family in iercst has beon brought tu bear with ono filial spas modic effort to procure somo ' genteel' — there's the everlasting difficulty * — ' gcntoel oniploymcnt.1' Well : ono merchant looked askew at John's moustache. His sister implored him to sliavo it oft' before lie went to tho office for the firm of Catcher and Co. to tnko liis measure, bnt John hoennm furious nt this practical suggestion; for John's was just that kind of moustache that proves an alibi of ill worldly souso anil working qualities : so that rlinnce camo to nothing. Another man, an old friend of the Watling family, snid lie was willing to 10 what I10 could, hut sevcu-nnd-thirty, with (ho iddod, privately) n seedy look into the bargaiu, was ,00 old for bogiuning business. John had not tho tnowledgo or the capital to bo ' master,' or tho tact ; -r temper to ho ' man.' ' Tho son of a grocer,'' le added, 'would foci rich uud cheerful, where a ;outleinan felt poor nnd miserable. Indeed, I conld. lot endure to ho hampered in hnsino3s by the sen iitive feelings of any man' In short, ' gontility' n middle lifo is a liar to all omploymont, iVhcn last I hoard of John, lie was trying to order sverybody's wine, and everybody's coals, and even. , lad thoughts of taking everybody's likeness in tc .oucliing-up photographio line ; for I havo observed, many men cnu draw who can do nothing else ; but, lirat of nil, ho wants everybody's namo ns security for an advance of commodities to trade with ; tint ? this ovcrybody has tlio presence, of mind to refuse, well knowing that all the gains will bo spout from: hand to mouth, nud nil tho losses loft for his obliging bondsmen. Whilo John Watling's future is yot undecided, though, to my mind, clear enough, I read its continuation in Philip Wardlaw, whose idleness has graduated iu profligacy and dishonor. ' Doing nothing' is, with idlo men, quite a mis nomer.- Lazy mid luxurious, tlicy soon form very costly and solf-iudulgent habits— had habits all the more ruinous in their consequences, heoause tlie drained ami disgusted relatives who support thout always fancy that tlio least tlicy can do is to behave themselves, to cat hnniblo pie witli an nppetito, and. in short, to hu models of amiability aud ovory social and domestic, virtuo. There never was such a niistako ! With men like Phil., drinking aucL smoking soon become necessaries of life. Philip Boon proved, as Edio Oohiltroo said, ' an unco' had cxnmplo in any wool-regalnto'd family ;' and his sister grew uproarious boyond all pnticnco, when, her husband appeared ratlior loss liko a steady family man and decidedly more lux for her Philip's, company, and Philip was thvoatenod, in Irish., phrase, ' with the key of tho street.' As to de claiming against Philip's solf-indnlgonco — iu do fault of something to do, tho cravings for follies of all kinds ranches a point of morbid fooling actually irresistible. Idlo men tempt Satnu to tempt them. Tlioy had need ho of tho stuff that; martyrs aro made of. A man's principles will commonly Btand so much strain and 110 more. His composition is luado up and moulded for tlio temporatw zones of common life, but thawing in. tho torrid regions of passions fired without diver sion, or shrinking boforo penury's nipping blast or tlio wintry chill of that scorning, scowling world thnt expects all tlio more porfeetions be cause you arc poor. I am suvo it takes as much self-denial, high principlo, good tompor, and virtua . of all sorts to steady and to ballast ono idlo_ man us would keep ten busy 111011 in innoceuco itself. Added to this, tlioy sny, ' Philip is so ungrateful wo can do nothing more for liiiu.' Just as if, la this mortal world, any ono man's gratitudo ever wore known to swell up to tho inordinate dimen sions of any grudging donor's expectations. Colbitrns New Monthly lias nn entertaining rehash of a Parisian's travels in the provinces — amongthosc French provincial to wns, 'J which, with their fino old mediaival relics, aro slcop inn- beautius, redolent of lotfiavgy and ennui. Go there in the year 1800, iu 1825 and 1850, and you will find tho samo things in the saino places, even to tho beggar at tue church door, who liko the grand Lama of Thibet never dies!' Tlie opening urticlo is on tho recent discoveries in Central Australia, and tho concluding ona collects some facts about tho Kingdom of Siuin, which lias, of late, liko other Oriental realm?,, boen exciting much commercial attention. Macmillan makes an amende for Mr Carlyle's effusion in tho last issue, which tho Editor acknowledges ' astounded most people by de scribing slavery as a hiring for life.' A brief dialoguo on tbo other side appears this month, from tho pon of a Mr Ludlow. Its merit, how ever, is exclusively , the contradiction. _ It lacks point or wit as much as that which called it forth. The Indian notes of a. 'Competition 'Wallah' furnishes this timo a. spiritedly narrated incident of 'Tho Great Mutiny.' ' On the Links of St. Mungo— a , Day with the Golfers,' has much of the heart and zest of old Christopher North. The criti cism by Mrs Norton, ' On the Angel in the House, aud tlio Goblin Market,' deserve* perusal. This is tho best number for somo tnno ot the Dublin University Magazine. I11 the 'Notes. 011 EulogiunN.it is truly said that Demosthonoa was a greater orator than Cicero, because, in spired with moro passion, ho thought more of his subject aud object, and less of himself-. Mirabeuu wns a wonderful orator. ' No wonder, with his hideously magnificent aspect and indomitable air, and liis voice electric like tho roar of tho lion.' lie disdaiued the usual artifices and fictitious ornaments of tho elo cutionist as ' thunders and lightnings of the opera.' Napoleon, who faltered and waa dumb in tho Senate, had lips touchedL with firo when ho spoke to soldiers. What could bo finer than his word* to his men at the Moscowa battle — ' Soldiers, behold the sun that shonont Auster litz!' Or at tho battle of tho Pyramids — ' From tho top of those Pyramids forty cen turies look down' 011 you to day.' Or after leaving Elba and lauding at Cannes, wbeu Re summoned Franco to rise and join him— 'Vic- tory will march at tho charge step 1 The ongle with the national colors will fly from, steeple to steeple even to the turrets of Notre Damo!' 'The Grand Tour' recalls in a 'lively strain tho travels of a Hanoverian cour tier of tho time of George the First, and more. amusing than edifying is it to find the Kings German mistvcsscs, who are held up to the ridicule of the present day by tho pen of Thackeray and so many others, spoken of in terms of extravagant laudation by their cotemporary litterateur. Tho sketch of Mrs Fitzhonry, an actress of the last century, is very well done, liko tho similar ones in. former numbers, charged with anecdotes of tho ' Green-room.' London Society, in a paper on ' London Editors and Reporters,' has memoirs and por traits of James Perry, who founded the ing Chronicle and of ' Memory Y\ ooafall, tlie lather of tho modern system of reporting. There is much pleasant chut iu ' Club Critics and ' Curiosities of Fashion' ; nnd no stint of fiction readable moro or less. In Bentlei/, thevo is a notice of tho adven tures of Sir John Hawkwood, the famous English leader of Condottieri, or Filibusters oE tho Middle Ages. 'After a Battle' is a picture true to nature in its ghastly details. Tlio special reference is to tho war in Lom bardy. From a cluster of ghost stories, ' which, so fur havo baffled explanation in their respec tive neighborhoods,' wo may oxtract the fol lowing ono, pertaining to a house in Somerset shire, and vouched l'or as fact in Mr Spicer'a book, horc reviewed : — I was visiting, about two yenrs ngo, at a. friend's. liouso, n fow miles from F ? when my attention was attracted, one day at tlinnor, to a conversation that was going on, having reforouco to tlio liauntotl character of B ? House, noar F ? . Iho sub ject seemed to interest tho spoukors so much tlint L begged to be informed of tlio dutiulti, and lcaniotl that°a particular corridor of the mansion iu question was, every night, at twelve o'clock, tho scono of an occurrence tlmt lmd hitherto defied ull explanation. One of tho party had himself been a visitor at B ? - Houso, and, being sceptical and devoid of fear, reu quested permission to beep vigil in tho haunted y -allory. Ho did bo, witnessed the phenomenon, and ?' nothing on earth,' he frankly owned, ' would in duce me to repeat the experiment.' He thcu rc oounted to mo certain circumstances, which agreeit so nearly 'with whatl myself subsequently witnessed, that it will he better to narrate them from tlio direct evidence of my own astonished senses. 11 My curi osity being greatly increased by the mnuifest belief accorded by those present to this gentleman's story, I obtained an introduction to the family of B— — House, and received from them a ready permission to pass a night, or more, if necessary, in the haunted corridor. I was at full liberty, moreover, iff select any companion I chose, for the ndventurc, nnd I accordingly invited an old friend, Mr W. K- ? , who happened to bo shooting in the neigh borhood, to accompauy mo. K ? , liko myself, 'was disposed to incredulity in such, matters ; he had never seen anything of the sort before, and was positively assured either that nothing unusual would occur on the night when two such sentries were on duly, or that' wc should have no great diffi culty in tracing tlio phenomenon to a fleshy source. The family at B ? happened at this period to be from home, but authority having been given us to make any arrangements we pleased, K — — and I proceeded to tbo mansion, intending, nt all events, 'to devote two nights to tlio experiment. It will bo neon that this part part of the plan was not strictly carried out t Wo diued early at live o'clock, and in order to make certain of tlio clearness of our heads, drank nothing but a little tablo-beer. B e had llicn six hours before us ; but, resolved to lose no chance, we took up our position nt once in the hanntod corridor. It was of considerable 3cn,rtli , with a door at each extremity, aud one or two at the side. My friend K ? is a good piquet player, fiiul as our witcli was to be a pio longod 0110, and it was extremely desirable to keep ourselves well on tlio alert, it 'was agreed to tnko somo cnrd3 with us. Combining business with pleasure, wo placed our card-table so as completely to barricade tlie passage ; our two chairs exactly lilling up the spneo tlmt remained, so that it would bo impossible for nny mortal creature to press 'through without disturbing us. In addition to this, wo placed two lighted caudles on the ground near the wall, nt two ortlirco foot from tlie table, on the side 'from which tlio mysterious footsteps always came. Finally, we placed two revolvers and two life-preservers on the tabic. These precautions taken, wo commenced our game, and played with 'varying success till about cloven o'clock. At thatf time, growing a little tired of piquet, wo changed the gamo to ficarle, and played until tlie bonse cloclc sounded miduiglit. Mechanically wo dropped our cards, and looked nlong tlio dim corridor. No sounds, however, followed, and after pausing a minute or two, wo resumed tlio game, which chanced to ho near its conclusion. ' I say it'B nonsense sitting np,' yawned K ? , ' this tiling never comes, you know, after twelve. What do you say ? After this game '-' I looked at my watch, which I had taken the precaution to sot by tlio church clock as wo entered the villnge. By iliis it appeared that the liouso-clock was fust. It wanted yet threo minutes of (lie hour. Pointing out iho mistake to IC ? , I proposed that wo should, by all means, wait another ten minutes. The words wero not fairly out of my mouth, wlion the door at iho end seemed to open and rccloso. This lime tlio cards literally dropped from our hands, for, although nothing could he seen, the conviction was growing on both our minds that something had cntoroiL Wo were soon more fully convinced of it. Tho silence ! was broken by a tapping sound, such as would bo caused by a light person, weaving high-heeled shoos, quietly coming towards us up the gallery, each step, as i» approached, sounding more distinct than the last ; exactly, in fact, as would be the case under ordinnvy circumstances. It was a linn and regular . tread— light, yet determined — and it was accom ?paniod by a sound between a swoop, a rustlo, aud a ?wliistlo, not comparable to anything but tlio brush ing of silken dress against the walls. How K ? and I looked as the sounds advanced, as it wero, to storm us, I will not pretend to say. I confess I was, for tlio moment, petriiied with amazement, and neither of- us, I believe, moved hand or foot. On — on — oil — came tho tap and rustle ; they reached the lighted candles on tho lloor, passed them, not oven ?disturbing tho flame. Then the tapping ceased, but the invisible silken robe seeniod to brush tbo wall on Both sidos, on a level with our heads ; then the tap ping recommenced on the other side of the table, and so, receding, mado its exit at the other door. As for malting use of our revolvers or life-preservers, iho idea never once occurred to either of us. Thoro xvas not evcu a shadow at which to strike ; it was -sound alone. I feel that any nttompt to explain this strange phenomenon at once to my own satisfaction and that of others, would be perfectly futile. I rmust of necessity content myself with simply nar rating the fact us it occurred, and as it had been, and probably may yot bo, witucssed by many othovs, as little predisposed as my friend IC ? and I to bo annde the dupe of any human artifice. I may men tion that, on one occasion, it elianced that a nurse in tho family had to pass through tlio corridor, about tho hour of twelve, carrying, or rather load ing, a little girl who teas deaf and dumb. As the sounds passed, the child appeared to shrink back in Hie utmost alarm, struggling and moaning to got away, nor could she over ho induced to enter the corridor again, without evincing tho same violent terror.' Temple Bar has a ballad in behalf of Poland, not deficient in spirit, though hardly equal to the occasion. G. A, Sula's 'Breakfast in Hod' paper is, this time, critical of tho stago in London and Paris. ' Dining for tlio Million' lias tho latest information on that subject of general interest. But, perhaps, this issue of Temple Bar is, us n whole, less sub jstnntiul than that for August. Tho New Iteview (published monthly) lias a paper on 'Central Australia, and its Aptitudes for Colonisation' — ' colonisation which, so like that mercy Shakspcarc extols, confers a twofold benediction — it blesses tho lnnd that gives, and that- also which takes.' 'Mahomet and his Jtcligion' is a digest of Mr Muir's book. It is only in these days that justice is being done to tho Arabian prophet, whom our fathers so resolutely set down as an impostor and scoun drel. Mahomet never taught, it should not be forgotten, all the dogmas which now go by tho name of Islam. What lie said was largely added to by his successors, and only the tribes of the desert, remote from tlio craft and so phistry of towns, have kept Ills faith puro. x. Wo should romcmbcr, also, that ho found a cruol and even brutal idolatry among his coun trymen, and that lie substituted a laith which, 'svliatover its faults and accompaniments, was in essence a simple deism, and so, superior to the polytheism, with its human sacrifices, which it displaced. Some of Mr Muir's anecdotes, of Mahomet aro very illustrative of his sincerity, ?as well as strength of character, Mahomet was, we arc told, of commanding aspect, of well shade spare figure, with largo head, black hair, rolling in curls over his ears, and largo black -eyes, ' darting their keen glances trom under tho black arched eyebrows. Ho had a thin high nose sliriitlv curved, teeth far apart in a large, slightly sensual mouth ; a long blnok beard, anil a countenance pensive, yet often lit up with passion, humor, or ready wit. lie spoke seldom, but always gracefully to the point.' . Swift anil Stella, and the general career of -the Dean of St. Patrick's, with its incompre hensible lovo passages, have, it seems, been just dramatised for the French stage, and a notice of the fact is among the readable con tents of the New lieriew . In ' Stray Thoughts fViloiMrl irn ' wn ni»n tnJrl flint, tinnn r\f tlm great talkers liavo equalled the table talk of Coleridge — not Luther's, ' redolent of his spirit, stern and sturdy as himself;' not ' Selwyn's graceful utterances nor 'the stately sentences of Johnson.' Peoplo came from the uttormost parts of the earth to hear tlie wisdom of Solomon and of Culoridgo as well. In a disser tation on the quality of genius, the reviewer quotes tho saying of Longfellow: — What most I prize in woman Is her affections : not her intellect. The intellect is finite ; but the affections Aro iufiultc, aiul cannot bo exhausted. He also draws attention to the fact that genius renders a man attractive to .ill his own sex as ?well as the opposite one, whereas it seems to exhibit no such influence in the case of woman. The strong-minded Queen Elizabeth was less fascinating than her weaker cousin Mary, and the ' blue stockings' of modern times are less dangerous than the comparatively brainless beauties of their acquaintance. Natural wit is do doubt a wonderful weapon in the hands of woman, but nobody, if we mistake not, ever really fell in love with a woman for her science or erudition, no matter how seemingly dazzled by her literary reputation. 