THE HAUNTED HOUSE. AN EASTER HOLIDAY VISTON. BY A SEMI-SOMNAMBULIST. SOME dreams there are are not exactly dreams, Stirred up by sleeping grief, or indigestion: For some this sort of explanation seems Out of the question. It might be some nostalgic undertaker, Yearning to find a melancholy spot; It might be to do penance like a Fakir, It might be not. It might be that, in flowing pots of beer, I had expended portions of my salary; But somehow, in a way that's not quite clear, I sought the gallery. I had a dream, not such as overtake A frame oppressed with weariness or victual; I never felt before more wide awake,— But that says little. What was it steeped my soul with vague alarms 1 No Speaker's frown inspired with dread or dudgeon; Nor feared I the white-chokered man-at-arms, With gilded bludgeon. But all around there came a sense of dread, Damping the pluck of which my spirit vaunted, And in my dreamy ear distinctly said— The House is haunted! There was no sign of life about the place; All silent as a ghost who walked in socks, No sound, no stir, and no familiar face, Except the Clock's. The seats were cushionless, the floor was bare, The table shrouded with a canvas hooding; Rich ruby-tinted rugs lay coiled up there, Like roily pudding. And gloom oppressed me like a noxious drug, A sense of loneliness the spirit daunted, And something seemed to whisper in my lug— The House is haunted ! 'Twas haunted by remembrance of misdeed, Haunted-by many a reputation's ghost, HamatefHiy those whose fame had gone to seed, * k 'sly host, 'Twah tlJere ajieedy tribune had been bought, 'Tw^s ^herera £arty leader had been sold; Ther\ riv#l placemen's battles had been fought And ove^flljFtiiere came a sense of fear, Which damped tiie cheek of which my spirit vaunted, Piercing right through my panoply of beer— The House was haunted! The sunlight in the place was such as may Bight forcibly remind a new-chum comer Of England on a dull November day, Or Scottish summer. A thin mosquito settled on my wrist, But seeming too low-sx)irited to bite ; Desponding flies most obviously missed Some wholesome light. One big blue-bottle round the chamber went With hungry buz, as though he would have supped— As if upon Ins fancy rose a scent Of things corrupt. Methought, I saw Diogenes' old ghost, With lantern, searching midst the shades below, Shaking his spectral head, as sure almost, It was no go J I saw a trusted tribune sleeping calm, And one with place and pay his hope enriching; And one well-meaning member scratch his palm, To stop the itching. And all around prevailed a mystic fear, A whispering of dread the spirit daunted, Saying with sea-shell murmur in the ear, The House is haunted ! And then methought I heard a moaning sound, As from unquiet spirits under hatches ; And then a fancied odour went around, Of sulphur matches. It might be, these were idle dreamings that, In this sort, had my spirit sorely daunted, But one belief I'd certainly come at— The place was haunted ! And when this notion strong I once did seize, And in my memory had fairly booked it, My feeble mind did feel so ill at ease, That straight I " hooked it." 