SYDNEY, THURSDAY, MÀEOH 5, 1863. ON various occasions, during the last three weeks, our columns have shown the- abundance of the rain-fall ulong the coast, sue :eediog ¿he late fears of impending drought.. The Hunter Eiver rose, but subsided-without doing much damage. The Hawkesbury district, also, es- caped the. threatened inundetion. The Shoal- haven, the . Glyde, and the . Araluen were flooded, considerable damage, being dene in the last-named instance. It is, however, in the north that the floods hare been most disastrous. All the rivers along; the coast, as far, at least, os Keppel Bay, have been swollen into torrents. ' The Brisbane, the Mary, and the Fitzroy flooded their banks, while the faot tbat the heavy rains extended far inland is proved by the report we lately published, of the unprecedented rise of the river Condamine. In another part of this issue will be found fuller particulars of the terrible inondation in the Clarence district, some account of wMch we had before published, from various sources. Our correspondents have also furnished us with graphic descriptions of the great flood in ,the Macleay district. It will be observed, with deep regret, that no- less than eighteen lives have been lost in the two Iást.named districts nine at the Macleay, arid nine at the Clarence, while the destruction of property has been most lamentable. Those who are acquainted with the looalities in question will hardly be surprised at the extent ol the damage, deeply as it is to be deplored. The great Clareuco Eiver drains a vast extent of country. The Boutftern bend of this stream is just beneath Ben Lomond Mountain, in the New England district, while ita northern branches extend os far as Koreela, just below Cunningham's Gap,' in the' colony of Queens- land, overlapping the sources of the Bichmond, the Tweed, and other smaller rivers. All the tributaries stretching through this large area began to pour their streams into the Clarence at on Je, and the result waa so rapid and alarming that the utmost consternation prevailed, j Al hough the river between North andi Sotith Grafton is about half a mile wide, with a deep, navigable, channel, tho waters tose with the greatest rapidity, until they had attained a height of twenty-four feet above high water mark. Such a flood os this was terrifia and irresistible-. The inhabitants, seeing the peril that was at band, hastened to save themselves by making for the high lands. As the torrent poured downwards at the height of its fury, and with a- velocity that carried a case of goods a hundred and fi ty miles in a day, the scona of terror and' confusion became appalling. The night was dark. The rushing water invaded the farms on the river bank, and rapidly extended itself on either side. Huge trees'' and dead' logs came floating down, and dashing against all that opposed their progress. Daylight found all the lower paris of the town submerged, and boats plying in the streets. Agricultural producé and stores tfall kinds were washed away. . One farmer had a full acre of his land on the river bank carried off by the stream.. The quantity of maize and wheat destroyed was immense; but the preservation of life was the first care, and nobly some of the inhabitants exerted themselves for' this purpose. Police sergeant KEEGAN, at the risk of his life, saved two women and a child, and others emulated his gallant example. But, in spite of all efforts, nine lives were sacrificed, one being that of a settlers wife, who died through being removed during the flood just after child-birth. At Tabulam, several persons were rescued by boats, after clinging to trees for twenty-four hours. The scene of desolation presented all along the river when at last the flood subsided, is most melancholy to contemplate. Standing crops had been covered with trees and dead timber, carried down by the stream. Storehouses were gaitd. Hundreds of bushels of wheat , and maize were carried off or destroyed. In short, the losses have been enormous, and many of the sufferers must be ruined. A. significant'evi- dence of the state of affairs at Grafton is afforded by the fact that the gaol had to be converted into a cooking-house, to feed the numbera who had "beBTTwashed out of house and home. ' .. If tho loss of property by the flooding of the Macleay has not been so great, the loss of life presents a strange and* melancholy coincidence. The Macleay JKivcr, though draining a large extent of country, is not so extensive in i's ramifications as. the Clarence.. Oui correspondent has furnished a very intelligent and corroct description of this stream and its feeders. All the eastern streams of New England in the vicinity of Armidale fall over the table- land into the Maoleay, a total descent of nearly tnreo tnousona reet. mas it was that wnen the river began to rise at Kempsey ic swelled with groat rapidity, and ultinfately attained a height of nearly twenty feet above?;its ordinary level.' Such an inundation as this, with the water rushing to the sea at the rate of seven miles an hour, and dashing furiously against all .hat opposed it, was sufficient to oréate the utmost alarm, and it is not to be wondered at tbat twelve porsons, men, women, and children, endeavoured to esoupe, by means oí a boat, from a dwelling which Beamed in danger of being engulfed. Most unfortunate,, however, was the attempt, for tho bo t was upset, and nino,per- sons were drowned, who, as i>ftewords appeared, would have been safe if they bad remained in the house. The extent of damage to property is as yet not known. I», will be seen that ono of our correspondents estimates tho losa at one half of the farmers' crops. Tho waters flowed over an . area of , six hundred square miles of alluvial land, and, although, like the inundations of the Nile, they loft rich deposi s of alluvium when they sub- sided, such a visitation must have been ruinous to many. Wo must expect to hear of consider- able losses of timber on the Cedar Hivers, betweou the Clarence and the Brisbane, but, BB tho extent of country they drain is comparatively Bmall, no Buoh fearful inundations as those of that river and the Macleay can have ocourred. Our correspondent offers' some intelligent suggestions for tbs avoidance of future peril lo life, by building abovo tho reach of Buch floods j as have just occurred. It is to be boped that j this advice will be attended to, and that the danger will not - bo forgotten because it bas passed for tba present. In the meantime, a duty which ought not to be neglected devolves upon somebody. Eighteen deaths cannot have occurred in thia sudden and awful manner, without depriving many of those upon whom they depended for support ; nor can this vast destruction of agri- cultural produce have taken place without in- volving great distress and misery. The plentiful moisture that bas dispelled the terror of drought is a na'ional blessing ; and if it has brought its alloy in the Buffering and sorrow of many, these misfortunes call for national relief. The alleviation in this case ought not to depend upon private benevolence. We trnst that the Government will not hesitate to assume the responsibility of affording ¡mme diate relief, and that the public will urge the matter upon the notice of the Executive in a manner so earnest as to give assurance that such a course will moot with the approbation of the people's representatives. WHiLB'tb.9 affected vehemence w'th which many aspiring ecclesiastics and timid churchmen denounce new modes of thought and language on religious topics betrays the pitiable weakness of their faith in what they declare to'be impreg- nable,' it is refreshing to bear ono who occupies a position bf such responsibility and influence in the Church of England as Dr. TAIT calmly wel- come the most freo and full expression . of opinion. To these who tremblingly denounce as treason to- religion any degree of sym- pathy with the sentiments and .... aims ? of such writers1 as the Oxford essayists' and' Bishop CODENSO, and who express their suspicion concerning the soundness of the faith of any man who even asks for fair play to these " innovatore,"' we commend the noble words of tho Bishop of London, published in this paper on Tuesday last. Than that prelate there does not exist a< more faithful and devoted Bon of the Church cf England; and for/ have ever done so much as he to increase the influence and ueefulness of that Church-. And yet, while platform and pulpit orators, in this colony as weir as in Britain, are seeking to prove and? to publish their own fidelity by hurling at the names of certain writers' " dogmatic de' nunoialions, sweeping accusations as to the : corrupt state of heart from which doubt and unbelief is supposed to- spring," this good Bishop declines tho use of- such weapons, and refuses to have any share in pressing " unwise and arrogant claims to an unquestioning obe dienen and submission of the understanding." No faithful herald of GOD'S- truth would ever seek to occupy any higher pociiiqninproclaiming : bis doctrines than that defined !y Ur. TAIT in these well-chosen words :-<* íf i am wise, I will not ask my people to give to the churches teaching and unreasoning and-stolid assent. I will set myself to work as being conscious of that priceless gift of reason, to* discipline myoelf and help others that we may u9e it as GOD directs p.and I shall feel confident that its in- vestigations rightly and reverently conducted,, must result in furthering the cause of the GOD of Truth. Do I believe that supernatural revela- tion and the-.natural discoveries of reason are two methods through which God make« himself known to man?.' Then I can have na doubt that ulti- | mately the conclusions arrived at by the me of GOD'S two. instruments must agree." The right of those to whom religious instruction is given to exercise freely their reason in weighing wh»t they hear-aright distinctly maintained by the Bishop in the foregoing extract-wa3 far more emphatically declared by the. great teacher when he said, "If I do not the works of my Father, BELIEVE ME NOT." And. yet every striking departure from the ordinary style of religious teaching in these days calls ' forth an outburst of alarm and unsparing denunciation against thoBO who refuse to yield implicit obedience to the authority of certain spiritual guides, or c f tbe creeds they uphold. The avowed servants olaim such submission to their dicta as the Master they profess to serve expressly refused to claim for His. In the view of the appeal to unfettered thought, which is perpetually made through both nature and revelation,, what can be more contemptible than the arrogance of those teachers, whatever the se i bianco of authority and dignity that encire'es them, who demand implicit submission of the under- standing, and exécrale O.G. enemies of truth and righteousness all who dare to utter freely the thoughts which they entertain «cd the conclu- sions to which their reasonings guide them on the most important topics ! The more fully assured ono is of the truth of the principios and hopes he entertains,, tho more gladly will he welcome unfettered examination ot the basis on which his convictions rest. If it were possible to overthrow tho cause of Truth, it would be done by those who, happening from no honest search of their own, but from accident of birth or educa- tion, to be numbered among the adherents of a system embodying much truth, decry every variation from the commonly received notions as an attack upon tho bulwarks of eternal verity. If there be amid the endless variety of intel- lectual and practical movements which agitate the modern world of mind, any comprehensive, unquestionable, and self-evident facts, these are such-that. Progress is tho inevitable law of the human soul, and that Christianity is tho Re- ligion of Progress. 'For any advocates:of Christianity, therelorc, to deploro and vainly seek to check the tide of opinion which sweeps round the most revered of all institutions and dogmas with inexorable demand for clear proof of everything for whioh recognition is claimed ; for those who profess to stand upon a rock to condemn as unhallowed cariosity the untiring spirit at investigation, ia the most I palpable inconsistency, ? the most cbsurdi timidity. Those who have but traditionall opinions to cherish and defend vt ill bo perpetu- ally hartssed with fear ss tho advancement of knowledge endangers tho firm hold of suoh opi- nions on the general mind ; but thoso who know that truth is independent of the shifting phases of opinion, unchangeably glorious and beneficent, will rejoice in any increased activity of. thought and vigour of research as tending to bring human opinion to a greater extent into harmony with essential truth. THE annual roport of tho Mutual Provident Society indicates a degree of prosperity which cannot but strongly impress public opinion in favour of this institution. While the entire sum assured on live?, and which, therefore, the society is bound to pay on tho termination of the lives assured, amounts to more than a mil- lion and a half, of which so much os £360,100 have boen aBsared during tho past year, tho year's income from premiums alone exceeds JGÖ 0,000, an income sufficient of -itself to accumulate even1 at the low rale of 4 per cent interest, and amounts to the assured million and a half within the time which tables of average mortality would assign to the lives on the termination of which that monoy is payable. There is besides £143,000 belonging to the society inve&Ced; on mortgages and other good security, more than eight times the amount of invested funds which the socioty had on the Slst December, 185G. A society whose annual income has increased nearly five fold in six years, and whose invested funds have been multiplied more than eight times during the same period, may well invite public confi- dence. The fact noticed in the report, that the sum which was paid on tho death of fourteen members during the past year was "greatly within the amount which might have been exppcted according to the mortality tables," is not, of course, any ground for"anticipatingsavings-m a similar pro- portion dniiog future years; for the experience 1 on which those tables are based has been BO ; wide and uniform, that the rate of mortality in : any community may be with certainty expected to correspond with them during a cycle of years. Yet we believe we are right in sta'ing tbat the annual mortality experienced by all well conducted offices continuously avf rages less than that which forms the basis of their calcu liitioDfj; - Tho reason is obvious. The 'ables are ca'culoted on the mortality of the whole com- munity, the consumptive and gouty subjéct, and the drunkard as well as the vigorous well nour- ished man free from hereditary taint; The assurance' office excludes the former, and so 'gains' the benefit from the latter. It is not, however, a prosperous year,, nor even the evidence afforded of a steady advancement from its first establishment, which constitutes the- chief claim of this society on public confidence. The "mutual" principle, the rule by- which those who, to secure provision for their families after their decease, or for themselves, at on advanced period of life, have become members of such societies, are independent of extrinsic aid,.and their combined resources free from any appro- priation to o4her ends ; this principle is the great recommendation of the Mutual Provident Society. By good management, by the appli- cation of sound statistical- conclusions tootha conduct of undertakings, life assurance has been made a sourc3 of large and perennial gains to numerous capitalists. And why shouW-not those who 'seslz- in- life assurance the means of providing for their families, have an oppor- tunity of appropriating to that important design the profits arisingcontinually from tho practice of such insurance?' Doubtless life assurance societies have been the source of immense beaefit to the families of those who have made use of them, as well as to tho shareholders. But now that experience» in conjunction with thc most exaetrand incontestable calculation, has shown that it is-not necessary to have a moneyed' proprietary, or any shareholders, except the assurers themselves,, it is surely warrantable and most desirable that the various modes of providing for future emergencies, whether in the way of lifer assurance, deferred annuities, or endowments, should' be so managed as to appro- priate all profits to the increase of the future return, which' constitutes the end and'-nim of present effort- and self-denial. Every one who puts by a yearly premium to secure a sum for his family on his decease, or who- makes a similar payment to gain for himsolf in his declining years a comfortable annuity; or who is by Bach payment providing endowments to be paid to his childran-on their arrival ata ^certain age is, if the institution.with wlitoh he connects himself for sucb purposes be well managed,, snelling the amount »of profit; which enfieh the proprietors. Aol if the busi- ness could'be so conducted thai these profits should be expended in adding* to the amount which be or his family will receive.when their time comes, it would, of:course,J)e much- moro satisfactory.. This is jusWwhat the " mutual" principle secures; and herein consists the superiority cf societies based on that principle over all others, instituted for similar purposes. Of course the true value of all such institutions depends:upoQ thé accuracy of-the, calculations on whichaheir plans are based, and the fidelity witluwhich they are carried., out. It is better to put profits into the pocket&.of ollvess,. if,, by so do'mgi one mokes euro of the main, provision, than, to go on contributing^ in the expectation that profits and all will, be, combined in the ultimate return, while ajisnaanagement or trea- chery may be 8weeping.away.the resources relied OD. But there is no reason whatever why societies that appropriate the. profils to the furtherance of the objects, of the assurers, as mutual sooieties do, should not secure as much scientific aid, and cs much official integrity asi any other institutions. We.ase not aware of anj instance of a sooiefcy.establisbed on this prinuiple failing to discbarge all its liabilities as they arise,, or of the members, of any being robbed of their savings, whethe&by.; the ig-aorance or dishonesty of their officers. The great inorcaeo of the practice of assurances, as shown in tho report now before us, is one of the most convincing eigne, of social progress. What can be moro essential io the general happiness and advancement of tho community than that those who, with their families, aro dependent on the incomes derived from the work of their bands,, or the exercise of their professional skill, should provide for their own, and prepare some defence against eventa that might prostrate themselves or their familias to a condition of absolute, dependence on the benevolence of others? The contrast between the circumstances of those on the one hand, who have directed their thoughts and energies to the accumulation of. wealth, and thoBo on the other, who have devoted them- selves to pursuits whiob yield a sufficient income,' but neither require nor provide any accumula- tion of capital, strongly suggests tbe necessity for tho latter class, at all events, of such faci- lities as are afforded by mutual provident sooioties. BALUMH TEWEIUNQE. HAIL -Dr. Neild «ato o rood lng lam TuoBduy evening, from Diokeub' ObriBimas Caro!, " Soroogo and Marley nnd tho Ghost of Christmas past.'' Edward II un', Eeq., occupied ttl a chair. Tho reading wat) rendered in n mts) impressive manner, and was listened to throughout with marked ottontion by a numorouB audience, composed principally of the mecha- nical and working.olnenoe. À vote ol thanks wos nanni, niom'y award od to Dr. Noild, on the motion of N--D. Stenhouse, Esq., altor which Ihe Broretnry, Mr. Ronald, onnounoBd lim on Tuesdoy overling, the 10th instant, n leoturo would be' deliverer*, in tbo Bi.nl j placo, by Mr. Arobibald Mulray, subjact-" BuBbrangiog, its causes and remedy." furoBME Or rjnx.-MoBlei'a Office, Timme ay, ßtb March: -Wontworlh r. Gurner, examination i Glass, oook v. IToromoD, dieoborgo; Ferry v. Muir, minuteB; Taylor v. Hellyer, foots; Clerihew v. Joss, minutée; Cowling v. DjQglnBB, taxation, ' ,' MüHiotPAL COUNCIL.-In our report of tbs mooting of tho mnnioipol onunoil, on Monday, tbe nome of Mr, Harley was accidentally omitted from tbe list ot > those present on that OCOBBÍOD. 