EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN NEWS, " Correspondence 1ms been laid before Parliament in reference to the largo emigration of young men from Ireland, many of whom do not deny that they are iutended for the Federal army. The explana- tion given by Mr. Adams, the American minister, in a letter to Earl Russell, is to the effect that the emigrants are not required as soldiers, but as "workmen and agriculturists. Sacrist, an Apothecary' s.Shop. — The mild ness which in England is attributed to Alexander is no doubt his due, hut it is amply evident that the new' system introduced by him has been the ruin of that splendid army which Nicholas spent his life in forming. When Alexander abolished corporal punishment in the army he at once did nway with all discipline. For the Russian sol dier 1ms no instincts higher than a beast, and if he knows that under all circumstances his skin will ho left whole, there is no end to the enormi ties liewill plunge into. It is now a fact that, in the regiments on the Polish frontier at all events, the officers always give their orders revol ver in lmnd, and even then rarely succeed in s making their men obey them. A very character istic episode, showing the utter inability of the Russian soldiers to abstain from drink, took place at the sacking at Miochow, on February 17. A party of those fellows broke into an apothecary's shop, and without pausing to see what the bottles' contained, swallowed all their contents, and some twenty of them met their death by those means. If this frightful demoralisation were confined to the common soldiers there would yet he hope for the Russian army, hut the gravest danger lies in the utter corruption of officers and men alike ; of course there are remarkable exceptions, hut this state of things is generally true of the whole army. The following anecdote, told me by the proprietor of the house in which the scene took place, will show you the dirty sort of things which Russian officers will stoop to: — About three months ago a Russian officer and lieutenant were quartered on a certain M. Kucienski, at Tlentkowice, in Poland, near the Galician fron tiers. M. Kucienski overheard the major asking the lieutenant to lend him three roubles, which tlm other persistently refused to do. M. Kucien ski at once placed his purse at the disposal of the major, who had simply resorted to this artifice of attempting to borrow from the lieutenant in order to get money from the proprietor. The major instantly accepted the three roubles, and promised to repay them at the earliest opportunity ; but no more did M. Kucienski ever hear of him. A short' time since the general of the division to which the major belonged was passing Bentko- wice, and M. Kucienski mentioned the circum stance t,o him, and it is fair to him to add that ho at once paid the money out of his own pocket. — Cracow letter in the Daily Neu>3. Prison St,ang. — Conversation under tiie Silent System. — The dumb alphabet and ges ture-language of the gaol is very complete. When one prisoner wishes to inform another that somebody is dead, Jie spells the name on. his fin gers, then rests his head upon his hands and stamps on the ground — so and so is dead and buried ; or if a mutual friend has been trans ported, the informant rubs his leg, spelling out the unfortunate's name as before. Imprisonment for a number of years is expressed by placing a corresponding number of fingers on the ear — Bill Sykcs has got three 'ear ! — for months a similar sign on the mouth does duty. If I have received a letter and wish to convey information of that fact to some friend in the exercise-yard, I. cough to attract his observation, and then scribble on my hand. I signify that I have received a news paper by seeming to read my palm. Have I been favoured with a visit, I put ray finger to my eye. If I have become possessed of tobacco, I reveal the happy fact by rubbing my nose. I pretend to whip when I have been flogged, and explain that I have been put upon short allowance by placing my hands upon my bereaved stomach. To indi cate that I have sent a letter I write on my hand, and feign to toss the writing to the air. My missus has been " lagged," and I challenge my friend's sympathy by placing both my palms upon my breast. If I wish to intimate that I have been reported, I touch my collar. Perhaps I have to see the governor or the deputy-gover nor. In the one case I hold up my index finger and put it to my dye— in the other I apply the second finger in like manner; an impending in terview with the magistrates is signified by touch ing the peak of my cap. But there is one system of prison converse which distances all others for ingenuity— it is known as the telegraph. Pri soners are often heard tapping more or less gently in their cells. It sounds like the object less occupation of idle hands, or an accompaniment to some wearily whistled tune, which no warder is hound to take cognizance of. In fact, it is the clicking of the telegraph, and this is how it is worked. The staples upon which the bed-hooks bang penetrate the walls that divide the. cells; and iron is so facile a conductor of sound that, for that matter, there might as well be no masonry between tho prisoners at all ; the slightest tap on a staple in one cell is distinctly heard in the other; and it is only necessary, therefore, to arrange a code of alphabetical rap- signals, and conversation is easy enough, though not very fluent. Two neighbouring prisoners have a mind to talk. One of them gives his staple a few smart raps to en gage the other's attention, and then they begin. " What aie you in for ?" is the first question, and the inquirer taps off, in regular quick strokes, every letter in tho alphabet until he comes to the twenty- third, w. There he pauses for a moment, and then begins again ; one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, which is h ; and so on till "what" is spelt out. A very few rapid strokes ' signify that the word is complete ; and as soon as the other party to the conversation telegraphs that ho has got the word all right (which is done by repeating these rapid strokes on his side of the wall) the next word is forthwith commenced. But sometimes the operator gives a tap too many in the middle of a word, which would confuse it altogether, of course, if provision had not.been. made for so likely an accidont. The remedy is simple. With the instrument he taps with, tho operator rubs the staple, as if erasing the wrong ful letter ; his friend on the other side repeats the rub, in token that lie understands the signal, and the mistako is audihlv corrected. — Cornhill Maaazine. An Oil Spring on Fire. — A Canadian paper states that on tho evening of the first Sunday in April", the inhabitants of Oil Spring Village found that a quantity of tar oil which had floated down Black Creek, being obstructed by some felled trees -? and collected in a mass, had caught, or was set on fire, the result being that a grand illumination took place. At first the flames were small iu proportion, but as the_evening progressed they spread, trees near by caught, and a startling fire was the result. For roods, it is stated, the creek appeared as a boiling cauldron, darting sheets of red flame high into the air to an altitude of nearly . fifty feet. Crowds of people gathered to witness . the weird and interesting scene, and various stratagems were resorted to in order to check the progress of tho fire. Ultimately -these efforts were successful, and the flames wore subdued, no further damage having been sustained by tho vil lagers than the burning down of some fine trees and other timber. Aninventivo Yankee proposes that on tho approach of a British fleet to New York harbour, petroleum should he floated on the water, and when the hostile ships are iu the middle it should he fired by means of rockets. Three iron-plated ships have been fitted up for sea since the Warrior — namely, the Black Prince, G038 tons, at a total cost of £373,896 ; the Resistance, 3668 tons, at a cost of £257,848"; and the Defence, 3668 tons, at a cost of £252, 80S. There are eight colonial bishops now in London, namely, Dr. Barker, Bishop of Sydney, N. S. W. ; Dr. Perry, Bishop of Melbourne; Dr. Fulford, Bishop of Montreal ; Dr. Russell Nixon, Bishop of Tasmania ; Dr. Colenso, Bishop of Natal ; Dr. Twclls, Bishop of tho Orange River territory ; Dr. Hills, Bishop of British Columbia; and Dr. Ryan, Bishop of Mauritius. The Right Rev. Dr. Russel Nixon will complete the resignation of the bishopric of Tasmania in a few weeks, and the appointment of a successor will ho made from the colony, where a diocesaifsynod has loug been es tablished. The Turkish Minister for Foreign Affairs has addressed a despatch to the Turkish Minister in Paris on tho subject of the conditions originally imposed by the Porte on the execution of the Suez Canal, which have been evaded by M. Lesseps. The Sultan stipulates that for his assent to the further prosecution of the work, that international engagements guaranteeing the complete neutrality of the channel, like those of the Dardanelles and Bosphorus — he insists, also, on the abolition of forced labour ; ' on tiie annulment of the clause ceding to the company all tho lands bordering upon the different canals on the ground that such a grant would create colonics all but independent of tho empire. In the event of the company being unable to comply with these conditions, the Porte will endeavour (as a matter of grace) to return the company tlm money it has expended, and, in conjunction with the Viceroy, continue the works, if they be deemed feasible. The American Press generally assert that Mr. Adam's pretensions in giving a certificate to a vessel bound to Matamoras with arms for Mexico does not justify the severe condemnation of the English Press. The Herald thinks the time has arrived when the United States may peremptorily demand of England a Consistent neutrality or the last alternative of war. Tiie Extraordinary Case of Breach of Promise of Marriage. — On Friday morning, in the Court of Bankruptcy, before Mr. Commissioner Fane, Miss Annie Russell, the young lady who brought an action for alleged breach of promise'of marriage against Dr. Adams, of Henrietta-street, Cavoudish-square, applied to he released from Whitecross-street prison, where she was confined at the suit of Dr. Adams, for the taxed costs in the action " Russell v. Adams." The case created considerable interest in court. The young lady made her appearance in the careof Mrs. Grant, the matron, attended by an officer of the prison. Singularly enough the mother of the petitioner is detained in the same prison for debt. On tho case being called, Mr. Wild (Barber and Wild) said he opposed on the part of Dr. Adams, and submitted that it was not a case for a release under the 112th section. Mr. Commissioner Fane asked the nature of the complaint, as ho knew nothing of the case. Mr. Wild said the bank rupt had brought an action of breach of promise of marriage against Dr. -Adams, and the taxed- costs were £315 6s. 6d.f for which she had been arrested, and the costs of Dr. Adams were about £1000. Mr. Commissioner Fane asked the bankrupt how long she had been in prison. The bankrupt replied some three weeks. Mr. Com missioner Fane— " And the verdict was for the defendant ?" The bankrupt said the jury were reluctantly compelled to .give a verdict against her. It was not exactly for the defendant. Dir. Wild said he could show that it was nothing but a gross conspiracy of the bankrupt and her mother to extort money from Dr. Adams, who was a married man, and they had been going about to bring actions against clergymen and doctors for breaches of promise of marriage. The bankrupt declared that it was not so. It hail been proposed that both plaintiff and defendant should be ex amined in the action, and had that been permitted she could have proved her case. The record in the action was handed up to the learned commis sioner, who told tho Attorney-General he must prove his case against the young woman. Mr. Commissioner Fane began reading the declaration to the amusement of the auditory, stating that she had been ready and willing to marry the defen dant, and for default she claimed £3000. Mr. Wild said again it was a conspiracy. Dir. Com missioner Fane— " Wliat are the costs?" Mr. Wild said the taxed costs, as appeared on tho hack of the record, were £315 Gs. Gd., but tho actual costs were £1000, as witnesses had to bo brought from Holyhead aud other places. Mr. Commissioner Fane said she ought not to have put him to the costs. Bankrupt — " He ought not to have put himself in a position to have them in curred." (A laugh.) The attorney for Dr. Adams contended that it was not a case for re lease. Mr. Commissioner Fane — " £315 costs. It is a monstrous case. I can't release her until she has been four months in prison." Tho learn ed commissioner repeated his determination, on which the bankrupt said, " I was told yesterday that you would prejudge the case." Tho learned commissioner further remarked that he hail " never seen any of the parties or heard of the case till it was brought before him. Prejudge the case indeed!" The bankrupt was taken hack to prison, aud will remain for upwards of three months longer at the suit of Dr. Adams in com pany with her mother. Shocking Tragedy at Nottingham. — Last week a shocking occurrence took place in Narrow Marsh, and low and densely populated part of Nottingham. The perpetrator of the deed is a man named John Wlieeldon, a pensioner, about fifty years of age, and the woman he attempted to -murder was his wife, with him he had lived on bail terms for several months. A short time ago they separated, and the woman went to live with a man hearing the sobriquet of ' Flashy.' It appears, from inquiries which have been made into the case, that tho husband since'their separa tion had endeavoured to persuade the woman to return to him, a proposal which she rejected. The husband then indulged in drinking habits. On-Mouday he purchased a pair of pistols ; hut, being a man of reticent habits, nothing in the shape of threats were heard to proceed from him. On Tuesday the wife and her paramour were seen together purchasing furniture, aud, as they were seen by Wlieeldon, it is supposed the sight in creased his desire for revenge. A3 the woman was passing along Narrow Marsh, about five o'clock on SVednesday, Wlieeldon followed her into the shop of a man named Mitchell, and after some conversation, which appears below, and which was characterised by bitterness on both sides, discharged a pistol in her face. The woman fell, but afterwards staggered into the street, where she was caught iu the arms of oue of the neighbours, and afterwards taken to tho General Hospital. Meanwhile the mau followed his wife into the street anil discharged another pistol im mediately under his right ear. Ho was taken to tho Infirmary by the police, and on the way said lie was not so badly injured as he meant. to have been. Tho woman was found to he in such a precarions state that her statcmcntlwas taken by the magistrates' clerk. It was as follows : — My husband and I have been living apart about a fort night, when he sold my home up. Between four and five o'clock this afternoon I was going down Narrow Marsh alone, when I heard my husband call mo and say, 'Come hero.' I _ turned. round ami went with him into Mitchell's house, iu Narrow Marsh. My husband followed into Mit chell's house. Mr. Mitchell and two other men were there. My husband said to me, ' God help you, you look a poor creature.' I said, ' Yes, and you don't look much better. You're paying twelve shillings a week for your hoard now, but when you was with mo you were not contented.' He said. ' I don't feel contented now. Do you want any money ?' I said, ' No ; you may take it to the Scotch woman that fetched the warrant for mo.' He said, ' The warrant will do you no harm now ; I'll pay any money fur you.' He told me to kiss my child, which was then in the room. 1 kissed my child. He said, ' Will you take the child ?' I said, 'No, I can't; I can't maintain it. You have taken the bread out of my mouth, or I could have done ; but if the Lord spares me I will get a living now.' He said, ' Yes, my wench, you would.' He said, ' Have one glass of ale with me, and then I'll leave you.' I said, ' No, never while I live ; you have scandal ised me to the uttermost, and I can think of you no more.' I said, 'I will take a little house, and try to manage the best way I can.' He said, ' You know I won't let you live in that way.' I said, "I will got a " protection" paper.' I tlmn heard him draw a trigger. Mitchell looked round, and I said, ' Oil ! lie's got a pistol.' I ran towards my husband,, who shot me in the face. I fell on the floor, and tried to speak, but could not. I then got up and ran out into the street; there was a crowd of people, and I was taken to the hospital.' Oil Thursday morning it was reported in the town that the man was dead, but on inquiry it was found that such was not the caso. Casting an Anvil Block, Weighing 100 Tons, at the Midland Works, Sheffield. — Messrs. Stanley and Co, iron founders, Midland Works, wore occupied the greater portion of Friday in casting a monster anvil block, weighing one hundred tons — by far the largest casting ever made in England. At an early hour the work men were busily engaged at the furnaces and in the foundry getting everything in readiness for the actual operation of casting, which began' about eight o'clock, and continued under tho personal superintendence of the Messrs. Stanley, until three o'clock in the afternoon. The mould — to the uninitiated only-an immcuse hole in the earth — was situated iti the centre of a spacious casting room, having on each side a powerful crane, by which the molten metal was conveyed in ponderous ' ladles' from the furnaces to the mould. As tho burning flood rolled into the fiery pit, sheets of flame and clouds of smoke rose seething and scorching from the mass, and innumerable stars of strange beauty and brilliancy darted forth in every direction, to the manifest disquiet of tho more curious of the spectators who had approached venturously near the spot. Thcro were many gentlemen and several ladies present, and great gratification was evinced at the scene they wit nessed — not forgetting the manly readiness and energy with which tho grimy aud perspiring workmen performed their important and often dangerous parts. About a quarter past two o'clock the ' dross' which had accumulated upon the surface of the metal in the mould, now almost full, was dragged off and tho top of the mould closed over, the remainder of the requsite metal being poured into it through a central aperaturo. The metal was run from two large cupolas and two air furnaces. The anvil block is intended for a 12i ton Nasmytli's double-acting steam, hammer, resting on a foundation of oak blocks, eleven -feet square by four feet deep, and 120 large piles driven ten feet into tho ground by steam power. The hammer is for forging the homogeneous metal for the largo Whitworth guns and projectiles, marine engine-cranks, and other shafts weioliinu from five to eiirht tons each.— -Sheffield 'Tcleqraph. Extraordinary Scene in a Bristol Bury- ing-ground. — A correspondent sends us the following strange story : — At an early hour on Wednesday morning, two eldery females weie ob served stealthily to wend their way towards a secluded part of the graveyard iu Redcross-street. After a while they began to clear away a portion of the earth; and after getting down' some way, they lifted out a coffin, and in a fow minutes made for tho gates again, to the no small astonishment, excitement, ami disgust of the workmen of a firm whoso back windows happened to look upon the spot. A discussion was held without delay amongst the workmen, and they decided to send two of their number in quest of the women, whom they found making their way towards Newtown. The workmen procured the assistance of a police man, and as the women were passing St. Phillip's police station they were asked in with their prizes in their possession. The men having given their evidence as far as they knew of the affair, and being satisfied they had done their duty, at once went to their employment-; hut at a quarter -to eleven they were surprised by seeing three old ' ladies approaching the same corner, where they halted while a boy opened the holo still deeper, and to their greater astonishment, the coffin was again deposited in the grave. The workmen who witnessed these strange proceedings at once de manded an explanation, when one of the old ladies gave the following explanation. It seems a child had died in Piccadilly, Newtown, and the funeral had taken place on Tuesday, aud the placing of the corpse in the coffin had been intrusted to a person who, having been drinking rather freely, had forgotten to place the body in the coffin. Nor was tho mistako found out until Wednesday morning, when a female happened to go into the room and found the body of the child. The coffin was taken back again, and, the body having been placed in it, was again buried. The strange affair caused considerable excitement in the neigh- bourhood.- — Western Daily Press. Perridle Calamity at a Fire. — The Levant Herald, of 6th May, contains the report of a disastrous fire which occurred at tho lmuso of J Dr. Galali, a Greek physician, at I'cra, on Sunday, 3rd May. The fire was first perceived by Dr. Galati himself, .aud ho instantly gave the alarm, which enabled his mother-in-law and two brothers- in-law to escape. The native servants escaped by the roof, without assisting tho others, hut before Dr. Galati himself, his wife, an English nursery governess, and two sisters-in-law, who all slept on tho third floor, could do so, the flames had reached the lobby and prevented egress to the roof. In this emergency tiie nursery governess caught up the child that slept with her, and, wrapping a counterpane round it and herself, she jumped out of the window into the crowd, which had by this time gathered iu the paved court below. Anlo'uiau attuni) ted to catch her, hut his arm was broken by the shock, and tho poor girl and her burden fell with nearly the full momentum of their weight upon the flags. Her nnn and skull were hotli fractured, and the child was killed on the spot. In the meantime, Dr. Galati endeavoured to induce his wife to escape with a second child— an infant throe months old — by being lowered out of the window by moans of a rope of bed-sheets. She, however, appears to have induced him to precede her by this means of escape, hut ho had hardly got clear of the window-sill when, either she proving unable to bear the weight, or lie to hold on — his hands, face, and feet having been already greatly burnt— ho fell head foremost to the ground. The child was killed instantly, and tho skull and both arms of Dr. Galati himself terribly fractured. Seeing this from the window, and driven by the flames — which were now visible behind her even to the crowd below — Mrs. Galati threw herself into the court, and, falling without break of any kind on the stones, was, like her children, killed on the spot. The charred remains of tiie two sisters-in-law were afterwards found iu the ruins. A French Series of Tragedies. — The villages of Golaucourt and Morlincourt, near Com- picgnc (Oiso), have just been the scone of two murders and a suicide, committed by a. man named Huricr, a notorious smuggler. A few days since, Hurier's wife died after several hours' severe illness. A past mortem examination was ordered by the authorities, and it was then dis covered that tho woman had been poisoned with a strong dose of coeculus indicus. Meanwhile, Hurier had disappeared, and as it is known that a connection had for some time past existed between him and the wife of a farmer named Billot, residing at Morlincourt, officers were sent to sec whether ho had been there. On entering the house the woman Billot was found lying dead on her bed, having been strangled, and near her lay Hurier, also dead, apparently from tho effects of poison, as the body presented no external injuries. Russian Barbarities in Poland and Cir- cassia. — A letter iu the Dehats from Wilna says : " The civil war continues, aud it is becoming more and more sanguinary and ferocious. The bands, which were at first composed of from 500 to 800 men, are now not more than 200 at the utmost, and the greater part do not consist of more than twenty to thirty men. They remain in the forests, where they find it difficult to sustain life. The Russians are guided by the peasants, whom they frighten and corrupt, and scarcely allow any quarters to the insurgents. Tho number of pri soners have become so large that all the prisons are gorged, and it is difficult to escort the pri soners across a country which is in such a state of ferment. Moreover, there are no longer any councils of war hold ; all those who are taken with guns in their -hands are executed on the spot; and what arms, good heavens !— rusty sabres, scythes, pikes, iron-headed sticks. Re volvers are luxuries only possessed by two or three individuals, at most, among a band of fifty insurgents. You know that 300 of the principal proprietors have boon arrested and hurried into the interior of Russia, or shut up in the citadel. Every day new arrests are made. Every peasant who has any complaint to make against his lord, an employee, or an overseer ; every insolvent debtor, is sure to ho listened to, and his denun ciation is immcdiatcy followed by an arrest. In this way it is desired to arouse all hatreds, ran cour, and vengeance, to light a civil war, and to plunge the country into the most frighful anarchy." The Czas of tho 22nd says : — " A Pole, named Krasuski, has been sentenced to receive 500 blows from a stick before being shot. The order was executed at Warsaw itself. The unfortunate man passed between the tanks of 500 soldiers, and re ceived the appointed number of strokes. After this tcrriblo infliction, not being able either to stand or lie down, lie supported himself against tho wall, being enveloped in his cloak. His mother, had obtained permission to sec him im mediately after this barbarous scene, but lie was so much disfigured that she did not recognise him. Taking him for a stranger, she asked liiui which way she must go to see her son. The only re sponse of tho unhappy man was to open his cloak and show his lacerated body. Two hours later Krasuski was shot." We read in tho Courier d' Orient: — " We have received from Circassia in telligence which will arouse the indignation of all civilised men. The incendiaries and butchers of Poland have, it appears, infused their bloody rago into their comrades, charged with tho subjugation of the Caucasus. A scene of cmnibalism lias been enacted at the village of Hafifs, in the country of the Cliapsoughs. Tho men of that village were at the frontier for the service of the outposts. Taking advantage of their absence, the soldiers of the Czar fell on tho rest of tho popula tion, which was defenceless, and killed, burnt, and pillaged tlieni. Among the number of tho victims were eighteen old women, eight children, and six old men. On the hack of one of the slaughtered women there was left a hoard, hearing these words, ' Go and complain to tho Kraalilza (Queen) of England, to whom your deputies went to de mand assistance.' On the body of a little hoy was found this inscription, 'Remain here, instead of going to sell yourself to your protectors, the Turks.' Finally, on tho corpse of an old man, the eyes of whom had been put out, was read, ' Go and join your deputies ; you will find some good oculists at Paris.' It is thus that the armies of the Czar diffuse civilisation. Thanks to the system of burning pursued for the last fis-e years, nearly all the cottages situated in the valleys are destroyed. The population, hunted from their hearths, have, taken refuge, on the mountains. Now a great number of .families are struggling with famine. In their despair they arc thinking of submitting to the Russians. The calamity of being abandoned by the Turks and by Europe tends to drive these poor creatures to cast them selves into the arms of the enemy. The greater part of the Circassians, however, prefer dying with arms in their hands. The insurrection of Poland, and the revolt which has broken out in the Government of Kasau, have revived their hopes." In the Isle of Man a superstition exists that if the knots of the shroud are not untied when the coffin is nailed up the ghost of the deceased will wander about. A funeral recently took place, and soon after it was rumoured that the deceased's ghost had visited her former home, and it was re membered that the knots had not been untied. The vicar was applied to for leave to open the grave and allow the needful to he done, to which he, of course, objected, doing his utmost to show the party the -folly of such notions. The friends, however, were determined not to ho outdone, and early yesterday (Sunday) morning week the grave was opened, the lid of the collin removed, the knots unloosed, and the grave made all right ere the sun rose. The ex-royal family of France have been stay ing at St. Leonards-on-Sea, and while thcro ail interesting event tpok place — tho betrothal of the Duke do Ohalres, sc-co/id son of the late Duke d'Orleans, to the Princess Francoise d'.Orleans, daughter of the Priuce and Princess do Joinville. Recipe for Curing IIams. — I send you an effectual and excellent mode of curing hams, which I have proved by actual experience. For 10011). of meat, take 4I1>. fino salt, 2oz. saltpetre, and 4oz. brown suuar ; mix well together, and rub upon the fresh sides of the pieces until they are covered. The hams should he laid on hoards, and the rubbing repeated daily for several weeks, or until the moat is ready for smoking. — II. T. D., Doylcsloion, Pa. Serious Result of Writing Indistinctly. — An extraordinary caso was tried in the Court of Queen's Bench oil Friday. An action was brought by a Mr. Cowan against a Mr. Lascelies for having fraudulently represented that lie was authorised to sell an estate in India belonging to General Cannon. Mr. Laseellos, ns chairman of the Indian Invh".l Land Company, received Ironi India a 1. t:--r n-qn---ih ihe company to sell an estate. I t>- iw.r-- of I'm h iter- was really " G. P. < 'la -a. 1-nl tin- \v: was so had that the nam" v.- I ' . ( i . i '.union." General Onuiioii s i-sta!.- y, a known to ho productive of the lint-si eotiee, an-l Mr. Cowan hearing from Mrs. Lascelies of its being in tho market, got up a)eom- ..pany to buy it. When the company was formed, and certain expenses incurred, the mistake as to tiie signature was discovered, and the company was dissolved. The action now was for tho ex penses which the plaintifl had incurred. The defence was that the whole matter was a mistake, and to the great amusement of the Court, tho clerk, on raiding the letter, actually read the name Cannon. Ultimately the jury gave a verdict for the defendant. The Hants Advertiser states that an earthen vessel, containing nearly 300 ancient silver and copper coins, lias been dug up in a field at Far- ringford, the seat of Mr. Alfred Tennyson, the poet laureate. Burglary at .Batiiurst.— A daring burglary was committed early on Tuesday morning, on tho premises in the occupation of Mr. Butterworth, chemist, in ITnwick-stroct, and from the nature of the articles stolon and the shape of footprints in tho vicinity, it is surmised that tho burglars wore Chinamen. About fifteen pounds weight of'opium. valued at about 30/., appears to lie nil, with the exception of a pair of hoots, which was taken, and the robbery appears to have been conducted with the greatest coolness, and is evidently" the work of parties who have managed to make themselves well acquainted with the plan of the house and the whereabouts of the drug tliey required. The thieves, as shown by tho footmarks, evidently ap proached tho premises from tho piece of yvasto land abutting on the right-of-way leading from Durham to llowiek-streot, olose to Lennon's snap and candle factory, and as the palings which en close the house are five feet eight inches high, somo packing cases standing in the yard were placed so as to form steps by which tho fence eould be scaled with ease. No attempt was made to force tho doors, hut an cntranco was effected by making a breach in t lie brickwork close to the back door, anil some notion of the security felt by the robbers may be gained from the fact that the'spot selected for operations was at the point or corner formed by the junction of a side, wall, 9 inches thick, and the outer ivall, 11 inches in depth. Having made a gap on a level with the ground large enough to admit the body of a man, the thieves were at once able to crawl into the consulting room, and from thence passed with facility into the shop — none of the iloors being locked. The things 'displayed in the shop window arc parted off by moans of a glass casement, in the shape of a bow, fitted with hinged panels. The panel behind tho counter ap pears to have been the only one disturbed, and this, not liaving hinges, was carefully lifted down, and throe balls of Patna opium wcro the only goods abstracted. Beneath tho counter wcro several jars, and these seem to have been examined for tho same drug — one of them which contained a small quantity of Turkey opium having been carried out in the yard and emptied of its contents. There were several glass eases containing costly fancy articles in the shop, but nothing was touched except a pair of boots which wore carried away. Tho robbery seems to have been strictly confined to tho search for opium, and, very luckily, a largo case which stood in the passugo, close to tho spot whore the entry was made, and which contained a large quantity of the medicament-, was overlooked by the thieves. Dir. and Mrs. Butterworth it seems were up unusually late on the night in question, and did not retire till half-past twclvo o'clock, when Mrs. Butterworth, as customary, went over tho premises to see that everything was safe and let loose two dogs, one of them a -fierce animal, which arc always unchained tho last thing-at night. IV bother the (logs were drugged is not known, but they were not heard to bark, and from tho stualthi- ncss which characterised tho operations of the bur glars, not abound was heard during the night by any of tho inmates. Somo pieces of sperm candle wcro found close to the ilchris occasioned in re moving tho bricks, and a piece of charred wood found in tho shop shows that by using an ember taken from tho kitchen firo the noise which would otherwise have boon created by the striking of a match was avoided. Two policemen passed tho front of the house at midnight, hut observed nothing to attract their attention. — Times. Sir Frederick Pottixgkr and Mr. IIarpur, M.Tj.A. — The Sydney correspondent of tho Gout- burn Chronicle writes : — Somo time ago Mr. IIarpur, in tho courso of a debate in the Assembly, called Sir Frederick Pottingor " a liar and a coward" — words nt tho time thought very hard', quite uncalled for. Everybody knows the moaning of theso words, and what I am about to relate will show whether or not they were misapplied. The morning after the said debate was published, Sir Frederick, with a cigar in his mouth, a stout whip in his hand, went down to Mr. Harpur's lodgings ; ho asked to see Mr. IIarpur. Tho landlady called that gentleman, who, on entering tho room, seeing that the baronet had a whip and iooked threatening, rushed at once to him, so as to come to close quar ters if necessary. IIarpur asked him what ho wanted. The baronet complained of tho language used towards him. Air. Harpar said ho was not going to retract it, neither would lie take advantage of his position in any way — whatever course Pot tingor might pursue, lie (Mr. IIarpur) would tako tho consequences and so must Sir Frederick. What ever Sir Frederick Pottingor might do, lie (Mr. IIarpur) would not appeal to tho law, nor to the Government against him. Hearing this, and seeing tho hold front of the offender, tho baronet seemed somewhat cowed and was silent. Mr. IIarpur then said " you had hotter consult some friend where upon the baronet wentbut.andshortly after returned with S. C. Burt. On his return there was an altera tion in his demeanour — he was no longer swagger ing, and had probably remembered that it was not quite the tiling to smoke a cigar in a gentleman's private room when not invited to do so. IIarpur told Sir. Burt that he was not prepared to retrnct what lie liadsaid ; but, if necessary, he also would consult a friend, and ho guided by his advice. Mr. Harpur chose Mr. Dalley, and under his advice wrote a manly letter to tho baronet, in which ho recapitulated what lie had said to Sir Frederick personally. Pottingor then consulted Mr. D. Egan, M.P., hut strange to say ultimately left town with out answering Harpur's letter. So ended this affair. Cat-tain Battye's Pistol. — At tho Moruya Police-court, on the 10th instant, Charles Burgess Zalin was brought up in custody from Bntcman's Bay, by Mr. Sub-inspector Malhon, upon a chargo of stealing a pistol or revolver at the Doncaster Hotel, the property of Captain Battye. Mr. Sub- inspector Malhon upon being sworn, stated that lie arrested the prisoner in consequence of a telegram received from Captain Battye, which stated that 'the prisoner was at the Doncaster Hotel on Saturday at the time of the robbery, and had left on the follow ing Monday suddenly. The telegram further in structed Mr. Malhon " that if the pistol was not found upon the defendant, ho was to detain him under tho Vagrant Act." Mr. Malhon stated that lie found nothing upon the prisoner nor anything lo criminate him, but prayed a remnndacoorilmg tiHiis instructions. Remanded until Monday. I am at a loss to know whether a proceeding of this sort is a police regulation iu itself, or whether it emanates from any judicial authority. I should fancy not the latter— so if the police cannot find any eviilenccf of anything to criminate the man, the plan resorted to is to charge him with another offence. I have no sympathy with criminals, hut this course of the police seems to he most unpardonable tampering with tho liberty of the subject; — Correspondent of liraidwood hit- patch. 