»Na3.18U AND KOIIEIGN ITEMS. ly 'J'lie •ollogn of Iha "Jialrynian'* Haughlrt'," at AiwKiii, in the I ale or Wight, oelebrated in dig r glous world through the Itor, liolgli llieliinond'a writings, is advertised fur sale. in ion Bo inuoli antloty >i«« !»<mi tliomt to immpw a m (loll of liemo'* 0«k, at It lay jti the Home J'arl H has bwm tiMHwawy to plaoo a kooiiar to walflh it iiidil ami day, previous lo dig removal of the in toroKlliig rolla to a piano of aooiirlly. JlallW he« been tuflbrlng under a defwillvo tup y of walw all tho summer, whlsli at pftmmt aiaouiiU' doiwirlglil aoarolly. of An inquest waa liald a( flltguff,in the aounty of Carlo*, on the body of a ohlld about Itvelre montl re old, and Llio eWdoiuo ahowed that on tlm tiMviout ox (ho utuMiorof tlia uhlld, a young uiiman'lud woman, lt iMinvu iClutt Jtolly, niol lt» father, a form laborer, m- ii/tmml J.'iitrlok Jlorrls, on the lino of railway runn 1 to Kilkenny, She plarnd the olilld between tho rail a u order that (herepuUid fntlior mlgliL (ake charge II, but lie refuted, and left tho plane with the Inten i of (lomiiiunluntlng the olroumataneM to the authorities. The mother followed, possibly with the tame i tuition, and during iholr absence tfie poor olilld wa m klllwl by the evening train, Jiotii parties havebwm t ooliiiiill.tod of to gaol (o stand their trial, ey d A laboring man fromWorpleadon oalltd upon a t, ehemlsl In (JnlliU'ord, and gravely iiifonneil him tha r hit wll'o had been hcwtlohod two years ago, end tha alio had remained in that ataWevorilnoe, inuoli to th r grief of hor husband and family, and (lie annoyanos aa of her uelgliboi'a, J! o said (lint h« had been inform that If lie got a quarter of « pound of liioroiiry, an mixed it It ii|i with (ho yolk of two egg«, and gave a Ida dose to his wife night and morning, In wal«r " ov -whieh t he living mid the dead had baen onrrled," t would of aoon mover. Of eourae tho ohomlst tried to 3 ridieulo lilin out of hit silly notion, but the foolish man wont away aa fully persuaded as bafore that h wlfu wns bewitched, mid avowing his intent ion of g ting - tho moroitry and tho water before he qult.tod Guildford, According to a publla doaninent just printed, It a pears > (hat in Juno and <1uly last, your,'lti,QU8 vchiolw n jiassed over London-bridge, In IBDUthe number wu only la,OIK), the There areSHOO streets in London, measuring 000 milei. If plaoed in a atraiglit lino tliey would extend for more than t wice (ho dislaneu from Calais to Co stantinople, and walking (on miles « day. it would ta a person more than a yuar to traverse tliein, whllu (lie y Interim a now oily, with (Vutu 00,000 to 70,000 inhabitants n would hava aprung up. On September 22 n fearful alllilr ooourred at, We llromwloli, in Kiiglaud, It teems that one Hei\|amii llolden, a blaekamllh, requested his wife to prooeod p, bsmw bis father'a house to fetch some potatoes, Tito wom s observing (hat, lie looked rather wild, eald alio wish flrst, (o take hoi- two children— oho amid four yearn, and folal wore alarumd by hearing the iiliihlron screaming, an other eighteen months—villi Tier, but lie oltjactod, .Shortly iifler aim quitted (he hniiie, the neighbors 00 on an eiitrnnue being eilVeled the eliildrcn worodiseoveivd with their heads nearly severed from their bodies, and dead, The murderer had lived on alVn tlonntc terms with hit wife and children, nml was r v'a luarkhbly sober, Tho only possible oauso which ran e) be assigned for thedreadftil act is that he was aelae with n sudden paroxysm of madness, The police were called in, and tlm unfortunate man, who eonduet cd himself uuiet.lv, mid oU'ered iio violence or r sistance, was given into their custody. The fearful d deed was iicrpcl.ratvd with a mrviiig-kiiife, whieh wa picked up in the room covered with liloud. At the Jlroughtou-Gillbrd (Wilts) Annual Itorllmiltuval . ICxhibiiion, by tho aide of a braoa of oumim her*, two feet in length, were a braoe of babies, tw children of ilamcs Ooole, constable of the village, an next to that it spray of nine bcatitiftil apples, clustered (ngcthar like a biineli of grapes, also (ha irniporty of the »aid James Coole. A ilrsl, prise of 30s o waa awarded the ououinbers, n jirlae of 10s. for the twin habit<a, and a first,priae to die apples. We hea that e there is to bo ii speeial class next, year for thu sei of twins, one variety, ft-omparent stalk, to be d s cided by weight. Among die oddities of the day is llio establishmen -of ii ghost «hib—tint, as might be supposed, a ehib for t the assemblage of genial apirltsi but, an institutio for i«- the oiwntised research into (he possibility of a of Iravoller returning from those bournes to whieh we look forward with interest, Tho elub is In downrig eavuesti at may be gathered from the faut (hat (lie committee advertise fore " haunted houee," one who reputation is well authenticated, Aa the special ohroulaler* of (ha world of fashion* > and bound to record all eventa dial occur in high li we must refer to a tiustom whieh haa lately been in (rodueed ai into this country, and which, we venture predict, will ere long become very prevalent—wo d allude (« die smoking of cigarettes by ladies, We y could mention the names of many of Kngland'a aris er'a tocrat to daughters, who opouly indulge in mild La(tikia. dt A clever contemporary has ulluded (o of "fast matrons," let us hope that unmarried ladies w to be olow (o follow the example of (hose who would troduce the noxious weed into female eoelcty,—CVn» lom'mil, ing e The <?/iiftr'« Paris correspondent slates that a new blue om baa been produced less costly than indigo, whie may atlbct a largo ohms of interests iu India, The liimiMham })<iily Pent aayt (he peop Staflbrd )> ara at last making an effort to erect a mem rial of some sort, to their old townsman and beneiaator, Itaak Walton. A sta(Ue is tpoken of, e A letter from J'ameslown, St, lfelena, of (he JtOth f July, mentions that, for a mouth previously the islan had Thum» been devastated by storms and rain, but (hat during (bat period the epidemic whieh bad previousl ls, prevailed disappeared. On (he Oth July a part, of tho immense rooks which Overhang (ho town, no dou undermined by t he action of (he water which had tered g through the around, fell, crushing a number , houses, almost all the occupants of whioh perished o rooeived iitluriea, A onrioua smoking relio was lately exhibited bv M to Uaskeomb to (he Dritlah Arehamloglcal Atsociation— bad namely, an ehwtnt German (olmcco-nine of the elose of e the reign of Leopold 1„ whieh doubtlessly belonge t lo the Kmperor, or waa a present, fromhim to tom great, iwraon. The surface,of (he wooden tliell is initruslou wilh nearl-shell, moaaie, and braaa piquework it mounted with broad silver ferrules, and hat a oonic eover ed of ailver, representing the briek or atone spire a building, terminating in a aionde, on which reals the Imperial eagle, ensigned by a crown, and bearing the anna of Austria on it* breast, Mr. llaakeomo -notes (hat. he found this envious relic near the ruius n the old oastlo of Pekan, a few utiles fromGrati, in \- Ijowor 6(yria. es llier A wither ouviout hmident it aaid by <T<if(ai>am' to ca have occurred at Potidam at (he time of (lie visit lately made io that place by the members of (ho St t (Istioal Congress, Among thoperaons who Were walk out ing in tho gardent of the Palace of Sans-Soitoi wat a Prasaian officer, who eiileisMl into eoimrtation with an Knglith aavant. The Utter, after a time, oould not avoid expressing hit tiir|srite at finding a Prussian flie offlcer speak Uuglitn to well. Hie olllcer wplied tha tbera wat nothing attonisbing in the (feet, at liia wi and - bit mother-in-law were both Knglith, " Might vant ui-e to inquira the name of your mother-in-law ? arid tho ICnglish aaVant, "Oueen Victoria," replied r the ofli^r, who wat no other tiian the JJeltioo Royal Tlm Maori wat* and thatranap'oHafton quettion a e, the two colonial aublcott that now abtorb almoat ox elusive attention. Kobody seems to doubt how the ly war will end, but owybooy lament* that it had ove i Ixgun. Tlio aituation hat evidently been perplexed n by oireumttaneei arising out of what wo may ventu to call tho double Government of the colonies. The war itsalf, aangninary aa il ia, aud likelv to be produetiva of tho most toriout oontequenoet to the frit g interest* of Kew Zealand, is. after all, of com)»rat»vel i minor tmportai^ Tho nltimato oontideraliona to whieh it inevitably laadt, aa attteting the relation* o -the doparideneiea of tba tnotiier oovmtry, ara fir grave than any immediate retuUt flowingfrom tho war. There must ba much forbearawec and calm judgme n wwfdwtl on both aide* \ and aa (hare it a mutual -ataVc \u»n (In ittu^ it may be toatontblvhojicd tha the finalsettlement may bo mutually taUsfaotory. A new |w>uny weekl,v \^riodical bearing tho title "The Dreameru* 1 and dovoted to a record of notab dreamt, aud a niacuttion of the pltilosopliy ofdroam ing, to aomnambtilism. Sa,, haajust been eommaneod by a bondon publisher. Another oddity It tho history of the haunted mantiont ofttngland. On the 3dud of Augutt, tho travelling oircut of Maee, the pugilitt, wu ^reveuted fromoarrying ou ta at Leamington, the announcement made in tlic nub ve * ' ' * leBlonaiiu" » fiftyfeet ē high. ^Dhit it ainongtt the firttrctultaofthe Quoen^ lottcr rea^ooting tho (booking affair at Alton Park. 