M. CHAILLU AND THE GORILLA. Mr. Winwood Reade and the famous Indian hunter known as " The Old She Barry," who went out to the Gaboon about a year ago, arrived in the colony in early spring, and went over the ground described in M. du Chaillu's book. The Athenaeum publishes the following letter from Mr. Reade :? " London, Sept. 7. " Having spent five active months in the Gorilla country, I am in a position to state that M. du Chaillu has shut neither leopards, buffaloes, nor gorillas that the gorilla does not beat his breast like a claim; that the kiilu-kmnba does not utter the cry of ' Gooloo,' or anything like it; that the young gorilla in captivity is not savage and that while M. du Chaillu affects to have been a poor fever stricken wretch, at Camilla (June 4, 1859), he was really residing in robust health at the Gaboon. " Mongilomba, who is not a native limiter at all, and who was in my service three ? months as steward and natural history assistant, duped Mr. R. B. Walker in asserting that M. du Chaillu had killed two gorillas ; nor did he over accompany that gentleman except in the above capacity. " From the Balcngi of the Muni, from the She and and Fans of the Gaboon, from the Commis linked, c, of the Fenland Vaz, upon the banks of which rivers I have hunted (always unsuccessfully) gorillas, examining those only who wore hunters, and '? reserving alone such evidence as was corroborative, I have gleaned the following facts respecting this age of contention The gorilla dwells only in the densest parts of the forests; he feeds exclusively on vegetable matter, and one kind of grass is a sure indication of his proximity at noon and eve ho approaches the village plantations for the sake of the plantains, occasionally uttering a wild kind of cry, but which in ago (as imitated by Etta) becomes a quick sharp bark. By day he moves along the ground on all fours (as having crawled for hours on their tracks, I can testify), sometimes ascending the trees. By night he chooses a huge lies to sleep in. He is exceedingly wary and keen of scout. When the female is pregnant, he builds a nest (as do also the kuli ambit and the chimpanzee), where she is delivered, and which is then abandoned. These nests, several of which I have seen, are simply made layers of dry sticks, and of small branches evidently torn off the live tree by the hand. With regard to his ferocity, as a rule, when missed or wounded he will charge. His charge, from which the natives often escape, being themselves nimble as apes, is made on all fours. Etia, whose left hand has been severely crippled, informed me that the gorilla seized his wrist with his hind foot, and dragged his hand into his mouth as he would have done a bunch of plaintains. Two things are at least certain that the gorilla is less feared than the leopard; and the story of a man killed by a gorilla at Carmila is a complete fabrication. Traditional accounts of such an incident exist, but nothing of the kind has happened within the memory of man. The tale of the gorilla assuming a boxing attitude, and beating his breast like a drum, originated from Such graze, and was unanimously refuted by all hunters, from the Muni on the north to the -maud Vaz on the south. Thus, in an obscure African village, an old savage could tell a lie which has blazed through Europe. " The Aping country, which is the Ultima Thule of M. du Chaillu's explorations, is distant from Gumbi (Nguinbi) four foot-days' journey, in a southerly direction. In tracing the course of the Bombs, however, he adopted a longer route His description of the Fans (Bafnnh), whom he visited in company with Mr. Mackey, of Coriseo, is very good. In ascending the Gaboon to its rapids in the bosom of the Sierra del Crystal, I advanced some distance into their country, and found them gentle, hospitable, but cannibals undoubtedly, as one of them confessed to me. Even the account of their ghost-like propensities is in one case supported by evidence which I find it impossible to disbelieve. "This book, so strange a melange of truth and fiction, was prepared by a gentleman well known in the New York literary world, from copious notes made by M. du Chaillu when engaged in those expeditions. And I must do the latter the justice to confess that from the same sources which afforded me proofs of his impostures, I learn that he is a good marksman ; possessed of no common courage and endurance; that he has suffered many privations and misfortunes of which he has said nothing; that his character as a trader has been unjustly blemished: that his label's as a naturalist have been very remarkable and that during his residence in Africa he won the affections of the natives and the esteem of those who most need to be es- teemed the wistiiunaiies, And a fellow laborer, though an humble one, may be permitted to regret that, actuated by a foolish vanity or by ill advice, he should have attempted to add artificial flowers to a wreath of laurels which he had fairly and hardly earned. WW. Winwood Reade." 