IF.A. JR, Xj I .A. "MI *B 3ST T. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. FniDAY, July 31. . The SPEAKER took the chair nt twonty minutes pnst tbroo o'clock. BONUS TO GROWERS OE COTTON. Mr. BELL asked tho Colonial Secretary? " Whether tbo government was aware that, from past unfavorable seasons, and for other reasons, it was ndvisnhlo that tho present bonus of £10 a halo to growers of cotton should bo continued beyond its original term; and whother it was tho intention of the government to tako the necessary steps for its extension ?" Tho COLONIAL SECRETARY, in reply, stated that it was the intention of tho govern- ment, for tho reasons mentioned hythe bonor nblo member, to bring forward resolutions nt nn oarly dato providing for tho extension of the bonus. WHARF AT ROCKHAMPTON. Mr. DOUGLAS asked tho Colonial Secre- tary?" Whether ho had requested tho Minis- ter for Lands and Works to clolny for tho pro sent tho issue of a loaso to tho Australasian Steam Navigation Company, of a portion of land.fronting tbo rivor nt Rockhampton?" The COLONIAL SECRETARY, in rep'y, stated that ho had requested tba hon. tho Minister forLands to delay the issue of tho lease until they might confer together upon the subject; hut tho leaso as prepared would issuo immediately. COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS AND QUA- LIFICATIONS. At the request of tbo hon. tho SPEAKER tho following hon. members of the Committee of Elections and Qualifications wero sworn in :?Mossrs Coxon, Royds, Lilley, Macken- zie, and Challinor. SUPPLY. On tho motion of tho COLONIAL TREA- SURER, tho house went into Committeo of Supply. Tho CHAIRMAN of COMMITTEES snid that ns it was tho first timo it had become his duty to tnko the chair, ho felt bound to thank lion, members for tho confidenco they had phiced in him ; mid ho did hopo that willi tho valuablo assistanco lie might dorivo from a study of tho practice of tho Imperial Parlia- ment, nnd that rendered to him by his hon. friend tho Sponker, ho would bo enabled to perform tho duties of his ofli'co in a manner that would givo satisfaction to himsolf and to tho house. Ho would, howovor, crave tho indulgence of hon. members for nny errors which it wns possiblu bo mighi mako during his first occupation of thc chair. Tho COLO MAL TREASURER moved that thc sum of £700 bo voted for tba salaries and contingencies of tho department of his Excellency tho Governor. Ho might state that tbo motion was morely a formal ono. The motion was put mid passed?tho houso then resumed?tho OHAIKMAN reported progress, and obtained leavo to sit again on Tuesday next. Ou the motion of tho COLONIAL TREA- SURER, tho roport was ordered to he 're- ceived on Tuesday next. MILITARY LANDS BILL. Thc COLONIAL SECRETARY movod that tho abovo bill bo road a second timo. As far us tho colony wns concerned it was of a merely formal nature, mid had been in- troduced ia consequence of tho receipt by his Excellency tho Govornor of ft communication from tho homo govornmont. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL seconded tho motion, which was put mid passed. Tho hill was then road a second timu, tho second reading hoing mado an order of tho day for Thursday next. DISEASES IN SHEEP PREVENTION BILL. On tho motion of tho COLONIAL TREA- SURER, tho houso resolved itsolf into a com- mittee of tho whole for tbo consideration in detail of tho abovo bill. On tho motion of tho COLONIAL TREA- SURER, clause 1, as printed, was passed as clauso 1 of tho bili. Tho COLONIAL TREASURER said, bo- foro moving clauso 2, ho would state to tho houso that lio wished to introduce a now ciauso, which would have thc effect of em- powering the govornmont to prohibit tho lauding of any sheep which might nrrive from other colonies where it was known that scab existed. [Tho hon. gentleman pro- ceeded to rend thc clause,] It had been re- ported that certain infected sheep had been shipped from New South Wales to Rockhampton, and, although other parts of the bill gavo thc government tho neces- sary power, still ho thought that wore a clause to bo inserted into tho bill it would have tho effect of directing attention to thu inntter. Tbo class of sheep to which he re- ferred wore kept on board tho steamers to provido rations for tho passengers, mid for tho purposo of facilitating the getting on hoard of such sheep ns had to bo convoyed from ono port to nnothor; and it was likely that those sheep would he landed on their arrival in port for tho purposo of grazing. Thoro could ho no rensonablo doubt but that thoso sheep wero diseased?they carno from Sydnoy, whore tho disenso .was raging, and it was hardly to bo ho'ievcd that thoy could bnvo escaped tho contagion: It was con- sidered . therefore desirable that soma moans should be devised, if possible, of preventing tho spread of tho disenso in tho colony without inconveniencing those gentlemen who wero introducing to the colony sheep of a superior quality, and which woro perfectly sound. It was also necessary to prevont tho skins of sheep which might havo been s'angb tered on the road from being landed, seeing that tho disease had boen known to have been spread by these skins. Tho clauso was intro- duced with that object in viow, mid ho should movo that it stand part of tho bill. Mr. DOUGLAS wished to know in what manner it was intended to deal with im- ported sheop ? The COLONIAL TREASURER said that tho circumstances of tho case rendered it necessary that tho government should have ample power in tho matter, seeing that if much care was taken to prevent disoasod sheep coming from tho Southern border, a largo amount of caro was ncccssnry to pre- vont them coming by coasters. In answer to n question from Mr. BELL, Tbo COLONIAL TREASURER said that tho object of thc clause was to givo thc go- vernment power to prevent tbo landing in tho colony of diseased sheep. Mr. DOUGLAS wished to know*"if any sheep could bc landed without tbe special permission of tho government? Tho COLONIAL SECRETARY said a proclamation might bo issued preventing some shoop from landing, and giving tho ne- cessary permission to others. Tho clause was then put and passed. Clauses 2, ll, and 4 woro passed. On clauso 5 being read, Mr. GROOM moved as an amendment, tbo words "and that no portion of tho compensation so provided to bc paid, shall bc cbargod upon tho general rcvonuc of Hie colony." After somo observations from tho COLO- NIAL .SECRETARY and Dr. CHALLINOR, thc amendment was agreed to, and the clauso as amended was put and passed. Clauso G was put and passed. Clause 7, refoniiig to the creation of a fund for carrying the act into cfiect, was vorbully amended and agreed to. Mr. SANDEMAN thought that it was ne- cessary to provide for the appropriation of any fund that might bo raised under the act, aud that might not bo required for the pur- poses of tho net ; and with this object ho proposed a new clause, to follow clause 7, in cil'ect as follows:? " After deducting the expenses necessary for carrying out tho provisions of this act all , moneys levied under tho net shall be placed to tho credit of a separate account on which j bank interest shall bo permitted to accrue : until it bo deemed ndvisablo to return tbo ] money or nny portion of it to those persons ; who shall havo originally contributed to tho ¦ ' Mr. MACKENZIE remarked that thero , was a largo fund collected in Now South j Wales belong'*1'? t0 tl'e s colony, which had novor boen returned to thom, and wns now lying in tho Treasury. Tho fund wns used to compensate for tho destruction of sheep- in Now South Wales. Tho same thing would occur boro, whenever tho separation of tho North took place Mr. SANDEMAN understood that a por- tion of tho fund referred to wns oxponded for tho eradication of ploitro-pneumonia in cattle Mi'. PUGH said that ho saw on tho esti- mates for 1SC4 that £-100 was put down for tho Chief Inspector of Scab, and £2000 for Scab Inspectors Would that como out of tho fund to bo raised undor this bill ? (" Hoar, hear," from ministers.) After a few remarks from Dr. CHAL LINOR, Tho COLONIAL.TREASURER said that thero did not appear any special provision in tho hill to levy for assessment in caso of default; and hooxplninod to thu houso Hint tho govornmont would havo that powor under tho old Scab Act. The clauso was then put and adopted. Mr. SANDEMAN thou proposed to adopt tho 9th clause of tho old Scab Act, and to in sort it in tho bill boforo tho committee, with an alteration to the effect that sheep should hci destroyed " immediately " after notice was given that thoy were affected with scab in- stead of " within two months.'' Tho COLONIAL TREASURER stated that tho govornmont lind had that clauso under consideration, and their viows upon it wore, that although "two months" wns tho timo givon, they would construe thoso wolds to menu '¦ as soon as possiblo." (Hoar, hoar.) It must bc considered that if tbodisoaso came into tho colony nt all, it would ho a difficult matter to slaughter all the sheep infected. If it unfortunately spread ovor tho colony, as it had in New South Walos, ho dill not know that it would bo advisablo to slaughter tho whole of thom. By tho timo that tho present measure was in oporation, it would bo soon enough to consider who thor, extromo mea- sures should bo-resorted to; but it would never do to mako tho law so arbitrary without consideration. In Now Sooth Wales; tho number of diseased shoop was botweon three mid four hundred thousand, and it would bo a vory serious thing to destroy thuin. Ho thought that tho government would havo power to prevent thc introduction of dionscd sheop into this colony if tbo bill hucamo law. Clauso 8, providing that tho act should ho construed and interpreted with tho Scab Act of 18G0, excopt in respect of tho clausos re- pealed by this act, was passed. . On tho motion of tho COLONIAL TREA- SURER, anothor clause was addod, specifying tho short titlo of this not ns " tho Scab Act of 1863." Tho .preamble was pnssod. Thc houso then resiimod, nnd tho CHAIR- MAN ropoi ted tho bill with nniondmoiits. Tho report wns adopted, and tho third read- ing of tho bill was mado an order of tho day for Tuesday noxt. ORDERS IN EQUITY. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL laid on tho table General Orders in Equity as prepared by their honors tho Judges, ROADS AND BRIDGES. Mr. DOUGLAS said, in rising to movo tho resolutions standing in his namo, lio folt that it might appear presumptuous that n private member of tho Assembly should, ou indepen- dent grounds, placo a resolution of such im- portance on tho table of tbo houso. But ho believed that tho circumstances of tho case justified bim iu doing so. Thc house lind lately placed boforo thom estimates involving tho expenditure of ii vory largo sum of monoy for thu construction of railways nnd other public works. Ho was not now going to cn tor into tho question ns to tho data on which thoy woro mado;?whethorthey wore reliable or not, or whether justifiable or not. ("Hoar, hear," from Mr. Herbart.) But this ho did say, that thoro wore paramount claims upon tho houso to attend to tho greatest necessities of tho country, namoly?common roads. Ho did not speak of macadamised rends, but tho hush roads and the original tracks through tho wilderness. (Hoar, hoar.) The discussion of tho subject would do good, though ho wns not prepared now to say that ho would not press tho resolutions to a division. Ile wished it to bo understood that his motion was quito unconnected with party. (Hoar, bear.) He was not going to institute a com- parison between roads and railroads. But if wo had railroads?and bo hoped they would not como to that this .session? provision would still havo to bo made during tho noxt fivo or six yours , for tho common ronds. Evon if railroads woro commenced to- morrow, ho saw hy Mr. Fitzgibbon's report that wo should not bo aldo to avail of tho railway to Dalby till 1SGG. In tho iiionntimo, provision most bo mado for tho ordinnry roads. It wns lils (Mr. Douglas's) opinion that between this and lbs time of thu opening of tho rail- way it would bo necessary to spend nt least £150,000oii tho Drayton road. Tho samo neces- sity for expenditure existed on nil tho main ninds of tho colony, particularly int ho nnrthorn districts. It wns impossible to get carriago; ho lind known gontlemon offer £2 por cwt. for lading to bc taken tn their out-stations, and then thoy lind not boon able to obtain car- riago. Thora was no moro pressing want than tho opening up nf tl io internal communi- cations of tho country. Tho prosont system lind failed, and spite of tho glorious visions that railways oxcitod, the common roads must bo attended to undor some othor system. There wns nn utter failure of tho system of annual votes by the bouse. Ho was hitherto under tho impression Hint tho gentleman who presided over tho Lands and Works department wns responsible for that sys- tem?that he had a genoral knowledgo of tho wants of Ibo country, mid that lie wns bound ns ono of the advisors of tbo Governor te afford such information ns should ensure substantial justico hoing dono to all tho districts alike. Ho now stated bis belief that in tho estimates thc requirements of tho country wore very inadequately, dis- played. Tho hon. member (Mr. Macalister) had said that bo was prepared to act upon tho suggestions or recommendations thut he might receive from Ibo houso. with a view to net justly by all ; even so, the vitality of thc present system wns gone And there surely could bo no objection to the adoption of a nuw system, if it should appear that the new sys- tem proposed to do something more satisfac- tory than the old one After referring to the difficulties under which the ministry must labor in making adequate provision for tho roads, from tho recommenda- tions of their engineers on this ono hnnd, tho scarcity of funds on tho other, and tho demands of privato members nnd their constituents,?bo said that thc resolutions bc proposed would provido a remedy for tho de- fects nf tho present haphazard system. Ho did not think that thc money already ex- pended on the roads was thrown away; nor would tho further expenditure which bc pro- posed. The internal communication of thu country must bo provided for and kept open ; and bc thought it would be wiso to provido for it by a loan. A public dobt for such a purpose was perfectly justifiable Thc colony was increasing in wealth and importance everyday; its credit stood higher than that of any other colony, and there would bo no difficulty in raising a loan for tho amount proposcu. It might bo considered that lie proposed a Inigo amount to bo oxponded, though thu expenditure would oxtend over threo years. But he contended tlmt it was better to mention tho amount, ns it gave fixity to tho system, and would enable the board to know oxactly bow far they could go, and the country what wns to bc expected, lie would make a brief statement ol' tlie linos nf road Unit bo thought most urgently required at- tention, being tho main linos of tho colony: Tho road from Ipswich to Surat, which wus, bo thought, tho main road of thc colony, wa3 j 323 miles in extent. From Ipswich to War- wick, 87 miles; from Ipswich to Gayndah, j IDS miles; from Maryborough to Gayndnh, ; 'M miles; from Rockhampton to Taroom, 251 (miles; from Glndstono to Camboon, 120 ; milos; from Rockhninptnn to Peak Don ns, ' 210miles; Broadsound and Ken neely District, I n number of lines, about 301) mile3. There was ; a total of 1579 miles of road. Now, iftbocxpoii j dituro of £500,000 was distributed over 1G00 I miles of road, and expended during a period of ? three yonrs.it would bo found after all not such a groat amount ns might sonni nt first sight. Tho amount fur roads nntho estimates for tho present year was £10.-l(i;l. In addition to that, tho hon. member for Wost Moreton had obtained nn additional £13,500 ; making in nil £23,903. This wns for tho Southern districts. For tho Northern districts lio found tho Amount was £20'0. For 18(51, tho amount set down was £35,503 for tho Southern districts; whilo''for-tho Northern' districts the amount was £11,150?.showing a total of ,£49,653. Ho admitted that a your or two ago such an amount ns £50,000 would have appeared very largo; but now it was ab- solutely requisite, but by no mcaii3 adequate Therefore he thought there was nothing un- reasonable ' i.n his proposing that tho monoy should ho raised on thc security of tho con- solidated rovenuo. With reference to tho hoard which wns to have thc control of thc oxponditi'iro, ho thought that with tho Secre- tary of Lands and Works nt tho head, and two members of this house nnd two mombors of tho Council, who would bo responsible ("No, no," from Mr. Horbort), it would bo tho host constituted for Ibo purposo in'view. ("No, no.") Woll, bo wns not pledged to that. Ho thought that it would bo as effectual as tho National Education Board. After somo further observations of a general nature, tho bon. member moved tho following resolutions:?"That this houso will, on Tuesday noxt, resolve itself into a committeo of tho wholo to consider of tho following re- solutions:?(1.) That towards providing for tho repair and maintenance of theinnin ronils, mid for thc construction of bridges in various parts of tho colony, a sum not exceeding £500,000 bo charged to tho conso'idnted ro venue of tho colony ; and that his Excellency's government ho authorised and ompowored to rniso tbe said som ns required by debentures, terminable at periods not exceeding ten years from dato of issue; mid that such debentures shall ho charged upon nnd payable out nf tho consolidated revenue of thc colony. (2.) That tho expen- diture of the said sum .bo vested in a bonni, consisting of tbo Secretary for Lands and Works, and of four others?two to lio nomi- nated hy tho Legislative Council, and two by tho Logislutivo Assembly. (3) That tho expenditure of tho wholo sum so raised shnll extend over a period of throo yoars, ami dur- ing tho currency of tho first year shnll not oxcood£l50,000. (1.) That a soloct commit too, olected by ballot, bo appointed to bring in a hill embodying tho foregoing resolutions." Mr. MAOlvEN/lig seconded tho motion. Tho SECRETARY tor LANDS nnd WORKS said tho bon. niambar for Pnrt Curtis had designated tho", prosont system a haphazard ono (hoar, hoar); and ho thought bo could.nnt bo far out in designating tho pro- position which lind just boon set before tho houso us ono of that character. Without giving thu slightest data for his procoodings, or any ostimnto of tho oxpouso of making im- provements iu tho Northern or Southern dis- tricts, ho cunio beforo tho houso and denounced railways, whilo ho modestly asked for £500,000 fnr somo roads which ho named. Ho thought this should iudtico tho house tn pause boforo thoy acquiesced in such a motion. Tho hon. mombm' wns wrong whon ho conceived that in framing tho estimates for tho current year tho governemnt did un injustice to tho constituents bo represented. Ho did notstnto that in words, bot ho (Mr.Macalister) gathered inforoiilially that that was his moaning. Tho amount put down for tho Northern districts, £11,000, wns bused on estimates of tbo En- gineer nf tho Northorn Districts. Ho could assure tho hon. moiiibor thai-, full justice had boon dono to thoso districts. Ho did not find fault with tho hon. member fur introducing his resolutions to tho house. However, bo clnimod for thc government that thoy had mado an introduction for tho permnnont im- provement of thc internal communication nf tho colony?thoy asked to bo allowed to miiko a railway, and they placed ii largor amount ou tho ostimntcs for thu othor roads of tho colony flinn wns ovor voted beforo. But tho rands of tho colony might he patched up, but they nuvur would ho pormnnont unless they woro macada- mised. Tho hon. member said itwould'bo some years yot before tho railway got to Too- woomba ; so would it. ho somo years boforo tho.northorn district got that advantage .Be- fore bringing his resolutions before tho houso, tho huh. member should havo neted modestly mid asked for a committeo to .tako ovidenco inion tho very subject of his resolutions. His first objection tn tho resolutions of tho hon. mombor was that ho- gnvo tho honso no data, no estimates, nor any authority iu the shape of nn opinion from nny qualified en- gineer, sotting forth what was really re- quired (Hear, hoar.) To mcot all tho require- ments sat forth in tba hon. mombors first resolution, ho had, at tho suggestion nf tho houso on tho previous day, placed a notico on the paper for a solcct committeo to- in- quire into tho matter at issuu; nnd ho as- sured thc houso that the nninos he hud placed on that cinnmittco were those of hou. gentle- men hnving a most oxlensivo knowlodgo of tho wants of tho cnlony.ns regarded roads; and that Hmso connected with tho districts through which tho proposed roads wero to run should have a voico in tho matter, thoso wore his only objects. Tho house being aware of tho facts, he could not help stating bis belief that, until ovidenco lind been talton beforo that committee and tho houso informed nf tho results of Hs labors, tho resolutions of tho hon, mombor for Port Curtis woro premature (Hoar.) As to tho question of debentures, also embodied in tho resolutions, lin would leavo that tn bis hon. colleague thu Colonial Treasurer. Thc second resolution hud reference to ii board to bo elected to manage tho outlay ol' thu funds, tho head of tho department hoing jointly respon- sible with others. He objected decidedly lo that, fur if Hie minister wero to bu responsible lie could undortnkc it for himself, and, if it required four others to help him to share tho responsibility, ho could soo thut that would bc, in effect, thc setting up of an- other ministry. (Hoar, hour.) Ho could not see how that resolution could bc entertained hy tho houso at all. Tho hon. member had lint Hinted any reason why sn largo a sum?£500,000?should bo raised for tin- purpose He (Mr. Douglas) had said tho works would he reproductive; hut ho (Mr. Macalister) begged tn say that it had not been shown. As he took it, reproductive works incant thoso which mado return of a portion of tho expended monoy to tho Trea- sury; nud tho linn, member hud failed to show that such return would over be made. (Hear.) It was the duly of the houso lo provido for tho roads of tho colony?nnd something lind already boen dono?but with tho sum proposed by tho hon. gentleman, tho member for Port Curtis, nothing moro could bo dono than tho government woro doing in tho matter. For tho reasons bo lind enumerated ho would opposo the resolutions. Mr.MACKENZIEdid not expect thoro would have been any discussion upon tho resolutions, mid for himself ho was sorry to tnko the timu of the house up on tho subject; but when ho looked nt tho resolutions and tho action of tho government as then taken, and compared their conduct with that which they displayed in the last parliament, when ho moved for u committee to enquire into tin question of the roads of the colony, bo wondered what they meant. Ile recollected that they opposed his motion thou, and overthrew it, and now they brought in ono exactly similar. If they had allowed tho matter to be gone into then, tho question would have been determined long ago. (Hear, bear.) Ho would like to know why tho government opposed the resolutions then before tho house Tho hon. the Secretary for Lands and Works complained of want ol' data; but hu would ask whore were tho data tho government hud brought forward in sup- port of their Railway Bill? (Hear, hear, and laughter.) And if they bad brought thuin forward, what use were they? (Hoar, and laui'liter.) His hon. friend the member for Port Curtis brought forward his resolutions for the benefit of the country, asked for a committee, and did not ask the house to bind itsulf to anything beyond thu appointment of lliut committee The hon. .Secretary for XiKnds and Works had said?and here hu must refer to nuwspnpor reports?that committees woro useless; but be would ask tho hon. gentleman nt the hoad of thu government to think of. the) ninny rulos laid down to guille committees in tho Houso of Commons, and of tho great usefulness of tho committes, before mi)' such assertion was allowed to go free. Ho would support tho resolutions. Tho COLONIAL SECRETARY wns sorry tobe understood to say, yesterday, anything derogatory' of tho resolutions eil' tho hon. member for Port Curtis; bo did say that it was necessary to havo some woll defined and comprehensive system of management of tim internal communication of thu colony, and that it was necessary to doeido on n system onco foi-all; ho said so again (hear); but as ono of his Excellency's responsible advisers, he could not support tho hon. member's reso- lutions. In tho first plhco, to raiso a tempo- rary loan nf £500,000 would bo useless, ns in ii few months not ono-third nf tho real amount would ho available; tho whole affair was a mistake, in two or three years nt most thc roads would ho in ns bad a state ns thoy woro in now, and at least three out of tho fivo hundrod thousand would bo thrown away undor tho mnnagomeiit sought tn be introduced. Hu objected to de- bentures of ton years, and that tho money raised should hu vested in any board so con- stituted ns proposed; it would bo contnry to constitutional principles, mid hosides, all such boards woro wasteful and extravagant? ovory ono know that. ("Oh; namo one") Ho would instance tho Marine Board. If a responsible minister wero tn assent to a mo- tion to surroiideir his responsibility to hon. mem hers of tho houso that thoy might oleot bim to tho bend of thu proposed boord by bal- lot, it would be imprudent, mid quite nut of tho question to do so, or to act as suggested by tbo bon. mombor fur Fortitude Valloy, anil bo ut tho beck and nod nf tho bouse, Ho might say that every point raised would bo opposed hy tho, government. Mr BELL thought tho thanks nf tho houso and of tho country wero due to tho linn, mom- bor for Port Curtis, Mr. Douglas,' for having brought tho resolutions forward.' Tho only way'to settlo tho great question of internal communication was tn havo Ibo matter fairly and fully disoiissoel. He (Mr. Boll) dissented from snmo nf tho details, howovor, mid from ono ol tho features of tho resolutions. Ho objected to tho appointment of a bonni; he had always agreed with tho govornmont that a comniittuo was best, nnd had repeatedly said sn. Ho would I hereford vote against tho resolutions, although he felt tho utility of tho subject and desirability of appointing n com- mittee Dr. OIIALLINOR wns'of opinion Hint if a board wero oloctcd tlie present evils would not coaso to oxist, for tho board would bo elected by ballot of tho house, mid conse- quently by a majority, and so long ns n ministry and their friends woro thu majority tho partios holding tho views of tho ministry would bu. ap- pointed. (Hoar, hoar.) He could seo there- fore that tbo course proposed wns not tho ona to remove the ennsu nf complaint; besides it would put thu govornmont in n position which thoy would not accept. (Hoar.) Ho wns sui prised that any debate bad ensued on thu matter, ns it was avowedly a party qnos tion?(boar, bear)?and us tho government had expressed their intention nf coming down tn tho houso with a motion for n cnmmiltuo, be thought tho resolutions should ho with- draw. (Hoar;) Mr. LILLEY wns astonished that nil tho small followers pf. ibo government woro so much inclinod to speak of " party" questions. (Hear ) It was surprising, hut at tho same timo unnoccs.snry, and hq would toll hon. mem- bers that, sn far from being n party question, whon tho hon. mombor for Port Curtis showed him (Mr. Lilley) tho resolutions previous to bringing thom into tho houso ho dissented from portions of thom; and ho would go further, and say that the lion, gontlemnii, referred to lind brought tho reso- lutions iu on bis own account entirely. (Hoar, boar.) Thoro was therefore no necos. sitv to raiso n ghost iii tho shape of "party Hiiciition" in re fe re n co to thc resolutions., Ho did not expect tho houso nltogethor with'tho resolutions ; hut if it wero desired they might he left to a committeo of members of both sides of, tho.houso to bo appointed tn consider thom. Ho did not think' lie'asked too 'much, for ho would ho'sorry to press tho government into a wrong position, hut ho would Ii leo thom to accept Ibu suggestion ho lind odored. A littlo looking niter did tho government a great deal. Of .good, and lcopt thom from stopping over the traces. (Laughter). Hu clid not. quarrel willi the goutlomcn whoso names wero pro- posed on tho committee, for they woro nil intimately acquainted with thu interior and its requirements, much bettor than ho, uh bo was a great slny-ut-homo, and ho had no doubt whatever hut that thoy would clo justico to tho subject when brought bufnro thom. There wore some linn, members on tho speaker's side.of tho houso ns well us somo from tho other, mid il'the hon. tho Mini- ster for Lands and Works desired to put thom ou, lhere could ha no objection ; ns for him- self his solo dosiro wns i'or tho country's mi- va ula go ; ho desired to seo the munns nf in- ternal communication of a proper description established ns soon ns possible, (Hear.) ¦ Mr. PUGH was of opinion that Hie object nf tho debate-was, Hint Hie question of tho internal communication of tho colony should ho satisfactorily based, and tho necessity for some spoocly action' wns mado uppnrent, for tho houso was told by tho hon, member (Mr.G ronni) that if thu 'stato nf tho road tn Toowoomba wns not improved it would becoino impassable Tho hon. the. Minister for LandH und Works: had brought forward a motion for a cniiimitteo on tho subject, and ho (Mr. Pugh) took il (hat something would hu done Ho wns glad also to know that the question would be dealt with general y. Tho hon. mombor nt tho bead nf tba govornmont lind said as much tho provioiiB day. As for himself, ho denied that ho wont into thc mutter in a party spirit, and lie disapproved of tim second resolution en- tirely. He thought tho whole question might bo left to a committee, and he bad nodoubt hut some such system ns obtained in Victoria and the otbur colonies? snell iib district road trusts and thu like?won Iel bo ca efudy considered hy thu committee, and recommended, if found desirable (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for Fortitude Valley bad anticipated bim tn a cortain extent in a suggestion bu intended to mako as to the appointment ou tbuciiinmitteu nf tbo hon. thc Minister for Lands and Works. He (Mr. Pugh) suggested thal the resolutions ?if they wore curriod?should bo considered seriatim. Tho objectionable portions could then ho rejected, mid thu question opened up froo of all party spirit, (Hoar, hear.) Mr. COXEN thought thoro wns no blame to bo attached to tho hon. mumbcr for Port Curtis. Quito tho contrary; for tho qiicstinn bo bad opened for discussion involved tho vital interests of tho country. But lie (Mr. Coxun) would advise that tho resolutions should bo withdrawn, and tho matter entirely left to a committee. It affected both sides of tbo houso equally to get tho matter Bottled quickly, and hu clid hope that his suggestion would bo adopted. Mr. WIENHOLT gave tho hon. mover or the resolutions all credit for tho benefit they would be likely to confer on tho colinby if carried, but denied that the money Bought wub siifiicient. Ile supported tho idea nf com- mencing railways ut once, instead of roads, and thought it monstrous tn spend even £150,000 on roads, when a railway was nn tho tapis. (Laughter.) He could boo that it would he much better fur tho hon. mover lo withdraw his resolutions, after tho explana- tion nf the hon. the Minister for Lands and Works, and considered tho appointment of a board would be tho height of presumption. (Laughter.) Thc opposition, ho thought, wero merely watching their oppor- tunity to walk into ministerial po- sitions if they could, but hu wns watching thom all (laughter); mid although bc did not care for tlie ministry ono jot (laughter), yet ho believed it would be ii bael joh for tho country were they turned out. (Laughter, and hear.) Ho sincerely Imped hon. members would not make that a party question, (laughter), aud beggtcl to assure tho house of bis own desire to soo tho colony progress. Ho hoped tho hon. mover, "or soino othor poison for him," would with- draw tho'resolutions. (Laughter.) Mr. DOUGLAS, in reply, said hon. mom- bors would givo him credit whon lio said ho had not hud an opportunity of complying with .Ihoexprcssod wish of tho house; nnd although bo had not up till then quite decided lo with- draw bis resolutions, yet lio might any lio would not .press thom against the fooling of tho house Tho bon. thu Minister for Lands and Works lind hotter look after his linn, friend from Warwick, who carno into thnt-house under thu guiso of in- dependence (laughter), who nsserted it so strongly, and no doubt believed ho wns inde- pendent (laughter); nt all events, ho (Mr. Douglas) could givo him tho credit of neting from conscientious motives. (Hear.) Tho hon. tho Minister for linds and Works objected strongly tn tho al .ointment nf a bonni, and ho (Slr. Douglas) would gladly withdraw the resolution relating to its appointment lind thc hon gontlomnn satisfied him nf its undesir- ableness. 'Thc Colonial Secretary had stated that boards woro defective and extravagant, and it was frequently tho caso that thoy were so, bul ho proposed in that instnnco to place tho board under government control, by mak- ing tho Colonial Secretary tho hoad of the board, nnd by this moans giving him power, and milking tho head of tho board oleetivc. (Hoar, hoar.) Ho thou wont on to rotor to thu satisfactory work- ing of tho national bonni. Hu roforrod to tho sources nf power which a government should hold, and said il was not true policy of any government to absorb all sources of power (hoar), and tho Colnni.il Secretary knew well that such it course was as much nu evil to a government ns too little pnwoi would bo (hear, hom-) Ho would withdraw bis resolutions, and was satisfied at tho result of tho debate; bo might bu allowed tn remark that tho opposition were ohargud with a want of policy, ami ho would answer such nn asscr ticn by saying tho opposition .lind such li pnlicy thatthcy clearly iinderstnod and wnulil novel- shrink from;'but ns bo took it, bon. goiitlomon on tho other side of the house lind only a policy of placo and power, that thoy stuck tn; but ho would define a pnlicy nf another snrt and stick to it, (Tho COLONIAL SECRETARY : Hiing forward a null ion of want nf confidence.'') Ho bad un doubt but that it would bo dono, and whon it wns hu hoped tho hon meinbor would not trini bis sails to tho wind, hut meet it fairly Ho would 'take care such a motion should nut be shelved. Hu would not cast out feelers, and satisfy himself as to tho courso neces snry lo pursue Ho would, if he brought, forward such a motion, assort bis policy if the adnptinn left him nilly a minority of cine As-to tho Treasurer objecting to short dated debentures, ho might mention that he was not acquainted willi Iraasmy cxporionccs iu Iho matter, but bis own wore that short ilutoil paper waa belter than that of ii longer dato Hy tho loavo of tho houso ho.would withdraw his resolutions, and nilly hoped thu house would give tbo matter its most serious consi- deration. Tho resolutions woro thou withdrawn. MUNICIPALITIES' ENDOWMENTS. Mr. GROOM, in pursuance of notice, moved ?"That an iiddroifl bo presonted lo Ibo Governor, praying thnt his Excellency-will ho pleasud to cause lo bu laid on tho table nf this houso ii return of nil moneys paid tn the Municipalities of Brisbane,. Ipswich, Too woombi, Warwick, Rockhampton, Mary- borough, and Gladstone, from thu dato of their incorporation to tho 31st July, 1SG3, dis- tinguishing tho lammys paid on account ol' rates received, mid tho sums awarded in accordance with the 5th clauso of tho Muni- cipalities Aot Amendment Act of 1SG1." Ile obninod loavo to ni ii ku a slight vorhal altera- tion in tho wording, and said ho mado tho mo'ion for tho purpose of allowing hon. nicin boi'B an opportunity nf judging of tho equality of tho claims brought beforo thom Mr. LILLEY seconded tho motion, whioh wan put mid carried. Tho TREASURER said there was no ob- jection on tho part of tho government to fur- nish tho returns sought (Hoar, honr.) PETITION FROM TURNKEYS. Mr. PUGH, in pursuance nf notico'to that effect, novod?,','That tho, petition prcBOhtod' on iho'20th instnnt,.from tho turnkeys of.-thu.' Brisbane Gaol and Lunntic Asylum, bo printed." Ho said tho potition was a short ono, nud would not bb oxponsivo to print. Mr. LILLEY saenndod tho motion, which was put and carried. PETITION OF MR. W. COOTE. Mr. DOUGLAS withdrew tho following motion standing in his namo:?"That tho petition presented on tho 2!Hh instant, from William Coote, bo printed.'.' HAWKKRS AND PEDLERR* BILL. Mr. GROOM moved that tho Hawkers and Pedlars Hill bo rend a second limo. Ho would not mnko any remni'ks upon tho bill, but foi- thu information ol'now hem, members, ho might just mention that it wns tn enable hawkers and pedlars'to obtain a license at any time (luring tho year, and thurnby save merchants and othors considurnblu loss, and for tho purposo of reducing tho liconso foo The penal clauses of tho old bill had liol huon interfered with.. Tho COLONIAL SECRETARY -seconded. Ibo motion, which wns carried, and the hill wns rend a second time, ordered to bo printed, mid wns committed nt once IN COMMUTER, Tho Hawkers and Pudlers' Bill was con- sidered and passed without amendment; it was'reported to tho houso, and Ibo third rending was in ado an or'doi- ol' tho day for Tuesday next. On thu motion of tho COLONIAL SECRE- TARY, the bniiso adjourned at ft vu minutes to six tu illino o'clock on Tuesday next. 