THE REAL PROPERTY DILL. To the Editor of The Herald. Sin,— Now hat A. Miolno, Esq., is entitled to the addenda of M.L.A., lie may very easily j relieve liiuisi-if of u promiso made to his con stituents respecting this measure by instructing tlio Drescnt Commissioner of Titles to prepare such an tininndoJ bill jib would facilitate nnd cheapen the ob-oining of certificates of title, nnd get rid of any doubt ns to tho validity of Bucli certificates. "Alsft to extend the principle of certificates to partial estates nnd interests, nnd not re-strict the operation of tlio measure, as at present, to owners of tho fee. If tbis were dono there would bo eomo sense dis played, and 110 doubt (luit the bill would bo passed into law in n very short time, as it L much wanted and ns I beliovo that every M.L.A. nnd M.L.O. lias confidenco in tho Commissioner, there is good reason for sup posing (hat no opposition would bo offered. Mr Michie would then Ho really entitled to llu thanks of the community, and lo claim tho prefix of honourable whether in or out of Par liament. As to (ho granting of certificates to others than owners of the fco, I cannot see and do not believe that any good reason can bo urged against the principle. If Ihe suggestion offered be not adopted, tho mcftsuro will bo of comparatively littlo value, and tho old red tape sy5tcm mu?t bo gone through and tho public bamboozled a littlo longer, by being referred from ono lawyer's office to another in search of deeds, etc., witli the ueual addition of a bill of coat? after this etyle : — Item. Attending nt So and So's to inspect, 10s j paid inspection fee, 1 guinea ; attending at So and So'a, ho wa3 not in, 5?j attending again, re ferred to So aud So'e, 10s j und so on. — Yours nhndiftitlr. JAS. FAIRHURST. Mr. jltfd Mii3. W. F. Windham. — Mrs W. F. Windhntn has been in Norwich during tho lost few days, endeavouring to effect o recon ciliation with her hurband. Stic has waited in tho Btreetfi for Mr Windham's coach from Cromer, which generally arrives In Norwich about 10.30 a.m., and bus mado various at tempts to attract his nolico nnd re-awnken his offectiou. She hn? also sent letters for him, addressed to her " Dear beloved, indulgent hus band, Frfdorickj" but tho " indulgont husband" appear? lo bo complaisant no longer, ns he has consigned them fco tho ilamcs, and remained resolutely deaf to tbo " voice of tho charmer." Yarioua letters hovo also been addressed anonymously to Mr Windham, tho fol lowing being a specimen " Dear Sir,— Mrs Windham ia hero. Do, as a friend, take my advice, and eee hor afe once. I am, yours, truly, . P.8. She ia droodfully in love witli you." Theso communications havo been treated by Mr Windham with equal indiffer ence. Mr Windham's local solicitor en deavoured it is stated, to iuduco Mrs Windham not to como to Norwicn, and mot hor at Wymondham whon she came down, but expostulation proved \1sele39, aud tho lady persisted in coming on to try the effect of her fascinations upon ber quondam admirer. Her movements havo of course formed a subject of lively gos?ip and speculation in tho neighbour hood during thu last few days. — European Times. Tiik Folyteohnio Ghost. — Wo learn (says Galignani) that a theatrical speculator of Paris has lufb for London expressly to engogo the celebrated ghest which has born lately making sucli a noiae there—in other word?, to effect on arrangeanut with the inventor of the optical machinery by which tho illusion is pro duced, in order to exhibit it in Pari?. 