ST. MARY'S CHURCH AT WAVERLEY. LAYING; THE FOUNDATION STONE*. Ys TEHDAY afternoon, theooreoaony of laying the founds I «on etoooof S». Mary*« Gouron, at Waverley, toolr plao-> pnreaant to advertleement. Ii bod been natifhd that tho oeremonv would be performed' by bia Exoellenoy Sir John Yonnp, and arrangements having been made to reoíive bit Eioellenoy in thu coorob, anda eonaiderable number of tho clergy having made arrangements to be praBont, it was amioipated that the attendance would be very numerous. Tba unfavourable atete of the weather in some measure interfered with these arrangement', particularly with the invitation to the children of tte Waverley, Paddington, and. Bandwlok eohools to altandi Still, however, tho number of parishioners who assembled woe very large and reepeoiable, and o very deep and becomiog interest pervaded tbe »hole proceedingp. Shortly before three o'clock,, bis Exoellency end Lidy Young arrived, attended by their aalte, and were warmly reoeived. The procesión almost immediately formed in tho following ordei :-The oburob warden*, tba trustees, tho arohitcot, tho aarriage of his Excellency the Governor with the Bean of Sydney on one Bide and the clergyman of the palish (the Riv. Stanley Mitoball). on the other;, tho olnrgy, the children of the sobools, end, lastly, the parishioners and their friendf.. Atrived on the ground, a small marquee bad been erected for his Exoellenoy and aa many ladies as ooald be accommodated, while benoheB were placed round in the most oonvenient positions for Bpeotators to see and bear the prooeodioga. The peoplo having taken their places, tbe ceremony was ' oommenoed by the DÄn of Sjdaey reading the 13.)nd Psalm. Toe lesson, 3rd chapter of tho lat epistle to the Corinthians, was read by the Bev, Mr. SFRNCER.. Tbe oollcot of the Charon, commencing, "Prevent us, 0 Lord," the oolleot far Trinity Sunday and for St. Simon's and S'. Jadt'd Church were then read by the Rer. Mr. PionAtiD'ON. The Kev. STAHLES MITCHELL clergyman of the pariah, then VdreHsed the meeting, aa follows :-May it pleaso your Exoellenoy, my deir parishioners, and friends, We are assembled together to day aa fellow Christiana, lo oom m en ce a work which no one who deslrea to extend the kingdom of God and promote his glory, as every Christian oujht to do, osa (biak of with indifference. Pab'io and united worship, hearing the word preached, end participation in the holy sacraments, although they do not in themselves constituée religion, ara yet meanu of grace without wh oh religion cannot ba supported ; ond we must ever remember this, that neither prayers. . nor preaobiog, nor tba sacraments, nor any outward expression of devotion ia wcrtbythe name of religioue exer.'iae it it be resorted to in tba aplrit of mere for* moliera ; neither oin the eteotion of a oburoh to be oooBeorated to the ecrvioe of Almighty God be.aooepted asa proof or our piety, unless it be .undertaken in the fear of God and in that undiäsembled earnestness of purpoeo and seriousness of heart which ia tho fruit and evidence of trna faith, 1 truat it is in thia spirit that we are assembled here to. iey. Wo have not beau called togetbor to be preBänt at an omusiog entertainment, or a sumptuous repast ; bat to witness the solemn ceromooy of laying the foundation and corner stono of n new ohuroh, nnd to manifest our interest ea fellow Christiana and fellow ohorobm»n in thc aommonoement of an undertaking whioh we believe will prometa tho glory of God and the goo'd of man. Hed the site of our oh a rah been in tbe country parts, and had our!riend3 been obliged to travel a consider jblo distance la order to be present at the lajing of our foundation stone, the roles of hospitality would have demanded that a substantial repast should bo provided ; but under our circumstances, on an occasion Uko the present, tho site of our ohuroh nitbin snob an easy dis- tance of ibe bomoe of onr friends, we baye oonsidorod a substantial repast not only unnecessary, bat even inap- propriate. We are assembled together as Christians for the purpose of off -ring np prayer and praise to our Divine God, seeking bia blossing on thia important undertaking ; and ia faot committing it to His oare and favour in tbe spirit nf. that beautiful prayer which bas just been offered, thtt the Lird would RO before as ie all onr doings with Ilia most graoiouB favour, aod farther na with His continual help-that in all onr works, began, continued, and ended in Him, wa may glorify His holy name. We are assembled together aa oharobmen for tbe purpose of showing that a'though we ore, eaob of u«, in onr own distriots, zealously but quietly engaged in working ont oar own parochial plana; 'yet that weare not isolated congregations independent ' of one aco'.ber, batbranohes of the sama tree, nimbera of the same body, pirta of the same whole, doeply in. terested in any work for God wbiob is going on in other neighbourhoods. These considerations have brought as together to-day, md it is chiefly to these considera- tions, under the Divine bloesiog. that wo are -Indebted for belog embled to build a ohuroh in thia patiah at ell, Inoreaacd oburoh accommodation was.urgently nsBdad, bat tbe difBoalty of raising the necessary funda waa by some deemed insurmountable, OB thero wore tory few numbers of the ohuroh in tbe pariah whose means would enoblo them to oontributo large suma for the parpóse. Bat wo remembered that it ia always o prinoiple with good churohmen every, where, to oonslder themselves perta of a greal whole, we fearlessly threw ourselves on thia principle, and it did not fail OB in tbe hour of oar need. We determined to do what we could omonget ourselves ; that those who were able, should give, and that those who ooald not glv6, should work: and having thas 'shown onr wealthier brethren in other pariahes that we were doing what we oould, they have in nnmerona instonoea moat nobly end most generously come forward and git en us in oar neoe^aity of that whioh God baa graolonaly given them ; and I have not the alighioBt hesitation in exp'eiaiog my firm ooo. viotion that there is more help in Btore for na, and that there ate gentlemen aroand me now who are foremost in helping forward everv goad work, and who will assist na also in carrying to a Bncoessfal issuo the importtnt nndortaking wblab we this day commenoe. I am unwilling 'o lose thia opportunity of making honour ab'e montion of o lew gentlemen who, tbongb residing ia other parishes, have contributed very, handsomely towards the ereotion of our cbarob. Mr. Thomas Dyer Edwards, a well-known and muob.reapcotod oolonistnow residing in London, besides gi vic g an acre of land, and promising to supply tba boohs and communion servloe, had prosented tbe muniûoont donation of £159: The Honourable T. W. Smart ond Mr. F. Mitchell contri, boto £100 eaob, and Mr. W. F. Norie, a gentleman wbo bas not Bn acre bf property in Waverley, and does not even roside in the pariah, nobly came forward, of hii own acoord, amongst tho first contributors, and an. solicited, bec;ms responsible for raising (£100) one hundred pounds. Time does not permit me to mention numeróos other instances of lha kindly feeling mani, foaled by non-residents in this parish, and I moat refer thoBO who. aro desirons of further information, to tho list of contributor, both in and out of tho poriBh wbiob was published in the Herald of yes- terday morning. I oanno*, however, omit giving uttor anas to our heartfelt appreciation of the kindness of his Exoallency Slr John Young in oonsoating to take put ia this interesting ceremony; and while I bolieve every Christian man, however exalted bis station, should oon sider it a piivllege to assist in so important on under taking, I om fully alive to tba honour whioh his Exoe' lenoy bas conferred upon tbe p rish of Waverley to-day, more especially as I understand it is the fltBt oooasicn on whioh bo hos laid tho fonndntlon.stoco of a oburoh since bis arrival in the oolony ; and I beg to tender moat sin- cere thanks to bis Exoellenoy on behalt of tbe pariah loners of Waverley. It now behoves mo to soy a few words with reforenoo to tbe trowel and mollet whioh the trasloes intend to preaent to your Exoellenoy. Tooy have th nght-and I think they have wiasly thought that there would bo little novelty in presenting your lixoelloncy with tho ordinary sliver trowel whioh is usually given on these oooaBions, therefore (hoy have secured for this occisión o piece of workman, ship, whioh bes'dea possetsiog the charm of novelty, can , ' nov fail to be valued by your Exoellonoy, not only asa memento, but OIBI es en indication cf aomo of the re sqnroas of the oolony whioh baa enjoyed tbe boceilt cf your Exoellenoy'a wise administration, and in whioh I trust you may long oontinuo tn hold the offloo you have ever filled with so moah dignity and ability. The trowel, togothoi with tbe mallet, bas been manufactured in Syd ney expressly for the oooaalon, and entiroly of colonial material,by Mr. Laseetter, thowell known iron merchant, and proprietor of the extensive buslner-s oarriod on in Gecr^a.street, under tho nanoo of Iredale and Co. The. greatest praise ia dna to thia gentleman, aot only on BO-' conni of the skill and taate he biB manifested in pro- ducing thia moat creditable piece oljworlminahlp, but also because, notwithstanding the time and labonr ex. i pended, he has generously placed both trowel and mallet gratuitously at tba disposal of tba trustees for présentation to yo ar Exoellenoy. The blade of tho trowel is of colonial iron, from the Fitzroy mlaep, the handle ie of myall woot', tba ferrule ia of Aaatrallan gold, tho end of the handle ia of oolonial lilver, extracted from Australian gold at tho Sydney Min*, The mallet is ol myall wood, with a plate for the inscription of Australian siller, Both bear tho following Inscription :-" Presented to the Bight Honorable Sir John Younp, Bar*., on lajlog tbe foundation Btone of 8t. Mary's Obnrob, War er le j, Otb June, 1603." The box lu wblah they aro enoloaed waa mioa'aotared by Mr. W. Ploman, of: 138, Pitt- itroet, Sydney, of tho following eight different kinda of wood!-Colonial , ..?tin woori, yacca yacoo, boneyiuckle, lignum vitos, myall, cedar, bean tree, tulip wood. 1 have now muon, ploasnra in presenting1 tbeBe insttn. mentsto your Exoellenoy, andi bo pe they will be reoeived by your Excellency as a token cf tba spirit ia whiob tbe ahuro'imen of Waverley have reoeived tba honour end tba kindness shown to them by yourExcollrnoy. Mr. BATIKER, one of th« traitées of the Charon, read the following ssroll, which was plaoed io a bottlo depo- sited ander tbe foundation atone; The foundation atona of thia ohurcb, to be called St. Mnrj'a, Warerloy, tn «blob tba puro word of God la to bo proaobad and tho aaorameñta duly admluiatard accordinglo Cbriet'a ordinance and tba uaago of the United Churoh of England and Ireland, waa laid by.hia Kxoelleney flo Right Honorable Slr John Yoong, Baronet, Knight, Oommandar of thc Most Honourable Order of tho Hath, Knight Grand Cross of tha Moat Dlatlngnlahad Order of St. SHoheol and St. Oeorgo, Captaln-Oonerat and Govoruor-ln. Oblof of tho colony of New South'VValaa. and Vioo-Admlrttl of tba a me; eaeieledby the Very Revorend William Macquarie Cowper, M.A., Dean of Sydnoy. and other olorgyman.on Friday, fl fill day arjuna, A.D. IBU, and In tbs IwentY.ilxth year of tho roiga of hor moat gracious Mnjoety Queen Viotorla. Tho Right Rovorend Frederick Barker, D.D., Hlanopof thodloeoae of Sydney. Tho RnTcrond Stanley Mitchell, olorgyman of tho pa-iah of Waverley. Truateea nf ibo Churoh: Tho Rovorend Stanley Mltoboll, Robert William Newman, Edward Raynoa, George Hooper, William Barker. Arohlteot : Edmund Thomee Blacket. Builder: Wil- liam. Bay loy. The Sydney- Morning Herald and the Empire of the day, together with a list of the eubsoriberB to tbe ohurcb, were alBo enclosed in the bottle, together with soma of tho current COIOB of the roalm. Tbe mortar was then placed on .tbe reoeiving stone, and tbe foundation stone waa allowed to descend into ita proper place, and having been duly adjusted there by the oastomary formal tapa with tba mallet on the oorners of thc Btonr, His KXOEHEN.Y said, "I now deolare this stone to be well and duly laid..' His FXCEIXENGS then said, "I lay this stone os the foundation and corner stone of a oiureb, to be built in tbis place, to be oalied St. Mary's Cburcb, and to be set apart for the preaching of the pare word of God, end tho dne administration of tho Saoromentg aooordiog to Christ's ordinance and the usago of tho nailed Churoh af England and Ireland, in the name of the Father, and of the Sen, and of the Holy Ghost." Amen. The Very Re*, the DEA» OÏ SYDNEY aîded, " The gleriouB majesty of the Lord our God bo upon na : prosper Thon the work of onr bands upon ns : O prosper 1 Thia oar handy work, for the sake of oar Lotd Jtaas Chris'." Amen. A hymn wai then given and. sung by the assembly, after shlob some prayers belonging to tho Liturgy of the 1 Obaroh of England were read by the olorgyman ol tho pariah. The DEAN OF SYDNEY then engaged in the following prayer -" O most glorióos L-.rd God whose tbrono is in tho ht avon of beaveoB, and tho earth is Thy footstool, look down, we besseoh Thee, from thy dwelling.plaoo on bigb, and bless the nndertaklng of Thy bumble s°r. vant?. We know. O Lord, that without Theo oar works aro vaia ; and that unless Thou build tbe house, their labour ia but lost that build it. Prevent ns, therefore, ia all our doings with Thy. most gracious favour, and further na with Tby aititinned help; ia oairying on the work which we desire this day to begin ia Tbee and in the namo of Thy blessed Son. Bting it, if it bo Thy good pleoBurp, to a hippy completion ; and so send down Thy graos and benediction upon all who promote tbis good work, that Thy sanctuary may be to thom the house of God end the gate of heaven. Graft in oar hearts tba love of Thy namo, inorease In us true reli- gion, nourish ns with all goodness, and of Tby great mercy keep us in the Barns; in the communion of Tby Churoh, and cf all true believers who have pleased Theo in their several generations from the beginning of the world, Give ns graoe, we beseroh Thee, so to follow the good example of Thy semntB departed this life in Thy faith and fear, tl at with them we may bo partakers of Tby heavenly kingdom. Giant this, O meroiful Father, for the sake of JOBOS Christ, wbo with Thoo and the Holy Ghost liveth and reignotb ever one God, world without end. Amen." His Excellency Slr JOHN YOUNO thoa oarae forward and addressed the assembly as follows':-Ladies and gentlemen-" When I was asked to take part in the ceremony of laying this foundation stone of your churoh, I oould not anticipate that I was to rooelve, at the hands of yonr representatives in this grist and important matter, so handsome a gift as that wbioh bas been presented to mp, or that it wonld have been prosented in so kind and graaefal a manner. I oould not have ex* posted that I should be honoured with any token or memorial of an oaoision whiob I assura yon will always live warmly in my recolleolion. In thoBO localities where, In the erection ot EOhcole, Lady Young bas been invited to take that interesting patt of tbeoeremony in wbioh I have just been engaged, it bas often been the habit, «ut of tbe wea'th of ouch Icoilltles, to lurniah a silver trowel, for the performance of tbe duty on the oooasion, end to presett it to 1 er as a complimentary testimonial. I thought yon would have appealed to me only on ocoaslons when snob teutionionals wore not to be expeotod, and I therefore tell yoa tbat ynnr interest- ing present is as unexpected as it is gratefully reoeived by me. I fear the observations wbioh I hare to offer will be but little to tbe purpose ; that what oan f.)l from .me will bo of little lntereat, perbops, of loss advantage to you. But I have the happiness of knowing that I am to be followed by one, whose expsrianba renders bim more accustomed and more fitted to address yon, and nboie words will eonvey to yon lessons cf instruction and of interest whiob, I fear, my br'ef observations would ftil to convey. I have little more to do than to congratulate yon on the spirit io wbiah this solemn and great work baa been oono.ived, and the energy with which II hos bten oommenoed. It is a good sugary for ita ulti- mate auooess. There ia muob truth in the old and homely pcpvsrb, ' A work well begun ia holy done." And in tbis your groat object.the work ia more thoa half done already. Though this is the first praotloal demonstra- tion of tho commencement of the work, the foresight and the liberality which have enabled yon prudently to take this step is sn omen that any future exigenoies tbat may arise will be suooetsfally provided for ; and I may per heps be allowed to say that this ia a time that, for a purpose like this, should arouse the enorgies of all trae Oharohmen-all trae Christians, It is a timo almost of crisis in oil matters eonneo.'ei with tbe ministration of religion in tbis colony. Tbe bond wbioh bound the Obaroh to the Government in this colony has been severed-the union of Ohnrob with State is at an end. Tho Obaroh throughout this co'ony mast look toother sources of maintenanao and support. I hope that main- tenance will be readily and cheerfully provided for, and I am firm in my belief that it may be, and that it will. I do think that ohnrchos here may ba multiplied, and ministers provided for, without any longor having to seek the intervention of tbe State. But I wonld also express my Bicoere hope tbat in the maintenance tbot yon and other denomina, lions may provide for your ministers, it will take the shape of some liberal andi permanent endowment-tbat yon will not allow your, olergy to depend upon the daily I generosity of their parishioners. Such a system would, I think, be open to the worst evils, I oannot oonceivo anything more dangerous to the oausa of true rel glon. It wonld be a temptation to your olergy to preach smartly to their congregations ; and I know notbirg more likoly to be fatal to their effioaoy. We soe now, in that groat bnt, at present, unhappy country, whore this 8) stem now prevails, and which Hos beyond the broad Pacifi', that tba olergy of the N.rth lift up their pr-tyars and volaes, earnestly, for the abolition of aWvety ; white the olergy of the South, almost to a man, os earnestly oppoBO it-on what ground, it is impossible for me Io say ; but il is impossible that both can be right, and it is significant bow likely conflating InlerestB are to direo', if rat to oontrol, the ministrations of religioo. You may depend upon lt that yon will never bava an offiolont olergy omongBt you-that you will never hove morality and religion 'a'tbfully taught and preaohed to you, till yon make yoar ministers independent in olraumBtanods-and this is a duty wbiob particularly de. volves on this generation-to próvido a fund for ibo maintenance of your oburches and yonr olergy, and it isa duty which I earnestly hope yon wilt carry out. With- out you do his I fear that yon will find all true religion gradually banished from the land, and oven tbe name of God extinguished in this oommnnily. And when we ooneider its grand resources, its intreaaing wealth, power, and importance ; when wo think of the great temptation to wbioh wo ore exposed, in the rapid development of these element of prosperity, few if any will I think, be found to deny that it is neoessary that soma great controlling moral power Bbould also be sustained among as. I say with tbis development of natural wealth and greatness going on among UB, it is moBt important that the bulwarks of morality should bi maintainod. No doubt we have men, and ahall have men, of high attainment and of high enterptlsj amongst at-men of tilent, af power, of intellectual aenBO-men who, guided by eclenao and the desire of material gain, wilt go forth to subdue the land, and to conquer ita roBOuroes. But it may bs, too, that the energies of tbeBe men will bo direoted merely to the social interests and neoeBsltlea of dally life, without being Imbued with that lofty spirit of social morality without which no commu- nity can be truly great. But we shall look in vain for snob, a morality, without wa oultlvale arning as that religion which oan alone inspire it with vitality. I do not say that morality oonslsts In any partloular form of worship. It may exist, perhaps, without any ?nob form of worship. It may potbapa ba elevated and extended by that advonood philosophy, tbat extended loaming, that high aivflieaticn wbioh aro BO vaunted of ia the ? present day, but without religion, iha strength of the morality ol 'a people mast bloome enfeebled! mast Cid« end die oat. I bone that OUT Oburoh and men «ill take Ibero feelings moah to heart, that they . «ill not bold their band- ia providing oborobes for the extension of oar aongrogation, and-tbat they will liberally próvido tho minisUra with euoh oom peteooe, aa will enable them fearlessly to preoob tbe truth os they And it ia the Holy Scripture!". Tho Very Ber.» DEAN OF STONEY then addressing tho meeting said :. I slnoeroly wHb I oculd realise to yon the anlioip tons expressed by bis Exoellenoy.. Ho baa told yon that I have more experience than ho has to addreeB an assembly Ilk j this ; bat I cnn sincerely say that I feel that, after tho addroas you have j ist heard, there ia very little left for me to eay. So many thinga have been so well said to you that is mott desirable jon should bave heard, that I shonld be lath, indeed, by any leogtheaed ibiervalionB of my own, to efT.ce those lessons from your minds. Still, I bavo been reqae&ted; to BBy a fe* words to yon on-(bia Bolemn and interesting occisión, and J mus', therefore, pray yon to pardon me if I<dotaln you for o few moments. It is a matter af mach Bignifkanoe, ol much congratulation, that tho people of tho ob arah in thia neighbourhood ahonld have shown they no longer wish to »icfloe tbe celebration of-their religions ordiuanooa to tbeir school ohurob. That tboy do not think that tbe room need, on every other day in the week for secn'ar purposes should be that on whioh the Sabbath should be reverenced. They wish perhaps that tbeir ehildren ebuuld not grow up with tho impreNBioa on tbeir minda, that the samo room to whioh they resort on every work-day, is-the proper one in wbiob to assemble on tba Sabbath ;-and they have determined to take no rest until they have provided o temple for tho Lord G 3d, worthy of the iooreaaad opa. lenee, the higher stato of olviliiation in wbiob our oom. munityja now plooed. Suob a determination moat bo moat satisfactory aa regarda tho people of Waverley, j bat ia also very gratifying to know that tho exertions tbat bave been made to raise the temple have not been con- fined, to the ohurohmen of Waverley.. It ie a significant proof that the Ohuroh of England ia deeply sensible of tho du'y that is cast upon ber. Every ohuroh that mee is bat a proof that tboy are oonscions of the mission whioh lt is my firm belief was intended as the destiny, of. the Churoh of Englond, to flt the standard of Christianity on this fair land.. Tho first attimpt for the introduction of religion into, thia oommunity was made by the Cburoh of England. When the British Govern, ment Bent tho fit st float lo thoBe shores, no provision WBB mada of a'l for the religions instruction ol those sent with it. It was a foot that oms under the notioo of that great end noble man who will etcr bold a plooo in the heart of Englishmen, William Wilberforoe, the truest friend of tho slave, end be at once interlered, with so muoh energy and. aaaoeaa to the Secretary of State, in what he considered a scandal and reproaoh taChriatiani, (hat a zealous ead devoted minister of the Oburoh, tbe Bev. Mr. Johnson, waa appointed. Long and faithfully did ; he work in tba vineyard until his hralth failed, and he bad to return to England. Bat he waa succeeded by othtra equally zealous, equally pions; and ever aioce the first commencement, the number of ministers bad been oerleinly increasing, and be trusted tbat their earnestness and devotion had not been lesa sincere. These oironmslanosa show that tho Cbnroh has a work in Ibis oolony to do ; that God, in bia providence, has oppointed UB a work to do-ona in wbiob all bia people in the Cbnroh ought to join, not alone tbe olergy, but tbe laity with them. We must do thia work in proportion to the extension of tho country, and os our congregations ihoroase and want tho means of grace, tl is very gratifying to see tbat the Cbnrob, in this inatance, ac- knowledges thia, duty; that ohurohmen, not oonneoted, with this looallty, have done muoh'towarda 1'. Tbe Cbnroh Society bad been able lo do muob, but its effaots are mnoh assisted by euoh works aa thia - tho freewill offerings of ohurohmen ; and Ibo nmonnt devoted in thia way of late, baa been, I am glad to say, very large. I trust that this good will go on increasiog. That, wherever tho ohuroh is looated in IbiB colony, this spirit will exist; and if we are bat oon. Btant to tbat great pr ruilivo ohuroh from whioh we spring.it will go on increasing ; and, with united iffjrt, we may not oniy oompfete what is already began, bat may overtake the work and look with cnltrged hopes and freaher energies on what remains to be done. I hope, ta yon have oommenoed thia work so well, you will go forward with it equally zealously-that yon will not pauto till yon plnoe tbe topmost atone upon it-till you have raised your spire and tower upon it | and while thus making a picturesque object in the oolony, yon will feel, with grateful boons, that yon have raised a temple worthy to bo consecrated to the worship ol Jehovah, of his Obtint, and his Holy Spirit. The DEAN having pronounced the benedlo'lon, the national 'anthem was sung by the assembly, which separoted with three obeers foi-bia Excellency. EXTENSION or THE MONEY OBDEH SYSTEM,-On Munday, tbe 1st iobtant, tbe granting of money orders on I the United Kingdom, in aocordanoe with the proclama- tion cf tho Government, was commenced at tbe Central, offioo, in Georga.atroet j and, early io the month es it is, many persona have already availed themselves of the extended arrangement, and obtained orders for small, suma to send to poor relations ia Ibo mother country." Whether wa consider the very email oommiasion, or poundage, paid on these ordere, or the great number of peat.offloea in all parts of Great Britain aud Ireland npon . whioh ordors may be drawn, either by the superintendent of thia de- partment, in Sydney, or by tba various country post maa'erB in all parts ol the colony, tba number of whom,' baviog authority to grant and pay money orders ia being augmented, thia system must be deemed of the ntmoat importanoo to oil olaaees. It ia a singular aoinoldrnae, (hit both in London end .Sydney the introdnation of money ordere owes its erigin to offloers of the General Post-otuoe. In Lindon, to Mr. Bubert Watta, ote of Ibo 6onlor clerks attached to the inland office; j and In Sydney, to M-. B. A. Hant, many years superintendent of tho letter -lrmob. Both gentlomen bad prejudices and obitaoles of DO ordinary oharsoter to contend with; yet, by tbolr ratienoe and perseverance, they surmounted them a!'. Mr. Etant may be said to hara aommonood his duties as supetln tendent under far more favourable auspioss than Mr. Watta ¡ for tho early rates of commission in the United Kingdom were far too 1 igh to ronder the system a popu. lar one with tho wording classes. He persevered with ultímalo Buoecss in his urgunt reoommendations for a material reduotlon of oh argos, wbioh being et. length oonoeded, the business of tho London department toon increased, at local, tenfold, and wa are informad that, ot tho presont time, the president has under him about one hundred persons, who ore doily engaged in ocndaoting tie granting, pnylnp, and oheokln?, money orders, There is ono point to wbioh wa would invito (ho atten- tion of persons desirous to send Bmall sums to tho mather country. Tbe Sydnoy banks only grant drafts on tho compart t've'y few sgentB they hove ot homo: whilst, on tho other hand, our money ordsr oflloos have antbori'.y to draw upon nearly 3000 oflloes in tho post tcwns cf England, Wales, Scotland, and lrelard. With refarenos to tho great value of monty orders tor posting between plaoos within the oolony, the frequenoyof mall robberies within Ibo last five months, dating whloh period tho money order system bas beoa In force, and not one petson sending snob orders by pest bas lost ono penny, ie of itself sufSoient to recommend it to all thoughtful porsons who sond remittances to their distant relations and friend?. Notwithstanding tho obvions value of this system, wo have oortain obstructlres amongst us who are oppoaed to any ohangos in publlo depattmonts, howover advantageous they may promiee to beoome. Hall a year haB not possed slnoe tbo money order tysfom was initiated here, yet its enemiei aro oakiug ia sneering terms, " If it pays f" We would remind suoh aroakors that in the United Kingdom the system was aarried ont for some time at oonsderable loss. In 18X7, the losa woo £10,600 ; In 1648, £6745. Io 1840, a small pioflt of £332 WOB shown, and during tho noxt seven years tho profit rapidly Inoreasod until In 1850, it remited £32,074. Dating th6 last «ix joarB an annual inoreose of nearly seven per cont, has boen reocrdtd. OUNIEONIST SOCIETY,-We are requested to oail tie attention ol the assoolates and members of ibis sooiety to the advertisement of an extra rehearsal, to laka p'ooe at the society's room, Stanley.Btroet, this ivenlng, for tho porp:so of n final praoliae af the maslo lo be sung at the aonoert for the Kandwlok Asylant, cn Tuesday Droning. As all the members Imo kindly given their OBsistanae io this charitable OSUBO, we aro sure that there will bo no absentees at the loll-oall this evening. THE Gooxnorw MAIX.-We yestordoy insetted a paragraph, takou from a Goulburn paper, beaded "Altor, lion of mall time table," in which il was Bloted that a change, whloh had boen made in tbo hour of departure of Ibo Goulburn mail for Sydney, would not be attended with advantage to tba former distrlot. We ara informed, however, that the objeotlon is groundless. The Sydney mail reaohes Goulburn at 13 80 p.m., mld.doy, and the return mail leaves the following day at 0.30 a.m., so that twenty-one boars are allowed for reply. If (he maila wero not brought Into Sydney, in time for the fleet delivery, thoy would not be delivered nntil alter 1 p.m., and would, consequently, be too lato to allow of being replied to by the ensuing mall despatched al 0 p.m. Thia has often ooantred before the alteration of arrangement. Tho change ls than quito aa advantageous to Goulburn ai to Sydney, 