¡ THE FUI ISLANDS» = . (Flora thiWtwetùtU Ckronièù', November 7,j ' "I auootSDKS ia ai lob lng lbs Kate Kearney for my lat letter, - by «hal an Irishman «oald eall a " gbost of i ebanoe"-that ia to say, I plaoed it io tbe hands of bei obliging captain «t the last moment. Great diiaatisfaolicn is felt tbrongbont Ibis groop bj the British residents, at tbe imperleot means of postal eommonteation «iib tbe Aaftraliao colonies, or, I sboalé eay, mers correctly, Sydney, for nearly all tbe vesstlt " that. trade to these and the neighbouring islands bail from that pott. Sometimes woul¿-be darer captains .nd cwnars, tomkin;, no doubt, they «ill s eal a «aerob OB their lellow.traders, clear out et Sydney for. Gaam, 01 other mythical por', and coma straight to Oval«o, without a mail, to tbe|vitreme disappointment atd disgust of all tbVwhite inhabitants. Gaptaios ol rei sala make a great m is'ak e io tb.U respeo', as by so doing, tboy saorifice tbe goodwill of tho European reslden*s ; no trifling consi- deration on a trading voyage. Sorely a little oare on the part of the postal authorities could rë'midy this. Bemembering, however, the per- petual ormpleints thut are being made against that badly oondaated branch of the publio servie, it ir mid ba out of tbs question to expeet any attention to tfie wanta of our amah community. Another BOUIC? ol iititition with tbs people of F-ji is, that mail« pat on board f r Ovalac, often go round by way of trie Friendly Islande, and reaoh here some four or ave months siter their departure from Sydney. Tte inconvenience, annoyance, and sometimes serious IOBB that are entailed by ttipse Btnpid arrasgementa, oan aoaree'y be imagined. A swift little eehooner, baok'd with a sma'l snbstry, would matte a very satisfactory mail boat,'and, I feel not ? dnub>, would prove an ample sonroe of prent to lbs ci t rprialng mao wbo might nndertskcit. .. Assn indioition of tbe direotim in which there sou roe B of Fiji are being developed, I may mention that Gi ptain Browning has just ereated, far the fl m of F. and W. Henning«, a windmill, for' diiriog a eottcn gin. lt is aimple and -inexpensive in its eonstroolion, bot substantial, and answers tbe purprss for'wbieh it waa designed admirably. Talk about astonish, iog .: the natives; it was a most amnsing and laughable s'ght wbeo .it wai first set going to walch the orowd of Fijians around it, at rt, stare, and finally, when the ootton began to fly oat in a beautiful snowy Bbower, laugh and ofaatter with childish glee. It is en. terprise sash'aa this wbloh will make Fji a country; and I trast tbe Messrs. Hennings may soon find it neoesaary to replace it by more ' powerful, steam'ni«, eblnery. 'The cultivation of ootton ia spreading rapidly here, some planter J having as many aa 28,000 tree». Many of tbs native chiefs are also onllivoting it, and as the plant yelda a return in twelve and sometimes six months, it Is the favouiite indnntrlnl actianltnral nnr,nll it-pifBent. I.regretto bave to nord the loa», by Ute, of aeon eUerable propctt.r, beloogiog to ¡Ur. Davis, of Bein one ol onr most reaprotabla and industrious store beepers. «BI airly aa I oan guber, the circumstance attending Us occurrence were aa follows-Some morning ajo. Mr. Davie, previous to bis depsrture ; Iron borne, had a p'g ' billed, and, preparatory to it beinf ont np, bang Irom a beam, on one, of tbi outboosea ; es,be tbooght it probable be shoald bi absent for several boars, be directed a native to taki charge of it till he returned, and to keep plenty of wood smoking underneath, with the view, doubt leap, of keep lng. (.ff tbe fll^a,,&3\. Now, Mr.Davis,.not- being ar ? acoompliahed Fijian scholar, gave bia directions in ebel a way as to lead the native to uode'nt«od that he was tc keep plenty of fire beneath the pig ; so, accordingly, nc -Bonner.bad tbe unconscious proprietor tunned his back than- tba' too willing nativa heaped on fori with the generous rrofuaion oaoraoleristio of the Fijian people, then followed thu inevitable consequence-a large lump of fat fell Into the fire beneath, the hungry flamea flashed lighlning.liko upwards;and in another moment, tue drltd material with whiob the roof was thickly thatched waa a roaring oonfligratlon. Now, mark the conduct of oar native friend-tbe pig roaster- and draw conclusions therefrom. oí Fijian ebaraeter. After the first swift shock of surprise, he grabs the poker in bia oapaoions arme, ruches beyond toe reaoh of the flames, and quietly set ts himself to Bee tbe perlorminoe out. Meantime, cotton, oil. and other valuables, to the'Inno of Borne ülOeU or £1300, \- ure being gradually Hoked up by the remorseless tiennent and, finally, tbe ma'ch-to-be.pitied proprietor (that wis) arrives lo contemplate the ashes of y ea» a of privation nod toil. An entbusiaBtio sympathiser with poor Mr. Davis, obsetving tbe native sitting philosophically on the oaroaBe ot the rescuod pig, demandée, in ferooious aoceniB, Why he had not tried to, Bavo a barral of eil \- or aometbing Bise. '. No," replied the savage, witb on ruffled composure, "il was left to take charge of the pig, I dio so-there it is." . When tbs bews cf the fire come to ? Ovalan, tbe first f geling of tbe white re idents was one of thankfulness, tbat it was not the work of an incendiary, for this destructive modela theosial evidence of native hostility. From all I have heard, however. Mr. Davis bas never done anything to even . interrupt tbe good feeling wbiob genet ally prevails between the native and wbite inhabitant*. Sometimes the Fijians, think themselves sggtieved. by the wbite man, and when they d.', ' ' vengeanop, swift and ample, is exeenled. Some ' clrcnmelancee oocarred in the letter oatt of the month ot august, illustrative of ibis. On tho sont*'ern coast o Viii LOTO,on tbe main lend, et a place oalled Tongaouri two or 'three «bite -traders »ere eittlrdt Tba objet o ' Too gs oar! waa at war with . neighbouring magnate, ti whom aome of tbe whits.men bad sold gunpowder. Tbl natives fixed npon ona Beojamin Gurney (whether joBtl; or »ot, I cat.'t say) as the cfl\nder; and one morning, as Mr. Gurney waa walking from his workshop to bil house, be was seised Irom behind by eaob wrist, wbilsl a thitd native hold a battle-axe, and another, a dub, ovei his ¿lead, ro.dy to olease or brain bim at firit sign o resistance; but resístenos would hare been not on I j dangerons, bot almost impassible, seeing that tbs twc ' tall and powerful mea that eaob held a wrist had planted their fett against those of their prisoner, and then tbrea themselves back, so as to form tbe letter V; whilst thus detained, the remainder of the party entered Gat tif y's house, rifled it of every single thing, then oame out, and stripped him of all bit olotblug, not exeepting his Bbirt ; a fire-stick was'then put into his boatshed, containing bia boat, which was burnt to cinders ; the dwelling was spared, and thoo the party went away. ,Tbe whole aff.ir was transacted in silence and gravity, and no pereonal injury was received by the man, who maae his way to same white m cb in a little canoe, with a pièce of native matting round bis loins. Tbe ono or two neighbours be bad bave also abandoned tbe place. Near the same locality, another resident tass also been burnt ott, parti- culars of wbioh I have not.' ~, ' I rave beard that tbrae or four gentleman, on tbe Maitland «ido of yon, have it in contemplation to take np sorce country here for sheep farmiog purposes to tbe ex. tent of about £5000. I think I told yon, in a former letter, that, as a general thing, the sheep imported already «ere doing well. Some 400 have died irom tating . the wild indigo plant : but where they have plenty of grass, th fy avoid' it, and ' not one ' of the young lambs have diod from it ; in all olber respaata tbe sbeepare a triam, pbant auooess. I bare this morning reaeivod a letter . from s gentleman who bas sheep on some Islands op tbe northern coast ol Vi ti Iieva, from which I take the fol lowing extract «-'. I have »ts my lambs, SOI ewes, and 186 wetbers, I hive not shorn yet, but am urging on mattete to that end as fastas Fijian (Malua) byand-by will admit." Slnoe 1 forwarded my latt correspondence the weather bas been deligtt'olly olear, bright, and cool- We have bsd no ships io exoept the Caroline, from Sames, and the Botumah, now about to sail fot Sydney. The James, Cáptalo Wei-s, has not yet made her appearance from \- the Line. The Rotamah reports ba\log heard of he's at the island of Rotamah. We expect the Oosau and Kate Kearney from Sydney shortly. Let-abe, Std October, 1668. 