DR. CAHILL'S LECTURE. THE DOCTRINE OF PURGATORY. On Wednesday evening Dr. Cahill delivered bis third lecture in Montreal, in the Bonaventure Hall, the subject on this occasion being, ' The Doctrine of Purgatory.' The Hall was filled, and the lecturer was received is the same enthu siastic manner as at bis previous lectures. He was accompanied to the platform by a number of Roman Catholic clergymen, and said that it was not the first time he had the pleasure of appear ing before them, and be was exceedingly obliged to them for the kind manner in which they had received him. He could not say that be was sick, but they would pay him the greatest compliment if they would allow him to sit down while he delivered his lecture. He was very near as tall sitting as other men were when standing, and as he was going to talk like a judge, be thought he bad better put himself as nearly as possible in a judicial position. (Laughter and applause). The subject he would have the pleasure of addressing them on was the " Doctrine of Purgatory' in the Catholic Church. Purgatory was described in the Breviary as a place of punishment in the other life, where the soul remains for a time before it goes to heaven. One of the most unevitable things to a person in bis position was to read misrepresentations of this subject. Before entering upon it be must tell them that although be had spoken as much as any man of his age, yet he never knowingly and willingly said anything that could in the slightest degree offend the conscientous belief or feelings of anyone. (Applause). Far when he gave a lecture, and when persons of different opinions went to bear him, he thought it would be the greatest vulgarity to say anything that could offend them. Almost all the treatises that that be had read on the subject misrepresented it. They say that we invented Purgatory. 'But the doctrine was in the Jewish Church before Christianity commenced. He had a Hebrew Bible, which a young Jew once gave him. This Jew told him some things that he never read. He said that tbey, the Jews, believed there was a place of punishment after death, in which the soul remained for a year before going to heaven ; but a great many people only prayed for their friends for eleven months, because each one believed that his friend could not have been so very bad as to be kept in that place for the whole twelve months. (Laughter). He, the lecturer, asked the man what arguments he bad to support this doctrine, and be replied that it was a saying tbey had. But the statement that we (the Roman Catholics) invented Purgatory, was an awful falsehood, because it was amongst tbe Jews before it was adopted by the Catholic Church. And being in the Jewish Cburcb, if there bad been no such place, our Lord would have said so when He made His appearance in the world. The arguments for Purgatory, or a third place, were included in three points. 1st.. There ought to be a third place ; 2d. There was a third place ; 3d. There is a third place. His first point was that there ought to be a Purgatory, or third place. There was a difference between a venial and a mortal sin. St. Matthew has said that every idle word that cometh out of the mouth will have to be accounted for in the day of judgement.. An idle word then becomes a charge. Is hell the punishment for speaking an idle word ? Hell consists of three infinities ; the infinite anger of God; the infinite intensity of fire; and the infinite duration of punishment. Can an idle word require that three infinities be employed to punish it ? It is impossible. Therefore there ought to be a place where it can be punished. It has been srid that he that despiseth small things shall fall little by little. Small things were small duties, and the meaning of falling little by little was that he that neglected small duties would fall from one sin to another ; but will he fall into tbe abyss ? No. Will he go to heaven? He fancied not. After being tried for en offence he could not be admitted into the presence of the Supreme Being. The proof is here then that there is such a thing as venial sin, and there ought to be a place where it can be punished. If you are in afflic tion in this world, the affliction is for some sin committed. Then why should there not be pun ishment in death ? He that neglects religion here, throws a child away. The hearse comes to tbe door, and be has conveyed the honey-drop of tbe home to torture. We are all chastened in this world by affliction. Next, as to tbe second point, that there was a third place. About 150 years before the birth of Christ, what did the great General Judac Maccabeus do after his vic tories? In tbe second book of Maccabees, 12th chapter and 42nd verse, we read :—' And when he had made a gathering throughout the company to the sum of two thousand drachms of silver, he sent it to Jerusalum, to oflvr a sin-i.ffsrino-, doing therein very well and honestly, in that he was mindful of the resurrection. For if he had not ho;.ed that, they that were shin should have risen again, it had been superfluous and vain to pr y for tbe dead. And also in that be perceived that there was great favour laid up for' those that died godly. (It was a holy and good thought. Whereupon he made a reconciliatiyn for the dead' that they might be delivered from sin.' Tbis general did not sleep until he made a collection, assisted by bis men, for his dead soldiers ; and he sent tbe money to the capital city, Jerusalem. Thee sacrifices were made when all the people were in the temple. So many used to gather in it tbat they at last commenced to buy nnd sell there, and our Lord bad to take a whip ami drive them out. A great many people say tbat the book of Maccabees is in the Apocrypha, and cannot be received as inspired writing, Butifl what ground do they want this book to be expunged ? Because tbe 14tb chapter praises a suicide, and if the Holy Ghost is pired the words, surely a suicide would not be praised. In the 14th chapter of the second book of Maccabees, we read — ' So Nicanor, willing to declare the hate that be bore unto tbe Jews, sent above five hun dred men of war to take him ; for he thought by taking him (Razias) to do the Jews much hurt. Now when the multitude would have taken tbe tower, and violently broken into the outer door, and bade tbat fire should be brought to burn it, he being ready to be taken on every side, fell upon his sword ; choosing rather to die manfully, than to come into the hands of tbe wicked, to be abused otherwise than beseemed his noble birth.' But tbis did not praise the act — the suicide.; Manfully was not a religious, but a military phrase, a mere histerieal expression. And people would reject tbe two books because of tbis one word. In those days, when a man met with difficulties, he always poisoned himself, and tbe suicide in question died like a soldier, but not like a Christian (applause). There ought then to be a third place, and there was such a place. Christ was in that place. He descended into bell — to wbere tbe spirits of those who bad died were in limbo, to preach to them the glad tidings of redemption. Adam was created some time before Eve. He was caused to fall into a deep sleep, and a rib was taken from him to make Eve, showing us tbat if possible a man is to love bis wife better than himself. Adam was created first, and be was improved into woman (ap plause). Adam received a commandment, not one of tbe Ten Commandment. Tbe only Com mandment that could be given him in his condition, was Obedience. God put the Com mandment on bis mouth — fasting. When be broke tbat commandment to be obedient, and eat of tbe forbidden fruit, be broke all the Ten Com mandments. For disobedience, Adam was told to go out of tbe garden, and earn his bread by the sweat of bis brow. Eve also was punished, and placed under tbe dominion of her husband. Nevertheless she was told that tbe seed of tbe woman should crush the serpent's head. Who was the woman ? The Blessed Virgin (ap plause). Tbe coming of the Saviour was even foretold at that time, in tbe garden. When our Lord went into limbo, be brought out all tbe limboites, and he is represented in the Breviary as ascending triumphantly through space. On arriving at tbe gates of heaven he knocked and shouted,' Be ye opened, ye eternal gates,' and the nates were opened and He entered with all tbe limboites He brought with Him. Cnrist is represented as coming down from tbe throne to receive tbe Blessed Saviour, and those He bad redeemed; and throwing Himself on His neck, He set Him on a throne at His right band, swearing that tbe gates should never be closed again, so that all might be able to ascend to heaven (applause). There was then a third place and Christ was there; and there is such a place. In the first Epistle to the Corinthians which St. Paul wrote when about 800 miles from Corinth, we read (3rd chap. 9th verse, Douay version), '?For we are God's coadjutors; you are God's husbandry, you are God's building. According to tbe grace of God, tbat is given to me, as a wise architect, I have laid tbe foundation : and another buildeth. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon. For other founda tion no man caji lay, but that which is laid, wbich is Christ Jesas. Now if any man build upon this foundation, gold, silver, precious stones, and work shall be manifest ; for tbe day of tbe Lord shall declare it, because it shall be re veaiea m nre ; ana the nre shall try every man s . work, of whai; sort it is.' Now tbe gold, silver, and precious stones are works, and they are to be tried by fire. Is not this purgatory (applause) ? We should believe this as mucn as we believe in the birth and death of our Saviour. The Church teaches it. Gold, if melted a million times, will not have any oxide on it. This was a perfect work, silver would not stani so well, and tbe precious stones represented works of ostentation — going to communion for show ; building churches to be well thought of. There was no chemistry in those days, and when Paul put pre cious sjtrines after gold and silver he did it by in spiration, for the precious stones could be con sumed byhre. And what did he mean by the wood and stubble? Thinking of trifling things when at prayers. Thinking of your dress and appearance when at Mass. Man himself will be saved by fire. Our op ponents say that the priests invented Purgatory, so that they might make money. Purgatory is a place where sins are punished before we enter heaven. Adam, when he committed sin, was turned out of the garden and condemned to death. If he had committed no sin be would have lived and ascended to heaven as a spark He could not have been punished if guiltless ? and his punishment, deatb, was the greatest that could be ir.fliced. Our Saviour spilled bis blood upon the cro.- s, and ascended to the throne on high, where tbere are millions of merits to save others. Now, we cannot go to God except through Christ, and tbis is the reason wby the Father has not taken away tbe grave. That is His way. He will forgive sin, but leaves punishment behind. He leaves the grave to strike terror into the heart of the signer, to prevent him repeating the fault, and v**MJ l)sing his joal. He leaves tbe temporal punishment upon every one. If you add another sin to the old one Adam committed, you musi suffer additional punishment, and so long as th- grave exists you are required to do penanct through your whole life. (Applause). After tb«. sin is forgiven, He leaves a temporal punish ment He did it in the case of David. David was a great king; but he saw tbe wife of Una*, the Hittite, and be committed adultery with her. Not content with ruining the woman, be wrote a letter to Joab, and sent it by the hand of Uriah. ' And he wrote in tbe letter, saying, set ye Uriah in the forefront of the hottest battle, and retire ye fram him tbat be may be smitten and die.' And Uriah was placed in tbe beat of the battle, so that be might be killed. David committed one sin with the wife and murdered the husband. But tbe Lord was not pleased witb what David had done, and behold, one day an old man came to David and asked an audienee of him. When the old man, tbe Prophet Natban, came before the King, be told him that tbere were two men, the one ricb, who bad exceeding many flocks and herds, and the other poor, who bad nothing save one poor little ewe lamb, wbich be had bought and nourished up. It lived with his own chil dren, and lay in bis bosom, and was unto him as a daughter. One day a stranger came to see the rich man, and instead of taking from his large flock to entertain him, he took tbe poor man's lamb and dressed it for the man that came to him. Then wben David came to hear this story from tbe old man, bis anger was kindled, and he rose up and exclaimed, 'As the Lord liveth, the man that hath done this thing shall surely die.' And Natban said unto him, 'Thou art tne man.' And David then remembered tbe sin he bad committed, and he bowed bis head and put him self in sackclotb and ashes. Then the Lord put away his sin ; but because by this deed he had given the enemies of tbe Lord occasion to blas pheme, a punishment was inflicted, and he' was told tbat the child that was born unto him must surely die. Many a man has had the children taken from bis cradle for tbe sins committed in his youth. Sins may be forgiven as to their pternal pumsament, but not as to their temporal punish ment. Our Saviour said to the palsied man, tby sins are forgiven thee ; and wben tbey accused him of blasphemy, said to the man, that they might know tbat Be bad power upon earth to forgive sins, arise, take up tby bed and walk, and we have been told that whatever is bound upon earth shall be bound in Heaven, and what ever is loosed on earth shall be loosed in Heaven. ' What does tbis mean ? It must mean sins. Whatsoever sins ye remit they are remitted unto them, and whatsoever sins ye retain tbey are re tained. The, priest has, therefore, tbe power to forgive sins, and the power to put on a penance at tbe same time, in imitation of his Father. We believe tbat we sit there as a Judge, and that we have power to forgive sins, repentance being manifest; no sins are forgiven unless be goes- to confession; because if he asks for forgiveness without going, he violates a constitutional law of Vjoq. A declaration of repentance is absolutely necessary. So in a forest, or at sea, a man cannot be forgiven, unless be declares that be will go tov confession wfaen he reaches land, or on the first opportunity. Who is it, then, that goes to Pur gatory ? It is the man who bas committed venial sin, and neglected the penance enjoined by the priest. He is forgiven by the priest as to his eternal guilt ; but he dies without performing the pennance enjoinid, it must be performed in some other place. What would become of bim with out tbis place ? Tbere is no one who can 'leave this world without having some fault to atone for. Our greatest enemies believed in Purgatory, and altogether, we could not get rid of it. We have prayers for people in the other world. It is only' - done through the merits of Christ. Lazarus was raised from the grave, after being four days in it, at the request of his two sisters Martha and Mary. Tbey asked for their brother; and having faith their prayers were granted, and he was called forth. Where bad Lazirus heen during those four days? In the third place beyond all doubt; but the prayers of bis sisters removed the temporal pun ishment. We (tbe Catholics) are always praying for tbe dead, at our meals, and in our breviaries. Some ask why the priests have private Masses: - Whsn Christ: wont tn tha xhnrnh.ii«i.i) *« -..:*«? Lazarus, why did he not raise all the dead? Because He was not asked. Tbey accuse us of. taking money. Pray, bow are we to get our coats, our boots, tbe carpet on our altar, tbe food we eat, tbe best horse in the country, so that we can catch your grandfather before he dies (laughter and applause). This is a very mean objection to bring against us. We barely get what we want. We say in the Catholic Church that we have no grave at an, ror we are always holding communi cation with the dead— stepping across the strait as it were, and making inquiries after them— ? ? (applause). Dr. Cahill then announced tbat on Thursday next, another lecture would be delivered in the same place on 'Predestination.' Having tbanked the audience for the attentive manner in wbich they had listened to him, he withdrew amidst the continued applause of his hearers.— Montreal Transcript. Convent of tub Good Shkpiiebd.— The ceremony of the clothing of three sisters of the order of tbe Good Shepherd took place at che Convent, Pitt-street South on Sunday after noon. His Grace the Archbishop officiated. Hie names of the ladies who took the white veil were Miss Kearney, in religion Sister Mary .' cie liazze, Miss Toola, Sister Mary Elizabeth, and Miss Ennis, Sister Mary Geneviove. At that part of the ceremony where the novices retire to put off their wordly habits, his Grace briefly addressed them on the happiness and privilege they enjoyed in being permitted to reuounce the world and dedicate themselves to the service of «od-a resolution which he prayed that they would have grace granted them to persevere in. A sermon appropriate to the occasion was afterwards preached by the Rev. J. H. A. Curtis. 