PRINCE OF WALES BIRTHDAY. To the Editor of the Oeelono Advertiser. Sin,—Can you inform mo whether next Monday, I the 9th, bein_r the Prince of Wales Birthday, will be 1 a public holiuay, or not. .Geelorig, Nov. 3, 1863. [We cannot tell.—15d ] Several of. the members of the Western Distrio Agricultural ami Pastoral Association are auxiou&t; to amalgamate with the Bullarut Agricultural So* ciety, in order that a first-rate exhibition of live stock, &c;, mnv be got «p every year under the auspices of the amalgamated societies. The Bol limit Society is quite willibg to awalsaraAte with their western friends, but we hear that Mr Oolin Campbell, the presid-nt, and Mr Shaw, the secre tary of the western association, are opposed to the amalgamation, although some forty five members of the society are anxious for it. The districts of the societies border on each other, and we cannot bat believe that it will be an advantage to both were the proposed amalgamation carried into effect. —Ballant Star, Tins Wkatiier*"At Wahiinasidool — Opinions are generally expressed that unless the weather mode rates very quickly, the young crops will suffer se verely. it is seldom such a late winter is seen as the present one. Last year hot winds and summer weather were felt in August, but here is the closa of October,Jand all is cold and bleak. It wa9 noticed that the barometer was lower on Sunday evening last than .it has been known in this district for the past eight years, and we observe that the same oc curred all over Victoria. The late rough weather has caused a great sea ontside the- bay, and this.no doubt has prevented the arrival of some of our C9Mtvre,—ffrflrm«m&wrST;«m{ner, 80th Oct, Accident to thw Ghost.—Up*cohntry roads and ricketty bridges have proved too much for the Poly technic Ghost. As our .readers are aware, a large sheet of plate glass forms part of the apparatus with which the popular illusion is effrcted. After appearing in Cast!>>m8ine, Mr Merlin look his ehost and the wizard to Jvyneton, they then visited Dayles« fo«d and Guildford. On nil-these journeys the ghostly gla«s wag packed most carefully, fltill it received very severe ahaUtn;a. At leugth J>tr Merlin and Professor Schlcler at'emp'cdto reach Y'indoit. The heavy rains had reduced the r ad to a condition which is hotter imagined tbau described. A crrtniu creek had to be passed. 1 The vehicle containing tb" precious paraphernalia was dragged throuch lite mire with great difficulty. While on the rough bridge. ancVin attempting to get it over, the jolting vyis so severe that tbe large sheet of gloss was reduced to what Paddy would describe as " smithereens," and the Professor's u Magic Table" and other goods and chattels, were reduced to email atom?. Mr Merlin** loss by this accident will bo rather heavy. It is a wonder the vehicle was not capsized bodily into the creek.— Mount Alexander Mail. Attempted Suicide on BmorrroN Beach.—The town of Brighton was, on Sunday morning, tbe scene of considerable excitement in consequence of a rumour that a matt had cat his throat in the scrub on the beach. On the police making enquiries they found that a man named James Pennington was fonnd lying in the stables of the Retreat Hotel, where he went after, he had attempted to cut his throat with a razor* It appears that the unfortu Date man had been for several days wi hout taking any food, and from his low condition, and being without money, ho was incited to destroy himself, though it is said that at the hotel ho was residing in ai Brighton,he could have got nnythinghe wanted if he bad only applied for it, from the fact of hia always paying whatever he owed. Immediately after be was found he was taken hy the police to the Melbourne Hospital. Dr James stated that the wouud is of a very dangerous character, as nearly all of the smaller vessels have been separated, and it is impossible to say whether the unfortunate man will survive.—Herald. 