TO CORRESPONDENTS. Communications addressed to us are oonstantly rejected in consequence of our rule not bring com- E lied with, that every letter must be authenticated y the renl name and address of the writer. . Several letters are in type. The netva of a rebellion in Madagascar, though deplorable in tbo last deg-ree, will scarcely excite surprise in the minds of those who have made thom selves familiar with the history of this island for the past forty years. Since the year 1818, progress and reaction have alternately exercised their influ ence upon the Malagasy character, and the whole people may ho said to have heen divided into two unequal classes, those who favoured the intro duction of Christianity, and those who preferred the continuance of barbaric religious institutions. Nearly half a century ago, there came to the throne of Madagascar a monarch, who wns well-disposed towards the European missionaries; who had long hee ; making strenuous efforts to cemmuni- cato the blessings of civilisation, in place of the semi-savagery which had so long prevailed. During the ten years of his reign, he accomplished vast social reforms, aided by the counsels of those indefatigable men who had devoted themselves to the philanthropic task of ameliorating the moral condition of this intelligent people. There seemed in deed to ho reasonable grounds for hoping that in a very brief period, this nation, so remote from intercourse with European communities, would shortly he closely connected with them by right of the commercial enterprise which would grow out of the efforts of tho agents of the London' Missionary Society. But King Radama I. died before this great desideratum came about, and there came to the Throne a Queen, who, as it would seem, had heen thoroughly indoctrinated with the fierce prejudices of the old cruel faith. Her aversion to Christianity, and, therefore, to civilisation, was intense, determined, and continuous. She had not been I long in possession of the suprome power before she instituted a syste matic persecution against tho ad herents of the new faith. Her reign presented a succession of the most sanguinary and vindictive acts against those who professed the creed introduced from Europe. The mental enlightenment which had seemed to be in such a fair way of replacing the debasing superstition that had so long enslaved the people, was regarded its a mischievous innovation upon established institutions. Deaths, the most horrible and revolting, were contrived for those who refused to abandon the belief they had adopted ; and in the several very interesting narratives lately published containing the account of this very dark period in the history of the island, there are recorded many instances of heroic devotion and endurance equal to the most exalted bravery of the early martyrs of the Christian church. As might he expected, this constant oppression had the usual effect of increasing the number of adherents to the new religion, so that at the Queen's death, which toolcplacc about two years ago, the new King, Radama II., himself an enthusiastic admirer of European institutions, and an earnest professor ot the Christian religion, found himself supported by the real intelligence of the country. He at once placed himself in communication with those English residents, particularly the Rev. 'William Ellis, who, in spite of much opposition, and in the face of great danger, had heen carrying on the good work for some years pre vious to the death of the Queen. These labours are most graphically related by Mr. Ellis, in his work on Madagascar, which, besides being important as a missionary narrative, has diffused more interesting information concerning the island than was ever known before. During the brief period which has elapsed since Radama II. came to the throne, the national progress and the social improvements that havo heen etfccted aro almost beyond belief. As may be supposed, however, this now regime lias not heen accomplished with out very strenuous opposition on the part of those who supported the bloodthirsty administration of the late Queen, and who were dispossessed of their power and influence by the succession to the I crown of a humane and enlightened man. These disappointed persons, in ' beholding the restoration of Christi- j anity, saw nt the same time tho dinti- 1 nution of their own greatness, and they have, therefore, not ceasod to plot nnd conspire against tho presont occupant of the throne, in favour of a rival claimant to this dignity. As it would seem, they have so tar carried out their designs to a successfiil issue that the principal object in the way of their nin- uitious intentions has boon romoved. The murder of the American consul is, no doubt, only part of their scheme to exterminate the whole of tho original propagators of the new order ol things. 13y the next mail it is not unlikely that we shall hear more lamentable tidings still, for it is scarcely likely that measures so complete as to have brought nbout the assassination oi tliG King in the nnscent stage of the rebellion, would fail to compass most of the minor conditions necessary to its ultimate triumph. Perhaps it is only in accordance with all historical procedent, that progress towards the liberty nnd enlightenment of a pooplo should suffer fluctuations; but it is, nevertheless, disheartening to think that the all- important transition from comparative barbarism to refinement, which hut 'lately seemed certain of accomplish ment, should so suddenly be inter rupted, if not for a very long time completely suspended. The good which comes out of evil, however, may possibly find some exemplification in this instance. The redress which is sure to be demanded for the murder of European residents, may indirectly afford the occasion of re-establishing the rule of good Government so dis astrously brought to a termination. Tho very important commercial relations which may be brought about with Madagascar, are of considerable in- terest both to the home country and to this continent, lying as it does midway bctweon the two centres of northern and southern civilisation, and these relations will, if the rebellion succeed, be destroyed. Perhaps America hav ing, according to her own account, a surplus of martial ardour which, she is desirous ot expending upon some en terprise other than the treaty business of fratricidal throat-cutting, may send a couple of frigates to inquire about tho death of her representative. Frigates wero useful in bringing the Japanese to their senses. Perhaps they would not have the less effect on the minds of the rebels ot Madagascar. Another sanguinary battle has heen fought in America, the intelligence of which has reached us via Sydney and California. Our telegram is somewhat contradictory ; but, allowing/for . the source whence the news is derived, — California — there seems little doubt but that another must be added to the list of the Confederate successes. Our last advices from the samo source stated that the Federal General Hooker, with his entire army, had crossed the Rappahannock, and was rapidly march ing towards Richmond. When between Fredericksburg and that city he was met by General Jackson with 40,000 men. On the 2nd of May a division of'IIooKER's force, under Howard, was attacked by Jackson; lite Confederates for some time obtaining an advan tage over their opponents. Reinforce ments were, however, brought up, and the skirmish terminated without any material result. On the following day a general engagement between the two armies took place, which is said to havo lasted for six hours, the ctirnage being described as frightful. This battle ap pears to have ended in the entire defeat of the Federals, as they wero obliged to recross the Rappahannock and encamp on the northern side of that river. At \- . j .r j.. n a UI1K pcixuil U1 U1U iiJJIlb U1U L/UBitiUUimeS had captured twelve pieces of cannon ; hut in a brigade order published after the battle, General Hooker claimed to hare taken 5000 prisoners, fifteen colours, and seven pieces of cannon. The most satisfactory item of intelli gence contained in our telegram, is the fact that friendly relations had been established between the American Am bassador and Earl Russell. Yesterday was the twelfth anniversary of the separation of this colony from Now South Wales. According to precedent, tiie day was observed ns a public holiday, which means that the courts, the Government offices, and the banks, were not opcued. Until afternoon, however, the city wore its usual business appearance, but towards two o'clock many of the principal establishments were closed. There wore none of the usual pre arranged demonstrations in celebration of the occasion, except on the part of the teatotnllers, who held n soiree in the evening. The reason of this we presume is, tiiat the agitations for sepa ration are being forgotten to some extent by those who took an active part iu them ; while new churns, including all who arrived subsequent to 1851, are wholly regardless in the matter. There may be this other reason that such demon strations have been found to bo not only meaningless, but, as a rule, exceedingly dull affairs, aud that consequently, they required every one to put forth a considerable effort to persuade himself tiiat he had derived any pleasure in taking part in them. Probably, even the teetotallers, will' yet find some more important day to celebrate as tlieir new year, and, for our own part, we must say that cold water end a frosty morning constitute anything hut an exciting association. So far as ciuld lie observed by appearances the inhabitants who were relieved from duty enjoyed themselves in tlic course of tiie day by strolling for a short time about the streets, and afterwnrds betaking themselves to some of tlic rural suburbs, but mostly to Snndridge, to enjoy a promenade along the pier, nnd have a view of the splendid vessels that lav alongside. (Ye arc informed that Mr Francis will be op posed at Richmond by a Mr Alexander Walker. A meeting of arbitrators appointed under tho Land Act of 1802 was held yesterday, nt eleven o'clock, at Scott's hotel, Mr Thompson in the .elm it'. It was unanimously resolved, that tho following gentlemen should ho appointed a deputation to wait upon the Minister of Lands, I to-morrow (Thursday), for the purpose of | learning what the Government intend to do in the matter of the awards under the Land Act, viz., Messrs M. L. King, D. Cameron, Gar diner, and Thompson. The meeting then adjourned. At the weekly meeting of the Council of tho Acclimatisation Society, held on Tuesday, at the Royal Park, present, Dr. Black, Professor M'Coy, F. R. Godfrey, Albert Purchas, T. J. Sumner, nud II. J. Chambers. Captain T. A. N. Schagor Van Leeuwing attended nnd re ceived the corditd thanks of tlic society for the valuable collection cf birds, so kindly presented by him to tho society, including a red cardinal bird, a green cardinal bird, n pair of Brazilian doves, and three finches ; in addition to which | the captain has Also given a marmoset monkey and an agouti. Mr. Ileyno, of tho Botanic Gardens, informed tlic Council, by letter, that a pair of taleguilas had been received from Mr Chns. Moore, of Sydney, and shipped to the Zoological Society of London, per Roxburgh Castle. By tho Inst mail, cntne out the report of a recent meeting of tho (Bnglish Acclimatisa tion Society, nt which Dr. Buckland sug gested thnt the salmon ova should be sent out here frozen up in ice. Dr. Black called attention to this, nnd said that some months back, lie had written to Mr Rdward Wilson suggesting this very tiling, and, men tioning thnt it might be advisablo to send the ova via America, in order to place it on board a ship laden with ice. The Council made an in spection of tho animals and birds ; also of the planting operations which are being pushed on, so thnt in course of time, Tery considerable shel ter will be afforded to the birds frequenting tho gardens. A large pond is now being excavated in one of the paddocks, in the middle of which, a small islaud will he left, which will be covered with bushes so ns to form a biding place whero the different kinds of water-fowl may lay nnd lintcli their young. The Angora nud'Cnshmcre aro both recovering from the effects of their journoy, although with thclattcr It is but a slow procca-, in consequence of their travels having been far more protracted and trying tlinn in tiie case cf the former. The Angora nro already lieginuir.g to show, by tho fineness of their coat, that they are highly bred animals, and will lie a great acquisition to the society. TI;o small birds recently arrived appear to he very lively in tho avinry, and It is proposed soon to let the.in go. Some of the sparrows which wore placed under Colonel Champ's charge, at Pentridgc, have already begun to liuild. The Council acknow ledge, with thanks, the receipt of one kangaroo from Mr J. H/ Bindon, and one mopokc from Dr Rmbllng Very peculiar opinions appear to be en tcrtained by some of our temperance friends. A Mr Gray nt a meeting held at Ballnarat, on Tuesday evening, said " he was of opinion that moderate drinkers were far nnd away worse than drunkards as cxcmplnrs for the uninitiated. lie held thnt a man rolling in the gutter nnd making his wife and children pnupcrs was n much less dangerous person than the moderate and respectable drinker, who with politest courtesy invited his friend to drink a glass of wine. " In consequence of the holiday yesterday, there wns no sitting of the City Police Court. The Mayor attended at the wntchhouse and dis posed of the drunkards, and tho other prisoners were remanded until to-dny, The annunl ploughing match of the Port Phillip Farmers Society will take place to- dav. at Mr Brown's farm, Caraphill, about eight miles from Melbourne, on the Deep Creek road. The second of a series of lectures was deli vered in the United Methodist Free Church, Fitzroy, by the Rev D. Blair, on Tuesday evening. Tho subject was " A Plea for Ghosts," and the lecturer pleaded on behalf of his clients from the universal belief in supernatural appear ances nnd from well authenticated facts respect ing them. . The lecture elicited murh interest, and at its close a hearty vote of thanks was given to Mr Blair. We are in receipt of our Tasmaninn files to tho 27th instant. The Lnunccston Examiner thus expresses its opinion upon the new tariff : — "The .now tnrifi1, if passed, will have a most irritating and injurious effect. Many of the articles, like bottled wine and ale, will yield no revenue. They will cease tc lie imported ; and for some time, high as the imposts aro, the return from the customs will not lie large. The measurement charge is a monstrosity, and will involve endless trouble and dispute. When the tariff is fairly before the public, tlie merchants, traders, and consumers should convene a public meeting, to protest against the increase of taxa tion and tho interruption to business such a scale of duties will involve." " As asign of the times," the Geelong Chronicle says, " It may be noted that one hanking company in Victoria has reduced tlie number of employees in the establishments by twenty-one. This reduction was tbc result of a strict investigation initiated by the home proprietary, and carried out by an inspector." An interesting lecture—the second of a series of five—was delivered in the Wesleyan Church, Brunswick, on Tuesday evening, by the Rev. J. C. Symons, the subject being " Humbug, Cant, and Quackery." The chair was occupied by P. E. Beaver, Esq. The lecture, which was characterised throughout by great wit and humour, was listened to with much attention by a numerous audience, and at the close a vote of thanks to the rev. gentleman was moved by T. J. Sumner. Esq. and carried. The third lecture, on " Africa," will be delivered this day week. The Carlton Rifles gave their second annual ball in tlic Orderly room, Grattan street, last evening. The attendance was both numerous and brilliant, upwards of two hundred ladies hnd gentlemen, most of the latter in uniform, being present. Dancing was commenced shortly after nine o'clock nnd was kept up with great spirit until an early hour this morning. In addition to the company's band, Dcnning's qnudrillo band was in attendance, and played fer the latter portion of tho programme. The Colonel Com mandant and several members of the staff were present. The affair was a decided success. The complimentary dinner to the Rev. Dr. Barry, previous to his departure for Europe, takes place this evening, at the Criterion hotel, at 8 p.m Mr Birch repented his entertainment a "Holiday Trip" twice yesterday, at tlie Royal Polytechnic, and on both occasions, the room was crowded. In tlic evening the hall was densely filled with a large and attentive nudicnce, and about a hundred persons hnd to be turned away from tlie doors unable to obtain admission. The next afternoon's performance will be given on Saturday. 