TO THE INHABITANTS OF SYDNEY, ESPE- CIALLY THE GENTLEMEN OF THE LEGIS- LATIVE ASSEMBLY. PER FAVOUR OF THE EMPIRE. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,--The drunkard, with those who make laws to encourage him in his besetting evil, can have no fellowship with Christ, but must be in dark- ness even until now. To those who love the ways of God, my words will sink deep into their hearts, but to those who do not, this letter will appear as Latin to the ignorant--"They cannot discern the deep things of the Spirit." As such, they are foolishness to them, and their hearts will not delight therein; but to those who do believe, Christ is precious. My friends here and elsewhere, I feel my very soul stirred up to say a few things which, if duly considered, will to the wise make drunkenness appear hateful. During the thirty years that I have lived here my eyes have beheld sorrowful sights in the drunkard's path to ruin. Year after year have I seen men, twelve in num- ber, lay dead, called in a moment of time to their last account through drunkenness. One instance: A man last week named Day was found dead, his dray having tipped on him. This man died in liquor, and left a widow and little ones without anything to look forward to for their support. I saw his body, and an awful spec- tacle it presented, almost too horrible for human eye to look upon, except with shuddering and with many tears. Touching his disfigured corpse I exclaimed, "Alas, my brother, my fear is that your poor soul is in pain far greater than that to which your body was subjected," such as is described in the 9th Psalm, 17th verse--"The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God." Also, in the 11th Psalm, 6th verse--"Upon the wicked he shall rain snares, fire, and brimstone, and a horrible tempest; this shall be the portion of their cup." And, 14th chapter Revelations, 10th and 11th verses, the Holy Ghost, by John, sums up all poor drunkards with all who trangress Heaven's holy law by their sins, and says:--"The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured without mixture into the cup of his indignation, and they shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the Holy Angels, and in the presence of the Lamb, and the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever, and they have no rest day nor night." Now, my friends, God is witness that I myself was a great drunkard during the first twenty-eight years of my life, and did but just escape death, striving to make my damnation sure by being led captive by the devil at his will, in the awful path of drunkenness. Yes, God hath made me to know by bringing home to my heart the truth of these twice ten thousand sweet and powerful texts of Holy Scriptures, with such life and power that at times I have exclaimed in agony of mind, thinking of the lost ones: Lord, what can the drunkard do, now that he is where a drop of water cannot be given him to allay the burning thirst of his lost soul. God hath made me to know for more than forty years, that every text pointed out and at the drunkard is the Word of God, is truth, and will be fulfilled in due time. My friends, I have wept tears innumerable when thinking and judging of the hearts of our present legislators; it seems to me as if they had combined to work wickedness, (it is to be feared) to the ruin of many happy homes and families, by passing an Act allowing the drunkard two hours longer in the day for indulgence in his besetting sin, and also by allowing innkeepers to keep open their houses until twelve o'clock instead of ten o'clock as formerly. Has not God said "Blood for blood?" So that I have thought, with tears, speaking as man to man, that for every drunkard who hastens his death by being allowed two hours longer, may not God require at the hands of the legislators the blood of those murdered by this basest act of legisla- tion. I pray God to avert the heavy punishment that he may think this colony deserving of by the sins of her legislators, who, to my mind, are dead in trespasses and sin. Have we not the plain word of God for it, "Cursed is the wicked man in all that be doth;" cursed in lying down and cursed in rising up, in going abroad, and else- where. To put to the drunkard hot burning bars of steel, to singe their poor souls up to a scorch, they crying out, in the fire, raving and saying, Send the lawmakers and we will trample them under foot, for our curse shall ever be upon them; they did not consider the dis- tress of our bereaved families and the fearful burning of our lost souls! I have cried before God when His enlightening hand by the Spirit has been upon me, saying, "Had I been one of those legislators, I could no more have assented to such a proceeding, such a God- degrading, soul-destroying law, giving more easy access to ruin and death, than I could have patiently allowed myself to be cast alive into a burning furnace." And I have said to God by the Spirit, "Surely, Lord, I could never silently acquiesce in such a piece of legisla- tion, and Thou looking on, by Thy word saying, Do good, and good shall come of it, but evil shall haunt the sinner, and now he must die for his sins, and sink in thought, saying, I, the wicked counsellor, am undone, and my fearful flame abideth for ever and ever, world without end." I have thought much of their awful end after death, if the grace of God does not awake them from their deep slumber; for fast indeed must those be bound by Satin's devices, who have said, "Give grog till twelve o'clock. Let what will come, we will stand the brunt; for money must be had for the Treasury, though it cost the loss of the drunkard's soul." God, I believe, would help me, rather than I should have sent my new- born soul to hell by assenting to such an act--that I could have suffered the despising of my goods, aye, even my tongue to be plucked out by the roots, to doing such a fiendish act, or to be a helper in such grave wickedness. And still they further countenance the drunkard's besetting evil, by not allowing any fine to be imposed upon him, or to stay him in his downward path, in any way. In conclusion, my friends, if I cannot do any- thing by talent or purse among you, I thank God for his promise, which says, "The prayer of the righteous availeth much;" and so, by God's grace and help, will I pray that the Ministry and members of Parliament may be, by grace, made to arise from their lethargy, and drun- kenness be stayed, if not totally put an end to, so that this land may recover her slain, and the Lord be all and in all is the sincere prayer of Yours very sincerely, GEORGE LEWIS, Muswellbrook. 