TRUE GHOSTS AND DREAMS. Ko. I. " Yoe say you have seen a real ghost "; now describe it to me ? ' [ '< He came as if he came through the wall ; I don't know where be came from, but there he stood." x " Describe bim V " He was dressed in black, and had a hat »and boots on." x * 4 "Say, nay, _ spirit is a Tspirit,' ana' may bo | wreathed in vapours, but trousers, hat, and boots, is too much for poor pennyloea ghosts -to possess." " Well, give us your opin:on on true ghosts ?" " The worst of a true ghost is, that to be sure of his genuin enes a-that is, of his veracity, one must wait the event. . He is distinguished by no sensi- ble and positive characteristics from the oommon herd There is nothing in his outward ¡ appear- ance to raise bim in'yeur opinion above a fetch. But ever* this fact is not barren. His dress -^it is in the 'Ordinary mode, of the time-ia*nothing overdone. To be dressed thus, does credit to his, taste, as to Be dressed at al', evinces Ina sense of proprioty<and decency; but alas 1 tEo,same ele- ments conviot him of objeotivo unreality. Whence comes that ,aeiial coat and waistcoat, whence tho e visionary trousers? Alas, they can only have issued from tho wardrobe in the seer's fancy. And liket his dress, the wearer is imaginary, a mere sensorial illusion, without a shadow of ex- ternality ; he is no^ more substantial than a dream. Bnt dreamá have 'diTerenceB of qna'ity no less than ghosts. AU do not come through the ivory ga'e. Some are true and significant enough. For ins'ance, a Scottish gentleman and his wife were travelling four or five years ago in Switzerland ; there travelled with (them a third party, an intimate friend, a lady, who some lime before bad been the object of a dmp attachment on the part of a foreigner, a FrtVcliman. Wcllí she would have nothing to say to him on the topio uppermost in his mind, but she gave him agioddeal of serious advice, which she probably thought he want-d ; and she ultiai at ely, promoted, or was a cognisant party, to his, union with a lady, wnom she likowiso knew. The so-married couple were now in America, and the lady ocoaaiona ly heard Iron» them« and bad every reason la believe they were, both in perfect health. One morning-on their meeting' at .breakfast, she told her- com- panions that she bad had a very impressive dream the night before, which had recurred twice«' The scene ^as á room in which lay a'coffin ; neargo ,it stood her ex-lover in a luminous 'transfigured resplendent state ; his wife waa by, looking much as usual. Tbe dream bad causedl the lady some misgivings, but har companions exhorted ,her to view it as a~ trick, of her. fancy, and she was half persuaded so -. to do. The dream, however, wai right, notwithstand- ing. In process of time, letters arrived announc- ing the deatti, after a short illness, of the F.reuch eenttoman,. within the twenty- four hours in which the vision appeared. It wou'd be diffioult lo persuade tho lady, who dreamed this dream, that there was no connection between it and the event it foreshadowed in her mind, beyond the accidental coincidence of time. Nevertheless, to this conclusion an jndifferent au- ditor would probably come, and upon the following reasoning : We sometimes dream of tho death of an absent friend, when ho is alive and in health, just as wo sometimes di earn that long lost friends are alive. Anditisqui'e possible, nay, likely, to occur in ihechaptet qf accidents-na.y, certain to,¿uro np, now. and then among the dreams of 'millions during centuries, that a fortuitous dreamy i seemingly referring to tho fact, should be coinci- dent in point of time, with tbo deaih of a distant friend." ' To explain one such case^we'need look no further than to the operation of chance. W hy, 'then, ever seek another principle ? Let us examine a parallel ghost story. A gentleman has a relative in India, healthy, of good constitution, in tho ' civil service, prosperous ; lie his no causo for anxiety, and entert-ios none respectiog his telative. Eat one day he sees his ghost. In due course, lo.ters arrive, mentioning the occurrence of his relative's death on that day, The case is more remarkable than the last ; for the ghost teer never in his life, but that once, experience i a sensorial il nsion. Still, it is evidmtly possible, that ,the two events 3vere,_tbrojaghjbance_^loM,_3omcid^entinj¿me^ And if in ..his o se, ^why nqt io another ? Then let me adduce'a more remarkable instance^ onó that is well known-of old-:-General- Wynyatd.and th« lae General ~ir John hherbroke, when young men, were serving in Canada, and one day, it was daylight, Mr. Wynyard and Mr. Sherbroke both saw pass through the* farther end of the room where 'hey sat, a figure, which Mr. Wynyard re oognised as a brother then far away. One of the two wa ked to the door, and looked out upon the landing place, bu the stranger was not there ; and an orderly who was on the st »irs had spen nobody pass out. In time news arrived that Mr. Wyn yard's brother bad died about the t'me of the visit of the apparition. I have had opportunities of inquiring of two near relations of General Wyn- yard, and also of General Wynyard, now Lieuten- ant Governor of the Cape, upon what evidence the above story rests. .They. >o'd me they bad each heard it from his own mouth. M-ire recently, a gentleman, whose accuracy of recollection exceeds that of most people, has told me thar he bad heard the la'e Sir John fcberbroke, the other party ««In the ghost story, tell it much in the same way %t a dinner table. One doe* not feel as comfortably satisfied that the complicated coincidences in this ta'e admit of being referred to chance. 1 he odds are enormous against two persons, young men in perfect health, neither of whom before or after this event experienced a sensorial illusion-being the suDJec's at the same moraçnt of one, their common and only one, which concurred in point'of time with an event that--it foreshadowed, unless theie were some^ea] connection between the event and the double apparition. And we feel a nascent in- clination to inquire whe her, in case such in s'ances as the present occasionally recur, end in« stances like thetwo before narrated become, when looked , for, startlingly multipled, there exists any known mental or physical princip'e, by tho help of which they may be explained into natural phenomena. The more we look after facts of the above natitre.the more, urgent becomes the want of such a means of explanation, tin every fa'roi'y o'role, in every party of men accidentally br >ught together, you will be sure to hear if the conversa- tion fall on ghosts, and dreams, one or more in- stances, which ¿ho narrators represent as. we.ll au tbentica'ed of intimations of the deaths of absent persons conveyed to - friends, . eith'er through an apparition or a , dream', * or an ¡ eqniv.'ent unaccountable presentiment. ' Mr. Boswell, a writer-' lo - H.M. ? Signe', -in Edinburgh-, had- a brother in the East India Company's 'service ¡tv Bengal, to 'whom he^was much attached, from whom he. received a letter ; the same night, be .awoke from' hearing, two knocks, be smarted- from his bed, awoke'Mrs. Boswell, lighted his randle.'and went down stairs, expecting,.that ihe. house nad been broken iu'o, but he found ali quiet and safe, and after his wife telling him it was a dream, ? be went to bed, fell asleep, and was raised a second time by. two knocks'; this time he rung his bell, raised his man, and had the hou'e searched inside and out, but all was safe ; be went to bed after taking a look,at his watcb, but he could not sleep. Next morning, he made a note of tbe "cirenms'ance. He often spoke of it, and felt anxious to Mienr aga'ri from his brother. MonthB passed, "at last a letter Odme from India, announcing that bis.bróther had gone to a tiger hunt on, a spiri'ed horse, which had taken fright and ranoff with him borne -, on arriving, tbe'horso made direct f )r the stable, with young JBosWB!l~onhiff"baek rhis^teardwas caught by tbe door, which grased the'scalp, bnt it again came in contact "with a, beam fur-her in, andki'lled bim, ¡after lingeriDg an hour or two. On examining the note taken By Mr. Boswell, in Edinburgh, it showed that the hour and 'date of the hearing of the two ' knocks in Edinburgh, corresponded^ with 'he death in India.'' _' _(To be continued.),-<-' 