SPIRITUALISM IN AUSTRALIA. [THE writer of the following paper is a gentleman quite incapable of wilful exaggeration, or intentional misstate- ment. He has no motive for withholding his name, and it will be seen that he has mentioned it in the course of the article. Some of his statements are remarkable and some very absurd. We confess we see nothing in the narrative to make us alter our previous opinion, that these so-called spiritual manifestations, have their origin and end in the brains or imaginations of those who believe in them. As throwing some light on psychological phenomena of a very singular character, such statements as the follow- ing, are, however, worthy of notice, and it is on that ac- count, and not because we attach any intrinsic importance to what is known as Spiritualism, that we publish them.-- ED. Empire.] The great fault of those who dispute the realness of the phenomena called spiritual, consists in their sedulously avoiding the only satisfactory method of studying the sub- ject. They will not experiment; they will not put the question to nature in the proper way, and under the requi- site conditions; they will not form a circle out of their own friends and acquaintances; but, on the contrary, should they experiment at all, they almost invariably seek the presence and aid of a paid medium, who, either has, or, at least, may reasonably be suspected of having a strong motive for deceiving them. And should they form a circle out of their own friends, or out of those on whose integrity they can implicitly rely, and then fail to obtain results at the first sitting, they straightway become disgusted, abandon the inquiry, and denounce all who have more skill and greater perseverance than themselves as humbugs and impostors. Such conduct is unreasonable in the extreme. It is neces- sary sometimes to sit for many nights in order to witness even the most trivial manifestation. The writer has formed a circle repeatedly, without obtaining any proofs whatever of spirit presence and power. Rarely however has this oc- curred for more than three times in succession, so that if experimenters would only persevere, they would almost certainly obtain the desired results. A clear sky, and bracing atmosphere, appears to be extremely conducive to success. This seemingly indicates the operations of some physical agent. On hot muggy nights, when the air is loaded with moisture, and the nervous system of man is re- laxed, oppressed, and weary, spiritual circles generally end in disappointment. I do not wish to rush precipi- tately to a conclusion on this point, and therefore apprise the reader that in making such a statement, respecting the influence of the weather, I merely give utterance to the impression produced on me by my own experiments. Those who doubt the genuineness of the phenomena, never take this into account, but, utterly regardless of unfavourable atmospheric conditions, and all other causes of failure that may be present and operative at the moment of experimenting, they seize on the fact of failure, as a proof that the whole of the alleged phenomena are unreal, and produced only as the results of trick and imposture. This inference, to say the least of it, is hasty, and appears to many as most illogical and deceptive. Yet the argument put forth in a large proportion of the articles against spiritualism which have appeared in the Saturday Review, the London Review, Blackwood's Magazine, Frazer's Magazine, and other Journals, is founded upon and pervaded by this cardinal and most deceptive idea. Any examination of spiritualism conducted in accordance with a canon of experiment so loose and disorderly, must necessarily end in failure and disappointment. If the reader will carefully con over the following notes and memoranda, written almost immediately after the termination of the circle meetings to which they refer, he will see that I have good reason for being like William Howitt, as positive in my belief of the realness of spiritual phenomena, "as a stone-wall." I do not mean to say that. I am positive in my belief that the phenomena are produced by the agency of disembodied spirits, but I mean simply to say, that I am positive in my belief that the phenomena are real, and that those who doubt the genuineness of them are misinformed and in error. The hypothesis of spiritual agency is nothing more than an hypothesis, and is to be accepted or rejected, in proportion as it is found to cover and explain the phenomena to which it relates. Should it fail to explain these phenomena, it must give place to some more truthful, or, at least, some more elastic hypothesis. All enquiries therefore, into the truth of this hypothesis, are quite distinct from inquiries into the genuineness of the phenomena which the hypo- thesis has been invented to account for. The march of discovery may compel us to abandon the hypothesis of spiritualism altogether, and force us to refer the pheno- mena called spiritual to the motion of some imponderable material force, rendered operative by the automatic play of the brain-centres of man, or it may substantiate and warrant the hypothesis of spiritual agency or in such a manner as to leave no room for doubt in the mind of every rational thinker. All the facts which I have had an opportunity of noting seemingly tend in the latter direction. It must, however, be evident that, in either case, the phenomena will exert a mighty influence over human opinions, and especially over those which relate to religious and spiritual matter. The spiritual movement will either establish, beyond all doubt, the fundamental ideas under- lying all religious belief, or it will destroy, or at least render uncertain all evidence adduceable in support and attestation of anything supernatural. Surely, therefore, any faithful record of experiments, conducted with a view of getting at the truth respecting this curious subject, must prove interesting to every mind capable of rising above the beer and broadcloth and other elements of the gross materialism of the age. On the 29th of June, 1862, a circle was formed at my house. The circle consisted of three persons, viz., the writer; the writer's son, and a lady, Mrs. P. We sat for some time, perhaps about ten minutes, in fact, until the table began to tip, as if under the influence of some force or agent, and then the following colloquy took place. MR. S. Are you a spirit? SPIRIT. Yes. MR. S. Will you spell out your name? SPIRIT. C.G. MR. S. Are those your initials? SPIRIT. Yes. MR. S. Is your name Caroline? SPIRIT. Yes. MR. S. Are you the person I am thinking of? SPIRIT. I am. MR. S. How are you? Spell out a word that will aptly express your condition. SPIRIT. Ill. Mem I was not thinking of this word, nor of any other answer to the question. At this time, my son having retired from the circle, the latter consisted of myself and Mrs. P. MR. S. What is the source of your misery. Will you spell out a word that will convey to my mind an idea of the cause of your unhappiness. SPIRIT. Love. Fealty to truth compels me to state that in the early part of my life I had some slight aquaintance with the lady whom the tipping agent purported to be, and as no person can identify her by the initials I have given, I can scarcely be doing any injury to her memory by stating that she was not a woman of rigid and inflexible virtue. It is, therefore possible that remorse for illicit amours may have been the cause of her unhappiness. MR. S. Will you be always miserable? SPIRIT. No. MR. S. Where is Jackson? SPIRIT. In London. MR. S. Is Mrs. Jackson alive on the earth? SPIRIT. No. MR S. Will you meet us again after an interval of ten minutes? SPIRIT. Yes. Mem. The circle broke up, and after the lapse of a few minutes was re-formed. MR. S. ls there a spirit present? SPIRIT. Yes. Mem. We ascertained that this spirit was not C. G. We tried repeatedly to ascertain its name, but it maintained a dogged silence, and would not reply. Again and again we tried to elicit its name, but without effect. We asked it to tell us the text from which the Rev. —— was then preaching, but to this request also, it would not reply. Two or three times during the seance we asked this latter question, and always were repulsed, notwithstanding that the agent that was tripping answered all the other questions we put to it with readiness. MR. S. Can you tell us whether Miss L. is alive or dead? SPIRIT. Yes. MR. S. Is she alive? SPIRIT. Yes. MR S. Where does she live now? SPIRIT. Plymouth. MR. S. Is she married? SPIRIT. Yes. MR. S. What is the name of her husband? SPIRIT. Low. Mem. We thought that an e ought to be added to the name, and asked a question, in accordance with our thought, but received a response in the negative. MR. S. Spell out the name of the street in which Mrs. Low resides? SPIRIT: Druitt-street. MR. S. Tip at the right number? SPIRIT. No. 70. MR. S. What business does she follow? Does she keep a shop? SPIRIT. Yes. MR. S. What kind of a shop? SPIRIT. A Confectioner's. MR. S. Can you tell us anything about Miss L? (This was another lady whose name commenced with L.) SPIRIT. Yes. MR. S. Is she alive? SPIRIT. Yes. MR. S. Where does she live? SPIRIT. In Plymouth. MR. S. Spell out the name of the street ? SPIRIT. North-street, No. 4. MR. S. In what sphere is the mother of Mrs S.—--? SPIRIT. In the fifth. MR. S. Is she happy? SPIRIT. Yes. MR. S. In what sphere is Dr. -—? SPIRIT. In the first. MR. S. In what sphere is the father of Mrs. S.----? SPIRIT. In the third. MR. S In what sphere is Piesley, the bushranger, who was hanged at Bathurst recently? SPIRIT. In the first. MR. S. Will you meet us to-morrow evening? SPIRIT. Yes. The writer then said Please to bid us good night in any way you can, and had no sooner uttered the words than the table began to play strange pranks tipping and oscilla- ting as if alive. Mrs. P. pressed it down firmly in order to keep it still, but could not. I asked it to move towards a lady who was sitting in the room, and after several at- tempts, it did so. The whole of these phenomena were ex- ceedingly curious. During the time the foregoing colloquy was taking place some strange sensations were experienced by myself, in my hands and arms. My right hand, and a portion of my right arm, became benumbed, and felt much pained, and both hands were occasionally pressed down on the table with great force. The influence seemed to pass from the elbows to the hands; and, obviously, it was through me that the table was caused to tip. The table tipped out the answers as long, as Mrs. P. and myself were seated at it and formed the circle, but, the moment my son touched the table, it ceased tipping and began to rap. He then formed a part of the circle, and the answers were afterwards given, partly by tips, but mostly by raps. The raps were quite distinct, and loud, and were made sometimes on the table, and sometimes on the back of the chair on which I was sitting, and sometimes on the back of Mrs. P's chair. I scarcely know on what theory a philosopher would attempt to account for these phenomena. The theory of muscular pressure unconsciously applied, assisted by any conceivable amount of influence from the imagination, would fail utterly as a means of explaining the raps, and likewise the tips, because both obviously belong to the same class of phenomena. Hence whatever theory we may adopt with a view of explaining one class of the facts must be broad enough to cover all the phenomena. As far as these phenomena enable me to judge the same agent that caused the table to tip also answered by raps, and confessedly the raps were beyond the reach of mere unconscious muscular pressure. At the next circle meeting we held there were four per- sons present, viz, the three persons mentioned as having been present at the previous circle meeting, and the writer's wife. The phenomena elicited were chiefly physical. It was at this meeting that I obtained the first satisfactory proof of the fact that a ponderable body can he moved with- out contact. I saw a small and very light table move three times at my request, as a proof and attestation of the pre- sence of a spirit. I asked the supposed ghost if it could satisfy my doubts by moving the table when all our hands were off, and was told by the raps that it could and would do so. I then asked it to move the table, and the table moved about 6 or 7 inches; I asked it to move the table again, and the table was moved back into its former position; I asked it to move the table a third time, and the table was moved a third time over a lesser distance. We ail saw this. Every hand was held fully a foot above the table. There was no Signor Blitz, or Robert Houdin present to impose on us. All the persons in the apartment were incapable of practising a deception morally, and still more so physically. It could not have been an optical illu- sion, because three other persons saw it as well as myself. Now is there on record any analogous case of collective hallucination. The fact, therefore, remains evident, to us at least, that a ponderable body was moved by an invisible power, at the request of a man, and in attestation of the real presence of what purported to be a spirit. And if every man could have the same evidence that we then had of the realness of the movement, all doubt on the point would be for ever set aside. A circle consisting of three persons, the writer being one of them, was formed at my house in Wollongong, on the evening of December the 11th, 1862. Having laid our hands upon a tolerably large rectangular dining table, we soon heard various cricks apparently in the wood of the table, and raps on the backs of the chairs on which we were sitting; and we also observed the table to move slightly. These physical manifestations were not considered by us sufficiently demonstrative, and hence we set the large table aside, and re-formed the circle round a much smaller table, and one that admitted of being tipped and moved with much smaller degree of force. Our object in doing this was to see whether or not the spirit could move the small table more readily than it could the large one. Upon proposing the question--is there a spirit present,-- the table tipped up very strongly in the affirmative. We then said spell out a word which wiil convey to our minds an idea of the cause of our want of success with the large table. The words, "keep dark," were then slowly spelled out. Ono of the persons present suggested that these words "keep dark" meant that we were to keep the fact dark, or secret. Another person observed, that the spirit probably meant that the room ought to be darkened, and hence wished us to understand that light had interfered with our success. Upon asking the communicating agent if the latter inter- pretation of the words was the right one, a very strong tip responded in the affirmative. Accord- ingly we set the small table aside, darkened the room, shut the door, and placed our hands upon the large table again. We had no sooner done this than the table began to be very strangely agitated, and was moved in such a marked manner, as to convince us all that the movements of it were effected by a force, or power, distinct from any sort of mere muscular pressure. The table vibrated evidently beneath our hands, and was pulled with great force in different directions, the movements of it forming either affirmative or negative responses to the question proposed to it. There could be no mistake about these movements, as they were marked, emphatic, and demon- strative, and sufficient to convince us that they were of supramundane origin. In reply to questions put in various ways,--sometimes as questions answerable by yes or no, and sometimes as questions answerable only through the alphabet, we received the following communication:-- My name is George Dunn. I am related to Mr. W------, in a general way, that is, I am his brother in the sense in which all men are brothers. I entered the spirit land at Bathurst, in Australia, in the year 1852. I had no trade or profession during my earth life, but was a loafer. I am happy. The condition or state I am in is one of hap- piness. I have a body, but it is spiritual. If people knew all, they need not be afraid of death. I can see down the South Coast. I can see the steamer bringing the English news. She is not far off. The English mail steamer is at Kangaroo Island. The steamer bringing the English news is not six hours distance from Glenelg now, (somewhere between 9 and 11 p.m., on the night of December 11th 1862), she will be at Glenelg before another day has elapsed. You will get a telegram of English news in Wollongong to-morrow (that is, December 12.) I can tell you some items of the news. In the obituary there will be the Duke of Dash--I cannot see the word clearly, but dash is right. There will also be a medical man of eminence in the obituary. In America success continues with the Federals. We then brought in the light and the demonstrations though weakened still continued. The table moved more strangely when our hands were on it, than when they were off but it also moved unmistakeably without contact. Our arms also were moved, in various ways, by some strange force, certainly not a normal one. My own arm was pulled or rather drawn away from the table several times, and that too, with con- siderable force. Mr. W. also felt his arms moved by a force apparently foreign to his own volitions. When we were about to separate, we asked the spirit to bid us good night in some way that we should understand, and straight- way the table was pushed towards one of us, then towards another, and lastly towards the third. The writer then said, we are much obliged to you, good night, old fellow, upon which the end of the table tipped up very quickly in reply, and the seance was at an end. This last tip of the table was almost as demonstrative as any of the preceding manifestations, because, from the position we were in at the moment, it was physically impossible for us to have pressed or pulled the table so as to cause it to tip. Had our hands been endowed with attractive energy, they might have pulled the table up after them, but in no other way could they have caused the table to tip. During these experiments, the weather was dry, and warm. On the following day a southerly wind sprung up. One of the members of the circle had injured one of his eyes shortly before the seance began, and, as the injured eye was a little painful, he was prevented by it from paying close attention to what was taking place in the room. Was the darkness suggested by the spirit in order to remove the painful effect of the light, or was it suggested because of other reasons? Two of the persons in the circle were in a rollicking fro- licsome mood, and the third was not particularly serious. Was this the reason why the spirit of a practical joker com- municated? Is it a law in the spiritual world that like is attracted to like? The spelling of the words kep dark is evidently the spelling of an uneducated man, but certainly not the spelling of any of the members of the circle. If their brains had been spelling out odylically and automat- ically, sentences previously drilled into them, they would have spelled the words correctly. Here is a fact which goes through Mr. Roger's odylic theory, leaving an unpatchable rent behind it. About 8 o'clock, on the evening of the 11th of Decem- ber, the night on which the seance was held the writer and another gentleman called at the Telegraph Office, Wollon- gong, and through the courtesy of the station-master, in- quested of the Sydney station, had the mail steamer arrived, receiving a reply to the effect that no intelligence of her had then reached Sydney. On the following morning, the Illawarra Express newspaper, issued an extraordinary, in which it was stated that the Mail Steamer Balclutha, with English news on board, had reached Adelaide at one o'clock that morning. This was certainly within the six hours mentioned by the spirit, but still there was an apparent discrepancy, viz., the spirit had stated she would reach Glenelg, and the telegraph said she had arrived at Adelaide. In the afternoon of the 12th inst., we received The Sydney Morning Herald of that date, from which I clip the following paragraph:--"The Balclutha, with the Adelaide portion of the English mail, arrived at Glenelg Pier, at 1 a m. this morning, having made the passage in 100 hours." So the Spirit was right after all, and had fairly beaten the telegraph, conveying the news of the arrival of the mail, fully three hours before it had reached Sydney, and fully ten or eleven hours before it reached Wollongong. All, therefore, which had been predicted respecting the arrival of the mail, was correct. The Balclutha, branch steamer, with the transhipped mails on board, must have been less than six hours distant from Glenelg at the time that the spirit gave information to that effect. We did receive a telegram of English news before the lapse of a day from the time of the seance, and the news reached Glenelg, before the lapse of a day also. In America, too, success continued with the Federals, and a doctor of great eminence namely, Sir Benjamin Brodie, was mentioned in the Obituary. The Duke of Dash------ whose name the Spirit said was in the Obituary, I could not hear anything about, and hence I have reason to believe and am willing to admit that in reference to that matter the spirit told a falsehood. On the 13th of December, 1862, a circle consisting of three persons was formed at my house in Wollongong. We soon obtained manifestations of spirit presence and power. The spirit present purported to be that of George Dunn. I told him that at the previous circle-meeting, he had de- ceived us by leading us to believe that the name of the Duke of Dash----- would be in the obituary of the English news, then on its way to the shores of Australia, and asked him to spell out a word adapted to convey to our minds an idea or the reason which had induced him to deceive us. The alphabet was then called over and the table tipped out JOEK. One of the members bf the circle suggested that as the com- municating agent was the spirit of an ignorant loafer, the letters J-O-E-K constituted its method of spelling the word Joke, and, upon putting the question whether or not Joke was the word intended, a response in the affirmative was given in a very marked and decided manner. During a subsequent part of the evening, when the same spirit pur- ported to be present, we asked it to give us the initial of the word it had spelled, namely the word Joke, and, upon going over the alphabet, the table tipped very strangely at F. Of course, F was not the initial letter of Joke, and hence in order to ascertain what was meant by F, we, asked the spirit to complete the word, and thereafter it very decidedly spelled out FROLIC. Two of the members ot the circle thought, when the letter F was tipped at, that the word would be fun instead of which it was a different word hav- ing a cognate meaning. Could anything have demon- strated more clearly the presence of a selecting agent, dis- tinct from anything like automatic action of the brains of the persons round the table? Expectant attention could not have been the cause of the spelling of the word "FROLIC," because the word fun was expected, and not the word frolic. Clearly there must have been a thinking agent present, capable of giving intelligent answers to the questions that were proposed to it. (To be continued.) 