THE NAGGLETONS ON PLEASURE BENT. [From Punck.] The distinguished Couple are in their Carriage (well, a hired Fly is a Carriage ask the Tax People whether it isn't), and on their way to Vovent Garden Theatre, to hear Mr. Balfe's new Opera, "The Armonrerof Nantes." Mr. Kaggleton—Ah, old lady, we didn't get along , ao Cast as this the last time -a. were here. Mrs. Kaggleton—Are yon addressing me? Mr.N.—Why, who else? Is there s ghost in the carriage, or any other third person singular t Mrs. N.—l thought yoa might be speaking to the apple-woman by the lamp-post—you sure fond of talking to the lower orders. Perhaps yoa will draw up the window. Mr. N. (obeying) —I meant, ns yon know rory weU, on tbe Illumination Night. Mrs. N. —If I am to base anything like ? pliasanl evening, do not revive the recollection of that night. I wonder that you are not ashamed to do eo. Mr. N.—Wonder is a vulgar feeling for eo highly genteel a nature as yours, my dear ; especially arhen there's nothing to wonder at. lam not ashamed at all, do you know ? Mrs. N.—Very well; drop the subject. Mr. N.—Confound your petulance, Maria. I bear a good deal from yon, because I can make allowance fbr your being—for yonr not being an over-wise woman; but, by Jove, you turn the screw'too hard sometimes. Mrs. N.—Abuse, oath, insul.vulgarity, in a breath. Say what you please to me, Henry, you know I am helpless. Mr. N.—l know nothing of the kind; and I don't know anybody who can help h?i*Alf better. But I didn't mean to hurt your feeUngs. There ! Mrs. __.—lt is too late in life for you to make a pretence of caring for my feelings, Henry. You never did; and the affectation is now more painful than the reality. Does Miss Pyne sing in **?**? opera? Mr. __.—¥e_, Bplendiferously. Mrs. N.—You have beard it, then ? Mr. N.—Now, how should I hear it ? v You know where I have been every night since it came out. Mrs. N.—l know what you have told me of yonr movements, but a man who is eo engaged in business of importance might forget a trifle like going to the j Opera. Mr. N.—Do I ever go to the Theatre without you? Mrs. N.—l know not. Your conscience can best answer you. Mr. N.—Now PH bet a guinea that some of yonr mischief-making, gossipping friends have been invent ing some story about me. Out with it. Mrs. N.—Your irritation is strange, supposing that there ore no grounds for any accusation. And I have made none. But having attacked me, you are glad of an excuse to turn npon my friends. Mr. N.—A wife's friends should be her husband's. Mrs. N.—Not wheal a husband chooses—l will not say unworthy ones, but friinds of n class to which she has not been accustomed. Mr. N.—That's* cot at the poor "Flips." Fm sure one of 'em did you good service on tbe Hlnnu natiou Eight, and got ns out of the block, when yonr genteel Mr. Snot_h__y eat in the comer as stupid as an owl and as savage as a bear. Mrs. N.—The noise and violence of the lower orders were new to Mr. Snotchley, and produced a natural effect npon him, but he never forgot him self. Mr. N.—No, that's true, he "remembered nobody else, and walked into the sherry as if it was his own. Bnt that's nothing. I only eay that * "Flip" was very useful. Mr.. N.—You mean that strange looking person in the Scotch bonnet. I was really ashamed of yon, letting him lean upon the carriage door, and giving him wine and a cigar. Mi*. TS. —Woman is incapable of gratitude, we know, but this is monstrous. Didn't be earn the eixpenn'orth of sherry by what he did arith the policeman ? Mrs. N. —He was vulgarly fcn*_li?. with the man, and compromised ns all. Mr. __. —Didn't he get the carriage moved, I ask you tfaat? Mrs. N.—l dare _ay it was just going to snove without his interference. Mr. N. —By Jove! We hsd been at that point for an hour and a quarter, and were told that tfae people before ns had been there Cor two hoars and a ____£, Mrs. N.—l hsve begged you not to neai that night. Do you think that I shall ever forget that period of block, snd your conduct, before the children, too? Mr. N.—What "do you mean by conduct? It was a long spell, and I did what I could to amuse yon all. Mrs. N.—Yon must have a strange opinion of me, or of Mr. Snotchley, to think that we oonld be amused by your exchanging vulgarities with tbe police-constables, or telling them that Mr. Snotchley was a wretched pugilist. Mr. N.—Ha! ha ! I said just the reverse. I said he was Tom King, who was inclined to punch aH their heads for not making way for ns. Why, old Snotchley himself grinned at that, and but for yon and gentility would have humored the joke. Mrs. N.—l will take care how I expose him again to] such coarseness. Mr. N. —Well, as we shan't have another Prince of Wales's wedding ai present, he is tolerably safe. He did not offer to share the price of the carriage, though he started the idea of our having one. Mra. M_—Yon could not have been so mean as to accept it. if he had. Mr. N.—-I don't know that. Anyhow, be might have tried. Mrs. N. —My dear Henry, your commercisl habits prevent your appreciating the subtle delicacy of a trae gentleman's nature. Mr. N.—May ba eo, and if e my misfortune that such 6ubtle delicacy looks to me uncommonly like selfish ehabbiness. However, a carriage won't ruin us. Mrs. 3*.—l wss told yesterday tbst it would. Mr. N.—Who by? Mrs. N. —You mean by whom ? By yourself. To be sure the carriage then spoken of was Cor your wife's health and pleasure, not for your own amuse ment. Mr. N.—Oh, sh! Yes, when Mother Baltimo had been riling you with the eight of her glaring brougham, and working you op to believing the world would be at an end if you didn't get on wheels. That's another pair of—another pair of horses. No, my dear Maria, this particularly comfortable and easy going vehicle does quite well for ns, and is much better than taking our own carriage to theatres and so on. "We Fly by night," as the song says. Mrs. N.—l have heard my onde say that stinginess and vulgarity were born twins. Mr. N.—And he wss an authority npon questions of birth, that excellent and lamented aco— Mrs. N. (sternly.) Henry! Mr. N. (cowed.) Accession to -___-_-_-to_r__*y of our pedigree. But that does not alter the fact that we do not want any other carriage than that which Mr. ?Tobling is kind enough to hsve ready for ns at any hour on demand, at the place inscribed Berkley Mews, which always reads to me like a statement about a cat. Mrs. If. I have no patience with such puerile trash. At your age you might leave off trying to make miserable jokes. Giggling and grey hairs don't go well together. Mr. N. (enraged.) Grey hairs yourself—what do you mean by that, Maria * I've heard one or tiro things of that kind from you, and I rather recommend you to discontinue the series. Mrs. N., (comforted and rewarded.) —My dear Henry, you ehould never lose your temper, especially | when you are going out for an evening's pleasure; but rather be thankful that yon are still able to bear the fatigue of coming to the Opera, and that your hearing still enables you to know what is going on. I Mr. N., sjrecovering.)—Overdone, my dear; over done. A woman should let bad alone. When yon show that yon mean to wound yon break the point of tfae weapon. < Mrs. N. —Did you hear that weapon speech when I you heard tbe " Armourer of Nantes," dear P Hr. N.—Very well, Maria. As +<**'*-g yon the truth on all occasions is so repaid, I will be more sparing of it in future. Mrs. N. (laughing.)—My dear Henry, are yon going to carry stinginess into every department. Poor me! But here we are. (They are under the portico.) \- Mr. N. (calls to Coachman.) —Go on, can't you? The next door. Mrs. N. — Do not be so violent, dear. He knows his place. The principal door is for carriage people. The side-doors are good enough for cabs and flies. Mr. N. (handing his wife out.) —Take care. Mrs. N. (sweetly.)—O, never mind if I get wet feet. We save expense you know. (They enter.) Mr. "ST.—Wet feet. You were under cover. Mrs. N. (as they a*cend the Grand Staircase.) — All right, dear. And it is very kind of you to come and be bored with a second hearing of the same opera, aad I wish you had let me bring Mr. Snotchley instead, as he understands music, and you don t but— [We leave them entering the crush-room. A correspondent at Kadina etates tliat the late showers that have fallen at and near Kadina and Mxxmta have caused the grass to spring up sufficiently to enable those flocks of sheep kept on what are termed " summer runs " to be removed to the winter stations. We learn that the infirm and sick aborigines living in the north of Yorke's Peninsula will ia future be, supplied with blankets, &c;, by Mr. Eyre, the Rauger of Crown Liads, Kadina, tbe Government having requested that officer to discharge the duly of dif ijibution, 