A HOLIDAY ARTICLE. tFrom Wednesday's Advertiser.] As we shall have little or no local politics this week, and as to-day is a holiday, we feel in clined to give the reins to imagination and digress into a new path, for the amusement of our readers. If they do not gain by what we supply, they certainly will not lose by what we omit. v . A short time back it was reported in Adelaide that a wealthy South Australian, now in Eng land, had sent out instructions to pay a certain sum of money to a lady, whom, on the authority of spiritual communication, the aforesaid gentle_ man ascertained to be in necessitous circum. stances. It is, however, rumoured that the spirit misinformed the gentleman on one point, — namely, in stating that the object of his in tended charity lived in Wales, whereas she lived aC the time, and had for years been living in South Australia. Another curious point, Which may be disposed of in Umine, i» that a charitably disposed gentleman re siding in England, should, whilst under the guidance of superior intelligences, so far forget the motto, ' Sis dot qui cito dat' as to send his donation to Wales via Adelaide, though as possibly all parts of the world, if not all parts of the universe, are alike accessible to spirits, the circuitous route might have been deemed immaterial. No doubt we shall soon be able to send bank drafts and money orders as well as other small parcels by spiritual media ; and as the speed of electricity is inactivity itself, compared with the rapidity of spiritual transmissions, it will be a matter of perfect indifference whether messages are dispatched as the crow flies or along the winding path of the most eccentric comet that ever crossed the orbit of Earth. It would be strange indeed if amongst the numerous visitors from South Australia to England some few did not become converted to spiritualism ; though we should thiuk it still more strange if the majority did not remain un believers. But we labour under disadvantages ; no missionary 'spirit' haa yet visited us. Probably by-and-bye a Preternatural Professor may find his way hither and announce seances in Adelaide alternately with other and more common entertainments at Aldridge's and the theatre. For the present, however, we must satisfy ourselves with the few gleams of light that emanate from the other hemisphere, and if our readers are inclined to listen we will recite a few of the newest stories, adopting for our prin cipal authority that very respectable and enlightened print— the London Spectator. The firat number we take up contains an article headed ' Ghosts Photographed Gratis.' Of course on reading the title we supposed that the photographs were metaphorical ones, pictures that appealed to ' the mind's eye' only. W e imagined that the writer of the article was some stubborn sceptic about to give a ' vivesection ' of ghosts in the same sense that Mr. Kingslake is said to have given in his recent book on the Crimea,, a 'vivesection' of Louis Napoleon. But — nothing of the kind. The process is chemical, not intellectual; the portraits are produced by nitrate of silver, not by pen and ink ; the pictures are really photographic like nesses of those impalpable existences, who as the poet says — ' Walk the earth unseen, Both ?when we sleep and when we wake.' There is, however, this difference between the poet's ' spirits ' and the modern spiritualists, that whereas the poet's ghosts ' walked the earth unseen,' those who now mix themselves up with mortals stay to have their likenesses taken after they have kicked over our chairs and tables, and caused the diningroom furniture to dance Scotch reels and sailor's hornpipes on airy nothing, eighteen inches below the ceiling ! America seems to be a wonderful place for ghosts, as indeed it is for everything else, from thunder to tobacco-juice j from rivers to pump, kins. An American philosopher asserts that the reason why his countrymen cau see further into the spirit-world than the people of other lands is because the ' telluric conditions' of the American continent are more favorable to premihent wakefulness. 'The Americans are on the verge of discovering a chemical test for ghosts, and have discovered a chemical means of identifying them.' We confess we do not very clearly understand the- distinction between the ghost- test, which the Americans are on 'the verge' of discovering, and the chemical means of identification which they 'have' discovered already. Perhaps some one who is, or who knows a ' medium, will enlighten us. ' It is discovered,' says Mr. Win, H. Mumler, of Boston, ' that ghosts, under supplementary mag netic conditions, affect nitrate of silver even when they are invisible to the naked eye. We have before us (says the Spectator) English photographic copies of these first products of Mr. Mumler's spiritual art, the photographs of Thebe Ghosts! Now, as Mr. William H. Mumler is not him self a myth, nor a ghost, but a veritable Yankee ; and as there are many Mumlerites who (it is said) really believe that he has such an affinity with ghosts as to be enabled to dis possess himself of them (although it appears they are most obedient to his bidding), w may as well quote the Spectator's resume of the origin of this remarkable discovery, or inven tion, or whatever else it maybe called, spirito logically : — ' Mr. William H. Mumler ia a powerful ? medium,' being a rich reservoir of Od fores. (' Od ' is only spelt with one 'd,' though some people may think that very o double A.) Late last yeir he was taking a photograph of himsjf — a very good one now before us-r-wheu to his great astonishment, on 'developing' the picture, he perceived in the chair on which his hand had been loaning another figure not visibly with him when he was operating. He recognised her as a deceased rela tive of his own, who died at about twelve or fourteen years of age, which age she still appears to retain. The picture is faint and hazy, just like that of children who move during tbe process, dressed in ordinary English C3Stume, the hair carefully parted and well brushed, the left arm transparent, eo that the chair shows through, while a circular sort of halo encompasses the ghost. When the news transpired that a ghost had sat (gratui tously, of course} there was a rush to Mr. Mumler. It is found that most persons sinca pourtr&yed; by this powerful medium had a ghost at their side, generally of a deceased relative or friend. One old gentleman now before us, Mr.~ Luther Parks, of Boston, has at his side, but floating in the air on a level with his shoulder, a wreath of vapour, some thing resembling a female figure with, a garland of flowers slightly raised above her head. She stretches forth a vapoury arm towards Mr. Luther Parks ; but the curtain is visible through her at every point, it is said, in the original ; the London copy makes the vapour more substantial. In the portrait ot Mr. Mvin Adams, 'the great express-agent of America,' the figure by his side is a ' eood likeness' of a nephew who died a tew years ago. Tne gnost is sitting not on a chair, but beside it, — probably not needing the sup port, and]sitting only dramatically, he had missed his aim, ? and is reading a book open iu his hands. A lengthy communication from a very dull departed spirit in Another page of the Spiritual Magazine informs us that he has access to a library in the spiritual world, which it must be very cheering to Messrs. Longman and Murray to know: unfortunately, he gives us no idea of tha catalogue. Of course, Mr. Mumler is besieged not merely by sitters, but, unfortunately also by 'investigators.' ' Ever since I have com menced taking these pictures,' he writes, 'I bave been constantly dogged forward and backward from my camera to my closet by investigators, till I have become 'sick of the name.' He has, however, given a few photographers leave to inquire carefully, and we. bave a certain photographic artist, Mr. William Guay, who was deputed to inquire by Messrs. Davis, the proprietors of the Herald of Progress, and a certain Dr. H. T. Child, of Philadelphia (evidently a strong- spiritualist originally), reporting strongly in favor of the ghost portraits. The American Photographic Society, meet ing in New York, had resolved, indeed, that the ' spiritual likenesses are a fraud and a gross deception,' and the Evening Post had erpressed the same opinion, —still as this was the opinion of prejudgment, not of inquiry. Dr. Child and Mr. Guay attach no value to it, and believe. One of the ghosts thus photographed is the statesman Daniel Webster, and bears 'aclose resemblance to portraits painted in the latter portion of his lifo- timo, the sunken cheeks particularly. The top of the head is bald, with the hair combed up from each side ; — the ex pression of the features is very grave and solemn. The dress is not distinct, but, bo far as it can be perceived, is unlike anything in tbe painted or engraved portraits ; but slightly resembles the costume on tha Washington statue in the State House.' The sitters appear some times to determine their own ghost, sometimes to be disappointed by getting one they don't want. A gentle man from Illinois gave a broad hint ; he insisted on sitting with his rigat hand held up as if holding some thing Mr. Mumler expostulated at th » awkwardness of the attitude. ' No matter,' he said, 'take it so.' When the plate was developed a child appeared sitting on the arm, with its head against the sitters shoulder. Finally, it '8 stated that two other 'Mediumistic* photographers have developed the same power, — one au orthodox Roxburg artist, who, when he heard they were called spint-piotureg, 'refused to bave any more pictures made that bore the second figure,' — which seems to imply that the artists controls the gho3ts, and warns trespassers peremptorily off the nitrate of silver. But a young man in his em ploy, who had seen themmade,appears curiously enough to have had (or learned?) the mediumistic secret, and has photographed Dr Child and Mr. Robert Dale Owen on the ely°each with a ghost to himself beside him. It is only neoesaary to add that Miss CoggswelL five years ago, « in the very room where Mr. Mumler now operates, had the loUomng appear on her arm: — 'In five years spirit-pictures will be made in thia room.* Dr. Child says : ? ' My guardians told me two years since in a communication to Mr. Robert^ Dale Owen, that spirit photographs would be taken jost as they are at this day. And, by a large number of mediums, far and near, the same thing has been foretold. It is clear, therefore. tha{ ipiritual prompters have pared the -way for this discovery. Mr. Mumler was bound to fulfil the prophecy.' Wo doubt in this age of disbelief there are people who will not believe in Mumler, nor in ' Od ' force, nor in the ghosts who are so vain as to come and sit for their portraits ; but we shall not reason with such sceptics. In reply to them we produce our Mumler ! Nor is he alone in the field. Mr. David Douglas Home has lately written a book (published by Longman), entitled ' Incidents in My Life,' and if Mr. Home haa not photographed spirits it mast be either because he did not know how to photograph anything, or that he had no apparatus. Spirits would visit him, talk to him, pat him on the head, take his hands in theirs, and even put rings upon his wife's finger. Here's a case in point, and proof conclusive : — 'On the 3rd of April, 1850, I had baen with some friends to a lecture given iu St. John's Wood, by M. Louis B!aac, ' On the Mysterious Persons and Agencies in Prance towards the End of the Eighteenth Gentury.* His lecture was a good deal occupied with Cagliostro, and during the -time he was speaking;, I had the strongest impre.-sion of the presence of Cagliestro, and thejjlady who was sitting next me was also aware of some strong spirit presence by having her dress pulled, and by other manifestations. 'On returning home, I found that my wife had retired earlier than usual in consequence of a severe headache. In course of conversation together, she having asked how I had liked the lecture, 1 said, ' f have been haunted all the evening by Cagliostro,' on which she exclaimed, ' Pray do not use the word haunted, it sounds so weird-like, aad quite frightens me.' I had by this time extinguished the light, and was now in bed, when to my amazement the room became as light as if the sun had for an instant shone fully in at the window. Thinking that this effect might have been only on my spiritual perception, I said, ' Sacha, did you see any tbing?' Her reply was, 'No, nor could I, for my face was quite buried in my pHlow, the pain in my head is so intense.' I asked her to observs, and I then mentally asked that if the light had been external it might be reproduced. Almo3t simultaneously with the thought came the light again, so distinct, and with such bril liancy, that°no noon-day was ever brighter. My wife asked if this was the spirit of Cagliostro, and the affir mative reply was inatantly given by three' flashes of light, so vivid aa almost to be blinding and painful to the sight. Answers were given to various questions in the same wonderful manner, and then, in answer to a question asked, came a musical tinkle as if a silver bell had been touched directly over onr heads. In this way our farther answers were now given, and we then heard a footstep on the floor, falling so gently as if it feared to disturb us by its approach. My wife asked that it should coma nearer, and it approached^ us till we felt a form leaning over the bed. In doing this, it pressed upon the bedclothes just as an actual mate rial presence would itave done. We asked him if he had been a medium when on earth, and a distinct voice, audible to both of us, said in answer, ' My power was that rfamesmerist, but all-misunderstood by those about me ; my biographers have even done me injustice, but I care not for the untruths of earth.' Both my wife and myself were by this time so impressed by such startling and almost terribly real evidence of the presence of one who was in no way related to us, that for a few mo ments all power of utterance seemed to have left us. We were, however, soon l-ecalled to ourselves by a hand being placed on our heads, and she, seizing my. hands in hers, held them up, saving, * Dear spirit, will you ba one of my guardian angels — watch over me with my father, teach me what you would have me to do, and make me thankful to God for all his mercies V Our hands were clasped by a hand, and her left hand was gently separated from mine, and a ring, which was the signe -ring of my father-in-law was placed on her tbi d finger. This ring was previously in the room, but at a distance of at least twelve feet from where the bed stood. '.Goo I night, dear cues, and God bless Tyou was then audibly spoken, and simultaneously with the sound eamo throe wafts of perfume, so delicious that we both exclaimed, * How truly wonderful '. ' ' We must plead to some little trepidation in venturing an opinion on their ghostships, for — we perceive — that offended ghosfcs, if they do not copy offended subscribers and ' stop their paper,' may, nevertheless, inflict serious injury on an obnoxious publication. We quote the following from Mr. Home's book : — 'Jan. 29th, — A. seance of eight persons. We had amused ourselves during the time with the article, 'Spirit-rapping Made £a3y,'m the magazine Once a Week, which we left on the chiffonnier.- I saw some thing pass from the side of the room with great velocity, which vanished under the table. A curious noise was heard like the crumpling of paper, a spiritual hand arose, appeared, and placed in the medium's hand a sheet of Once a Week, crumpled up and torn. The spirits were at work destroying the magazine— they rubbed it strongly over Mr. Home's shoe, and then placed hisfoofc upon it. The spirits gave each person a bit of the mangled magazine, and the remainder was raised up by a large spirit hand, and placed on a vacant chair, which by invisible power had a short time before been moved from a distance to the table.' It has often been remarked as a curious fact that modern spirit manifestations are rarely accompanied by any important statement or disclosure ; in fact, that they seem to be utterly without an object, or identified with the most frivolous levity. For a spirit to come from the unseen world to tie a knot^n your handkerchief, to tread on your toes, to pinch your knee, to tip up our chair, to play tricks with the table, to rap at doors, and shuffle in dark corners — certainly seems rather infra dig., and betrays what in these stern days might be regarded as a rollicking, romping disposition which ' spirits' ought to ashamed of. But it is easy to see that the error lies in the severity of the age ; the spirits are quite correct. Then, again, Sp. Cagliostro was not at all flippant, though we should ; not be surprised if disaffected people were tosay thateminent ghosthad wandered from Hades without ' a mission.' He ' had been a mesmerist,' and ' his biographers had done him injustice, but — 3aid his ghostship — ' J care not for tlw untruths of earth.' Then why revisit this world at all ? Such is the question that, possibly, may be asked; but the enquiry is clearly irreverent and impertinent. It is no doubt (from one point ~of ;view) un dignified for beatified spirits to come to earth to play tricks for which boys at school have got floggings ; but what census collector can take the age of a spirit, and who shall say'that the romping spirits are not spirits in their juvenile character and development P As man, corpo real, is first infant, thea child, then, man, and as in each stage of existence he has his appro priate sphere of intellectual and spiritual action, why, we ask, should not spirits in their incor poreal manifestations pass through correspond ing stages of development? We maintain that they do, and that if- is as proper for a juvenile spirit to tip over chairs and tables as for a mature spirit to drink the cognac which we are assured was drunk by some spirits in the Chateau de C ? , near Paris, or'Jor another (of course of full maturity) 'to absorb Lager beer in the old German castle. It is, however, a more serious matter when spirits are found tripping as to dates and facts, as Mr. Home's spirit (a full-grown one) appears to have done, if we may judge from the follow ing passage from the Spectator : — And first two preliminary criticisms. May we ask Mr. Home how it happens that the Crimean war ap pears to hava been in progress early in 1858, or at the very end of 1857 ? Mr. Home mentions an incident which occurred to him at Paris, in an hotel on the Boulevarde des Italiens at that date. ' I was introduced to a family consisting of Mr. H., his wife, and their two sous, both, of whom were at that time in. the English, army and had just returned from the Crimean cam paign.' The spirit of a gentleman calling himself Grejoire, 'an officer in the Frenrih army in the Crimea,' whom the two Englishmen 'had just then left suffering uudev a slight wound, but so slight that it gave no apprehensions of an unfavorable kind,' in timated through Mr. Home in the Boulevarde des Italiens 'that he had just passed from earth, 'giving the time of his departure,' — a statement which, is subsequently substantiated by 'inquiries in the Crimea.' 'In every detail they were informed the spirit was correct.' (123-124). Now the peace of Paris was signed in May, 1856 ; and at the end of 1857, or beginning of 1853, such a story is impossible, unless the spirits ^have power to alter the dates of past events. Neither does there appear to be any date at which the event could, according to Mr. Home's narrative, have happened, if it were really con nected with the Crimean War. Mr. Home tells us that he sailed from Boston for Europe on the 31&t; March, 1855\. He stayed in England till the autumn, when he tells us that he left for Florence — apparently without any stay in France. 'In June, 1856,' he says, 'I went to Paris,' i.e.. after the peace, and moreover, this was the year in which Mr. Home's power as a medium ceased ; it was 'entirely suspended/ he tolls us, from the 10th February, 1856, to 10th February. 1857. Now M. Gregoire's communication concerning his own de cease was certainly one ot the regular communications made through Mr. Home as a medium, and is dated by himself in 1857 er 1858. This historic doubt deserves some notice from Mr. Home.' What Mr. Mumler does by means of the 'Od' force, Mr. Home does through the 'atmosphere of the medium.' We subjoin another extract : — ?'Mr. Home's physical orrganisation, it appears like that of all other mediums, pro-vides spirits who ate always around us with some element absolutely neces sary to them in order to manifest themselves at all to us. What this element is, remains still a problem. There is but one gleam of light upen it. Mr. Home's little boy, we are told, is also a medium. One evienng when it wag about six months old, and lying asleep with its mother and nurse, the accustomed raps ware heard, in Mr. Home's absence, all about the room. ' My wife asked who the medium was upon the occasion, and the reply was given t 'at it was the sleeping child. It was further said that they had the power to manifest through him, but that they would not, as the atmosphere they madeuseof was neces;aryfor his physical development ia the natural world. This disinterested self-re -.traint of the spirits was only once subsequently broken through when the child's bed took to oscillating, greatly to his terror. The spirits, however, iu that case apologised elaborately. They had done it.quite unintentionally — in a parliamen tary sense in fact; and of course the apology was accepted. Indeed, there appears as yet to be no way of calling a mischievous spirit to account ; that, too, is a matter for further development. However this ' atmos phere of the medium,' whatever that is (a spirit in the Spiritual Magazine, perhaps a wag, said that some crayons and lead pencils were hidden in it for 48 hours), is the plastic material by which the spirits communicate. The elementary stage, equivalent to the pothooks and hieroglyphs of early literatures, is mere noise.^ _ The spirits cau turn the ' atmosphere of the medium' into a source of vibrations on the ear much more easily than into anything else. Spirits can rap with ease in an 'atmosphere'^ in which they could not tip a table ; they can tip a table when they could not float a table ; they cau fioata table when they cannot float the medium. They can even float the medium when they cannot float anybody else. We write under correction, but after careful study of the subject ; and we should suggest that spirit mediums might be examined and classed according to their proficiency in the following feats. PASS-EXiMlNATION FOB LOW-OLASS MEDIUMS. 1\. In the power to enable raps. 2\. Power to enable tables to tip on one leg without disarranging articles upon it. 3\. Power to enable spirits to flip on the knee and all parts below the table. 4; Power enabling the table to rise in the air. 5\. Power to enable spirits ta make brief ill-spelt com munications by raps. PASS FOB HIOHEB CLASS MEDIUMS. 1\. Power to effect brief well-spelt communications. 2\. Power to enable chairs to move freely as well as tables. 4\. Power to enable spirits to flip on the shoulder and all parts above the table. 5\. Power to knot handkerchiefs beneath the table. 6\. Power to drive handkerchiefs and inexpensive mis siles about the room and play accordions. EXAMINATION FOR HONORS. In the power eaablin? the spirits to create phospho rescent hands and arms in a dark room In the power enabling the spirits to float the medium m the air in a dark room. En the power enabling ike spirits to prescribe for sick people.' All we would ask, in conclusion, is — why should we, whilst such great and glorious themes as these are engaging the attention of Europe and America, be put off in South Aus tralia with lectures upon 'beefsteak paddings and apple-dumplings ?' Surely we are at the Antipodes ! 