LITERARY GOSSIP. The Paris correspondent of a London paper an nonnces that M. Alexandra Dumas is about to pro duce a metrical version of ' Romeo and Juliet.' Messrs Chapman and Hall announce a new work in prose by Mr Owen Meredith: 'The King of Amasis ;' also Mr T. A. Trollopo's new novel of 'Giulio Malalcsln.' Rumor states that tho sensational novels, with which Miss Braddon has turned the heads of the public, aro becoming a miuo of wealth ; the clever lady having realised something over £8000 within the last twelvo months. A Life of M. Victor Hugo, understood to be from the pen of Madame Hugo, will be shortly published in London and Brussels. Tho work, it is said, will contain a drama and many other unpublished works of tho poet. The Court Journal says Mr Anthony Trollope was offered £2000 a year for iu-o years, if ho would lend his nomo as editor to a magazine, without hav ing tho labor of being tho acting editor ; but Mr Trollopo declined on account of his alrcadj- having as much on his hands as he can well attend to. Mrs Edwin James (tho wife of tho notorious Q, C), has written a book, entitled ' The Wanderings of a Beauty,' which has been published in Eng land. It is likely to command a very large sale in England, as well as in the 'adoptod country' of Mr Edwin James. Guiccioli (Byron's old flame), it is said, is writing tho poet's life. It will bo curious to see that checkered career from such a stand-point of view. A contemporary says of Guiccioli — 'She is sixty years old, wears a flaxen wig, false teeth and rouge, is a married woman, aud is vuin enough to believe she is still handsome.' The Ease, the Shamrock, and the Thistle Ma gazine, printed in Edinburgh by women, has just issued tho first number of tho third volume. Tho work has been successful, and its increasing popularity has inspired tho proprietors with much confidence Tho magazino is ably edited, and has a staff of distinguished writers, who havo given it a high place in public estimation. The Header mentions that numerous revolutionary pamphlets, called ' Bulletins do l'Imprinierio do la LiborttS dans le Desert,' havo beon recently distri buted at Paris, Lyons, and other Fronch towns. The Imperial police, although malting tho greatest efforts to discover tho mysterious printing-office, havo never been able to get even a trace leading to it. It seems certain, howover, that tho press is hidden somewhere in Paris. A new work bj' M. Renan, entitled ' Tho Origin of Christianity,' is about to bo published in Paris. It was to havo been called ' Tho Lifo of Jesus,' but, from the well-known theological opinions of the author, it was thought that this titlo might give offence, and condemn tho book bofprehand. M. Reuan's volumo is looked for with considerable in terest and anxiety in the religious world of Paris. M. Proudhon's long announced pamphlet, ' Les DfimocrateB Assermentes,' has appeared. He re commends all electors to protest, by abstaining from voting, against the system pursued by tho Govern ment, and lays down that without tho freedom of the press, without tho right of meeting, with Govern ment interference, and with the oath imposed on tho candidate, tho elections aro but an empty for mality, and a mere pretenco of taking tho sense of the country. Professor Pepper's Ghost has been bought by Mr Fechter, and is to appear in ' Hamlet' and 'Mac- beth.' It is now throwing costermongers into fits at the Britannia Theatre, where it dogs the ruffian in the ' sensation' play, entitled ' The Widow and Orphans ; or, Faith, Hope and Charity.' It is as distinct and positive as roal flesh and blood. It opens its mouth, laughs, and is pierced in vain by swords. The Critic for May gives tho following amusing piece of gossip abont Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton : — ' One of tho latest pieces of intelligence from Nice is, that Sir E. B. Lytton nearly suffered death by incremation, from indulging in tho very injudicious habit of reading in bod. It appears that the Knight of Knebworth was refreshing his mind with a sensation novel before giving himself entirely to the rulo of Morpheus, when either the reading, or the situation of the heroine, bocamo too much for him, and he fell asleep. Tho consequence was a small conflagration, which had tho effect of seriously burning a part of the novel and more than half of the hon. baronet's whiskers. It is stated that when the danger was over, one of the chambermaids of tho inn rushed down stairs screaming, ' Oh ! mon Dieu ! lo grand autour Anglais a failli Otro brulo dans son lit — mais, il a perdu ses favoris.' The current number of tho Quarterly Review contains an article which tho admirers of sensation novel writing will do well to read. The great gun of Conservative literature has not fired off too soon its signal of warning, which the popularity of this ' monstrous growth' had necessitated. The 'sen- sation novel,' quitting the localities in which it was indigenous and perfectly natural — such as the columns of Reynold's Miscellany tho London Journal, and similar publications, now lifts up its head on high, and appears in the best of company, dressed in purple and fine linen. Tho writer in the Quarterly points out that, au fond, ' Aurora Floyd' is mado of tho samo stuff as tho most un wholesome garbage that cau be found in theso peri odicals. It is also shown that all tho most suc cessful of these sensational novels havo already passed through tho columns of a cheap and popular publication before making their appearance in all the glories of three volumes ; and, perhaps, tho most curious part of the article is a short statistical tabjo, showing iho prices at which these novels may bo obtained first of all, mixed up with a quantity of other matter in the periodical, and then their prices printed separately. In some cases the three volumes are charged at as many shillings as tho entire work with the other matter has cost pence in the periodical Bhape. In the course of tho year 18C2 literary inquirers attended at the Record Repository to make researches into tho public records 2148 times. Tho list of the subjects concerning which they consulted theso records is curious. It comprises: — Lifo of Sir Philip Sidney ; history of the Perrott family ; to make tracings of certain ancient maps of Ireland ; to inspect correspondence between England and the Low Countries in tho 16th century ; to collect materials for memoir of Jane Dormer, Duchess of Feria, wife of the Spanish ambassador in London, Henry VIII. to Elizabeth, and to take iniproasions of seals ; history of Anglesey and Beaumaris ; to inspect the minutes of Council and Assembly and the laws of Now York, for the New York Historical Society ; history of Willesden ; to inspect papers of commissioners for building churches, Anno ; history of gunpowder aud artillery ; to search for tho orders and decrees of Speaker Lentliu.ll ; history of the manners, ifec, of tho Welsh ; lives of Archbishop Usher and Bishop Bedell; researches respecting the Act of Uniformity, 1002 ; history of tho town and priory of Roystou ; to transcribe papers relating to Hungary; history of tho Nugent family; to see the grant of an alinshouse at Layer Mnrnor, by letters patent, 31, Elizabeth ; German history ; history of Essex ; inquiries respecting tho legal history of England ; lives of the Lord Mayors ; lifo of the Bishop of Exeter ; history of tho navy ; history of Lincolnshire families; history of tho English ca thedrals ; researches relating to tho rectory of- Bir mingham : littrarv Durooses connected with social science ; early history of Barbadoes ; flight of the Earls of Tyrone aud Tyrconnell, and researches re lating to the Roman Catholic Bishops of Ireland, Eliz ibeth, and James I. ; to take a pencil skotch of the seal attached to the surrender of Coggeshall Abbey ; history of Cork ; particulms relating to the river 'Humber, and places on its banks ; to collect materials for a history of the baronage ; history of the mililia ; history of commerce and navigation at Bordeaux ; literarj' papers connected with tho Isle of Man ; history of the town of Ivry, in Normandy ; researches relating to Shakspeare ; new edition of White's Selbourne ; history of the Channel Islands ; researches illustrative of political economy ; lifo of Sir James Graham ; history of the Baptists ; re searches into military history ; to examine letters of Bishop Hall ; history of tho office of Lord Great Chamberlain ; history of the Long family ; colouiul history ; to copy Irish papers of tho reign of Henry VIII. ; to inspect domestic papers, Charlos II. ; history of lace ; history of MoninouthsHre ; inter nal defence and the volunteer force ; to copy Irish papers ; parochial histories of Wilts. An office that can minister to so many wants must bo well worth its salt. A Pint of Water may be evaporated by two ounces of coals. In its evaporation it swellu into two hundred and sixteen gallons of steam, with a mechanical force sufficient to raise a weight of thirty-seven tons a foot high. The steam thus pro duced has a pressure equal to that of common at mospheric air ; and by allowing il to expand, by virtue of its elasticity, a further mechanical force may be obtained, at least equal in amount to the former. A pint of water, therefore, and two ounces of common coal, are thus rendered capable of doing as much work as is equivalent to seventy-four tons raised a foot high.— Scientific American. 