CASTLEMAINE, POLICE COURT. Monday, Sept. 28. (Before. Lieut. Col.-Bull, P.M.) Several drunkards were brought up and dealt with pro forma. Before hearing the summons cases, Mr Smyth made an application in re the case of Thomas v. Welsh, (for charging excessive Poundage damages) which was heard ex. parte on Friday. The' defendant 'now alleged that the .summons had, never been served upon him. It- appeared from the record of the Court that the summons had been served by a mounted trooper upon one Thomas Johnson, the defendant's servant, at his residence at Faraday. (The Bench did not enter- tain the objection raised. A Stolen PUMP.— John Price sued Albert Bottom, of Chewton, for illegally detaining a pump, value 30s. The defendant declared he had procured the pump from a Chinaman, who offered it for sale. The defendant replied that it had been stolen from him about the 10th insts,,and he could positively identify it by cer- tain marks. After hearing further evidence, His Worship, ordered the defendant to restore the pump to its rightful owner, and cautioned him against receiving pumps or any other stolen goods from vagrant Chinamen. This class of offence was becoming far too prevalent on Forest Creek and Chewton. Defendant was also ordered to pay 7s 6d costs. SUMMONS CASES. Robert Calder v B. Burnes — To recover £6 6s 2d for goods sold. The defendant not appear- ing, judgment went by default. Robert Jones v A. J. Jones— To recover £5 13s, for goods sold. Verdict for amount. The Court then adjourned. \-------------- New-Insolvent.— Henry Rule, Castlemaine, sign writer. Debts, £120 11s; assets, £25 15s; deficit, £94 16s. Causes of insolvency: Losses in mining speculations, depression of business and pressure of creditors. Official assignee, H. Shaw. Rating the Eureka. — The inhabitants of the Eureka reef havo been ' Somewhat disturbed by a visit from the rate collector of the Campbell s Creek Road Board, who, for the first time, has served them with a notice of assessment. The impression of the reefers appears to bo that the reef is situated on a piece of 'no man's ground,' between Castlemaine, Chewton, Fryers, and Camp- bell's Creek districts, and that the present action is taken by the Campbell's Creek Road Board to obtain the important item of thirty pounds a year additional to their funds. Be this as it may, it is the intention of the parties interested living on the Eureka to hold a meeting, and take legal opinion on the matter. Although opposing the Board, the reefers do not wish to evade their fair share of taxation, providing it it is paid to those most likely to advance their interests, which it is asserted the Campbell s Creek Board will not, as the formation of a road from the hill to Campbell's Creek would be no benefit, while a connection with Castlemaine or Chewton would secure what is really required. To attain this is the object of the meeting to be held. The Benevolent Asylum.— A paragraph in our last stated that u portion. of the funds of- this institution had been deposited in the "Bank of Australasia;" the word "Colonial" should have been prefixed. Castlemaine Savings' Bank. — The deposits at this bank for the week ending Saturday, Sep- tember 26) amounted to £600. The withdrawals for the week amounted to £261. Volunteer Parade.— A parade of the rifle corps will take place this evening.; - members to fall in on the Market-square' at h'alf-past seven.- After ' the; parade, the commanding officer will swear in members at the Bedford Hotel. We understood there are several effective riflemen who have not yet rejoined. It is to be hoped they will do so this evening. The Rev. J. Ewance, Baptist minister, met the members of the church and congregation of the Castlemaine Baptist Church, Templeton- street, at a social tea-meeting last evening. The i proceedings were of the usual character, _ and ; doubtless very grarityi'n'g to the, newly-appointed pastor. The Ghost Again.— Mr Merlin has resolved upon affording the" Castlemaine public another opportunity of seeing the now famous "Poly- technic Ghost." To-night it will appear in the hall of the' Mechanics' Institute. Mr Merlin has, we are informed, adopted this course in order to meet the wishes of a large class who find it inconvenient to visit the theatre. The spectres will be-introduced by-a' brief lecture on "Spiritualism," by Mr Merlin. Professor Schiller will-vary ;the evening's- entertainment by some of his best feats of legerdemain. We hope a full house will reward Mr Merlin for his enterprise. SUDDEN DEATH AT TARADALE.— Dr Preshaw, the coroner, held an inquest yesterday, at the Royal Mail Hotel, Taradale, on the body of Carl Adam, a miner on the Hanover Reef, who died on Sunday after a brief illness. The deceased was a native of Germany, 38 years of age, a single man, and had been in this colony about 15 years. The first Symptoms of cardiac 'disease camo oh a month ago, but only . became urgent at the end ofdast week. - Deceased's mutes wore - about to get 'him into the Castleinaine Hospital. Mr Atkin,' surgeon, made the post mortem exami- nation, and found the heart greatly enlarged, also the arch of the aorta. The jury returned a verdict of, Died from enlargement of the heart. The deceased owned the fourth of the Hanover Reef mine, , and -was an industrious and well-con ducted man. Valuation.— A correspondent some time ago drew attention to the fact that the Crown land on which Lieut. Col. Bull's residence stands was advertised for sale, without any valuation being placed on the buildings. In Friday's Gazette the error is repaired, the valuation being stated at £534 10s. The area of land included in the survey is 2r. 26p. The sale takes place on Nov. 6, when other camp lots, and land at Bullurook, will be put up. Title Deeds for the undermentioned per- sons lie at the Receipt and Pay Office, Cas- tlemaine — Adamson Alexander, Maldon ; Agel Robert, Maldon ; Armstrong Henry, Yan- doit ; Abbott Groves,. Castlemaine.; Allcorn Ed- ward, Castlemaine; Allen Charles, Castlemaine ; Allen William, Fryers ; Barry Thomas, Smea- ton ; Benham Spencer, Castlemaine; Bidwell Henry, Castlemaine ; Blanchard Thomas, Cas- tlemaine; Bowe William, Maldon; Blakeman John, Fryers ; Benallack and Walder, Fryers ; Bell and Holmes, Fryers ; Brown J. W., Yan- doit; Brown James, Smeaton ; Brewer Charles, Maldon; Bennett R. A., Maldon; Campbell J. W., Castlemaine ; Bowden J. H., Castlemaine; Bickle George, Castlemaine; Bishop John, Cas- tlemaine; Berry G. B., Strangways ; Blair Robert, Newstead ; Byron J. B., Woodend ; Butler Silvester, Maldon ; Bury and Evans, Maldon. THE GOLD EXPORT.— The shipments of gold made' during last .week ' amounted to 141,195 ounces, of which 44,137 ouncps word' trahship- ments from New Zealand vessels. The quantity exported since the commencement of the year amounts to 1,472,735 ounces, of which 1,222,487 ounces were the produce of Victorian gold-fields, and 250,248 ounces of New, Zealand. The shipments ; during ' the corresponding 'woek of the previous year amounted to 44,849 ounces, bringing the total up to the corresponding date to 1,542,864 ounces, of which 243,500 ounces- were transhipments from . New .Zealand. The dispute between the Ballarat Presbyterian Church Committee and the contrator, Mr Hope, has resulted in an action for false imprisonment against the' committee. Mr Hope has laid his damages at £3000. Labour and Wages.— In reply to the questions submitted by the.: Hon. the .Commissioner of Trades and Customs, the Malmsbury Municipal Council state that they are desirous of bringing under the notice of the Government their belief that abundance of labour would be almost constantly employed in that neighbourhood provided the same could be obtained at a reasonable and steady rate. That district is partly a mining one, and gold is found scattered over a large area in quantities which, if labour were more reasonable in price, could be raised at a profit. It is also largely an agricultural district. Much of the land, how- ever, is now lying dormant that could be im- proved to the advantage of the farmer, but who now cannot undertake this, owing to the exces- sive cost of carrying out even a small portion of the work. It is theii; opiiiion that' the, time, is come when it would be beneficial both' to em- ployers and the employed to have the present rate of wages greatly reduced by so doing con- stant employment could be found and given. As a rule, men now work only during a small portion of the year, spending the re- mainder in idleness, which, as a natural consequence, leads to the habits of intem- perance. Very many are, however, content to do so, knowing that they can to a certain ex- tent make up for lost time during harvest and other busy periods, when they demand and ob- tain a higher rate of wages. It is believed a Register and Labour Office, established in the Malmsbury district under the protection and to a certain extent connected with the Govern- ment, would be highly beneficial, and might be made the vehicle of introducing labour into the district, and of finding employment for the same, which, although necessarily at a much lower rate than at present, would tend to the benefit of both employers and employed, and to the prosperity of the district and the country at large. Help! HELP!!--The Castlemaine report of the labour market states that "the ladies want helps." If any helpless lady will send to this office her portrait, and particulars of her case, we will see what can be done. Perhaps the best thing we could do for a young lady would be to send her a box of bon-bons, and then she would be enabled to help herself. —Melbourne, Punch. 