SYDNEY SUMMARY. TiHUnsDAY aftrnoso Mn. MARTeN has given notice of another vote of censure embracing not less than twenty-six reslu. lions, which he proposes to submit seriatim, and having reference to the unauthorised expenditoreof public money. So I suppose that we shall hlaves a second edition of the late jawing match which so disgraced our Assembly the other week or two. Our legislators having shown, by their example, that attending the Randwick races is of more ia. portance than attending to business, it cannot be wondered that to-day the streets present a deserted appearance. Nothing doing. It is probable that a nolfe prosequi will terminatle the perjury case of Moffat v. Buchanan. The escorts have brought down during the present week the following quantities of gold: Western: Forbes, 1601 ozoe. I dwt. 8 gree,; Solfs, 1014 ozs, 15 dwts. 12 grs.; Bathurst, 1125 ozst, 12 dwts. 13 grs.; Tambaroora, 59) ozs. 12 dot;, 19 grs.; .Mudgee, 659 oze. 4 dwts. 16 grs.; Orange, 707 ozs. 10 dwts.; Stony Creek, 1188 ozs, 10 dete, 12 gra,; Hargraves, 477 ozs. 12 dwts. 18 grs, Southern: Goulburn, 77 oss. 6 grs.; Braid. wood, 1485 ozs. 17 dwts. 1 gr.; Adelong, 5760s, 15 dwts. 6 grs.; Burrangong, 854 ozs. 1 dwt. lt grs.; Tumut, 131 ozs. 5 dwts. Nerrigundeb, 174 ozs. Northern: Rocky River, 897 ozs. 19 d?i, 5 grs.; Nundle, 485 ozs. 13 dwets. Total, 12,042Os, 11 dwets.,14 grs. I sond you Ebsworth's and other commercial re. ports of to-day.* The committee for the inteor-colonial rowing-match (says the Empire) have purchased an imported out. rigger gig, built by Clasper, of Newcastle, sister boat to that possessed by the Melbourno commillee; and it is intended, if agreeable to the Victorians, that the race shall take place on the Saturdey previous to the Turf Club spring meeting, which generally comes off in the second week in No vember. The Herald says that the attempt to get up es Australian Derby and St. Leger, purely upon the' principle of the English Derby at Epsom and the St. Leger at Doncaster respectively, has proved ue-. cessful beyond anticipation, thero being about forty subscribers to each race. There weore but thirty three subscribers for the first English Derby, and little more than half thlat number for the firstDon0 caster St. Leger. On Tuesday Thomas Cross was committed for trial at thle central criminal court on four separiate charges of uttering forgeries. The case is thus re ported in the Herald:-Morris Whacker, of George street, clothier, deposed that about eleven o'clopk ?s the night of the 4th April, when closing, prisoner came to his shop and purchased goods, amounting to £3 19s., and in payment handed him a cheque (pro duced) of the same date, drawn on the Bank of New South Wales by Robert Towns in favour of Charles Hill for £5 128.; te said he had just arrived in port in the Caernarvon, whaler, one of Mr. Towns' ships that he had been many years in the employ-that Sr, Towns had promised to give him a vcssel-nsd that he received this cheque on account of wages; the Caernarvon having just arrived, witness belissd prisoner's story, took the clheque, and gaysve him the difference in cash; the cheque was presented at the bank, but was not paid. Robert Caspar, of George street, clothier, deposed that on the 6th April, Easter Monday, prisoner purchased of him goods amounting to £7 10s,, and in payment handed hiam cheque (produced) purporting to be drawn for £10, on the Bank of New South Wales by Robert Towss; having been taken in by false cheques he told pr-" soner to wait while he procured change, but In reality to make inquiries of his neighbours about the cheque; on his return prisoner had loft the shop and the goods. Alexander Conway, of George.street, jeweller, deposed that on the 6th April prisoner purchased of him a gold watch and a chain for £ll, and said that Mr. Hill, of King-streeot, had recom' mended him to his (witness') shop, and in payment handed him a cheque on the Bank of New South Wales, for £12, signed John Hill, which he said he had received from Mr. IHill in payment of wages; he called himself Joseph Cowell; on Tuesday took the cheque to the bank, but it was not paid. Bobert Chippett, draper, deposed that on the 6th April hlee was in the employ of Messrs. Dawson, Eagar, and Co.; prisoner presented him an order for clothings signed John Cuthbert, whom prisoner describoed as the shipbuilder; witness made up the order, but before delivering the goods to prisoner, having a misgiving as to the gonuineness of the signaturet took it to Mr. Dawson; on hil return prisoner waes gone leaving the goods upon the counter. Thces circumstances were duly reported to the police, with a description of the man, but no trace of prisoner was found until the 27th August. when he was 07'P" prehended by Detective Elliot. lie denied that hu was in Sydney at Easter, but all the witnesses unO hesitatingly identified him. The ledger-lceper at the bank deposed that the cheques were not pati, because Robert Towns had no account there, whl the signature in no way resembled that of Roberl T'owns; and John I1ill of King-strcot, lsa ?o separato sccount. Robert Towns deposed that h? had no knowledge of cithor prisonr or the 0che0ues signed Robert Towns. John Cuthbebrt also repo' diated the order put forth a?s his, and hd ano iknowe ledlge of the prisoner. o d 0 An inquest (says the Herald) was been held on the body of a child. The mother of the deceased stated that she was the wife of a soldier in the 12th Regiment. About ten years ago her husband had deserted her and re-married, whereupon she had gone to live with a labourer named Mackin, and had since that time dwelt with him. Of the two children of her marriage one was dead and the other was living she knew not where. The deceased was three months old, a feeble child, and the youngest of four children born since she had lived with Mackin. The woman left her house on the Point Piper Road at about four o'clock on Saturday afternoon, and hav ing wrapped her child up in two shawls and a cape, came into Sydney to meet Makin on his return from work. She met him near Darlinghurst gaol, and then went to buy groceries, while he called at a boot shop. They nexy visited a public-house, and having had a glass of ale each returned home. The mother said that she suckled her child when near the Sacred Heart Chuch, but on reaching their abode at about six o'clock, the infant was found to be dead. A doctor was sent for, and attended; he was of opinion that death had resulted from asphyxia; and this view of the case was borne out by the internal appearnce discovered by the post mortem examina tion made yesterday. Verdict: "John Mackin, aged three months, the illegitimate offspring of Mary Jerry, came by his death through the carelessness and negligence of the mother—thereby causing suf focation." James Mackin, for having sworn that he had been married to the mother of the deceased, was committed to take his trial at the general gaol delivery on the 28th for perjury. Bail allowed: himself in £50 and a surety of £50. Tior some days past (says the Empire) propriety has en startled by the announcement that the h"gos" ass expected, and expatiating on its gs as "a honest ghost." At length the ghost ae rita , by steamer from Melbourne, to which ia ly s ee ms to have imparted despatch. Thile new ;rcoria is, however, by no means visionary, but arthly, substantial, atnd rotund of form. With its lIadl cognomen we shall doubtless soon be made ainted. In propria persona, lhowever, it is a r i, who calls spirits from the vasty deep, after the manner of Professor Pepper. The latter gentle n is attracting crowds nightly to the polytechnic Stigtion, London, where ie is reading Dickens' launted Mla, with ghostly accompaniments. The "patent ghost" has likewise been introduced with immense success at one of the theatres, and is now transferred by the patentee (per Mr. Pitt) to trans ontie Australia. It may be as well to state that te vision is aperfect optical delusion, very cleverly contrived, and produced by mechanical and chemi cal agency. It is so natural as only to be effective in a piece where a spectre is attacked or interfered waith; if it merely appeared on the stage it would be taken for tihe real person whlom it is intended to represent and not a shadow. A recent number of Once a Week gives an amusing sketch of the new discovery (which may account for many of the absurdities of Home, Forster, and others) from which we extract the following: "Then slowly thie white robes parted, the gleaming veil was lifted from the head; the folded arms flung back their covering and stretched themselves as though to fold me in their grasp; and it stood con fessed-ia skeleton I Were none of us startled then? Did no one in that throng, but now so joyous, thrill with unutterable horrors now? One at least re tained his courage. Grasping the first weapon that came to hand, he rushed forward and aimed a fear ful blow at the spectre. The blow fell harmless on the empty air. Again he struck; this time with slower and surer aim, andi again the heavy weapon passed harmlessly through the terrible figure. He rushed recklessly forward and strove to grasp the spectre with his handls! He passed again and again over the very spot where the apparition still waved in triumph its bony alms, and grinned horribly with its fleshless lips. It was nothing-a vision-impal pable as the air from which it greow. Tho earth hath bubbles as the water bath, And this is of them. It was gone! But it had been there. I saw it my self. We all saw it. Here, in this very London, in which I write. Here, at the polytechnic." After describing the effect produced by the ghost in the launnted Man, and in a drama at the Britannia, the writer resumes;-" As an optical delusion the spec tre is perfect, and more than deserves the enormous success it has obtained. Nothing can be more hor ribly real, and at the same time more horribly un real, than this patent apparition when properly managed. Nothing can be more ingenious than the optical arrangements by which this singular delusion is effected, and which Professor Pepper has kindly permitted me thoroughly to examine. Some day, with his permission, I may explain to my readers the whole apparatus, with diagrams to illustrate its working. Tie Ghost Illusion was invented by Mr. II. Direks, C.E., and has since been improved and patented by Messrs. Dirchks and Pepper." The ghost will in a few days pace the boards of the Vic toria theatre. The following paragraphs are from the Freeman's Journal 5 Mr. Smart, the treasurer, stated nlast evening in the Assembly, that it was his intention, as soon as busi ness allowed him, to introduce a now tariff. The mayor of Melbourne gave a grand fancy dress ball at the Exhibition Building on Thursday evening, the 27th ultimo. Two thousand invitations were issued and about fifteen hundred persons were present. Mr. Frazer, one of the guests and a member of the Logislative Assembly of Victoria, was taken up on a charge of being drunk and assaulting the pollce; he was fined five pounds and discharged. His Excellency has been pleased to approve of the following appointments made by the Sheriff, vin.,-Mr. Petor Hictkson Hardy, to be jailer; and Mrs. Hardy to be matron of the jail at Mud gee. 