European Intelligence. (Compiled from the 'Home News' of March 26 and other journals.) A FRIGHTFUL conflict has taken place on the river, off Blackvtrali Tiie Peruvian corvette Arica is fitting out in the West India J locks. The greater part of her crew—half u them soldiers and half sailors—is on board toe hulk Venus, in the river. On Thursday, March 19, the soldiers were on shore on Lave, and a large number of them got drunk. W hen they returned on board they refused t. obey orders and the sailors were called upon to secure the most disorderly and to ciear the decks. Then commenced a fearful fi.lit. Eventually, however, the soldiers v ere driven between decks, and there kept the sailors at bay. The captain was sent for, and on his arrival leaped, cutlass-in band, among the mutineers, and was followed bv toe sailors. A band- to-band fight ensued, which lasted Iot some time, but finally the mutiny was quelled. During the fight, one "» the officers appears to have been thrown t rough a port into the river, where be was d > wned. Another, a midshipman, who was i 1 in the cabin, died through the excitement. Two of tiie soldiers were found dead on the are supposed to have been drowned. The ringleaders were put in irons, and the bodies <1* the deceased men were removed on shore, in order that an inquest may be held upon them. The mutiny is now (March 23} proved to have been attended with a loss of six lives at least. Sir Tatt«n Sykes, a highly esteemed • nun try gentleman, died in England on March 21\. aged 91. Sir James Outram died at Pau on the 11th of Marci), after a long illness. He was the son of Mr. Benjamin Outram, a civil en gineer, and was born at Batterly-b»U. Derby shire, on the 29th Jan., 1803* In his 16tb y .- ir he entered as a cadet into the military service of the Old East India Company, and before he was 29 distinguished himself by great courage and intelligence. From 1828 to 1835 he served in Candeish, and in the Inter year organised a regular force at Ouzerat, where he was engaged as political agent. From that period to the relief of Luck now in 1857, Outram was, more or less, concerned in ail the great military and poli tical events of India, earning each successive step in bis promotion from cadet to general by sheer integrity of conduct and honourable performance of duty. In 1858 he Teceived toe thanks of both Houses of Parliament, the freedom of the city of London, and was created a baronet and G.C.B, He was buried with great pomp at Westminster Anbey, on Wednesday, March 25, and is suc ceeded in his honours and title by his only son Francis, born September 23, 1836. His late Majesty Dom Pedro V., King of Portugal, whose death occurred about 15 months since, being possessed of propertv in England, and dying intestate, a widower, without issue, letters of administration were granted on .the l?th Feb. by her Britannic Majesty's Court of Probate "to his Majesty King Dom Fernando. Duke of Saxe-Coburg, toe father of his late Portuguese Majesty. The rejoicings' in "the provinces on the Prince of Wales's marriage were on a scale of unprecedented magnificence; nor does it appear that there was a single place which did not testify its zeal by a display of illu minations and by public festivities. In Edinburgh the scene was in the highest degree brilliant and picturesque, and the order and safety witb which the proceedings of the night were conducted offer a striking contrast to the scene which took place under the Lord of Misrule in the city of London. No carriages were allowed in the streets, and j.o n.tts or accidents occurred. In Ireland t >e rejoicings went off with characteristic bibinty. There were some windows broken i t Dublin and Cork, and a disposition was ni.mi Jested by the dregs of the mobs to get i'P it row ; but the Queen's peace was not very materially disturbed in either place. At; Order in Council has just been passed requiring that in private passenger ships con veying as many as 10 female emigrants, without male protection, "such emigrants shall be berthed under the charge of a matron, in a compartment in the after-part of the deck, effectually divided from the other por tions, with an entrance from the upper deck for their exclusive use, which is to be locked by the master before dark. An influential meeting of gentlemen in t-ivsieJ in the advancement of the colony of Victoria was held in Loudon on the 18th of March. The meeting was convened for tbe purpose of adopting some organised plan of • - 'rations in London, with a view to assist e igibie emigrants to the colony, and more es J .-daily distressed operatives of the cotton $,'-iCh.ts, in procuring the necessary outfit for tuc voyage, and the means of reaching the p"rt of embarkation and to make up the balance for "assisted passages.*' £800 were contributed at tbe meeting. A deputa tion trom tbe society then formed was subse quently received with great favour by tbe Duke of Newcastle. A curious work has been published at i Weimar by Dr. Carus. a p ivsician of j Dresden. It is called « The Nat iral His- ! tore <>f Ghosts." aud contains tales of appari- ! tions, hallucinations, and optical illusions instances of second sight, &c.; The author j expfams all these mysteries in a rational way. and chiefly as emotions produced from uneriial, not external causes—in fact, the stumaeb, the nerves, and the brain. ' The last annual meeting of the Literary Fund has just been held, the Bishop of Oxford in tbe chair. It appears that this ad tnirntde society distributed in uie past year a sum £H7.% over 5i grants. Of these 12 were granted in the department of Essavs and Tales; 1 I, History and Biography; 7 F.ie-ry; 7, Topography and Travels '; and die rest in lesser proportions. The per manent fund has been increased during the past year by. the. sura of £.1139 Is, 10d., and now amounts- to £23,639 Is. 10d. Tbe Belfast Bank has been defrauded to the amount of £4000 in notes and gold, by a person named Roberts, the cashier of the Ballymena branch. The * Northern Whip' says that Roberts left Ballymena on Satur- day, the 21st February, by the evening train, and was seen carrying a large portmanteau. On the morning of Monday, the 23rd, he was not to be found, and it was immediately after- wards discovered that gold and notes to the amount of £4000 had been taken away. The police have not yet succeeded in getting any clue to Roberts, and it is supposed that he has escaped to America. Tbe Right Rev. Dr. Moriarty, Roman Catholic Bishop of Kerry, has dissolved the " Catholic Young Men's Association" of Tralee, in consequence of the disorderly and disloyal conduct of the members at their annual dinner on St. Patrick's day. Noah Austin was executed at Oxford for the murder of James Allen, on Tuesday. March 24. The fact that the Duke of Wellington pre sented at a late levee a person of tbe name of Tillett, who was afterwards discovered to be a ticket-of-leave man, and whose presenta tion was consequently cancelled by order of tbe Queen, has occasioned much gossip in the clubs. The Duke of Wellington, veiy unnecessarily we think, has addressed a note to a contemporary, in which he states that " the presentation of Mr. Tillett at the late levee was made in entire ignorance of that person's character, .and of tbe fact of his hav ing been convicted of felony." A crowded and enthusiastic meeting was held on the evening of March 25, in Notting ham, for tbe purpose of adopting resolutions expressive of sympathy with the Poles in their late struggles for freedom from the Russian yoke. Tbe meeting was presided over by tbe mayor. Among the speakers were Charles Paget, Esq.. M.P., Sir Robert J. Clifton, Bart., M.P., and tbe resolutions submitted were heartily applauded. 