THE ELECTOEAL BILL. : . The Electoral Bill still drags its slow length along. It will come out of the Assembly so changed in constitution and appearance, that its begetter will scarce be able to recognise his bantling. Not but that it retains abundant marks of its original deformity. The strenuous exertions of a few leading members of ^the Oppo sition nave securea tne moaincation 01 some 01 . the more barefaced attempts to tamper with the elective ? franchise ; still, however, enough , of. evil remains to justify serious alarm.. :Qne' of the, proposed clauses provided ' for election ,. by arrangement, amongst the', candidates — after, a poll : had .been, de-, manded. The immoral tendency of I the claiise was obvious. It made, candidature a marketable commodity. Instead of bribing the voters, the reality of whose support was at best dubious under the ballot, how convenient to make a seat safe' by applying ' inducements of a certain kind to the other1 candidates,' in order to secure election by consent ?' The com stituencies were to be.boughjc and sold1' without' the shadow of option, r on their own .part: Dr Owens, pointed out the dangerous tendency of the clause as. it stood. It not only allb wed one candidate' ,to compromise with the others in order to, secure a seat in the House, but it would leave'the path open for a vparty who had never represented any ; constituency before,' to be.re turned at the: wish of the other candidates, without being accountable to the constituency for any course of action ho might pursue afterwards in the House. That objection alone was sufficient; even if no others had been urged— as it coula »°t be argued iHiii a constituency was to have any candidate forced upon them at the wish of the other candidate. Eventually the clause was put and lost without a ' division. .' Through the interference of Mr Macgkegor some concessions to the miners were extorted from/the reluctant Ministry. It was agreed, after a protracted struggle, that every electoral registrar should also: be the official appointed to issue the miner's rights, and every miner taking out the latter should entitle himself without further payment to the elective franchise. Having secured this step in advance it was demanded upon what ground could the. sponsors of the measure! concede that payment of the electoral registration, fee should be waived in the case of tie miners, whilst it continued a sine qua ? non in the case of the, general body of nbh-ratepaying electors, other than, miners. On Tuesday last the remaining clauses were forced through committee,- the preamble agreed to, and the third reading fixed J for the following Friday. The Electoral Bill, since it was first introducecltq Parliament, has, as we premisedj changed its color with chame- \ lebn-like celerity./ A glance back 'at what it was intended to be, and what, it, is, shows the comparative amount of confidence the prfir : sent occupiers of office have in the classes whach I assisted in their advent to power,, as contrasted with the Opposition. The bill as amended is an. incongruous mass of shj-eds and' patches. It ; | has been so mutilated arid, added to— -so rent and repaursd, that it is but the ghost of- its J former pretentious self. -The amendments that 1 have been forced down the throats of the Mirt- . / * j istry by the firm attitude of a few members ; upon the Opposition -benches. should awaken, the ; latter to a sense of their --eal power, . if they ,; be but true to themselves and ?, act; j in thorough earnest. ,, They crushed the j twelve months' residence condition out of- it-7- I ?they secured more reliable polling arrange- [ merits— they stifled the effort to iritrpduce the I new- fangled theory of representation by mi- I nofities, besides the already detailed amend- I ments;effected in committee during the past aad I present week. Despite the' exertions of ..the I Opposition, the bill is still a niass of ineon- : -gr.ui.ty... . Mr Ireland and his bill-rits-clauses and corrections — are in, much: the same condi tion, as the author of ' Somebody's' Luggage* after a.; night over his proofs. '! He. smeared himself , and he smeared the proofs the night through to that degree that when, Sol gave him warningto depart (in a four- wheeler) , few could .have 'said which was them, ai^d which was him, and which was blots.'; ; ?? . ?,? 