; :?-? ??.,. AMUSEMENTS. - ; ' THEATRE ROYAL. ?/;}?»;?; ' Hamlei V was .produoed at tho Theatre-Royal last Saturday, when the house was filled to over flowing. The tragedy has --.been played throughout the week, with undiminished success,' ;.and 'will.be repeated this evening, Mr Barry Sullivan; of course, enacts the Prince, and the unquestionable success he has achieved in this great impersonation : establishes the most undoubted merit. , The tragedy is well mounted, end the costumes are good, and correct in style. The scenery is much of it new, especially painted for the present revival. Mr Pitt has been particularly successful in the platform scene upon the ramparts, to whioh the Ghost leads Hamlet. The illusion of battlemented walls, with the cold light of the moon. silvering the projections —the rest in deep shadow— is capitally-worked out. It speaks volumes for the good taste of the Mel bourne public that, despite the rage for sensation performances, there still exists amongst them a proper appreciation of the legitimate drama, and a willingness to accord practical support to tho manager who putB before them a good play, well acted, in the most acceptable guise, and with liberal accessories. .'..'/'? ,; .;':..; THE POLYTECHNIC. ' Birch's Holiday Trip,' now performing at the ? Polytechnic Institute, Bourke street, has proved a decided success with the public. The institute: L$s been, crowded nightly to witness it, and the mani festations of approval have been frequent and well merited. The diorama by which it is accompanied is not one; but a series, of works of art, including very beautiful pictorial representations of the chief cities' and many of the most beautiful scenes in Europe. As a diorama it could not fail to be interesting. Much more 80 : when illustrated by graphic descriptions, and en livened by humorous songs, the various points of which, if not capable of ' creating a soul under* the ribs of death,' ore at least sufficient to make anybody , laugh who is capable of the risiblo emotion. Who, for instance, could fail to be at once tickled and instructed by Mr Birch's comparison of Constantinople beer to a ' black draught, with a seidlitz powder in it, and a dash of cod liver oil ' ; or his explanation of the Lurleiburg story «8 a mythical representation of - 'confiding youth, overcome by the love of the beautiful,' taken in and done for.' The songs, alternately humorous and sentimental, have been varied each evening of the week. The descriptive matter is good, and we feel assured that ho person who has once visited the exhibition will require pressing to do so a second time. We may add that an afternoon performance takes place this day. 