EMMANUEL SWEDENBORG.* THE life, character, and doctrines of Sweden borg are treated by M. Matter from a point of view exterior to the pale of absolute belief, yet with a spirit of candour and impartiality which can offend none but a few blind and fanatical devotees to the supernatural pretensions of their prophet. There may be persons to whom it may be a scandal to conscience, if not flat blasphemy, to measure, even in thought, the powers and the achievements of the author of their faith by a strictly human standard, and apart from all reference to other than the ordinarily received laws of physical and moral action. It was impossible, however, for M. Matter, as a man of the world and a man of common sense, so to approach his subject as to satisfy the requirements of partisans like these, as it must be impossible for us, in our capacity of critics, to submit to any other esti mate of his work than that which is defined by the ordinary tests of logic and expe- rience. In judging even of the super- natural itself, we have indeed no resource but to make these tests, in the outset at least of the inquiry, our primary point of departure, prepared as we may be, on equally logical principles, to acquiesce cheerfully in the hypothesis of a higher than natural element, should conclusive evidence be adduced of phenomena or facts wholly transcending every known or conceivable condition of natural law. In reviewing the life and speculations of Swedenborg, we are brought at once face to face, by a process of historical revival, with a class of facts and experiences but too common in our own day, in which the line between the natural and tho supernatural, the scientific and the occult, if not the miraculous, is supposed to have become confused. If less closely and essentially connected with a religious origin than the earlier system of tho Swedish philosopher and seer, there is at least one aspect which modern spiritualism has in common with that of Swedenborg. It has for its basis, that is, the possibility of a province over which reason is no longer to hold the ultimate dominion, and into which the rules of common logic and ordi- nary experience are forbidden, beyond a certain point, to penetrate. The life of Swedenborg, to begin with, is professedly spent, in a great measure, in another world, into which it is impossible to follow him. In the next place, his teaching is only to be established by writings which, besides being voluminous and intricate, represent the fruits of a special and in- terior illumination which it is impossible to submit to the critical reason without its vanish ing altogether. As, in the seances of our most recent spiritualists, the highest manifestations are reserved for those moments when vulgar eyes are incapacitated by the extinction of tho lights, so, in the revelations of the celestial arcana through the medium of the seer, all that is distinctive, startling, and novel waits for its unveiling until the old world interpreters of scholarship, history, and criticism have been left far behind. And yet, unsatisfactory as this condition of things might well be thought in an age of precise and scientific study; there is something in the very nature of these problems which invests them with undiminished, it may be with enhanced interest. Be it even the natural recoil from the possibly undue dedication of the mind to exact physical culture, it is past dispute that matters confes- sedly beyond the ken of scientific demonstration exercise a large and growing attraction even upon minds of no mean scientific training. The Emmanuel Swedenborg, sa Vie, ses Ecrits et sa Doc trine, Par M. Matter, Paris: 1863. evidence of this fact is not confined to tho mere parade of necromantic feats in the autobiogra phies of our leading mediums, or to the assemblage of dilettante idlers, fashion able or reverend, to peer into the secrets of the crystal sphere. So widely has the influence of such a feeling spread even among intellectual society, and worked itself up into the fabric of current literature, as to induce a belief that an era has arrived in which the philosophical balance of three centuries must be overturned, and a revival of the mystic theosophy of the middle and even earlier ages be gravely looked upon as possible. Of the possible revival or spread of Sweden borgianism, as a specific system of religious be- lief or organisation, we have at present no call to take account. Its particular form of dogma, or methods of dealing with revelation, may be in no such harmony with the bias and the pro- cesses of modern thought. And yet we cannot turn to the biography of its founder without at once perceiving that the great problem of our time is therein being stated by anticipation. In Swedenborg we behold the supernatural face to face with reason in the eighteenth century. And we are children of the eighteenth century in a far higher degree than we are inclined to recognise. Witness only the deep and fierce excitement stirred up by the recent reproduction of speculative objections to the authoritative belief, taken from works of the last age which till lately were held to have been forgotten. Our intermediate advance in all that constitutes men- tal progress seems but to havé brought us round once more to the point at which these ultimate and radical questions can no longer be stifled or ignored. And if in Swedenborg we are, able to see supernaturalism confronted with reason, we may behold in him no less the highest attempt of modern times at a reconciliation between the natural and the supernatural, the reasonable and the marvellous. His profound scientific and me- chanical attainments, on the one hand, his lofty spirituality of mind and unimpeachable moral and religious excellences on the other, bespeak a temperament in which, if ever, the harmony between those two opposing poles of human thought might be deemed capable of demon- stration. The great question, be it observed lies not so much in the separate ex- istence of the spiritual world as in the relation of the one world to the other. And it is the circumstance that in man, as in some sense taking part in both worlds, the point of contact must of necessity exist somewhere, which makes such a person at once the greatest of enigmas, and the most promising solution of that enigma. The result of the, controversy of the last cen- tury, as regards Europe at large, was that reason held itself to have entirely triumphed over supernaturalism, and, in its moments of blind self-confidence, as in France, to have thrown it overboard for ever. It was one of those superannuated conceptions which had vanished like ghosts or witchcraft be- fore the dawn of pure reason and com- mon sense. Was it, then, through a certain irony of fate, or what has been termed the law of progress by antagonism, that, in the teeth of this conquering and jubilant reason, the claims of the supernatural suddenly sprang up again in the boldest and most ambitious shape? For never before had this power, which seemed the inveterate foe of science or reason, aimed at subjugating its rival by blending and, so to say, sublimating it with itself. So marked a contract forms, then, the first historical point of interest in the life of Swedenborg. The second, or more speculative point, has reference to our own times and to the future. If strict philosophy or reason failed of success in the last century in putting down, the opposite rule of superstition and unreason, what is to be the issue of the conflict now unmistakably being revived between them? If the judgment given in the former case is to be set aside as superficial, lax, and uncritical, what better verdict is to be expected from our more mature and critically constituted lights ? Such is the temperate and judicious point of view from which the study of Swedenborgianism is approached by M. Matter. It is tantamount to a revision, on higher grounds and in a less partisan spirit, of the sentence passed upon the movement and its author by the two or three generations intervening. In the first place, justice is done to the command- ing intellectual powers and practical abilities of the prophet of the new dispensation. In purely scientific discoveries as in material or utili tarian objects, he admits hardly a superior in that age of ripe intellectual promise. In to any points of intellect, as well as of character, ex ceptional in any generation, there was no man in his own or in any day less tainted with charlatanry, less conscious of untruth. Even in his highest and most far-fetched pretensions—as put forth, that is, by himself—there is nothing of the self-elevation of the religious impostor, none of the vulgar arts of the huckster in divine realities. Like most men in whose tempera- ment imagination is largely blended with every process of reason and emotion, be obeyed, in embodying his ideas in form, that instinctive law by which the inward impressions or in- tuitive perceptions of the soul take to them- selves an objective or external reality, and come to be worshipped as the substantial verities of which they are but the mental symbol. Hence are to be explained not only those psychological portents which have tended to taint the purest and noblest with the imputation of imposture—the demon of Socrates, tho visions of Descartes, the hallucinations of Pascal —but those more vulgar marvels which form tho only palpable basis, such as it is, for the spiritualist creed of our time. In the better class, of which alone we would now speak, this self-hallucination takes the form either of mysti- cism or transcendentalism. The distinction is ably drawn by M. Matter. Swedenborg was no mystic, in tho sense in which Boehmen, Pascal, Madame Guyon, or Claude Saint Martin, were mystics. There was in his system none of that absorption into the depths of the Divine Being in which those European simu- lators of Buddhism found their delectation. In his more transcendental view, the Deity stooped in person to nature and man, or rather, nature and man rose up by gra- duated ascents to God. The spirit world is a more perfect counterpart of the material world. The inhabitants of the stars are the spirits of men and heroes, sublimated and transferred, and re- tain the varied characteristics of their human origin. The life of heaven is human life re- newed on a less material stage, and with the free- dom of less corporeal faculties, and God is the perfect and sole type of humanity. His education, no less than the logical bent and essence of his ideas, led him along this path of development. Emmanuel Swedberg was born at Stock- holm, June tho 29 th, 1688. The influence of his father, Bishop of Skara, an ecclesiastic whose grave and simple religion partook more of the moral pietism of Grotius and Episcopius than either the dogmatism of Calvin or the enthusiasm of the mystics, had the effect of training the youthful genius in the same mild school of evangelical morals to the comparative neglect of dogmatic exactness or formality. Tho teaching of Rei marus, then the freest churchman of Northern Germany, must have aided in the same direction. His own recollection of his early studies and dis- position bears out this inference. The remark of his father, made even before the boy's twelfth year, that angels spoke by his mouth, is to be explained, with allowance for the fond amplifica- tion of paternal pride, by the sweetness and innocent freshness of his talk, rather than by any ascription of more than human powers. Preco- cious the lad undeniably was, but in the sense of goodness, not of inspiration :— From my fourth to my tenth year (he writes to Dr Beyer), my thoughts were constantly engrossed by reflecting on god, salvation, and the spiritual affections of man. From my sixth 'to my twelfth year, it was my greatest delight to converse with the clergy concerning faith, and I often observed to them that charity or love in the life of faith, and that their vivifying charity is no other than the love of one's neighbour. His visits to London and Oxford in 1710 had no little influence in expanding the young man's tastes. His first publications related to classics and poetry. He shortly afterwards developed a marked genius for mechanics and engineering, and his services in that capacity at the siege of Frederickshall, where the Swedish hero laid down his life, were rewarded by Charles's sister, Queen Ulrica Eleanora, with letters of nobility and the more aristocratic name of Swedenborg, till then borne only by the more favoured por- tion of the family. The next stage of his intel lectual career was given to scientific ethics and political philosophy, his balanced and constitu- tional principles of politics enabling him to anti- cipate not a few of what have since become lead- ing tenets with the scientific school of modern publicists. He may be said, in this respect, to have marched side by side with Locke, and to have already elaborated, in their proper balance and practical relations, theories which, years later, in the latitude of Paris, have been re- garded as simply Utopian or revolutionary. His views on these, as on other subjects, had from the first, however, a connection with a religious basis, as embodied in complete form in his glow- ing and rhapsodical delineations of the " New Jerusalem,'' published in London in 1758. In the science and practice of mineralogy alone, his discoveries might suffice to place him in the first scientific rank of his generation; nor was be far behind in his mastery of general physics, including astronomy, anatomy, and physiology—witness his anticipa- tion of Wollaston in the spheroidal law of crys tilisation, his joint share with Sir W. Herschel in assigning to the sun its position in the Milky Way, and with Lagrange to the grand solution of the planetary perturbations. The width of his mental scope is one of his most memorable characteristics. Nothing escapes him. Each fact of experience or reflection sheds light on every other and on the whole. Even the pleasures and trifles of life have their place. In Paris he has no disdain for fashion and dissipation, and descants in his diary on the latest opera, and the merits of the new danseuse. His was not the defective vision of Tiresias, nor the ignorance of mundane things which caused the coachman of Tycho Brahe to say to his master, " You may be very wise, Sir, in what regards the sky, but in matters of the world you are no better than a fool." If a phrase in a letter of his to General Tuxen is to be construed in its literal mundane meaning, he had indulged at one time in personal subservience to temptations of a class from which the idolaters of his absolute purity had pictured him through life exempt—Dans ma jeunesse j'ai eu une maitresse. It was not, indeed, from his own representations that the idea of any superiority in kind to human limitations, can be conjured up, if we except his peculiar pretensions of an oracular or prophetic sort. And nothing certainly can be less romantic or ethereal than his own report, newly given in detail by M. Matter, of the circumstances attending that transformation which gave its special character to the: last twenty-seven years of his life:— I was in London, he declares (in the year 1744), and dined very late. I was extremely hungry, and ate with a lively appetite. At tho close of my repast a kind of mist spread over my eyes, and I saw the floor of my room covered with hideous reptiles. Presently the mist disappeared, and I saw distinctly a man sitting in a corner in the midst of a clear and a radiant light, who, in a tone fitted to inspire terror, said to me, "Do not eat so much." The following, night the same figure reappeared, and declared himself, in M. Matter's words:— Je suis Dieu, le Seigneur, le createur, et le Redempteur; je t'ai elu pour interpreter aux hommes le sens intérieur et spirituel des Saintes Ecritures; je te dicterai ce que tu devras ecrire. If such be the evidences, such the credentials of a celestial calling, it will be necessary to apply some test which shall at least enable us to discriminate between the influence of the spirits and tho familiar symptoms of post-pran- dial nightmare. A shorter and more summary kind of martyrdom, may be made to put the authority, of apostles and prophets to the proof. The cynical, if somewhat coarse remark, of Kant is here in point :— Jadis on brulait, de temps a autre, les adeptes du monde spirituel. Il suffira dêsormais de les purger. Not less accordant with reason and sense is M. Matter's examination of those special in stances on which the claims of Swedenborg to a power of prediction or second sight have, with as little plausibility, been made to rest. Four of these cases may be cited in particular :—his describing at Gottenburg, fifty leagues off, afire then in progress at Stockholm, with the moment and spot of its being arrested ; his revelation to Madame de Marteville, through the medium of tho spirit of her deceased husband, of a missing receipt for 25,000 florins ; his announcement of the death of the Emperor Peter III. at the very instant of its taking place ; and his prediction of the day of his own death in a letter written some weeks before Wesley. On each of these points, the evidence, when calmly and critically sifted, is found to be of the same confused and shadowy character which makes it so difficult to establish any basis of fact for the best- accredited stories of modern clairvoyance, or somnambulism. Names, dates, and details are presented to us under the wildest discrepancy—the degree of marvel in- variably increasing with tho distance from the event. Thus, the fire at Stockholm— which owes so much to the deliberate adherence given to it most unwillingly, it is said, by Kant—is stated by that philosopher, writing seven years later, to have taken place towards the end of the year 1759 ;" and, in a subse quent letter written the 10th of August, 1678, "towards the end of Sep- tember, 1756." The fire really occurred on tho 10th of July, 1759, so inexact are his inquiries shown to have been even as regards the merest outline of the story, The name of the Dutch Minister's lady, in the second case, is presented to us in various versions as Madame de Harte ville, Madame de Mertefield, Countess de Martefeld, and Countess de Mansfeld. Dis crepancies like these are of no mean value as proofs that the narratlve is drawn from no primary or authentic source. Moreover, the testimony of the lady's second husband ex pressly ascribes the discovery of the document to a dream on her own part. Swe- denborg's share in the transaction beisg limited to his having reported the refusal of the disembodied husband, to appear, being pre-occupied by a visit to his widow, in order to " reveal some circumstance of importance." The vision of the murder of Peter at the castle of Roptcha, on the 14th of July, 1762, seen the same hour by the Prophet at Amsterdam, may well be left to stand over for some more trustworthy witness than that of a half-crazed mystic like Jung- Stilling, who heard it from "a proved friend in the Low Countries !" Nor need we set aside the received organisation of either the physical or the moral universe in favour of a higher revelation based upon a prophetic letter, of which no copy was preserved, but which was said to have been read by Wesley before a circle of friends, yet of which no mention occurs in the minutely particular diary of the great Me- thodist. Even granting, to the full the authenti- city of the tradition, which is said to have been followed by the conversion of the narrator, Mr. Smith, there is not a great deal to startle us in the case of a prophecy which carries with it so much of tho means of effecting its own verification. There is far more of the influence of cause and effect than of mere coincidence or oracular vision in those frequently quoted instances in which the presenti- ment of death hss been followed by the reality. We are told of hale and lusty young women among the Polynesians dying, amidst the most agonising struggles, merely from the impression that they were being "prayed to death" by some known or unknown A, B, or C. And that an aged enthusiast should, in the exercise of his professed connection with another world, lay down the precise day of his own exit, and verify the vaticination sure enough, to the hour, will be no great potent or miracle to those who have made a little Common psychology their study. We need certainly lay no greater stress upon the tradition of his affrighting Queen Louisa Ulrica, by the disclosure of matters known only to herself and her deceased brother, or his declar- ation that the departed Baron-d' Abricourt has met with a more agreeable consort than he left behind on earth, or that " one of the noblest and most angelic creatures of Sweden" Madame la Comtesse de Syllenborg is destined to impart the same eventual felicity to the seer himself. Nor need we discuss at length the evidential value of his announcements that the moon has its human inhabitants ; that the spirits in Mer- cury have a terrible dislike and contempt for us terrestrials; that those in Jupiter hold us equally cheap ; that their countenances far sur pass ours in beauty ; that those in Venus, strange to say, are "stupid giants, who care neither about heaven nor hereafter;" or that the spirit congregations in Saturn are Unitarians or anti- Trinitarians! Stripped of the crotchets into which a vivid and undisciplined imagination betrayed a mind of deep religious conviction, and intense appreciation of his own powers and mission cleared, moreover, of the mist of false- hood and exaggeration with which the blind zeal of later idolators has enveloped his real charac- ter and pretensions—enough remains of Sweden- borg to establish his rank among the most remarkable men of his class. Without the con- ventional halo of myth and romance, there is much in the exceptional character and history of the enthusiast and visionary which forbids ridicule or contempt, in sight of so much that is simple, and single-minded, and pure.—Saturday Review. 