CURRENT TOPICS. The Howeons concert will take place tuis 5 evening at the Mechanics' Institute, and we are ! pleased to hear, under better auspices than on : a former occasion, A different arrangement of ] prices has been made, snd in the hands of Mr Moxon, their enterprising agent in the affair, the Howsons are likely to meet with that amrunb ' of patronage which thejr talejits fairly entitled " thcro to Jock {qt, ' A?-meeting 1 of the* Newtown and Chilwell Town. Council will-be held this evening, for the transaction of the following business :—To con sider and order on reports of Public Works.. Finance and Legislative Committees To re ceive. tenders • for forming and channelling Levien's Road. To onsid^r and order on no tice of motion by Councillor Espinasse; to ap point Mr Marshall Town Ranger. The Ghost which has created such an excite ment in London, will visit Geelong early next week The announcement will be found in another column. This ghost is, we are as sured, the genuine spirit, aud is as different from the clumsy imitations got up in the Mel bourn Theatres, as genuine cognac is from to bacco water rum. Levity apart, this appari tion is a scientific curiosity which has claims upon the attention of those'Who seek informa tion as well as ■ entertainment. It is the ghost which is to be produced at the Mel bourne Polytechnic after the.present successful engagement of Mr Love has. terminated. The Band of the Artillery Brigade played our first batch of volunteers for New Zealand up to the railway station yesterday morning. There were thirty men in all, who were addressed by Mr William Fraser, and then taken out to the West Geelong Station by him, where they were handed over to a sergeant for Melbourne. A number of friends and "others attended to see them depart. A meeting of the creditors in the estate of William-Ruiledgo and Co., Belfasf, was held yesterday,'. at the chambers of the Official Assignee. The meeting was called for the purpose of taking the instructions of the'credi tors' n8 to the disposal of a sum of L4009 re ceived by the Assignee for wheat sold by him in. the insolvent estate. The account sales of the grain showed that it had been realised upon to satisfy various interests, the chief of which were the claims of certain farmers who had de posited their grain for advances made to them by; the insolvent firm, the consignors or depo sitors, in many ins'ances, giving the ir acceptances as collateral security for such advances. These acceptances, it appeared, had been paid by Rutledge and Co. into the bank, and at the time of sequestration, many of them were overdue, The Bank now, therefore, advances its claim to the proceeds of the wheat, to meet any de ficiency there may be possibly, after their proof ion these various bills are satisfied, so far as a dividend will go. The claim so set up is op posed by Flower, Salting and Co, who are equally large creditors, and by some smaller claimants on the estate. Only f >ur creditors were present, but the subject was argued at considerable length. Finally Mr Hawthorne proposed on behalf of Flower, Salting and Co —-"That the Official Assignee be directed not to comply with tho claim made by the Bank of Australasia.1- " This was met by an amendment by Mr Smith, Melbourne, Manager of the Bank of'Australasia, and representing the firm of Westgarth, Ross, "and" Spowera—" That. the Official Assignee be directed to apply the pro ceeds of the different parcels of wheat in ques tion/in accordance with the original directions given at the time of their deposit with the in solvents.". The Chairman, Mr Henry Henty, put the motion and amendment, when it was found that the motion was lost, both in the number of votes and amount, the proxies used by the Bank of AuBiralasia being more than sufficient to carry the point. -The" effect of the vote is, of course, to leave the Official Assignee precisely in the same position as he was before the meeting. A . . The information, we received on Sunday night relative to Mr Allen, having broken his arm, turns out to be - incorrect. Mr Joseph Martyr, solicitor, / was the Bufferer. The accident .happened' near "Wellington, Mr Martyr being thrown from the box seat by a auddeD'jolt of the vehicle in which he was pro ceeding. to QueenscHff. * ;A letter was yesterday received here from the Crown Law Office, reques'itig that the prosecu tor and • defendant, together with • the witnesses, in the Libel case, M'Canh- v Sidder.^ might he informed that the Crown did not iutend to pro secute in the case ; and that their appearance at the next Circuit Court would therefore be dis pensed with. The Geelong competition for places in "the Intercolonial Rifle Match (Victoria v. New South Wales) was completed on Saturday laBt. With the exception of one day the weather at Gee long. throughout the trials has been exceedingly unfavourable, high winds with rain being the rule. On Saturday, while the long ranges were being Bhot, the wind was blowing a gale, with ram at intervals, right across the ranges, and the Geelong ranges being exposed to every wind that blows, without shelter of any kind, the scores made throughout the trial may be con sidered very good. As the scores stand at pre* sent Sergeant Middlemiss, who shoots with ft Henry rifle; is third, amongst the first ten, and unless the last returns from Cas?lemaine be very high must remain so. The distances shot are 200, 300, 500, 600. 700, 800, and 900 yards, five shots at each range; The following is the sore iu five trial-', the numher required to. bo shot Only two competitors entered in Geelong:— .. Yd*. Yds. Yd*. Yd* Yds. Yds Yds. Total 200 3 Licut.-Col. Bode;— • 1st trial... 12 10 14 10 15 ,, C 11. • 7B. •2d* „ 16 11 9 10 10 11 5 72 3rd „ . . 12 13 15 15 12 10 5 4th ,, .. r i Shotin Molbmrno > 5th „ 13 .15 10 12 9 0. 0 Total In five trials Scrceant Middlemiss:— l*t trial • IS 8 15 17 13 15 7 2nd „ .. IS- 18 12 13 11 16 16 5rd „ .. 13 15 18 15 14 7, 0 9t 4th „ .. 13 12 18 .19 16 26 14 108 5th The account given of the experimental trip of the Nereid, on Lake Learmontb, on Saturday, the 22nd August, omitted to state that Mr James Sinclair,. of the Eastern Beach, boat bufid'TS, built the Nereid, which gave so ranch satisfaction ; although a flat bottom, and made expressly for the lakes, her draught being only 10 inches with eight persons on board. Mr Sinclair is now engaged building, on the centre board principle, boats 21 feet long and 6 feet 2 inches acro.-s mid-ship, and 4 feet drop, such being found the most eligible description of of sailing boat of the time, and well deserving of encouragement. The Sober Concert last night was very fairly attended, and the singing and music was very creditable to what may be called the Temper ance Hall stock company. The President of the society treated the audience to a ,M bit of his mind " on the recent melancholy death of old Mrs Rogers, and then to a temperance song of his own composing, 'rather musically and sweetly rendered. The amateur performance at the Theatre Royal last evening was but thinly patronised again, although we think and hopo there may b° a small balance on the right side of the leaner this time. The " False Fri-nd," which was the first pi?re, although represented to be a new play, look3 to us very much like an old friend in a new face; but we may be mistaken. We cannot certainly award a great amount of credit to the author of it, tither for dialogue or situa tions ; and, taken altogether, if a new play, it is not likely to command a great success—if a hash-up, so much the worse The amateurs seemed to get through their work very creditably indeed, the paria taken by Mr bur gess and Mr Robins—viz, Lord Wildrake by the former, and Sir Henry Harcourt by the latter—being specially noticeable as having been welt studied, and equally well delineated. In the False Friend, the piece is opened by Lord WiMrake and Eosina, a peasant girl to whom AVildrake is making proposals, which she repels with Ecorn. Foiled in his endeavours to seduce her, he vows to revenge himself on Sir Henry Harcourt, his more succ ssful and more honorable lival, to whom for years he has owed a grudge, and which he has concealed beneath the mask of friendship.. Beirg invited one night to partake ot the hospitality of Sir Ilenry at some festi vities given in honour of that baronet's return from foreign parts, he entices him to the gam ing table, where by the aid of false dice, he reduces him from wealth to poverty. The first act closes with the departure of \Vildrak'j in exuhation. The second act opens with iho death of Robort, an aged steward of Sir Henry's, who waa most earnest during the first act in dissuading bis ma?ter fiom trustin: to VTildrake ; and it closes with the departure of Sir Henry from his native village to try and improve his for , tune^ abroad. A. period of five years is sup posed to el«pse between the second and third acts, i uring which Sir Henry has wandered about in a vain endeavour to better his for* • tune, for "Wildrake, being a court favourite, has poisoned the King's ear* against Jum, and all thtnces of place are closed against liim. At list Sir Henry returns to his native village, only 'o learn, however, that Ro-inn is dead; and as he proceeds to the churchyard he encounters Wild, rake, when a fearful struggle takes phc",; n which the latter draws a dagger and stahs him, and the curtain fails on Wil.lrake horrified and' overcome with remorse. An interesting and lively comie underplot is kept up during the piece by Gabble, a village barber ; Braggart, a drunken soldier ; and Sniffle, an apothecary. I'he afterpiece was " Delicate Ground," which went off also very creditably. Miss Bolton and Mrs Evans rendered good assistance to the gentlemen performing. The only business before the Newtown and Chilwell Bench yesterday w-s the fining pf several persons in the nominal snm of 2s 6d, for allowing their cattle to roam about the streets of the municipality. Messrs Champion and Parker were the presiding magistrates. The Secretary of the Geelong Orphan Asylum acknowledges receipt from Sheriff Rede of the sum of nine pounds eightren shillings and one penny, being contributions by jurors and wit nesses, collected by him. In a great number of instances the assess, ments on runs, under the Land Act of 18S2 were not appealed against by the several pas toral occupants; and the Government Gazette of Friday contains the list of such stations (three closely printed pages) which u ill be liable to forfeiture if the first moiety of rent for 1SG3 due in June last, is not paid on or before the 27th instant The Governor in Council has re mitted the penaltifB already incurred for non payment of the rent as soon as due; and the squatters are therefore to be charged only the exact amount of their assessment, one month's grace being allowed to them to square the account. By the Royal Shepherd we have Tasmanian papers to 29th tilt. The Launcoston and Delo raine railway project bad been discussed iu the Assembly, but no decision arrived at; the de bate stood adjourned. It is proposed to borrow the money on government security, the land holders in the district through which the line passes guaranteeing government against loss. IVe commend the following to the notice of those of our legislators who favor curtailment of grants for roarl making. Our first extract is from the Ballarat Star :—" The state of the Smythesdale road is a standing grievance to the travelling community, in fact some parts of it are all but impassable. A few days ago as a Ballarat carter was returning from Smythes dale with an empty dray drawn by three "horsts the animals got into a hole in that part of the road between the fences near the Redan pad docks. In their efforts to get our, a valuable grey horse that a short time previous cost L60 broke one of its legs and bad to be destroyed. It now lies on the road-side, whilst the owner, a hard working poor man, laments the loss of a valuable horse. The road between Learmonth and. the Springs 13 alBO in such a bad state that Messrs Cobb & Co- have been obliged to with, draw their coach thei efrqm for the present, and the coach now only runs as far as Learmonth." We now quote the Ararat and Pleasant Creek Advertiser:—"At ho petiad of our history has this district "suffered so much from bad roads as at the present time. Our main line of thoroughfare from Ballarat to Ararat, and thence to Pleasant Creek, is in a most dilapi dated Btate, and in many instances is utterly unfit for trafic. It is. needless to recapitulate the state of the road between thi3 and Ballarat, it is sufficient to know that it is even worse than it was last winter." XXX The following is a list of Crown Grants is sued for lands connected with the Western District, which the owners of such property may now obtain on application at the Receipt and Pay Office, Geelong. We give surnames only:— Armstrong, Baker, Barber, Belcher, Bettio, Bond, Bowman,: Bruce, Brumley, Beal, Bedggood, Bell , and Armstrong, Byrns, Cook, Coote, Cairns, Cameron Chirnside and L->ean, Clark, Coleman, Cuningham and Roger, Cite mole, Connor, Cumming, Dunlop, Daby, Dae, Danaher, Dawson, Dennya, Dillon, Field, Fox, i Finly, Fortington, Fraser, Gay, Grant, Gray, | Greer, George, Haley, Hankin,. Hollingwort'n, Hughes, Inglis. I Jeffrey, Jamieson, Jewell, Kelly, Lawler, Leak, Lid will, Lyons, Langd n, Lawrie.Lyons,Maw.MorriB. Murray,M'Farlane, McArthur, Macdonald, Mr.cfarlane, McNeill, McAndrew, McKenzie, McICinnon, McPhsrsoo, McBetli, McConachy, McDonald, McEvitt, McGregor, McKenry, Mcintosh, McMillan, McRao, O'Gready, Oke; Preston, Purcell, Poynton, Priscott, Rowe, Russell, Reynolds, Robinson, Rogers and' Lane; Ryan, Raleigh, Reeves, Robinson, Ryan, Such, Smith, Shana han, Shony, Stuart, Savage, Scown and Oxford, Stodart, Sullivan, Sparkes. Thomson, Toms, Taylor, Varey, Yaughan, AVard, " Wilson, Whelan, Williams, Williamson, Willis, Wynne, Walker, "Wallace, Ward, Watt, 'Whitehall, 1 Wiggins. | 