ARCHBISHOP HUGHES. In compliance with the call from Archbishop Hughes, 3,000 or 4,000 persons convened in Lixington Avenue to hear his address to the rioters. Ths mass extended up and down the street far beyond tbe reach of the Archbishop's voice. Soon as the distinguished speaker made his appearance upon the balcony he was greeted with cheering. He sat down, and the auditors uncovered their heads. At his request tbey put on their bats, and he proceeded with his address, peaking with great deliberation. While he was speaking some one with an Irish accent shouted, '? Send the negroes South.' The Archbishop paused a few seconds, evidently not pleased with the interruption, and then said be was not a legislator. Half a dozen cavalrymen rode through one of the streets bordering the outskirts of the crowd, they were not insul'ed or molested by the orderly assembly : — Men of New York, they call you rioters, but I cannot see a riotuous face among you, (Cheers). I will call you men of New York ; not gentlemen, because gentlemen is so threadbare a term that it means nothing positive. (Lriu^hier). Give me men, for 1 know of my own knowledge that if this city were in vaded by a British or any foreign Power tbe delicate ladies of New York, with infants on their breasts, would look for tbeir protection more from men than from gentlemen. (Liugbter and ap plause) Tbere is no reason why you should not be gentlemen, for there is no real difference between these terms. (Cbeers). I address you of my own choice, and I would do so if I bsd to go «n crutches. (Gods for you). My lungs are stronger than my limbs. It is gratifying to me to see that you have met here in peace and enod order at this time. I do not address tbe West and South of Ireland, depopulated, and cattle browsing on the ruins of the cottages of the noble people wbo have lived there. I' thank God that I cime to tbis country, where no oppression exists. (Applause). Ii you are Irishmen — for jour enemies say the rioters are Irishmen — I am also aa Irishman, but not a rioter. (Silence). ?If you are Catholics, as they have reported — probably to hurt my feelings — then I am a Catholic too. (Cheers) I know that, under the misguidance of real or imaginary evils, people will s motimes get uneasy, and every man has his troubles, for I have my troubles, too; but I think with the poet that it is better to bear our slight inconveniences than to rush t- evils which we have n' t yet witnessed. (Applause). In F.urope, where tbe countries call themselves constitutional a fool nr a wise man must oocupy tbe throne, and there i nothing for an oppressed people like you i.ut the President (derisive laughter), or the unyor, or a military officer. I address 'you as .our tatber; and I am not going to go into tbe question what has brought about tbis unhappy state of things. It is not my business, for I am a minister of God. You know I never deserted you. ('Never, never,' cheers). With my tongue and my pen I have stood by you in years past. I am not a runaway bishop. (Laughter). It is* perhaps, a calamity, but I hnve never been con jo'ous of fear until tne danger was over. I could n »t fight for you or with you, but I could stand by you and die with you. (Great cheering), I cannot go into the question of what caused this state of things. I do not know of any people on the face of the earth who have not had their grievances. A change is not an improvement, necessarily. When I cast my eyes back to the' land of my nativity, and when I think, when I see revolution— revolution is a terrible tbin-\ But in this country the constitution gives the rigat to tbe people to make a revolution (very four years. (Cbeers). You know what they do; they fire paper bullets. (Laughter). [A Voice —Let the niggers keep Soutb.] Everything is in the hands of the supreme people of the United States ; and I am willing to be governed by a majority of them whether they plunder or not. N-w, gentlemen ('Gentlemen!' — laughter), f have nearly done. (Go on, go on). But there is one thing more. I know if I ask your counsel you will give it to me, and I believe that you will be willing to bear from me, as Archbishop of New York, my counsel, I have not seen a single countenance among you that I would set down as that of a rioter. Well, then, is this business to go on ? (Will the draft go -n ?) Is not every man, in his own modest way, to become a preserver of the ? peace? I am told in tbe newspapers that not a little property has-been destroyed. It must be paid for by you and by me (three hundred dollar*'.) In case of a violent and un just assault upon you without provocation, my notion is that every man has a right to defend his house or bis shanty at the risk of life. (That's so — great cheering) The cause, howaver, must be just. It mnst not be aggressive or offensive. Do you want my advice? (Yes, yes) Well. I have been hurt by the report that you were rioters. You cannot imagine that I could beat these things without being grievously pained. Is there not some way by which you can stop these proceedings and. support the laws, of which nrne have been enacted against you as Irishmen and Catholics? (Stop the draft). You have suffered already. No government can save itself unless it protects its citizen?. Military force will be loose on you. The innocent will be shot down, and the guilty will be likely to escape. Would it not be better for you to retire quietly? I do not ask you to give up your principles or convictions. (Applause) N-iw, there is one thing in which I want to ask your advice. When these so-called riots are laid on the Irish Catholics, I wish you tell me in what country I could claim to be borne ? (' Ireland,' cheers). Yes; but what do you say if these stories are true ? Ireland has never committed a single act of cruelty, exo pt in i p osition to oppression. (Cceers.) Ireland has been tbe mother of heroes and poets, but never of cowards. * * * If you should chance to see a policeman or militiry man, just look at him. (Applause and laughter), The Archbishop then retired. Irish Titles of Honour.— Titles of honour are still borne by the representatives of some or cue old Milesian lamiiies in ireianci. Some of these titles have become extinct in course of time, such as the M'Oai'ty More, the Wiu'fca Knight, the O'Sullivan Bear, the O'Moore, &c;, and some have been merged in peerages. The O'Btyem in the titles of Thomond (now irxtincfc) and Inch iquin, the O'Neills in an Earldom (extinct), the O'Callagban in Lord Lisinore, and tbe descendant and representative of the O'Byrne's in LorJ de Tabley . But the following titles are still preserved and generally acknowledged These are the O'Donogbue of the Glens, the O'Oonor Don, the Knight of Kerry, the Knight of Glen, the O'Grady, the M'Gillicuddyof the .Reeks, and the M'Dermot, Prince of Cool vain. The two first of these represent Irish constituencies, and it is believed are the only Irish chieftains who have adhered to the national religion ; all the others are Protestants. Indeed it is a curious circuirstiir.ee that while we 6ee the O'Neils, tha O'Briens, the O'Cailaghans, the O'Byrnes, indeed almost all the lineal descendants of the old Irish families, staunch Protestants (some of them even Orangemen j The late Lord O'Neill was Grand Master of the Orangemen) ; wo find, on the other band, that the leading Roman Catholic nobility und gentry in Ireland are mostly of English and Protestant ex'raefcion. TIjhs, the Brownes, Earls of Kenmare, came over originally in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, and being Pro testants, obtained large grants of the O'Donoghua propertry in Kerry, forfeited by Roderick O'Uo noghue, in the reign of Elizabeth, and by Gecffrey O'Donoghue, ' in the reign of her successor, ljifl Earls of Kenmare are now, as is well known, at i'' Irish Roman Catholic peerage, and bo of the Dillons, Piunketg, Burkes, Nugents, PrestoDS, and other Irish Roman Catholio families of importance ; they are all, with few exceptions, of English and Pro te3tapt descent, while we have seen that the descen dants of the native Irish are almost sll Protestants. — Times. Care apparently should be taken in _ the exhibition of Professor Pepper's ghost, if lfc ^ .vishe i to peraerve a proper respect for the 8UPr' natural. It is awkward when the wrong subject r- fleeted, as was the case at a theatre the otner evening, w'ien, in one of the scones instead ot t'.o haunted man appearing before the eyes of the pouni- -nce, the figure of a oarpenter in bis shirt ?l°y''' Irinking a pint of ale, was but too faitntuuy shadowed forth. The utter unoonsciousne^ the man, who was below the stage, as to was paasing, made the ecene exewiirely ludicrout. — Sun. 