rOHALMEKS' CHURCH* ANNIVERSABY Tm anniversary of Chalmers* Qharob (Free Preat terian), Ole veland Paddoak, was celebrated by a t meeting, last eveninr- About five bandred persons i down to tea. The Boclal mea'i.whioh bad been proper* with a bappy nnicn of abundance and eleganoe, bell ended, tbe ehair was taken ty the minister cf tl ohuiob, the RT. J. L. M'Skimmlng. The fol lo ir Ji ministère «ere on the platform t-Tho Rev«. S. Hue phreya, T. A. Gordon, A. W. Murray, Dr, Steel, S. 1 Kent, A. Thomson, nod William Ridley. The CHMMMN in opening the prrosedir.ga said I regretted to have to inform them that M'. James Dici soo, M.P., who had taken the ohair at their leal ann versary, «as prevented by illness (nm being preaeo He (Mr. M'Skimmlng) therefore tnuBt take tbe eba himself. He had reoeived letters tf apology from tb Rev J. Engleston, the Rev. Thomee Smith, and the Be R. Hartley. The two latter would, fae hoped, be wit them before the end of the meeting. It was now seven am a half y i ara since that oongrrgttion wis formed, hivin off from the congregation assembling in Masqnarlt atreet, Iben under the care of the Ber, Alexander Sal mon. They first assembled in Providence Chape Dnrlng the seven and a half yearn, the congregation, con elating almcBt entirely of tradesneopl and working men, bad raised £6350. 1 waa four yeara sines be (Mr. M'Skimmlng) wa ordained in that ohurob.. During that lime the oongrc galion had rahed £8733iTs. Ort. When be arrived tb debton tbe ohurob. waa £8448 13«. Cdt Dorine, the lae two years it hod been reduoed to £3030. . For nearl nine months they had the terrors of the law 07er them But in their extremity a lady, nneolloiled by any « them, offered ibem £2000 on the ohurch for a period o years. About the same time Mr. Jamea Diokeon gav £600, «nd Mr. George Bowman un other £500. They h i Bill) £3030, an onerous bnrden to bsrr. But'thar bai no great reason to bs dowoheatt jd.| In their Sabbath Babool they bad 130scholars on the.roll, andan avereg attendance of 103, With efficient teachers they soul easily double the number. They, bad a library of to volnmer. The congregation, while borraaaed wit deb', had raised £110 for missioner j objecte, and of tba sum the children of the Sabbath-sebool gave £34 3c. fo tbe building of tbe missionary ship for the New Ht brides (Cheers > An anthem wee then sung by the choirs Tba Rev. S. BuirrnnEïs said the chairman hat touohed a ohord that virrated in bli beart. He (M*. M'Skimmlng) bad said this came waa nuraed in Provi denoe Chapel. That chapel wa« built through hie (Mr Hnmpbreye) instrumentality, The ohurch now in Rilej. street was nursed tbore. The Rev; T. Smith nnraed i eause there. At their laat annual meeting the chair man almost promised to wed. He would succeed atti better if be were complete. He rrjoloed at their pro grecs ; aod tba more beoausa be was present at iha leyine, of the foundation stone. He exhorted them to remove the remaining £2000 of debt. The tail-end of a debi was like the tail-end of a rattlesnake. AB long as it wat above Ibo gronnd it wonld make n noise. He bsd every sympathy with bis Presbyterian brethren ; but he could never ce: bis neck into tbe Cfruroh Court. That wai all the difference between them. There waa a yearning in tba hearts of all who loved and served the Lord, Their brother had not flioohed, nor drawn baek, nor turned bisooat. (Cbeerp.) The Rev. T. A. GOSDON next addressed tbe meeting' The long and pleasant ioteroiorae be bad bad with the onie ister ol that ohurob, gave a SOBI to tbe pleasure be felton tbisoooasion, in seeing suoh BO assemblage presen'. He waa glad to iee there ministers of various denomina» titnr. ' Ho bad rooked thia oh arge when it lay in the oradle, and bad always Mt a grot t intereat in .thia con- gregation. They had bad to wrestle for life almost with peouniery difficulties ; and be was glad to find that the burden of the debt bad been greatly diminished. Tbsre waa one danger oonneoted with thia struggle, against wbioh be would warn them--the danger of beginning to feel aa if suooeaa in snob. -? peouniery matters were ihe ohief end of their association. Let thom look above and beyond ali that. Sncoeas in relation to Church temporali- ties, or unavoidable failure, would work together for gcot*. He thought in . ecclesiastical proceedings the " money power" was too mooh exalted. This wonld account for their spiritual languor and want of success. God hid placed them in a position in wbioh great exer- tions were requisite to meet their mon«y liabilities ; they must remember that they were dependent on His meroy. They oould only promote the true prosperity of Z on by holy lives, and the unreserved dedication of themselves lo God. , The ohoir here sung an anthem. Rev. Dr STEEL said it gave bim great gratifioition to i see the ohairman surrounded by a sympathising audienoe. He felt ture that be should enjoy this meeting, because he met bia brethren on a oommon platform, for the pro- motion of a'oommon obj io*. He did Indeed re-echo what other speakers: bad taid wita regard to the ordeal through wbioh thia ohurob, bad passed dnrlng I tbe past seven years. He oould sympathise with bis friend tbe ohairman, became like bim ho oame into a- legacy of debt; .-bat fae iruBted (bat ihe time waa rpeedily oomiog when tba tre. Ihren would all be united in not only helping raoh other in the oily, brit also'those beyond ihe bounds. There were two topics upon wbioh ba would like to speak, viz., Church musio, and Gnnroh obilcren, (Cheers.). With regard to the firs', be bad se;n that the Australian youth were delighted with mast .ol aouodi, And why should not this taBte ba gratified.by encouraging their muiioil taite, BO tbat their voice« might mingle io lbs p>almody of tho Church 1 He bad . aa doubt if this matter were resolutely taken up by tba miniaters and people, they would, ere long, have other moeia than the long mournful " pibroobn," wbioh they so often beard ai it they were to go mournlog all the way to beaven. He liked Wesle.v-.ti einging.-be liked bappy, eames', ardent airging. Now it remained for them to train up tba oblldren so that tbey would leam to alng, and their infant voices woald be heard in the aanotuary. In this matter tboy ought to be improved. Then as to Chnroh ohildren : tbe congregation would soon be donbled in adults, as well aa in youth, for obildtaogrewnp very quiokly in Australia, They were soon coming; to yon for apeolal lioenaeB. (Cheers and laughter.) The more they attended to the youth among and around them, the more would they perpetuate the blessing« ifaay enjoyed. Tbe advancement of Sabbath.sohoola should be made a matter of aonsolenoe in all ohurobra, The union -of Sabbath.sohool tiaohers had a most binrfloiil influenoe. He hoped >ome ol the Presbyterian Sabbath« sohool teachers woald invite their brethren to aaoh o meeting «a that. Sabbath-sohod teaobera wiuld not find so many difficulties in the way of union, aa reve- rend divines did, Let teaobera j>in and the office- bearers and professional men wonld be led to follow their example and exalt the old blue banner that had been so tattered and torn of la'e. He hoped the con- gregation would diBOharge their duty to their minister, in supporting him. L?t congregations do their own I speoial doty ; but at the aime time tbe inflaenoe of tho Oarialiin brotherhood waa a Breat ho p to their». The Ber. ADAH THOMSON aild the report of the obalrman removed tho difficulty of finding a Bubjeot* He waa mu oh interested in that statement. The obapel wbioh bad nourished a Congregational, a Prca byterian, and an Episcopalian Ohurob might well be oalled "Providenoe Chapel." By that .chapel's biatory BB o type they were laogbt that all true obarohes bad the same origin, and of the hope of their complote unioo. He felt a deep interest in Congregationalists. Bispoot and love for Congregational churches had been insti'Ied into bis mind from earliest inlanoy. He often thought ibero T ai not BO muon difference between them (Pres bytrriana and Congregationalists) aa tboy were apt to imagine, If they could lay aiide prejudices whioh exlBled by names, they migtt derive muon benefit from takirg a leaf out of one anoihot'a books. (Cheers.) He rejoioed in the deliverance of the congregation from their didi ooltiea, and be believed that whenever Christiane pur» sued coosoienlioasly and resolutely the seivioo of God, God would interpose for their deliverance. Tho rolling owov of the atone from the door of tho sepulob.ro of the Lord Jesus WBB an everlasting assuraaaa tbat Divine faithfulness would remove difficulties. In tbat inetanoo Gad did far moro foribe disciples (ben they bad dared lo expect. Tb is taught the great, lassoo, ".Have filth in God." If they «ailed lill they could see the end from the beginning, they would nevar aaoompliih any great and good work. Thoy must go forward in foith. " We know not what we do, but oar ejeB are unto Thee." That was Ibe spirit in which they should go on. When their hearts were truly set to Beek God, and they de. voted themselves unreservedly to Him, tbe Lord would deliver them from difficulty. (Oheere.) I Another anthem,11 How beautiful, upon tbs mona, tains," having been sung by the choir, The Rev. S. 0. KEMI said thia wis tho first time he bad had tho pleasure of meeting them in thal cliurob. He felt a very deep lu« teresi in the free Kirk ol Bootland. They had associated with their short history names that the world would not wil.ingly let Hf, He WBB glad that they bad attached the name of "Obalmera" to that cburob. Who tbat re- spected the " Grown rights of Ouriat'»-who that admired self. FBorifloe for Obi lat's Bako-who that desired an un- answerable argument in favour of the power and effloioy of the voluntary principle, would refuse to spot k in ''OhalmeiB'Oburohf" For simplicity of ohataotor, for integrity ol principle, for dinintoiednosi of purpoio, for benevolence of heart, for aalbolloliy. of spirit, for fer- vour of piety, for grasp and power ol iotclltot, and for splendour of elcqueaov, where in tbtt a«« snail «a find Bleater than Coalmen?' Heremembered'te'ng greatly amuied «Uh' an aoeonnt of a clergyman who,. UaWnar made an exohange with Br. Chalmer«, «aa to atrnok and irritated «Uh (be relnotanl advance of (he assembling: auditory, and the qqlok retreat of many from theirpews, that he atood-np and aald,',«" We «ill not begin the publiât worship of God, till the eh ? ff'blowa off*;" a reproof wbiehc waa riofaly merited, and wbloh bad tho desired t fleet, wiav* thoa qaaintly and olevor'y .dmiorate.ed. Dr. Obatmerw eaid (t at for (weiro years he iliad expatiating on tha meanness of dieboneaty, on (be villainy of falsehood, ont (be despicable aota of oalnmny, in a word, apon all (bass deformities of character whiob awaken the nata ral indig- nation of the haman heart against the pests and disturb, ere of haman.soole'y.. Dr, Chalmers oould play on tho barp of rhetoria with no palsied.band;:oould wield tha sword of logio with no uncertain aim, and yet his testi- mony is that he never hoard of any.reformation amongst tbose whom fae addressed. Bat when he laid aside this method, and dwelt with all the earnestness of a soul Brid with tho love o ' Christ, and filled with the Spirit ot God apon tb» cardinal doctrines of the Goipel-ruin by tho fall, re» demption hy (he eroBr>, and regeneration by the Holy Ghost-he laboured not in vain, he spent not hi» strength for nought ;-tbe Cburob was revived and slur ara wera converted. "The GospeMsthe power of God unto salvation." " The Gospel is mighty through G id, te tho palling dawn cf the strong holds of.s'n and Satcn." Tho name of Jesus ie above every name, and antil this world shall be wrapped in its winding sheet of flame that nama will never lose its power to quicken and to save.. For.evertbatdear saored nama,. Shall dwelt opon my tongue,. And Jeans sadsaWauon be The thoms of.OTtrj song. From an inoldent in the life of Dr; Chalmers, (ba sudden death of an aged Highland obief, with whom he had been spending the evening at (he boole of a mutual'friend, the speaker enforoed (be necessity laid opon the . servants of Christ to be instant ia seaton and oat of season. His (Mr. Kant's) bean's desire and prayer wi» that the work of God in that Charon might be revived, their pastor abundantly blessed, ? and many, led to say earnestly,-« Sir, we would tee JdBU>." (Cheers,). \- After another anthem, The CHAICUAK, said as it was late, thoBev. Ur. Murray deolined to speak on that oeooaion, but ho boped be.'oro long they would bave a missionary meet- ing there, when Mr.. Murray would deBoribo to them tho §ood work whiob he bad seen i deo ted in tho South ea».. Thanks weis then accorded to tba speakers, tho ladies wbo presided at the tea, (he committee, and tha obolr. The proceedings were (hen conoluded by tba benediction. 