NEWS AND NOTES. At the District Police Court, on Thursday, a tall able-looking man, whose name we at present sup- press, and who was arrested in Bullarook Forest, was charged with being one of the persons impli- cated in the recent murderous attack on the toll- gate keeper on the Raglan road. The prisoner was remanded until Monday on the application of Detective officer Hudson, and it is probable that by that time two others will be in custody for the same offence. The Rev. Mr Taylor's lectures, on "St Paul," were resumed on Thursday evening, before the largest audience that has yet assembled during the course. The hall was crowded to the doors, not fewer than from 700 to 750 persons being present-Mr J. W. Gray, of McDowall and Gray, presiding on the occa- sion. Mr Taylor pursued his subject by tracing the progress of St Paul and his companions, and by pass- ing observations on the style of Paul's preaching, the principles which guided his discourses, and the motives, character, and doings of his colleagues. The hall was nearly filled for some time before the lecture began, Mr Taylor being engaged in exhibiting some interesting relics of his travels in Asia and Africa. Among the things exhibited were fragments of the walls of Jerusalem and Tyre, and a fragment of rock from the Cave of Hebron; a piece of ala- baster from an Egyptian temple ; a thorn, about six inches long, which the lecturer presumed to be similar to those with which Christ was de- risively crowned; a piece of parchment from Sa- maria, the inhabitants of which nation the lecturer said had dwindled down to fewer than two hundred persons; some coins of the reign of Constantine, and other ancient numismatic treasures. Besides the exhibits already mentioned, there were several floral specimens in glazed frames. It is unnecessary to add that this very interesting, collection was ex- amined by the audience with great and eager plea- sure. This evening the reverend gentleman will de- liver the last of his course of lectures, and we advise those who have not yet gone to the hall to go early if they wish to get a seat. For the information of those of our readers outside Wesleyan circles of in- telligence, we may state that the object of these lec- tures is to supply Mr Taylor with the means of pay- ing off a debt of some £4000, for which he has made himself responsible in connection with a Bethel Chapel erected in San Francisco, a previous building having been destroyed in one of the monster fires which have at intervals visited that auriferous city, an experience of ill- fortune which this still more golden city can very well comprehend. For this debt Mr Taylor has given bills, and it is a singular coincidence that he found at the Melbourne Hospital an American sailor who held one of his bills for £400 on which Mr Taylor has been able to pay the holder £100 already. Mr Taylor also sells a series of books written by himself, some descriptive of his adventures and ex- periences in California and elsewhere, and some of a more severely hortatory nature. We are informed that the series of revival services under Mr Taylor's auspices in Ballarat are at an end, some 540 pro- fessions of conversion, having been made during his stay here, the converts including the well-known "Bones" of the Campbell Minstrels Company, lately performing at the Theatre Royal. On Saturday, Mr Taylor will proceed on a tour through Creswick, Clunes, Smythesdale, and other places in this dis- trict. At the Linton Police Court on Thursday, before the Police Magistrate, the following civil cases were disposed of as indicated: -Robert Ross v Charles Steam, £5 18s 6d, board; order for amount and costs. Robert Ross v Thomas Roddon, £15 18s 6d, board; order for amount and costs. Robert Ross v Henry Hicks, £2 7s, board; order for amount and costs. A paragraph appeared in Tuesday's issue re- specting an inquest held at the Old House at Home, Carngham, on the bodies of two male abor- igines, named Old Donald and Burn Bank Jackey, in which it is stated that they were found in the bush near Russell's station, and it was suspected they had been poisoned by the gins. Mr Andrew Porteous writes to the effect that our correspondent is in error as to the first statement, and as regards the reported poisoning, the writer remarks:- "As I am thoroughly acquainted with the case, having seen the aborigines every day for the last five weeks, and had them properly attended, to, I can certify that such a statement has not been uttered in the neighbor- hood. The last named aborigine, a quiet young man of about 23 years old, and a strictly sober man, was thrown from a young horse and knocked in the belly, about six weeks ago." Mr Porteous concludes his letter by stating that as our correspondent's "statement is calculated to mislead the public with regard to the treatment of the poor aborigines, he will oblige both the writer and the public by giving his authority for making the statement." Doubtless our correspondent will be prepared to explain any misunderstanding, if such there be in the matter. At the Carngham Police Court on Tuesday, Jane Johnson, charged with using obscene language in a public place on the 26th inst., was discharged. Elizabeth Wilson, charged with having no visible means of support, was discharged on condition that she left the district within forty-eight hours. The following civil causes were then dealt with:- Police v Cuminins; the defendant was charged with having permitted persons who had no visible means of sup- port to frequent his house. The police proved that the house was but a low brothel, and a nuisance to the neighbors. The Bench gave the defendant four- teen days to clear out of the district. Police v Walters and Holland, for carrying on business on a gold field without being the holder of a business license; ?... 5 ?feet ?.. for ?fourteen days. Inspector of Weights ?.. 1½ ?George ?Day, for having in his pos- session a certain half-pint measure, unstamped; withdrawn on payment of 15s costs. Same v Maria Lewis, this was a similar complaint; withdrawn. Russell and another v Kirkland, goods, £19 19s 6d; order for the amount and 5s costs. The spring exhibition of the Horticultural Society has been postponed until the 21st November, in con- sequence of the lateness of the season. The Grand Trunk Company, Springdallah, is engaged in putting in a main level seventy feet above the old one. From prospects previously obtained, it is expected this will equal the Try Again Company's claim in richness. The Hit or Miss Tunneling Com- pany, under the management of Mr John Barnes, promises to turn out well: a bucket of dirt washed out on Wednesday yielded 3 dwt 20 gr of gold. The Atlas Company is making way with the sinking. The Try Again Company has nearly finished the new puddling machine. The Alpha Company is progressing well with the erection of the machinery. Our local correspondent says that the boiler be- longing to the Port Phillip Company, Clunes, bogged for several days at Sulky Gully, has arrived at Cres- wick, and will be taken on to Clunes on Monday. At the District Police Court, on Thursday, James Selkirk was charged with having stolen an opossum rug, valued at 40s, the property of James Dennett. The accused was remanded. On Wednesday night the ratepayers of Winter's Hill held a public meeting in Maddison's Greyhound Hotel for the purpose of taking into consideration the means of procuring a bridge over the Yarrowee Creek at the south-eastern corner of Winter's paddock, there being no road whatever at the pre- sent time. A committee was appointed to draw up a memorial and procure signatures. The memorial is to be presented to the Buninyong District Road Board. On Thursday, at the Duke of Richmond Hotel, Ballarat, Dr Clendinning held an inquest on the body of Emma Whitburn, whose death, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, took place on the same day, at her own residence, Princes street, Ballarat, and arose from natural causes, being caused by compression of the brain from a cancerous tumor forming within its substance. The deceased was the wife of Edmond Whitburn, miner, forty-four years of age, and the daughter of Thomas and Mary Gillard, of Cornwall. The deceased had been under the care of Dr Hillas some nine or ten months previously, for an affection of the head, but had not had any medical attendance since. On Tues- day she was in her usual health, but on Wednesday she felt sleepy and kept her bed. She complained of no pain, but on the next morning was unable to speak. On the return of her husband with Dr Hud- son she was quite dead. Dr Hudson made the post mortem examination, and found imbedded in the anterior lobe of the left cerebrum a medullary cancer of the size of a cricket ball, and evidently of long standing. A meeting of the Hospital Committee was held last night in reference to the nuisance in Mair street, caused by the drainage from the hospital, and the threatened action of the Borough Council respecting the same. Some of the members of the committee are under the impression that it is the duty of the Council to abate the nuisance by extending the drainage into the Gnarr Creek, while others are of a contrary opinion, and to add to the complication, some persons resident in Ballarat East are opposed to the drainage flowing into the creek mentioned. The Confederate Company has been working both alluvial and quartz during the past week. From the former the company has obtained 25 oz of gold, and it purposes having a trial crushing of the quartz shortly. The injunction obtained by the Nonpareil Company prevents the Confederate Company work- ing the richer portion of the ground, and has of course a prejudicial effect on the scrip. On Thursday, at the Butchers' Arms Hotel, Bal- larat, Dr Clendinning held an inquest on the body of Samuel Elliott, whose death, according to the evidence and the verdict of the jury, took place on the same day, in Sailor's Gully, Plank road, Balla- rat, and was caused by drowning, from having, as was believed, accidentally fallen into a water-hole at that place. The deceased was aged two years and three months, and the son of Israel and Mary Elliott. Mrs Elliott deposed that about mid-day she was washing, and requiring to leave the house for some chips, she obtained the aid of a neighbor's child (aged five or six years) to look after her two children during her absence. On her return, she found that the deceased had left the house, being informed to that effect by the little girl left in charge. On Mrs Elliott looking out, she discovered the deceased floating face downward in a water hole about twenty yards distant. When taken out, the deceased was quite cold and dead. Dr Suther- land made the post mortem examination. The price of gold which up to a few days ago ranged from £4 0s 6d to £4 1s per ounce has within the last few days receded. One of the banks how- ever is still giving £4 1s per ounce, and the mana- ger states that he is prepared to purchase any quan- tity he can get at this price. On Thursday evening a most disgusting exhibition was witnessed in Ballarat East. A woman, a new arrival from Sydney, lay on the footpath in a beastly state of intoxication, screaming and kicking violently, uttering imprecations and filthy language of a most abominable description. It required the united efforts of three constables to remove her to the lock-up ; and on the way she resisted violently. She was followed by a large concourse of people anxious to witness "the fun." Mr Dyte, J.P., attended at the Eastern lock-up on Thursday and disposed of three prisoners, viz., Joseph Fishbill, charged with obstructing the foot- path was remanded; James Jones charged with stealing two tumblers from a hotel in the Melbourne road, and William Long charged with vagrancy, were also remanded. Mr Henry Neil Warner takes his benefit at the Theatre Royal this evening, when the play "Ham- let" will be performed, with Mr Warner as Hamlet, Mr Hoskins as the Ghost, Miss Harland as Ophelia, and the other characters by the company. The play is one in which Mr Warner has made himself a good name, for his playing of Hamlet is perhaps his greatest histrionic success, having in it points of merit not excelled by some actors of greater reputa- tion. We trust that he will be well patronised. The performances are announced as under the auspices of the legal profession and the members of the Bal- larat Cricket Club. On Thursday two Europeans who were working in some old ground in Canadian Gully, unearthed a four ounce nugget, which they disposed of to Witt- kowski Brothers. The Council of the Borough of Ballarat East ap- pear to be letting an opportunity go by for getting the east side of Barkly street, south of Barkly street bridge, extended, and a footpath made, with- out cost to the ratepayers. Anyone walking along Barkly street from Main street, towards the Llan- beris Company's claim, will perceive that the foot- path on the east side is stopped by a pile of quartz tailings at the Llanberris claim, while the men emptying that company's sand- pits are wheeling the sand up hill to a considerable distance eastward from the pits. Now, it would be a benefit both to the Llanberis Company and to the public if the footpath-blocking heap should be levelled, and the company's men, instead of wheeling up-hill to form another mound to the eastward, were to discharge their barrows in a southerly direction on a level close by the road bank. By this means the road would be widened, the footpath continued in the proper alignment, the Llanberis men's work more easily done, the company's debris more readily dis- posed of, and all at no expense to anybody. The greater part of the furniture for the Turkish Baths has now arrived, and a meeting of the direc- tors will be held on Saturday, to make arrange- ments for the opening of the building on Monday next. A superintendent, we understand, will be appointed at the same time from a list of some eight applications sent in. A person who has been con- nected with the Melbourne baths has been engaged to superintend the arrangements and attend to the patrons of the institution in the sudatorium. Several persons have applied for the two shops in the front portion of the building, and it is probable that one or both will be at once ?be ?let. We are informed ?that ?there will be a church parade of the members of the Volunteer Corps on Sunday next, at three o'clock when they will be marched to St. Paul's Church, where a suitable sermon will be preached on the occasion by a clergy- man other than the incumbent of the church. A rifle shooting match is to take place on an early day between Capt. Campbell and Sergeant Mumby for £1 a-side. The competitors are to shoot with a Whit- worth and a Henry rifle, at distances from 200 to 900 yards. Another rifle shooting match, for £1 a-side and the same distances, has been made between Sergeant Ivey and Private Fitzgerald. The com- petitors are to shoot with Government rifles. The cricket match between the Criterion Club and the Creswick Club will not take place to-day, but on Friday next. The postponement has been made because the Creswick ground, where the match is to be played, has recently been flooded. The suit between, the Atlas and Koh-i-noor com- panies was concluded yesterday. The evidence was finished soon after 12 o'clock, and the rest of the day was taken up by arguments of counsel, at the con- clusion of which his Honor reserved his decree. The Golden Rivers Junction Company held its quarterly meeting on Tuesday evening, the 27th October, at the Camp Hotel, Ballarat, Mr Tugwell in the chair. The Manager's report and financial statement were read and adopted, and the following directors for the ensuing quarter were elected, viz:- Messrs Tugwell, Rumsey, McQuie, Knoth, Bull, and Glover. Messrs Tugwell and McQuie were re- appointed auditors. The amateur dramatic performance at Clunes, on Wednesday evening, in aid of the funds of the local Mechanics' Institute, was attended by the elite of the place. The Lyceum Theatre was crowded, and upwards of £30 taken. The pieces ("Bardell v Pickwick" and "Bombastes Furioso") were well cast, the make-up good, and the acting commen- able. Our local correspondent remarks:- The local hits by Mr Collier as Sergeant Snuffin, and afterwards as Fusbos, were well received and caused roars of laughter. Mr Millist made a good Distaffina, both looking and playing the character to admiration. Between the pieces the singing of Messrs Lamble and another gentleman was much applauded and loudly encored. Mr Beard, from Maryborough, pre- sided at the piano, and executed several pieces of music in a very masterly style. At the conclusion the national anthem was sung by the whole of the company. The publishers of Mr James Bonwick's "The Wild White Man and the Blacks of Victoria," have just issued a second edition of that valuable little manual of information respecting the settlement of Victoria, and the history, language, manners, and customs of the aboriginal population. Along with an immense amount of facts acquired by a lengthened residence in the country, aided by unusually good observational faculties, Mr Bonwick has brought to- gether all noteworthy expressions of opinion from the works of other writers, and the result is, that the little work now before us will remain a text book on the subject. The unpretentious and thin but closely printed volume will not be superseded as a storehouse of material, though it is possible that some one may be found to throw the whole into a more flowing and connected narrative. Mr Bon- wick is thoroughly in earnest, and tells his story with an air of generous enthusiasm which alone invests what he has to say with an uncommon amount of interest. He appears to have been personally acquainted with Simon, the son of the chief Jagga Jagga, who sold the land to Batman, and from this Simon to have acquired much valuable information. The book commences with a plain unvarnished relation of the facts in connection with the history and dis- covery of William Buckley, who resided for thirty- three years with the aborigines near Geelong, with the avowed intention of eliminating the fiction from the fact contained in the biography of Buckley pub- lished some years ago in Hobart Town. As a suit- able sequel to this, we have some particulars of James Morrill, who resided seventeen years with the aborigines of North Australia. Mr Bonwick's last chapter treats of the causes of the decline and gra- dual extinction of the aborigines. He conceives "there is no shadow of hope of perpetuating the race, or of inducing them to adopt our civilised pur- suits. But we may supply their wants, provide them with attendance and shelter when sick, shield them from the licentiousness of their white neigh- bors, and preserve them from their arch-enemy, strong drink." Our author concludes- "Yet still the question returns, why should our dark races pass away? There was no apparent diminution of physical force, moral power, or mental activity. Humboldt speaks of the Peruvians as 'the fading remnants of a society sinking amidst storms, overthrown and shattered by overwhelming catastrophes.' It is otherwise with our aborigines. They retire to the cold shades amidst serenity and peace: Like ships that have gone down at sea, When Heaven was all tranquillity. The signs of their decrepitude suddenly fall upon them, as the curtain of night descends in the tropics. With diseased frames, with hopeless feelings, home- less and childless, the present generation glides away from us. Like the leaves of an English autumn, they wither and fall; but, alas! there is no spring for them. The sheoak hangs its mornful, weird-like appendages over their tombs; and on its knotted leafless strings, the passing breezes play their solemn requiem." At the Clunes Police Court on Wednesday, before Messrs Thompson and Harvey, Justices of the Peace, John Kinsman was brought up on remand, charged with wilfully destroying property belonging to Jane Sincock. The prosecutrix not having appeared the prisoner was discharged. The following civil causes were then dealt with:- Manager of the Clunes Gas Company v Samuel Connell, £4 2s 6d, gas; struck out. Same v Charles Dugdale, £5 8s 6d, gas; struck out. Antonio Giachino v James Geddes, £2 5s, goods; order for amount and 5s costs. James Heath v James McIntosh, for charging £10 excessive damages on a horse impounded at Clunes. Mr Jessop for the complainant. From the evidence it appeared that a horse belonging to Heath had strayed into McIntosh's paddock. From the way the animal was jumping on the mares the defendant believed him to be an entire, and impounded him as such. A veterinary surgeon named Niels Nicholson, and a Carrier called Allen, proved the castration of the horse, and that no injury to mares could be caused by him. The Bench made an order for £9 19s to be returned to the complainant, with £8 costs. R. Longstaff v Joseph Whitby, £9 14s 5d, goods; struck out. Joseph Winnett v R. W. Schmidt, wil- fully destroying a gander, value £1 10s; Mr Jessup for the complainant. The identity of the gander not being proved the case was dismissed without costs. A refreshment license was granted to Patrick Deegan, of North Clunes, and a carrier's license to Thomas Jenkins, of Clunes. The Riverine Herald of Wednesday says:- "Nearly 2000 bales of wool have been landed within the last fortnight at Clough's Wharf, Echuca. Although it is being got away as fast as possible, a very large quantity yet awaits removal to Melbourne." We learn from the Argus that the Legislative Committee of the City Council of Melbourne held a meeting on Wednesday at which the subject of the New Adulteration of Food Act was earnestly discussed. Advantage was taken of the presence of Dr Macadam, the health officer of the corporation, to ascertain the most effective way of dealing with the question of prevention of sale of unsuitable food, and eventually it was decided, as a first step, to advertise by placard the salient por- tions of the new act. The public may be glad to know that in the Government laboratory arrange- ments have been made to facilitate the speedy opera- tion of the new law. In these proceedings the sub- urban municipal councils will perhaps find matter for imitation. The Argus says- "Some rumors have been afloat in certain circles in town for some few days past of a discovery made in the railway traffic department of the use of false weights by a carrying firm. As very few detailed facts were stated, and lest they should be exaggerated by underhand rumor, we in- stituted a few inquiries, the effect of which proves the case to be of considerably less importance than appeared in the first instance. It occurred some three weeks since, when a parcel of some four or five tons of sugar was sent up the main line through a carrier named McCulloch. The railway clerk in Melbourne accepted the declaration of a clerk in the carrier's employ as to the weight, but when the sugar arrived at Castlemaine it was found to weigh a ton more. On inquiry the carrier's clerk explained that he had taken the weight from the Customs drayman who brought the goods from the bonded store. The result was, that the carrier's clerk was dismissed from his employment; and the railway department is itself dealing with the matter of the railway clerk, who, it is said, stands to a large extent ?covered by the circumstances under which the affair took place. Several little "mistakes," mostly respecting the par- ticular classification of goods, have lately attracted the vigilant attention of the heads of the traffic de- partment of the Victorian Railways." BOROUGH COUNCIL OF CLUNES. Tuesday, 27th October. The meeting of the Council, which had been ad- journed twice previously (viz., Monday and Friday) for want of a quorum, was held as above. Pre- sent- The Mayor, and Crs Coundon, Jones, Angus, and Hannah, who had made the necessary declara- tion. The minutes of the meeting of ratepayers held on the 30th September, and the Council meeting on the same day, were confirmed. On the reading of the minutes of the election of assessors and auditors, Cr Coundon moved- "That the legality of the election be referred to the solicitor of the Council." This was seconded by Cr Angus, and carried. CORRESPONDENCE. The following letters were read:- 1\. From the Department of Lands and Survey, notifying the proclamation of the Gold Fields Com- mon for Clunes. The consideration of the letter was deferred till next meeting. 2\. From Mr Dow, requesting permission to place building materials on the road opposite Mr Shrigley's. The application was granted. 3\. From Cr Lathlain, announcing the resignation of his seat in the Council. The resignation was received. 4\. From Mr Moffitt, asking permission to erect a verandah. Granted, subject to the approval of the Town Surveyor. 5\. From Mr W. M. Brown, respecting the supply of stationery. 6\. From the Department of Trade and Customs, intimating that the Government had decided upon the erection of an immigration depot in the Agricul- tural Reserve at Ballarat. 7\. From the Treasury, Melbourne, intimating that the Borough of Clunes was entitled to the amount of £1580 16s 2d out of the municipal grant, and enclosing an account for the balance of £1230 16s 2d. 8\. From Mr Grims, soliciting that he be continued in his occupation as nightman. The application was granted. THE TOWN CLERK'S REPORT. The report of the Town Clerk relative to inter- views with the heads of departments in Melbourne abont borough business, was ordered to be considered at the next meeting. MEETINGS. It was resolved that the day and hour of meeting be every alternate Tuesday, at 3 p.m. COMMITTEES. The Council proceeded to the appointment of committees, as follows: - Public Works Committee- The whole of the Council. Finance Committee- The Mayor, Crs Mark, Coundon, and Jones. Legislative Committee- The Mayor, Crs Jones, Hannah and Angus ; three to form a quorum. Any three members of the Finance Committee to be em- powered to sign cheques. APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS. Cr Coundon moved, and Cr Angus seconded "That the consideration of the appointment of town clerk and surveyor be postponed until next meeting, when the appointment and increase of salary should be taken into consideration ; also, that the town clerk be requested to continue his duties until that date." Cr Hannah moved, as an amendment- "That Mr J. H. Smith be appointed town derk and surveyor, and that his salary be considered next meeting." This was seconded by Cr Jones, and carried. Moved by Cr Coundon, seconded by Cr Hannah, and carried- "That the Town Clerk be appointed Treasurer." Moved by Cr Coundon, seconded by Cr Hannah, and carried- "That security be given for the due and faithful performance of tbe duties of Town Clerk, Treasurer, and Town Surveyor, in the sum of £300, in the Guarantee Society." The Town Inspector was confirmed in his appoint- ment, at a salary of £25 per annum. The present honorary Health Officer, Dr Robinson, was re appointed. APPOINTMENT OF VALUER. Cr Coundon moved, Cr Angus seconded, and it waa carried- ''That advertisements be inserted in the newspapers, requesting application from persons competent to undertake the office of valuer, stating the remuneration required, at per centum, on the confirmed annual value. Application to be sent in on or before the 17th November." GENERAL BUSINESS. The Town Clerk was authorised to procure neces- say books and stationery. The annual balance of the accounts was ordered to be made up to the 1st of October in each year. It was ordered that the Creswick and Clunes Adver- tiser be the medium for advertising. The Bank for deposits, selected by the Council, was the Union Bank of Australia. CAMP STREET BRIDGE. The Town Surveyor's report, with reference to the cost of a bridge at the foot of Camp street, was or- dered to stand over for future consideration. ACCOUNTS. The following accounts were passed for pay- ment:- Maloney ... £20 0 0 Cleaning Council Chambers ... 1 10 0 Labor schedule ... 18 19 0 Government Printer ... 1 0 6 Petty cash on account ... 3 0 0 HOURS OF ATTENDANCE. The days and hours of attendance for the Town Clerk, for ordinary business, were ordered to be Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, from 10 a.m. till 4 p.m. NOTICE OF MOTION. Cr Coundon gave notice that he would move, next meeting- "That instructions be given to the Town Clerk to write to the Minister of Justice to be in- formed when Clunes will be gazetted a place for holding a County Court and Court of Mines." The Council then adjourned. THE NAKED MAN OF CASTLEMAINE.- It will be fresh in the memory of our readers, that about twelve months ago a man named Beel was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment for extraordinarily indecent conduct. This ruffian was a terror to Castlemaine for months, and no decent person could leave their house after dark, and so well was he ac- quainted with this that he at last ventured into the heart of Castlemaine, naked, and presented himself to a Mrs Evans, who boldly challenged the villain. When he saw Mrs Evans was determined not to be frightened, he took to his heels and attempted to escape, but she gave him chase and actually effected his arrest. He was sentenced to twelve months, the Bench paying Mrs Evans a high compliment for her courage. Beel is again at large, and in Castlemaine, and had the impudence to go to a claim where Mrs Evans' son was working, and ask his name- no doubt knowing perfectly well who he was. He then asked where he lived. The boy showed him his house; he went and stood in front for some time, when he was recognised by Mrs Evans, who shouted- "There is that man, Beel." He at once, coward like, ran away. Mrs Evans is very much alarmed at the appearance of this man, and is under the fear of some bodily injury. We hope the authorities will not forget the courage of Mrs Evans, and give all due protection. The police should watch the ruffian.- M, A. Mail, 29th October. 