THE NEWS OF THE DAY. By tlio Groat Britain, which arrived yesterday with six hundred passengers, we have intelligence to the 27th January, hoing a day later than that received by tho mail. It is not of much importance, though there are some points of interest. We leavi- from a Berlin telegraph of the 2Cth, that tho Polish insurrection had heen completely subdued at War saw, and it was expected that it would bo quicldy suppressed throughout the country. It was re ported from St. l'ctorsburgn, under me same date, that the Czar bad publicly laid the blttino of tho movement on tho broad shonlders of ' the revolutionary party.' In the Fronch Senate a polite and dutiful address was returned to the Queen's Imperial speech. Tho usual good understanding with his Holiness tho Pope was enunciated, and tho senators, in conclu sion, expressed regret that the offer of Prance, to mediate in the affairs of America, had appeared premature to tiie other Powers. There was nothing fresh from America. Our dittos from Adelaide arc to the 1st instant. The South Australian Register professes to know some of the secrets of tho Tariff Conference. In tho issue of that journal for the 28th ult. wo find the following: — ' Tho Intercolonial Conference met in Melbourne on Friday, and sat for four hours. Tho Treasurer telegraphed to the Chief Secretary to the effect that ' progress was satisfactory.' Another telegram was subsequently received in cypher, of conrsc much too important for vulgar ears ; in short, n State secret. In spite, however, of ' cyphers ' and 'keys,' wo can inform out readers, on the authority of our own little bird, that the question discussed on Friday was that of tho tariff, nud that there was a much more liberal spirit evinced toward South Australia than at first was expected. Last night tho Chief Secretary telegraphed (not in cypher) to the Hon. A. Blyth, stating that it would be well to suggest to tho Conference tho desirableness of adopting a resolution, not merely against the forming of a now penal settlement on Australian soil, hnt against any further shipment of conrints to Western Australia.' The Register of the 1st iust. understands that the proceedings of tho conference ' are considered very satisfactory, but as publication of particulars might embarrass the action of the commissioners,' nothing more could be revealed. Yesterday being Good Friday, the day,' according to Christion usage, was observed as a fast in tho con gregations of the Church of England and Roman Catholic bodies. The various placos of worship were well attended. At St. Francis1 Roman Catholic Church, a sermon was preached by the Rev. Jere miah Donovan, in aid of the funds of the Mel bourne Hospital. A large section of the community observed the day as a holiday; all tho public offices, and most of tho places of business in and around Melbourne being closed. The woather was in every way conducive to the enjoyment of those who sought out-of-door recreation. The trains from tho country districts on Thursday and Friday brought crowds of pleasure-seekers to spend their Easter pastime in the metropolis; and not a few of tho city folk availed themselves of the return single fares to pay a visit to the most iriortant gold-fields towns, and inspect tho afternoon, the favorite pleasure grounds and marine resorts were largely patronised. Brighton was visited by hundreds of people. Some amused themselves by strolling along tho beach, in haling the refreshing sea-breeze, and very numerous pic-nic dinners were discussed on the sward and bo aenth tho shade of the scrub, and hero and there might be heard the sound of a violin or a concertina, suggestive of a polka or a quadrille. Vehicles of every description were to bo seen in abundance, from the buggy down to tho cart ; in fact, tho road seemed to be as well patronised us the rail. The evening trains back to Melbourne were crowded, and a regular rush for seat3 ensued on each arrival. The St. Kilda beach likewise attracted a largo number of people. TLe Snburbon Railway Companies, as is customary on holiday occasions, ran double the number of trains at convenient intervals. On the Government lines return tickets were issued at single fares, and the traffic to all the leading stations was about doubled. The shipping at Sandridgo was a source of great interest to many, and the arrival of the Great Britain with 600 passengers was of course, a special attraction. Daring the afternoon a large number of people wont on board, and scraped acquaintance with tho new arrivals, a large number of whom are Continental vignerons. The Botanic Gardens, Royal Park, Richmond Paddock, Studley Park, and the many favorite rural retreats of the suburbs of Melbourne, were visited by a large number of pic-nic parties, and tho green sward, wherever it was practicable, was hid under tribute for a merry dance. Number less amusements are provided for Easter Monday. Iu addition to the Volunteer review, ruecs, quoit matches, &a;, the ancient order of Odd Fellows' will hold a grand fete. Wo have dates from Mauritius to the 11th Feb., but the news is unimportant. Sir E. Redmond, a jnclge of the Supreme Court, died on the 5th of February. It was proposed to erect a testimonial to the memory of the late Sir Win. Stevenson, tho Go vernor, by public subscription, but a portion of the press objected. The Echo du Peuple announces a rumor that Cnptain Anson, Superintendent of Po lice, has been suspended from bis functions bj- his Honor General Johustonu, but the minor is contra dicted by the other journals. By the wny of Mauritius 'we have intelligence from tho eastern part of the Capo of Good Hope to the Kith of January. The border relations of the Free State are in a very unsatisfactory state. It is reported for a fact, that at one of tho police stations nil the men, except two or throe, have deserted with their arms and equipments, and have -jone into Basutoland, where they hnvo actually sold their brcoch-loading riiles to the natives ! Thefts of stock continue to be very common and daring. Thoro was some excitement in British Kaft'raria about the question of annexation. It did not appear that any very definite instructions had buen sent to the Governor _ou the subject. A strong feeling against annexation prevailed in the country. A peculiar disease had made its appearance iu some herds ; tho symptoms being weakness in th« hind . quarters, followed by total prostration aud death. One of the diseased oxen was opened, and the lungs were found grown to its side, and in one of the 'ings was a hard lump, which proved to be full of a watery fluid. A now town called Tnrkastaadt has 'ccntly sprung up between Cradock and Queen's 'own. It already boasts of 'two duly licensed hotels.' JVom Natal there is no news of moment. Plio tsetao lly hud made its nppen.unci) iu close proximity to the colony, but the funnel* wore hopeful that it would not spread- further south. Garotting seoms to |,e fliingeroiwly increasing. '*« regret to learn that on Wednesday evening last, about half-past nine o'clock, a desperate case of niglmay robbery, with violence, wes committed in kast Melbourne. A letter carrier, iminud William Himly, Wns proceeding on his way home, along Ilotliam street, when a man passed him quickly, and w, j tttly turned round and caught him by the collar, , ''row him On his back. . Hardy resisted as well as he could, |,,,t tho rumaii who hud him in his ?°wer, with his ]£UGe ou llig ollQSt t0 lu.evont uim w'»ng out, pulled out r . clasp knifo and threatened to cut his throat if he offorod to movo or cry for assistance. Unluckily there was no one passing at the time, and he then coolly cut out Hardy's right trousers pocket end rifled tho others, obtaining four five pound and four one pound notes. This done, with another threat if Hardy cried ont, he im mediately made his escape. The five pound notes were now, but tho numbers not having been known, they cannot be identified. It appears Hardy re ceived tho money that day, being the usual monthly pay-day, and and amongst it was £12 7s he bad re ceived for another employe, named George Ambler. Hardy has been able to give a full description of the robber, and the detectives aro on the alert, so thnrn is little doubt but that he will speedily be secured. The Government, it is stated, have accepted tho tender of Mr Bourne for the portion of the exten sion of the railway lino from Sandhurst to Huntly. The sum mentioned is at the rate of £10,000 per mile. It will bo seen from our police report that O'ltyau, one of the Morningtou conspirators, figures in a charge of obtaining money under falso pretences. M. Von Guerard lias completed another fine illustration of Australian scenery. It is one of bis admirable sylvan pieces, the scene being tho Wild Dog Creek, near Apollo Bay. This excellent picture, we understand, is a commission from a Melbourne merchant. The President of the Board of Land and Works received a deputation, on Thursday, from the Muni cipal Council of Sandhurst, for the purjiose of asking whether the board would set aside a portion of tho land on either side of tho proposed tramway from Sandhurst to Inglewood, for the purpose of eventual endowment. It was stated that the trninway would cost about £100,000. Mr Duffy suggested that the Commissioner of Railways should bring the matter before the Cabinet, aud Mr Mitchell, who was pre sent, promised to do so. An audacious robbery was committed by some juvenile offenders on the St. Kilda road ou Thursday. Some laborers, employed in mending tho road near the toll-gate, had left their coats and dinners not far from the place at which they woro working, when threo of the young freebooters made a sudden pouueo on ino property, scampering oit, notiy pur sued by the owners. After a sharp run tho scamps were overtaken, tho plunder recovered, und the prisoners released aftor a sound thrashing. Another up-country journal is announced. It is to br- published at Chines, bi-woekly, under the title of the Clunes Gazette A caso of insubordination against four members of tho Prahran and South Yarra Rifle Corps is now pending before the Prahran Polico Court. The defendants aro charged with non-payment of fines, and with insubordination in refusing either to attend the drills or to pay the fines. Tho decision of the magistrates is postponed for tho opinion of the legal authorities. The tables are being turned with a vengeance. It is not tho squatters, with Mr Don's metaphorical stockwhip at their backs, but fanners, artizans, and diggers, who are now boing driven across the Mur ray. According to the Border Post there is a re gular rush of the lattor class from Victoria, in search of ' homos' on tho Now South Wales side of the Murray. Free-selection before survey over the whole two inilo frontage to the rivor, deferred pay ments, and a grazing right to throo times the quantity purchased, are terms which offer strong inducements to tho intending settler. And so it ap pears that in fifteen months nenrly 8000 acres of land have been purchased at the Albury Land Office alono — not a very large quantity to be sure, but it must not bo forgotten, our contemporary observes, that the whole of tho land is taken up under condi tions of bond fide residence and cultivation, and that the demand is steady and permanent, increasing eacii year as me piougning season sets in. XJiat, fortunately for New South Wales, is the very season Victoria is absolutely without a Land law. How much this stampede across tho border has to do with tho Riverine Separation movement we will not un dertake to say. The Bourke General Sessions wero concluded last Wednesday. None of the cases heard were of any particular interest. A woman of the tow», named Catherine Lawrence) was sentenced to two years' hard labor for stealing a purso of sovereigns from an Italian named Battisto, who accompanied her homo. Two young men named Allen and Goodfellow were each sentenced to twelve mouths' imprisonment with hard labor for stealing two candlesticks from a hotel in town. The evi dence against thorn was most conclusive, one of them having been observed entering by a room window in the hotel, and stealing tbo candlesticks whilst the other held the window open. A cabman, named John Simmonds, was indicted for stealing a gold watch and chain from a female named Bryant. Tho charge was not sustained, and tho jury, after considering their verdict for over two hours, acquitted the prisoner, who was then discharged. A young lad named Magson, charged with stealing a watch and purse from a miner named Finney, was also acquitted, there being no direct evidence against him. A woman named Munro, was also acquitted of a charge of stealing a purse of sovereigns from a labor ing man, whom she had evidently decoyed to her house. John Quinn, found guily on tho previous day of robbery, was sentenced to three years' hard labor on the roads. Two appeal cases were also disposed of, in which tho convictions in both wero quashed, the one by the consent of both sides, and tho other by tho court with costs. Telegraphic communication with Sydney was in terrupted for tho greater part of Thursday, and again yesterday. Yesterday, being Good Friday, was observed as a holiday at the Adelaide office. Tho Sandridge bench of magistrates, in the caso of the complaint of the Emigration Offlcor against the master of the steamer Wonga Wonga, from Ade laide, for a breach of tbo Passengers' Act, in carry ing prohibited cargo of sheep and horses, have post poned judgment, in order that the opinion of the law officers may be taken. Another accident occurred ou the Geelong line, on Thursday afternoon, to tho 10.30 goods train from Melbourne, by which the passengers of the 11.30 train from Ballunrat woro detained at tbo Wervibee for some time, the train not arriving in. Melbourne until half an hour after tho time specified in the tables. Owing to the same cause, tho pas sengers by the 11.30 train from Melbourne were defined for upwards of two hours in the cold and rain at the same spot, until the arrival of a second engino to convey them to thoir destination. The report of the proceedings at tho Prahran Police Court, on Thursday, will be serviceable to tradesmen as 'another warning to comply, without delay, with the requirements of the Weights and Measures Act. John Pheel was fined by the bench £5 for using incorrect weights. Two men, named Gorton and Hnyward, have been committed for trial, at tho Fitzroy Police Court, on charges of forging and uttering. The Rev. John Inglis, missionary from tbo Now Hebrides, is amongst the passengers of tho Great Britain. He is accompanied by Mrs Inglis, and a native convort, of the name of Williamu. For tbo last two years Mr Inglis has beon in Scotland, superintending the printing of a translation of tho Now Testament into the Aiieiteumese language. Mr Inglis went out to New Zealand in 18-W, and labored amongst the natives of that country, before he proceeded to the New Hebrides, where his labors have been signally successful. He will preach to morrow forenoon in the United Presbyterian Church, Collins street (the Rev. Mr Ramsay's), and in tho evening in the Congregational Church, Richmond (the Rev. Mr Sundcrlund's). On Thursday au (waning journal called the Evening News bado a final adieu to tho public, and expired at the age of one hundred aud twenty-nine days. Singular reasons aro often assigned for jour nalistic failures, but of all the odd last speeches that of our- deceased contemporary is the oddest. ' The amount of support it has received,' wo are told, ' has been sufficient to enable its proprietors, if they were so minded, to maintain it in the condition of a socond class paper ;' but the snpport was so great that 2-arsimony internally was a necessity, and as the proprietors would not be parsimonious the Evening News gave up the ghost on Thursday evening. For so runs the logic of the last dying speech and confession. Inquiries are made in the official Hue-and-Cry after an offender of the romantic name of ' Belgravo Harrington,' sometimes prefaced and concluded with captain and R.N., and occasionally ' Lord Harrington.' He is charged with a wholesale rob bery of boots and shoes from the premises of a tradesman at Richmond. The fellow is described as 71 years of age. A meeting of the supporters of the Unitarian Church, Eastern Hill, was held on Thursday even ing, for the purpose of deciding upon certain im provements necessary upon the old building. From the tenders submitted, it appeared that tbo cost would amount to nearly £000, and the collections which had been made up to the present time did not amount to much moro than half that sum. It was resolved to meet again in a fortnight's time — ex- ertions to bo made in tho meantime to secure a sufficient sum to carry out the proposed improve ments. It was suggested that a bazaar would be tiie readiest method of raising the required sum, but tho Rev. Mr Higginson said he would rathor preach in tho present ' barn' than in a church built with money obtained in so questionable a manner. Ho was convinced that with a little exertion on the part of tho committee, all tho money that was required could bo collected in a few weeks. An extraordinary charge against a Government official of obtaining money under false pretences, in connection with land dealing, was made in the Dis trict Polico Court at Ballaarat on Thursday. We gather tho following facts from tho report of the Star. Forrcll, tho complainant, au ignorant Irish man, anxious to secure 100 acres of land, went to the survey office, in January last for tho purpose of ascertaining if any lands were opon for sale. Here he encountered the defendant, Mr Chaffers, who then was clerk in the department. On makui-* known to him tho object of his visit, Chaffers in formed him that lie had 80 acres of land at Wnrren lieip for sale, on which was a perennial spring of water, for which he would take £2 per acre. The description of the land was alluring, and Mr Farrell resolved on becoming the owner of the eighty acres at the price asked, aud as an evidence of his since rity ho gave the defendant £5 as the first instalment of the purchase money. An-angeinents wore next made respecting the title deeds, and the land was even surveyed, but from that day to tho present time Farrell failed to get possession, and finally sum moned Chaffers for obtaining £5 from him by false pretences. The oighty acres of land appeared to be in possession of a man named Hogan, under occu pation license It appeared that there had beon some dealings between Hogan aud Chaffers ropecting the allotment, but not sufficient to justify him in stating, as deposed to, that tho laud was his private property. Mr Thomas Adair, the District Surveyor, deposed that Hogan bold tho allotment under an Occupation License Tho land was not sold or alienated from the Crown up to tho 20th March, 1803. Hogan had no legal possession of 20 acres with right to tho 80 acres. Witness could not say that ho knew of his own knowledge that theso occupation licenses woro transferred, but lie had heard that some persons were in the habit of transfering them. It however was not legal to do so. The document produced was Hogan's 20 aero license, and a transfer from him to Chaffers. Hogau held 20 acres with the option of purchasing 80 acres. The bench dismissed the com plaint as tho justices were of opinion that tho ques tion was to be decided by civil action, and not by a criminal proceeding. The defendant, it is added, has, since the occurrence, which has been brought under the notice of the Government, been deprived of his situation in the Survey Office. 