HUNTING. 1AST SAMIBOAT'S' MEEX OF xibjb m.ii.o. Dbah Bbll,— The morninp broke wilh ono of those lieht fogs whioh so much remind ono of the doar old country, but no ona could grumble at their fingers Bnd toes being rather oold at the commencement of tho ride to covor, for lho weather wns auro to prove lovely whon tho suu obtained power, and all hunting mon know that il ought to bo a good day for ecent. Tho meet wrrn at tho toll- uato, near tho 'onco on a time Hnnters' Rest, nnd by lho hour E aternwfck ?wn3 reached tha fog was lifted, and the Choltcn ham roal displayed sa lively a sceno na to gladdon tho hearts of all who love tho glorious pastime of tho chase, and especially of those who havo enjoyed flold sports at home. Stretching along tho soft sides of tho metalled highway, half a mile in frout and half a milo in rear your correspondent could sse groups of horBerucn wending to tha tryst, a considerable dnBh of the ' pink' colour adding nnimatlon to tho scene, whilst sevei nl graceful Amazons formed tho most nttractivo feature of the cavalcade. Seldom has so large a body of equestrians arrived bo nearly together nt one of the M.H.C. fixtures, tho reason being that thoso who stnrtod earliest walked their nags slowly through the gloom, whilst thoso who started la»t, and had nil clear beforo them, redo quickly, under tho impression they wore rather l«te. 1 he hounds were marshalled iu n small ftrn« paddock nt Ilio right nf tho turn pike, nnd never yet wr.s scon in Australia a moro perfect and homelike liiing picture nf a hunting field than wru presented to each Bcmnllivo sports man. Grouped round tho two well-appointod whips were the mottled hnndsomo pack, tbe old hounds eager, but under Btrict command, the young cnlrica now nnd then breaking rank, but favourite liunlcrp, that had liccu led to the moot, were being unclothed, whilst tho nnga that Imd betn cnrefolly ridden down wero being girthed up and put '? all Bqunre' for work. Grooms in livery wero walking the animils of late nrriring msBlcrs impatiently about, or. carefully ex amining, for tho lest time, tho appointments of the hdy riders: '.' regular,' in their glowing scarlet, were glowingly chatting in knots on runs pnet. present, mid to come; ond irregulars, in nil sort3 of irregular cobtume, wero timidly questioning one another, or whomsoever they tlionght likely to nllbrd tbo d-sired information, as to whether tho lino likely to ho taken was very stiff! if a top rail alicnt/s got broken to let the awkward squad through ? and what wero the average caiuitties of limb or life on caoh hunting dayi Well, with his customary punctuality, tho Ma9ter arrives exactly at tho appointed nine, bids ' good morning' to his friends, changes hit) hack for his new favnurito, Monntainoer, and gives lho word to movo on. Oh ! for the pencil of a Woodhouso to sketch that moving panorama as it trailed down the lano and on to the lightly scrubbed boath ! Tho pen cannot put hall reality onouc.h into the description, thongh it may, perhaps, tempt the hzy and unnccnetoincd to go forth and see for themselvoa. Tho Sold was composed of no less than 53 cavalicre, and five fair dames nnd demoiselles; whilst seldom havo 60 many fimt claeB horses boon out together. Alas I alas I that after recording such a cheering commence ment there is no brilliant finish to tell of the Saturday's doini'S. Thoro is au East Indian anecdotoof thodiscontentndchaplainofarcglmont alwayscomiuencing bis complaints soiuethiug like this of mine, only his words wore 'alas I and alack-aday :' on one ocea.ion, however, n witty vinitor at tho mass-table, took him Rhott by say ing, 'A very good allowance, ton, forany man, so what are you growling at ? a lasi and n lac a day would suit me very well!' Now, Mr. Editor, just to show why this Joe-Milterism is repeated, your ghostly friend must oxplaiu that he only dooB it to make n Borry joko on a uorry result, viz : — We had several lasses with ns, but a lack of sport, 60 your reador muet ' point the moral' aftor my attempt to ' adorn the tale.' JPor nearly threo hours did Mr. Watson try cvory woll knoxn oavert in vain, for not n hound even feathered. Moreover, there wns scarce n jump, oxcept a low brush fence or two and n few little ditches, for tho men to try their mottle at, or ft which to toltch tho ladies with their horseman ship. At length, as thu Master vm ovldenlly making up his mind to draw the Cheltenham country, a half- grown doc jumped up before tho pack, and all was animation in an instant. But tho ground waB so wee and cold that tho trail would not Ho, and the galloping was only Epliab eplnsh Ihroucb water and mud in repeated circles aftor a confounded ring-runner. To add to (his nuisaneo, tho quarry led tlio hounds amongst a small mob of kangaroo, who wonld not separate, audit was with grcnt difficulty that tha line of tho first raieo4 ilyor was kept until sho sank a victim beforo tbo deserving pack. But one fence of any magnitude bad to be crossed, and it proved a stopper to a certain fow who wisely pullod out thoir wstohea nnd found it just time to turn homewards. One gentleman, formoily a |CgUKU| 11UI1 OIJIl «? [JIUL'liy UUl BLUISH) 1^01 U nasty spill over it that will mar his good looks for a few days. Althongh thero woro now plenty of Iong-Uilcd 'unn about, it was too late, and tho horses too tired for n second kill, tho distance from Melbourno being already home fifteen lon^.rSiles ; so homewards wns tho word. Had tho dialling attompt of tho rider of Kilduro, to head a. fine old hoomur that was viewed awny during the run, been successful, a hotter roport might havo beon made of tho dav'n proceedings. Un did mnnngo to turn him, as 'it was, hut tlio ' old man' wns too cunning and fleet for the young one. Tin craok nags out woro Mountniueor, St. Clair, Kildare, Wandoring Jew, GuyliWkes, Nonsense, Timekeeper, Jubns, Hambler, Whito Squall, Young Euiorald, Long Bog, Comus, Hector O'Hnllornn, Coachec, Jack, Mnjor, Albion, Alico, Erin, and Kip Van Winkle. A grey colt, ridden by tho seoand whip, Blmpour very promisingly, and thcro wero other nags out that may yet cam both name and famo. If the outlying deer ba found again, at tho Ileiilelberg fixturo, thero will bo a little moro ' lupplug' to talk nbout ia tbo uext returns of ? NIMUOD'S GHOST. 