* CLEVELAND REGATTA. (Peon ode Gdaatij. The r egatta.mqpnomd to take placo rt Clevlnd n o rjg ay bed'oee oort oEw.lej a crowad of eop?e tat odlocality. c Tb, ataq Boa bso Dior nd, bith neeoo d talrge number ot f pousgre, Jolt about sir o'lok in. the momiore: Ties tporwlab, Bremer, sad Pr er,.lo?a. rell led, lofet ibotr eight 'olo. t the wather looe d reaerSt't rra?" i ip n hoe morning, obut oa i-e.dsl e edea i ?oo o eheIelouds air¶.? and.u good step?s of et Ifrrmthe o o . E ybod on boa the rstest uas ned pleued at the prtrpeg0 o a For sil opnbaBDEGOS1@2 et opitth kel pleoarsat days somnso t.m - t, A oregare? the r tto, the b aelgtho firt (toe nytheng f t )le iourt.bere attempted at :leveland, oe wore Sab her N m aen tof?erable aPlowoa for the Ilil~eo h sit a ommltted ha' to cooteod ,with in ielrfislng a·eatid ansoemeuts, hot Itr ld t be nothin?lghort of ',ese Par tosay that the awusem arrt Clanind ?ot .ur dyhbrd he' leas re~m6hlne Oa saregatta. MaSt thetim fof r lear evirg (6 o'lo) on our retoro to 3ria or e is the ?eamer lfter ( haebis on'ly cotran p t:?f;eh :lyap pat (O l the'ort of thbl toIepraa, jeeple. ~c~and Fami , ~r c~us agca~isip, ~ c~and saitd a lu very ob i ?leave boor penuad e d #ooin ther lo? ol tme or nmoae. .• ., . . . The first ra waer nnonnaoedte aert at 10 s w., t. For all open boats not expcdig l r et'd o'the 'keoel. Course--to start from the Flsagship' (oat?Iereland jeety),'rosund sandy hland;' thene roand'a boat.oflf the h.W. ecn of Peel o Jpr d ' theio round p boat * oef'Woa Creek ando t to the ?lakehip. Prize, lt; toead plote, 4rsorriam t,xt Petel, T, Wiastilp, lea and red; Plunbi i,.iW. V, Brown, red with wblla ·areneo; 'Woud, I. ,¶akwell, Queetslaed ensgn q W.'D. White, light blornj Y oung K ate, T. tspI d bla d Y. . . . . . 1or nearly fo? o''aoe werelboehngot forhe start,. end hlad of course oo 'to the .onorloan thes ra h bad lapsed sbi (about Itrbrk) two smael' boat, trhe Bend and Flamingdo, pae :the fageip, amed t?redm-a the veIye poa"ttiarfo of the Foano laid down Iasepoe. optI.'e Phewo, ahege eeeroaarnoed, bad tarfted be the firat rare. "After hd hoad bern gone abotn tweey minutes the Petrl uonepectedly rushed out from tshe rhoue, and followed the Scod and P aomigo.. In about ha . on er otter this, ohn the three hoats lae'ody were of Peel Island,.the Yoaog Kate ps d the p aselepip \- gare chase to rhe'orher comt, Eitora. Thuesqt etins intervups of as hoiir the'oato 'Were'tartod far.lthe trot race. 'The Petrel saSthe firet to retre to tWea FliA.A sond second, Flamigo third, and Yonsg K?te fourt. We believe the 8Iud 'claims the prime on the grund %hat the Foetrl did not stara at the proper time esot 'the proper plce . Phe second race oh the programme was emittd . The startn for the third race nanoauned for onet, took pltiebnbitlraftoerS p.m., - Thil rare oas- - For al ailing boats Groding in or, about the bay--iclud.: ig lighters, torel bean, Ba. 'ink for teenage, holf a minute per ton. Course-From the .'Flahip .round Sandy [stood, thence round a bost off the If.W. end oe Peel Isnaod, obrcenround a blackbuoy. off King Island, sod back to rt'he FIlghip.( Prioe, * £20; second prier, U. Eotranee, Li's, ' * Peraeeerot?e, J. Wriglht, gmee;'tmild Wave, . A-r wood, black; eiotange, John Lewis, whita with red crosso; Ellen, J K. Caosnaen, blue; Bard's Legacy, Lohn Fitegibbon, blue lag, white stars; Dauntleao W. Boyce, white ; Hamletr Ghoot, T. Withem, ned. The crews of the boastes in this-as well as in the former race, seemed to think it unnecessary to start toetloer. The Eehbange and Wild Wave were the first to get away. When they had gone the Persevreanoce made a move. Some time after this the crew of the Hamlet's Ghost, (who had been in readiness the whole day, waiting for the gin to fire for the start)--seemed uddenly impressed with the idea that fring of the gun in this instance was a delusion, and so got sail on the Ghost, and followed in the wake of the leading boats. After roundiong the lower liag-hoat, the boots held their wind and stood across the bay. The Ohost went to leerard very fast, and finding that she could do nothing close haul--gaoe up and ran home. The Perseverance also gave up, and the race was left to the Exchange and Wild Wave. The fiagship left for Brisbane before the terminalstion of this event; we had, therefore, no opportuonity of 'seing the resulti but we understand the Exehange got ashore on Sandy Island, and the race fell to the Wild Wave. The fourth race started shabout the same time as the third. Thin was For all rats.clasas sailing boats --Time for tolnage, half a minute per ton. Coursa-Same as first race, twice round. Prize £20; second prine, £6. E?trance, £I sa. Kate, E. B. Forest, blac; Perolic, F. E. Bigge, red iith white ernss: Petrel, T. Wioabip, blue and red; Hamlet's Ghost, T. Witham, red; Whirlwind, E. H. Webbh, light blue; Attempt, G. Feint, white; Meoengee, T.McBride, blueand whitet Flamingo, R. J. Coley, red with cthit resent' The Kate was barked againost the feld to win, hut, we believe, she could not be got ready in time, and, con sequently, did not make her appearance at Cleveland. The race was confined to the Whirlwind and Feroli. We did not see much of this event, as the steamers left for Brisebane long before it was finoished. We understand the Whirlwind came In first. The fifth race lapsed for want of entrances. 