Facts and Fragments. The worst kind of hanging is hanging about a public-house. It is not always the most ragged man that the most shabby fellow. " It is a most mortifying reflection," says Dr. Johnson, " for a man to consider what he has done, compared with what he might have done." A crusty old bachelor says 'that Adam's wife was called Eve because, when she appeared, man's day of happiness was fast drawing to a close.' A minister of doubtful morals, putting his hand upon a young urchin's shoulder, exclaimed, " My son. I believe the devil has got hold of you." " I believe so, too," was the ready reply. Bulwer Lytton says: some of the neediest men I ever knew have a nominal £5,000 a-year. Every man is needy who spends more than he has; no man is needy who spends less. When the Duke de Choiseul a remarkably meagre man, came to London to negociate a peace, Chas. Townsend, being asked whether the French Government had sent the preliminaries of a treaty, answered, "He did not know, but they had sent the outline of an ambassador." An Irish clergyman once broke off the thread of his discourse, and thus addressed the congregation:—"My dear brethren, let me tell you that I am now just half through my sermon; but as I perceive your impatience, I will say that the remaining half is not more than a quarter as long as that you have heard." There is no policy like politeness, and a good manner is the best thing in the world to get either a good name or to supply the want of it. The essential to happiness, to which no false opinions can affix a value, are health, tranquility of mind, competence, and friends of good character. Be wondrous wary of your first comportments. Get a good name, and be very tender of it afterwards ; for it is like glass, quickly cracked, never to be mended, though patched it may be. There are many people who falter and tremble as long as there is any mixture of doubt in their minds as to what they can or what they ought to do, but who, the moment that doubt ceases, have power and will to dare anything. Being our own master, sometimes means that we are to be the slaves of our own follies, caprices, and passions. A young lady of extraordinary capacity addressed the following letter to her cousin:— "We is all well and mother's got the his Terrix, brother Tom has got the Hupin Kaugh and sister suzin has got a babee, and hope these few lines will find you the same. Rite sune. Your aphfectionate kuzzen." The "Dew-drop Inn" (do drop in) is the title of one of the New Orleans hotels. No compassion is felt for the author who denies sleep to himself to give it to his readers. Those who walk most are generally the healthiest; the road of perfect health is too narrow for wheels. Judy Bralegan having been requested to open some oysters, after knocking them about for some time exclaimed—"Upon my sowl but they are mighty hard to peel." Jeremy Taylor says, "it takes a wide garment to cover some people's sins. Old Bob Taylor says, perhaps, then, some of his female friends should still further widen their crinolines." The purpose of the sun's rising in the east is to give to New Englanders the first chance to monopolise the supply, should daylight ever be a saleable article. " When did you ever see a living thief without a body? said a servant who wished to persuade his master that some rogery had been committed by a ghost " When I saw you looking over the window," said the master. There is a gentleman residing at Newton, who is unusually scrupulous with regard to having his door-plate polished every morning, being determined to " leave an untarnished name behind him" when he goes to the city. "I can't concieve, my dear, what's the matter with my watch; I think it must want cleaning," exclaimed an individual to his better half the other day: " No, pa," said his petted daughter, " I know it don't want cleaning, because baby and I washed it in the basin ever so long this morning." "What is the meaning of this beef-steak on the butcher's book, Ann?" said a Bedford-place lady to here cook; "we have not had one lately." " No, ma'am; but you see, ma'am Jeames can't abare mutton, so I had to get bit of beef for him." " A way to dress In the mode I guess, , Picks a husband's bones quite clean, And poor Mr. Spratt "Must cry no ' No fat,' And his wife will cri-no-line." 