(To the Editor of the fMclvor Times.) Sm,-The Yankees must, I calculate, be a very decent people; for it is only in their free and enlightened country, that we over hear of the spirits of long-departed friends and relations condescending to ren der any assistance to suffering humanity-. Have you any bodily ailing, there is no necessity in that favoured land, to consult a witch, as in days of yore, for a remedy; you have only to call in the assistance of a Medium, who, by-tlhe-bye, scorns any douceur for his pains, and through his invoking your grandfather's ghost, the ghost puts in a speedy appearance, and by means of certain rappings, suitable replies are instantly conveyed to anxious en quirers. Barnum searched the whole world for natural curiosities; but being unable at last to satisfy the ardent longing of his countrymen for something fresh, and being moreover obliged, in self-defence, to produce some startling sensation, lest he should be lowered a peg in the estimation of his fellow-citizens, he stuffed a monkey and adroitly succeeded for a long time in palming it off for a real mermaid ; and had not his creditors pounced upon him so soon, he would without doubt, have found some means to have entrapped the great Sea-serpent, for the purpose of exhibiting it; but he has now become a thing of the past, for all his doings have been greatly eclipsed by the Cofiversers with Spirits, I know there are many folks here who will not give credence to any marvellous story, however well-founded it may be in truth; but any anxious enquirer after it, and who formerly disbelieved in the futility of at tempting to get his wishes accomplished by supernatural means, or agencies, would at once admit, if he had read the letter con tained in the last News, that "there are more things in heaven and earth than he had ever dreamed of in his philosophy." We find it placed beyond a shadow of doubt, for the information respecting it is received from a sure source, that Dolphy was cured of the mumps, and a sweet little babe of the tic doloreux, by the Ghostess. Well, then, Holloway's, or L. L. Smith's occupation is now completely beaten out of the market, and I need not any longer regret not having, as I had once intended to do, tried to acquire the healing art. My present object is to awaken our leading men to ,the urgent necessity of at once raising funds for the purpose of inducing a sound medium, if possible, to not only pay us a visit, but to take up permanent quarters. Our doctors always make out such cruel bills, that it is no wonder the invisible powers should have at last inter fered in our behalf. I remain, Yours, &c.;, DELIGHTED. Heathcote, 25th August, 1863. 