INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. ? ♦ VICTORIA. By the arrival of the Aldinga our dates are extended. Urristhas in Old EKQiiAND.-St. George's TTnll h«« hfipn plnhnnirnlv fitted nn for the nrnilnn uon or an entertainment of the character or tnat which, in the Egyptian Hall, London, proved a for une^to Mr. Albert Smith. A stage has been erected, the hall divided off into two compart ments, a splendid carpet laid down, stun* scats provided, and hangings of an elegant character for the various windows. The result is the con version of the body of the fine hall into some thine like a handsome drawing-room; while the tastefully-disposed draperies and decorations of the stage itself are so many tokens that neither taste, time, nnr money has been spared in the pre paration of the entertainment which, under the title of 'Christmas in Old England,' is to be opened this evening for the first time. A private view, accorded to us yesterday, enables Us to say that no diorama approaching in artistic merit that now about to be submitted to the criticism of the public has hitherto been shown in Melbourne. The subject U indicated by the title, ft is 'Christmas in Old England'— Christinas as we read of it in ballad and story— Christmas as we recollect it in years gone by — Christmas with all its hospitable recollections, its amusements, its traditions, its allegories, its tales and its mirth. So tine a topic admits of great scope to the hand of the artist, and Mr. Edgar Kay— for whom it hits been painted— has had the able assistance of M. N. Chevcller, Mr.. K. J. Greig, Mr. John Henmngs, Mr. J. Willis, Mr. U. A. Appleton, and Mr. H. Freyberger iu its preparation. The subject is illustrated by tweuty pictures of large size. The first-the Drop Scene-by M. Chevalier, represents ' King Christmas.' cup in hand, pledging the good and kindly -wishes of the season from the wassail bowl, while around him are grouped the representatives of all the more famous nursery stories appropriate to the season, such as ' St. Gebrge-and the Dragon,' 'Mother Hubbard,' 'Little ICed Riding Hood,' 'Jack the Uiant Killer,' &c.; The first scene is a pleasant wood land landscape in the snow of the winter season— ' U vtlieriiig Mistletoe.' Next we have the 'carol singers' at the door of a baronial hall ; followed by the 'Bringing Home of the Yule Log;' then the ojd 'London Waits'— suggestive of so many pleasing recollections; 'The Markets at Christ mas Time,'1 'Roasting an Ox on the Thames,' 'Skating on the Serpentine.' 'Snowballing,' Old Father Christmas,' ' The Christmas-tree,' Distributingtiie Uhristmas Dole, ' Uhrutinas Morning in aCountry Church,' ' Feasting the Te nants in a Baronial Hall,' ' Christmas Dinmr of the Baron and his Friends,' 'The Ghost Story,' 'Mummers in a Country Farmhouse,'' 'Snapdragon, ' 'Sir Roger tie Coverley,' and 'The Christmas Pantomime.'' These subjects Mr. Ray illustrates with historical and anecdotal notes, appropriate passages from some of the best writers, song, and music, the latter selected by Mr. J. Parker, the accompanist. The paintings, we repeat, are of a high order— some of them, in deed, are' .masterpieces. Mr. Heunings's archie tectural details,' Mr. Greig's figure*, and M. Che valier's fancy sketches vie with each other in ex cellence, 'f he diorama has been fully six months in preparation, and has cost a very considerable sum. The prices of admission are fixed at a rate to encourage large audiences, and if the literary and mnsical portion of the entertainment equals in merit the work of the artists, we can safely promise that those who may visit St. George's Hall this evening will have every reason to be satisfied with the excellent entertainment pro vided for them in 'Christmas in Old England.' —Argus', November 28. BiiKKE'8 Revolver— We find the following paragraph— which requires some explanation— in the Otago Telegraph of the 17th inst :— ' It will be recollected by most of our Victorian readers that a pistol belong ng to the lamented O'flara Burke was unaccountably missing from the explorer's effects. By an extraordinary fortuity this nrticle has found its way into the possession of Mr. Branigan, the Commissioner of Police of Otago, and its history, as elicited in the Police Court, is as follows :— Mr. Nash, who is now in the interior, sold a revolver to one Joseph Jones for £18, which sum, although above its intrinsic value, was willingly- paid by Jones, under the idea that as a trader in 'all sorts^ he would speedily realize a good profit by this investment in an article which, formerly having belonged to the unfortunate Burke, would naturally be invested with an interest which would materially increase its value. 'Acting on advice, Jones left the revolver so that' Mr. Branigan should see it, he being a person likely to purchase it for the relatives of the deceased, or for the Victorian Exploration Society. Mr. Branigan very properly impounded the weapon until he communicated with the President of that Society in Melbourne. Sir William Stawell, in reply, concurs with Mr. Branigan in the belief that it was unlikely Mr. Burke had ever parted with a pistol presented to him by his brother officers, and he therefore refused to deliver it to Jones until the case should be decided by the Resident Magis trate. In the absence of Mr. Nash, His Worship had no alternative but to order the restoration of the revolver, or to give judgment for jS20— the amount claimed by plain tilt' as the highest within the power of the Court to award.'— Argus, November 26. Ma. and Mrs. Kean's Success.— We are glad to learn that Mr. Coppin's enterprise, to which we owe the visit of the Keans, is not likely to go un rewarded. At the close of the season in Mel bourne^ Mr. Coppin has found-that his calculation of the receipts, so far, has been exceeded. It may also be stated that, in six successive nights, within a few shillings of £1,400 was taken at the Hay market Theatre— a sum, we are assured, exceeding by about £150 the largest sum ever before drawn in the same period by any dramatic entertain ment, even in the most golden days of the colony, when tickets were sometimes sold at a very high rate. This fact says much for the appreciation of the drama in Melbourne, as well as for the popu larity of Mr. and Airs. Kean.— Argus, Nov. 2J. WK9TKRK Australia Convicts.— There was a long sitting of the Sandridge Police Court yester day, and a number of cases were disposed of. John Ralph and Patrick Ryan were again brought up on remand, charged with being illegally at large in Victoria. A witness named Samuel Jackson was produced, to speak to the identity of the former, but his evidence threw little or no light on the case. Ralph was again remanded till Tuesday, while Ryan was oidered to be taken back on board the mail steamer to King George's Sound. — Araus.' November 27. the murderer BARRETT.— me time appointed for the Execution of Barrett, now lying at the Central Gaol under sentence of death for the murder of Mrs. Beckinsale, at Woodstock, is 10 o'clock on the morning of Tuesday next, th'e 1st of December. The death-warrant was received at the gaol on Wednesday evening; but the prisoner had been made acquainted on the previous after noon of the time fixed for the execution. His manner was not in the least changed by the re ception of this intimation, or hearing the warrant read; the sullen and obstinate demeanour by which he has been characterized throughout continuing unaltered. He- has been constantly attended by the Rct, J. G. Williams, clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church. Barrett was originally a soldier in the English army, and the offence for which he was transported for seven years to Australia was the striking his sergeant— a crime dealt with under the Mutinv Act— Argus, November 27. Mart FrazeB: — A preliminary meeting of persons desirous of co-operating in raising a sub scription for Mary Frazer, the suflerer by Uie recent crime in Swanston-street, was held yester day in one of the lower rooms of the Mechanics' Institution. The Hon. A. Fraser, M.L.C., pre sided; And after some expressions of deep sym pathy with the misfortune and the present deplorable condition of the young girl, it was resolved to adjourn to Saturday, at noon, at Messrs. Fraser & Cohen's Auction Booms, Col lins-street.— Argus, November 27. 