TO TttE EDITOB.' Sir — Your correspondent ' Enquirer ' has been kind enough to put several questions to me through your valuable medium, and I now beg to answer them, though, I think, the answers to some might have been gathered from the contents of my former letter. First question. — How do I know that were the grant in aid dispensed with, the various denomina tions of Christians would undoubtedly take up the question, and there would be no end of denomina tional hiHwnAflfl P Answer. — From experience and reading. The Church of England holds that she. is the proper guardian of the education of the young as to religion, and, in order to get that done pro perly and efficiently, she wisely ooncludes that it is her duty to furnish the means both secular and sacred. She provides a school and supplies a teacher — provides a spelling-book, &c;, &c.;, and presents a Catechism, a Prayer-book, and a Bible, knowing well that education must be connected with religion, like the locomotive and the tender: upon a line of railway. ..* , ; ?? r- . The Church of Scotland (Presbyt^an} does a similar thing, and if anything can beawd particularly of her, it is -that BUe has sefof -flSi^fe6ugh John' Knox, a glorious example to theaspoW^orld in the cause of aithorough, systematic^^^£|ev££ed educa fcipnifor her sons and daugHt^fti? i^irtTnited Pres byterian Church was no t^abl^jind'jdid not so much need. to. take ud the jaffifirif'ibr education, for the parish school and. teacher 'were looked upon as their owtx. Other denominations twere placed in similar positions, and acted somewhat in the same way as regarded education ; but for all this, it must be noted, they did establish a number of schools, governed and directed after their own liking. Then cacde the Free Church of Scotland, a hive from the older establishment, and she has rung her anxiety for; education most lustily throughout .the known jwSrld, and is second to none in manifesting her appreciation of the merits and value of the blessings of iearly, steady, and uncompromising intellectual progress. ; |3p had ho allusion to this colony having had ''Quarrels on the subject' of denominational educa tion ; but wherever it has been adopted it has never .Tf^rked well, and wo need not leave Australia to find Examples. Look at Victoria. Religious denomina ?Moiialism has always been full of acrimony and bitter ness, and it unfortunately has been seen and witnessed i&schools.; Church lias been built in opposition to ,feljurcli — school to school — and families and friends Have been divided. In this colony a happier state of matters exist, and it is to be hoped may long con tinue j and although we wish improvement or educa tional progression, we hope the good now being done will be esteemed, valued, and honestly rewarded. The teacher is worthy of his pay. Second question.— How dol know, if the aid were withdrawn, a very great number of the young would not receive any instruction at all, except that given in the Sunday -BchoolB ? Am I aware that a great many children are now growing up without instruction, although there is a giant of £12,000 a year. Perhaps I will say there would be many more ignorant if the grant were withdrawn. Then, whether has he the gift of prophesy, or how else does he know it ? Answer. — From fifteen years' experience of colonial life in Adelaide, in the country, and in the bush. What has taken place may take place again with regard to the education of the young. When a teacher cannot earn enough to keep soul and body fvt/vaflini, TiA irtmii nn Vila toanliinrr itafcTiAK tjlftn criVA llfl UWgWUW*. UA» g&IVB; * * U *&&D; ?' ?»??? ?? ' ? '|C ^VbVKAW «?????? ^» . w »? f* the ghost. When he is starved out, the people, who have no time to spare, and perhaps no ability to impart instruction, are compelled to allow their children to grow up like the oxen and the goats. 1 The Sunday-school is at a distance, and if even near to some, the Sabbath-school teacher probably has a distance to ride to his chapel or room where teaching is held, and that, too, after having a hard .week's sheep-Bhearing, or a hard week's ploughing, &c.; Would a grant of a few pounds, added to what the teacher can wring out of the good folks, not be a salutary thing for education? Why have so very many tried the speculation of self-supporting schools and failed? Some of the best imparters of instruc tion have had to yield in Great Britain, the Euro pean Continent, and in Australia. Poverty, greed, pride, the love of .dress, of beer, of tobacco, the want of true regard for the offspring, the ignorance of some, the indifference of many, and the motives of others, all warrant the conclusion that there would be fewer children instructed were the. aid withdrawn. If people cannot pay 123. a quarter for a child's in struction, or will not, how. are they ever to pay 243. Kr 30s P I believe direct taxation will not be for a long time to come, and I fear voluntary education is boo good a thing to be had, though I believe we should aim at it. What would, become of those iestitute children who have not got the means of paying the teacher ? What is the worth of preaching and religious teaching if the people are to be allowed to remain illiterate? What is the first thing necessary to be done when one sits down with a number of heathens, or with people who cannot read, Dr with those who have no knowledge of civilization and Christianity P Is there no aid afforded to mis sionaries ? I think it would be better to double the grant, double the salaries of the teachers, require them diligently to raise their schools in numbers by seeking for, and looking up their pupils, and make the teachers collect their school payments and return them to Government. I am convinced much good would be the result, and I think it is worth a trial. As for the gift of prophesy, I never wished to lay claim to that ; but I hope I possess a little foresight and discernment. Third question — Who those people are, professing religion, too, who wish to give education a knock on the head? Answer — Men, some learned men too, both of the Protestant, Papistical, and Dissenting sections of the Christian world. For example, a gentleman, one ac customed occasionally Ao take the chair at a Bible Society meeting, has said that the poor should not be instructed, as it made them discontented with their condition in life ; and that people could get to Heaven at hut without education as well as those who pos sessed great learning. I could multiply suoh examples not only amongst the learned, but amongst the mediocre.; and if you go lower, the name of them would 'be legion. Let them think you doubt their Christianity, and they are loud in proclaiming it. Fourth question.-rHow I prove the present system is good, and whether the same system should be carried into general busineis ? For instance, if it U right that Mr. Miller should pay ' Mr. Pronoun' for teaching Mr. Tanner's children, whether it would not be right that Mr. Pronoun should pay Mr. Baker for supplying bread to Mr. Somebody-else P Answer. — Because the present system is regarded by many able men to be good ; because my experience of it has led me to see that it is good, owing to the thousands who have learned to read, write, conut, &o.;, &e.;, and because it has never yet been proved to be bad. The same system, to a certain degree — the degree required from time to time— is carried into other businesses, professions, and trades. It is quite right that Mr. Miller should pay ^Mi*. Pronoun for teaching Mr. Tanner's children, when Mr. Tanner pays for the teaching of Mr. Miller's children : and it is quite right for Mr. Pronoun to pay Mr. Baker for supplying Mr. Diseased and Mr. Destititnte and Mrs. Widow with bread. I see it to be an incum bent duty to support the Lunatio Asylum, the Hos pital for the siok, and the Destitute Asylum ; to pro vide coffins for the dead ; to puniBh crime ; to pro tect the innocent ; to provide justice, law, and equity; and to pay for the government of our country. If you pay the police, cannot you pay the teachers ? Fifth question. — How have I become positive in tny opinion that the young in this colony, much neglected as they at present are, would be in a far worse position thereafter? I think the answer to this question has been given already. Show me how the profession can be made better, and I will^give in to having been 'laboring under an error. I wish 1 could Bee that ? all our educational business hae been wrong, for then there would be strong grounds of hope for better things and better pay. The teachers would glory in it to a man, but they must see that great summum bonum to be proved, before they will give up the idea that the present system is better than none. Sixth question. — Whether I suppose we should be better fed, shod, clad, and lodged, if there were State grants to bakers, shoemakers, tailors and bricklayers ? Answer. — I think we would be better off with food, shoes, clothing, and lodging, by a State grant to bakers, shoemakers, tailors, and bricklayers, when sick, destitute, lunatio, homelesss, and- helpless, but not otherwise. . When people are sick and poor, destitute of every thing, what should we do with them ? When people, young people, are, by whatever cause, destitute of instruction, what should we do with them ? Nothing P In conclusion, I wish some such person as your correspondent '* Enquirer,' would devise a scheme for the future and better education of the young of South Australia, and, whether he got it or not,- he would be deserving of immortal esteem. Other nations have long worked in the cause, and, although oceans of good have been the result, yet there is room for much improvement to be made. With the best wishes for the truth, I am, Sir, &c;, FBEEDOM. .. February 28, 1863. 