POLYNESIA. HONOLULU. Conjirmation and First (.ommumojt oj tie King and Queen. ... . , , „ . , .. . Weextract thefollowing from the Polynesian of the €th December — At half-past 10 on the morning of the 28th of November, a procession left the vestry and entered the Church in order. First. Major Hoopili, Chief, and Aide-de-camp to the King, surpliced, bearing the Banner of the Diocese of Honolulu; next, tlie Choir, composed of natives, and also surpliced, walking two nnd two ; then the I Clergy, tlie Revs. E. Ibbotson, W. 11. Scott and ; G. Mason, surpliced and with white stoles, and i lastly the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of . the Diocese in alb and rochet, preceded by his pastoral staff. Their Majesties, the King and Queen, were by this time arrived at the west door of the Church, whither the Bishop, attended by one of his Chaplains, immediately proceeded, and greeted tlieni, kneeling, with the Apostolic Salutation and Benediction. The King and Queen, preceded by the Bishop, entered the Church and took the places allotted to them, nnd tlie services of the day commenced, The Lilany, in the Hawaiian language, ex- \ quisitely sung by the Iiov. E. Ibbotson, was | first chanted ; the responses with thrilling effect ' being rendered by the Choir and general con- ; gregation. The first part was harmonized to ! Tallis's responses, the remainder was in plain ' song. The densely crowded congregation | seemed deeply moved by the beauty and devo- | tional character of the service. I The Litany ended, the Bishop, atlended bv ] his Clergy and the Choir, returned to the vestry 1 to vest for the great rite of the day. In a few moments a chant was again heard, and the proccssiou having re-formed, issued from the vestry by the north door, and went, down Knkni-street chanting the Processional Psalm The Heavens declare the glory of God," being the lflth Psalm, sung to the Gregorian third tone, second ending. As the cadences died awav in the distance, as the procession or were moved faintly bv heard it or ill gradually the Church Vp": proacl.id, and then swelled i to a grandUnited burst of adoration, the eflect wnj thrillillg in the extreme. The procession re-entered "the Church by the west door, outside which the ' military wore drawn up, presented arms and 6alutcd the Bishop and Clergy. Passed into the Church and the Choir having filed off into their respective places, tho processional Psalm elused, the Bishop ascended the steps-of the Altar vested m alb and cope, mitred, with S t H!!:'',;^;,', 1 , /'; 1 , Slor Sti,ff on i';. !'i s liorln and the Uaun<?r of the Dioeuse on his south, the three Priests being at the stens behind. The King and Qucel, then rose, and attended by their witnesses, his Excellency the Honorable Mr. Wyllie,and the Honorable Jud^e Allen, Chancellor of the Kingdom, drew to- ' wards the Altar, and, humble reverence made, • knelt and awaited the commencement of the Confirmation office. The Chaplain, the Rev. G. Mason, having read the preface, the Bishop put the questions to the candidates. The answers I made and the suffrages said, the prayer invok- I ing Confirmation by the Holy Ghost and the ! special confirming graces of the Spirit, was said by the Bishop, and he called upon all present to unite.in silent prayer to the Almighty to bless those then about to be confirmed. With one accord all present fell upon their knees, silence i that might he felt ensued, and never, we arc certain, did prayers more fervent or more loving asccnd for a Sovereign's sake, than then rose j i r 1 m f ulti |" a ?' beTo^ed^<ing aml Queen. ^ ^ t H ^ Z Jc6us"—never was this priceless truth more thoroughly realised. King and Queen meekly j kneeling at the throne of mercy lo seek divine i help from the King of Kings—the bond of i union was complete—and in the deep emotion t of the prostrate Sovereigns not a few of their 1 subjects shared. Entranced ns the people had been before at the deep solemnity of the plaintive ] song, subdued to heartfelt sympathy to earnest devotion of love, where they now at thcun- i heard outpouring of the soul for blessings upon their Sovereigns, The secret prayer ended, the wonderful hymn " Veni Creator Spirilus" was sung to the ancient melody with a.majesty and pathos that visibly affected most present. Then followed the prayer « Defend, O Lord, this thy servant,' with the Imposition of Hands, and the Act of Confirmation was complete. Again 1 a breathless silence, while prayers in senret j again ascended that those two bended suppuants, that moment sanctified, might- indeed " continue Tliine for ever." The silence was broken by the solemn voice of the Bishop teaching tha multitude and adjuring the newly dedicated. Few were the words, but not a heart that must not have felt them. Then the loving Salutation, "The Lord be with you," and the response, like a clap of thunder, " And with thy spirit." The Lord's Prayer joined in by a thousand voices rose to the Common Father of us all, the two concluding Collects for Fatherly guidance and everlasting protection followed, and a hymn was again sung ; but not this time of adoration simply, or supplication for gifts, but one souletirring burst of exulting praise rolled upto God ; the grand Old Hundreth Psalm, in its most ancient words, and to the o)(T majestic tunc, swelled through tlie house of God, and was echoed in the streets outside till literally it was lost as it rose heavenward. The final awful Benediction " The blessiug of God Almighty, the Father the Son aud the Holy Ghost be upon you and remain with you for ever," and the great Amen, and the service was ended. Never was a religious right more impressing, more solemnly celebrated tfian this; never did the inherent "beauty of holiness" of tlie Church's ritual shine lovelier or more conspicuous, Bishop and Priests correctly vested, the accesbOiies of banner and pastoral staff, emblamatic of the soldier's duty and the shepherd's care, the alter and all its appurtenances bright and fragrant with tho choicest flowers—everything was comely and meet for the festive service. The meek worship of the candidates, the unmistakcable look of loyalty and love, the fervent, the tearful prayers of the people, the awful moment of self-dedication and divine conformation, the jubilant thanksgiving of the natives, all combined to make the act a united one, to invest with dignity the great mystery engaged iu, and even to signalize the National Holiday in a way never to be forgotten. Besides the two Royal personages, candidates for the confirmation, there were present of the Court and Diplomatic corps—Her It. H. tlie Princess Victoria, the Queen Dowager, His Ex. the Governor of Oahu. Her Ex. the Governess of Hawaii, the Hon. Mrs, Ilooke, and Mr. J. Y. Davis, of the Iluyal Family ; and of the Court, by the Chancellor of the Kingdom, Chief Justice Allen and Mrs, Allen, His Ex. Mr Wyllie, His Ex. W. W. F. Syngt, H. B. M. Commit sioner and lndy, the Honorables G. M. Robertson, C. H. Bishop, John Ii. and their ladies, the Hon. Mrs. Haalelca, Miss E. K. Laanui, and others. In the evening a crowded congregation, chiefly native, attended by the King and Queen, besides many foreigners, including some of the Cabinet Ministers and the Foreign Commissioners again thronged the Church, when a solemn service in Hawaiian was celebrated by the Revs. E. Ibbot6on and W. R. Scott, and the benediction given by the Bishop; the grand ceremonial of the memorable day being closed by a Te Ileum, chanted by the Bishop, Priests and choir hi procession, and joined in by tlie rejoicing congregation. On the Sunday following, being Advent Sunday and the Festival of St. Andrew, the services of the Church were again made more than ordinary solemn, by their Majesties the King and Queen receiving their Frst Communion, Tlie altar, vested in violet, and the stoles of the Bishop and Clergy of the same mournful color, reminded all the solemn season that day entered upon. An early celebration, at which "the Revs. E. Ibbotson and G. Manson officiated, aud at lialf-past seven prepared the way for a confirmation at half-past eight, when His Ex. Mr. Wyllie, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Hon Judge Robertson, and the Hon. the Attorney-General were confirmed, the Bishop being served by the Rev. W. R. Scott. After the Hawaiian service at half-past nine, at which the Rev. E. Ibbotson preached in the Hawaiian language, the Church became crowded to overflowing, vast numbers remaining in the streets outside, to hear and see at least something of the great service of the day. After the Litany, chautcd by Rev. E. Ibbotson, and a Bermon by Rev. W. R. Scott, on the subject of the Eucharist, from the words, " How great is his goodness, and how great is His beauty. Corn shall make the voung men cheerful and new wine the maids," the Bishop retired to vest, and re-entered, attended by the Revs. G. Mason and E. Ibbotson, vested in alb, chasuble, &c.; The introit was beautifully sung, being the Eucharistic hymn " Sing we that Ble8t Body broken," sung to Palestrina. The Bishop then commenced the sacred office: the Gospeller being Rev. W. R. Scott, and Epistoler Rev. G. Mason. After the Prayer of Consecration, the liymn, to Troyte's chant No 1., "Thee we adore, O Hidden Saviour, Thee, " was 6ung so sweetly and so devotionaliy, as to make a marked impression upon the worshippers. The Bishop and Priest, having communicated, tho King and Quucn, meekly kneeling before the altar, received their first communion, and no one present but felt the awe of the moment,and offered a fervent prajx-r to the Almighty, as from the patron, at the hands of the Bishop, and from the Chalice, at the hands of his Server, Rev. Mr. Seott, the King and Queen of earth partook in soul of that sacramental food, the gift of the humble, houseless carpenter's Son of Bethlelmin, King of kings, and Lnrd of lords. The others communicated, the prayer and praise offered, the " Gloria in Iixcelsis" sung, the benediction given, and the Communion, the perfection of Confirmation, was cornpletcd, and the King and Queen became in full communion with that Church, the Church of their deliberate adoption, as it had been sought as the Church of their choice by tlieir predc* cessori for many a disappointed year, 