BRISBANE, ARRIVAL. June 29. -Cyclone, from Melbourne. Yesterday the new river pilot boat for the Fitzroy left Brisbane for the scene of her future employment, in charge of Mr. Henry, late a boatswain on board the Clarence. This little vessel is about 35 feet long and about 7 feet beam, with a draught of 3 feet 6 inches. She has ample accommodation on board for six men, and is rigged as a fore and aft schooner, with square-headed gaff topsails. When sailing on Monday last her performances were considered very satisfactory by the harbour-master. From her small size she can easily be rowed at the rate of three miles an hour by three men with sweeps. We are informed that her name is the Era.-Couricr, July 11. Captain J. R Bennet, of the Hamlet's Ghost, reports the fol- lowing whalers :-The Bonnie Doon, Captain Wybrow, was at the Chesterfield Group, in a leaky condition, the lower chain plate bolts having started. She was making so much water and had encountered such bad weather that Captain Wybrow put into those islands for shelter, and intends to fish on that station during the remainder of the season. He had 45 barrels of oil on board. On the 19th June, Captam Bennet parted company with the barque Offly, of Hobart Town, Robinson master, six weeks out, and all well. On that date also he boarded the Victoria, of Hobart Town, Ormstalk master, about 50 miles to the E. S. E. of Cato's Bank. She was six weeks out, and was " clean." The Victoria had spoken the Eury, and Caernarvon, both clean, and the Amherst, Lee master, with 45 barrels oil,-lbid. V, nucís or Til». SCHOONVH Pitiscv OP De. >t*«k -From the information -c wire able to puttier yesterdtv respecting tho wrets. of ihi« vissel, it ippcir« that « ,o left sydnov abiut the bennninit ofFrbru irv 1 i*t, for one of ihe i-Unda of the Chester- field Group, on whicn is situatid a »luliug station, she «at loaded with store* fur this tullun, where she arnvjN about thr ÎCth February ^hc hid landeel auctivfully rearlyÄho whole of btr carno when, on the I9tti March, during n hcvry ualc, she parted her cables and went ashore In abou- half an hour -carccly i lestige of the ves»cl was to bi sein Tho v hole of the crew with great íifticulty succeeded in »wing their lue* by cither swimming or floating on the debri« of tbe w r^ck to the shira On the second dsv after the wreck the weather bccam* oilm, and sorre of the iMand blacks, by dmnK, succeeded in bringing up from the wreck sundry sirnll articles, among »hioh vere several of the carpenter's tools and spy-glvs, and one or two diesis belonging to the seimon As earlv as p»«siblc after elie wreck, the crew commenced the building of the little vessel which has brought tin of the crew «afely from Brampton Shoal, to Brisbane, a distance of about 600 miles , this ^orago was com- pleted in eight elays Iho ves«el, which was somewhat appro- priated and good humourcdlv named by tho ore* Hamlet's Ghost, U bulli pirtlv from pomona of the wreck which were washed on shore, and partly from some boat planking which was brought from Sydney for tho use of the station Shots ouilt after tbe American style, and tikmg into consideration the difficulties uni'cr which abo waa constructed, she is a very creditable piece of work. She is cutter rigEtsl, »nd wc understand from the crew that she behaves well in a «oawav, her speed is not despicable as may bo ascertained by tho quick on ehe made to this port E\e\ cn of the natives who were par t of the crew of tho schooner Prince of Denmark were left on tho island with about eighteen months' pro\ isions During the voyage of the Hamlet's Ghost to Brisbane, aho experienced line weither until ncaiwe this coast, when -"ho encountered strong southerly winda for the last two days. The ere* had plenty of provisions during the whole of the passage The following ves-els wcro spoken Ihe Elira, brig (whaler), Captain Cornstalk, from Hobart Town, six weeks out and cloon , tbe American batquo Elira, from I<cw B.-dford, thirty months out, with 1O00 barnla or oil This i eitel supplied them with water and a quantity of provision« The Ofllcv, a whaler. Captain Robinson, from Hobart Toin, two months out, and clean , and the Uoonv Dean, Captain Wybrow, with forty barrels of oil, and in a leaky conditioa V, c understand that the schooner Prince of Denmark was the propertv of Captain Bennet, and that she was built of British oak as far back as the year 1769.-Queensland Guardian, 1st instant. 