TOWN AND COUNTRY NEWS. Mil Montagu Manning.— We bare much pleasure In staling that tbla yotit ig gentleman— an Australian— a*on of Sir W. Manning, Lire passed a suoocsaful examination for tbe Line. TiikOdtbu Domain.— On tbe IBih instant, Mr. Piddlng ton bad tbe hosoar to convty to the Hon. tbe Secretary for Fublic Lands, a written application to tbe Government to erect gaslights In the Outer Domain, along the road from Governor JfeuTke'* Statue to tbe entrance of tbe Botanic Gardens, end from that entranoo along tho pathway lo the Ledge, star fit. Mary'e Cathedra], and tbexoe along tbe road at tbo back of the pariiimsnUry building# to Dourke's Statue, signed by iho following member* of tbe Legislative Assembly Messrs, W. It. Flddington, W* Hodman, 15 C. Close, W. H. Suttor, It Haworth, V. Kgan, H. Stewart, J. A. Cun&oen;, T. Hangar, It. Wisdom, J. J* Uaipur, J* Caldwell, J. B- Wilson, D. Bell, T. H. Mat*. A. Morris, J* Lackey, M. Burdekin, H. Forator. J. F. Burns. wTLovo, H. Gordon, J. C. Martin, W. B Allen. J. J). Lang, D.D., U. FletU J. Sutherland, A. T* Holrord, J. Buchanan, D. C. Dalgleish, R. Sadlelr. A. J.' P, Tigbe, J. Maopbereoo, B. C. Wcckee, J. Luoas, T\ A* Bmdeo, W- K. Dallcy,' T. Holt, J. Leery, M. Moriarty, Dictation to the Hon. Ministfu of Lands.— Tbe following gentlemen waited on tbe Hon. Minister ef Lands on tbo J 7th instant, to present two memorials nume rously aignod, pTAjicg that measures may betaksn to open up Cleveland-street and other streets to tbe lUnfwtck Koad, now shut up by the town common, also to aacoruin whether tbo grant of money made by Parliament to open up the access to Cleveland 'Street from Iho toll-gate on tbo handwlck Road could be applied to that purpose, likewise to suggest that the nigbtsoll now spread out on tho surface of tbe waste lands should be buried and mixed with soil so mi In nrnvrtni thn «vil cons^ationnAfl lA thn hnrttv nf thn atmosphere. 1 bo deputation consisted of Messrs. Suther land, itenwlck, and fiadleir* Tbe Minister of Lands slated in reply that be could do nothing as to opening the streets until He Patliamcot deoided upon aa Aot be Intended to fctroduco to make over tbe oommon to tbe City Corporation ; that tbls Act would secure the power of granting streets and of enabling the Corporation to sell or dispose of the portions of Utd tho Government bad mea* sural off for sale ; that he, however, would, If bo found there wero no objection*. proclaim the streets, and that as to the nigbttoil the Sydney Corporation wore empowered to tueko pits, Ac., to bury it. It appears tbe City Cor poration contemplate to act upon this authority, and are now forming plans sad estimates for the purpose. Intmlcolonial Kowinu Match — A meeting of the Intercolonial Rowing Match Committee was to have bees held on Tuotday afternoon, but, a quorum not being present, Iho meeting was postponed. In answer to tbe invitation of the committee, eighteen amateur oarsmen havo soat tbefr names to tbe secretary as candidates for tho honour of representing New South Wales in tho next aquatic contest to oomc offal Melbourne. It fs not fatonded to select the crew until about a month before the time when it will be necessary for tho rowers to leavo Sydney, and in the interim arrangements will be made for a series of trial races aureng the competitors. Although November has boon named, no kptciflc date has been definitively appointed for iho pulling of tbo raoe. It is thought by eouie that it would be de sirable to defer tho cvout until February— the lime when the intercolonial cricket match is usually played— and had the committee have met a proposition to that effect would probably bavc been submitted. The Estimaths.— The Estimates of tbe probable ex penditure of tbe Government of the colony for the year 1864 were laid on tho table of the Assembly on Friday, 1 7 th instant. Tbo total amount required for 18G4 chargeable on revenue Is £1,563,990, being an increase of £111, 8 52 upon the amount appropriated for tbo present year. The amount voted for 1803 to be provided for by loan was £160,832 ; but for the coming year it is proposed to borrow to tbo extent of £1,044.970. This amount includes a sum of £928,000 for railways, the principal items of which are as follows:— Towards the extension of the Great Northern Railway, £250,000; towards the construction of railway to Mudgee, £250,000; towards tho extension of railway to Dathurst, £250,000; extension of Great Southern audi Western Railways to Hyde Park, £00,000 ; completion of Morpeth line and erection of station buildings, £20.000 ; towards extension of Darling Harbour branch to deep water, £15,000. Tbe principal works tobs provided for by loan under the Engineer for Harbonrs and River Navigation are : For tbe construction of a breakwater at Bellambi, £20,000 ; and towards construction of wharfs and coal baein at Newcastle, £38,000. Appropriations are pro* posed for the construction of three telegraphic extensions, subject to the usual conditions of guarantee : from Mudgee to Mnrrurandi, from Braidwood to Araluen, and from A r aluen to Cooma. Under tbe other department* the pro posed Appropriations for 1804 show a alight increase on those for 18G3. Amongst the numerous items of which ibis increase consists we may notice that it ia proposed to give each of the under-secret ariee £1000 a year, instead of £800. There is also & supplementary estimate for the pre sent year to the amount of £353.854 8s. 4d. O'Connell Monument Fund— A meeting of the 0'Conoel) Monument Fund Committee was held in she Tows Hall, on Monday afternoon. The Hon. J. H. Plunkett, M.L.C , oocupied the chair. Subscription lists represent ing an arnonnt of about £63 1 Is* were n ceived, and the pub lication of the Beta was directed. The committoo adjourned to the 18th August, when it is proposed to take into con sideration the desirability of closing matters connected with tbe fund. In he Potter —Tbe Attorney-General has intimated that as the evidence in this case does sot in his opinion present a prima facie caie of stealing, it is not his intention to put the accvbfed upon bis trial. A new school- house, adjacent to St. Phillip's Church— a tasteful Gothic structure, of brick with stone dressings— has rece&tly; been completed and occupied. Tbe work was canied out under the direction of Mr. W. Kemp, and has oo»t£!580, tbe whole of which has been defrayed by volun tary contributions. Kohrerv.— On the eveniog of the 16th instant, a most daring and Impudent robbery was perpetrated at the house of Mr. Edward Byrne, Burrangong Hotel, Haymar ket, J oat as the family had sat down to tea, four men entered tbe bar, and calhd for some refreshment. Whilst it was being served one of the fellows slipped away, and made hia way upstairs into Mr. Byrne's bedroom, wbero he picked a lock in one of the drawers, and abstracted from it the snm pf £12. He returned to tlie bar, and lha whole four cleared out btfue the robbery was discovered. Publicans cannot be too cautious in watching the movements of customers who may enter their houses in mobs of three or four in an evening, as from a number of robberies of a similar nature to tbe one above recorded, which have recently occurred in Sydney, it is evident that there are a set of scoundrels prowling about, and keeping a sharp look out for every op portunity of practising their nefarious transactions. Uvdc.— Our Correspondent writes:— A strong and fculfftantia! wbarf has lately been erected here by the Government for the use of the public. It ia situated at the end of the W&tchhoose; Road, but beforo it can be of any service to the inhabitants it will be neceseaty for the approaches near it to be made good ; also the reads leading to it. For this purposs the Govern ment have granted the enm of £t50 for making the road from tbo wharf to the watchhouee ; the other road which creates through Blanch's property to meet tho road leading past the church and village is to be formed by subscription ; neatly sufficient funds has been subscribed for this purpose.— A petition i u favour of tbe incorporation of the district is being taken round for signature. The roads in all directions are in & disgraceful stato of repair, and all parties are quite satisfied that it is time something wee done ; but what to do is the question ; some are for & rood trust, some for a municipality, and others are for a tolibar ; and tbcre are some who are for allowing matter* to go on in the miserable way they & re at present. A few weeks, however, will decide tbe question whether we are to have a municipality or not.— Petty sessions having been established here, and several cases havo been brought before the Bench— Ihe first, for drunkenness, being dismissed with a reprimand. Railway Eeceifts for the week ending 14th July, JSG3 Northern, £62' 2s. 6d ; Southern, £11196*. 7d*- Western, £417 10s. 3d. Total, £20G3 19s 4d. Inauuuuation op the Windsor Volvntber Fire Brigade. — The membors of ibis newly formed body, along with Mr. Bown and several of tho fiydcqy and Farramatta companies, assembled on ihe afternoon of Tuesday hat in the yard of the Bank of New South Wales, whero the firs engine was stationed, and where the system and mode of working the engine was fully explained to the brigade by Mr, Bown. This part of the lurfneae having bean satisfactorily executed, the brigade with the engine, and a&der; the super vision of Mr. Bown, proceeded through George-street, followed by a large number of the townspeople, down to the pnnt wharf, where, by the e&Ay; access to wafer, the powei end strength of the engine were fully manifested, and the effect of its moistening capabilities tried on a large number whe were watching the proceedings from the b&nke.; The engine was then drawn by the members up the Pant H1J1 to tho front of the Rev. C. T\ Garoecy's residence, on Thomaon'e-iquare, and b&ving; procured a supply of water, tho company praotlsed for a considerable time on Mr. Garnseyte hosts, bat unfortunately, before having consumed the whole of the water, a eligbt accident oconrred to the cylinder, from what reason 1 cannot say, but all further practice wss prevented. The brigade now proceeded to the west end of the town, where the engine was Inspected by many of iho inhabitants, and then drawn back to the station and christened by Mr. G anise y by the name of *? Union.' In the evening the ev6nt was concluded at a dinner at tho Barraba Hotel, at wbioh about fifty gentle-? men partook. Mr. W. Walker, M.L.A., occupied tbe chair, and Mr. U Coley the vice-chair. O'Conneel.— A lectors was delivered on Mondavevenlcf in the Hall of tho Australian Catholio Young Men's Society, Sacred Heart, by Mr. J. M, Cnnnopn, M.L.A* Tbe sub ject selected was (he lifo, writings, rpeeches, and opfnions of the Great Liberator, under the title of 'A& hour with O'Connell.' In the oourse of his narration, tho lecturer made numerous applications of the opinions of the great Irish orator to the circumstance* of this oolony ; and was frequently and warmly cheered. The attendance on the oocasion was very numerous, the meeting being presided over by tbe Rev. Mr. Sheridan. Attempting to Utbbt a Train.— The Hbglcton Times of 16th July eaje:— A dastardly effort was made hut Friday afternoon to throw the passenger train off the line near Branxtos, by placing Btonee upon (he rails. The size of the atones, however, was not adapted for the fiendish work for which they were intended, some being too largo and some too small, so that no Injury wm done. Uot'M.Ahh J'auk — A corrvflpt nletH eUtes thit the opening of tbe railva) to tbie place and Ploton lioontorrini; viest 1 outfits « n the inhabitants resident on this, as w«U as on tbe Kn- 1 Bsrgo, side of the river ; and when U ia batter known at Ktotna, D&pto;, Wollongong, and tho oosst dis tricts generally, that travelers to Sydney, Camdoo, Pict m, Ac, by follow lug the old mall road via Mount Kcira (which In now bring further cleared, and put in good order), can reach the railway station here just as noon as ihty could Appln, there can bs litllo doubt this route will be exclusively used. Tho Ncpean River, situated a quarter-mile from the station, has been, and is still, the greatest drawback on thla road. An excellent carriage approach bos, however, been lately made, stops arc In progress to make the old approach on this side eUo practicable for wheel vehicles ; a platform bridge will then complete the communication. At present travellers pass over In a boat and swim their horses across ; we hoar, however, that a respectable man, who will act as ferryman, and who fs now building a residence on tbe eastern aide close to tho ford, will arrange to paddock or stable the horses of Huch travellers who may wish them taken care of until their return ; by this arrangement equestrians, outd, if necessary, especially In the wanner months, travel from Ihe cooet districts and bade the eame day. Our coast friends, w* daro say, never expected to be eo much advantaged by railways. Arrest or an Ekcait.d Prisoner.— A telegram was received on Tuesday, announcing tbe oapture, at Liverpool, oi \\\ oedbeart, one of the men who escaped from Bathurst y fcol in February last, having been convicted of borse'Bteal ing. end ec&lenocd; to five years' hard labour. I f. Ainu l Accident.— On Monday afternoon, about htif-u-bt five o'clock, Mr. Bourke, late lessee of tho Water loo Hotel, High-street, West M&itiand;, mot with a droad luj accident, which it is feared will terminate fatally. The csKUfclly occurred at the comer of High and Devonshire ♦ tret to, &L; which pluco the unfortunate man was violently ibrown from u horse be was riding, his head coming in cmieU with the corner of Mr. Dwycr'e shop, and the horeo bo was tiding immediately afterward* rolling ovcrbim. The tuftcicr was at once remove d to the Royal Arch Hotel, where be now lies in a very precarious state. Dr. Scott and Dr. M4Kenz!c w ere in attendance and report unfavour blly cf tbo injuries sustained.— Maitland Mercury . Baring Shot hkeakino.— Karly on Tuesday, 13th July, a daring burglary wbb committed on the premises in the occupation ot Mr. Bnlferworth, chemist, in Howick-street, n&d; troru the nature of tho articles stolen, and tbe shape of footprints in the vicinity, it is surmised that the burglars wore Chioemoo. About fifteen pounds' weight of opium, Ytiluid at about £30, appears to be all, with the exception of h pair ol boot*, which woe taken, ana the robbery appoars to havo been oonducUd with tbe greatest coolnoes, and is evidently the work of parties who have managed to moke )itu-£t]v-s we)] acquainted with tbe plan of ihe house and (be whereabouts of tbo drug tbey required —BaihurU Timet. Baimng-uf at Long Creek, Mkboo.— Tho corres )*md(Ot of the Mudgee Liberal writes to that journal as tollows On Thursday night, two armed men went to tbe house of Mr. X'. M'Grath, at the head of Campbell's Crook, aud bailed up the whole household, consisting of seven tlrong men besides females. One man named Welle, a digger (who was etuying there a day or two previous to go iLg away from the diggings for good), lost £28 lie. ; some of the other parties loBt a lewsbillinga each. Mr. M'Grath stowed hie money away, so that the principal viotim was Welle. Both men were disguised, and epoke ia a feigned vf fee. U here is but one opinion about this robbery, viz., that the robbers were not strangers, and that they Xaow what monty Welle liad; and their speaking in a feigood vo-'oe ib taken as proof positive on the subject. Youthful Footfads.— A circumstance happened a few evenings since, which at another time might havo leen laughed at as a mere Iheaghtitsi freak, but being considered in connection wiih the frightful lawlessness which is cropping out in ell directions, the fact becomes one of serious significance, when the result provcB that the impunity -njoycd by buebr&ngers;, suggests an imitation of their tactics to the rising generation. The case we allude le is es follows : — A boy purchased some eweetmeats at the shop of Mr. Hawley, the confoctioner, and coming out of the door was followed and waylaid by two others : an old pietoi was held at Lis head, and a demand made for a parcel of sweets, 'i he boy, in fear, gave up hie purchase, and the yonng highwaymen scampered away with their prize. NVhere will all this end r— Jiaifiurst Times . Dead Body Found in the Bubh.— The dead body of a Chinaman, who W86 mentioned some time ego as missing, was found by one of the Barney Downs stockmen on Tuesday evening. Information was at once given to sub inspector Meares, who, with senior-constable Herbert, went to tbe epot yesterday morning. The body was lying cn the banks of the Barney Downs Creek, and presented a frightful spectacle, almost the whole of one leg having hi cn eaten away from the bones. — Tentcrfizld Chronicle, July 16. A Judicial Fix.— The Tomworth Examiner at 18th July, says On the evening of the 34ih instant his Honor J udge Francis wbb returning to his hotel, between ten and eleven o'clock, when, from the darkness of the night, he rufeBcd the centre of the street, and had not unfortunately to go far before he found himself landed knee deep in the mud, which lies at either side of the road. Thinking little or tbe matter at first, and believing that it was merely a lutalwaje to be found in provincial towns ia this colony, his Honor took a stop or two forward in the vain hope of reaching fiim ground ; hut it was no use, the more he tried tbe deeper he sunk, and the more exhausted his efforts become, until at lost he was fairly compelled to give up in despair. Bomo moments were spent in mute contemplation when, as a last effort, Zri determined to make h is way to the nearest house and secure a spade for the purpose of freeing himself ; but just as this idea had been formed a voice was heard, Mr. Francis cried out for help, and Mr. scrgfont Horniman came -o bis assistance. Seeing the ptrilone pc Billon of his Honor, Mr. Hor&im;&n;, not without considerable risk to himself, succeeded in mounting his Honor on his shoulders and carrying him to dry land. Working or tiie Land Act. — We have been oblig ingly furnished by the land agent here with a return show ing the number of selections made in 1862, and for thehalf y ear ending Juno, 18G3, which are as follows:— For the 3 ear 1862, ibirty-seves selectors, and tbe quantity of land taken up was 3468 acres. For the half of the present year, there were forty- three selectors, and the quantity taken up wob 3700 acres. Thus it will be seen that eighty families have been permanently located amongst ub, which, com puted at five persons each family, will give 600 persons in ihe eboit period of eighteen mouths, under a law which was deemed to be futile and pernicious. The localities where the largest number of selectors are situate are Dongowan Creek, Cockbum River— both tributaries of the Feel lliver, Jacob and Joseph Creek, and Attunga, below Wollomo.— Tainuorth Examiner. Cattle Stealing at Jerrabatgully.— At the com mencement of the week Mr. Joseph Hart, of Jerrabatgully, obtained a warrant against John Dempsey and William Lowry, of Emu Fiat, Krawaree, for cattle stealing, and on Thursday constable Geelan, to whom the execution of the warrant was entrusted, succeeded in apprehending Lowry. He saw Dempsey and Lowry riding in the direction of Emu Flat, but the former succeeded in effecting his escape. Geelan having arrested Lowry, took possession of the two horses upon which he had seen the men riding, upon suspicion of their having been stolen, and being unable to get any satisfactory account of the saddles he took possession of them, and brought horses and saddles to Braidwood, together with a third horse also supposed to have been stolen .—Braidwood Dispatch 18th July. Serious Accident.— Our readers will remember the name of Mr, Stephens, of Caloola, who a short time ago was so brutally treated by the brothers Ross and O'Connor, mid for which outrage the two Horse* were executed in b'ydney. Mr. Stephens was in Bathuret on Thursday last purchasing some goods, and left town in the afternoon for Caloola. In the Vaio a female saw him, and ask*d him to allow her to ride in the cart, to which request he acoeded. About three miles from Butler's Inn, Stephens, in attempt ing to urge his horse te greater speed, overbalanced him self, and fell out of the cart, the wheel of which passed over bis body in a diagonal direction, rendering him for the time unable to move. The female who was with him started at once for ae6iet&ncc;, and, after travelling about three quarters of a mile, obtained help. Mr. Stephens was conveyed back to Mr. cutler's, complaining of great pain in his back, and a special messenger was sent lo Bathuret for medical assistance. Dr. Connell wss promptly on the spot, and prescribed the needful remedies. The injuries sustained are not eo eerious as was at first apprehended.— JJethurst Times, 18th July. Two Prisoners Escaped.— Last Tuesday afternooo, the Cowra coach en route fur Bathuret, by some accident to tbe fore axletree, broke down, producing a spill among the passengers, .which, however, caused no casualties worth mentioning. The accident happened about a mile and a hall from Macnamara's Traveller's Rest, at King's Plains, and the passengeis, consisting of two gentlemen, throe ladies, and a policeman in charge of two prisoners, had to walk to the public- house, where they remained until a coach came from Bslhurat te fetch them in. While stop ping at the Traveller' b Rest, the two prisoners made good use of their time, for, by some means managing to extricate flieir wrists from tbe handcuffs In whioh they were con fined, they watched their opportunity, and suddenly darted cut of the house, and, thoughhotly pursued by the polioe officer, effected their escape. The two men were committed by tho Cowra Bench to take their trial on a charge of btrao-stealing.— Jlaihtost Times . Lachlan Bivrr.— At the date of onr previous advices (28th June) tbe Lower Lachlan was rising rapidly, over flowing the, banks, and throwing the baok-water into the ana-branches. Weather very fine. The back oountry between this river and the Darling is being ocoupied and stocked. Onr advices from the Lower Leohlan are now to the 6th July (Monday). The Lachlan was still rising, having ovei flowed Its banks, and great efforts were in pro greea to stock the country between that river and the Par ng. Water cm the vast plains wes abundant, and some of the eettiers were busily occupied In making uraoes,' dams and reservoirs, in doing which soverat euocosses are re corded whioh we shall In a future number detail. The weather was cold and unsettled, and looked throateiring for rain. Lambing was proceeding favourably. — Pastoral Winter at O'Connell, —We havo lately had a good deal of snow* Last Tuesday, the 7th instant, St commenced, and on Wednesday morning the ground was covered to the depth of several inches. On the road between this plaoe and the Frylngpen it was In some parts from a foot to a foot and a half in depth. The weather consequently was very cold, tbo thermometer not ranging above 40 degrees until the afternoon of that day, when a thaw commonoed. The mountains around us are at present white with amw, — Vontsyrmdtni of the Botfturst Fret lYtff. Fuockedjkgs op Rivkrinr Council. — The tbird monthly meeting took plaoo on Tuesday, the 7th instant, when lb ere was & largo attendance of members ; the pre sident, Mr. Lang, in the chair. All the aocounts were presented, end after stringent examination, olther passed oud paid, or referred back for explanation. The principal buriutfB of tbe meeting was tho electiun or a secretary, when tb ere was oo&riderablo; difficulty iu deoldlngbstweOQ tbe most eligible of the candidates Tho election was finally io favour of Mr. FranciB A. Corbott, of Melbourne. Mr. Corbett, besides having been ptomimnily engaged -and wiih great credit— in the conduct of two censuses, ia Victoria, '67 and '61, was lor Borne time sub-editor of (be Melbourne Argus. It appeared from the dnces of tbe (eriimoniais that this was during (he most radical auli-i qualter days of the Argus, but the Council regarded this as no objection, considering their lord policy the most liberal to the bona fide agricultural ecttleiB yet promulgated, giving tbeui security us woll as scope for free selection, in which the Aot of 1861 totally fnile, (Lough without unnecessarily damagiug and harassing tbe paetoral occupant, which in Sydney and Melbourne ha 4 always been introduced as en etfiestially necessary element in every measure afiouiing the public lands. Tbe squatter members of the Council have steadily guarded against &Uon; ptiog to get more than equal jaetioe w/th tho agrical tural or other interests, In existenoo or that may arise, and appeared to consider that the most conscientious liberal might advocate (heir views and interests. The reports of the collectors were most Eatis'eciory, and Mr. Robertson's speech, except around Albury, had produced no effect what ever. Only three of the collectors had returned, so that (he infoimalion is Mill very iuipeifect. The signatures 10 iho petitions received nt tbo office amount to 1002, the r-maindcr ol those to tbe Sydney petitions are to be sent there direct, to await tbe anivel of tbe delegates. The population cf tbeMurzumbidgeo between Houlahan'a Creek and Hey (but excluding Hay) was slated to be above 1000 on iho north bank alone. A great number of persona de clined to BuUcrJoe for tho present because they believed tbst tbe money would not be required, that their demands were too reasonable to be refused by the Sj dney Govern ment ; bat that if compelled to carry Lho matter to Englaud iliey would subscribe liberally. Tbe subscriptions wero fctaud to amount to over £8200. It was moved and oarried that the delegates should leave for Sydney not later than the 14th.— J'astoral Times, July 11. Lhtle River Gold.— During the week we were ahowa a veTy fine sample of nuggctty gold from the Little River. 11 is one of the finest we nave seen from that locality, and contains pieces varying from a pennyweight to an ounce.— Jiraidxcood Observer. Chineke Notions of Futurity,— On lutBdaylast, during the tiiat of Pcang Jem and Lutn Yeo, for robbing Aik Sing, a Chinese wimess named Ah Poon, upon being interrogated by Judge Callsghan, as to what would become cf him after death il he was to lead a bad and wicked life, said (bat if he was a good man while alive, he would, when dead, be a good ghost. If, on the other hand, he lea a bad life be would be a bad gbott. If a very bad man, He might be a dog or a horse. In the same trial, another Chinese witness (the prosecutor), stated in reply to his Honor, that to prayed to a wooden god be had in a josd-houeo in China, and if he told a lie his god would cause him to be struck by lightning, or to fall from his horse, orsome other such cala mity might befall him.— Eraidtcood News. 