A provincial contemporary, of influential position, wonders that this journal, as the exponent of liberal opinions, should be so severe ou the member for West Geelong. r rum wmcn iu wuuia occm tu /oIIott aC n. corollary that the progress of liberal opinions is in some way connected with Mr Bkooke. Beyond our contemporary and the association which committed the mistake of inviting Mr Beooke 10 limner, mure 15 iiu uue eise who snares that belief. Mr Bhooice is a politician wrecked aud deserted. He aspires to be a leader, but he has not a follower. He fo mented a conspiracy against the Govern ment before they had taken their seats, and before their policy was known. But those whom he entrapped grew ashamed of the connection, and crossed the floor, leaving him alone. They were dissatisfied with the Cabinet, but they refused to range themselves under his leadership. The estimation in which he is held, and the , influence he possesses were ascertained j when he divided the House on the tbird j reading of the Land Bill in favor of the Occupation Licenses. With difficulty he obtained a seconder for his motion, and only one or two voted for it. If the liberal party are following 'strange gods' it is be cause they decline to deify Mr Bkooke, and there is no choice left. Such being Mr Brooke's position, on what grounds is our consistency questioned when we cross the floor with recognised liberal politicians and leave him alone? Ia our ' denunciation' of him too bitter, Eeeing that an Administration of which he was a member, had our support ? The answer is ready, and we hope complete. The breach is of his own making ; the attack has been courted by himself. lie unwar rantably assailed his former associates. He assumed, without any justification, that the Ministry were about to sacrifice the public interests to the squatters. It was not what the Government had done, but what they were going to do, that was the burden of his complaint. The truth is that Mr Bkooke imagined he would force the members of the Cabinet who were present at the banquet, into a premature disclosure of their future policy. The letter was a malignant bombshell, in tended to burst at the head of the table and scatter confusion. But the fuse went out, and the inflammable compound did not explode. Mr Beooke- did not contemplate that his epistle would be considered ' as ' read,' and be handed over to the reporters for publication next morning. Since so much importance has been at tached to this letter, we may bo permitted to advert to its subject matter. Mr Brooke elegantly designates the present a ' mongrel ' Ministry.' He can, however, take uo objection to its composition as far as regards Messrs Heales, Vebdon, Sullivan and Geant, and they are four of the nine. It is unfortunate i'or the member for West Geelong that he had himself, prior to the crisis, been negotiating with the majority of the residue. He had fre quent interviews with Mr M'Cuxloch. lie tried to come to an understanding with MrlliGiNBOxriAJi. He sounded Mr MrciiiE. He cannot complain of the views of Mr Francis on the Land Question, seeing that that gentleman amended Mr Grant's notice of motion, so as to affirm the principle of the Occupation Licenses. What then is Mr Brooke's objection to the composition of the Cabinet ? His own exclusion ! Since he tempts us, we may inform him that be was left out because his administration of the Land# Department had created a profound distrust in the minds of that section who mav be regarded as favorable to the preten sions of the squatters. It was known that he had proposed, when in office, as a pfacclo that the pastoral lands should be sold at from five to ten shillings per acre. Moreover, he had maintained an intimacy with persons who had been most prominent in evading the law. Messrs Moffatt and Cuirksit)f, were his familiar^, and lie, on returning from New Zealand, opened a negotiation with Mr Furlonoe. Mr Brooke was rejected chiefly because it wa3 kuown that he had been actively intriguing with the squatters in order to procure the expulsion ofMrDcFFr. In the face of these facls, what can he more audacious than Mr Brooke's assertion that Mr Heales and his colleagues are about to betray the public interests for the sake of office ? Mr Brooke informed the Liberal Association that the Occupation Licenses ' solves the problem ' of the l»est means of settling the population ' on the soil, on terms alike advantageous to ' themselves and the State.' It is unneces sary to discuss whether any system which leaves the tenant of land uncertain as to whether he will ultimately obtain the fee 1 simple, even after making improvements, | is the very best that can be devised. We admit that the Occupation Licenses are eminently calculated to promote settle ment, but Mr Brooke is assisted no thing thereby. It is now known that after the general election cf 1861 Mr Brooke declined to make the necessary regulations, and he was ultimately com pelled to do so by those gentlemen whom he now accuses of a design to betray the coun try. This damning fact has been elicited through the hon. gentleman's own impru dence. It will be remembered that, after the election, an unaccountable delay occurred in the issue of the regulations, and that, on going out of office, the member for West Geelong left behind him an immense number of applications, the most of which might have been granted. Ia attempting to win popularity through the Occupation Licenses, Mr Brooke runs a terrible risk, and tempts disclosures most damaging to himself. It is surprising that a journal so shrewd as the Bendigo Advertiser should fall into the error of supposing that the Govern ment has the power of foisting an objectionable land system on the country. In the first place they would, be de feated in the present Assembly ; and, on appealing to the constituencies, they, would be left in a minority. The people have the final settlement of the land question more firmly in their power now than at any former time. We do not believe with Mr Brooke that 'thousands' will be dis franchised under the Electoral Act. If they are it is their own fault. And, even grant ing that the numbers on the roll are less, the ! character of the representation will not be materially altered. . The Duffy Act, in the hands of the existing Government is a powerful instrument with which to force the Upper House into terms. Instead of being condemned for selling land within the twenty five millions of acres by auction, the Govern-, ment deserve credit for their boldness and independence of the squatters. There was before them the alternative of re-opening the ten millions of acres, to be seized upon by monopolists, or to sell portions of the runs in the manner prescribed by the Act. They have chosen the lesser evil of the two, and have broken down the artificial distinction between pastoral and agricultural lands, and have taught the squatters that their leases are worthless. But the country will not be content to return to auction as the exclusive means of disposing of the Crown lands, and the Ministry will not attempt it. They have no motive for tergiversation so shameful, even if capable of it. Until the Upper House will accept their policy, the Government can administer the existing Act, which is no worse for the country than the system the Council desires. At any rate, the land question will be settled without the assistance of -Mr Brooke. The later European news arrived by way of the Mauritius corroborated what we ven tured to say the other day about the evident readiness of the Czar for a war with the Western Powers. His formal reply to their demands on the Polish question has been received and published in London, and the English ambassador in St. Petersburgh did not fail to signify to his Imperial Majesty that thatreply was regarded by Great Britain as an insult. The Emperor of all the Itussias peremptorily declines to let either England or France interfere between him and Poland. He intimates, it seems, in plain words, that the questiou is no affair of theirs — that it is the business exclusively of himself, aud Prussia and Austria, as the joint holders of the provinces which were once Poland- — and that he has no mind to tolerate any outside intervention. Such bold action as this, in defiance of Europe, and with the Prussian King, his.only ally, uuable to help him, can only be accounted for, as we lately pointed out, by the internal condition of Russia her self. The Czar is plainly less afraid of the loss of Poland than of Russian disaffection, and he hopes to remove that disail'ection by a war which will please the prejudices of all classes of his Muscovite subjects. It is impossible to imagine a more direct chal lenge of the crisis than his haughty answer to the Courts of Paris and London ; and, as England regards that answer as &n; insult, France must feel it so still more strongly, inasmuch as the interference of her Govern ment was the more emphatic. After having gone so far, the two great powers of the West caunot afford t.o submit to their diplomacy being thus ordered off. The question is 110 longer for them a matter of abstract sympathy with the Polish nation ; their dignity and status in the eyes of the world, arc involved. If he were to brook an affront so open, the French Emperor would forfeit in an hour that hold on the military admiration of his people, which ho has been for years so assiduously building up. But there is sufficient reason to believe that he desires nothing better than this last development of the question. The man who could send an army to look for glory in a field so com paratively insignificant as Mexico, will be delighted to leap at so majestic an op ' portunity as is offered in Poland. What did the French public care about the future of Mexico ? What about the fate of the Maron ites in Syria, whither their legions were also despatched on the knight-errant prin ciple — nay, what was even their sympathy for the Italians in comparison with this for the Poles ? If the Emperor obtained for the first time a x-eaily secure seat on his throne by helping Italy, he will ensure and transmit it tenfold more firmly by helping Poland. Nations are not as ungrateful at their rulers too often are, and France doe« not forget the unfortunate ally whose service* were so shamefully unrequited by the first Bonaparte, and whose blood was so freely shed for each of his victories, of which Frenchmen are so proud. The opportunity of restoring Poland is the greatest opportu nity Louis^Napoleox ever yet had of ingia tiating himself and his dynasty with the nation he governs, and the man in the Tuilleries i3 just the last statesman in Europe to either mistake or neglect an opportunity. Then, as for the upshot of such a war, thero can be no possible room for doubt about it. Russia has not the ghost of a chance. Tho aid of any one of the several powers now banding against the Cossack would enablo the insurgents to shake themselves free. Whatever ends the Czar may gain by tho war (and he must have the hope of gaining some end, or he would be a mudt,ian), he is quite sure to be deprived of Poland for ever. Therefore, with the most potent motives to spur him to tho enterprise, and with the certainty also of success, it is impossible to suppose that Napoleow will not eagerly take up the gaunt let which Alexander has thrown down. And he will not be allowed to do it single-handed. The English Government are bound by their position, as well as by the public feeling, to join the conflict. Tho Swedish will as assuredly and heartily join ; and the Austrian will probably bear some share, more or less. After the grave intelli gence which has now arrived, and which seems so explicit and definite, we must regard the subsequent note forwarded by the allies to St. Petersburgh as their ultimatum, and a3 tho prelude to hostilities, unless Czar Alexan der recalls his resolution and his words, an expectation which must be looked upon as quite out of the question. As the Prussian monarch is not in a posi tion to help Russia, and so provoke tho French to the Rhine, the attack of tha allies in the event of a war would be directed through the Baltic. There might still be time before the northern winter sets in to attack Cronstadt and St. Petersburgh, but it is more likely that, as the year is late, the first operations would consist in blockading the narrow seas, and disembarking an army in Courland and Livonia, which were once the seaboard of the Polish monarchy, and from whence the insurrection could be effectually co operated with. The ports of Sweden opposite will be invaluable in afford ing depots for the necessary stores, and havens for the allied fleets. At the same time, Poland would receive, at the other end, arms and other supplies through Austria ; and if the latter power would not herself furnish auxiliary corps, she would most likely permit the passage of such. If the spectacle of his legions driven out of Poland did noi suffice the bellicose spirit of the Czar, the return of fine weather would most probably see his capital attacked by an English fleet and a French and Polish army, with a Swedish army and fleet operating on neighboring Finland. St. Petersburgh is nearer to an enemy's hand than Moscow ; and Russia can in many ways be brought to her knees without attempting Bonapabtk'« grand mistake of 1812. But while all this goes on in his European provinces the Muscovite will be comparatively master of the situation on his eastern border aud in the waters of the Pacific. He has a squadron and troops at the mouth of the Amoor, and, if we mistake not, in an island recently acquired from Japan. What about the British squadron lately on the coast of Brazil, and which, it was rumored, or stated, was destined for the Australian station ? What, too, about those defensive measures of our own, which, somehow or other, we havo never yet made up our minds how to arrange or put into any really practical shape ? The mail, expected in a few days, will be looked for, we may well say, with unusual interest. 