MORTALITY. BY WILLIAM KNOX. O why should the spirit of mortal be proud ? Like a fast-flitting meteor, a fast-flying cloud, A flash of the lightning, a break of the wave,— He passes from life to his rest in the grave, The leaves of the oak and the willow shall fade, Be scattered around, and together be laid; And the young and the old, and the low and the high, Shall moulder to dust, and together shall lie. The child that a mother attended and loved, The mother that infant's affection that proved, The husband that mother and infant that blest, Each—all are away to their dwelling of rest. The maid on whose cheek, on whose brow, in whose eye, Shone beauty and pleasure—her triumphs are by. And the memory of those that beloved her and praised. Are alike from the minds of the living erased. The hand of the king that the sceptre hath borne. The brow of the priest that the mitre hath worn, The eye of the sage, and the heart of the brave Are hidden and lost in the depths of the grave. The peasant whose lot was to sow and to reap, The herdsman who climbed with his goats to the steep, The beggar that wandered in search of his bread. Have faded away like the grass that we tread. The saint that enjoyed the communion of heaven, The sinner that dared to remain unforgiven, The wise and the foolish, the guilty and just, Have quietly mingled their bones in the dust. So the multitude goes, like the flower and the weed, That winter away to let others succeed, So the multitude comes—even those we behold To repeat every tale that hath often been told. For we are the same things that out fathers have been, We see the same sights that our fathers have seen; We drink the same stream, and we feel the same sun. And we run the same course that our fathers have run. The thoughts we are thinking our fathers would think, From the death we are shrinking from they too would shrink; To the life we are clinging to they too would cling— But it speeds from the earth like a bird on the wing. They loved—but their story we cannot unfold; They scorned—but the heart of the haughty is cold; They grieved—but no wail from their slumbers may come; They joyed—but the voice of their gladness is dumb. They died—ay, they died ! and we things that are now Who walk on the turf that lies over their brow, Who make in their dwellings a transient abode, Meet the changes they met on their pilgrimage road. Yea, hope and despondence, and pleasure and pain, Are mingled together, like sunshine and rain; And the smile and the tear, and the song and the dirge. Still follow each other like surge upon surge. 'Tis the twink of an eye, 'tis the draught of a breath, From the blossom of health to the paleness of death; From the gilded saloon to the bier and the shroud— O why should the spirit of mortal be proud? [The above poem has been attributed to Mr. Lincoln, President of the United States. Sir Jas. Emerson Tennent writes to the Star to the effect that the lines were writen by Mr. William Knox, a friend of his, who died forty years ago]— Dial. RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION.—According to the calculations of some historians, about 200,000 Christian Protestants suffered death in seven years under Pope Julian; no less than 100,000 were massacred by the French in the space of three months; the Waldenses who perished amounted to 1,000,000; within thirty years the Jesuits destroyed 900,000; under the Duke of Alva, 26,000. were executed by the hangman; 159 000 by the Irish massacre; besides the vast multitude of whom the world could never be particularly informed who were proscribed, starved, burnt, assassinated, chained to the galleys for life, immured within the walls of the Bastille, or others of the Church and State prisons. According to some, the whole number of persons, massacred since the rise of Papacy, including the space of 1400 years, amounts to 15,000,000. THE HAWAIIAN MISSION.—The Polynesian, is the Sandwich Islands newspaper that represents the party most likely to be friendly to the English Church mission. From a copy of it just arrived we make the following extracts, which are interesting as an indication of the spirit in which the mission has been received at Honolulu, and as throwing light on its prospects: -"We welcome them hither sincerely and hopefully, and trust that their labours for the amelioration of the Hawaiian people, orally, mentally, and socially, may be crowned with marked success. The field is certainly large. The statistics of 1860 show that out of a population of 68,000 Hawaiians there are about 20,000 professing Protestants, about the same number of professing Catholics and, say, 300 Mormons, leaving 25,000 not connected with any creed, waifs on the religious stream, to be reclaimed for heaven or swept off to perdition. We look however, upon the episcopal mission not alone in its religious aspect, as a manufactory for converting a semi- heathen or indifferent population into nominal Christians, but as another of the various means in God's providence for the moral education and training of this peopIe, teaching them to live as well as to die, to do as well as to believe. ...... If we should characterise the present religious status of the Hawaiian people we should call it one of religious indifference—a swaying to and fro in gentle vibration between the two principles that succeeded the iron grip of the heathen... ...Coming, therefore, under the sunniest auspices, the career of the episcopal mission is beforehand marked out as being more of a constructive than of a destructive or combative character. Its mission will be to soothe, to conciliate, to attract, to smooth by gentle attrition the angular incrustations of isms and forms, presenting everywhere and to every class the highest conception of Christian liberty, the minimum of self-assertion in one's own cause, the maximum of self-abnegation in in the cause of others. In entering this field of its labours, the episcopal mission will find itself confronted by the already existing religious societies, the Presbyterian Protestant, and the Roman Catholic. We hope that, while the newcomers will acknowledge the good accomplished by there, they will in their turn be received with kindness and treated as co-workers in the vineyard of a common parent and master. We understand that the construction of the church and other buildings for the episcopal mission will speedily be commenced." The same mail brings proof copies of the Book of Common Prayer, as translated into Hawaiian by the King. It extends as far as the end of the order for Evening Prayer, following the English book, prayer for prayer and rubric for rubric. MUDIE'S LIBRARY.—The sale of a work, as is well known, does not always represent its circulation, and it may be interesting, therefore, to add a few facts drawn from Mr. Mudie's great book-store representing the largest circulating library in the world. Mr. Mudie is, at the present moment, the happy possessor of very nearly a million of books—a collection before which that of the famous Bodleian sinks into the shade, and that of the Vatican becomes dwarfish, as far as quantity is concerned. The relative importance of the various classes of English literature shapes itself somewhat differently, as before given, from the point of view of the supporters of this great lending library. During the ten years ending December, 1862 Mr. Mudie added close upon 960,000 volumes to his library, nearly one-half of which were work of fiction. To this immense collection, history and biography contributed 215,743 volumes ; travel and adventure, 125 381 ; fiction, 416,706 ; and miscellaneous books, in- cluding religious, scientific, political, and other works, 202,157 volumes. Of any popular works, in great demand at a particular time, from one to three thousand copies were taken by Mr. Mudie, the highest number being reached in Dr. Livingstone's Travels of which 3250 copies were added to the library. In the opinion of Mr. Mudie, every books finds, on an average, thirty readers— considerably more, in the majority of instances, as regards novels, and considerably less in tbe case of scientific and philosophical works. The most popular novels according to the experience thus gathered, have been "Tom Brown's School Days," and " Uncle Tom's Cabin " and next to them, "John Halifax," "Vanity Fair," "Adam Bede," "Two Years Ago," "The Woman in White," "The Caxtons," and "East Lynne"—in a descending scale, according to the order here given. Considering the large basis on which these statistics are founded, they are not without importance for measuring the circulation of Modern English literature and the literary taste of the age. —Supplement to Spectator. A HOSPITAL PHYSICIAN'S AFTERNOON.— The staff of the great hospitals is utterly insufficient to allow of their performing them- selves the work allotted to them .....We dis- cover every now and then a conscientious physician, who tries to do his work. We once calculated this work up in a particular instance. At half-past six in the evening the Esculapian hee was putting on his overcoat to return home; he had taken his seat in a wooden-bottomed chair at one p.m. For five and a half hours he had sat there, ringing his bell, calling out "Come in." examining his patients, and writing prescriptions, without a break. In the course of that period he had counted 4,480 strokes of the heart, listened to 96 chests, looked at 190 tongues, asked 1,120 questions, written 336 separate receipts, 11 certificates for clubs, 3 certificates of deaths, and brief notes in the hospital books of 29 new patients, giving their, age, sex, occupation, duration of illness, residence, and disease. Altogether he had given advice gratis to 224 people, and remarked that he fell short of his usual number. Shall we describe the man at the end of his day's work? He was so pale that he might have played Ghost to Hamlet in broad sunlight. He was a little deaf on one side from the frequent use of the stethoscope, one of his fingers was sore from percussing; his eyes were wearied; his back ached intensely; his head was heavy, and his voice was hoarse and tremulous. He had a misgiving that at the close of his work he had written a prescription for one patient on another patient's letter, and was dreadfully put out to find that, right or wrong, the patients had gone off with their medicines. As he passed out of the hospital nine persons whom he had never seen in his life waited to ask him privately his solemn opinion as to cases some of which had not been before him for weeks, and of which he had no more recollection than of Adam. His face of white despair conveyed to the anxious listeners meanings of which he had not the remotest conception. When he got away from them all there were still three long miles yawning between himself and his dinner.—Social Science Re- view. 