CHURCH MISSIONARY MEETING. The annual meeting of the Church Missionary : Society was held on Tuesday, at St. George's Hull. ' Tho placo was tolerably well filled shortly after -the liour appointed for the meeting. Punctually at half-past seven o'clock his Excellency Sir Charles Barling entered the Hull, accompanied by the Very Rev. the Dean. Ho proceeded to tho platform und took the chair. His Honor Mr Justico Molesworth, ?the Rev. Messrs Chase, Beecher, Dickenson, Hand field and other clergy also took their places on the platform. The Very Rev. tlio Dean opened tho proceoumgs wmi prayer. His Excellency briefly remarked that, having . gladly accepted tho invitation of the society to take tho chair, it became liis duty to acquaint them that the meeting was convened in tho regular course of the business of the society. Its objects wero to receive the annual report, and to adopt such reso lutions as would advance the interests of the so ciety. A peculiar interest would, ho anticipated, . attach to the meeting, as it would be addressed by several gentlemen who had been actively engaged in the work, and who could, therefore, speak of what they had seen and experienced. He liad much pleasure in appearing before so numerous an audience to give what sanction he could to . a society with objects so noble and praiseworthy. Thoro woro two features of this society's operations which ho had noticed with opposite feeling3. The . one was the very limited amount of pecuniary sup , port that it had hitherto received. This he regretted, .'but he trusted that the means of ;tho society would soon be enlarged. He was, however, glad to notico ? that tho conductors of this society had very wisely . concentrated their effoits upon the heathen people within their own reach, and had not, as he had ob . sorved in some cases, dissipated their means hy entering upon too wide a field of enterprise. He . adverted to this point, because he had observed that the efforts of some kindred bodies had often failed 'because they hid undertaken too much and Were . sometimes compelled to abandon an enterprise whieh had been fairly entered upon, in order to commence another elsewhere. He regretted that so little had hitherto been accomplished by institutions of this \- character, but thero was no reason for despair, and he made this remark on tho seeming want of results, not to discourage but to incite to further effort and 4o sustain that faith and perseverance which are the true principles of missionary enterprise. They wero assured of the ultimate triumph of the Christian religion, which was destined to spread and prevail, until, in tho words of a missionary bishop, ' like . a sea of glory, it rolled from pole to pole.' (Ap plause.) The hon. secretary, tho Rev. 11. B. Dickenson, .then read tho annual report, and Mr J. Si'owehs, tho treasurer, tho financial statement. The report . supplied a summary sketch of tho operations of tho society — whoso attentions has lately been directed chiefly to tho Chinese on the Ovens. Tlie treasu rer's statement showed that tho amount collected during the year was £292 17s Id— of which amount £67 had been remitted to the parent society. No debt now remained, but a balance of something over £20, after allowing for what had to be paid from tho balance of £69 now in hand. The Rev. W. Chalmers, late missionary at Borneo, moved the first resolution, which convoyed thanks to the Rev. Mr Despard for preaching the . annual sermons, adopted the roport and financial statement, and appointed the committee and officera for the ensuing year. Having proposed this resolu tion, tho rev. gentleman proceeded to speak of Borneo where he had labored. Some five years ago ho had offered his services to the Borneo mission, and had continued in connection with it until compelled by his health to come to Victoria. Having glanced at the physical peculiarities of the ? country, he proceeded to remark upon the character of the people who were tho objects of missionary enterprise. Theso were the Chinese and the abori ginal inhabitants — for tho Malays, who were Mahometans, were not included, as the Rajah Sir James Brooke had expressly stipulated with them, when ho undertook the government of the country, that thoir religion should not bo interfered with. ? Of the ignorance of tho Malays he gave several illustrations. Ho described tho Dyaks, the abori gines of the country, as a superior race physically, and to a certain extent civilised in their habits. Thoy live in tribes, and in many villages tho whole tribe will live togetherin onelong, largo house, divided iBto compartments, as many as forty families being : sometimes resident under one roof. Having spokon ?of their domestic economy, he concisely sketched their religious notions and thoir superstitions re specting ghosts, which seem in thoir apprehension to play no unimportant part in human affairs. He narrated several characteristic anecdotes of the people, and depicted many of their mannors and customs. He also gave an outline of the history of the mission, which Sir James Brooke first in stituted in 1849. The labors of tho missionaries wero chiefly successful among the Chinese, many ?of whom had become Christians, and during the insurrection of their countrymen against tho Rajah, those Christians wero the moans of preserving tha bishop andthemissionaries. Mr Chalmers established tho third mission station on tho Savannah, where ho resided two years. That station, ho was happy to say, was progressing. The rev. gentleman concluded ?A rather lengthy speech by appoaling to liis audience for more effective support. Mr Justice Moleswoktii sccondod the resolution. In doing so, ho made a few remarks on the objects of tlie society as contemplating tho conversion of the aborigines of this country and the Chinese who have been attracted hither. Though as yot there was but little fruit among tho latter, yet thoir cir cumstances and position here afforded peculiar faci lities for favorably impressing them towards Christian institutions. Tho first resolution was carried by tho meeting. Tho Rev G. P. Despaiid, late missionary in Pata .gonia, moved the sccond resolution, expressive of sympathy with missionary efforts in general, and particularly with the agents of tlie Church Missionary Society. He described tho scone of his own labors, which is a tract of country about 800 miles by 300 miles, containing somo 5000 inhabitants. He pro ceeded to give an interesting account of his own proceedings in establishing tho mission in Patagonia. He also described tlie appearance, habits and super stitions of tho natives, who live by hunting tho wild llamas and other animals ou the plains. He noxt gave the history of the mission to Terra del Fuego, and detailed at great length the incidents of his residence among the natives there. Tho Vory Rov. the Dean seconded the resolution. At this stuge of the meeting the collection was made, and aftor the collection the Rov. A. Pyne, missionary, from Canada, and tho Rov. Mr Wilkin son, from North India, addressed the meeting, which terminated at an advanced hour of the even ing. Tho members of the committee for the ensuing year, appointed by the first resolution, are tho fol lowing : — Messrs T. T. A'Beckett, A. G. Dumas, H. C. Evans, E. Exon, H. Jennings, E. King, W. Locke, J. Smith, — Moore, W. S. Shaw, J. C. Walter, with the clergy of Melbourne connected with tho society ; Mr J. Spowers, treasurer j and ?the Rov. R. B. Dickenson, secretary. Pastoh.il Kindness. — Subsequent to tlie regular .business of tho Municipal Police Court yesterday, a ?man in a state of ill-health and destitution, applied to tho magistrates on the bench for admission tathe Benevolent Asylum. He stated that he had just come down from Mr O'Shanassy's station on the Murray River ; he had been working thoro, and his health failing, had beon sent down to Sandhurst to obtain admission to the Benovolent Asylum, One ?of the magistrates remarked that tho relief granted to him was, in fact, assisting his employer, and that it was much to the discredit of tho squatters that, though ready on all occasions to avail themselves of local benevolent asylums, thoy contributed nothing to their support. — Bendiyo Advertiser, November -1. TnE Ghost ! The Ghost ! — Whether tho late ac cident which occured to Mr Merlin's ghostproduc ing apparatus has caused tho spirits to disperse and perform on their own account we ore not prepared to state, but one of a most formidable appearance has visited a farm held under an occupation license on Dr. Baynton's run, to tho horror of the party re siding there, who, we are told, endoavored to obtain clerical assistiicce, aud, this being refused liiui, he tried carnal weapons, but without success, as he was so scared on hearing tho ghost speak that he threw them down and took to his heels, never once daring to look back until he had placed a considerable dis tance between him and the would-be conversant spirit. As far as wo can learn, the ghost makes its ?appearance only on Friday night, in the form of one of tho fair sex, and invites the horrified inmates to follow it no one knows where. A large party have valiantly resolved to proceed to the haunted house and capture tho ghost or perish in the attempt. We ?would advise tho ' ghost ' to cease its practical jokes, as the recoipt of a charge of shot sufficient to peel the wool off an oppossum would be a bad ter mination to a 'lark.'— Kyneton Guardian, Nov. 3. 