PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. BALLAD OP KINO ALFRED AND THE GRECIAN CAKES. Heaven prosper our right noble Queen, , Her sous and daughters all : A fairer household never met In Windsor's ancient Hall. The Grecians of the modern type L. Did kick King Otho out Because they saw the time was ripe For making of a rout To Queen Victoria then they came— ' 0 Queen of much renown, We hope you will not think u shame Your son should wear our crown.' 'I do not think it shame,' quoth she. 'But for he lacks not pelf ft or name nor place of high decree, \ou'd better ask himself.' The sailor-prince they did invite To take the tempting prize; He did not hitch his trousers white, Jf or bless his princely eyes. Nor of lee scuppers audit he said, Like Mr. T. P. Cooke, But bending courteously his. head. Keplied like any book :— ' I thank you for your proffered wage, And for your words polite. But 1 have lately read a page By my good friend Charles Knight. ' There was an English Alfred once Who seldom made mistakes. Yet got the character of dunce For spoiling certain cakes. ' I know not if the tale lie true, But it is seen in print: And Alfred who addresses you Intends to take the hint 'Some cakes are made of Turkish flour, With currants from the Isles; ,To cook such things exceeds iny jKjwer. My Hellenistic files.' He smiled upon the crafty Greeks, Who left, remarking free, 'Though there's scant down upon his cheeks, A downy Prince is he.' Heaven prosper our right noble Queen, Her sons and daughters all. The chance of selling them, I ween, Is most uncommon small. A XHIB STATE OK TIUXOS. On TI1K STBF.ET3 IN 1SU2. Oh. I'm an Anti-tJarotter ko hulil If I shiver and shake, 'tis but with cold, 1 don't know such a feeling as iirnr, But 1 warn Garotters not to come near! I carry sword-blades in all my sticks ; I wear round my neck a steel collar with pricks; Revolvers in both coat-pockets 1 bear. And a bowie-knife that will split a hair. I won't trust to laws or police, not I, For their protect Km is all my eye; In my own hands 1 take the'law. And use my own fists to guard my jnir. Is that a footstep behind my back? It must be one of the strangling pack ; Is that a lurking villain I view. Crouched in the doorway (if number twof Here's somebody coming! He'd best beware. I'll give him a warm reception I »wear. Where's my revolver! Uood gracious! I see He's brinnitiK his pistol to Iteur on me .' Hold hard, put up your weapon. Sir, do— 1 am an Anti-Garottcr too! We curry lioth sword-sticks and bowie-knives, And we both of us go in fear of our lives! A nice state of Ihincs. Sir, this I call ; Turning out like a walking arsenal. n ith pistol ami dagger and collar of steel— It has a most un-English feel; To Sir Joshua Jebb I wish no wronj:, But I must say he comes it rather strong, \\\ hen he tries to prove that the rogues and thieves. Ain t a bit the worse for their ticKct-of-leaves. He may talk until he's black in the face, The Garotters are there to upset his cose. And British householders forced to go Armed, like Hamlets ghost, from top to toe! While such is the state of the British law, Let the British Lion hold his jaw. On the safety to pnmertv life and limit Enjoyed by those who live under him! Here's Paterfamilias, jmor old Ik-}\ In self-defence must weapons employ, More like, by the way in which he potters. To damage himself than tliu Garotters. An Englishman's house used his 'castle to be; Now that castle in slate of siege we sec. There are burglars in the backyard at work, And on the front-door step Guriitters lurk. And Paterfamilias walks the .streets In dread of every soul that he meets; In dread of each font-fall he may hear, Lest it herald a rush in on his rear— A pair of hands flung round his throat, Adig in his wind and a tug al his coat, With, ten to one, a fractured jaw From a knuckle-duster or Indian claw. We're highly civilized people I know. And the nineteenth century's trumpet we blow; But while the Uarottcr performs his feats, Let us silence our bnu; till we've purged our streets. CAROTTIXC AND THK CALLOWS-CURE. If Mr. Punch disappiovc-t of the gallows, it is not ltccausu hu docs not kcc how strong are the arguments on behalf of that old English institution. The strongest of these is the manifest truth that the cheapest thing you can do with a worthless rascal is to hung him. By hanging him you rid society of a nuisance altogether. Not only will he never commit another crime, but he will never cost another sixpence. Then there is no doubt that capital punishment will suppress crime, as persecution will put down heresy, on the same terms. You must hang oh vou would burn if you were a Spanish Inquisitor, It is neither enough to ro.ist a Latimur and 4 Ridley or so alive, nor to hang two or tlireo Grcenacres, Rushes, or Palmer*. Wctjk after week, year after year, reign after reign, you must go on.comtignini!. every heretic to the stake, and likewise persevere in feniliiiH every criminal to the gibbet:— 'A little scragging in a useless thing: Hang oft or use not the cannabian string. Hang without mercy, hang like fun, and you will check Garntters as ell'ectitally as Sepoys. The practice of hanging as at present punmed betrays a grievous contempt of logical dependence. 1 ou hang a rutlian for a murderous assault not unless it happens to cause death ; and then yon hang him not for a crime, but nn accident! What is the justice that hangs on such a principle &h; this, much more discerning than thu justice of rogues and thieves? Supjwse you can prevent one rulriun from knocking my teeth out by hanging another who lias broken the jaw of somebody else, ought you not to hang that rullian ? Certainly you ought, unless you can as effectually preserve my grindere and incisors by some other means. Are there any other; That is just the question 01 which the necessity or ncedlessncss of hamrintr d'.pcnus. umiijuess mere arc ottier meaiiHinoru terrible than hanging. Vou uiiuht break Garotters on the wheel. Vou may, wit limit killing them, punish them more severely than you could by hanging them. Truly penal servitude would lie u punishment worse than dcit'.h. Whero is the murderer who was hanged the other day? No where, thinks the unbelieving tick et-of -leave man. The religious malefactor thinks that perhaps he may l»e m Heaven. They both know that a pri soner in penal servitude is nut in a very happy stito, however. Only to \hi thoroughly effectual, penal servitude must l-e exemplar}'. The hard ships inflicted on the convict should be very great, and his existence ought to be made oxtromely miserable; moreover, his misery should bo noto rious. This latter object might lie efiected by means of suitable lectures illustrated by dissolving views of scenes of prison-life rendered as unplea sant as need lie, and prison discipline sufficiently stem. Many philanthropists friends of the morally lower orders, would no doubt take a lxmcvolent pleasure in delivering courses of sucli lectures in the slums. At any rate, for the prevention of garotte mblicries and all other crimes, one step might bo taken somewhat analogous to the treatment proverbially recommended for that other com plaint, the influenza, which is juat now likewise so prevalent. 'Stuff a cold,' wivh the popular adage, 'and starve a cough.' At present the moral reverse: of this rule is oliscrvod in penal economy. You stuff a convict and starve a pauper. Wouldn't it probably answer lietter to allow pauitcrs sufficient food and put criminals on low diet/ Thus you may be enabled to get on without the gallows. THK LIQUIDATION* THAT IS WANTED. Mons. de Lasseps h said to have expressed hla great delight at seeincthe waters of the Mediter ranean flow into one of the tributary canals that are to cut through the Isthmus of Suez. We have no doubt that the great engineer overflowed with joy on the happy occasion, but we fancy what would give him greater pleasure than anything else would lie to see the subscriptions flow in. But the question is, where is the bank that they arc to come from? INFALLIBILITY OF THE FEMALE BEX. The ladies have a belief that Parisian corsets wear much longer than any other ones ; and the dear creatures are right as they always are, for wo beg leave to point to the occupation of Rome by Louis Napoleon's army as an incontestable proof of how exceedingly lasting French tstays are. GAROTTER IICNTKRH WANTED. (A confidential letter to Frank Fallowfield, Esq.. of Cyder Court, Devonshire.) 'Dear Frank— You racolloct what fun we hod with old Squire Dingle's ottor hounds that day by Brawlcy liottom, and how, you blackguard, you kept chaffing me al-out my cockney way of living, and wondered how a fellow ever could lie fool enough to waste his life in London, where there was no chance of his enjoying any sport Well now, if you'll just come and spend a 'week with mo this Christmas, I think I can convince you to the contrary of that. I can't give you any otter hunting, but if you wont a new sensation, what d'ye say, my hoy. -to a night's garotter hunting? We have got together a splendid pack this season, and the game is mill so plentiful that I'll bet we'll show you some really first-rate sport. '.To tempt you up, old chap, I'll just describe the \iay in which we go to work. The meet takes place at some inan's rooms at 8 o'clock p.m. (on foggy evenings generally we meet at (i o'clock), and when we've got our pack together, we throw off in the direction where we think it likeliest that we shall see some sport. To start the game, one of the hunters, who is tinned with a spiked collar, ami lias a spine rif. little daggers bristling down his back, proceeds at a slow pace along some quiet square or street assuming as he does so a rather tipsy gait His corkscrew}- gyrations are Bure to start the gamtter if there be one in sight and when the v«rmin has once broken pround and fastened on his prey, the pack, who are provided with stout hunting whip3 and cudi-els. rush in and give the brute a thundering good thrashing, and then pass him over to tho haniU of the police. xi (snivitcr-iiui imia ciuiia were established about town, I think they would soon exterminate the animal; for, judging by the way he shrieks and squeals, there is nothing ho hates more than being soundly thrashed. This you know lie never ih when hunted down by the police, who have orders, I lwlieve, to treat him with all tenderness, and not to hurt a hair of the precious creature'H head. When ran to earth in gaol he is well fed and never thrasheil, and so of course the breed i» largely on the increase, and there is little fear at present of there lieing no garotters found to hunt. If we wish to clear our streets of the vermin that infest them, we must get good beaten and set them well to work. So, as you have a good biceps, I hope you'll come up aud havo a jolly run with ourgarotter-hunting pack; and mean while, believe me, my dear boy, ' Yours in all sincerity, 'Epaminondas Jones. 'Hudgeon-buildings, Tuesday.' 