ST. BARNABAS' CHURCH. Tin: foundation-stono Of tho addition to St. Barnabas' Church, Farrsmatta- ttreet, was laid on w edneeday afternoon, by ihe Hon. J. Camijliell, M.L.C. A large number of the istiehioners and others interested in the) object were asBem Lled to wilnets tbe ceremeny. The addition now com meDced will consist of an extension of the churob south ward for a longth of thirty feet, making the onurch ninety feet in lenplh. Id the Dew elevation there will be a large central window with five lights; at onosideof the eleva tion there will be two buttresses finished with pinnacles, and on the other side a bell gablo. The additional space will accommodate two hundred and fifty people. A por- * tion of tbe ground between Ihe church and Farramatta slreet has been secured, to as to give an entrance from that ttrtet instead of from Athlone-place, as at present. A new porch Ib sJeo to be added on tbe east side of the ohurch. The additions will cost about £1000, and are to be com pleted io three months. The contract has been taken by Messrs. Fhillips and Sons, the architect being Mr. W. Kemp. « Soon after three o'oleck the Eev. Thomas Smith (the incumbent of St. Barnabas), the Dean of Sydney, the Bev. Canon Welsh, Mr. Campbell, and other gentlemen pro ceeded to lbs ground. Tne proceeding! were oommenoed wilh prayer* and tbe reading of Scripture; after which Tbe Rev. T. Smith read tho following address :— TO THE HON. J. CAMPBELL, ESQ., M.L.C. iNlhcnamcof thccongregatioB or 8L Barnabas, I have lo re quest you to lay tbe foundation etono of this the addition to our cburco, und at tbe ebdic time to present you with a memento of ourrtjrBrd,ln the sbvpeof 1Mb trovel and mallet. Wetrustyou nill not measure our esteem by tbo insignificance of the monetary value of the tilt, but look upon it as it really is— the expression of the love of the con grefralion of 8L Barnabas, for ono who has proved bimsclf e friend in the tune of need. Early in our history as a church you made us feel that you were desirous of aiding in ourvoik; when our church was enlarged t-y the addition of a gallery you were appealed to, and not in vain ; when the school rooms vt re tmlll two years since you took Ihe chair, and let me Fay, your taking tbo chair was not tbc empty formal duty per formed, and tben all over — with you it meant helping with your money ; wbon debt pressed upon ub and threatened to obstruct our vrorlt you were there in the shape of a itirce hundred pound lift. When, therefore, the time had corae for the enlargement of the ohurch, the question was asked wbo (ball lay the foundation stone, why the universal response was— tie' who has laid so many bricks and stoneB in tho eld build ing. We feel that not only to us, hut to tbe Church of England throughout the colony, has your puree been open ; and if ever the history of our Church in this colony is written— tbe history of the CnmpbcUB must be written too— your same is associated with the Cliurch in all her work, In that noble pile which dignifies Church hill, Is the sounding of thosobcUs. These are mcmoniMB of your liberality; and when, through death, you will be absent in body from that earthly temple, you will be present in the remembrance of your deeds of benevolcnco ; and be auured, honoured Sir, your name will not be forgotten bere, Tho children of our paro chial schools know you as one of their best Mends ; and this the addition to ocr church his by tie people been dignified by the ' becoming tolriqutt of ' Campell'i end.' rerronslly, I have much to thank you for— when beset with difficulties— when huruscd by the want of money— 1 bare invariably, though often : unwillingly, turned towards tho wharf which bears your nine, ' and, although I have often gone with a depressed spirit and an empty exchequer, I can uy tbat I have returned invariably with a replenished1 cicheqntr, and a heart rermbed with your klnd tttu May yon, 8ir, lire long to Ukc|t part in the eaUbUthisg of the Chnrcb of lEngland Is this land, and n»7 the declining 1 steps of jour well-spent life be sweetened by tie consolation of 1 tbc love of Christ, eotbat, when the time of yonrdepixtanahsJl 1 tnive, yoo may be found to have built upon the Bure foundation, I and be yourself a living stone built upon the Apostles ud Pro- I plctf , JesOB Christ himself being the Chief Comer Stone. 1 The trowel, which was obtained from Mr. Flavello's, in I George- street, was of silver, with ivory handle, mil bora 1 the following inscription :— ' Presented to the Hen. John 1 Campbell, Ken., M.L.C., by the parishioners, on the j ocoaeion of his laving the foundation atone of ihe additions 1 to St. Sarnabae Church, Sydney, Deoemfcer 2nd, 1863.' j The mallet wbb of myall wood, with Ivory mountings. Tbe I bottle deposited in tbe cavity contained oopiesof eaoh of the j Bjdney daily r/tptrs, also several coins, including one -or j the reign ol Elizabeth. ' The customary ceremony having been performed, Mr. I CAMrHKi.i. eaid, -- I deckro thiB stone proeierly laid, in tbe name of the Father, and of the Son, und of Ihe Holy j Ghost.' Mr. Campbell tben responded to the address. Be nil 1 befeltqnltea novice in tbat kind of work, having never j before bad the bonc-nr of laying a foundation atone. How ever, in responding to the Invitation of his friend Mr. \ Smith, be felt that be was only doing his duty. Tbe foundation of the church iteelf baa already been iaii by the Bitbop of Sydney, end all that be bad done was to lay the foucdatlbU of the addition -o tie building. Hetraeted \ that thiB addition wonld enable many perrons to partake of ] the rileF of Ihe Church of England in this parish who j otherwise could sot bave obtained them ; for he \ mutt cay that be had never oome to 6t. Uamalae Church without finding gieat difficulty in getting into it. It was a noble wotk, to assist in ad VHLcing the cause of religion. So groat tin improvement bad been effected in (his part of Evdnny, iu ooneeqnence of the erection tf fcl. Barnabas church, tbat many would eonrcih bexble to recognise ibe place. Be felt more than bo could etpreEs, at tbe kindness of the parishioners, as manifested in Ihe address that Mr. Smith bad just read : but he did sot think he wo» entitled lo tbe praiBe bestowed on hits, bavlDg only done the best be could as en individual. Be alto valued very much the bandBome present they had given him, but lie bad no one to hand it down to, being the last of Iiib race. (Laughter.) He would, however, always: oBieern it as a memento of the good feeling evinced to vards him by (he pariebionere of St Barnabas, and he thought be thould hereafter give it to their respected in cumbent. Be found In the Scriptures that St. Barnabas wae a man of religion and of works ; and be thought he night Bay that their incumbent was anoiher St. Barnabas. Be said this hornet]) , and not on account of what Mr. Smith bad had the kindness to say about him. These were tbe kind of priests tbat we required— men who did their duly find who practised self-denial. For it was of no 1 use to pretend to advice people to take tbe right path, i unleee they at the tame time did all in their power to ; encourage them to take it. There was no denying ! Berthing (hat such clergymen as Mr. Smith asked ; they would not take a denial. (Laughter.) The ohurch tiat was tc be erected bere would not be a handsome or noble tuildirjg, but it would answer all the purposes re quired, and he trusted that it wonld be well filled. He was Ibe more gratified with tbe present they had given him from tbe fact of its having been contributed to by the children of the neighbourhood. Be trusted that thoae children would, when they grew up, be sound members of i he Church of England, and that they would value the Lilnrgy. No one could fail to acknowledge tbe great change that Christianity had wrought in the world: and he trusted that such eflbits ae we were now assembled to engage in wonld be extesdea and multiplied, until tbe day came when ihe earth would be filled with the knowledge of the Lord. (Cheers.) , A hj mn was then eung ; after which Tbe Dean of Sydney, at tbe request of the rev. inoom kent, addressed the assemblage. Be had muob pleasure in tbjirg a few words, feeling a deep iBterest in the objeot lhat had called them together. He oonfessed that when a thort lime ego Mr. Smith came to him, and spoke about the proposed enlargement of his Church, he had very greatmis givings about tbe prudence and the propriety of the proceed ing, Lecuneehe did notsee exaotly where the means were to come from, being aware that there was already a heavy debt upon the church, However, Mr. Smith had toll him tbat great efforts were being made to get ont of debt, end further, tbat eome contributions had been given specially for the enlargement of the build ing, quite Independently of ihe efforts te pay uO the debt. From what be had himself seen on occasions wten be bad the privilege of ministering in this ohnroh, there could be no question ae to tbo necessity for an exten sion cf tbe building. The congregations were eo unusually large and crowded, (hat he really did not Bee bow it was poteiLIe for them to meet together in the warm summer weather with any degree of comfort. Tbe enlargement of the church would aleo afford admittance to many who were de*irouB of worshiping there, bnt wbo oould not at present be accommodated with e-eauj. Wbon he looked baok to tbe time, some five or six years since, when this neighbourhood wbb without a church, he felt exceedingly thankful to Almighly God for what He had permitted and enabled Bis servants to accomplish. We had great reason to be thankful for the large congregations that bad aEsembled in St. Jiarnabaii church, and lor tbe gather ing together there of many who formerly attended no place cf worship— for the well attended Sunday and day schools —for the large number of communicants tbat were con nected wilb tbe congregation, and for all those hopeful eigne of epiritual life .which were to be found in St Bwna bss' church. Looking forward to tbe future, he believed that He wbo by Bis Holy Spirit had kindled cood desires in their breasts wonld further extend to them the same bles cinge. and would bestow upon them, in proportion ae they devoutly and earoeetly Bought them, larger measures of His trace end favour ; to that their spiritual life might be recreated, and tho spiritual prosperity of the con gregation be enhanced continually. He would only express Ibe hope tbat Ihe work now com menced wonld go forward without delay, and be speedily Ironght to a conclusion, for ihc increaso of tbe congrega tion and Ibe greater comfort of those now worshiping in the chnrcb ; and be trusted that Mr. Smith would be long spared to minister to the congregation, and (o find them a warm- hearted and fvmpetbieing people, wbo were en deavouring to advance tbe glory of Ood, and to promote the salvation of each other and of all men. (Cheers.) Ibe Bev. Canon Waish desired to express bis very liearty Ejmrjathy wilh the good work that bad just been commenced. Be could bear witness from personal know ledge to (bo former 6tate of thie district before St. Barnabas Church was built, and to tbe wonderful change tbat had tnktn place In consequence of tbe BUcoesBfal labours of bis rev. friend— the change from a state of comparative chaos lo being, as it now was, full of epiritual life and Christian energy. This was a result to thank Ood lir ; i nd it woa always a great oomfort to be engaged in lnhours of this kind, for every fabrio that was built for God's service, and for the worship of his people, and for ihe ministering of His word and r-ucrarninte, was a moet bleFEed instrument for tbe « inning of touls to the failh and fear of God. It was not given (o ub (o witness all (he fruite of these labours, and it vai onr encouragement to know tbat more good was done then what came under our observation. But it had been the bleseed lot of hie rev. friend to see much of tbe recompense cf bis self-denjing labours. Be rejoiced mOEt heartily for all tbet bar] been dose in connection with this church, and nlso for all that they hoped jet to do ; an4 he thanked God for the many touls that Lad been blessed through his rev. friend's instrumentality. He iruBted tbat those present might te spared to cee tbe ndditions to this building oom lilclcd, and aleo to eeo it still further enlarged ; for it bad always bees found that Ihe demand for religious ordinances increased with their supply. (Cheers.) Tbe Bev. T. Smith followed, with a brief address. Alter upretsicg his acknowledgments to Ike Dean of Sydney, to the Bev. Canon Walsh, and to Mr. Campbell for the warm and sympathising interest they badmani frsled in biB labours in connection wilh tit. Barnabas' Chnrcb, he proceeded lo refer to theexertionB (hat had been made by Ibe congregation (o remove the debt on tbe ohuroh. At (be commencement of last year they owed £3000, but hs was happy lo say tbat of that amount £1600 bad already been paid off. Towards (be enlargement of the ohuroh £450 bad been paid, and £350 was promised ; and, as a total of about £1150 wonld be required, there was yet £350 to be made up. lie had been charged with being rather fond of begging, bat be loved to give people the opportunity of doing good. The reverend gentleman ooncloded with an earnest appeal to tbe Christian liberality of those present on beball of tbe fund for meeting the expense of Ihe addi tion to the church. A collection was thereupon made, the amount of which was about £100. Tbe proceedings closed with the benediction. 