GREAT CONFLAGRATION IN AUCKLAND. The Now Zealander of tho 19th reporte nn alarming and most dealt activo fire in Queen- str- it, Auckland. It says : — Oil Saturday morning, at about a quarter past two, tlio alarm was given by poltco con- Btablo Hnstie, that Ihimcs were bursting through the shutters of tho largo woodon building nt tlio corner of Queen and East Durham Btrccts, well known us the store of tlio firm of Morrin and Co. About this time a window in tlio upper story wns 'brown open, nud tho only two inmates of tlio houso, n brother of Mr. linker nnd nuolher, clambered out upon tho voranduh nnd en reached the street in eafety. Tho alarm soon spread through tho town ; tho rnttio of tho engines was heard upon tho streets j and tho firo bells peulod forth their fearful alarms. By the time that tlio engines arrived upon tho ground, a largo concourso of peoplo had Bothered about the scene of tho conflagration. Tho engine of tlio A'ohinteer Firo Brigudo was brought alongside tlio puhhc well in front of tlio Brunswick buildings, nnd begun to piny upon tho flumes. Tlio other engines, however, wero after a short time useless, tho water from other sources failing. It was then that tho alarming fnct became nppnrent to nil, that tho fate of a largo and valuable portion of tho city wns at tho mercy of tho flnmes, und that tlio safety of intra than ono largo block of build ings depended less upon the cfforle made to save tliein, than on tho continuance of tho cnlmncss of the night — a mere light wind from tho north-east blowing nt tlio lime. To lee- word of Morrin's stnro was tho new brick building of Messrs. Newman and Ewrn, and to windward, Durimm street, which ib merely n narrow lane. At this timo; thcro is little doubt but tlint with two efficiently manned engines, stationed in Queen street, end' another nt tho renr of Morrill's store, and with .. ui 1'iiivi/ me uro iiugiii/' havo beon confined to tbo premises iu which it broke out. As it was, it'soon hecamo apparent- that- nothing could aavo tho Thistle Tavern to wind ward of tho firo, which, crossing tho narrow gap, quickly spread over its roof and side, and, despito tho exertions of tho Yoluoteor Fire' Brigade, within twenty minutes tho Thistle Hotel, kept by Mr. Patrick Darby, wns in flames. The fire lmd now readied a pilch wholly beyond control, nnd the efforts of the populaco wero from this moment, directed more towards tho saving 0f tho stock in-trade ond furniture of tho shops ond houses whoso doom wns evidently sealed, rather than lo the ex tinguishment of tho firo. From Mr. M'Guffie's saddlor, and from Mr. Prime's grocery store a largo amount of goods wero removed, and placed iu comparative safety. Meanwhile the fire, working to windward, seized upon tho shops of Mr. Burr and Mr. Hampshire, and wore only arrested in this direction by tho splendid brick building known as the Brunswick Hall. At this time, tho fire having been raging for an hour and a half, and tho bent from tho burning .of .Messrs. Morrin's and Darby's promises, tho former containing largo quantities nf turpentine, oils, and spirits, and many other infia'mmuble sub stances, was so intenso'ns to place tho buildings on tho opposite sido of Queon street in a position of great peril. Water iri sinall quan tities wa3 procured from' .tlio wells of Messrs. Levy, Vaile, and others, and by playing on tlio fronts and roofs of. tho .houses facing tho tire, prevented it from crossing tho street ; and though tho paint on the face of them is literally Metered : off, and in more than ono osso the shutters of the windows were warped into n curve, no further casualty occurred than tho ignition here, and thcro of the dry shingles on tho roofs by tlio live sparks and pieces of firo carried hy tho wind. As these broko out in flamos, they wero immediately quenched by buckets of water ; and the lira was thus kept on tho eastorn sido of, Queen street. < Tho wator had by this timo entirely foiled. The uppor portion of tho eastern sido of the town was nt tlio mercy of tho flames. Quickly and slirely the firo was extending round tho back of the new brick building of Messrs. Newman and Ewen, and tho occupier's of tho liousrs between the fire and tho Greyhound Inn became nwaro that' nothing rnuhl save their property from destruction. I" was nt this limo.ihat Lieutenant General Cameron 'accompanied by an aide do camp, arrived oil 'tlio spot, expressing in open terms bin surprise , tliat the military lmd not put in an appearance, nnd at once despatched the officer in atton- dniico to summon them to the assistance of til" citizens. For what reasons they worn kept .back so long wo do not hnoa- ; but when they did arrive, thoy rendered every assistance with a hearty good will, and although unfortunuinty tho fire raged unrestrainedly until ntrestod by t.hn nnon .nrmpu nP "Vmtvtpin qf piiot.. frhftw nnti. tribnted mainly to tlio prroorvation of order, whioh, from thii exposure of a large quantity of valuable propor'y of every description piled promiscuously in tho open space ot the corner ot Vic or in street, it would hsvo been otherwiso difficult to lmvo kept. A detachment of the Armstrong battery, under the zcalouB superintendence of Captain Merrer, r.a., rendered valuable aid. Nor let us forget to pay a gmtoftiT tributo to the noble and gullant crew of H.I.M- ship Bonite, who established a character for daring ond energy on this occasion equal to that with which we nre used to nssneiato the names of our own "Jack tars." Tho insurance companies uru about, we believe, to acknowledge the assistance and tho motives of good feeling which dictated it, in a more substantial manner, but iu tho name of our fellow citizens, we heartily lender our thanks to these bravo- sons of la belle France. The greater portion of Mr. Cotter's- stock in trade wus carried to a place of security, audi as the (lames crecning round tlio buck of Messrs. Newman- and Ewen'a brick store eprcrul over tlio entire width of tho blook, destroying ttie Young Men's Christum Association;, und- tho rookeries- at tho hack, Mr. Rogors,. of tho Greyhound Hotel, at longtltiyielded to- tlto- con viction that his promisee- must go- with tho rest, audi alictvrd no mnchi of liis furnitiuo us it was I lion possible to removo ts>- bo carried over to- tiie front of the Supremo Gbnrt-house. Hero-' arose- u fearfr.ll scene — thii 2ir aro breakihg-into Sho bnr of Hio-Greyhound, hurst open tho spirit barrels,, and but ibr the- inter- fernnje of' drill-niastcn,-. Mr Ifiboninrof tho Militia,, who with n few-men cleared the room and placed n guard ovcn-tlie spirit?,, a scene of I frightful confusion, attended most yrob.iMy with, lbssofi'life, must ".la-vejoceuurod. Scarcely twe-.iiy minutes couhh have elapsed from tho timo-of tho are spreading hnckwurds towards tho Independent Chapel, High- aisvst, which hacha narrow escape, nud returning again to. Qr.ccn-9irwl> on tho south sido of tlie- now htick building, before Mr Hardington'sslnhles, from which nil the horse. e.nnd commyunew hod been- paiviously removed, wore iivfihmes, and in fixo minutes more tho 'ih-eyhounu wss in the swno condition Hundaed'o upon hundreds of pro- ;Ao had by this time gathered to tho scone of iio fire. Quoon-wreot was crowded with hu man beings, tho xppor Bide of Yictoria-stteet. waseievded reilh spectators, many of thorn I fotnalesy while tbo awful refieotion of the light i had but-night, i \ jm m hers nf tlio suburban resi dents, in lerr-.r fnr tho fate of their townnlaces of business. TIL", wliilo the Greyhound and the old theatre were in flnmes, was tlio eventful poriod of thii 'conflagration, and the fatB of tho next blcek, a lengthy nnd crowded one, extending as far ns lYellesley street, hung in tho balance. Tho Greyhounn, built upwards of twenty years ugo, burnt iiko a match, nnd fortunately but for a short time ; during this ten or twenty minutes, however, tho roofs of tho store of Mr. \V. Monro, and of Mr. Porter's cstiog house, wero more than once in n Haze in povernl places, although covered witli blonkcts. Ono of tlio engines endeavoured to play on tlio sido of Mr. Moara' store, but its managers wore uuablo for n long timo to obtain a sufficiency of water to forco a jet upon.tho already smoking sides oi tlto building. ' At laBt water wos 6b- l tuined in small quantities, and one of the man- | of-wav's seamen linving at tho risk ofhisjifo I ascended to tho roots, tlio fire was put out ' ogniu and agaiu as soon as over it took hold of tho dry and smoking shingles. Fortunately 1 tlio blnzo from Rogora' hotel, though ex ceedingly fierce, was soon exhausted, for had it continued ten minutes longer it would have been impossible to have prevented tho firo from extending to tho next block. It is indeed mainly to tho gallantry of tho seaman above referred to, and tliat. of liis companions, tliat tho present safety of all thoso buildings may bo attributed. Day had now begun to dawn as tho five confined to tlie block in which it originated, began slowly to dio out, with tho exorption of tlio Ihimcs raging in tho old theatre, and in Mr. Derrom's house adjoining, tlio fitful glare of which lit up, witli a terriblo picture of desola tion, tlio bar.-ec-k hill beyond crowded with women and children, besido whom wero piled lip tlio household furniture and goods which hud been Hastily snatched from tho conflagra tion. l'resently the beams and rafters ef these last gave way, and the morning opened on a smouldering masB of burning timber and merchandise — rendered even more dosolatc by tlie tall Btucks of blackened chimneys hero and thore , On inquiry nt tho insurance offices, we find that the total amount insured for stock, furniture, nnd buildings, amounts to T-13,115 ; of this Mpssrs. Morrin and Co., in whoso store the firo commenced, claimed 1-5,200 for stock nlonc, ond tho building is insured for 1.800. All their goods nre destroyed, but their books aro enved. Somo thirty houses have been burned,, and of thoso noc more than onc-tliird are insured, wliilo nearly one-half of tlie whole sum insured is on bohalf of I Ho ono firm. Tho rest must necessarily therefore be sevoral eufl'er- ers; nnd, indeed, itwouldnot bo beyond tho mark to estimate tlio dnmngo ot LGO.OOO. Accidents. — A man named Mara mot witli a serious accident, at Mr. Ohomley's station, Mount .Hope, on Friday last. It appears from his account that lie wpb employed unloading a clruy, m which ho had u loaded gun, nnd very incautiously lifted it by Iho muzzle, when tbo hammer caught in u rope, causing it to explode, tho contents passing through his Itnnd. Dr. Clioinley very kindly provided him with a epring cart, and had him removed to the Ben- digo Hospital, whore lie arrived on Saturday morning nfter travelling all night. — A farmer named Joseph Boucher was ndmitted into the Hospital oti Saturduyla6t, suffering from serious injuries to his shoulder, caused by a fall from liis drav on Friday evening last, botweon Epsom and Bagshot. — Bendino Advertiser, 9tli Feb. Wild Melon3. — A plan of dropping the seeds or stones of fruit, on each excuriion in tho bush, would ho n very good ono to bo adopted nmong tho residents of up-country towns. As it proof of what good may ariso from it : a gentleman out with a pio-nio party last year opened a largo : wator melon, and enrefully collected the seeds; these lto strewed about in various places, somo fell "by tho wny- sido und were trodden under tlio foot of men," others .iu "stony placet," !. at tho majority came up und yielded a good stock of tlio re freshing und thirst-quenching fruit, ns was found by the " sowor " on n visit to tho sarao place two days ago. Wo advise all our reader t.o go and do likewise, and they too will find it after muny days. A Hawk Caftured dy a Snake.— A few days ago Mrs. Gri6t, of Winburndale, walking out, pciceived a moving substanoo not far from her, ond,' approaching to ascertain what it could be, discovered that it was a sparrow- ' hawk within the folds of a snake, which had twisted itself in sevoral coils round the body of tlio bird, tlio liuud of the reptile boing under l lie bird's wing. Mrs. G. throw a stono with a view of killing tho snake, hut failing-in- tlio attempt, sho seized a shovel and struck tho ombrucer a smart; whack, whioh obliged him to loose liis hold. The bird was thus enabled to niin tlirnnirh t.lift folds nf tho snakn and tnkn to the wing. The tnako wee killed. — Jiathurst Free Press. Scientific Jottings. — Dr. Houssard, in a paper addressed to tho Academic of Medicine, announces that tho infusion of berk adminis tered to hard drinkers, and coupled with abstinence from wine und alcoholic beverages generally, is u prompt and infallible spcciGc against delirium t remous, nnd restores strength nnd appetite when destroyed by hard drinking. A new method of extracting tho medicinal properties of vegetables, without haying rceuurso ti alcohol, lias just beon published by Dr. Murray. Water dissolves tho gummy parts of pluuts, and alcohol tlio resinous ones, which are insoluble in the former ; but alcoholic tinctures aro not elweys applicable, on account of the exciting qualities of ihe vehicle. Dr. Murray thcrc- loro employs a solution of camphor and ths- hi-enrbonateoi magnesia, tho former acquiring the nronertv of solubility in water by the notion of the alkali. Tho eolation thus ob tained will keep indefinitely, owing to tho pre servative properties of the carbonic ucid contained in tlio bi-carbonate, und may bo used as a general dissolvent of medic'ual substancis. Aloes, bark, gentian, rhubarb,. S'irspiirilla, valerian, ginger,. &c.;, coarsely pounded, may bo macoruled in this solution for it lew days, and being shaken every now and thin, will yield very good tinctures. We mentioned somo timo ago an important report read to tho Academy of Medicine by. Dr. Ibweil on tbo- dangero£Q> compounds sold: by perfnnii-rs. Tlie lullowing area few of tlio re-idis furnished hy analysis: — "Tho 'liquid for dyeing tho luiuy sold undon- the tlio iiuaui of "-Florida Water," and war ranted1 to contain "nothing but tlio jnioos 'of exotic and beneficial plants, " contains 2'7S(> pa cent, of nontrok acetate of lead, 2'052. of sulphur, and 9'F362 of rose water. Anothar compound for tiio same purpose,, called' " F-lui'lo Transinutatif," contains nm- moninrnl nitride of silver, nnd ammoniacal sulpluito of ctufper. The water sold with it for taking: ou3 tlio spots, left on the skin by tho nitrate is a Hclution of cyanide of potueaium,. mto of tho most deadly poisons known. Tlio- " Lait Antophelitiquc," for reddoning tho Bkin of freokles, contains i'075 per cent, of corrosivo sublimate, 'I'OIO of liydratiilo n:tide of lead, and 122:715 of water, with- a trace of sulphurio- acid. — &allrina;u:. OnsGuiuesY. — To mnlte any tlungr very, tnr- rible,.obsc'.»«ity seems i:u general to be necessary. "Wlien we- know the hill extent of any danger, when we eun accustom oar eyes t3, it; a great dbal of Sto apprehension vanishes. EVcry one will' liassnsiblc of this win considerashow greatly nigh t adds to our dseail' in all coses of ilaiger, and Ikmv much tiieitotjon of ghosts nnd goblins, of wliitlk none can forvn clear idwis, effect tabids which jt'ive credit to. tlie popular tides concerning | sucli sorts of beings. Those iospotic govern- ! incuts which arc founded on tlie passions of men, and principally oti the passion «f tear, keep their cliiels as much as may be from tlio public eye. Tlie policy lut been the sntae in innnv cases of rcltsioii. Almost all tlio hex! lien temples wero dark.' Even the barbarous temples of the Ameri cans at this day they keep their idol ia a dark part of ttie hut, which is consecrated to liis wor ship. l'or this purpose, iJso, tlio Druids per formed nil their ceremonres in tlie bosom of tlie darkest woods, nnd in the shades of the oldest nnd most spreading oaks- J>o person seems bet ter to have understood "die secret of heightening or of setting terrible tilings, if I may use the ex pression, in strongest light by tlie force of a judicious obscurity, than Milton. His descrip tion of dentil in the sccoud book is admirably studied ; it is astonishing with what o gloomy pomp, witli v.-lint a significant and expressive uncertainty of strokes and colouring, he has finished the portrait of tlie king of terrors : — "... The other shaps, If shape it might lie cnll'd, that shape hnd none Distinguishable in member, joint, or limb ; Or substance might bo cnll'd that shadow seetn'd, For each seemed either; black lie stood ns night, Fierce as ten furies; terrible lis hell, And shook n deadly dart : what seem'd liis head Tho.likeuncas of a kingly crown had on." .In this.ilescrii.tlon all is dark;, uncertain, gon- 1 fused, terrible and sublime to the last degree. — Burke on ihe S'uhlime'and Beautiful. 