The Royal Marriage. POSSESSING the great privilege of presenting to our readers before any of our contemporaries,—the aus- picious particulars of the Marriage of England's illustrious Prince and future King, we have devoted every inch of space at our disposal to do so as fully as possible. To attempt to describe the scene of rejoicing in England on the 10th of March would be to undertake a task no pen on the spot could accomplish. From the Home News of the 26th of that month we re-produce the ac- count of the Entrance of the Princess ALEXANDRA into England. And from the same journal we give the following description of THE MARRIAGE. Windsor was crowded on the 10th. Train after train discharged its living freight—and nothing could be seen but smiling crowds. At a quarter past 11 all admissions within the Castle gates were stopped, and the spectacle which then presented itself was gorgeous in the ex- treme. At half-past 11 the first carriage of the procession to the chapel approached the gates, when all at once there was a bustle of commotion, and every eye was directed towards it. The first part of the proces- sion consisted of the royal guests. They came in seven state carriages. The first three carriages contained equerries, ad- jutants, and gentlemen in attendance on the royal personages who occupied the remaining four: in the first of which were seated H. H. the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh ; his S. H. Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar ; and his S. H. the Prince of Leiningen ; the others being principally occupied by members of the family of the Princess Alexandra. The splendour of the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh's appearance in his turban and oriental robes crusted with jewels, and resplendent with gold, was a theme of universal admiration. His munificent gift to the Princess Alexandra of a bou- quet holder which cost L1000, was amply rewarded by the hearty cheers which greeted him as the carriage passed along the line. The sixth and 7th carriages, containing the sisters and brothers of the bride, were watched with great interest, and received with loud acclamations, which were very cordially and gracefully acknowledged. At a quarter before 12 o'clock appeared the second procession, consisting of the royal family and household, occupying 11 carriages. The first six contained the household, and the remaining five the members of the royal family, the last being occupied by her Royal Highness the Crown Princess of Prussia and her liitle son, Prince William of Prussia. Each carriage as it passed was heartily cheered. Prince Leopold and Prince Ar- thur were in Highland costume, and they appeared highly to enjoy their reception. But, perhaps, the most enthusiastic cheer- ing up to this point was for the Crown Princess of Prussia. She was looking ex- tremely well, and her pleasant, cheerful face was seen to great advantage as she partially rose from her seat in acknow- ledgment of the public acclamations. Next followed, at 12 o'clock precisely, the procession of the bridegroom. Public expectation was now nearly wrought to its height. There was but one sight more to transcend the interest of this part of the ceremonial. There were six carriages, five of which were occupied by members of the different royal households, and in the last sat his royal highness the bride- groom, and the reigning Duke of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha and the Crown Prince of Prussia, his supporters or groomsmen. The prince looked pale and anxious, and there was now and then a twitching of the lips as though his royal highness were striving to control any exhibition of nervous feeling or agitation. With white shoulder-knots, and collar of the Order of the Garter over his bright uniform, he had a gallant and noble look, and with grace and animation repeatedly acknow- ledged the hearty plaudits with which he was received. In another quarter of an hour came the procession of the bride, shorter but in- comparably more interesting than any of its predecessors. Trumpets and Life Guards seldom before appealed to such beating hearts as on this occasion. There were only four carriages. In the first, second, and third came chamberlains and ladies in attendance ; and in the fourth appeared, to the infinite delight of the thousands of spectators, the bride, sup- ported by the Duke of Cambridge and Prince Christian of Denmark. As their royal highnesses passed down the line the outbursts of affectionate devotion exceeded, if that were possible, the exhibition of the previous Saturday. She looked very pale ; but there was a remarkable expres- sion of sweetness in her eyes which showed that the pallor was occasioned by the novelty of her situation, and not by any sentiment of melancholy or distrust. The white veil falling lightly from her head, and the wedding wreath that sat gracefully upon her forehead, framed one of the most charming pictures the im- agination of a painter could conceive. The several possessions have now en- tered St. George's Chapel, and we must follow them. While the seats were filling, the gallery near the organ began to be alive with the singers and musicians engaged to take part in the service. Amongst the num- ber we recognised the familiar faces of John Parry, Mrs. German Reed, and Jenny Lind. During the interval of suspense that followed the closing of the doors, the nave is trodden singly or in groups by the dignitaries and guests, who are filing into their places. Conspicuous amongst them is a well known figure, once the erect, soldierly, strong type, of the strong man who fought in famous fields half a cen- tury ago, and who is still fighting bravely against the inroads of time. Covered with honours, as he is laden with years, for he is now ninety-four, who that sees Stapleton, Viscount Combermere, in that exact uniform, marching down the centre of the nave in the lustrous boots for which the dashing horseman of El Boden was distinguished, remembers that he served in Flanders before Napoleon founded a dynasty, and in India long before the great company had ceased to fear Tippoo, before the Mahrattas were broken, and before the power of the Sikhs was heard of ! There is a mysterious reception cham- ber, hidden by the rich folds of a vast drapery of purple silk, and within are waiting the invited guests of the Queen ready to form into a procession, when the proper moment comes. On a sudden— far remote indeed—are heard from the world beyond the walls the bars of "God Save the Queen," and as they are yet sounding nearer and nearer, the purple curtain is drawn back, and there enters into the nave the procession of the royal guests. We cannot undertake to enume- rate them. They have been already chronicled in the court lists, and are familiar to the readers of those records. Prominent amongst them, or rather, first, for he heads the procession, is his High- ness Dhuleep Singh. Again the flourish of trumpets and the roll of drums awaken the echoes of the chapel, and the procession of the bride- groom enters, and passes up the nave, every eye looking blessings, and every head paying homage as the young prince, whose military costume is almost con- cealed under his mantle of the garter, advances towards the scene where the dream of his young life is to be realised. Another brief interval, and the curtain opens again and the last procession emer- ges, in the midst of which, radiant alike with fear and hope, the bride advances, her train being held by eight unmarried daughters of dukes, marquises and earls. We must now pass out of the nave into the choir, whose exclusive precincts are reserved for royalty, and the high officers of state alone. It is a sanctuary worthy of such presence. The place is full of historical memories, which at once flash across the mind, but which we have not time to linger over now. Up the centre of the chapel is a rich carpet worked at the borders with the prince's plume and motto, and his own and his bride's mono- gram. Near the alter is a raised dais approached by three broad steps, and giving an ample platform for the accom- modation of the bridal party. It is covered with garter-blue velvet cloth, on which is worked the old heraldic Tudor rose, encircled by the motto of the garter. Around are crimson and gold seals with fringes and tassels of bullion. Screens have been removed on all sides, and ac- commodation benches provided for the invited guests. A special place, that nearest to the alter, is reserved for the Royal Acedemician, Mr. W. P. Frith, who in full court costume, sits here to take his drawings for the great picture of the Royal Marriage, which he is to paint by command, and for the copyright of which a higher sum has been paid than was ever before offered for any picture. The seat selected for Mr. Frith, is immediately behine the royal personages on the Haut Pas, from which point the design is to be taken. Above the alter, on the left jutting out from the wall, is the royal pew, covered with quaint ald carving, and still more curious heraldic emblazonment built in the days of Henry VII., when kings were expected to be present at the "low" or kneeling mass every morning. Part of the panelling is removed from the front, and its antique window sills are draped with massive folds of purple velvet, fringed richly and deeply with bullion lace. This is for her Majesty, and the floor of the pew has been heightened inside, so that the window sills reach no higher than about a foot from the floor that her Majesty might see and be seen as she was throughout the ceremony. The moving out of heralds and others in gorgeous official costumes, and the universal buzz of expectation, announce the rapid approach of the hour when the crowning act of the day is to be solemnised. People begin to arrive to take their places in the stalls. The first to enter is the Marchioness of Ailesbury, who takes her seat in a stall of a Knight of the Garter. As if they had been waiting for this example to be set, and for some one to break the stately solitude of the shrine many ladies follow the marchioness quickly—Lady Edward Seymour and Lady De Ros, and the Countesses A. and M. Danneschjold and Viscountess Tor- rington. Mr. Frith seats himself next to the Countess of Caithness ; and the Coun- tess of Derby, like the Marchioness of Ailesbury, dressed in blue, seats herself near where the banner of her noble hus- band droops over his vacant stall. They follow in rapid succession the Marchioness of Ely, Countess Cowley, Countess Spencer, Viscountess Cumbermere, Duch- ess of St. Albans, Marchioness of West- minster, Countess Gleichen, Viscountess Jocelyn, Duchess of Athole, Countess of Gainsborough, Countess of Macclesfield, Countess of Desart, Marchioness of Car- marthen, Countess Ducie, Lady Chamoy, Countess of Bessborough, Viscomte Bury, and the wife of the Deputy-Cham- berlain, Viscountess Castlerosse, whose superb toilette provokes admiration even in that assemblage of rank and wealth. All are in full court dress, with the ex- ception that they wear no trains, and also without exception, are dressed in velvet or satin either of blue, mauve, or viola colour, the latter being the prevailing tone. All, too, wear feathers and dia- monds in their hair, and some show tiaras of brilliants almost large enough to form head-dresses, so completely do the glitter- ing jewels cover the head like a regal crown. The last of the peeresses to arrive is Lady Palmerston. She has been de- tained at the railway station, and has been enabled to reach the chapel in time only with the greatest difficulty. Almost the first male visitor to put in an appearance is Sir George Grey, who comes accompanied by Lady Grey. They take their places on the left, and are quickly followed by Lord and Lady Stan- ley of Alderly, Sir Charles and Lady Mary Wood, Mr. Milner Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. Cardwell, the Master of Trinity, the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Gladstone, Lady Alfred Paget, the Earl and Countess of Hardwicke, Lord Harry the Earl and Countess of Suffolk, the Duke of St. Albans, the Duke of Athol, the Duke and Duchess of Argyll. Earl and Countess De la Warr, Lady Proc- Lord Churchill, Sir G. C. Lewis, Hon. Mrs W. Cowper, Lady A. Bruce, Miss Biddulph, Mrs. C. Grey, Mrs. Wellesley, the Duchess of Somerset, and the Countess of Shaftesbury. All the gentlemen are in full official uniform, and wear the chief insignia of whatever orders they have the honour to possess, collars and badges in the fullest state. The Lord and Lady Mayoress are amongst the late arrivals. Mr. and Mrs. Disraeli are also late. The leader of the Opposition is in his Windsor uniform, and Mrs. Disraeli is radiant with diamonds. Now come the Knights of the Garter, exciting a loud hum of admiration as they sweep up the choir like a procession of monarchs, with their long velvet mantles of imperial blue, looped at the shoulders with white riband, trailing after them, headed by the Premier himself. After all the knights are seated, the Lord Chancellor, in his state robes, and carrying the Great Seal, passes up the choir— alone, but a perfect pageant in himself—to his seat at the head of all. It is now a quarter to 12, and the Archbishop of Canterbury enters, followed by the Bishop of Lon- don, attending as Dean of the Chapels Royal ; the Bishop of Oxford, as Chan- cellor of the Order of the Garter ; the Bishop of Winchester, as its Prelate ; the Bishop of Chester, as Clerk of the Closet ; and the Dean of Windsor, as Registrar of the Order of the Garter, with the canons and minor canons of the chapel. The suffragan bishops stand aside as the dais is reached, and make way for the Primate, who passes at once to the north of the altar, and the dean robed in scarlet, with the canons, take their places to the south. For a minute the prelates kneel in prayer, then rise and stand in line inside the rails. This is followed by a slight rustle of silks and clinking of jewelled orders as nearly the whole corps diplomatique come in and take their places underneath the royal pew—show- ing literally like a cluster of gold and jewels that equals even the appearance of the Knights of the Garter. And now there is a long and solemn pause, during which even whispers are audible, and the rustle of the dreses comes with a noise as their fair wearers turn to survey the scene around. Suddenly there is just a perceptible movement—a kind of consciousness that something has occurred which tells at once that the Queen is either coming or has come, and all eyes are quietly directed towards the quaint old pew in the wall. In another instant the Queen herself ap- pears, accompanied by his Royal High- ness the Duke of Saxe Coburg and Go- tha, the brother of the late Prince, and, as we all know, so like him as to make the resemblance almost startling as he stands by the side of her Majesty. The Queen wears the simplest and plainest of widow's weeds—a widow's cap, a black silk dress with white collar and cuffs, and black gloves. The only colours which appear upon her are the star of the Order of the Garter, and its blue riband, nar- rowed to the width her Majesty usually wears, across her left shoulder. She looks well in health, but thinner and older, with the permanent traces of deep grief and care stamped on every lineament of her features. She stands at the window of the royal pew, a little withdrawn from general gaze, and only to be seen at all by those on the opposite side of the choir glancing quietly into the interior, while the Duke of Saxe-Coburg speaks, and ap- parently explains to her the arrangements going on below for the great ceremony which has drawn her forth from her mourning and seclusion. After a few minutes she seats herself a little away from the window, and the duke retires, the Hon. Mrs. R. Bruce, clad, like the Queen, in deep mourning taking his place. It is 12 o'clock, and the noise of cheering can be heard outside, and then a pause, broken after a few minutes by the great rustle and pe- culiar hum which the great mass of visit- ors in the nave make on rising. The first of the three processions is at hand, but no one moves in the choir till the glittering file is seen, headed by heralds and great officers of state, coming rank in rank in stately order, filing off to the right and left as they enter the choir, till they reach the dais, which none but the most illus- trious may ascend. Dhuleep Singh, with Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar and the Prince of Leiningen, in his uniform as captain in the English navy, head the line of royal guests, but it is on the sister of the bride, the lovely Princess Dagmar of Denmark, followed by her royal mother, leading in each hand the Princess Thyra and Prince Waldemar, that all looks are centred as with stately step they slowly pass up the centre. All as they reach the steps of the Haut Pas turn and make a deep and reverend obei- sance to her Majesty, which her Majesty, rising and advancing to the front, gra- ciously acknowledges. Of these royal personages, it may be remarked here that none attracted more notice than the bride's mother the Prin- cess Christian, and her two young daugh- ters, Princesses Dagmar and Thyra, the younger being apparently about 10 years of age. These princesses are both re- markably handsome, and the elder bears a strong resemblance to her sister, the Princess Alexandra. It must, however, be confessed that their royal mother mo- nopolised attention, and perhaps equally excited surprise. The Princess Christian looks more like the sister of the bride than her mother. Her beauty her courtly gait, and her superb and ex- quisite costume, rivetted every eye. In point of magnificence of apparel the Princess Christian was perhaps the most striking personage in the entire cere- monial. The body and train of her dress were composed of the richest violet- coloured velvet ; the skert of white moire antique, elaborately worked with gold thread. Upon the bodice were diamond ornaments, and on the head a diamond tiara with white plumes, while across the breast stretched the scarlet and white ribbon of Denmark. As the long train, sweeping down the nave, was borne behind the Princess Christian, it was im- possible to help feeling that a right royal and rarely lovely woman was there, inde- pendently of her being an object of such strong interest as mother of the bride. As soon as the royal guests had taken their places, Dhuleep Singh and the Prince of Leiningen occupying seats in front of the altar on the southern side, the pro- cession of the royal family and the Queen's household appeared. The Princess Mary of Cambridge, her magnificent train borne by Lady Edith Somerset, moves up the choir with the most stately grace. At the dais her attendant pauses, and she turns to gather her train over her arm, and, moving to the centre, makes a profound courtesy to her Majesty, then passes at once to her place on the north, of the altar, in front of and just beneath those treasures of ironwork, the gates of Quentin Matsys. As she passes in, the Duchess of Cambridge follows, with like state and ceremony, and then the Princess Beatrice, Princess Louise, and Princess Helena ascend in turn, followed by the Princes Arthur and Leopold, the latter in Highland dresses of the royal tartan. All bow and courtesy deeply to the Queen, and the Princess Helena, who wears a train, gathers hers on her arm like the rest, and seats herself near the Duchess of Cambridge. The next is the Princess Alice, wearing a noble coronet of bril- liants ; then the Princess Royal, looking as young, as amiable, and as timid as when, with slow steps, she herself was led to the altar at the Chapel Royal, but this time leading by the hand a fine little boy, who, all unawed by the stately pomp around, dragged on his mother's arm, as he looked behind him at the pageant, and with difficulty brought his little feet to sur- mount the three steps of the Haut Pas. All have risen as they enter, and the Queen now rises too, and bows to her daughter with a kind and winning smile—the first that has passed across her face since she entered the chapel. Her Majesty has evidently found an object which deeply interests her, and instead of seating herself again she remains at the closet window, watching her royal chil- dren as they pass one after another to their seats beneath, and even when they are seated she leans over the front and remains gazing down at them steadily with an expression of fond pride which is unmistakable, and in which no trace of grief can be discovered now. Again the kettle-drums and trumpets. This time all rise, except the Queen her- self, and remain standing respectfully, for it is the bridegroom that approaches. He comes slowly up the choir, partly ac- companied by the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and the Prince of Prussia. The "Wed- ding March" is played as they advance, and the queen rises and comes fully for- ward as the Haut Pas is reached, and the three ascend and turn in line towards her, bowing deeply. The Duke of Saxe- Coburg and the Prince of Prussia retire to the south side of the altar, and the bridegroom, after kneeling a few seconds in prayer, rises and stands "the rose and expectancy of this fair State," in the cen- tre of the Haut Pas, alone, with his face towards the Queen. With the easy grace that seems natural to all his actions he stood alone, the watched and observed of all observers, neither bashful nor confi- dent, but with a manly royal bearing that became his illustrious birth and exalted station. He looked round upon the splendid scene for a moment quietly and easily ; and his every movement, his look, his very bearing, seemed in their vivid likeness to his royal father to impress and amaze all—even those who by their rank and station might be supposed to be the most familiar with his features. As the sound of cheering was heard without, marking the coming of his youthful bride, he kept turning his head every moment, for from where he stood, in the centre of the altar, he could see through the screen and down the nave beyond to where the crimson curtains would hide the marshal- ling of the bride's procession. Often and often did he glance this way, but the cur- tains were motionless, and gave no sign of the coming forth of her whom all now watched for with eager expectation. At last with a great clamour of trum- pets, which at first are muffled into a rich indistinctness behind the curtains, the long looked-for procession of the bride enters, and the prince, giving one look to satisfy himself of the fact of the arrival, keeps his eye fixed upon the Queen, and never turns his head again till his affianced stands beside him. The Queen imme- diately rose, and, bending forward from her closet, stood prepared to receive and to welcome her future daughter. At this moment the sun broke out in great bril- liancy, and shining down into the chapel, fell directly upon the Queen's head and face, and seemed to illuminate the sha- dow recessed about the altar—happy augury, let us hope, of the sunshine of the heart that will rest on the princess and her home. The hush was now so deep and breath- less that even the restless glitter of the jewels that twinkled everywhere seemed almost to break it and, despite the stately etiquette which had hitherto regulated every word and gesture, all now bent far and eagerly forward as the hum and rustle in the nave beyond showed the young bride to be drawing near. In another minute she had entered, and stood the fairest and almost the young- est of all her lovely train that bloomed in fair array behind her. Though not agitated, she appeared nervous, and the soft, delicate bloom of colour which ordinarily imparts a look of joyous hap- piness to her expressive features, had all but disappeared as, with head bent down but glancing her eyes occasionally from side to side, she moved slowly up towards the altar. Seen, as she now appeared, her golden brown hair contrasting with the wreath of orange blossoms and the rich veil depending from it, her deep eyes flashing from under its shadow, and her regular features as exquisitely formed as the ideal of a sculptor, it is no exagger- ation to say that she fascinated the ad- miration of all who had the good fortune to behold her. Everybody is absorded by this charming bride. She alone of all that magnificent assemblage is now watched with anxious and loving eyes. From the way in which her face is shaded by the veil and her looks are bent forward as she advances, it is difficult to see her features more fully, but as she nears the altar she drops her arm, and for the first time appears beneath the folds of her veil a large bouquet of orange flowers, carried in a princely gift from the Ma- harajah Dhuleep Singh. The bouquet was composed of orange blossoms, white rose buds, rare orchideous flowers, and sprigs of myrtle, with a trimming of Honiton lace. The myrtle was sent from Osborne, and was taken from plants reared from the sprigs used in the bridal bouquet of the Princess Royal. It is her Majesty's desire to have myrtle plants kept in the gardens of Osborne reared from each of the bridal bouquets of the royal family. The dress of the bride is also an object of interest which we must interrupt the narrative for a moment to describe. It consists of a petticoat of white satin trimmed with chatelains of orange blos- soms, myrtle, and bouffantes of tulle with Honiton lace ; the train of silver moire antique trimmed with bouffants of tulle, Honiton lace, and bouquets of orange blossom and myrtle : the body of the dress trimmed to correspond. The neck- lace, earrings, and brooch, of pearls and diamonds, which were the gift of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales ; rivare of diamonds, given by the corpo- ration of London ; opal and diamond bracelet, given by the Queen ; diamond bracelet, given by the ladies of Leeds ; and an opal and diamond bracelet given by the ladies of Manchester. Her royal highness's gorgeous train of white and silver is borne by eight young ladies, be tween the ages of 15 and 20, the very choice and flower of the fair scions of our most ancient houses. It is quite super- fluous to say how they looked, as robed in snowy white, and wrapped in veils, they followed their royal mistress with soft footsteps, though, as they were not going to be married, they seemed to think themselves relieved from the necessity of looking on the ground, and glanced about and turned to one and another, and made believe to look as if they did not know and hear that they commanded almost their full tribute of admiration, even behind such a lady in such a scene as this. Their dresses were all of white—a wonderful mixture of silk and lace that made them seem ethereal in their light- ness, as partly wrapped in long veils they passed as noislessly as a vision. Slowly the bride reaches the Haut Pas, and as she stops to bow to the Queen some of her fair attendants, who are ap- parently even more nervous than herself, attempt to kneel, but, finding their mis- take, rise quickly and move on as if they did not mean it. Then, and then only does the prince turn, as if to receive her, but checks himself as he sees them all bowing to the Queen, and for the first and only time he seems irresolute as to what he ought to do. The long keen scrutiny seems to have disturbed his com- posure at last, though only for a second, and the Anthem ceases, and all retire a little apart while the bride and bride- groom are left standing in the middle of the Haut Pas, the latter alone, the former, of course, closely surrounded by her at- tendant bridesmaids, so closely, indeed, that in that gorgeous mass of scarlet and purple and gold they were the only group on which the eye could turn with a feel- ing like rest from the surrounding glitter. Handel's march from "Joseph" had been played at entering, but all music had ceased as the party stood around the altar, till its strains broke out with the solemn words of the chorale.— This day, with joyful heart and voice To Heav'n be raised a nation's pray'r ; Almighty Father, deign to grant Thy blessing to the wedded pair. So shall no clouds of sorrow dim The sunshine of their early days ; But happiness in endless round Shall still encompass all their ways. The exquisitely soft music of this chant at once solemn and sorrowful, was com- posed by the late Prince Consort. It may have been this, or the associations and lifelong memories called up by the scene beneath her, but certain it is that as the hymn commenced her Majesty drew back from the window of the pew, and, after an effort to conceal her emotion, gave way to her tears and almost sobbed ; nor did she throughout the rest of the cere- mony entirely recover her composure. The bridal party saw nothing of this ; the bride's face was turned from the pew, and the Queen was withdrawn too much from the front for the prince to see her though his looks were often turned in that direction. As the solemn chant ended the prelates advanced to the com- munion rails, and the Primate, in a rich clear voice, which was heard throughout every part of the building, choir and nave commenced the service with the usual formulary, "Dearly beloved, we are gathered together here in the sight of God and in the face of this congregation to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony." There is a solemn pause after that dreadful adjuration in which they are charged to answer if there was any impediment to their marriage and then, after a moment, the Primate passed on to "Wilt thou, Albert Edward have this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony ? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honour, and keep her in sickness and in health ; and, for- saking all other, keep thee only unto her, so long as ye both shall live ?" To this the prince rather bowed than responded, his utterance was so indis- tinct. To the same question, "Wilt thou Alexandra Caroline Maria, have this man to thy wedded husband ?" the reply was just audible, but nothing more, though, as usual, every ear was strained to catch it. But to the words,—"I take thee, Alex- andra, to my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance ; and thereto I plight thee my troth," the prince repeated clearly word for word after his grace, though now, again, when it was the turn of the young bride, she could be heard only to answer almost iuaudibly, and her cheeks were suffused with a crimson flush, and she seemed very nervous. To the question ''Who giveth this woman to be married to this man ?" the royal father of the bride only bowed and moved towards the princess, who was removing her glove hurriedly. Then the Primate joined their hands, and in a clear, soft voice, firmly and deliberately repeated the words :— "With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow ; in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." All then knelt down while the prayer commencing "O Eternal God Creator and Preserver of all mankind, Giver of all spiritual grace, the Author of everlasting life ; send Thy blessing upon these Thy servants, this man and this woman, whom we bless, in Thy name," was solemnly re- peated, and then they rose, while the Primate joined their hands and said the final words, "Those whom God hath joined together let no man put asunder." With these words, which in law com- pleted the marriage ceremony, the service was continued to the 67th Psalm, the solemn strains of which came like a relief to what seemed almost the overwrought feelings of all within the choir as the words went pealing softly through both nave and aisle. Then was continued the usual prayer and exhortation, during which the guns in the long walk were heard booming forth, and the steeples throughout the town seemed to fill the air with sound. Misled for a moment, the Queen's band began tuning their instruments, and even the organ gave one or two involuntary spirits and whistles, as if anxious to lead in the race of harmony. It was permature, however, and there was a gentle hush, which restored the former silence, when the Primate was heard concluding the ex- hortation. Then raising his voice, he solemnly pronounced the benediction, dur- ing which the Queen, who had been more deeply affected, knelt and buried her face in her handkerchief. The bride and bridegroom then joined hands, and, turn- ing to the Queen, gave more a nod of kindly friendship than a bow of state, which the Queen returned in kind. In another minute the Queen, giving a similar greeting to the princess, quitted the closet, and the whole pageant went pouring in a gorgeous stream or flood of colours of wav- ing plumes, and flaming jewels, out of the choir. None can tell but those who were present how grand and solemn was the whole ceremony, or with how much deep hope and true devotion the marriage of the second Prince of Wales was cele- brated in St. George's Chapel, Windsor. As they left the choir the organ and the band went pealing forth the Hallelujah of Beethoven :— Hallelujah to the Father And the Son of God, Praise the Lord, ye everlasting choir, in holy songs of joy, Worlds unborn shall sing His glory, The exalted Son of God. 