GEELONG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) J TUESDAY, SEPT. 8. The rival ghosts have been trying to impress the public here with their ethereal pre- r sentence at the Theatre Royal, the other at'] the Mechanics' Institute. That at the former place seemed something more than a ghost-, and he or she at the latter something less. At the theatre, it was impossible to dis- _ criminate between the substance and the ) shadow at the Mechanics', it was as difficult to trace the shadow. A very interesting quoit smash was played this afternoon, on the fine ground of the a Geelong Quoit Club, at Kelly's Crown Hotel, Ashby, between six members of the Fitzroy ' Select Quoitiug Club, and an equal number " of the Geelong club. The match was the re- him one between the two clubs. The weather was rather stormy, a cold, strong wind blowing all day from the west- > ward. The Fitzroy players were Messrs. Kidney, Walshe, Bryant, Young, Sparkes, i and Hyde and the Geelong team consisted of Messrs. W. Macmullen, Kelly, Upston, Brcnriey, King, and Collidge. The first game was played by Macmillan and Kidney, and was well contested, there being six twos and two draws throughout, and Kidney winning by forty one to Macmullen's thirty eight. The second game was between Upston and Bryant, Upston winning by ten points. The third game was played by Brearley and Walshe, the former winning by fourteen points. The fourth game lay between Collidge and Young, both men playing remarkably , well, but Collidge winning by thirteen points. The fifth game was played by King l and Sparkes, the former playing admirably, and the latter appearing to be out of sorts. King won by twenty-one points. The sixth game was " the game " of the day, being splendidly contested between Kelly and Hyde. No less than sixty seven rinks were played, during which there occurred fifteen ties and a ne draw; Kelly scoring thirty- nine to Hyde's forty-one, the latter winning by two points. The following is the gross return of the u scoring :- FITZROY CLUB. 1 Kidneys Bryant 41 ' Young's Waliho.S7 Sparkes .. 20 ' Hydes ' TeUI .. 108 leaving the Geelong club the victors by < thirty-three points. A large number of persons attended on the ground during the afternoon; and the match, which excited unusual interest, wound up ' with a sumptuous banquet at the Crown, . MjJ Macmullen, the president of the Geelong club, presiding, and Mr. W. T. Morris occupy- ing the vice chair, the Fitzroy gentlemen being invited as guests; and the festivities were kept up to a late hour, although the Melbourne men had to leave by the nine o'clock train. G EULONG CLUB. Uacmullon .... 88 TJpeton.81 Collided .. 41 Brearley .. 41 King's Kelly. 80 Total .... 231 