In an nntenantad boose'at Brigham tho> deootdpaaed bod; of ? woman has been discovered«, Toa poltae.qtHcer, «bo was sor t (or ss* . bod*. Ja femilo apperal lylog upon the flior, the fooe eovsred .with tba skirt, ol ber dress. Rs took tbs coveting off, when the flesh of th* ftos fell away, leaving only .the skeleton to sbow.'that ii had bsiongod ta a ba maa bfinp. On tbe floor waa n bottle wbiab bsd contained laudanum, and: bang ap to the window waa . «bite straw bonnet trimmed with purp'o rJbb:n, * . 1 LnpfCBOtr* AJIICDOI«.-On» of oar leading prelaie* ?eme t ro» »go invited to bi» hospitable mani'ooln ¿ondea . d lontry reolor, aa old friend, from one of tba remote pro. vince«, Tbe simple-minded gen lemán came »hoot Ora) o'clock, having » notion that be abould arrive »boat dieter hoar. Som after be bod taken bli aeat tra w.s boqght -r«nnrl.-*-Wetfc** thought the rector * this ii hare living at an j rate ; if I had known, I ? wóüIJ have had a beefsteak at % chop-boose b, fore I came ; but 1'ha dly expected a> .bishop would dina - at one o'olock. - Is it a- fast-day, I won. der !" He drank his tea, however and said nothing. I About half-past seven o'alock his bed-candle was p'aced ta his hand, and he wss condue'ed to his sleeplnc-ruom. ' Call jon this London 61 Tie soliloquised ;.. " Why, F should have fared far better at,Eilvctton. I should have1 had my comfortable mutton-chop and my glass of beer at nine o'clock, and I shou'd have been in bed at ten well fed and oontented. Bot here I am half-starved in the midst of ap'endour; aa hungrr as a' hunter, almost reidy to devour my t lanket, like the boa constrictor-ls, ha - and where everything look* so grand ! Well Gae furnlturer'trba^t make a msn- fat - Give- me- substantial'victuals," earl yon may take'the"gildjng '* Soliloquising iri ¡ this, fajhWn ha unáreiaed himself, pulled over his ea'S hiaoottonBiirhtcap, ' with"« tassel on the top" a< the eing says, and crept into bed eoiling himself up comfortably; and' boihg_of a for- giving" temper, he sobh forgot bia : trochles, »nd "sank into his first" sleep'os sweetly a« a " Christian chilJ ¡" whéíi lo^ after awhile bells begin, to ring, and a Wart fepo^fc ¡yt ht» door Bonnda through' his room,' and a votoe'is heard raying -" pinner is on the ta'le, tir 1" . The ' old gentleman awoke in considerable confution; not knowing ; whether it waa to-day or to-morrow ; and according to'the raostan thentió' account, ? he appeared shortly after at tbe dinner table, thongh in a somewhat tallied condition as relates ta his wardrobe, and mentally in a haze of unoert inty as to the day of the week and the meal he waa eating. 2 ? ExTSionotsAttT KEVENOB.'-Last week some labourers .era engaged in catting a new drain in the. bog of Ballyegañ, on "the hanks of the river Urosoe, within two miles of this town, and nbjut four o'o ock in the afternoon they discovered a coffin about two feet from the surface. The police from tbe fibaravogue station were sent for, and, on removing the lid, found a body in tbe coffin. Information was at once given to Mr. Heenan, tko coroner, and on the following day an inquest was held on the epob where tbe remains were discovered. Many runicurs were quickly afloat, and the inquest was adjourned. At the adjourned Inqnest a careful examination of the body (wbioh waa partly preserved in the bog) was made by Ur. Wt ods. The mystery was however, unravelled on the examination of Ur. John Haokelt and a policeman, and on the production nf tba constabulary diary at Riverstown. It apprars that io the year of 8l9 the lifeless body ofa poor boy wat found by the ride of a hay rick, whcro it waa a pposed he sought ahelter and died from the effects of auld'and starvation. It was carried to the village of Riverstow.i, and, pen ling the ru ri »al of tbe coroner, looked np in an ont house adjoining the police-barrack.' Daring the night the' look of thad or was forced open, and tho body, taken away. It was well known that the sub-constable (ol'' llwioe},' woo had sole oh«rge of the barraoks had rendered himself, shortly before,-obnoxious to some bad oharaoters in the neighbourhood.-and at the time it waa affirmed that four yoong men adopted thia very curious way of getting Che policeman dism'esed for remissness. They took the body quietly away at night, rowed it op along the Bruah a about a mile and a halt, and Itere baitily buried it.-The jury, after a very lengthened deliberation, found in accordance with thel'aots. - Dublin v.xprei». ' Mexico. -The oontinental press abounds j oat now with information, Hatorloal, geographical, topographical; and' other; about Mexico; and tho following items are rather in» . tereating i Ever since Mexico, fourteen yea-s after Oortez's oonqueat, received her first vice- kins (Vireynadj de Neuve España), she has always been ralea by a strong and iron rule. The Spanish dominion, represented by 03 vloéróvs ' in all lasted exactly 300 years-from August 15 H; when Cortes took possession of the capital until 18 '1 when again in August) Don. Juan O'Donoju signed with Iturbide-tha treaty of independence in Cordova. Whatever Mexico bas - i Btilho show of great works and inner resouroes^dateg front I that'dark, heavy but groa- period. Alter 42 yea 's transl I lion it now stands - one of the purest and best or her presi> dents Benito Juares. having del -" at the grave of ber in- dependence,' as one of her last presidents has foretold would be the caso e e long. It would have fallen out differently if Ferdinand VII. had accepted and maintained the im- perial, crown, offered to bim at Cordorai but a. Spanish Bourbon was pot, it.- appears, the; right man in the right place. Thus the liberated people staggered from'tho'" Re- gency!'(1821 j, td the "Empira" (1823), which wai followed by a " Provisional Government'' (1828-1824)', a '" Federal Republic" (October, 1824), a ' Republican Central Gororn tnent" (1837-41), and the '"Dictato-ship" of Santa Anns, which »gain wo* aaooeeded hythe "Central Government" (1844), the "Federal Republic" (1846), and the Second Dictatorship' of Santa Anna j 1853). Expelled lu'. 1885, Santo Anna made room- for Juan Alvares, who, again waa supplanted; in rapid 'sdecoaaion, by ComonfOrt. ,'Jüarei, Zuluagaj Miramoi, and again Juarèz. Of thissamo Mexico Ält , ter says, " that no spot'on our planet is better situated for the highest civilisation of mankind, iind that earlier or later, it must develop . the1 highest-oalture' o'f the' human race ;" and Don LL oas Alamtti oonoludes Ilia " Histeria do Mexico" (18.12) wltb'thèse words!; Mexico will doubtless broome . prosperous land; beoaosa its'natural resources qualify it for : this ¡ but lt will not reach this goal ander the races whtoh. ' inhibit it et present." .' Who'soaver," hs adds, " has been inMoxIco, andknowthat ma^oifloent country, ¡ts people and ? circumstances w-. Il Join with'us in the fervent wish that the providential Salvador rna¡y soon'come'aoross 'the ssa." Wa wonderwhether he has come now I-/trader. - ' A DOKL IN A BALLOON -The Cttirritr det Ftate-.Unir : is responsible for the following extraordinary storr Jwbich ' appeal in ' its: issue of the' 18th July : -Two-aeronauts reoynjjy arrived at'New York,' Messrs. - John Lewis',' from. .' England Tarteifler a native of Prastia, met- about three weeks ago At John a Wood .where-they both intended to make publio Ascents, and at the ead of a disyute produced other. The choice of weaponj-was debated foti loDg'fîmB ; thon, af^r an anirpited discussion a oonolpskm wus;ooma -to which was' generally considered ss a joke; lt was agreed that the two champions., s' ould fight in balloon a without paraohutfa, each" one firing notât the .pert >n. buttha balloon of his adversary. Further,, a ; pistol ball oonlrLuot produce sufficient'effect, it .was decided that eaoh aVonld ba armed with"a blanderbus loaded with four grape-shots. Aa' we havesaid-the beli-f-was that this wiy.a pure "oom tdy7ôr, as tho ,Y»nkees .would eaiyi a humbug inspired, by, tha atmosphere of the oonntry. It was; however,1 perfectly /eriouB. so serions that the r/erlotiemrnt has just provoked a veritable catas rophe, ^Thursday last week two balloons exaotly < alike,. made i at iioston, - were taken oat', and Inflated in a field near Sallisburg on the frontiers ' of Vermont, and'oaoh aeronaut took hiaphoain tho,boat.of his balloon. -'Four others accompanied them to tbegroand, and shook: bands-with thom cordially before their departure. At un agreed'on signal the. ropes were.out, and'the two aerials rose parallel to |each other in ' a parfeotlyícalm, atmosphere. Toe ' balloons hal b.en started' at 8t paces distant from eaoh other ¡ the "'samo distance was prevailed till they had reaohed an.elevation of about ' 100 yards.' ' A, rocket was thon Jet ott ns a signal ât the, start ng place, and a miaute af ter -a' double report was heard in the air. One of the balloons continued its coarse majosttcalty, audi BOon-'eUwppearetf in a westerly direotion. The, !other .whirled round a moment and then descended |slowly, at first ; tint, the rapidly of the fall oonitirtty increasing,: it ended by falling violently and heaving on the ground; like an inert mais. Mr. Lewis, who was found in tho boat, wa» .insensible with an arm broken and its body dreadfully braised, bat there is. soma -hopB-of his life beia'g-s *vea. Aa for,M. Tarwiffor, no ons knows what baB become of bira. ?Bow TO JMPnovi s A OH ST.-AI pnblio attention' ii' eba beiyg.maoh oeoapied^ith that sensational illnsion Professor Pepper's Gbott.'-tba following InMrnotloos1 for exhibiting ..a;ghost, from .he:\BiltisK. Journal of Photograph, may Dot be uninteresting :-Kreol B ttege .boat ,lx,or seven feat bigb, and s lew feet baikfrom tba front plaoe two oprigbts f<" the tilpport of, aTliTgs'ábeér ' ol plsii.glass. 'Were tho piste-glass even So largo as to fl I ap tue whole stsge aperture, it would be so mach tba netter, ta it wonld do s we j yiili the uptight*; bot tba', resources of tbe glass, maher s art' would nola'low of ila being done. ,An, npet'nre aa wide aa convenient must exist in the floor ol the Stege, exiotding from the 'ront to tbe plat' --¿lase. ,',Toe bsok of. tbe alago Iront abonld ba " lined with bis' k velvet or other similar nor-r> fleeting substance, sod direotly in, the oeolrè arid up sgiinsl : ' t le b)ack bnokgronodrnaat.be marked a place where the ' l.ving ombodimtnt of the ghost ia lo atand. . 4 powerful light, bot with tbe means ot IbwBrina it to a mlnlmam,.ls now ?djuBted.no tbat the livlrg flgnra'now standing ifl situ ia well lighted, care being 'taken that none ot tba rays are allowea to escape over Ibo top óf'tbealsge fïp,dt.: The stsge itself is. ao.lisbted hom -tbe top orBidei'lhsl no light in"allowed -to fill upon tho Urge.plaf'q of glass.' Tho ghost is. ia ber "plao'e,. the shatter bolero rLe'lamp ? which illumines ber, the slob<-mist is seated moodily st the aide ot the stoge, tbe4>eil Tof exhibition is'dark-ned, '. nought being lighted but the'stoge, when at the proper ' time! the BOtetn jd slid from the'ntioet's l'gbl, or its-gas is ' slowly turned DO, and eba'image is I'eflroted from "tba* glass plats (kb'lbbj by tbe- wty, ls not itself observad by. tba aadlonon), tbe ghost); Imagu of courss appearing- to ba ss far belled ttie'glistf plaie lis it' really li in front of it. ' i'fbe sndienae see wjthcqa.il diatlncloea* theobjaot< on tba tt'go through the pinta glass and tbespto ral oljeot rifleated from Its «uVftce. it ls-obvions that ibo plato glasa.tboald ba S3 inclined tbat tho spectral image io re. fleeted ia tibe direction bf-the auJlenor, ind not ahoys thtir headn, oj would bo tba cass wore the mlrrorpltOi'd io, on exao ly vtrticárp.cition. ? , 