ST. GEORGE'S CHAPEL The following was the scene in the Chapel— It is a quarter to 12, and there is a short hush of expectation—one of those periods of unaccountable silence which always fall at intervals even upon the most crowded and animated assemblies. The usher of the Black Rod, Sir Augustus Clifford enters, and there is another pause, that is quickly broken by a loud hum of admiration in the Nave, which the more stately and select gathering in the Choir only notice by increased rigidity of uprightness till the cause of the murmur is made known by the appearance at the entrance of the Knights of the Garter all robed and jewelled in their almost regal costume, and headed by the Premier himself. They make a noble and a gallant show as they sweep up the Choir like a procession of monarchs, with their long velvet mantles of Imperial blue, lo ped at the shoulders with white riband, trailing after them. Lord Palmerston proceeds at once to his stall on the left, where he is joined by Lady Palmerston; and the others, after waiting for a single second in a stately group, pass also to their seats. The Premier was, of course, the most observed of all, as he stepped up lightly into his seat and looked round him with a brisk joviality, as if about to quell a troublesome member, or evade by a most voluminous reply an awkward question. The Duke of Newcastle, Earl Granville, Earl Clarendon, and Earl Russell are the most noticed of the rest, and the latter, when once he sits in his wide, high, ample stall, is almost lost to view. The other knights who take part in this splendid ceremony are the Duke of Buccleuch, the Marquis Camden, the Marquis of Westminster, the Duke of Devonshire, the Duke of Somerset, the Earl of Garrowby, the Duke of Wellington, the Marquis of Normanby, the Marquis of Abercorn, the Marquis of Salisbury, and two junior knights, the Earl of Shaftesbury, and Earl Fitzwilliam, who as juniors, in knighthood at least, sit furthest away from the Sovereign's stall, and thus, as It happens, nearest to the Sovereign's place on this occasion. Suddenly there is just a perceptible movement —a kind of conciousness that something has occurred which tells at once that the Queen is either coming or has come, and all eyes are quietly directed towards the quaint old pew in the wall. In another instant the Queen herself appears, accompanied by His Royal Highness the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, the brother of the late Prince, and as we all know, so like him as to make the resemblance almost startling as he stands by the side of Her Majesty. The Queen wears the simplest and plainest of widow's weeds— a widow's cap, a black silk dress with white collar and cuffs, and black gloves. The only colors which appear upon her are the star of the Order of the Garter, and its blue ribband, narrowed to the width Her Majesty usually wears, across her left shoulder. She looks well in health, but thinner and older, with the permanent traces of deep grief and care stamped on every lineament of her features. She stands at the window of the Royal pew, a little withdrawn from general gaze, and only to be seen at all by those on the opposite side of the Choir glancing quietly into the interior, while the Duke of Saxe-Coburg speaks, and apparently explains to her the arrangements going on below for the great ceremony which has drawn her from her mourning and seclusion. After a few minutes she seats herself a little away from the window, and the Duke retires, the Hon. Mrs. R. Bruce, clad, like the Queen, in deep mourning, taking his place. It is 12 o'clock, and the noise of cheering can be heard outside, and then a pause, broken after a few minutes by the great rustle and peculiar hum which the great mass of visitors in the Nave. make on rising. The first of the three procession is at hand, but no one moves in the Choir till the glittering file is seen, headed by heralds and great officers of the State, coming rank in rank in stately order, filing off to the right and left as they enter the Choir till they reach the dais, which none but the most illustrious may ascend. Dhuleep Singh, with Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar and the Prince of Leiningen, in his uniform as captain in the English navy, head the line of Royal guests, but it is on the sister of the bride, the lovely Princess Dagmar of Denmark, followed, by her Royal mother, leading in each hand the Princess Thyra and Prince Waldemar, that all looks are centered as with stately step they slowly pass up the centre. The Princess Christian is richly yet simply dressed, and only a feather and a few flowers are mixed with the thick clusters of her auburn hair. All as they reach the dais turn and make a deep and reverend obeisance to Her Majesty, and then pass on to the seats on the south of the altar. Hardly are they placed in order when the cheers from without the building come loud and clear, with a sound that is almost noise amid that stately pomp and quiet, and the strains of the bands playing the National Anthem can he distinctly heard heralding the progress of the procession of the Royal family. There is the usual slight delay, while it is marshalled in the temporary apartments, and then the trumpets burst forth as it enters the building. The Princess Royal, looking as young, as amiable, and as timid as when, with slow steps, she herself was led to the altar at the Chapel Roval, but this time leading by the hand a fine little boy, who all unawed by the stately pomp around, dragged on his mother's arm as he looked behind him at the pageant, and with difficulty brought his little feet to surmount the three steps of the haut pas. All have risen as they enter, and the Queen now rises too, and bows to her daughter with a kind and winning smile - the first that has passed across her face since she entered the Chapel. Beethoven's noble march has been played as they filed in, but, as maybe guessed, its strains, though beautifully rendered, are but little attended to in such a scene as this. The Queen has evidently found an object which more deeply interests her, and instead of seating herself again she remains at the closet window, watching her Royal children as they pass one after another to their seats beneath, and even when they are seated she leans over the front and remains gazing down at them steadily with an expression of fond pride which is unmistakable, and in which no trace of grief can be discovered now. Again the cheers come louder and more sustained than ever from the outside; again there is the same pause, broken by the trumpets and rattling kettle drums in the Nave, and this time all save the Queen herself rise and remain standing respectfully, for it is the Bridegroom that approaches. Great officers precede him but they are little heeded; all eyes are turned upon the Prince of Wales, who, in his uniform of General, but wearing over all the insignia and purple mantle of a Knight of the Garter, comes slowly up the Choir, partly accompanied, partly followed, by his brother-in-law. the Prince of Prussia, and his uncle, the Duke of Saxe Coburg, similarly robed. The Wedding March is played as they move up with stately ease, and the Queen rises and comes fully forward as the haut pas is reached, and the three ascend and turn in line before her, bowing deeply. The Duke of Saxe Coburg and the Prince of Prussia retire to the south side of the aItar, and the Bridegroom, after kneeling a few seconds in prayer, rises and stands " the rose and expectancy of this fair state," in the centre of the haut pas alone, with his face before the Queen. The hush was now so deep and breathless that even the restless glitter of the jewels that twinkled everywhere seemed almost to break it, and despite the stately etiquette which had hitherto regulated every word and gesture, all now bent far and eagerly forward as the hum and rustle in the Nave beyond showed the young Bride to be drawing near. In another minute she had entered, and stood " In gloss of satin and glimmer of pearls, '" Queen lily and rose in one," the fairest and almost the youngest of all her lovely train that bloomed in fair array behind her. Though not agitated, she appeared nervous, and the soft, delicate bloom of colour which ordinarily imparts a look of joyous hap-. piness to her expressive features, had all but disappeared as, with head bent down, but glancing her eyes occasionally from side to side, she moved slowly up towards the altar. The programme tells us that she was supported on the right by her own father. Prince Christian of Denmark, and on her left by the Duke of Cambridge, and the same dry but most authentic document leads us to believe that both were in full uniform, and wore the collars and badges of their respective orders of knighthood. But, without wishing at all to derogate from the importance of these illustrious personages we may say that any one one else might have safely borne their part, so deep, so all-absorbing, was the interest with which the Bride, and the Bride alone, was watched. From the way her features are now shaded by the veil, and her looks bent forward, it is difficult to see her features more fully, but as she nears the altar she drops her arm, and for the first time appears beneath the folds of her veil a large bouquet of orange flowers carried in a princely gift from the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh. On these occasions, we believe, the dress of the bride ranks in general estimation as only second in importance to the celebration of the ceremony itself, which is to be regretted, for a lady's dress, like a lady's beauty, can only be described by its effect. It is embroidered white silk, trimmed with silver, which can just be discerned in rich designs glittering between the, snowy folds. The traditional white is not however, departed from, though over all she wears a slight boddice with open sleeves of white silk, embroidered silver, and which, falling tight, sets off her tapering waist and faultless symmetry of form to absolute perfection. Her gorgeous train of white and silver is borne by eight young ladies, between the ages of 15 and 20, the very choice and flower of the fair scions of our most ancient houses. The young ladies thus honored with so fair a post in the long programme of this happy day are all the daughters of Dukes, Marquises, or Earls whose titles are almost as familiar as the names of our Kings of old. They were Lady Victoria Alexandria Montagu Douglas Scott, daughter of the Duke of Buccleuch; Lady Theodora Grosvenor, daughter of the Marquis of Westminster; Lady Diana Beauclerk, daughter of the Duke of St, Albans; Lady Emma Bruce, daughter of the Earl of Elgin; Lady Victoria Hare, sister of the Earl of Listowell; Lady Agneta Yorke, daughter of the Earl of Hardwicke; Lady Victoria Alexandrina Elizabeth Campbell, daughter of the Earl of Cawdor; Lady Constance Villiers, daughter of the Earl of Clarendon; Lady Ernestine Emma Horatio Mount Edgecombe, daughter of the Earl of Mount- Edgecombe; and Lady Feodorowna Cecilia Wellesley, daughter of Earl Cowley. It is quite superfluous to say how they looked, as, robed in snowy white, and wrapped in veils, they followed their Royal mistress with soft footsteps, though, as they were not going to be married, they seemed to think themselves relieved from the necessity of looking on the ground, and glanced about and turned to one and another, and made believe to look as if they did not know and hear that they commanded almost their full tribute of admiration, even behind such a lady in such a scene as this. Imagination must draw their pictures, for words would fail to paint them. Their dresses were all of white—a wonderful mixture of silk and lace that made them seem etherial in their lightness, as partly wrapped in long soft veils they passed as noiselessly as a vision which cannot be forgotten or described. Lady Georgina Hamilton, daughter of the Marquis of Abercorn, who was originally intended to form one of the lovely train, but was unfortunately prevented by indisposition, which, though not severe in character, was sufficient to prevent her attendance now. Slowly the Bride reaches the haut pas. and as she stops to bow to the Queen some of her fair attendants, who are apparently even more nervous than herself, attempt to kneel, but, finding their mistake, rise quickly and move on as if they did not mean it. Then, and then only, does the Prince turn, as if to receive her, but checks himself as he sees them bowing to the Queen, and for the first and only time he seems irresolute as to what he ought to do. The long keen scrutiny seems to have disturbed his composure at last, though only for a second, and the Anthem ceases, and all retire a little apart while the Bride and Bridegroom are left standing in the middle of the haut pas. the latter alone, the former, of course, closely surrounded by her attendant bridesmaids, so closely indeed that in that gorgeous mass of scarlet and purple and gold they were the only group on which the eye turn with a feeling like rest from the surrounding glitter. Handel's march from Joseph had been played at entering, but all music had ceased as the party stood around the altar, till its strains broke out with the solemn words of the chorale:— " This day, with joyful heart and voice " To Heav'n be raised a nation's pray'r: " Almighty Father, deign to grant " Thy blessing to the wedded pair. " So shall no clouds of sorrow dim " The sunshine of their early days, But happiness in endless round " Shall still encompass all their ways." The exquisitely soft music of this chant, at once solemn and sorrowful, was composed by the late Prince Consort. It may have been this or the associations and lifelong memories called up by the scene beneath ber, but certain it is that as the hymn commenced Her Majesty drew "back from the window of the pew, and, after an effort to conceal her emotion, gave way to her tears and almost sobbed, nor did she throughout the rest of the ceremony entirely recover her composure. The bridal party saw nothing of this; the Bride's face was turned from the pew, and the Queen was withdrawn too much from the front for the Prince to see her, though his looks were often turned in that direction. As the solemn chant ended, the Prelates advanced to the communion rails, and the Primate in a rich clear voice, which was heard throughout every part of the building Choir, or Nave, commenced the service with the usual formulary, " Dearly beloved, we are gathered together here in the sight of God, and in the face of this congregation to join together, this man and this woman in holy matrimony." There is a solemn pause after that dreadful adjuralion in which they are charged to answer if there was any impediment to their marriage, and then, after a moment, the Primate passed on to "Wilt thou, Albert Edward, have this woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony ? Wilt thou love her, honour, and keep her, in sickness and in health ; and, forsaking all others, keep thee only unto her, so long as ye both shall live ?" To this the Prince rather bowed than responded, his utterance was so indistinct. To the same question "Wilt thou Alexandra Caroline Maria, have this man to thy wedded husband?'' the reply was just audible, but nothing more, though, as usual, every ear was strained to catch it. But to the words,—"I take thee, Alexandra, to my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do us part, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereto I plight thee my troth," the Prince repeated clearly word for word after his Grace, though now, again, when it was the turn of the young Bride she could be heard only to answer almost inaudibly, and her cheeks were suffused with a crimson flush, and she seemed very nervous. To the question—"Who giveth this Woman to be married to this Man" the royal father of the Bride only bowed and moved towards the Princess, who was removing her glove hurriedly. Then the Primate joined their hands, and in a clear, soft, voice, firmly and deliberately the Prince repeated the words:— " With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." All then knelt down while the prayer com- mencing " O Eternal God. Creator and Preserver of all mankind, Giver of all spiritual grace, the author of everlasting life; send Thy blessing upon these Thy servants, this man and this woman, whom we bless in Thy name," was solemnly repeated, and then they rose, while the Primate joined their hands and said the final words. " Those whom God hath joined together, let no man put asunder." At the conclusion of the ceremony the Primate solemely pronounced the benediction, during which the Queen, who had been more deeply affected, knelt and buried her face in her handkerchief. The Bride and Bridegroom then joined hands, and turning to the Queen, gave more a nod of kindly friendship than a bow of State, which the Queen returned in kind. In another minute the Queen, giving a similar greeting to the Princes, quitted the closet, and the whole pageant went pouring in a gorgeous stream or flood of colors, of waving plumes, and flaming jewels, out of the Choir. None can tell but those who were present, how grand and solemn was the who!e ceremony, or with how much deep hope and true devotion the marriage of the second Prince of Wales was celebrated in St, George's Chapel, Windsor. As they left the Choir, the organ and the band went pealing forth the Hallelujah of Beethoven :— " Hallelujah to the Father " And the Son of God, " Praise the Lord ye everlasting choir, in holy songs o' joy " Worlds unborn shall sing His glory, " The exalted Son of God." While the ceremony was going forward within the Chapel, nothing remained for the spectators without but to wait patiently the return of the Procession. Those whose tickets enabled them to avail themselves of that privilege took the opportunity of visiting the court-yard from which an entrance leads to St Gorge's Chapel. Within this enclosure, where the carriages set down and took up their occupants, a guard of honour was stationed, and the band of the Grenadier Guards, under the leadership of Mr. Godfrey, was also placed at this point. For the first time after an interval of 15 months, the walls of the Castle resounded with military music. On the arrival of the first and second processions, the Danish airs "Sang for Flaaden" (" Song of the Navy"), and "Den Tapper Landsoldat" ("The Brave Landsoldier"), were performed, and the Princess Alexandra was received with the Danish anthem "King Christian," The miscellaneous selections including "Wedding March" (Mendelssohn), " Quick March on Danish Melodies", from D. Godfrey's Quadrille (selected from over 200 Danish airs,) and "March of Frederick VII., King of Denmark." The Royal party returned to the Castle in twelve carriages, and the Prince and Princess proceeded in the afternoon to Osborne. 