TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. BEECHWORTH, Friday—At the Circuit Court, before Chief Justice Stanwell, to- day, Julian Cross, David Gedge and Elizabeth Scott, were each found guilty of wilful murder. The crime was perpetrated at Mansfield. The victim was the husband of the female prisoner. They were each separately de- fended by counsel, and each sentenced to be hung. The trial lasted the whole day. The prisoner Gedge is only twenty years of age. A Chinaman is to be tried to-morrow, also for murder. ECBUCJL, Friday-Gundagai arrived with full cargo from the Darling. Mr O'Shanassy has left for Moira station. The town is lively in consequence of the wool transit. Hopes are entertained of a change in postal arrangements. STDNET, Friday - Messrs Thornton, Dangar, Thompson, Harbottle, and Monlefiore, are elected directors of the City Bank. The Supreme Court has affirmed Chubb's conviction. Mr Cooper, late gold commissioner at Aralaen, has resigned his appoint ment to oppose Mr Wilson, Minister for Lands. Mr Cowper, jun, left to- night for Tumut, to oppose Mr Martin. The directors oi the Joint-stock Bank bare paid £400 for distribution amongs the constables who captured Lowrv. Mr Smart, late Treasurer, has written to the Htrald re-asserting Mr Eager's having asked for the . auditor generalship under Cowper's Administration^ and accusing Eager of divulging a conversation specified as confidential. The letter produces an unfavorable impression re specting .Mr Eager. Business is quiet, money tight. The new Congregational church of St Leonard's opened to-night. Stokes Craig sold by auction Victoria Sugar Company's white counter, at L3S 5s ; 120 tons yellow counter, at L32 10s. ADELAIDE, Friday-This Government has given sis months'" notice from September last that they will cease to collect the Murray duties, because Vic toria refuses to collect duties on good3 entering south-eastern district for this colony. It is expected that Parliament will close next Friday. The Ap propriation Act will come on neit Tuesday. The Sea Shell sailed from Port Elliott for Melbourne with 2,490 bags wheat. The wheat and flour markets are unsettled. Flour, L12 to L1210s. Wheat, 5s 4d. Miss Gougenheim engaged another month. Ghost yesterday a failure.-A rgtu. THE 'WEATHER.-Saturday was a fine day, and Sunday did not belie its name, a3 the sun shone so hotly that people complained of the heat. The evening was welcomed, as it brought shade and coolness, and clouds with a wild look about them, and likely to draw to heavy showers. EBKATCM.-In our Saturday's issue it was stated that the race for the Grand Stand Stakes at the Jockey Club Meeting was run in thirty-fire minutes. It should have been three minutes five seconds. SANDHURST GOLDFIELDS' COMMOK.-A notice has been issued by the secretary, informing per sons wishing to depasture cattle on the commons that it will be necessair for them to take out a license not later than Friday to enable them to do so, and all unlicensed cattle found on the common after that day will be impounded. The herdsman Anil be in attendance at Myers' Creek for the issue of licenses. A MOONLIGHT PARADE OP THE BESDIGO RIFLES took place on Friday evening, half way between Eaglehawk and Sandhurst, at which 126 were present, including the band and about 40 members from Eaglehawk. The Sandhurst por tion of the corps, with band, marched from the Town Hall, at half past seven, to meet their Eaglehawk companions, who also had started from Eaglehawk at the same hour. Both divisions met at Long Gully and proceeded to California Gully, where they were drilled by Sergeant O'Meara. The Sandhurst men were then countermarched, and proceeded in the direction of Sandhurst, whilst their companions went on to Eaglehawk. On the march back to Sandhurst the men were drilled in a few simple company movements, such as forming fours, forming to the front, increasing and diminishing front by forming sections, sub divisions and company, &c.; Captain Lysaght, belore dismissing the men, complimented them highly for turning out in such numbers, and stated he regretted that through a misunderstand ing their Eaglehawk comrades had been dis missed sooner than he expccted, as he had in tended addressing a few words to them. He in formed those present that he had received the necessary papers to sign for the first portion of the Government money, which would amount to be tween £-20 and £30. He should call a meeting of the corps for next Thursday evening, when a committee of management would be elected, to whom he should give the control of the funds. By a brigade order he saw that all appointments of sergeants had been cancelled, and that no com missioned or non-commissioned officers under the rank of captain were to be appointed until after; the regulations relating to these appointments, at present before the Governor, in Council, were promulgated. In the meantime he would appoint acting sergeants who would do duty as such until the future officers were appointed. A great num ber of civilians accompanied the volunteers during the march, and appeared greatly to enjoy the fine moonlight night, brisk walk and martial music of the band. 