' CURRENT TOPICS. We lenrn that a most extraordinary discovery of what appears at present to be the suppression of a public- document was made on Monday l»st under the following circumstances •— Previous to the railway ga'es being erected at the Latrobe Terrace crossing, the Government wrote to the Corporation to ascertain whether there would be any objection offered and what the objection w-uld be. Councillor M'Wil liams, not aware of the existence of any such document, drew the attention of the Public Works' Committee to the fact of these gate* being a great obstruction to the traffic of the street, and suggested that Bome action should be tak**nin the matter. It was accordingly re ferred to the Public Works Committee, and a deputation was appointed to meet gentleman belonging to the Railway Dcpait ment on Monday last. On stating the case to this official the deputation were gonfounded to hear from hid lips that the Corporation were to blame for not having taken any notice of the communication forwarded to them by the go vernment, desiring to ascertain their views on the matter, and were told that anything they could urge now would be too late, as the work wa3 finished. They should have done so before it was b' gun, *s the opportunity was offered them. The deputation looked at each other in mute astonishment, and felt so chagrined at the " sell " that they had nothing more to say. On making enquiries subsequently, it transpired— so we are inf.rmcd—that the Town Surveyor rec ived this document some weeks ago, and that, instead of laying it before the Councilor the Public W-uks Committee, he handed it to the Mayor, who has kept it ever since; and it has not been laid b-for? ei'her the Council or the Commi-tee of Public Works. What the Mayor's object could be in suppressing so im p -rtant a document we are unable to imagine, and why the Town Surveyor should havo handed P to him, iustt^d of laying it before the Public Works Committee, is equally inexpli cable Wo trm-t this extraordinary affair will bo thoroughly sifted at the next meeting of the Council, on Thursday night. Colonel Farqnharson, the Usher of the Black Itod in the Legislative Council, died on Monday night, at ten o'clock. lie leaves behind him a son, who is an officer in the Customs. Mr Duff}* has paired off till Friday for the purpose of preparing on elaborate speech on the occasion of his moving a return to the old as sessment system. From a telegram courteously furnished by G. F. Belcher, Esq, of the Treasury, we observe that "all agricultural areas proclaimed for June 22nd are postponed to July 29th," To those who have travelled long distances to put in their claims for such lands, after having pre viously conquered the difficulties of obtaining the nece«sary funds, these alterations in the go vernmental arraDgemeuts for the sale and leas ing of lands are very trying matters, and the credit of the Government and the comfort of the public alike demand that they should not so frequently occur. The amateur performance for the benefit of the widows and orphans of the crew of th© steamer Citizen, took place last night at the Theatre Royal The houce was tolerably well filled, and barring a few hitches incidental to all amateur draravic' performances, the enter tainment went off tolerably well. Upon the rising of the curtain Mr A. Francisco came for ward and spoke a prologue, written for the occasion by Mr W. Stilt Jenkins, Although ;n many porticos of the play, which by the wnv a*,i3 " Komeo and Juliet," thnr» wns unniif t»ktabie evidence of latent talent, yrt the pi c» was one altogether too ambitious for eo youm club to undertake. The members wor<v generally well tip in their parts; hut not iihsianding this and their independence of the prompter, there was too evident a desire to " out with it" and get off the stage, to very seriously impress the audience. Manv of the actors. ton? were very slovenly attir-d. and Friar Laurence's stockings hung about ht3 heels as if Up were a cow bov, rath' v than a holy padre. A little attention to details ot this kind would go far to redeem many trior serious shortcomings. As Romeo Mr Francisco played very creditably, and with a little ju dicious s'udy he will make a resp ctable amateur actor. The afterpiece of "Drummer Gilks; or My Husband's Ghost," was by far the bes' pardon of the entertainment, and the members of the Corio Club will do well to direct their attention more particularly to 'his branch of the histrionic art Ths club was ably nippor'cd bv Miss Naylon as Juliet, Mrs Avinsas the Nurse, and Mrs Evans as Lady Capulefc. A live snake, 3 feet G inches long, was brought to our cfSce yesterday, by a person named Grills, who stated that he found it at the rear of the Manchester Arms Hotel, while in the act of chopping wood. The only business at the Central Police Court yesterday, was the disposal of a drunkard, named Ann Connor, who was discharged with a caution. AVe give in another column fuller particul rs than hav^ yet appeared of t.h?> P.irri gambling scandal in which the name of Miranda is mixed up : but we thiok it scarcely possible that this is the Miranda who some years agOBwindhd the Sydney Joint Stock Bank out of L40,0u0. It is incredible that under the same name he should have voluntarily appeared in a Parisian Court of Justice as plaintiff, for 6uch was his real position, especidly in a case certain to excite intense curiosity on both sides of the Channel. Neither do we thiuk it likely that the. BwindUr Miranda can hold so high a position at the Court of Spain as ihe plaintiff did Th** details now giwu lift the roof off tte demi' mondc assemblages so frequently yet obscurely alluded to in the Home journals, and the glimpses of Calzado's previous life nrea.6eriesbf novelettes in themselves. That shipment of mark- d cards to Havannah, previously clearing the dealers of all their old stock is a thing not to be attempted more than once in a century. The Duke de Caderousae Gratnont coines remarkably unsmirched out of the transaction, as indeed he did out of the fatal duel with the sporting editor some months ago. 