THE EVENTS OF THE MONTH From November 14 to November 21. The nomination of candidates for the represen- tation of the citizens of Brisbane in the Municipal Council look place Nov. 20. There was such a large assemblage to participate in the proceed- ings, that the Connell Chamber was Inadequate to accommodate the ratepayers, and the meeting was adjourned to the School of Arts. This movement was regarded as a practical commentary upon the necessity for a new Town Hall. The Mayor pre- sided. Not fewer than twenty- three candidates were proposed, including only one of the three re- tired aldermen. This was Mr. Trevan, who seem- ingly considered discretion the better part of valour, and declined to go to the poll. There can be no doubt that many were brought forward by way of joke, for, though all were not present, the majority of those nominated declared their inten- tion not to contest tho election. Amongst them was Mr. Robert Cribb, who, with that shuffling indecision which is his main charac- teristic, first stated that he would not stand, next, that he would do so, and finally, that " he did not know whether he should stand or not, but would make up his mind on the matter before the polling day." Really, his condescension is charming; and perhaps the ratepayers would oblige this " most potent, grave, and reverend seignieur" by reserving their votes until he shall have made up his mind. When all others fail, they may have a Cribb to fly to for refuge. He was the genius of discord in the meeting, and having been snubbed by the chairman for using improper language and other improprieties, he was castigated by another candidate, whose private character he had the bad taste to assail. Alder- man Mayne "cut in" very heavily on the occa- sion, and manifested so much generosity towards his fellow-citizens, that he nominated no fewer than five candidates " on his own hook." It is a pity that the serious business of the ratepayers should be so trifled with, but it rests with them- selves to prevent any ill-effects resulting from their diversions. Upon the "show of hands" being taken, Messrs. A. J. Hackings, E. B. Southerden, and J. Markwell had the majority. A poll was demanded, and the election will take place on Thursday next. One of the most interesting events that we have had to chronicle in connection with acquatics in Queensland came off yesterday afternoon. This wns a gig race between four gentlemen of Cam- bridge and four of Oxford: It is pleasant to wit ness at this end of the world a revival of the rivalry in out-door sports which are time-honored amongst University men, and which, il appears, can evoke as lively an interest on the Brisbane as on the classic Cam or Isis. The crews were as follow:~Oxford: Hon. R. G. W. Herbert, hon. J, Bramston, Rev. B. E. Shaw, and Rev. J. Tom llnson. Cambridge: R. J. Townson, Esq.: A. E. Deighton, Esq.; Rev. T. B. Grosvenor, mid E. Huxtable, Esq. The Cantabswere the victors. A silver cup has been presented to the Ipswich Rifle Corps, to be shot for by the members on Boxing Day. The steamer Telegraph brought from Sydney the principal portion of the English September mail, arriving in Brisbane on Wednesday after- noon. She left yesterday with the outward mail for England, having stopped here only twenty four hours. It reflects great credit on the em- ployed of the A. S. N. Company, that In the time named a vary heavy inward cargo was discharged, and a heavy outward cargo with coal for the voy- age taken on board. The Yarra Yara arrived this evening with the remainder of the English mail. ' The Ipswich Court House is now adorned with a public clock, which was manufactured in a local establishment. From the North there comes a thrilling "scan, mag."—a regular windfall for " penny-a-liners," only these Bedouins of the press have no existence in Queensland. In the early part, of the current month, the Rockhampton bench had occasion to hold an investigation with closed doors, touching the conduct of a certain well-known Justice of the Peace hailing from Port Denison. The in- vestigation was of a delicate nature, for there was a lady In the case, and that is all we know about it. The circumstances, if known, might or might not be amusing: but the sequel was other- wise for some folks. While the legal proceeding was pending, or shortly after its concluson, Mr. G. E. Dalrymple waylaid Mr. Jardine, the Police Magistrate of Rockhampton, and as- saulted him with a riding whip for "pre- judging the case." On the same day, Cap- tain Feez, who, it appears, is also interested in the case, assaulted Mr. Wood, J.P, The two pugna- cious gentlemen were brought before the Court next day, when Mr. Dalrymple was committed for trial, and Captain Feez, was mulcted in a small fine. Soma of the Northerners are now willing to admit that there is a little rowdyism amongst thom. Deaths by "coup de soliek" have occurred in Brisbane during the week.- and two or three deaths from the same cause are reported in the latest Rockhampton papers. The weather is ex- cessively hot for the season. The Right Rev. Dr. Tufnell ls on a pastoral tour to the northern portion of his diocese. A meeting of delegates for Maryborough, Glad- stone, and Rockhampton to the Central and Northern Queensland Association is fixed to take place in Rockhampton next month. News from Peak Downs is slightly encouraging. The latest receipt of gold was a lot of 700 ounces. A young girl, named Eliza Coffey, died on Wednesday last from the effects of burns received through her crinoline catching fire. There is a movement on foot for the establishment of a free Volunteer Company in Fortitude Valley. The government will immediately issue the deeds of the land at South Brisbane to the Corporation, so as to enable the civic authorities to com plete their arrangements for the building of the bridge. The Parliament Building Commission, recently appointed, held their first meeting on Wednesday last. His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche presided at the Brisbane Criminal Assizes on Monday and Tues- day. The calendar was not a heavy one, and was cleared off in the two days. The prospectus of the Queensland Co-operative Cotton Growing and Manufacturing Company has been issued. It is now established that all the unpleasant rumours which have been so long current concern- ing the ship Rockhampton were proved before the Immigration Board. The Colonial Secretary, in a letter to the Mayor of Brisbane on the subject, states that systematic neglect of their duties on the part of the surgeon- superintendent and the matron, and gross intemperance and immoral in- tercourse with female passengers on the part of the captain and second mate, have led the govern- ment to withhold the gratuities which would, under other circumstances, have been paid to those persons. It is a pity he is unable to indict some more severe punishment upon them. As the conduct of the first mate " formed a praiseworthy contrast to the conduct of the other officers men- tioned," he has received the second mate's gratuity in addition to his own. The new Immigration Regulations were gazetted on Monday last, and they are very unsatisfactory, inasmuch as they perpetuate the violation of the laws which has so long been charged against the government in their dealing with immigrants and land orders. The prospectus of a new Peak Downs Copper Mining Company has just been published. A man named Lindsay Porteus wns accidentally drowned in Breakfast Creek, near Bowen Bridge, on Monday Iast. On Saturday, a Iad named Ryan was drowned whilst bathing at Kangaroo Point. Telegraphic communication with Dalby was opened Iast Monday. A capital crlcket match was played on Saturday last, between eleven of the Victorias Club and eleven of the Brisbane Club. When the stumps were drawn at dusk, the Brisbaneites had the highest score. From November 21 to November 28. The munlclpal election has been the exciting topic of the week. Meetings of ratepayers and speeches of candidates have afforded pabulum to newspapers and quid nuncs, and amusement and excitement to the general public. Thursday was polling day, when, strangely enough, not more than one-fourth of the ratepayers on the roll availed of the ballot ; but that there was a consi- derable agreement of opinion amongst them is evidenced by the fact that the Aldermen elect have been returned by very high majorities over the unsuccessful candidates. Messrs. Arthur Martin, A. J. Hockings, and W. Brookes, are the gentlemen elected, in the order in which they are here named. A public meeting was convened on Thursday evening to consider the best means of collecting the fund still required to enable the building of the new School of Arls, Brisbane, to be at once proceeded with ; but owing to the paucity of atten- dance the principal business wns postponed. Several Influential gentlemen were present at the time appointed, and the proceedings were formally initiated by the Mayor. From the report, of the committee of the School of Arts, which has been published, it appears that the whole amount sub scribed by the citizens does not exceed £500. To entitle the Institution to the £1000 promised by the Government, and voted by Parliament, for the new building, an equal amount must be raised by private subscription. Surely another' £500 will be contributed by our fellow-townsmen to secure for Brisbane a respectable hall to meet in, and one worthy of the title of a work of art. Something like spirit is exhibited by the present contractor of the mails for Brisbane and Ipswich, Mr. James Wood. He has sent orders to' Mel- bourne for two first-class coaches, for carrying passengers, to e constructed on the principle which has been found so advantageous for the large traffic conducted by Cobb and Co. in Victoria and New South Wales. The unwelcome news of two wrecks on Bamp- ton Shoal has been received in Brisbane, this week. The first was the American whaler Hope, Captain Gifford ; the second the Sporting Lass, of Sydney, Captain Bennett, also on a whaling cruise. lt is remarkable that Captain Bennett was formerly a sufferer by shipwreok on the Hamp ton Shoal. His vessel, the Prince of Denmark, was lost there a few months ago; and from her remains he built another vessel, the Hamlet's Ghost, in which he and his crew came to Brisbane. Captain Gifford and the greater part of his ship's company arrived here in their boats on Thursday morning; one boat, with seven men on board, in charge of the third mate, parted company at sea, on the night of the 19th instant, and, it is sup- posed, took a course for Sydney, where, we hope, she will arrive in safety. We regret, however, to learn that the boat was not in good condition, and there is some fear that she may have suffered casualty. Captain Bennett and all his ship's com- pany arrived to-day. The Hon. J. Martin, First Minister of the Go- vernment of New South Wales, having gained his seat by a second election, appeared in his place in the legislative Assembly yesterday, and an nounced that his ministry intend to deal with the Estimates only during the present session. His ministry have initiated a pinching financial re- form, but the judiciousness of their attempts to economise in some departments may reasonably be questioned. Mr. Charles Kean, the great tragedian, has ar- rived in Sydney, where he is to appear in a round of Shaksperean impersonations. On Wednesday evening a public meeting was hold in the Wesleyan Church, Albert- street, to organise a Home Missionary and Church Exten- sion Society; and the basis of the association was j agreed to. During the week there has been a Conference of the representatives of the several Presbyterian bodies of this colony to consummate a union under the title of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, upon the basis agreed to by the Conference held here In July last. The union was satisfactorily consummated, and the formula duly subscribed. Subsequently a Synod was elected, with the Rev. S. Wilson as Moderator, and at their sittings all mutters relating to Church procedure, exten- sion of missions, and others of importance were arranged. A very lively cricket match was played yester- day, between eleven of the passengers by the im- migrant ship Fiery Star, and eleven of "all Brls bane" selected from the Brisbane and Victoria Clubs. The local team were eminently successful, and achieved an ascendancy over the new lumina- ries which the latter, as the challengers, could hardly have anticipated. All Brisbane scored, in the first and only innings, 196 runs: against 103, scored in two innings, by the Fiery Star. An eclipse of the moon was observed in Bris- bane on the evening of the 25th instant. In the local almanacs it was announced to take place on the 24th. The Primitive Methodist body has accepted a contract for the building of a new church in Rock hampton. Two new quartz reefs have been struck on the Peak Downs gold fields. The accounts from the copper mines are favorable The town of Bowen, Port Denison, has no secure lock-up; and, consequently, offenders against the law are chained up for security. The necessity for resorting to this babarous mode of securing offenders is deservedly condemned ; and it should be removed as soon as possible. Mr. Bourcicault, editor and proprietor of the " Northern Argus," has had occasion to display his proficiency in the art of self-defence, as appears from a graphic report furnished by the " Rock- hampton Bulletin," of a personal recontre between that gentleman and Mr. Morrissett. A Servants' Home, long a desideratum, has been established in Brisbane. At an influential meet- ing of ladies and gentlemen held on Wednesday last, in the Municipal Council Chambers, the rules of the new institution were adopted, and com- mittees appointed to direct and superintend its working. A crown lands sale by auction took place on Wednesday, at the Brisbane Police Court, and several lots situated in the parishes of Oxley, Bunya,and Tingalpa were disposed of. Telegraphic communication has been two or three times interrupted during tho week, owing to severe thunderstorms. A very distressing child murder is reported from Toowoomba. The guilty party is a young servant woman named Grubb, who is now in cus- tody, but too ill for the coroner's inquest to pro- ceed. On Tuesday evening, an entertainment In aid of the Volunteer Band fund was given in the Armoury, before a numerous and respectable audi- ence. Messrs. Watson and Ling, members of the rifle corps, lectured on " Love anti War," and the band discoursed most excellent music to inspire auditors with feelings appreciative of both sub- jects. Mrs. Pettigrew and Miss Twine were thrown out of a buggy, while driving on Wickham Terrace, on Tuesday last, and the young lady sustained a fracture of the left arm. Mrs. Pettigrew was also much shaken. A seaman named Edward Cunningham filed an information against Captain Brough, of the Rock hampton, for endangering the lives of the pas- sengers and the safety of his ship while in these waters; but when the case was called on, in due course, at the Water Police Court, there was no appearance of either informant or defendant ; con- sequently the matter was dismissed. A public tea meeting, in connection with the Baptist Sunday School in this city, was given in the Wharf-street church on Tuesday evening, and was numerously attended. Mr. James Smith, ex-lessee of the South Ferry, was summoned before the Police Court for an Infringement of the Municipal Regulations, in plying for hire on the river with the steamer Premier, and carrying passengers to and from South Brisbane. Owing to an informality the in formation was dismissed. Further litigation In this matter has been initiated. The first draft, of the Queensland Co-operative Society has located on the hanks of the Mary River, where they intend to carry on cotton culti- vation. Owing to the want of a quorum, the usual fort- nightly meeting of the Brisbane Municipal Council lapsed on Monday last. 'I he accounts of the wheat crops in the Warwick district, are fur from encouraging. The rust is making liuvoo on some of tho flinns. In tho neighborhood of Toowoomba Hie caterpillar has appeared ou thc cultivated hinds. Tho cricket mitch between the Brisbane nnd Victoria Clubs was concluded on Saturday last. Tho old established club, with the local title, won with eight wickets to spare. Government have invited tenders for tho con- struction of twenty miles of railway?from Ipswich to tlie Little Liverpool Range. Publio attention is earnestly directed to the necessity for establishing nn agricultural society for thc Brisbane and East Moreton district. Eleven cricketers of Sydney have sent a chal- lenge to play sixteen of Brisbano, nnd a match iB likely to result. From November 28 to December 5. TrtB arrangements for tho Ipswich Christians Rncos appear to he very satisfactory, both ns re- gards the prizes offered and tho number of entries. A field of about thirty horses is expected to com- pete, many of them 'being now stabled and in training ut tho " west end." One advantage is, that the majority of intending competitors aro as yet untried, for no horse will be allowed to rim (except in the Free llundloap) that has won un advertised prize of £2!). A woman, named J.ino Mawhlnney, died sud- denly while in a state of drunkenness, at Ipswich, on Tuesday night. Tho programme of the Queensland Anniver- sary Itegntta inc mles eleven pulling races for tbe litt'li instant. Among tho prizes ls Mr. E. Ainu Donnell's silver cup, to be competed for by youths undor nineteen yo irs of ugo, pulling a pair of sculls, in skill's. Public interest centres in the nice for tho Princess' Cup (Government Prize) or i',1)'.), open to all comers, in first- class fuiir-our Kiga The Odd Follows of South Brisbano contemplate establishing a new lodge "over tho water." A challenge having been received from the Cricketing ;\ssoeiiition ol' New South Wides, that e'oven of the sister colony would play sixteen of Queensland, a public meeting wns held on Tues- day to consider tho desirability of accepting tito same, mid forthwith arranging that the grund in- tercolonial mutch should como oil' with becoming 'cclut.' There was a good attendance ofcrlcketers and their co-operators. The Hon. ibo Colonial Seeretiiry presided, mid nil tho preliminaries wero promptly decided upon. The committee of tnannge meut bare already taken native measures to select » cricket yrouqd, and to haye lt put in good order. Subscription-) nre invited from thc public towards inlying tho incidental expenses of tlie match. The weather during thu week hm been variable, shower.**-, wind, mid sunshine by turns; but on thc whole delightfully cool for the season. Tho ruin came timely for the farmers and market gui deners ol'the district. A dopul.atioti from tho United Presbyterian Church of Queensland presented au address to thu Governor yesterday, in reply to which his Excel- lency expressed tho Interest lie felt in the new "union," and his conlldenco in the proceedings ol' Hie church. The tobacco crop in New South'Wales and Vic- toria hus failed; and tho cause of "failure is un- known. The third annual meeting of the Philosophical Society of Queensland wits held on Tuesday even- ing in thc .Municipal Council Chamber. Thc an- nual report was read mid adopted, mid an address was delivered by Hie President, his Honor Chief Justice Cockle. A very Interesting report of Hie voyage of ll.M.S. Hecato, Captain Richards, upon thenavl gation ol our north-eastern'and northern waters, and Hie capabilities of tlie harbors on our coasts, has been published during the week) having been urnished to tho local journals by his Excellency Sir George Bowen. It is in every respect confir- matory ortho safety of tho " inner route" hythe Great Burrier and Torres Straits, natl recom- mends thu estahlishinentof a settlement nt Rock- ingham Bay j it nlso indicates several other eligible sites for towns and coaling tlepOts. With regard to the proposed semi- Imperitil settlement at Capo York, Captain Richards expresses Ids approval ol' thc site on Albany Island us "tho most judicious one that could be selected;" yet hesitites whether, al first, it is desirable to placo it on the island, which is separated from Hie mainland by a cluinnoi one-third or a milo broad.' The great libel case tried at Sydney, Scott v. Hanson and Bennett (proprietors of the 'Empire' ncwspaper), has resulted in a verdict for the de- fendants. Tho missing bout, contniniug seven of tho crew orthe Hope, whaler, which wns wrecked on Bamp- ton Shuni, has been rescued by tho Yarra Yurru, steamer. Nearly nil the castaways from both tho Hope and Hie Sporting Lass lia ve engaged on board ships in port or gone to Sydney for employment. Mr. T. P. Pugh has issued his sheet almanac for 1864\. It is even better than its predecessors. A communication lias been received iu Brisbane from Mr. George Coppin, which leads us to hope that we shall have tho pleasure or seeing Jlr. mid Mrs. Charles Kean amongst us during Hie ensuing winter. The great trage inns tiro at present in Sydney, where they have entered upon an engage- ment which promises to be ns successl'til ns that which,they have so recently concluded in Mel- bourne, and which stands unparalleled in tho re- cords of the colonial theatre. Tho,share list of Ilia Hrisbane Gas Company has received many additional subscriptions during Hie week. At the meeting of tlie Brisbane Municipal Council, on Monday last, two of tho throe newly elected aldermen" took their seats. A memo., from Mr. A. Fitzgibbon, on the corporation and government rival water schemes, wns received; and the Water Supply Committee presented their report. St. Andrew's Day was celebrated by a number of Scotia's sons and daughters,' nt a bull given In the Mechanics' Institute, on Monday evening. A publio meeting was held on Tuesday evening to consider tho best menus of raising tho fund required for the building of a new School of Arts. There was a fair iiltcndaiice, and resolu- tions were passed pledging the meeting to eo opprato with thc committee oN lie Institution hi tho furtherance Of Hie object in view. Collectors were appointed, and there is every reason lo hope Hint their exertions will result in complete success. About £4511 ls nil thnt is reqnireil I'or tho citizens to make up the £1000, which will entitle Hie com- mittee to nsk for a like sum from tho government, liust has attacked the crops iu the Warwick district | niul those in tlio ncighliorhno'l of Too- woomba mid Drayton are suffering from tho ravages of caterpillars. Tho Talgai gold-Held is developing in rich quartz. In ii mnleli shot on Saturday between tho Volun- teer Hides and Artillery, the hitler were vic- torious. .His Excellency the Governor mid Lady Bowen roturr.cl to town on Friday evening, after nn ub senceorilvo weeks in Hie western districts. Thc ulliciul declaration or tho poll far tho elec- tion of three members of the Brisbane Mnnialp.il Council was made on Saturday last. Candidates successful and unsuccessful thanked their sup- port crs j and considerable amusement was created hy'tho chagrin and unreason displayed by Messrs. Soiitlierdeii,-Markwell, and lt. Cribb, who, having hean defeated, charged everybody else with nil sorts of electioneering naughtiness, but of which nobody hut themselves appenred to bo eognizint. Air. "Markwell allowed his tongue to ung too loosely, and has been summoned before tho Police Bench for calling Jlr.' Pugh, .M.L.A., a liar. To-day (Saturday), ho npologisotl for his conduct, and tho caso was wit lidia wu. On Wednesday the Connoil of thc Queensland Acclimatisation Society held a meeting In the Municipal Council Chambers. Advices of tho shipment of some pheasants mid other gamo birds by the British Acclimatisation Society were re- ceived ; and the gift of a pair of Valparaiso ducks, by Mr. T. S. Warry, was acknowledgad. A com- mittee wns appointed to prepare a report upon Hie cost of a pliensnntry, which it is desirable to erect Tor tho reception ol' tho birds expected from Eng jiind. Another steamer has been added to the fleet on the Brisbane, Hie Diamond, from Melbourne. From December 5 to December 12. SprAitATiox Day was duly celebrated In Bris- bane Tho anniversary regatta was Hie great nttractlon tn pleasure seekers, for, besldo it, there were no public amusements; anil the several races passed off with evident satisfaction to all in- terested. Only Ilia pulling races were decided, it being arranged that the sailing matches shall bo started on another day. Our'first wool ship, tho Young Amli-alia, has received hor cargo till* week, and it is a very valuable one. We nro gratified to nota that fifty seven bales of clean cotton (17,10.1 pounds) form an important item of export by this oppirl unity. Political mid commercial circles in Sydnov uro In a somewhat confused st ito consequent upon tho proposal or tlio Martin ministry to niter the tariff in favor of what ure called " protectionist" Inter- ests. Dulles of ten per cent, mid under are to bo imposed on all imports competing with local in- dustry. At first it wan intended to include Hie produce of the neighboring colonies in tho list of dutiable nrlicles, but a subsequent modification of thc tariff leaves Hiern free. Bnshranging in New South Wales is not de- creasing, notwithstanding Hint two of Hie noted gang ol'Gilbert and Co. have been killed In tho perpetration of somo or their dovili-di atrocities. Incendiarism luis become an important part of their operations. The Queensland Horticultural Society has issued its programme af nn exhibition to be held iu Bris- bane early next mouth. There lins been another disastrous fire at Rock- hampton, by whioh three shops in one or Hie prln aipd thoroughfares woro destroyed, with a lurgo quantity of morcliaiidlso, Yesterday during Hie progress or Ilia regatta, some young men went to bathe in tho river near the Milton Bridge, und oho was unfortunately drowned. There is a report of some large " finds " on tho Penk Downs gold Held. Tho committee o( tho Brishano Servant's Homo have received nearly sufficient subscriptions lo warrant them in taking measures fer Hie opening of the new institution. A young innu, niriteil Thomas Robertson, who recently arrived iii the colony by tin* Fiery Star, was drowned on Sundi)' Int, lu n w,.tcr-hole, which he had entered fur a bath, near Ipswich The committee of the Ipswich School of Arts having culled I'or designs for a new building, have received some of a very high character from tho colonial architects. I ii'particular, one by Messrs. Cowlishaw and Taylor ls spoken of in vory com- plimentary terms liy the local newspaper. Groat complaints ure made of the inattention to their dulles ortho Brisbane Justices. A severe conflict has at last taken plnco In New Zealand. On the 20th November Hie .Maori posi- tion at liangiriri was stormed and taken by the Queen's troips. The loss on holli sides was heavy. About one hundred Jlaorics killed nnd wounded, ono hundred and eighty-five taken prisoners, with a Inrgp quantity ol'anns. On our side, three offi- cers killed and six wounded, thirty-four non-com- missioned officers and privates killed, mid one hundred and fortv-tliree wounded. The effect "f the defeat on the insurgents appears to be benefi- cial, several tribes having offered to ncgothito for a cessation of hostilities. Thc great libel action, Scott v. Hallion and Bennett (proprietors of tho Sydney "Empire") has terminated iii favor of the defendants, having occupied the attention ortho Supreme Court fur n week. It was n great expose of the condition nnd management ol' the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum, in addition to showing that n late patient, Mr. Robert Melville, had been most wruigfully con- fine I there through the misrepresentation and in- capacity nf Dr. Scott, nf Maitland. The oombiet of Slr Alfred Stephen, Chief Justice of New South Widen, before whom tho cause was tried was un? becoming a British judge, and has been soverely cem-iired by the colonial press. A boatm in attached to the Keppel Bay Pilot Station lind died suddenly, it is supposed, from coup de soliel. The accounts of Hie Munioipal Council of Rock- hampton uro in a little confusion, which, of course, causes a little agitation amongst the members. A great impisture was perpetrated ut the Bris- bane School ol' Arts on Monday evening, hy a per- son who propo-ted to lecture on physiognomy, untl read selection-from tho pouts. Ile hull no qualifi- cation for either performance, and us he declined to pay forthe hire ol' the hall as per agreement, the lights were pulout'.hy tho officers of tho Institution, mid tlie lecturer's efforts were in purt frustrated. Fortunately ibero wus a very limited audience, so that tho public disappointment was Inliuitessiinally small. At thc meeting of the Brisbane Municipal Council on Holiday, tho bridge anil waler supply questions .woroudvunccd a stage, mid u committee was appointed tu urgo np'iii the Government the necessity for forming public parks and reserves. Amongst the many city improvements proposed this la-it is an important one, aud we ure glad to find time it has not escaped the attention of the Council. Another offer by Captain Towns, to lease his steamer Premier to the Corporation, was rejected, and a motion to call for tenders fur a steam ferry wns also negatived. Tho intercolonial cricket committee hnve de- cided to prepare tho old ground nour tho Green Hills for tho forthcoming match between New South Wall's and Queensland. Tho foundation-stone of a primary school has been laid ut Gladstone. Some new ground lins been opened at tho Cal- liope diggings, which promises to turn out profit- ably for thu gold-miners. The Maryborough Munioipal Connell has been embroiling itsell' in a slight unpleasantness, nama*}', entering unauthorised upon privite pro- perty; and there is n chance or the gentlemen ol' the long robe having ii eliaiicu or packeting a heavy honorarium before it clear escapes from tho meshes ol' Hie law. A cricket match wns played last Saturday between the Victorian and Voling Queensland Chilli, in which the hitter was victorious. Arrangements huvo been initiated forgetting up a ilay's leather-plaiting amongst Hie turfites of South Brisbane. Thero was a good turn-out on Saturday after- noon at thc. Volunteer Pantile, mid both Rifles mid Artillery mustered in strength. 