FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1803. Why have the Keans not yet received «among "us tho recognition to which they have «an indisputable right? For it is no use concealing from ourselves tbo fact that they havo as yet failed to receive it ; aud the sooner this is ad- mitted, the better hopo there will be ! that the wrong done them shall bo re- prieved, and the disgrace to us of its j continuance averted. It is not that the inhabitants of Melbourne aro not a theatre-going people. -Night after night talent' immeasurably inferior to that of Mr. and Mrs. Kean has drawn crowded houseii/ and been greeted with thunders of applause. Is it that the public taste bttB become so perverted that true art is not recognized?' Can it bo that the public eye, carelessly toler.mt of {¡ils¡e art and bad taste, has become blind to the absolute living truth and perfect taste whicli characterise tho representa- tions now being given attbe Haymarket? It would seem so. Such is tho penalty nature exacts of those who tolerate her abuse. They shall not have the eye to recognize her when she stands before them in undisguised beauty and sim- plicity. 'It is only upon this theory that we are able to account for tho compara- tive apathy with which Sir. and Mrs. Kean have been hitherto received in Melbourne. But, surely, this will not last. We believe with Whately, that " men miss ".truth oftener from their indifference " about it, than from intellectual incapa " city." It cannot be but that true art and perfect taste will vindicate themselves and that thoso accomplished artists will re- ceive the meed of praise and applause they richly merit. It would, indeed, be ludi crous-were it not very sad-that talent which has entranced thc,most fastidious "in England and America should in Mel- bourne have given to it only the compa- ratively cold recognition it has yet re- ceived. We will not believe that it can be so. The opaque Beale which now dulls the eye of taste will fall oft, and tho marvellous perfection of such acting as Mr. Kean's in Louis XI, and of Mr. and Mrs. Kean's in Sir Walter and Lady Amyott, will be rewarded with the sup, port never yet denied to it. No one tiling could so disgrace us in the eyes of Europe,-few mistakes, we will venture to say, so injure our merely material prospects, as that Mr. and Mrs. Ciiakles Kean should be able to say when they le.ave us, as they cei tainly could say if they left us now, that in Melbourne only, of all places in which they have acted have the public praise and support been meagrely awarded to them. No one fact could go so far to justify the evil reports of our enemies in Lurope as that this thing should be said of us, and with truth. We hope, and we be- lieve, that our visitors will yet re- ceive such support as shall obliterate from their minds the disappointment wo can readily believe they as yet experience when they ask themselves, was it for this they came sixteen thousand miles, and left behind them audiences leady at any moment and everywhere to give them theieward of enthusiastic applause and warm sympathy 1 These, it should be remembeied, are the main, if not the sole, rewards of tho actor. The artist who writes the play, who composes the opera, who paints the picture, if he bo not rewarded now, can, if a true artist, securely trust to the future for the re- cognition of his art. Not so with the actor. Though, like the composer or the painter, he appeals to the hem t through the ear or eye, he leaves no work beliind him to vindicate his genius. His audience sits in the theatre before him. He has no appeal to that superior court, to which the others may look forward if they fail to receive justice now. Admirers may transmit to one generation some reflex ol the ch.trm the actor threw around all lie did. But his supreme judges sit before him. They deliver the judgement which cannot be reversed. Against their decree is no «appeal. The good the actor docs iu cultivating purity of taste remains behind him ; but the power by which he effected th.at good, the charm of voice, of motion, of ra pression, dies when ho dies, and can reach his successors only at second hand. The picture, the play, or the oratorio, posterity may see, read, or hoar still ; but of the actor, ¡ill that future genera- tions can leam is so much of the creation he conjures up as may. be desciibed by those who saw it, as if the picture, or play, or oratoiio, were not seen, or read, or heard, but only described by one who saw, lead, or heard it. The actor's reward comes to him now, and dies with hiin. It is the more impeiative that he should have it while it is to be had. It hence becomes a matter of duty that all who can îccognize tho true «and beautiful in art should prove their capa- city in the only way possible in the case of the artist on the stage. Let us «how ourselves capable of recognizing him when ho appears amongst us. Let it not be said of us that all we care to see, all we can appreciate, is a Pi ofessor Pdppeu with his looking-glasses, a Yankee buffoon, or aLoid Dundreary; an Oc- toroon and a Colleen B.twn, with their washy sentimentality and their " scnsa " tion scenes " Let it not be asked of us, in the words of a Satin day Reviewer, speaking of a public far off) " Has not " a stammering fop monopolized one of " our principal theatres for more than " two hundred nights? lias not a " plunge into a painted lake been " popular so long ? Aud does not now " a magic lantern prove the sole attrac " tion of a fifth-rate melodrama ?" For a JürF-RsoN as Queen Eleanor, or for the patented ghosts, to cram a theatre, while the Keans only half fill the boxes of the H.aymarket, argues a perverseness of taste which is con- temptible, or a " softening of the brain" which is pitiable. Saturday, the 10th of October, was a great day for Canowindra. On that day, there was witnessed in this small town of the New South Wales territory, a scene" without parallel in tho British Empire since Robin Hood held sway "over merry Sherwood. The tale, as told by the proud local chronicler, may serve to silence those dull souls who hold that the ago of romance is fled. The bold foresters of old are restored to us, with all their bold, romantic ways. The deeds done under the gum-tree may rival the proudest feats of the greenwood. The gentlemen of the road may vie with the outlaws of the forest ; and in the dashing Gilbekt and the agreeable-O'MEALLY, we may perceive our Robin Ho ob and our Litple John -as near to the life as the degenerate . customs of the age will admit, and quite as romantic, as chivalrous, and as fas- cinating. The last feat of our jolly outlaws is of a character so pleasant as to fill us with admiration, as much for their powers of humour as their prowess. The correspondent of the Bathurst Times is quite unsuccessful in the desperate attempt to preserve his gravity in re- cording the "bushrangers' spree." It seems that those droll dogs, Gilbert and O'Meally, with three of their band, visited the town of Canowindra, "as promised," on the afternoon of the 10th of October. The delibe rateness with which they proceeded, first to work and then to pleasure, is a striking evidence of the perfect security which the New South Wales police have contrived to maintain in that colony-for the bushranger. The five gentlemen, having put up their horses at the entrance to the town, began business by " searching every house and " person" for cash-rifling shops and stores at their leisure. Having eased the inhabitants of what limited cash was in their houses or pockets, the outlaws then adjourned to take tea at the principal hotel, with the landlords' sister and the " two Miss Flanagans." After tea, and a tune on the piano by one of the Miss Flanagans, a general invita- tion was issued to all the citizens for " a " ball," at the expense of Gilbert. The local chronicler, who was evidently one of the company, is unable to restrain his enthusiasm at the remarkable success of this entertainment. " The night's amuse " ment" is spoken of as one of the jolliest affairs which have ever taken place in that smalltown. The dancing, which com- menced at nine, was kept up, as the reporters would say, with spirit, to a late hour the next morning. It was high jinks in Canowindra. The company showed a due appreciation of the spirited conduct of Messrs. Gilbert and Co., and "not a low or improper " word" was heard during the evening, to sully the perfect success of the fête, or to wound the feelings of the Miss Flanagans. The guests were precisely in that easy condition as to their cash which made them fit to make merry coram latronibus. The richest joke of all, perhaps, was that Constable Sykes officiated as master of the ceremonies, while Messrs. Burke and O'Meally, on the part of the host, stood at the door to receive the company. In the intervals between quadrille and deux-temps, the captain of the freebooters entertained the company with the narrative of his adventures ; and " roars of laughter " greeted his accounts of how he had managed to circumvent Mr. Morissett and the police. But the happiest day must have an end. The festivities con- cluded -- the last galop with Miss Flanagan over, and Constable Sykes relieved from duty, the tired bush- rangers betook themselves, in the true spirit of romance, to their wild beds "in the paddock opposite," and after a two hours' refreshing sleep, went their way from Canowindra unmolested. Another accouut states' that the bush- rangers returned the next day to their old quarters, and for three days kept ab- solute possession of the town of Cano- windra, sticking up and making prisoners of all who passed that way. The cap- tives were treated to gratuitous grog and cigars, to more tunes on the piano, and to more dances with the Miss Flana- gans. The most entire harmony seems to have been established between the robbers and their victims. A member of the bandit band having occasion to go into the bush, found there a policeman, whom he is described as " driving before " him at the point of his carbine," until they came to the hotel, where the miser- able representative of the law was di- rected to remain " until further orders." And so wags the world with Gilbert and his merry men. The story is full of encouragement to the gentlemen of kindred aspirations, who, under favour of the Penal Servitude Commissioner.s, propose to exchange the dull routine of a garotter's life in the streets of London for the delights of bushranging under the gum-wood tree. The commissioners have told us of the reforming and refining influences of the Australian climate and Australian habits upon the British criminal ; and here we have a pregnant instance of the truth of their theory. The joyous revellers of Canowindra-the gallant knights of the Australian high-road, owe their being entirely to that fortunate accident which made their fathers tenants of a penal colony. It required but free institutions, a popular Government, and a liberal land scheme, to give full development to the felon germ on this fruitful soil And every one must own that Gilbert and O'Meally are a re- finement upon Bill Sykes and the Artful Dodger. " The New South Wales " bushrangers," says that remarkable journal, the Geelong Advertiser, "are " perfect Bayards, sans peur et sans re "proche, compared with the garotters of " the metropolis of free England." What garotter would stay at home when he can have a free passage to Australia, with the prospect of making one of the gallant army of the New South Wales Rangers -of having his manners refined and his art elevated ? Sordid must be the wretch who would prefer the precarious trade of a pickpocket in London to all the brilliant advantages offered by an exile to the felon-land. In the Supreme Court yesterday, tho assig- nees of the Provident Instituto opened a new phase of legal proceedings In that estate. Under the Winding-up Act, the Chief Com- missioner lately directed them'to apply foran order of tho Court for the final windiog-up of the estate, nnd the fixing of the various per- sons liable as contributorieî, to make good, each in his proportion, the sum hy which the assets fall short of the liabilities. It is esti- mated by the assignees that what has beon Paid, and what will yet bo paid, in dividends out of the assets will make a total dividend oflfkin the pound. Tho " oontrlbntories '' will thereforo he called on to make good the other 10s. in the pound. Of course there will arise vigorous litigation as to who shall and who shall not be placed hythe Court on the list of'coDtrlbutories." The decision of tho volunteer authorities to dispense with the Western District Volun- teer Coips han naturally enough caused a good deal of disEatKfaction in the respective localities. This was to be expected, and is, indeed, satisfactory, for it shows what value the colonists Eet upon the privilege of par- ticipating in the volunteer movement, and their high opinion of its utility. The rule is, that any volunteer corps outside those whose services have beon accepted'must be main- tained entirely at their own expense; but the Government have so far relaxed this re gulation in favour of the dibbander] cotn p»uiei- the Portland, Warrnambool, Belfast, and Mayborough rifles-as to offer Ihem aims it they choose- to continue in existence. At tbe Williamstown Police Court yester- day, before Mr. F. Cal!, P.M., Edwa-d Pren deigast, Jar. Fitzgerald, Henry P. Hopkins, E J ward Wilson, a ad Wm. M'Cormack, seamen of »ltd belonsing to the British ship Florence Nightingale, were charged by the Water Police with insubordination on bourel tho vessel, now at the Victoria Railway Pier. The three firnt-natned men were most diseirelerly, and vio- lently resisted the police when taken in cus tody. They were sontenced to four months' hard labour on board the hulks, and Edward Wilson and Wm. M'Cormack tottirei»monUi»' hard labour on board the hulks. Inspector Nicolas, who was present at the arrest of there men, charged Maik O'Connor, alto a seaman of the ship, with obstructing thu police in the execution of tbeir duty, as ho attempted to rescue thu prisoners, and was very abusive He was sentenced to three months' impiUon ment. It seems hard to shock the sympathies ot that benevolent portion of the putltc which entered so warmly into the case qf the 'brothers O'Connor, who were committed at the Criminal Sessions by his Honour Judge Williams for contempt of court, by stating that the youngest of ttieso objects of public commisération was brought up yester day at the City Court on a charge of felony. Yet such is the fact. A largo quantity ol lead was found in the possession of the pri soner O'Connor, and a lad that «as in hie company ; and as they wcro unable to explain how they became possessed of it, they wert remanded for a week. It «as stated by the police that O'Connor w^s wellknonn as a thief, and had been brought up before on similar charges. The Hon. C. V.tughan, the first Ma3 or ol Fitzroj, and present chairman of the Fitzroy Bench, is about to rec^ivo n piacticalacknow- ledgement of his Ion j services to the borough as chairman and member of the municipal couucil, and alsouas au uctivemagistiate. A meeting of thote favourable to the preseuta tton of a testimonial-portrait was held in tin council chambets ou Wednisduy evening labt at whioh Mr. J. Prince) presided, and a numbul of gentlemen of (standing m the dtttrict wert prca nt Toe feeling of the meeting tin the Bubject was unai.iaioua, for all were anxious to takepait in the movement ¡audletterstxprets inga similar spirit were received from the Hon J. P.Bc-ar, the Hon. H. Miller, Mr. T. Kidney) Mr. J. Mackenzie, Mi. II. BuwJen.andMr. J. W. Randell, who volunteered their a-sistauce. The final decision arrived at by the meeting was, that a full- length porlrait should b¿ tukeu of the Hon. 0. Vaughan and presented to him, I the coat being defrayed by public subscrip- tion: A committee, of which Dr. Hadden was treasurer, and Mr. H P. Eergio tccrotary, was foimed, and activo exertions to procure co-operation are designeii._ The adjourned revisirm court for the elec- toral division of East Melbourne, for the re- vision of the ¡supplementary electoral li-ta, wai held jester.lay, at the City Couit, when the roll was passed without any alteration. A ittlegram from Duoolly informs us that the "great jumping cate," on the Northum- brian Reef, referred to in Ike Argus a few days ago, was decided yefcterdny, by Mr. Worden Orme.againt-t the " jumpers." At Bniuswifk PoIicj Couit yesterday, a man named Dunn was fined 20a. and 6». costs, for depositing stone on the road. It appear! that carters, on leaving the quarries, bring up a half-load on to good roads, and then return to the quarries for more scone. The practice having become a dangerous nuisance, the nia gislrates have determined on putting a stop toit. By tho City of Melbourne, which arrived at an early hour this morning, we have Sy Iney papera to the 20th ii>s,t. She bringa among her passengers Major Hall and the Victorian Rifle Championa. There were a numbtr of ca'cs disposed of at the Sandridge Polico Court yesteiday, but none of them were of ntiy general interest. Win. Robson, on remaud ftom Monday, charged with stealing a battle of ginger-wine, valued at 3s., the property of Charles C. Sharp, hotelkeeper, was seilt to gaol lor twenty-four boura. Elizabeth Mathison, Elizabeth Toyne, and Ann Goddman, all rather notorious characters in Sandridge, were sent to gaol for three months ; the first two for having no apparent lawful means of support, and the third for keeping a dis- orderly house. Thomas Reynolds, an old offender, and an associate of these females, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, for having no lawful means of support. He was also suspected of having stolen a coat from one Thomas Enoch. Amonttst the otbor cases-mostly small debt ones- disposed of were a charge and countercharge of assault. Tho parties lived not far from each other, and tho assault?, of a trilling nattiro, were the results of a paltry quarrel among-it them- selves. Mr. Call, P.M., Dr. Plummer, and Mr. Stewart were the presiding magistrates. We havo to acknowledge the receipt of 10s. Gd. from Messis. P. Falk and Co., on behalf of Mrs. nir.-thfield, in whose case Mr. Hackett« P.M., is kindly exerting himself, and who begs us to acknowledge a conttibutlon of £1 to tho fund from " T. T." A change is to he made for the ensuing year iri the targets used for the musketry instruc- tion of tho Volunteer Force. At present, the old-fashioned target, with circular divisions, is fired at ; while in all matches the Wimbledon target, with square divisions, and a different Bystem of registering, ia adopted. This dif. feronce has led to a great deal of inconve, nience and confusion, and it is intended te secure uniformity for the future, by adopting the Wimbledon target. At the same time, the shooting to qualify for the different classes if to bo of precisely the same Value as it was before. Fine calculation s are required to ascer- tain tho difference the change from round te square divisions involves in the worth of the scoring, but a complete return is now beinj prepared. The inhabitants of Brunswick lost ovenini assembled in public meeting, and adopted i short petition to the Queen against the re newal of transportation to Western Ans tralia. A large audience, numbering about 70 porsonB, attended last evening at St. George'e hall to hear a lecturo from Mr. W. Vuzl Simons, on " The Biead wo Eat." The Hon Richard Heales had promised to take th chair, but being unable to attend, a letter wa read explaining the causes of his absence, ani Mr. Gavan G. Brown presided in his plací As might have been expected, from tho pre vious reputation of the lecturer, an interestin and instructive lecture was delivered, cor raining a most useful recapitulation r. the results of modfrn chemistry havin bearing upon the subject The const tutive clements of bread, tho dlfferei forms it has assumed in different agi and countries, were thoroughly explaincd tracing it fiom the primitive "dampei through the forms of leaventd bread, bree fermented by means of yeast, the dietet bread of Dr. Whiting, the mechanical lightened bread of Stebous, to the aérate bread as made according to the process of 13 Dauglish, ' The advantages of econotn cleanliness, and wholesomenecs, possessed 1 tho latter system, wore fully dwelt upon, ar reference was made to the company formed to Tnniiufaeture bread under the patent of Dr. Duugliah in this colony. The re- port of the directors of the London Aerated Breid Company was read by the chairmun. At his termination, a vote of thanks, propored by Mr. Gurlick, Mid seconded hy Mr. Matthews, wa j awarded to Mr. Simons for his inf< re«tirg lecture ; and one, proposed hy Mr. Mithewg, and seconded by Mr. Hux t*ble, was given to the chairman for pre- siding. A handsome seedling rose of the present year has hoon named the " Sir Chatlts Dar- ling," bj the grower, Mr. T. Johnson, of Haw- thorn. The rose thus entitled is a cross be- tween the Eugene Apport and the General Jacqueminot, and is a fine sp cimeti both ol tho gard.ner's art and the floral capabili- ties of tbo colony. The second parade of the Carltrn Rifle Company under its new organization took place yest'rday. Tho total muster was lol men, a most (satisfactory attendance. C îptairj /Radcliffe was in command ; and the style in which the^volutims ho oideied wer« executed fhowed how enersetically tho re cruite aro ptoceeding with their work. Tbc company's parade day bos been altered, and in futui o the men will assemble on Thursdays, ot a quuiter to six o'clock. The match between the first eleven* of the Melbourne and Knst Melbourne Ciickel Clubs will be continued-weather poimittint -upi/n tbo Melboum-3 Ground to-morrofl afternoon. Should the day be fine, the com bined attiactions of good cricket and gooc music are expected to tempt a largo numbai of promenade» to the groun'l. The band wil play the following selection : "vor ure-" Itiliouno In Algérie" Tiiiíinl. Quctiii'ii Waltz .Chs. D'Altoit. Arl», from Martha.Klo'osr. Gsl)D.GuiigM. Ovirturo-"Tanc-redl" .. .. R.»mnl. Dint-"No-m.".llolliul. Calecíiiiiiiis-Killnliurgll.. .. Ch« D'Alb"rt. 0\\..r'nrc-." Peihftrilaii »sill" .. Ililfn Duel-.« Mirltsim" . .. WAllace. Soldier»' Polk.» .Chs. U'Alber!. Du«t-"II Trnvatoro" .. . Verdi JP.oijhot (¡eudriilo .. .. Chs. L'Albert. To morrow, alio, the Richmond Club play on its own ground with the Malvern- hill Clul its first mulch of the season. The Richmom first eli vein this j ear will be moro than tole rably Btron?, including, a«t it doev, sucl players bs Elliott, Brodie, Huddlestone, an< Hewitt; omi once more it will take the fiel under the experieic^d captaincy of Mr. i Mortimer. Among the other arrangement for the half-holiday is a malch between th South Yat ra anti Coast Clubs at Sout Vnrrn. The third lecture of a stius which is King delivered by Mr. 'J'. P. Hill, on the "Ma- nagement of the Human Voice in Reading and Speaking," was give-n at the Town-hall« Piahran, last eve-ning. The particular sub jecta of disquisition in tho hcturo were, the lights and hhades of speech, na reflected in'the waves aud slides of the voice ; and the obser \atioos of the ltctuier weio enforced and illustrated by readings from Scripture, from Dickens'» Tale of Tico Cities, and from the Pickwick Papers. The peroration from Curran's famous oration in defence of Archibald Hamilton Rowan was eiTecliwly declaimed by Mr. Hill during the evening. At the Prahran Police Court yesterday, be- fore the Mayor, and Mr. J. Mason, .I.P., -Mary Handlon, chaiged with committiiig a theft from a but.her'a i-hop, was suit to prison for forty-eight hours ; and IlichaidTrtnowiih, for a-saultins a railway potter, and obstructing him in ihu discharge of his duly, at the Gar- diner's Cnek-road Railway Station, Mas fined £&, or a month'B imprisonment. A most barbarous murder, committed at Woodstock, near Epping, on Wtdneiday last, forms the subject of an inquest reported in another column. It seems, so far as tho par- ticular!) have been elicited by the .inquiry, that Elizubeth Beckimnie, the wi'e of a dairy farmer, living at Woodstsck, was found on the evening (if Wednesdoy lying dead in her house, with her throat cut, aDd the body horribly mangled. There wero two weapons mentioned at the inquest, which seemed to bave been made use oi in the pcrpttiation of the act-a hug«t butcher's knife, and a toma- hawk, the latter being produced all covered with blocd, in the state in which it wai found concealed under a sofa in the house. From thedetnilsofthepo!i-mor/t?OTexaminatioii,made by Dr. Barker, it appears that the head of the deceased was literally hacked to pieces. No- thing, that was given in the evidence yet pro- duced t« nds to cast any light on the person of the murderer, and the inquiry was adjourned till Menday next, the husband of.the de- ceased being detained in custody pending the result. An anti-traii"poitation meeting was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald- hill, last evening. There was not a very large attendance The mayor occupied the chair, Resolutions condemnatory of the recommen- dation of the English commi-slonera, and a petition to bo transmitted to Her Majesty on thesubjict, were adopted. The Melbourne correspondent of the Otr«j; anti Murray Advertiser gives us the following ecinp of news: "A.. Kytc, Uki., M.L.A. gives tho whole of his influença to the Royal as It is ananged that he will shortly assumi the position of father-in-law to Mr. Sul livan." Special notice is given that the entries foi the forthcoming show of the Port Phllii Farmern' Society will positively close on Mon day, the 2nd November. . A brigado oidor notifies that no appoint ment under the rank of captain, either a commissioned or non-commissioned officer, ii the Volunteer Foice, will be made until afte i/jo regulations of the Governor in Council 01 this head aie promulgated. mantling cotp3 are iu the meantime author ¡zed to make acting appointments, as non commissioned officers, in their corps. The tarlton Rifles will parado this evening at half-past soven o'clock, and on Monda; at tho same hour. The last special drill, fo this month will ba on.Thuraday morning, at quarttr to six, which will b3 commandinfj officer's parade. A- meeting of the Melbaurne and Nott Melbourne Rifles will he held, in the Exh'lb tion-buildiiig, «at eight.o'clock, this evenin) to frame rules and for other bus'ness. The drama of " Belphegor " was played las evening at the Theatre Royal. The cast t tho principal characters was as follows : Belphegor. Mr. Charles Dillon; Madelin Mis. C. Dillon; Henri, their Eon, Miss Ear] Duke do Monttmon, Mr. Lambert ; Chevalii du Rollac, Mr. Fitzgerald ; tho Vicom Hercule, Mr. ' Irelaud ; Count de Blagn Mi. Chapman; Fanfaronade, Mr. C. Younf. D'Arpignon, Mr. Gladstone; Grelu, Mr. \ Andrews ; Ziphyrlno, Miss Roec Edouii and Catherine MÍ68 Naylor. Brforo ti curtain rose, Mr. Ireland como forward upt the stn;e, aud aunounccd that so late ; seven o'clock, a letter had been received fro Mrs. R. Heir, who had previously been st fciing from a severe cold, staling that b'. would be unable to perform that evenin and ho held in his hand a medic certificate, stating that Mrs. Heir was t indisposed to make it prudent for h to come to the theatre. Mr. Ireland al slated that at a voiy short notice, M C. Dillon had uudeitaken to play t pair, an announcement which was ve well received. Mr. C. Dillon has ecvei times appeared in Melbourne in his nt celebrated impeisonatioa of Belphegor, the mountebank; and it will not surprise the p'nygoerwho may now see him for the first time in this character, to be informed that Mr. Billon has played Belphegor many hun- dred times with uniformly great success wherovtr the íepresentation has been given. It ia certainly a forciblo delineation of character, full of points, and the proba- bility is that Mr. Dillon will play Bd phegor' twice aB often as he has yet doLe. The other characters wore well sus- tained, and their representatives p'nyed well together throughout. It is really in- vidious to mention any ¡ but Mrs. Dillon's Madeline, Mr. C Young's Fanfaronade, 'and Miss Eurl's Henri, stand out more pro-ni n'titly1, inasmuch ni they ocenpy a largehpace in the recollection. Mr. C. Young's Fanfaro- nade was true to nature, and full of fun. Mr. Dillon's benefit will take place this even- ing,' when he will appear in Belphegor, and Rover, in "Wild Oa's." The new entertainment which Mr. Love has produced at the Polytechnic Institute proves emite as successful as the one he first appeared in. The dia'o:ue is lively, and is trippingly delivered ; and the introductions of characters to be met with during the " Lon- don season" enables Mr. Love to display his vocal and ventrlloquial abilities in a favour- able light. The impersonations given include all sorts and conditions both of men and women. In the change of costume Mr. Love is unusually dexterous ; all his mnkes up are good : and in somo of the character«, such as Lady Idly ta wk, Ben Billows, arid the London cabman, no mean degree of humour is mani- fested. Dioramic views of London scents accompany the representations ; and tho whole entertainment appears to find favour with the patroui8ers of the institute. 