THE ANNUAL ADDRESS OF THE AUSTKALASIAN WESLEYAN CONFE RENCE TO THE MKMBEKS OF THE WESLEYAN CHUKCH IX AUSTRALASIA AND POLYNESIA. Dearly Beloved Brethren-In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the unity of the Spirit, we send forth to you, from our Ninth Annual Assembly, our affectionate and fervent. salutations. drace be unto you and peace, from Him which is, and which was, and which is to come-, and from the seven Spirits which are hefore His throne; and from Jesus Christ, who is the Faithful Witness, and theFirst- begotten of the dead, and the Prince of the kings of the earth.' We ask you, dear brethren, tt) join with us in hearty thanksgivings to God our Father, that of His abundant goodness He has preserved and sustained us 'thro another various year.' From this stage of earthly pil grimage our grateful songs shall ascend to Him who 'hath done all things well.' His holy name he praised: 'Bless the Lord, O' our 'soul, and forget not all His benefits; who forgiveth all' our 'inmuities; who healcth all' our 'diseases; who redeeineth' our 'life from destruction; who crowneth' us 'with lovingkindness and tender mercies !' The long continuance of goodness and mercy towards us not only calls for ceaseless songs of praise, but fills our hearts with encouragement and hope. We have greater cause than ever to rely upon the truth and faithfulness of God. We have seen— we sluifl see His salvation. In sending forth to you our Annual Pastoral Address, we are reminded of the peculiar relation ship existing between us and you. -We are one people. Ours is a united pastorate. Not confined to one particular congregation of Christ's people, our cares and hopes, our prayers and efforts, extend over the whole Australasian Wesley an Methodist Church. We esteem this, our Connexional ?Ministry. It is a very honourable one. We 'magnify' our 'office.' We are not, however, the less sensible of the deep and solemn responsi bilities of our position. We ' wr.teh foryour souls, as they that must give account.' 'For now we live if ye stand fast in the Lord.' The duty of writing to you from Conference, 'on things that accompany salvation,' is ever welcome and grateful to us ; the more so from the confidence we have that our counsels and cautions are prized by you. You receive them as proofs of our interest in your well-being. You want not the assurance from us that 'our heart's desire and prayer for' you ' i3 that ' you ' may be saved.' We ask you, dear brethren, to rejoice with us, that God is still graciously pleased to bless our labours. We 'have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain.' Some of our circuits have been visited with copious 'showers of blessing,' and many souls have been converted. Our total in crease is but small comparatively; and we feel humbled on this account. Doubtless had we, preachers and people, lived nearer to God; had we continued 'instant in prayer;' had we been more holy, and earnest, and faithful, our numerical progress would have been much greater. But we are uy no means discouraged. The annual losses of the Church, by deaths, removals, and liack slidings, are very great. It is therefore matter for thankfulness that, after filling up all vacancies, we record a clear increase to our numbers of 1,7--8 and 7,527 on trial. Our Church members in several of the mission districts who have steadfastly maintained their piety during a long period of severe trial and discouragement, attendant upon the political troubles and dis turbances of their country, have a large share in our sympathies. We earnestly commend them to the care and blessing of God. May they have on 'the panoply of God. that they may be able to .withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand!' We rejoice that, in some districts at least of our unnnexion, uou is raising up a succession ot suitable agents for carrying on His work in the world. Our hearts would be sad indeed if In our own Churches, among our own people, there were not to be found pious, earnest, devoted young men, ' whose hearts God had touched,' who were will ing to sacrifice everything for Christ's sake and the Gospel's ; to be employed wherever God and His Church might please to send them. This melan choly reflection, we are thankful to say, is not ours. From our colonial Churches two candidates have lieen accepted by this Conference, on probation, and sent out into the general work. On our mission stations, too, it rejoices us to find the highly in teresting hand of native assistant ministers year by year increasing. We look upon these our native brethren and fellow-helpers with deep in terest and' with unfeigned delight. They will effectually aid in the evangelization of the yet re maining heathen among the people entrusted to our care. You will mourn with us the loss we have sus tained in the removal by death oi two of our fellow labourers in the harvest-field. One dear brother, who, from his eminent talents and noble qualities, occupied a front position during the few years of his sojourn among us — 'whose praise is in the Gospel throughout all the churches'— after a long enforced retirement from his beloved employ, in increasing debility and suffering, yet in patient submission to the will of God, has laid his weary body down, and entered into rest. Another, whose opening ministry gave rich promise of years of Ituitfulness, has faded away in early spring. We 'sorrow not even as others which have no nope.' The loss is ours. Theirs is an infinite and eternal gain. We rejoice in the recollection of tbeir dying testimony to the power and sufficiency of Divine dJrace. '0 may we triumph so When all our warfare's past; And, dying, find our latest foe Under our feet at last!' We thankfully recognise the increased numbers ami the growing efficiency of our Iny brethren, ami fellow-workers in the Lord's vineyard. We are more than ever satisfied that our Church organiza tion is of God. Our hosts of intelligent, zealous, and devoted lay-helpers efficiently assisting to sus tain and supply our Church services and institu tions are enabling us to extend our efforts over a much Trider space than we otherwise could Our local preachers, leaders, stewards, trustees, Sabbath and day school teachers, prayer-leaders, tractdis tributors, and visitors of the sick are of very great service and value to the Church. We pray you, dear brethren, to think of them with affection, llemember them in your prayers. They are worthy of honour. Do not slight them or despise their ministrations. Let them not be discouraged by your absence from the services they may have to conduct. Our dear brethren, of whom we speak, will re joice with us in the present satisfactory condition of the Churches, to which their own labours have very materially contributed; and they will join with us in a fresh consecration of all we have and are to the service and for the glory of God. With a richer baptism of grace upon our souls, let us go forth— 'To embrace tne nappy ton, God lias to each assigned; And while we do His blessed will. We bear our heaven about us still.' And now, dear brethren, as is our wont, we pro ceed to address you on the important subject of personal religion. 'Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith ; prove your own selves.'* Be lieving, as we do, the Scripture truth that our final perseverance is conditional, the duty of self-examination is one of pressing ne cessity. 'To our own safety, our own se dulity is required.' ' For if our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart, and knoweth all things. Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then have we confidence towards God.' Turn, then, your thoughts inward. You rememlier well the happy day when your troubled soul found rest in Christ; when your 'hearts' were 'sprinkled from an evil conscience ;' when you heard in your inmost soul the Spirit's cry 'Abba, Father;' and when ' the love of God' was shed abroad in your hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given to us. Oh! how intensely joyous was your emotion, How your heart swelled, your bosom burned with Joye and gratitude to Jesus! Suffer us, dear brethren. Are you as happy now as then ' Have ?you grown in grace .' Religion is progressive. Do you 'hold on' your 'way' with 'the right eous,' and with Iiiin of ' clean hands' become ''stronger autjl stronger?' Can you. say re joicingly with the Apostle, 'now is our galvatiou nearer thin when we believed?' Does the Holy Ghost 'with clearer light his witness bear; more sensibly within you live.'' -\hat would 'He' say 'that holdeth the seven stars in His right hand, who wnlketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks .'' Would it not be 'I have somewhat against thee, because thou hast left thy first love.' , . , , „ _. . , Has your religion i-een fruitful! Tins people have I formed for myself; they shall show tonh iny praise.' 'Herein is my Father glorified that ye bear much fruit.' 'I have ordained you that ye should go and brins forth fruit.' ' Ye nave your fruit in holiness.' Has this great em! of your conversion been answered '. - -ur Church is a witness ' to the .Scripture doctrine of entire Banctincation. We believe the attainment of that high and holy blessing to l« possible, desirable, necessary. It is our privilege, our duty to 'follow holiness, without which no .-man can see the Lord.' Are we living in the enjoyment of this full salvation, this perfect love? Does 'the very God of peace sanctity' us ''wholly?' Have we the happy confidence — ?*- Herein is our love made perfect; because as He is, so are we in this world :' ' Have we not rather, jn our meditations and prayers, forgotten this great Scripture requirement ' suffered this precious article of our faith to become almost a dead letter? So we earnestly pray, long for, 'hunger and (hirst after' this perfect ' righteousness?' Enquiries such as the preceding may possibly humble us, and make us feel our nothingness and emptiness before God. They will be the more beneficial. It behoveth us to lie low in the dust before Him who is ' of purer eyes than to behold evil, and 'cannot' look upon iniquity.' Especially should we so prostrate ourselves in His presence, in view of our shortcomings and blackslidings. Humility is a choice grace of the Holy Spirit. Many and precious are the promises for ' the poor In spirit,'* the 'meek and lowly in heart.' In oTder to our spiritual improvement, let us diligently and carefully use all those means of grace with which we are so highly favoured. ^Sweet intercourse with God' is a most valuable helper to piety. ' When thou prayest enter into thy closet. It is said by those who know us not, Methodists live too much in public; that we frequent the public ordinances, more particularly the lively services of our Church, to the neglect of private devotion and searching the Scriptures. We believe that tins is a calumny. Certainly his reunion will be very superficial who does not daily wait upon God in secret. In his case there will be no intelligent vital piety. Let. nothing break in upon your hallowed now of retirement. Have at hand, if possible, in your closet, with your Bible and hymn-book, a few of those blessec biographies which enrich the literature o our body. A few pages from the lives of holy men and women who hare gone be fore us to heaven will stimulate our devotional feelings, aid our faith, and promote cw spintu&j; irofit. We shall come forth from our retirement better prepared for the battle of life. We would counsel you to ' show piety at home.' Let your family see in you an example of the excellency and power of religion. Do not, we pray you, keep all your Cuistian suavity and courtesy for your out side friends. ' Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ loved the Church. ' Wives, submit your selves to your own husbands as unto the Lord/ 'Children, obey your parents in the Lord. 'Fathers, bring up your children in the nurture and admonition of the Lord.' Use the authority you have to preserve your children from smrul amusements, such as dancinc and the like. ser vants, be obedient to them that are your masters, according to the flesh.' 'Masters, give unto your servants that which is just and equal.' io help you in the fulfilment of these duties we trust you are in the daily habit of family prayer. Let, not, we entreat you, the cares and anxieties of iiiiMiieai prevent your regular attention to this wholesome duty. Lessons liave been there learnt by children and servants, which have been of lasting benefit. We urge upon you a regular and punctual atten dance on all the ordinances of the saneniar). ' should lie a rule with us, if we have the i oppor tunity, to attend the public service twice c tr\ Lord's Day. Let us be careful to be there 'time. Some are habitually late, and their wbU b and fellow-worshippers are pained and 'I'*''* ! Jj- them. This Is highly unbecoming to Him who^e louse and service it is. It is very unkinu to our SSuaf feifow Shipper. Fa jl not to r e,.uent the table of the Lord, in obedience 1 u? - ng command, and in testimony otvourfelo»=him 'the communion ol saints.-'. \ou *i °**gto attend the week-night services. \ our V;?..1^ studv, on those occasions espeei ally, the e d fj ing and comforting of believers. By coming together to the week-nfght sermon, you encourage the mi nister and gain profit to yourselves. . The class meeting is one of the greatest helps and incentives to personal religion. \\\ e . »«e Scripture authority for the practice. It . u- oi e of the bulwarks of Methodism. It has been an unspeakable blessing to multitude*. All who have reaped beneht there cannot discontinue their attendance without | «s. 'Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together' in this weekly communion, to the manner of some is.' let us 'exhort one another, 'confess' our 'faults one to another and praj one for another, that we may be healed, l ou perhaps think it a privilege to be accounted a \\\ es eyau Methalist. Bear in mind that none are members with us who do not meet in class, it is not likely that so prudential, so salutary a regua tion, will be ever altered. Our prayer meetings de serve more regard than they too frequently obtain. They are a never-failing index to the spiritual state of the Churcli. You desire the pros perity of the Church. It would greatly delight you to witness the 'soul- converting: power in tlie sanctuary. Come, then, in numbers to the social prayer meeting. Let those who conduct these meetings study to promote their efficiency. .Let the singing lw appropriate aud lively— the prayers short, fervent, importunate. We would reeom mend a more careful observance of the quarterly fast-days of the Methodist Calendar. Keep in view their special design -the helping of your snul in its approach to God. We have a firm persuasion that great spiritual prosperity would follow tlw better observance of these days of humiliation and prayer. With confidence would we cry, Inpu shalt arise and have mercy upon Zwa; for ^ the time to favour her; yea, the set time is come. Need we call your attention to the Divine law. 'Kemember that you keep holy the Sabbath day.' Guard, dear brethren, ' the day of sacred rest' from all violation. Observe it yourselves, and enforce its observance in your household with scrupulous care. In this 'day of trouble, and of rebuke, and of blasphemy,' it Iwhoveth the wit nesses for God to give a decided testimony on this matter. 'Let your light shine before men. Avoid all travelling in vehicles plying for lure, all railway travelling, and all unnecessary work whatsoever on God's holy day. The rules of society are sufficiently explicit on the subject of tempe rance. Observe them. Be 'temperate in all things'— in meats and drinks, in words and tempers. 'The grace of God bringeth salvation,' teaches us that ' we should live soberly.'' . We add a few words of counsel as to your civil and business relations. It is the riyht and duty of every citizen to avail himself of all the privileges which the constitution of his country gives him. 'Seek the peace of the city' in which you dwell, 'for in the peace thereof shall ye have peace.' You will, however, not fail to remember that the Church of your choice is a religious Iwdy. w e are not associated for political or party purposes. Our Church organization is not to be used for simply political ends. As members of the liody politic, exercise your rights for the well-being of your country, and for the glory of God. Assist by your vote and influence tlie candidate for public office who shows he has the 'fear of God' before 'his eyes,' who reverences the Bible, the Sabbath, and the sanctuary, hut 'our conversation is in heaven ;'*we cannot, therefore, cho se to mingle needlessly with the unholy throng in political partisanship, debate, and strife. You who are engaged in business, especially in the larger cities, have as competitors, perhaps, some who in their eager desire to get wealth are unscrupulous as to the means (hey employ. ' He tliat hasteth to be rich hath an evil eye.' 'Be not ye like unto them.' Protest by an unwavering, unswerving, unimpeachable integrity against all crooked and underhand dealings, \ouare 'watched by the world's malignant eye; they are ever ready 'to load you with reproach and shame.' Let them see that you are what your fathers were, ' a proverb of reproach and love.' Have 'your con versation honest among the Gentiles.' Let us all live in daily expectation of our solemn future. ' Seeing that all these things shall be dis solved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness f 'Now' we 'beseech you, brethren, for the Lord Jesus Christ's sake, aud for the love of the Spirit, that ye strive together with' us 'in your prayers to God for' us— 'That' we 'may come unto you with joy, by the will of God, aud may with you be refreshed. Now the God of peace be with you all. Amen!' THOMAS PUDDLE, President. JAMES BICKFOKD, Secretary. The number of members and ministers is as follows :— I. Members, Districts. Jg. Kr. S S New Syuth Wales ... 4,170 4.2S1 111 — Victoria ... ? 5.909 £009 100 - South Australia ... 3.120 3,280 151 - Western Australia ... 112 120 S — rasmania ? 941 1,036 92 — Auckland ? 1,497 1,580 83 - Wellington... ... ... 731 714 - 17 Friendly Islands ... S,5(U 7,954 — 610 Fiji Islands ? 11,251 13,101 1,850 — Totals. ? 30,307 3S.075 2,31(5 027 Increase of members in the colonies ... 4(2 Do. do. do. missions ... l,:J0*i Net increase of members ...... ? 1,708 On trialformembership— In the colonies 1,297 Do. do. In the missions 6,230 Total ? ... ? 7,527 IL Ministers akd Preachers on Trial. till „. Districts. Ministers. 2 g =?'£ '§ __ ? i!^!A Sydney ? 15 3 3 21 Bathurst ? 5&las.;mis.4 — 1 7 Maitland ? tS&las.;inis.»5 — - 7 Goulbum ? 3 — 2 5 Queensland ? 2 114 Melbourne ? 12-5 17 Geelong and Ballarat 10 3 0 19 Castlemaine and Sandhurst ? 10 — 3 13 South Australia ... 15 — 4 19 Tasmania ? 11 — — 11 Western Australia ... 1 — — 1 Auckland ? 11 2 1 14 Wellington ? ... 7 — . 1 8 Friendly Islands ... 4 — 3 7 Samoa... ... ... ... 1 — 2 3 Fiji ? ... 7 - 6 13 122 ] 9 38 1(59 IDT. Native Assistant Missionaries in New Zealand, the Friendly, Samoa, and Fiji Islands ? 44 Total ... ... ... ... ... 213' 