Mr?nnr.T\Tt} T\r pnr.A,vn (From the liconomht) The strongest thing .vstiong power can do, is, not unfrequently, nothing. To held your hand resoluiely is a much greater proof of strength than to trifle with an obstacle . you do not pretend to he able to move. There is an unfortunate illusion in the diplomatic world, that a "great** power i* b>und to write notes, and present protests, and offer suggesions, even when it has no wish or intention, or perhaps power, to follow up the suggestions by actions The debate on Monday night in the House of Lords giveB some reason for anxiety Jest we should bo pursuing this policy at the present moment in Poland. Lord Russell'* statement came to this, that we aro making suggestions to Russia for jcar it should he thought that wa have no suggestions to maket but that \vq are not offering suggestions in the value of which even we cau genuinely believe, hecause We c«n not recommend anything Teally good consis tently with the treaty of Vienna, which is our only diplomatic locus standi Hence Lord Rus sell practically admits that for fear of doing no thing, he is taking his stand on a false position to try and effect something which he dues not even venture to think likely to be substantially rnd permanently beneficial to the Poles. " We *re attempting, iu fact, to inaugurate again the very series of mistakes which has led to the »reaent agony of Poland, in order to remedy he results in which they have issued. Lord llenOorougli only spoke out the conviction of Imost every educated politician wlu-n he said aat the treaty we entered into concerning f'oland was one which, by the nature of things, *»uld not be carried out,—which necessarily ed to a despotic nullification of the constitution on the one side, and to disappointed hopes and revolution on the other* To Attempt to iuaul&ti; a piece of a despo'ic monarch's dominions for the expeiimeut of constitutional government, is in itself like at'emptins to squan the circle Not. only is it imposeable for a gnat despot, accustomed to implicit obedience throughout the larger part of bis territory and with full military powers at his disposal, to make up his mind that in a given small area he will permit hitr.self to be counselled and thwart ed and overruled,—but even if that were pos sible, it would be impossable to effect this purpose without rtnderir.g it absolutely necea s.iry to include larger and larger sections of the Empire within the free limits. In this case, Poles by blood and political tradition, though included in "Russia, hem in Congress Poland on every hide, and it would of course have been Bimple madness to keep them undrr the despotic Russian regimet while their bre'hren and friends on the other side of an invisible line wtre in possession of full constitutional rights This was a doomed political experiment from the very first moment of its conception—an experiment from which no rational man could have enter tained hopes of success. To reiterate it, as we seem inclined to do, is to return to the cause, because we are disgusted with the effect. And if statesmen go on in this way, the Vienna con tract, the Russian infraction of Polish revo lution, and European interference restore the useless contract, will become periodic and recur time after time, like what the mathematicians call perpetually recurring decimals 1 his would be foolish, as well as cruel to the Pole- ;.but the means by which we may he com p- lied to proceed if we persevere in this track, may prove to be much more cruel than the end itself that we have in view. Lord Russell ad mitted tiru th» first s?ep to be taken would be to recommend an armistice to both parties while the negotiations are going on. Now, what would an armistice mean ? To the Russians it would mean simply that the troops they have sent int • Poland should take up their quarters for a time in permanen* positions, and wait for further orders, ie the termination or the breach of the armistice. Russia, at all even's, could employ her ti«v.e m- st advantageously for h*r, in massing more troops on the other Bide of the frontier, pushing forward the conscription, preparing arms, and in every way gelling ready the harness for effective war. The Government could ensure that her armies did not act till it ordered them to act, and that they should be ready to act when it did. The Poles, on the other hand, could do nothing of this sort. 'J here is a Bort of central authority in Poland, though what and where it is no one knows. If even that authority could be got to order nn armistice, it is clear that as the re sponsibility would rest on no one, it might at anytime withdraw its. order without casting a s'ain on any recognised power, of Europe. It is 6imply idle to talk of dealing with a secret com mittee as a diplomatic power,— you might as well diplomathe wi'h tlie fairies, or impose terms on a ghost. Russia would not of course deal with such r body as that, and as there is no other cental power at all, and no general has any authority from the Polish people, it is per ftc'ly certain that an arrr.i3tice, if entered into at all with the generals, and even if respected at all, would be liable to continual infractions from the various bodies in arms in diff rent parts of the kingdom, which would just have this effect—to leave the Russiana entirely ai liberty when to comider the armistice broken, —a point on which, no doubt, they would simply consult their own military convenience. So f*r, the only possible effect of nn armistice would be to give a nnvr. and enormous a Wantage to the -'powerful combatant in thi* unequal strife. " But there is a worse result than this. ... If the f Polish autho rities were induced by English representations to attempt an armistice, that armistice would not involve for them delay, but absolute sub | mission. They might think otherwise, but a ! popular revolution can no more arrest itself than boiling water stop boiling—exccpfc on condition of cooling down so as to lose all the chance of rising again to boiling point xt a given signal, j An organised army may be h*ld in leaBh,—but1 the very essence and condition of a popular ferment is to keep up the fermentation:—l»t ouce the mood of action, die away in the people, and you can no more revive it at a moment's notice than restore the ardour cf passion with which a pursuit ouco laid aside was origi nally begun. If anything could he absolutely fatal to the Polish c:iu*ct it would bo to persuade them now to desist, pending a European negotiation Well would Rus?ia know that if once the revolution languished even for a month the original energy of the flime could not be rekindled. And how can Kngland even affect to be ju<t in asking such a sacrifice, if 6he is not prepared herself to guarantee Poland agai:<Bt the results ? Lord Russ 11 tells us, what we all know, that no English atateman is pre pared to accept the awful responsibility of a European war,—that whatever we do mean in these negotiations, we do not mean to go to war for any point raised in them. Well then, here we are prepared to ask Poland, on the Btrength of what we are doing for her diplomatically, to lay aside the terrible but only weapon that can poB>ibly be effective in her hands, and yet not prepared to sacrifice any thing whatever as a nation to avert the certain conse quences of such a step to Poland. It is impossible to conceive a less worthy course. , We are persuading Poland to an . act of suicide for the sake of a solution which at the best we know to be an impossible solution of the Polish question, and which might easily result in the complete re-conquest of Poland, and we ourselves profess our resolu tion of sitting still, if we cannot effect our ob ject with Russia by persuasion, and taking no part in the consequences that must ensue. Is it credible that the British Grwerment, with its' eyes open, could run into so gigantic a blunder, so.terrible an injustice to the unfortunate people we profess to aid, aB this ? Three Deaths from Ligutxixg—On Wednesday last Mr Weller, a shopkeeper in Glyde, a small village in East Sussex, accompanied by his wife and another female, went to Brighton, about eleven miles distance, in a light cart, to transact some business. On their return in the evening, they were overtaken by the severe thunderstorm that prevailed for several hours, and it is supposed that the cart was struck by the electric fluid, and the three inmates almost iustantaneou'.ly killed, as their lifeless bodies were discovered that same evening by a person who was returning from Olyde to Lewes.—G>»bet 26th June. Emigration* of Women*.—: A hundred single women left Manchester on Tuesday morning on their way to Australia. They are oil government emigrants, and it is a conrort to learn tha: they will be specially c.ncd for by ihe government of Victoria when they land. Mr Ivnight, who superintends their embarkation, states that he li88 received 10,0(10 volumes as pr-sents, in answer to hia appeal for a few works for the use of the emigrants.—Maritime Repinttr, 6th June .Wreck of tiik Antagonist.—-The captain of the ship Antagonist arrired at Singapore and reports til-' total loss of his ship in Torres Straits, while on a voyage from Sydney to Calcutta, with horses. 