CtHto of ®if mto ||ttmr. When is a glutton like a ghost?— When he's a gob-lin. Why is the sun like a good loaf ?— Because it's light when it rises. Did you ever know anybody go to a knife-box tot a knife who did not get hold of a fork first ? ' Soldiers must be fearfully dishonest,' says Mrs. Partington, ' as it seems to be a nightly occurrence for a sentry to be relieved of his watch.' A surgeon, one waited upon an. eccentric old gen« tleman with his bill for medicines and visits. The patient agreed to pay for the former and return tne latter. The best cough drops for young ladies is to drop the practice of dressing thin when they go into the night air. Dr. Case, a quack in the reign, of George II., mads a fortune, and set up a carriage with the motto, ' The case is altered.' Beggar Woman : Please, Sir, give me a penny to keep me from starving. — Gent. : Can't stop — in a great hurry — got to make a speech at the Society for the Relief of the Destitute. Mrs. Partington says there must be a great many children killed on the battle fields, as there are always so many small arms found after a fight. If four dogs, with sixteen legs, can catch twenty nine rabbits, with eighty-seven legs, in forty-four minutes, how many legs must the same rabbits have to get away from eight dogs, with thirty-two legs, in seventeen minutes and a half? If corns were hereditary they might properly bo called patrimonial achers. Why is a pig the most strange animal? — Because you must kill it before you can cure him. Why are indolent persons' beds too short for them ? — 'Cause why, they are too long in them. ' Union is not always strength,' as the sailor par* ticularly declared, when he saw the purser mixing his rum with water. 'You bachelors ought to be taxed,' said Mrs. Lackford to a resolute evader of the noose matrimo nial. ' I agree with you perfectly, madam,' was the reply, 'for bachelorism is a luxury.' An Earl- Marshal, being found fault with by his Sovereign for some misarrangements of a coronation, said, ' Please your Majesty, I will try and do better next time.' ' How far is it from Cowes to Ryde ! ' demanded a gentleman of a poor tired pedestrian, ' I don't know how far it is to ride,' answered the poor man, ' but it is a precious long way to walk.' To a lover there are but two places in all the world — one where lnV sweetheart is, and the other where she is'nt. ' Well, Jane, this is a queer world,' said Joe to his wife, 'a sect of Women Philosophers has just sprung up. 'Indeed,' said Jane, 'and what do they hold.' ' The strongest thing in nature,' said he, ' their tongues.' Says Phelim O'Rourke to Murphy M*Crohan 'Arrah, my boy, is there any difference between being hanged here at Newgate, and being hanged in chains ?' ' No, honey ; no great difference, except that in one case ye hang only for one hour, and in the other all the days of yer life.' Craggs, Secretary of State in George the First's reign, had begun fife as a footman. Some one said to him, ' I saw your arms on a baronet's carriage, the other day ; you are related, no doubt.' ' Oh,' said Craggs, ' my arms have been upon many car riages.' Epigram on the first Earl of Dudley, Foreign Secretary in Canning's Ministry, and a distant rela tive of the present Earl : — ' Ward has no heart, they say ; but I dens it ; He has a heart, and gets his speeches by it.' A sailor, a giant of well-known bravery, who was in a boat at the siege of Copenhagen, kept down his head while a shot was flying over the boat. ' For shame ! hold up your head !' thundered the officer in the stern. ' I will, Sir, when there's room for it,' was the laughing response. The ending syllable 'ough,' which is such a terror to foreigners, is shown up in its several pronuncia tions in the following lines : — Wife, make me some dumplings of dough, They're better than meat for my cough, Pray, let them be boiled hot through, But not till they're heavy or tough. How, I must be off to my^plough, And the boys (when they've had enough) Must keep the flies off with a bough, While the old mare drinks at the trough. At Wick, in Scotland, lately, three commercial ' gents.,' forgetting that so gentleman jokes with the waiter, handed to Napkins a parcel, ordering its con tents to be cooked for dinner. He took it away without a word, amid their triumphant smiles. When the witty trio sat down to dinner, to their horror, on removing the cover of the last dish, instead of plum pudding was displayed their old friend — a sample carpet shoe — neatly served up with parsley, flowers, French rennets, and oranges. If they fancied the waiter was bit, they soon found out the retaliation was bitter. Like the shoe, they were sold. Sheridan and the Prince Regent. — The Prince, one cold day, went into Brookes's, and, complaining of the severity of the weather, called for a glass of hot brandy and water, which he emptied at a draught, and then immediately ordered another. After drink ing the whole of the second and a great part of a third, he puffed out his cheeks and exclaimed, ' Now I am comfortable ; waiter, bring me a rump-steak.' Sheridan, who happened to be present, immediately wrote the following lines, and presented them to His Roval Hishness : — ' The Prince came in, and said 'twas cold, Then put to his head the rummer ; Till swallow after swallow came, When he pronounced it summer.' Simplicity a Match fob Cunning. — Seventy years ago, the sons of George III. ran (in more senses than one) loose about the country. One summer, when the Duke of York was at Southampton, there was a clergyman in the neighborhood with two very handsome daughters. The Duke soon heard of them, and dropped in for some reason or another, and called again and again. At last he said to the father, 'Your daughters lead a confined life here always at home. Why can't you let one of them take an airing with me now and then in my chaise ! ' Ah, sir,' said the parson, 'do but look at them — a coaple of good healthy girls \ They need no airing, they are well enough. But there is their mother, poor old woman, has been in a declining way many years. If your Royal Highness would give her an airing now and then, it would be doing us a great kindness indeed.' The Retoet CotrBTEOira. — The laurels with which the Due de Chartres had been crowned at the Opera, after his encounter, on the British Channel, with Keppel, were now faded beside the fresher ones of Lafayette and d'Estaing. The Due de Chartres was one evening, in 1779, at a ball at the Opera House, reviewing all the women there, in company with M. le Comte de Genlis. The Count pointed out one of these ladies who had a fine figure, for the Prince's admiration. ' Bah !' said the Prince, she's passee.' The lady heard the word, and indignantly turning round on the Prince, ' Monsiegneur,' said she, ' then in that case I am like your fame.' — Heroes, Philoso' phers, and Courtiers, of the time of Louis XVI. Vegeta.tion in the Moos. — It was for a long time the common conclusion among astronomers that the moon was without an atmosphere, and destitute of water ; and that, consequently, neither animal nor vegetable life could be supported on its surface. But several eminent astronomers have maintained that the moon has an atmosphere, though of very limited extent. And quite recently Mr. Schwabe, a German astronomical professor, thinks he has discovered signs of vegetation on the surface of our satellite. It is well known that there are certain dark lines or scratches, as they appear, extending across the slopes of the highest mountains in the moon. These have been variously explained; some regarding them aB the beds of dried up streams, others as the channels left by torrents of lava, others as having some other origin. Professor Schwabe claims to have discovered in these linea a greenish colour, which appears at a certain season, lasts a few months, and then disap pears. He therefore regards these lines as belts of vegetation. If his observations should be decisively confirmed by those of other astronomers, it will settle the question, that the moon has both air and water, and will therefore remove any presumption against the existence of animal life on its Burface. A Jewel Monomaniac. — The Duke of Brunswick, now residing in Paris, has an extraordinary collection of diamonds, valued at £450,000. He resides in a house which is built Iobb for comfort than for safety ; it is proof against fire or thieves. It is surrounded by a lofty, thick wall, on the top of which is a cheaaux de frize, so arranged that when a strange hand is laid on one of the spikes a bell immediately begins ringing. This defence cost the Duke no less than £2,000 in being made, owing to its peculiar nature. The diamonds are kept in a safe let into the watt, and the Duke's bed stands before it, so that no thief can break in without waking or murdering him. On the other hand, he can enjoy the sight of all hia treasures without leaving his bed. Were the safe to be broken open forcibly, four guns would be dis charged, and kill the burglar on the spot j and with the discharge of the gun ib connected the ringing of an alarm bell in every room to arouse the household. The Duke's bedroom has only one small window * the bolt and lock on bis door are of the stoutest iron and can be opened only by a man who knows tha secret. A case containing twelve loaded revolvers stands by the side of the bed. Who would be wfll* ing to change places with the rich poor mg.n ? 