THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1863. Yesterday witnessed another force. The third nomination of candidates for the representation of the electorate of East Moreton took place, and once more the burlesque, which had such a successful reception on two previous occasions, was a decided hit. According to the statement of our reporters the audience was more numerous, as also the dramatis persons:. Not only was Hamlet present as impersonated by the old member, Mr. Edmoxdstoxk, but his ghost also, in the form of a gentleman, who, notwithstand- ing frequent defeats, appears determined to fight against all difficulties, both ghostly and bodily, until he secures a place in that chamber in which he imagines, with his usual egotism, an area is open to him on which to immortalize himself in connection with the future prosperity of the colony. It is difficult to departure an election and the gentlemen concerned in it without including the name of Mr. E. Gmbh, the old and tried representative of districts which have, judging from recent events, found him wanting. Mr. Ii. dunn we trust will not be elected for one reason especially, because the longer he remains a representative of rejected addresses the more innocent amusement will be offered to the public by his funny attempts to establish his character as that of a patriot. By him the electors of East Moreton are treated as a dernier resort. His little flirtation with the voters of Fortitude Valley did not answer his expectations. They had too long been represented by a lawyer, to be easily purchased, and failed in his attempts there, the " old and well tried " patriot" of Queensland turned his face towards East Moreton, and yesterday, for the second time, asked the electors to vote for him. In his speech, he stated that he would not be influenced by the government in any votes he might give, and that his would be an independent course. The announcement was received as it deserved with great suspicion. Mr. Cribb has a chance of being returned so rumour states but one thing is certain that his success, if attained, will be owing entirely to his religious friends and family con- nections, and not to the intrinsic qualities he possesses for representing an important constituency in Parliament. What he has done to warrant him in so often thrusting himself before the public is a puzzle to those who knew him even when he was a member of another Parliament. Certainly his effusions from the hustings, and his unmeaning addresses at electioneering meetings are not in his favor. Consequently, we presume he depends upon the old straw on which he has relied for so long? merely his age and self asserted bye gone services. The candidates who were unfortunate enough to follow the " rejected " of Fortitude Valley yesterday, labored under peculiar difficulties. Theirs was no ordinary task. They had to exert every effort at their command to counteract the effects produced by the " bril " limit burst of oratory" which emanated from Mr. Robert Cribb. The forensic abilities of Mr. John Golik Loves were sorely tried, and no doubt that gentleman when addressing the electors in the eloquent language peculiar to him, felt that he had no common foe to oppose, but that he had to estab- lish his case before them after they had listened to the honeyed words of that Nestor, who relied upon his age as a representative and the trials to which he had been subjected whilst holding that important position. Mr. W. Brookes, a gentleman who for the third time has come forward as a candidate, and who has enjoyed the privilege for one week of lounging on the soft seats in the Colonial Legislative Assembly, was peculiarly happy in the remarks which he made yesterday. With- out any attempt at oratorical display that gentleman expressed many very sensible opinions on the leading topics of the day. Of course he in common with others, did the heavy patriotic business, and was not sparing of self-praise, but at the same time he avoided compromising his ordinary good sense. Mr Ebjiondsto.vk made his usual homely style of speech and Mr. T. S. Warry afforded, as he always has done on similar occasions, considerable amusement by his cynical, brusque, and also torso remarks. All candidates agreed in one respect. They all abused the government; perhaps for want of some other equally popular subject on which to enlarge. It it only a misfortune that all the candidates, with the exception of the " old and tried repre "sentative," cannot be elected, as in themselves they would form a valuable; addition to her Majesty's present opposition. ,;?;.'J ??.... as;; Nominations, as we have before remarked, are a farce a pleasant way of spending an idle hour to the listeners of speeches made ; and a most disagreeable ceremony to candidates who have. to make those speeches. We believe that not one person who stood in front of the hustings, yesterday, was influenced one jot by what he there heard, in the opinions formed by him of the various applicants for his vote The whole system is bad, and the sooner it is abolished the better it will be for all parties. 