ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. (From the Spectator.) The power and independence of the press have long. formed a stock subject for after dinner toasts and speeches. The importance of journalism from a political or an educational point of view is fully recognized by all parties, but comparatively few are aware of the influential part played as master of the ceremonies and priest of Hymen by the cheap literary papers which are spawned on Saturdays. Not a few of these ephemeral productions appear to enjoy a character approaching to oracular omniscience. They are the worthy successors of the wise man," the gipsy, and the astrologer and are consulted in confidence and with faith on questions the most varied and momentous. The assurance of the oracle fully responds to the reverent credulity of the multitude, standing uncovered in the Court of the Gentiles. This one receives instructions in photography, that one in hair curling. Another is taught how to calculate the velocity of sound, and a fourth to prepare invisible ink, or elderberry wine. disquisition on the value of coins are succeeded by legal opinions, while " James" is recommended to use hot water as a fomentation for bruises and the whitlow. A eulogy on cats gives place to a _ violent tirade against the adulteration of bread, and an essay on nervous affections is followed by a recipe for stewing beefsteakB. The discovery of America and the origin of horse-racing are treated as succinctly as the use of the Round Towers of Ireland and the first manufacture of blankets. One editor is learned on the subject of deeds tion, another on hair dye, while a third gives a simple prescription for the removal of scurf. The growth of the beard furnishes matter for a paragraph, as do also the hibernation of swallows, and the true color of grape juice. The construction of a kaleidoscope, difficulty of breathing, administering a bath to a bird, the advantages and disadvantages of alcohol, are mixed up with advice to an " Unprejudiced Englishman" to study life and history and learn to be civil ! and with a mild reproof to "Barbara" for reviling the peg-topped pragmatical puppies in the streets with horrid fuzzy beards, as being deficient in the elements of the heroic. "Is there," she despairingly asks, " a John Halifax in real life P" Whereupon . Sir Oracle' indignantly exclaims-" Stuff, fudge, boah, humbug, cant, Duncombe, and pickles! Do you not know what these police interjections mean " Barbara P" They mean that you are a little green silly girl that those very 'fuzzy-bearded puppies,' as we well know fought like heroes at Lucknow, Delhi, Cawnpore, or in the Crimea that they nursed each other at Scutari that they love some one with tenderness and have human prayerful hearts that they often work while others play and sleep that a thousand becrinolincd, pork-pie hatred, bedizened, cherry bonneted shea are now down at the sea side enjoying health and pleasure, nay, even de- ceiving and cheating those very pragmatical puppies, old and young, who are toiling to support them.'' Then a " A. Young Lady"' asks how she is to treat " a young man that is in the habit of visiting at our house, who has frequently annoyed me by stepping on my foot. The young man's" awkwardness excites the editorial fire to the highest degree, and the fair sufferer is counselled to acquaint her parents with his insulting conduct; "Your father ought to turn him out of the house." " Desdemona and her anonymous fever having quarrelled about a trifle, are anxious to make up their little differences, but neither likes to own being in the wrong in this strait, the damsel consults the oracle, and is peremptorily commanded to cast aside all nonsensical 'I won't speak first notions,' and frankly confess the mistake she has made. By way of encourage- ment. the promise is held out of the swain doing likewise, and that " all will go on smoothly until the next row." Two young maidens " Alice" and " Daisy whose handwriting is very fair are warned never to permit gentlemen to be on such familiar terms with them as walking out' implies, without the full approbation of their guardians and counsellors ; so, also, " Lucy, is instructed, in writing to a stranger, to address him as " Sir"-" Dear Sir" would be too familiar. Poor " Lisette." who is suffering from a school-girl attachment, learns that her present folly will be remembered in after life " with a modest blush at her untutored weak- ness." A volatile disposition, however excusable in a very young girl, continues her monitor somewhat irrelevantly, at a mite advanced period " should be jealously watched, if not altogether suppressed, for there is as much difference between gaiety and giddiness, as there is between a soothing, gentle gale, and a succession of fitful gusts, which only disturb the dust on the road to cast it into the eyes of the wayfarers. " Maria," too, is taught that " it is certainly improper to dance more than twice consecu- tively with the same gentleman, unless he be an engaged lover; while " D. 0. A." is apprised of the impropriety of offering his arm to any married lady of his acquaintance whom he may happen to meet in the street, and proposing to " escort her on her way s." and to " John Sadler" is administered a sharp rap on the knuckles. "A jealous wife, his tutor acquiescing ly remarks, " is, no doubt, a very unpleasant thing, but, he adds, " we suspect very shrewdly that you have given your wife cause for jealousy" in the same spirit two budding beauties are gently rebuked with the assurance that the best way to prevent the young men looking at them is not to look in return-or in the first instance. " In other words, modesty, retiring manners, and an avoidance of show or peculiarity in dress are the woman's surest defence against annoyance." There is nothing it will be seen, to reprehend on the part of the conductors of these cheap literary omnibuses 2 If they do not display any great intimacy with the usages of polite society, they are at least thoroughly respectable and conventional. But what manner of people be they who thus address themselves to the editors of two farthing illustrated journals for advice on social and domestic matters An ma bags thou art my father and my mother," they exclaim, clinging to the skirts of a Saturday ephemeris. Have they no parents, no guardians, no sedate and experienced friend ? But, far more anomalous than anything we have yet noticed is the evidently bona-fide anxiety to obtain a consort through the medium of a halfpenny journal. No doubt they have heard matrimony spoken of as a lottery until they have come to regard it seriously in that light. Or what is still more probable, these youthful immigrants into the frozen regions of London life yearn for companionship and the comforts of a home. For them there is no social intercourse. All day long, from morn to dewy eve, they are staying at the desk or the counter, and then, under the morbid excitement of physical lassitude, they betake themselves to music-halls and dominoes, or the refusal of an impossible romance, combining ove, murder, abduction, and ghost-walking. The advertisers, as a rule, are pitiably young, and for that reason charmingly disinterested. Very rarely, indeed, do they ask for money, though they frankly avow their own means and position in life. The Welcome Guest and the Halfpenny Journal appear to be the Urim and Thummin of matrimonial enquirers. A fair aspirant for the magic ring, signing herself " Rose Tyrrel," seems to have turned the head of a host of Lotharios. What may have been the peculiar character of her attractions we are not able to state, as they were set forth in an earlier number than we have ever had the happiness to purchase. One of her admirers describes himself as " five feet seven inches, twenty seven years of age, fair complexion. a tradesman who will one day be in better circumstances." Another " has £150 per annum, derived from property ; is a sportsman, and considered an eligible match all, inclined to be stout, and considered very handsome." A third is " a romantic young Irishman, twenty-five years of age, five feet ten inches, fair hair and complexion, and dark brown eyes; is in a Government situation of £90 per annum, with an annual increase which will extend it in time to £300. He is, like all his countrymen, devoted to the fair sex, but wishes to be to Miss Rose only. if she will allow him that happiness." Yet another is " of a cheerful disposition and passionately fond of music :" while " George Cartwright coolly " begs to inform ROBO Tyrrel" that he is everything she can desire." For the most part the ladies have nothing to offer but good looks, An affectionate heart, and great amiability; but " Clemence Mary" is " ladylike and respectably connected, her parents possessing funded and landed property ;" and " Ada," who is, besides, " pretty, tall, black hair, dark eyes, good teeth, small hands and feet accomplished, of good family, will have a small fortune at her marriage." A non pareille styling herself " L'Inconnue"-no relation, we trust, to " Anonyma," is sought after, not only by an officer who has served under Garibaldi, but by" Lionel," who thus addresses the fair unknown : " Lionel presents his compliments to L'In- coming' who, he thinks, will suit him, and wishes to know if she will object to a court- ship of a few years, to give him time to finish the sowing of his wild oats' before he settles down into the exemplary husband, upon the principle that a ' reformed rake makes the best husband. He is five feet six inches, has fair hair and blue eyes, and is not considered by his friends of either sex as very ugly.' I Though rather fast himself, does not object to 'L'Inconnue' being so, is of the same age as herself, and possesses most of the accomplishments mentioned, and has already had some little experience in les affaires de cour. Lionel has good connexions, and is the son of I a captain in the Guards, and will, it is expected, enter the army himself in a few years. He will feel highly honored to hear from 'L'Inconnue' at the post- office, Parson's Green, Fulham." This, however, is a singular instance of port ness and coxcombs. Answers to previous advertisements are usually serious and busi ness-like so business- like, indeed, that a second name is occasionally mentioned in case the first should not be eligible. Thus " William Henry" wishes to correspond with " Bessie ;" but," " should Bessie' be engaged would be glad to hear from Isa.' " " G. E." is also desirous of becoming acquainted with Bessie ;' but, should Bessie' DO engaged, he would be happy to correspond with some other young lady, with a view to matrimony." " A Bachelor" is of a sentimental turn and would gladly unite with 'Cora Horton' in cheering the declining days of her widowed mother." untaught by experience, " A Young Widow" is again ready to become the slave, if not the genius of the ring. " She is twenty-one well- educated, and domestic, tall, dark hair and eyes, and a Grecian contour of face; is amiable and affectionate." "Bright Eye," asks for " a heart she could call her own." and has no objection to its belonging in the meantime to " a gallant volunteer. " Letitia" is " in want of some one to love on this wide world of sorrow though her nose is turned up, she fancies she could make a good wife. " Annie Hartley" is not particular. She *' would like to be introduced to 0. Manchester,' or some other gentlemanly man of about thirty, who is steady and kind-hearted, and endowed with a moderate share of good sense." " Phoebe," again, " has no money, but is quite sure she could make a happy one." Would " Cora Hamilton" do so ? She claims to be " witty" "Minnie," too, is passionately fond of music and poetry, but is in no great hurry to change her name, as she " would prefer two or three years court- ship from a gentleman a little older than herself." Ccelebs in search of a wife, as he appears in these comical columns, generally describes himself as a Government officer with £150 to £200 a-year. Sometimes he is a builder, or an architect occasional a tradesman,, and now and then a gentleman of independent property, which means £200 a-year and "anice furnished country residence." Music, good temper, and a loving heart, with a modicum of beauty, are what they ask in return. The majority of these advertisements we fully believe to be quite genuine and serious. Why, then does not Mr. E. T. Smith, or some other speculative individual, open a Matrimonial Gallery- or, rather two galleries-one for ladies and the other for gentlemen The walls would be hung with the portraits of the hymeneal candidates, while full descriptions would be entered in a register, not to be consulted without the payment of a fee. It might be a successful speculation. 