. RICHMOND RIVER, . ARRIVALS. November M.-Rdîmbo\ (s.), from Sydney, November 25.-Heu&frbm; Sydney. The Grafton left Syd\y\nt\\(M5 p.m. on Tues- day, and experienced Strong wortherly breezes .with thick hazy wenther as far as Port Stephens, .when the wind veered round to E.S.E. and S.E., and by midnight on Wednesday ble w a gale with heavy easterly swell, which still kept increasing, the vessel laboring heavily ; nt 8 a.m., on Thurs- day ran into Trial Bay for shelter. On Friday, at noon, the gale began to take up, and at 2-30 p.m. left ; crossed the Clarence bar at 5 a.m. on Saturday, and arrived at South Grafton at 1'SO p.m. the same day. Passed the W. 0. Went- worth at anchor at Rocky Mouth ; the Sea Gull and Thane of Fife underway going down the river, bound to Sydney. Some uneasiness was beginning to he felt at her non- arrival, it heinz known by telegram that she left on Tuesday night, and the sound of her gun about 1 p.m. on Saturday was hoard with pleasure. After her arrival here, a telegram was received from the Manager of,the Company, stating the Grafton had been Been in Trial Bay, by tbs Telegraph (s.) arrived at Sydney. The Star of Peace left Brianne on the 22nd ultimo, and experienced continued S.E. breezes throughout tho passage, accompanied with rain, thunder and lightning, and came over the bar on Tuesday lost, the 1st instant. She is seeking freight . . . The Perseverance is loading with maize and potatoes, and will sail for Brisbane about the end of the week. The W. 0. Wontworth, barque, arrived on Monday hst from Auckland. She will take in cattle at the Broadwater for Auckland, and is ex- pected to sail about the end of the week. Ker passage to this port was very protracted, haviug uncounterd contrary wiuda during the voyage -. .-.^^A-W^-tj-A^.----:-_ ' :The Grafton left the Company's wharf at 1 p.m. yesterday for Sydney. The Volunteer, schooner, sailed from Brisbane for the Richmond River, on the 27ih ultimo, in ballast. The Lurline, for the same port on the 24th, with Mr. Wright as passenger , and' the Douglass and Margaret and Mary, schooners, on tho 29th ultimo.-COURIER. WBECKS.-The unwelcome news of two wrecks on Bampton Shoal has been received in Brisbane, this week. The first was the American whaler Hope, Captain Gifford j the second the Sporting Lass, of Sydney, Captain Bennet; also'on a whal- ing cruise. It is remarkable that Captain Bennett was formerly a sufferer by shipwreck on the Bampton' Shoal. His vessel the Prince ol Denmark, was lost there a few months ago ; and from her remans he built another vessel, th( Huinlet's Ghost, in which he and his crow cami to Brisbane. Captain Gifford and the greatei part of his ship's company arrived here in theil boats on Thursday morning; one boat, witt seven men on board, in charge of the third mate parted company at sea, on the night of the lOtl instant, and was picked up by the Yarra Yarra Captain Bennett and all his ship's company, ar rived safely at Brisbane.-Courier. 