WANDERINGS OF A BEAUTY. I (from the spectator, IGth may.) At Wiesbaden aud tho other resorts of ' Roulot tanin,' the ohscrvnut traveller will see displayed in tho slielvos of tho book-stalls which surround tho Kursaal, pamphlets explaining tlio mysteries of hazard, nnd developing the secret working of tho laws of chance. Those pamphlets are wrapped up in sealed covers, with nu ominous notification printed on the wrapper to tho offect that, after tho seal is broken, no money will be returned. If tlio traveller bo ignorant of tho ways of this wicked world, and eager to penetrato into tho secret which opens tho door to wealth, he will expend his thnlers or gilders, as tho caso may be, on tho purchase of this book of promise, and when ho has acquired the right of perusing it. he will find himself in posses sion of the importnnt, bnt not novel information, that the chances are oven whether rod or black turu up at any given moment. Now, wo confess, to our shame, that wo havo experienced a very similar deception in perusing the ' Wanderings of a Beauty.' Wo had our doubts whether wo were doing quito right in reading a relation. of private sceudal, we may havo suspected tliat the entertainment we woro about to receive would not bo of tho most intellectual character ; but still wo did fancy that wo woro going to bo amused. Without endorsing to its full oxtent tho well-known cynicism of Rochefoucauld, wo may safely admit that tliero is something interesting in tho scrapcs of our ncquaintancos. And how fow thoro aro amongst men in any wny connected with literature to whom Mr Edwin James was utterly unknown ? Tho fall of tlio great ' Causi dicus,' as Mr Thackeray baptised him, was familiar to us all. Breach-of-Proiui.se James had been a household word to us for years. His debts, liis duns, his difficulties, tho foes which ho received, nnd tho wealth which ho squandered, had furnished matter for many n night of club- room gossip. The defender of Bornard, tho elect of Marylobouo, the friend of Garibaldi, had occupied no small share iu tho public oyo ; and oven whon, in tho expressive Americau phrase, ho ' went under,' ho still contrived to keep alivo our intorost in his fnto. In tho moment of his lowest fortunes nows camo to us from Paris that tho great Edwin had won tho heart and hand of a wealthy Angelina. Then, after a temporary eclipse, wo heard that the newly woddod pair hnd chosen New Yorlc for thoir aboilo ; and wo indulged tho hope that in a new and bettor sphere, where writs ran no lougor, and bailiffs ceased, from troubling, tho ox mombor aud patriot might win the position to which his talents entitled him. Somehow or other Mr James is not fated to load a life of uneventful tran quility. His arrival in the empire city was signalised by tho los3 of his matrimonial jewels ; and then ugly paragraphs began to appear with rospoct to tho domestic bliss of Edwin and his bride. Mrs James grew jealous, and it was whispered, not with out reason, thero was a scandal in tho Fifth Avonno Hotol, and a scono in tho ladies' rocoption-room of that gorgeous cdifico. Then it was reported that tho irate spouse took to attending tho trials on which her lord and master was engaged, and suggesting to tho opposing counsel allusions ns to incidents in hor husband's career which, if suddenly introduced, might upset his almost invinciblo self-possession. After this wo woro not surprised to learn that, to adopt the languago of tho regions of high lifo, a divorce was on tho tapis, nnd that the accommo dating legislature of tho State of Indiana was likoly to bo resorted to in order to dissolvo the nuptial tie Wo took it, ns a matter of course, that Mrs James would write a book. ' Les femmes ineomp rises,' in tho new world, as woll as in the old, always do try to make themsolves, thoir sorrows and thoir wrongs, intelligible to tho public : tlioy appeal from the villany of tlio individual to tho great heart of humanity. Mrs James, wo regret to say, lias ful filled our expectations in the lotter, but not in tho spirit. Tho title of lier revelations is all that wo can desire. 'The ' Wanderings of a Beauty' is suggestivo of a talo of thrilling interest. Tho portrait of tho decidedly deeolletee lady, which graces tho cover, is exactly that of a horouio of tho Yolverton class — of ono of that typical order of womnnliood who possess a fatal talent for perpetually gotting iuto trouble without tho slightest fault of their own. Tho fact, too, that tho memoir is dedi cated to Sir Edward Bulwor Lytton, ' in tokon of profound admiration of his genius, and sympathy with his opinions,' is in itself full of proiniso. But whon wo havo paid our inonoy, and become tho happy possessor of tho ' Wanderings,' portrait and all, wo find that we are not much tho wiser than we were before. Sineo tho days whon wo spent fivo shillings to hear poor Lola Montes's lecture on ' Love and Courtship,' nnd woro treated to n moral discourse, which might havo beon ex tracted from tho Family Herald, wo havo novel- been so disappointed as on tho prosont occa sion. Wo wanted to know somothing nbout Edwin the unfortunate, and wo aro bored with a disquisi I tion on spiritualism. Only a fow pages of these 'Momoiros pour servir a 1'histoiro do Monsieur mon Mari,' throw any light on the career of tho unworthy husband of the lovely Angolina. How ever, in default of a loaf we must content ourselves with tho crumbs. With true benevolence, wo will try to preserve our readors from a lilco fato with our own, by telling thorn beforehand what thoy will learn in tho memoirs of Mrs Edwiu Jamos. Evelyn Travers, tho horoino of this novel, whose story is narrated by a shadowy confidant and humble ad mirer, is, when tho narrative begins, young, ex quisitely beautiful, rich, friendless, and alone. To escape the domestic dulness of hor stepfather's household, she is over-persuaded into marrying hor cousin, Captain Travers ; and, by some iniquitous, though incompro lionsiblo intrigue of her heartless mother, is jockeyed into giving up half hor property. Hor husband turns out to be a brute and a drunken reprobate, and as he has tho cruelty to shave off liis moustacho after his marriage, ho loses tho one charm which had endeared him to Evelyn. However, ho is kind enough to die of dehirimn tremens, leaving his widow richer and lovelier than over, with one only daugh ter, Ella. Previous to hor hnsband's death, Mrs Travers had formed a warm but purely Platonic liaison with a Colonel Melville, a typo of manly worth and beauty ; and this connection is carried ' on with renewed ardour after tlio obstaclo to it prosecution is removed. Tho blooming young widow, however, is in no hurry to re-assume tho fetters of wedlock, and goes abroad to Italy with tho colonel as a sort of lover on good behavior. At Florence she is much admired by tho Prince of Syracuse, greatly to tho disgust of her devoted swain, as Evelyn is perfectly aware of tho notorious character of his Royal Highness. In consequenco of her imprudence her name bocomo damaged, though, of course, without n shadow of justice ; and Colonol Melville leaves her in a hull'. Too late Evelyn repents, and recalls him to her sido ; but tho colonel has sailed for India, and is lulled nt tho siege of Lucknow. Tiio lovely widow still remains heart wholo, and enslaves by lior charms an Italian noble— the Duko of Balsano, who possesses overy merit except tho slight defect of being rather dull. His capricious mistress plays fast nnd j looso with tho unhnppy Itnlinu nt her pleasure, j engages herself to liim, then adjourns tho marriage indefinitely, finally goes to Paris without him to make up hor mind what sho ought to do, and meanwhile leaves his lotters unanswered. Thero sho falls hi, at last, with tho ideal man whom sho has always longed for — a brilliant American, Philip d'Arcy, a devoted believer in spiritualism. During a long illness sho nurses him, at the risk of her reputation, and saves his life. D'Arcy is equally in lovo with her, but, by some incomprehensible complication, each of them— in spite of tho spirits — misunderstands tho other, and Philip engages liira salf to Evelyn's daughter Ella. In despair Mrs Travors resolves to conceal her grief, aud not to ullow herself, oven iu her secret heart, to bo her daughter's rival. So, iu tho coolest way, after months of silence, sho writes to Bal sano to fix a day for their marriage. Tho duke unfortunately had got wedded to another lady in tho absenco of any news from his betrothed, and thus the luckless Evelyn is still loft a widow. At this crisis of hor fate Sir Percy Montgomery appears upon tho scene. This gontleman bears an unmistakeablo re semblance to a barrister whoso name was not equally romantic. He, too, had lately resigned his seat in Parliament : ho, too, was deeply in debt, aud pro fessod to be the victim of unmerited persecution, that ' had put a stop to a career which would other wise have shortly ended in tho Cabinet.' He was, we aro told, 'iu appearance, a perfect 'John Bull,' that is to say, he possessed a countenance somewhat rubicund and fiat, with no very marked features ; figure stout, .burly, broad-shouldered, thickset; you perceived at a glance that the animal nature preponderated in the man ; nevertheless, the square aud rather massive forehead displayed intel lect ; and tho fiue teeth, seen to advantago in a pleasant jovial smile of not frequent occurrence, ren dered the personal appearanco of our friend, if somo what coarse, not altogether unpleasing. Really, con sidering what has passed, wo do not think that the original of this portrait has any cause to com plain. Sir Percy wins the hand of tho lovely Evelyn, borrows a couple of hundred francs from her on tho wedding morn to pay his hotel bill, comes down to breakfast ' unwashed, uueombed, unbractd, and porfcctly innocent of a clean shirt,' and in fact oxhibits n most repulsive moral character. ' Ho united in liis own person those opposite defccts which in others ai-o usually compensated by corres ponding virtues ; lie was at the same time n spend thrift and tho lueam-st of men, hasty and imprudent, yet sly nnd cunning, and with an nppenrnnco of frankness he combined an utter disregard of truth. Ho seemed to lie for tho plensuro of lying. His temper was alike quick, vindictive, and revenge ful, and his character comprised tho opposite qualities of weakness and obstinacy. A gonerul lover of the femnl sex, ho was utterly incapable of individual attachment.' He carries liis bride to Now York, tnkes a room alono in nil hotol nt a dis tance from his wife, bccnusos she refuses to pny tho whole of tho hotel bill, nnd generally conducts him self as a brute and a villain. Happily, when his ill-treatment is becoming unendurable, Philip d'Arcy reappears and detects Sir Percy as n miscreant, who has broken his first wife's heart, driven hor mad, and keeps lier confined in a lunatic asylum. Thereon Evelyn again finds herself free, tho en tanglement with Ella nnd D'Arcy is clenred up, and tho wandering beauty is free to marry tho man of hor heart. This, however, she declines to do, out of regard to Philip's pure fame. Sho de clines his proffered hand, nud devotes liorsclf to con templation. ' And thus, we learn, it must over bo. Men must do great and heroic deeds, and wo (women) must suffer aud endure.' We hnvo no doubt Sir Percy wns n very indifferent husband. But aftor reading tho ' Wanderings of a Beauty,' oven those who bear him most ill-will on this sido tho Atlantic must feel that ho, too, must havo had much to suffer and enduro also. Suicide of a Donkey at Totnes. — It is frequently remarked that no ono ever sees a ' dend donkey but a remarkable event occurred hero on Sunday last week, when the town porter's donkoy, apparently disgusted with its hard fato of having to toil inces santly from Monday morning till Saturday night, walked deliberately into tho River Dart, and was drowned. Perhaps if it had beon indulged occa sionally with a littlo 'relaxation from business,' it might have been contented to have struggled on a few years longer ; but it was noticed a short while previous to its donth that it had become somowliat sullen aud low- spirited, until tho day above men tioned it determined on putting an end to its exist ence. This is a positivo fact. — Western Times. A Whale at Peas. — Tho dinner was a capital ono : tho Cunard direolors are famous for good feeding; and Judgo Tips, father to my young com panion, played an excellent knife and fork. A disli of peas came round, tho last of tho marrow-fats, tho latest peas of summer ; and, indeed, I cannot conceive from what remote marlcot tho steamboat purveyors had imporUd them, seeing that Covent Garden had boen barren, in respect to this vegetable, for some weeks. I am very fond of peas, and was rejoicod to see ray favorites once again ; and I anxiously awaited their arrival. Miss Tips, Miss Julia Tips, and Tips mere, as tho French would say, had each takon a decorous spoonful from tho llying dish, aud now tho black waiter was offering tho delicacy to Tips himself, enough being left for fivo persons at least. What was my horror to behold tho judgo deliberately monopolise tho whole — sweep, as I live, overy pea into his own plato — and then, turning to mo, with a greasy smile, remark, ' I guess, stranger, I'm a wlialo at poas.' — ' My Investment hi the Far West,' from Blackwood. A Romance of the Stage. — Horo is a romanco of real life, an actual story, within tlia last week, at her Majesty's Theatre. There is in Paris a com poser named Yrardier, who wrolo for Viardot somo of those quaint airs of Spanish life which sho sings so udmirably. Senor Yrardior lins a daughter, oducnted for tho lyric stago, very young and very pretty , who was nflinuced to nn English naval sur geon. Mr Mapleson engaged Mdlo. Yrardior, and she was announced for Oscar, tho page of Verdi's ' Ballo in Maschera' (Gustavus tho Third) for last Saturday. L'homme propose, Lieu dispose, the young lady's intended sees tho advertisement in tho country, telegraphs to tho proposed debutante that lie cannot permit her to appear ou tlio stago. The reply to tho telegram that the only way to proveut her d6but was to constitute himself her legnl guardian. The rojoinder was such u denotement as all ladies like to have for novels, a happy one, for on Saturday tho surgoon married tho vocalist, nnd thoro was no 'Ballo,' but ' Lucrezia Borgin' wns substituted, aud was honored by tho first visit of the Priuco and Princess of Wales. — Queen. The Queen. — A foreign courier, who attended tho Queen nnd tho lato Princo Consort, has been despatched to Coburg to mako preparations for tho reception of her Majesty, who proposes, during tho summer, to visit a spot hallowed to her, being tho birthplace of hor beloved husbaud. Thoro is some thing peculiarly touching in every action of our rovered Sovereign connected with the death of tho Prince. Her visits to tho mausoleum that contains his ashes, her attention to old and faithful servants, her works of mercy in cheering tho dying hours of somo valued attendant, her anxiety to carry out ovory scheme suggested or approved of by tho Prince, her liberality in rotaining all tho officers of his household — speaks volumes in favor of her Ma jesty's sense of duly and kindness of heart. Among other traits of the Queen may bo mentioned that, iu Kensington Palace, where her early yoars wore passed, thero exists au apartment in which a doll's bJby-house, kitchen, drawing-room, and bed-room are fitted up with furniture peculiar to such juvenile buildings, but, unlike most baby-liouses, largo enough to admit a child of eight or ton years of ago. Occasionally tho Queen visits this apartmont, re calling, probably, happy hours of eliildhood. — Court Journal. Society foiv the Invasion of Ireland.— Thero is a large aud iulluential secret society that has its headquarters in New York, and its ramifications in overy great city of tho Union. Possibly tho Go vernment, if aware of its existence, does not look upon it witli much disfayor, because its leading principle is ono of hostility to Groat Britain. This society is known as the Finuian, or Feenian Bro therhood (tho mombers tliomsolves do not appear to be quito cortaiu of the correct orthography or derivation of tho word), and consists exclusively of persons of Irish birth or descent. Thoy aro be lieved to number upwards of 130,000, and to com bine with some of tho bonovolont nnd convivinl objects of tho Freemasons nnd Odd Follows, tho main object of invnding Ireland, to recover the land from the ' brutal nnd bloody Sassenach,' in case of war between Great Britain and tho United States. Tho ' Brotherhood,' however, is not esta blished in tho interest of the republican party. Tho Irish aro for tho most part democratic and pro slavery ; so that, failing tho event of war -with England, tho organisation might possibly givo trouble to the present administration, and more especially if hard necessity should compel Mr Lincoln to enforce tho conscription. — New York Times. Yankee Ammunition. — General Butler, when ex amined by tho Congressional Committee on tho Con duct of tlio War, was asked whether intoxicating liquors aro used in the Federul army. To this General Butler replied, 'Thoy aro to a most woful extent.' As au illustration, General Butler said, ' Wo used to send a picket guard up a mile and a lialf from Fortress Monroo. Tho men would leave perfectly sober, yet overy night when they came back wo would havo trouble with them on account of thoir being drunk. Where they got then' liquor from wo could not tell. Night after night wo in stituted a vigorous examination, but it was always the same. Tho men wero examined over and over again ; their cantceus wero inspected; and yet we could find no liquor nbout them. At Inst it was observed that they scorned to hold their guns np very straight, and upon an examination being made, it was found that every gun-barrel was filled with whiskoy ; and it is not always tho soldiers who do this. I ordered a search of tho Adams' Express Company, and examined tho packages sent to the soldiers by thou- friends, and, in ono day, I have taken ono hundred and fifty different packages of liquor from the trunks, boxes, and packages sent to tho soldiers by their sympathising friends at home.' Extraordinary French Telegraphic Invention . — Tho Abb 6 Casselli's pantelcgrapli is taken up by the Government. A 'project of law' was recently presented to the Corps Legislatif, which proposes that it should supersede the Morse appnrntus now in universal use. The pantelegrnpli is one of tho great est scientific wonders of the present day. It is pro perly enough termed hero an autograph and an automaton!'. A despatch writton at Paris is repro duced without tho assistance of any clerk at Mar seilles with the most rigorous fidelity, as is also a portait, sketch, or drawing of any kind. Nor does the Casselli apparatus need so great a supply of electricity as that of Morso, and is much less uilectcd by the condition of the atmosphere. Tho Empress has lately had her likeness telegraphed to somo of her friends in tho provinces, and last week Casselli telegraphed n painting of full-blown rose from tho Observatory to the bureau of the telegraphic ad ministration, Tho petals woro of n benutiful pink color, nnd tho lenvos of nn oqually good green ? in short, wero exactly liko tho tints of tho original. Rossini also, not many days ngo, telegraphed to' Marseilles by this apparatus a melody which ho im provised in honor of tho inventor, which has long sinco gone tho rounds of tho Paris saloons. ? English Paper. | How Information is Conveyed to tiie Con- ^ [ federates. — A Washington despatch of tho 21th 4 | April, says : — ' Intelligenco wn3 received here to ! day, of an importnnt arrest at Falmouth, the head quarters of the army of the Potomac. No doubt lias existed for a long time that the rebels hnvo somo secrct means of knowing everything that transpired within our lines, and that such infor mation was instantaneously conveyed. General Patrick, tho provost-marshal of tho army of the Potnmac, was determined that the secret should bo brought to light. Tho guards stationed along the river bank and in situations favorable for signals havo been constantly enjoined to nso the utmost enro and watchfulness to discover nnd expose tho iniquitous system. Yosterdny their efforts were crowned with success. One of the guards in tho town of Falmouth, stationed outsido a dwelling adjoining tho brick church on tho river bank, heard tho clicking liko that of a telegraph in strument. Ho advised his superior officers, and was directed to outer tho houso and investigate. This was douo, aud, on opening tho door, ho dis covered a party of four or fivo persons, one of whom was seated at a telegraph instrument, sending mes sages by a submarine wiro across tho Rappahannock. They wero all arrested, and, as their offence is of extraordinary atrocity, a just and speedy punishment will doubtless be at ouco mooted out to them. This punishment, according to tho laws of war, is death by hanging.' The Earthquake at Rhodes. — A correspondent of tho Temp-s gives the following particular's of this sad calamity, undor dato Rhodes, April 28 ; — ' On tho 22nd inst. wo felt tho shock of an earthquake, such as had nover been felt horo before. Not a singlo building in Rhodes or in tho villages has escaped uninjured. Tho great tower of St. Michael's gave way, and the littlo that is left threatens overy minute to fall into tho port nud block up tho en trance. Tho lighthouse tower is ruined, as well as the palaco of tho Grand Masters, recently converted into a prison. Tho walls of tho town aro moro or less damaged, besides all the churches. At Trianda only a dozon houses aro loft standing. Twelve other villages havo been completely destroyed. Thero havo boen in all 800 persons killed aud an immense number wounded. Of all tho villages Massari has suffored most. Out of 40 families only 35 persons havo beon saved, and they are moro or less injured. I was at Massari tho second day after tho catastrophe ; 12G dend bodies had already been interred. Several families wore still missing, but tho positions thoir houses had occupied could no longer bo recognised. Five dead bodies wero taken out of tho ruins while I wns there. It wns drendful. The sight rccnlled to my memory the snd scones of tho explosion of 185G. Lindos lias suffered but little. Wo continually feel the shocks, but thoy aro steadily decrensing. Wo hope that tranquility will soon bo restored. By n providential morcy all our frieuds nnd acquaintances hnvo been saved. Only thirteen persons were killed in tho town nnd in our suburb. Tho Arice- Consul of Franco nnd family, whose houso is uninhabitable, took re fuge with us, for our dwelling has suffered but little. To comploto our misery, three days after tho earth quake a deluge of rain camo down, so that some proj visions which tho peasantry hoped to save have boen utterly lost. It is very cold for the season, and tlio unfortunate people havo neither shelter nor food. Thoy have lost all — relations, friends, houses, clothes, cattle, silkworms.' Professor Pepper's GnosT. — One of tho most successful caterers for public amusoment in London is Professor Popper. When tho Easter holidays como rouud peoplo invariably ask what ho lins brought out at tho Polytechnic Institution ? Last season his most successful hit was a lecture on tho chomicnl substances used for tho protection of femnlo dresses from tiro. A lay figure was nttired in tho dress usunlly worn nnd burnt to a cindor ; a living woman was dressed in tho same fashion with pro pared materials, and exposed her clothes to contact with firo in such a way as to prove their incombus tibility. This year he lias mado a still more suc cessful hit. Ho now oxhibits a ghost 1 A stage is erected in tho lecture hall, tho curtain is drawn, and discloses a dimly-lighted room doseribod aS a study. A living man walks about ou tho stage. The ghost makes its apponrauce near him, and is proved to bo spectral by tho visible failure of all attempts to grasp it. Tho explanation for a timo baffled tho most in genious, but it lias now been given. A sheet of plato-glass crosses the stago in front of the living actor who is trying to clutch tho shadow. In front of the plato-glass is suspended the form of the ghost which, liko a thin gauze curtain, is transparent from within but whito from without. Tho image of this object is reflected from tho glass to tho spectators so as to seem to them as far behind tho glass as it is in reality in front of it. As the object is transparent on their sido, they aro unablo to dotecttho sourco of tho illu sion. Tho contrivance is exceedingly ingenious, and has redeemed for Professor Pepper tho popu- ? larity ho lost during the rejoicings of last month, by his uusuccossful attempt to illuminate St. Paul's. The ghost is protected by a patent ; but the difficulty of managing tho apparatus, and moro particularly the lime light, must proveut tho adoption of tho device by tho sensation dramatists. Nevertheless, ' a patent ghost ' is one of tho objects to be had on hire in London, and may servo tho purposes of tho spiritualists better than any mechanical contrivance thoy havo yet employed to gull tho Euglish public. — London Correspondent of Inverness Courier. An Extraordinary Lecture at the Tabernacle. —A novel entertainment was vvovided, a fow even ings ago, by Mr Spurgcon, at tho Taberiyielo. Tho programme which had been issued provod attractive enough, and tho doors wero thronged by an eagor crowd. There wero to bo seven ladies in Eastern costume, a black servant, or eunuch, to attend upon them, a number of whirling aud howling dervishes, somo donkey-boys of Egypt, and a quantity of dead stock, such as tho hands and feet of Egyptian ladies, gold bonnets, stomachers, ladies' girdles, aud other similar curiosities. The wholo was to bo introduced by a traveller from tho East, of the namo of Gadsby. The entrunco of a pro cession of deacons and eldors did not awaken enthu siasm. The black eunuch, tho dervishes, and the donkey-boys wero much more to tho tasto of the audience ; whilo tho persons who represented women iu Eastern costume wero greeted with shouts of laughter, renewed again and again when the audience saw Mr Spurgeon surveying the group with a broad grin on his countenance. The stride of tho Eastern ladies, thoir height, nnd thoir general demeanour, give riso to a suspicion that they wero not womon j at all, and long before tho lecture was over thero wore many murmurs that thoy wero only ' men dressed up.' Mr Spurgeon advanced to tho front, aud said they had belter bogin their exercises, as tlicy always did, with prayer. Directly this was over, tho black man who appeared to think that a littlo of that serious work would go a great way, waved beforo each muffled lady a huge fan, and tho auiience relaxed tho rigidity of their countenances produced by tho pastor's exercise. Then Mr Spurgeon sat down by tho sido of tho ladies, and luuglied heartily at intervuls at tho fan- creatures and their obsequious sorvant. A thin man, who eyed the troupe as a manager eyes his company when on the stage, proved to bo Mr Gadsby. He made tho audienco, particu larly tho ladies, laugh over anecdotes of men who had got divorced from their wives, and of others who had 'licked' their spouses. This was Mr Gadsby's own expression, and tho women present seemed to know what it meant perfectly. This attention to tho ladies' tastes was ono great great feature of the lecture. Tho other was, tho pains taken to satisfy any scruples that might be. left in tho minds of pastor or deacons by quoting passages of scripture in 'illustration' of the per formances of tho Merry Andrews iu tho real'. Ono after tho other tho muificd ladies woro turned round for inspection, amid tho roars of tho audicnco. Ono whose oyo was only exposed, exem plified the passago, ' Thon hast ravished mo with one of thy eyes,' and so wiih others.. It was not until the lady wearing tho horn came for ward that tho delight of tho audienco reached its climax. Mr Gadsby, as his best 'illustration,' suid that the horn was only an exaggeration of a lady's bonnet in the present day ; and, to prove it,, ho put one with a high peak on hiB own head, aud strutted about tho platform. The audience fairly shouted with laughter, and it seemed as if Mr Spurgeon himself would never leave off. Ho clapped his hands with intense glee, and was evi dently quite satisfied with tho efforts of the new man. Tho extraordinary exhibition waB concluded as it had been begun by tho reverend pastor with prayer. — Saturday Iteview. Garibaldi. — Writing from Caprern, on the 14th of May, to Mr Negretti, General Garibaldi says, ' My health is going on very satisfactorily.'! 