LAUNCH AT ROUNTREE'S SHIPYARD, BALMAIN.-On Saturday, at one o'elook, the lennon of a aoxew collier, I . boil» tor Captain Bonntree, for tbe Lake M acquorie coal trade, took place, and waa highly enocesefol io every respect ; SB the vessel glided off tbe stoeks into her -natural element, abe waa christened by Mrs. Broomfield, Weat Hattie y, Ko. 3," in the utoal vray, by breaking a 'bottle of wine on tbe bows of the boat. The bnild of Ibis . boat ia quite different from the nen »I model of oolllore, on aooonnt of tba shallowness of tba entranee to Lake Hseanarie, whither sha is to trade, and the flats within the lake. She is 106 feet long, 17 feet beam, and six .feet bold; and, wben entirely fitted for sea, and laden with 100 tons of ooal, abe will not dtaw more than tbtee Heist six inohes. She will be tigged aa a tbtee.masted 'eehooner, and will spread OOO yards of oenvas, besides . bavins an auxiliary aorew, propelled by a pair ol inverted .. -cylinders, wilhjtabnlar boilers of 30 horse power. There \- 'is a new applieatian of a oentre board, wbioh is very : -ingenious, and muet prove highly bénéficiai in steering M flat-bottomed craft, and of so light a drsnght of water, \- - This oentre board ia BO eonstcaot ed that lt can be drawn .np or down with ease. Tbera have been two ves&olB; already ordered from England, named respectively, Weat Hartley,Ho. land 2, foi the sum-) company for Whom the WeBt Hartley, No. 3 bas been built ; and it «will be interesting to oompsro the build of tbe eolonisl Teasel «Ith those built in England, when they arrive. Captain Bountice has anooeeded in combining eymmetry .,. with utility in the colonial-built vessel wbioh is now «flott, as no one oan but admira tba appearance of tbe Wast Hartley, No, 8. That ehe will bea snooess noone can doubt. There will be another opportunity ot speak. i jg ol her capabilities when ber engines ore fitted, «nd Sb« is ready for sea. Faut,-& fire broke out last night, about balf-past ten o'otoek, in tbs bakehouse tl Ur. O'Neil, oonfeotioner, opposite the Haymarket, Il is supposed Inst the fir» waa occasioned by the overheating of tbs oven; Np. 1 ' Volunteer engine was speedily et tbe Boene of the con. fltgratlon imm idietely on tho alarm being given, when the firs wasexiiDgoltbed by the brigade through tho aid cf band labonr, tba engine not having been pa t in req tí Sitiop. A .large qiaotl'y ol flour was consumed. iooiDEMT I» PABXIHO Hain tm,-Yre'erday after ñopo, ebunt ena o'clock, . woman fall loto iba berbopr from off tbe Market Wharf, bat waa rescued from ber perfloae ' eitneiion by Mr, MsArlbur, wbo fortunately happened to be near at band at the tin o- Tbe orluolioe of tbe womia'n dress vas doubtless very fff. ctlre io saving ber. D. O Di'glelBb, Erq., M.P., who was o casing over tbe Pi rmoot Bridge wben tbe sooident oo earrerl, was tbe first to observe and oall attention to tba oiicumstaooe. St e «a« sabsfqu?ntlj taken to tbe Infir- mary by constable Qoldiiek, and will be snfficientlv re c iterad to ba discharged therefrom thia morning - From the rema wharf'sn seed man, named Timothy Donovan, whilst nuder the ir fl ia ce ol liquor, and when walking along about nine o'elook last evening, slipped into tba water. He was BIBO reaoaed and taken to tbe Infirmary. WINGHAM-AccLD2HT BS DBOWNINO-Some three momba since, a pei BOO named D aw, a resident on the Manning Biver, left bis home on horseback, for the purpose of going to Tinonee, by Andros's O ossiog Pince, His horse, Baddie and bridle, were got next day, bat thongb every eearob waa made, nothing waa heard ol tbe missing mao, till a few days ago, when bis remains were diBoov=red by the blsoks in the Menning Biver. Tr^ey were removed to Mr. JoBepb Andrews, where a Boffin was provided ; and on Sabbath, tbe 27tb iriBtont, they were buried in bis son's grave, on Mrs. Andrews' property. Ide Ker. James Martin, of Winghrm j officiated on the oesasion. He leaves a wife and larg'' family to mourn their loss.-Communicated, j MoflioAt EVENTS.- The somnolent tssotion that elmoai banished mueioal events stier the oonolasion of the opera season, seems to have suddenly terminated, enc 11 have given plane to a setieB of musical revivals, wbioh evidently arrive et a oulminating point daring tbe present sod sueoeeding weeks. In addition to the in. terestingonceit« of Messieurs Poaesard end Dou-y wbiou ara to take place every evening at tba School of Arts, a grand lyrio performance will be given on Wed' nosday evening, at the Opera Houee, for the benefit of Mr. Farquharson; on Thursday evening tbe Pbllhsr. monia Society give their first ooneert for the season, at the MaBonio Hall ; on Friday evening a oonoert at tbe Sohoul of Arts, for tho benefit of the widow end orphan of the late M. Boulanger; on Wednesday evening io nest week Madamo Luoy Esoott will give a grand oon- oert at the Meannio Hall ; and at tba earns placo on the evening following will be tba performance of an oratorio. TiOTonia THEATHB.-The entertaining drama of " The Will and the Way," prodnoed on Monday evening, was j repeated on Tuosday and Wednesday. On TbareJay, "The Scamps of Londou" was again performed; il is I a remarkable prodaotion, andgiveBa very derk piiture of li e io the metropolis ; on Friday, Mr. Bryan's dra- matic version of " Aurora Floyd" waa reproduoed, and attracted a large audience, who exhibited throughout the evening unmistakeable signs of satisfaction. «? The Wizard ot the Wave," ae formerly produoed by Mr. Tolano, at the Lyoeum Theatre, was played on Saturday eveoing ; it 1B a drama of more than ordinary interest ; the scenery and tbe efl ota wi'b the sailing veeselB are retnrrbab'y well managed; Those different pieoes have all served to introdaoe the "Ghost Illu'ioa.'' ander the management of Mr. Gasbla, the a Blatant to Mr. Pit ; end fae bas evidently studied euoeeBSfnlly to prodooe all the effects that this Boi<ntifia disoovery is oarable of representing. In addition to these interesting .peifjrrjionoiB, Professor Bushell bas given bia extraor. dinary seanoea in electro-biology. His experimenta in this branob of satanée are attended with immense sao. oees; first depriving bis enbjsata of ell power of Bolf. volition, be then brings tbem thoroughly under hiv own oont ral, compelling them to obey his behests in perform- ing every sot *e may eommsod, and the vagaries they oommit whilst undir thia influence oonvalse. the audience with laughter. Professor Basbell'a engage- ment terminates on Wednesday, and the opportunity of witnessing his experiments should not be loat. The drama of "Tbe Loaf Ship," le to be played thia evening. Mr. abarles Dillon, who bas been playing witb great BUQOSBB at Adelaide, will return here ebortly, and it is said that Mr. Barry Sullivan, one of the greatest actors ever witnessed in the colonies, will also shortly rt-visit Sydney, to play an engagement at the Viotorla Theatre. MR. FAHQUHAH ON'S BENEFIT-The revival of opera for one night will be seized with avidity by all lovers of the lyrio drama for a vlait to tbe Prinee of Wales Opera Honse on Wednesday evening, when we anticipate seeing onejof the mostorowded houses ever attending this theatre. Tbe ossasion is annonnoed as the farewell benefit of Mr, Farquharson, alter an eight years' sojourn ia tbe Australian colonie», daring whioh he hat maintained tbe highest pts tion as a vosaDst ot tbs first talent with an unexampled oa>eer of BUOOBSS, and though Mr. Farquharson, after repeated warnings to that effect, haa yet beon unible to tear himself from the land of bis adoption, yet we deoidedly reap tho benefit, and should be but too willing to aocord him a farewell beneflr, if that will only induoe bim to remain here, partiaalarly as he shows admirable taste in arranging one of the finest ent-rtaii mints that could by any possibility have been sele.tad. Mozut's obaimiog opera ol "Le NCZZJ di Figaro," introducing the entire opera oompanj, except Mr. Squires, whom, however, we Bball have tho pleasure of hearing (with Madtme Escott and Mr. Farquharson a afoond time,) ia the last act ("with the lovely trio finale) of ibo great opera, "Les Hagaensts ;" and in addition to all this tnnsioil feast, wo bare something to make merry withal in the very amusing laroo of "Lend me Five shillings," in which tbe talented aomedian, Mr, Jefferson,and the drama lets will appear. With suoh a performanne it will readily be imagined that the theatre will ssaroely oontain the crowds tha' will apply for ad- mission. MUNICIPALITY OF PADDINOTJH.-A meeting of the Monioipal Connell WM bela on Taeaday, the lö'.b' Sep. tember, et seven o'clock p.m. Present-ihe Chairman end Meesis. Artlett, Qleadall, Hellmriob, Lynsb, MoOoy, Moore, Smith, and Steel. The minu'ea cf previous meeting «ere read and confirmed, and subsequent cor- respondence read, Tbe obairmsn reported that, ander tb» 43nd Blending order, he bad authorised the advsnoe of £20 to Mr. E. Pierce, on aooount of bia oontraot for kerb and gutter in Dowling-atreet; and also a sum of £6 to Mr. J. Hog ID, on aesoaot of ballast delivered in Oameron.Btreel. The eommiltee of works brought np a report that tbe westerly extension of Cameron.etreot as far SB Mr. Prescott's, 77 yards, has been ballasted, blinded, and gravelled 13 feet «ide, and the south, weet aide of its -intersection with McLean-street . repaired where necessary ; that Albion Btreet baa been formtd the full width of 60 feet, for a . dietanoe ot OS j ards from the intersection with Dowling.ttreer, and ballasted, blinde'), and gravelled to the width, of 33 :eet ; and that Mr. Fiord's contrast in Dowling-aireei is nearly completed, end reoobea a length ol 88 yards. The Treasurer brought ap a report-That, nnmnant to outhorltv. he bari Hr««.., ,n«H.r «beques Bince tbe last meeting, amcnniing to £B6 14J. OJ. Same receUod. Mr. Artlett reported that, pursuant to arrange- ment, he bsd attended several meetings of tbe confer- ence, held on behalf of tho suburban municipalities, at Mo t's rooms, Sydney, and informed the oounotl of tbe business hitherto transacted in regard to the Municipal Inatitat ons Bill. MotionB made hy Mr. Qlesdal', aeoonded, and affirmed-1. That in reply to the letter from tbe town olerk. 8ydney, the Corporation be re- ferred to the 48th by-law of the connell, dated Sod September, 1861, with an intimation that, BB the existing stand ia established on the Bandwiok Bide of the boundary of tbe mnnioipslity ratber than in eompliaaoe with its appointment, tbe ooancil do not oonslder it expedient to enter upon the question respecting , tbe eligibility or otherwise ot the preeent site. 3. That the application of Mr. Whitelaw, retpeoting a centre gutter in Laogton-plaoe; be referred to tbe oçmmittee of works. Motton mada by Mr. M dy, seconded, and affirmed-That tho Chairman, togothor with Messrs. G'eadall and Heltmricb, be appointid a commit- tee, for the purposo of inspecting the work performed io Dowling.ctreet by contractor Fierce, witb power to settle hie acoount when passed by them. Motion made bj Mr. Ariletl, seconded and affirmed-That the ooromu'iiotion reoelied from cettsin proprietors of Dowling.htroct be referred to a committee, o^nsietiog of tho Chairman, and Messrs. Qleadall, Lynah, MoCoy, and Smith, with instructions to consider and report npon toe pricoiple most advisable to not apon in regard to tho formation ol thia »ni similar Innen throughout thu muni- cipality. Motion m de b; Mr. Humphrey (chairman), seconded and affirmed-1 hat the clerk bo instructed to write to the soorotary to the road trust, calling attention to the aounoil's letter respecting the continuation of the kerb and gntter at Busbontior View, and also the drain- age ot the upper portion of the Mew South tlo»d Hoad, requesting, that if the plan for its improvement is not acquiesced ia by the commissioners they will eco flt to oanlinuo the gattor on the ton h sido as far os tho oorner of tbe Glenmore-road. Motion made by Mr. M'Coy, eooended, and affirmed-That notice be sctved upon Mr. John Steadman, of Spring.BUO?', requiring him to remove thefenoe recently erected by bim, so os , not to encroach bojond tho bulldii g lino of oatd street. ! On motion of Mr, Artlolt, certain amendments were made en the report from Ibo commit!-e on the sanitiry oondltioa of certain streets, brought np on the 1"! Sep- tember, and dnrlng the consideration of a fourth emearV meat. The Chairmen anj-inrned the ooancil, f r want of a quorum, at about 10.45 p.m., the otber mem. bert present belog Meter-. Artle'l, Gloadall, and M Coy, 