BIB3OP COzuEOD'i WOlR. The following is aseaport on Bishop Oolenso's work on the Pentateuoh,'which waesadoptedby:the lfower Nolse on the 19th May:--2The nommittee. wih drew up athe report, stated that they had exawianedthe book generally conceroug,--1..T he cotents and sabstance of the sid book ; 2. The reasonings aed oiielaiions of 'it. Tlaiy founid that 'the sutbsta?nc?e .tf book weas a series of argueients, oosng op a dniel th~ t$he Pents-r teueh was written b' Moss sand a dossal that thefenta touch and the booe of Joshua arc liihesibruil true. They foue d that'orie of the eropoesiti~ui:'?ditided in. the book is that the Bibe i'tselF is nstGod'a ?sord. The committee abserved that this propotioihn'waas both in its terms and in isa meaning, ss used In thel book, contrary to the faith of the Universal Ohireh,, which had always taught thdt Holy SeptIue,'~rs'g ivaren by insphiotion of the HMoly Ghost, ~ad i paricularto the Artieles and.tho, fpnnularies~of the,Unitini.tihurch of EngAdand Irelaad,.in which Artiales and formola"ies the. Holy icripture were consteot?i?deigoated oas the Word of (ld. A second prop onwmqntinnieedin the book was that not Moses, et aonselandotherp?rons bf a later age' composeud tho-Peni ?teeh. Upqn this the committee observed that Mose seas spokens of by our blessed 'd?iad a the"writea?'if the peoit?sech. .Among the "cehiof roFeol'oift~he "e'try," tlie hibtorical truth of wrhih:ie aloehied,'.rA "lPioe.Dcie?eil .'g"The giving 'of the liw y Mobes, "y The nstittion" of the Pasoveroe'.."The iEodus. The repo4." shy,e" !'.YPqur. committee, bearingtin mind tleat it is not their provine'to.pmnpunsee defiitively wla t ase br are not opiiuons heetical; cotent tlthemselves here, with sub?itig t±hst'thelbsve three prpoejtiosi, 'being the main pjropoitione of thie book, involve errors of the gcvest anwd most dangerous chaactor, subversive of falth in the Bible as the word of fod." "' Yone committee ffrter .observe that ndflwith inesdin* oceobdi l sI eprlsioe' pf. aoistoeoy?7ir? the spirit oefhe'ooli I i nottheat ofeyskuipatly ?itj 'the faith and the hopes of theCliurch ot Cltist, but t]at of antagonism to the general~ Belief'dfohstlan people and of disregard to that disturbance of bhe faith of masy souls which could tot fail to follow from its pinblihteion. That, with reference to the' probable etei-;g "of the author's arguments, he liainly professds that hl does pot cee a limit.eo the extent to which 'the siiual ele ments of Christian doctrine may ultimately be afected by.the results pftlip examication of the Pcntiteuce. Thalt -thoIe gener enopr.eowif d?he lo kin thtit dis conrages W]neimhlaen ed~ehildlike title is cohter-a to the rtchrt osfltid'moed ea id l55 iorde.f our, bkosed Lord in the Goppl, Wile ..yqqr eop.ipitteR expspse their opinion thiet thils book is erroneous pen dangeslpp they desire nostbe undei-tood as eipssng an. op?p?oop posed to the fred ereroase of leiateit tcogilt acnd inquiry into the Study oft?theoWor. : Oh tie ciafrey, they insist upon the duty and the advantage of hingi all the aepliances of sound soholdrhip anwd all thei real results o?f leaned and scientifin investigtpetioli" bear uson thehook of Holy Scripture, and they hekriowledge fully all the benefits of such a cohrie whsesecomnaeied by earnest prayer for the-guidance and illueinafeion of the Holy Spirit. .rlBt they snbmit'thattimanlfier in which tise book dealtewitlh,sahieet'Of thehicheet reli gious importance, as well as of confessed diRleulty, is wlolly at variance with'the'legitimate use of tle.meense aind instruments o?t?ciowlddigein their relatioato ,Holy tcripture, but it teends Ic tritg both alotsing and s-iencs into disrepute aud 'cltemnpt'and that itceumot 'bet be displeasing t Him. 'without' whoee gracious help :all stundy olseriptnre is lain. In paticelda, your com in~ittee obhervb'that the mininer in'whieih iseloanes rf apparent diseirpancy in the sareod narrati ' arerelied upon a' proofs of its snliistorical chatacter is in consisteoit with iineciples ofesound criticim and' with sny true theory of the 'amount and extenUt of hl man knowledge. lThey also submnit that such a mstiod of dealingwith Scripture ignors the cumulative evidelce by whice the' truthls of Christisanity are aesured to the Chlurchl;. In conclusion, your oommitteo obherve withl satisfaction thaint t book of tihe Bishop of Natal has culled f4rth many able replies both from clergymen and laymen in whichl the difficullies propounded by hie haove been fairly discussed. Thie wolk of answering attaceks made anon thie ifith must, of necessity, be left toindivi dual writers. Tie work of tie Synod of a Chietli is of a different kind, and your committee humbly pray Almighty God that He will direct lthe atlion ef tiis present Synod and make it tend to HIisowa glory anl to the bclecit of His Clhurchl in the elreetnd vindicaltion of the trutl of His Word before men and in the warning and the comfore t elf Christ's people." On.the lollowieg day thie Bislhop;s sent down to the Lower House the following answer--" We the Arch bishop .id Bishlops of the Province of Canterbury in Convocation assembled, have considered a report of a Coemmite of thle Lawecr House cappoinletd.ou tl:e address of the Loner HIouse to examine a book et; titled TIc Petatemoed and t'ie book of Joshua Critfic. V Eroamnld:l, by tie Right lee. J. W. Coleeno, 'D.I., Btshop of ataol, p?artls 1 and 2, and now tnansmiblt.d to this lHouse, by the Lower Housce, and reblve--1. TIlet the said book does, in our jeudremost. invok'e errors of the mot'dan?gerores char.'ee; subelerise f faithl in the Bible, as thie Word of God. 2. That t:.: House, having reason to beli.-ve thaLt thilbooinqeeOb sli a will slortly be submitted to the jucdgmenrt of an eclesi asteal court,desiiers to take furtherantloe iectbismal'h ; but that we affeetionastely warn those whomea not be aile to read thie publised and convins ie aecrwers e, the work wlei'ch have already appeaeedof italanegecf:: character. 3. Tiat thlese rcolutions be co~muniatcd to the Lower House." 