MR. KINGLAKE'S CRIMEA (From the Spectator. J At length we enjoy the luxury of praising without re- 'serve Mr. Kinglake has fulfilled and surpassed the expectations excited by six years'' delay, and won for himself a place in the front ranks of English historians. Dealing with a subject so great and so near that ordinary descriptions, seem to his readers tame and poor by the side of their own recollections, and with materials. bo rate that most intellects would be exhausted in the mere effort to collate them, he has produced a story which seems, even to men of this generation, to illustrate his theme, and which henceforward will cause a great war to be more keenly re- numbered for the sake of the brilliant pen which first embodied in history its causes and is events. Simple, till its simplicity almost suggests affectation, care ss to a degree not unfrequently fatal to grammar, and underbid with a tone of scorn unusual and often unbecoming in history, Mr. Kinglake's B'ylehas, in this book, a strange correlation to its subject, which fascinates and almost dif arms the critic. Take the fourteenth chapter, the digression in which, contrary to all rules of historic art, Mr. Kinglake undertakes to, write the story of the French coup d'etat. The narrative has no business there j no man will doubt that its writer was actuated by motives stronger than the mere crave for absence historic truth; the diatribe often passes the limits which an instinctive sense of the value of social bonds sent to the con- temporary biographer ; yet we venture to say that, as that chapter circulates slowly among the educated circle of Europe, its effect upon the Lower Empire, upon Louis Napoleon, and the men who built in blood the throne they support by terror, will be heavier than that of a great defeat. For the interests of the ruler of France, General Forey had better have lost the Mexican army, than an English gentleman have written these hundred plain-spoken pages. There has been nothing like them since the Roman senator closed his sketch of Tiberius, and so stamped the Czar's portrait into the minds of men, that seventeen hundred years aft+rhis death he a man who performed no deeds, and left no monuments, who bought no panegyrics, and founded no dynasty, is as of similar to cultivated men as if he were still living to imp use them for exciting his suspicion. Hundreds will read Mr. Kinglake's account with a violent distrust of his facts, for Mr. Kinglake's reckless speeches have long since destroyed the confidence of the class to which he chiefly appeals. Hundreds more will protest almost savagely against his deductions, believing that, if they are true, the goodness of Providence is an signed by the triumph of such a scheme. But no man who reads that chapter, whether foe or admirer of Louis Napoleon, will ever regard him again in the light he was regarded before; will ever be free from the impression produced by that description, so withering in its restrained yet taking scorn, will ever again think of the man who bears sway in France, save as the centre of a knot of successful but undeserving conspirators. The judgment of history is anticipated, and should posterity ever, by miracle, incline to celebrate the perfection of the French Caesar Augustus, it must first beat up the scars left by the terrible scourge of his humble English fee. To this generation, at least, it will seem that thought is avenged on power, that Iihurlcl's spear, if it cannot destroy Satan can, at least, compel him to appear in his true form as the enemy of mankind. Mr, Kinglake may well ask the most prejudiced advocate of the Emperor, who inStinctively deems this description overcharged, to read the fourteenth chapter, with a mind open to nothing of save that it thence received, and may abide by his reward. We mention this chapter r (mt, for besides its marvellous power, it is the most perfect specimen of Mr. Kinglake's historic style. He writes upon what we may call a double idea, that of Buckle and that of Carlyle. Believing always with the former that every great event is but the culmination of a whole series of minor facts, the sons and outcome i of long chains of circumstanced inextricably linked together, he with the latter never forgets that the interest of events cats in the human beings will create, or direct, or endure them The hostility of Russia to Turkey is the result of centuries of past history, of causes roots d in the growth, and the character, and the creeds of the two great races who, with the Holy Sepulchre for a war cry, are contending for the away of the East But he does not forget, because these circumstances are powerful, that the final crisis was ruled by individuals; that the Czar and the French Emperor, Menschikoff and the English Ambassador, the "pale" Sultan, and the "calm" Divan, were all men that despite j cars of concurring history, the character of Lord Stratford de Redcliffe made to the empire of Turkey the difference between ? safety and utter defeat. He has endeavoured, there vote, in every case so to sketch the great characters which crowd his canvas, that observers should see not a portrait but a man, should study form and not outline, features and not strokes of paint, and retire satisfied that thenceforward they Alwin men whose names were before but phrases. In some instances he has succeeded to a marvel and many English politicians will probably ft el that for the first time they comprehend the causes of the power and of the blunders of the great Czar they fought. In others, his success must be pronounced less equal. Lord Stratford moves and breathes, an intelligible though awe-inspiring figure, with his wealth of anger compressed till it becomes a working force and Louis Napoleon lives to the reader as to the intimates of his own court, give' my and reserved, with high intellect and splendid closet audacity, which is chilled only when the emergency leaves no time or room for thought, when the resolve must be an instinct, and not the outcome of meditation. But Lord Aberdeen is a picture Merely, at done in which, though we see the features, we do notpetceive the link between them and the brain. Menschikoff we can understand, and the Duke of Newcastle, though the photo graph of the latter may fitter, and St. Arnaud is for the first time clothed in flesh and blood ; but there is a huge round Lord Raglan still. It is possible that this is intended is that the curtain is not to be wholly removed till the last touch of the chisel has been given ; but that, though high art, is net dramatic art, and Mr. Kinglake is fÉset-ttBily a dramatist. We know He get better when the king dies than when the ghost appears ; but Hamlet is not produced with a veil, with features half completed, or eyes artificially deprived of lustre. There are more volumes yet to come, for the second ends with the Alma ; but the spectator would' have watched Lord Raglan with a more gratified sense of insight, had his figure been visible in all its strength and weakness from the moment of his appearance. Our business for the present is with the first volume alone, a monograph complete and exhaustive of the causes which produced the Crimean war. ' Mr. K nglske had special means for investigating ' them fully warlord Raglan's papers, those he received as well as those which he wrote, down to intercepted correspondence and the hot excited memoranda of "allies and subordinates, were placed in the author's hands. Whenever he wanted elucidations, they were supplied at once from the best living authorities. Every French commander responded fully to his inquiries. A French officer of singular experience was sent over specially to explain to him French operations. The Russians sent him the report of Prince Menschikoff Leard subordinates. He had evidently, though he does not say so, the cordial assistance of the Duke of Newcastle; he was himself present on some most important occasions, and he has other sources of information, each of which he will hereafter, as soon as he can, without involving the safety of individuals, indicate to the world. His study of this vast mass of materials, pursued through years, has brought to his mind a view, accurate or otherwise, but wonderfully defined and clear. Apart franchises long in operation, the Crimean war was owing to the personal character of the Emperor Nicholas, acted upon by a religious idea, a persistent miscalculation as to the state of English opinion, and by seasonal hate of his inexorable and ultimately victorious rival, the British Ambassador to the Porte. Had Nicholas been a weak man, the war would never have been commenced ; had he been of the first order of strength, able to council's o n notion of his attributes as Pontiff, or to fight Lord Stratford with out detesting him, he might have gained a victory sufficient to render war at once imbecile and superfluous. As it was the Emperor was of a stern, unrelenting niture. He displayed, when he came to be tried, a sameness of ideas and of Lu guage end a want of resource which indi- ested poverty of intellect; but this dearth within was marked by the brilliancy of the qualities which adorned the surface, ache was so caps "le of business, and had such a vast activity, that he was able to arrogate to himself on immense share of the actual governance of his subjects. Indeed, by striving to extend his management beyond the proper compass of a single mind he disturbed the march of business, and so far superseded the responsibility of his servants, that he ended by lessening to a perilous extent the number of gifted men who in former times had taken part in the counsels of the State." " He had discarded in some measure his predeces- I gor'B system of governing Russia through the aid of foreigners and took a pride in his own people, and understood their worth. In the great empire of the .' The invasion of the Crimea, By A W. Kinglake. William Blackwood and Sons, North religion is closely blended with th; no-ball of sentiment, and in this composite shape it had a siren hold upon the Czar. It did not much govern him'S his daily life, and his way of joining in the service in the Church seemed to disclose something like an patience and disdain, but no one doubted that date, was deeply rooted in his mind. He had the air of man raised above the level of common washing who imagined that he was appointed to serve the cause of his Church by great imperial achievement; and not by humble feats of morality and devotion re will be seen but too plainly that the Emperor Nichol, could be guilty of saying one thing and doing another, and it may be supposed, therefore, that at cars and in p am terms he ought to be charged with duplicity ; yet there are circumstance which make one falter in coming to Suck a conclusion. He had reigned and YY personally governed for some seven-and- twenty years and although during that period he had done much to raise bitter hatred the most sagacious statesmen in. Europe placed fifth in his personal honour. It is certain that he had the love of truth. When he sought to speak of what he deemed fair and honourable? u travelled into our language for the word which such his meaning, and claimed to have the same standard of uprightness as an English ' gentleman.' it is known also that his ideal of human grandeur was the character of the Duke of Wellington? NornaT old have made that choice without having truth let him " Under all this, however, by the possibility of false less inherent in all minds of the Asiatic type, and idea that he, as Pontiff of the Greek Church was bound to do imperial deeds on behalf of the men of his faith. It was this belief in his Christian Ciliphite his responsibility as a potentate not wholly of this world, which made it so hard for him not to be on reasonable on the question of the Holy Sepulchre which induced him to order Menschikoff to china rather than negotiate for the protectorate of Greek Christians, and which, when maddened by news that his hated rival, Sir Stratford Canning, was actual, exercising this protectorate, impelled him to order to slaughter of Sinope, and to incur the demands they ultimately overwhelmed him, and sent him again but saddened to his grave. His hatred for Sir Stratford Canning took twenty years to grow. The English Ambassador was a man possessed of that singular force, a force apart former teller, before which Orientals have at assassin. stinctively crouched. "How to negotiate with a perfected skill duri degenerating into craft, how to form such a scheme to policy that his country might be brought to adopt it without swerving, and how to pursue this always, on moting it steadily abroad, and gradually forced the home Government to go all lengths in its support, this he knew and he was, moreover, so gifted by nature that, whether men studied his despatches, ct whether they listened to his spoken words, or whether they were only bystanders caught and fascinated by the grace of his presence, they could scarce.) help thinking that if the English nation was to be main-. trained in peace or drawn into war by the will of a single match, there was no man who looked,) worthy to fix its destiny as Sir Stratford Canning. IL' had faults which made him an imperfect CbrisUn, for his temper was fierce and h¡s assertion of self was so closely involved in his conflicts that he followed to? his opinions with his feelings and with the whole strength of his imperious nature. But his fierce ten per being always under control when purposes of State so required, was far from being an infirmity, arch was rather a weapon of exceeding simples, formed! so wielded by him as to have more tendency to cause dread and surrender thin to generate resWtiace. Then, too, every judgment which he pronounced tw enfolded in words so complete as to exclude the idea that it could ever be varied, and to convey thereto the idea of duration. As though j yielding to fate it Self, the Turkish mind used to bend and fall away before him." His sway latterly became so absolute, that but t: turn to Constantinople during the contest for the Heir Places was that of an "angry king," that the Dim dared not tell him all Prince Menschikoff demand, and, that, from his arrival at Therapia till the declaration of war, he was as absolutely master of Turkey as if he had been Sultan. The Turks could not resist an ascendancy which Russians thought arrest "hellish," or refuse to enjoy the cilia which his presence and counsels always produced in their minds, and which seemed to the infuriated Czar to leave him no alternative between physical force and. ridicule. The diplomatic wir directed from St. Petersburg and Therapia, in which Nicholas and Lita Stratford were the sole, though the concealed coa baton's, is described by Mr. Kinglake in passages of rare felicity. Such contests suit his genial, wit they justify that spirit of sarcasm which he can never entirely lay aside, and,- which sometimes mars the effect of noble passages by suggest is that the writer is half inclined to smile' at the effect his own Bemences will, he fells, produce So bitter viz the contest that the men seem to change characters, the imperious but wily Russian sending week by week sterner order?, the" haughty Englishman needing them always with a finesse, which at his age wired higher and better seemed to grow more refined. Mt, Kinglake's lucidity of statement, too, that faculty of putting a case which marks the born special pleader, and which, from Herodotus to Macaulay, had been one attribute of the litterateurs who have had to explain and not merely- recent history, it is heavily in his favour, and negotiations as involved as those fortte Holy Places become as clear as the plot of a French vaudeville. We are writing to Mr. Kinglake as an historian, not the host y of the Crimean war, and have no inclina- tion to follow every step in his narrative. Suffice it to say that Nicholas, baffled and enraged, was further impelled to war by two great European facts. Lord Aberdeen was ruling England, and Louis Napoleon, France. One strange idea, which to us seems to indicate the sore of intellectual poverty common in men with great brains but no imagination, was always be' sent to the Russian Emperor's mind He firmly bi' 1 lieved that E.nglishmen had as a nation abjured war and devoted themselves to commerce. All the past history of the island had been erased from his mind by the loud talk of the party of peace, the events of 1848, and the marvellous energy with which England, after 1815, threw herself into the path of physical improvement and civilization. The people would not fight, End of Lord Aberdeen he felt sure. Even this strange blunder, this confusion between English delight in progress, and English love of quiet, this assumption that England, like Russia, was ruled by a personal Government, would have mitteredlililí, had France still been guided by the Bourbons of the men who ruled the Republic. Nicholas was not prepared to encounter Europe, and till the Emperor Napoleon intervened Europe was united in resisting! Russian designs. Even Prussia had warned him that he stood alone, and A asserts was ready to pour over whelming forces Upon the communications between his army in Wallachia and its base. But the Emperor of the French wanted war, wanted more that war, a hearty alliance with England it some conspicuous cause. He proposed and secure a separate and more stringent alliance between the flowers out of the four, and it is in explain his, motives for this course that Mr. Kinglake writes The terrible diatribe which, if out of place, or far-fetched, s. is still the ineffectual gem of his work. . It is rain I) ; make extracts from an effort the force of which consisted in the impression it makes as a whole in ; might as well chip a finger from a statue to pay, the sculptor's skill and we are not blind to the pp j tonal hate (a hate which has influenced the exquisite sketch of the struggle between the Ambassador and the Czar, a struggle in which Mr. Kinglake saw J reflection of his own attitude) which breathes through every line. Nevertheless we repeat, this chapter b I one more added to the thousand proofs of thelma? j, political power- which can reside in a pen. f, We have spoken of Mr. Kinglake's; literary power as an historian, and have appreciated the value of the work up to a certain point. We may now emu. criticism a step further, and touch upon some part in his second volume. And here we come upon a striking fact. It was a common opinion that BJ Kinglake. whatever he might make of the politics the war, would certainly excel in military naval His manly love of war, it was well known, hair him more than once under fire. He was a evidence. military history. He had gained over the campus' of the first Napoleon. It was assumed that the requisite refinement and clearness, and the concentrates tone of his style, would tell when he had the tops tions of warfare for his theme. In this respect past expectation has been disappointed nearly as much it has been exceeded in the treatment of the popular branch of his subject.. That . concern u . art which has enabled him to paint chara w to the life, to unfold scene by scene, and in parts and, the drama of the Holy Places, "»««'.$ history of the coup d'etat, and unveil the moon is the great actors in the play, seems to desert him 5 he has to deal with the action of the war itself that splendid battle-pieces are not to be found the broad canvas. They are numerous ; but the seas wents compactness L a whole. In the seconding. as in the first, he surprises and delights the ^ whenever he deals with character and motives the clear stream of the narrative becomes the c for breaks and digressions. But he &£"*"# comes to write of the movements and the finest armies ; then, breaks in the continuity tell pinfall AT the reader! Then-it seems as if the narrator had ', himself formed no distinct conception of the supreme not of war-a battle. That diffuseness which from his pen makes clearer and stronger the political narrative And exposition, becomes a positive blemish when, used in military narrative. It is a grave fault of style, using the word in its largest sense, to describe a campaign as you would describe the flow of political events and the strife of diplomatists. Mr. Kinglake, " in our opinion, has committed this fault. His battle of the Alma is composed on the same principles as his battle of the Emperors and Ministers and Ambassadors But while the latter struggle is easily under . good and easily followed, we shall be surprised to learn that any one can say, after reading the three hundred pages devoted to the battle of the Alma, that he understands the action. Napier, in ten pages of concentrated and precise description, would have set ; the picture before us complete and without a flaw. Mr. Kinglake 'night have taken a larger space, he might have taken even a hundred pages j had he done soon fact need have been omitted, and his readers would have been able to form a clear conception of the whole engagement, which they can do now only, after a laborious study and a composition of the material set before them. The practicability of invading the Crimea from the sea and destroying Sebastopol need not now be discussed, for the thing has been done; but in the summer of 1854 it was a subject of grave debate and an enterprise of doubtful issue. The Allies knew , little about the country, and less about the strength of the army within it. They felt the dangers attending a descent on the coast. They had good reason to believe that they could get to the Crimea, but, when they got there, the plan of operations to be adopted would depend less upon them than the enemy. Happily for them, Prince Mcnschicoffwns a man of small capacity and no insight, and he took the course best suited to the objects and circumstances of the Allies. It is now well known that the favourite plan of the French Emperor was different from that adopted. He; would, have had the Allies land at Jaffa, and fight their way from that base to, Sebastopol. This would have been the more, scientific course, and had the armies been of one nation and under one chief, and had the object been the conquest of the Crimea, a landing at Itaffai would probably have been adopted. But the object, was not the conquest of the Crimea ; it was the dead struction of Sebastopol. The English Cabinet, to; whose views the Emperor gave way, calculated on a' rapid march, a battle, the surrender of the place as the result, its destruction, and even the re- embarkation' of the troops. Therefore, Lord Raglan who executed the views of his Government, put aside the French , objections, would not land at Balla or at the mouth of the Katcha, but disembarked a few miles south of Eupatoria, between the salt lakes and the sea, and marched thence to fight the Russians, who were known to be in position on the Alma. Had Prince Menschikoff been a good commander, he would not! have indulged the Allies with a battle, even on that a strong ground. The main bodies of the Russian army ' were on the march from the Pruth. The Prince [ should have declined a combat until they came up. He had it in his power to fight or not, as he pleased, for he might have flanked the allied line of march, instead of fronting it. Had he done so, the allies must have sought to bring on a battle, for they could not have continued their march with an army on their inner flank He need not have fought one unless he pleased, and, if he pleased, he might have fought it at 6 a distance from the sea. But unless he had fought before reinforcements arrived, and unless he were beaten, the Allies could not have marched upon Sebastopol. He decided to fight, and he decided to light near the sea, and strove with a force inferior by one-third to arrest the march of the Allies by forming across the great road. This was a happy chance for the Raft ty of the Allies depended upon a battle and a rapid march, the goal of which was Sebastopol. The Allies began to land on the 14th of September. The hazardous character of their enterprise is shown by the fact that six days elapsed before they came to blows with the enemy, although he was distant only a march and a half. On the 19th of September, the French taking the post of honour and the English the post of danger, to use the words of Lord Raglan, the Allies advanced ; and on the 20th they were under the chosen petition of the Russian general. This position was one of great natural strength, but it was too large for the force appointed to defend it. The front was covered throughout its length by the river Alma. On the Russian light a succession of open downs sloped up from the stream. In the centre the high road traversed a dip of the ground, and passed through a slight ridge which ran east and west. On the left was a high cliff extending to the sea, broken here and there by rough roads leading to the plateau above. On this plateau, overlooking the centre, was a telegraph station, a sort of tower. The whole of the ground was undulating. On the river bank were gardens, and vineyards, and villages, and then to the north stretched an open plain. Over this plain, its right resting on the sea, is left resting on nothing, marched the allied armies. There were on these heights 39,000 men and 102 guns. A slight field work, armed with twelve or fourteen guns, was thrown upon a ridge of the down-like slope, and another to its right. A battery of sixteen or eighteen guns swept the high road. The main force of the infantry, in heavy columns, say 23,000 men, and nearly all the cavalry, were on the right and centre ; the remainder on the left. To assail and defeat them the Allies had £3,000 men and 128 guns. This was great odds, but Prince Menschikoff relied on his position-a poor makeshift, when you have no brains." The plan of the battle was very simple, and it was made on the ground. The French were to turn the left, hand when they had thus shaken the enemy, the English were to storm the steep slopes before them. Accordingly, protected by the fire of the ships, the French, at three points, made their way up the cliffs ; but they met with mishaps. Their artillery could only be dragged up with much labour, and they were a long time without it. Bouat was isolated, with 9,000 men, by the sea : Bosquet got on the plateau, but could not move without gum ; Canrobert was in the same position; Prince Napoleon remained in the valley. Menschikoff, alarmed at this unexpected m movement, drew part of his reserves to the extreme left, but did nothing with them. On the English side the action was confined to a cannonade. But, urged by the French, who now felt the danger of the ii ink movement they had not completed, Lord Raglan gave the order for a general attack. As near as can be computed this was about three o'clock. In an hour therefrom the action was won. ; _. Our line was on a front of two divisions, with two in support, and one with the cavalry on the exposed leaving. Sir George Brown, commanding the Left Division, did not take up ground enough, and he over Tappe do the Second Division on his right. , Here began confusion, and the Russians, having fired the village of Bourliouk, that confusion increased for the Second Division had to avoid the flames, and their left brigade encroached still further on the Light Division. Nevertheless the men, bravely, though not skilfully led, went well at the river and crossed it. But they went at it as a mob, crossed it as a mob, as a mob arrived under the shelter of the bank, and when led into the open, it was as a mob that they stormed upon the Russian battery. Two regiments escaped from their brigadiers and joined the attacking crowd. At this stage of the fight part of the French were on the heights, but not in active battle, part in the valley under fire. Next to them were the regiments of the Second Division under the bank of the river, while a storm of shot from the road batteries swept over them. Then came the Light Division. It had got on to the hill-side. One regiment, the 7th Fusiliers, in a rude line, was gallantly engaging a heavy Russian column on the right, and the remainder, under Codrington, with the 95th, which had quitted the Second Division, and except two regiments under Butter, guarding the left flank, were ascending the hill in a swarm. At this stage, Lord Raglan had taken a step which W.M costly strange, he had ridden into the heart of the Russian lines-when his own troops moved he rode off to cross the river with them; when at the "water's! found himself under an enfilading fire. Ah I he said, 'I if they can enfilade us here, we can certainly enfilade them on the rising ground beyond Order up Turner's battery only This is not Mr. kinglake s story. He seems to think that Lord Raglan a rode into the Russian position by chance and happened to find there a great advantage; rises remark we have quoted be true, it must be that he foresaw the advantage and Bought it. He rode on found a piece of high ground unoccupied, trot in ÄJ^«*T* them flanked the Minimbah. lines. The consequence was that the Russian batteries on the main road went higher up the downs, and the Second Division established itself in the hollow through which the road runs. It is said that the heavy guns were hurried, out of the field-work assailed by the. Light Division, impelled by Turner a ÎSf.'-.S1 Whether that be so or not, it is certain that «nrÄilTT-^S1.10 move the guns the mob, thefts ,ltlllL,Pht DiTioo, was so close that in wa a away one gun md he team drawing it, was found another in the work. . _" letters from Head-quarters," p. 173, lit edition. At this time, on the extreme left, there were two British regiments, fearful of moving lest cavalry should burst upon them;, in the field-work, were the Light Division, on the high road the Second DiVision, and in rear the Third and First. The French,' relieved somewhat by this advance, were preparing to move forward. Now, the First Division, Guards, and Highlanders, should have been thrown instantly into the fight. They were not. News Lord Raglan's' absence, effectual as it had been in a different way, was felt for a decisive command was required. He was not in a place whence he could issue orders to troops, and the First Division was not commanded by a man of decision. It did at length move, after a stinging remark from Sir Colin Campbell ; but it did not move in time to save the Light Division. For the enemy came down upon Sir George Brown's mob, and drove them from the field- work, just as the First Division was coming up and the fugitives, as they ran, broke the Scots Fusilier Guards, the centre of the brigade. The French were now moving upon the Telegraph hill. The 7th Fusiliers had beaten off, their assailants, and had formed the link between the Guards and the Second Division, an important service rendered by the sturdy 7th, for while the Guards, well led by their regimental officers, went in fine array directly upon the massive defenders of the dis- armed field-work, the Highland regiments stepped up' the hill-side in echelon, and fell successively on the flanks of columns hastening to assail the Guards, and the position was carried. The French had also driven off the defenders of the Telegraph Hill. Mr. Kinglake, says the Russians did not defend it; but while in some French accounts there is gross exaggeration, the evidence before us of a conflict is so strong that we are compelled to think he is in error. The position was crowned when the sun was yet high. Lord Raglan. wished to pursue the enemy, but his colleague declined, and so the Russians got away, shaken and' beaten, but not broken up and destroyed as an army. "We have not space to give to extracts of splendid battle pictures from Mr. Kinglake's pen, nor to indulge in Buy but a general criticism of his story. In some details it is inaccurate, and we are sure he has relied too much on the Pole Chodasiewiez On the whole, the battle of the Alma seems to us to have been a battle fought without a plan, and won without a general. It was low because there was even 1-33 generalship as well as fewer numbers on the side of the Russians. Prince Menschikoff conduct of the battle is only equalled by his conduct of the campaign. He might have barred the road to Sebastopol without standing across it. But he laid himself down ; there and the Allies walked over him. It was not his fault that the Allies did not within a week capture the great fleet and arsenal they had to cross the sea to win. a 