TOPICS uF THE WEEK:. The Eangatira brings two days' later dates from Melbourne, but with the exception of detailed ac counts of the New Zealand war to the 4th August, which we publish in another column, they contain nothing of importance which has not been antici pated by our telegrams. The motion to raise the salary of the Colonial Sur veyor from £500 to £700 was sharply discussed pro and eon. in the House of Assembly yesterday, and on being brought to a division there was a tie, the votes being 13 on. each side. The Speaker gave his casting vote in favor of the motion, remarking that for a long time he had thought the officer had not received an equivalent for the services he had performed. The gas was lit for the first time in the House of Assembly on Wednesday August 26. The reporters' and strangers' galleries were the only places illumi nated, the fittings not being yet laid on in the body of the hall. The light was excellent, and will be a great improvement over the candles of yore. The petitions from the ratepayers of the Mitcham and Brighton districts, praying for the repair of the roads destroyed by the stoppage of Watts' bridge, have been printed by order of Parliament. The petitioners have a good case, and we hope their prayer will be granted. During the last six years only 123 aliens in this colony hare taken the oath of allegiance to Her Ma jesty and obtained letters of naturalization. They are from the following countries : — Germany, 50 ; Hanover, 12 ; Prussia, 38 ; Saxony, 8 ; Silesia, 13 ; State of Maine (America), 1 ; Poland, 1. Captain Biggs, Captain Trimmer, Captain Strang ways, and Mr. J. D. Sutherland, accompanied by Mr. Hare, have paid another visit to the site of the new rifle ranges at the Dry Creek, intended to be used at the forthcoming annual matches. The site is close to the railway, facing north and south, — so that the sun will be on the targets all day, and there is room for eight separate targets, besides two pool targets. There will be three ranges at 1,000 yards, four ranges at from 600 to 900, and the whole number available from 200 to 600. The ground is a dead level. An importer in Hindley-street points out to us one instance, amongst many others, of the injurious and unequal manner in which the present Tariff operates. Under the system of ad valorem duties, combined with the existing free list, tinplates pay duty, and seeds are admitted free. The plan is to import canary seed in tin jars suitable for filling with jam. The jars, regarded simply as cases for the canary seed, come in free; whereas the tinplates, with which to make them, would have to pay duty. Thus, whilst the keepers of aviaries get their bird seed free of duty, the tinsmith is deprived of his bread. But whilst birdseed comes in duty free, rice pays duty. Sice is an article of food consumed by the humbler classes ; but the poor man pays duty on his children's rice pudding, whilst bird-fanciers get food for their feathered pets duty free. Such is the view of the case as put to us. In the Insolvent Court, on Tuesday, the final hearing of H. Aylwin was adjourned for a week. W. Hamlin was sentenced to two months' imprison ment, and granted a second-class certificate. A correspondent at Encounter Bay writes, com plaining that the works at Victor Harbor are not progressing to the satisfaction of the district, and that it is very desirable a change should take place. A bazaar in aid of a fund to defray the expense of an organ for All Saints' Church, Hindmarsh, was held at the District Hall, Hindmarsh, on Tuesday, the 25th August. It is intended to continue the bazaar for three days, ending on Friday next ; and the amount sought to be obtained is £50. For some time past the ladies of the congregation attending All Saints' Church have been diligently engaged in collecting funds and material towards this laudable object, and we have much pleasure in stating that their efforts have been attended with every success, the amount oollected on Tuesday alone amounting to upwards of £50. There were six stalls, presided over by Meadames Davidson, Gray, Gibson, Sison, Dench, Hanson, Taylor, McKay, Peddis, Dyke, Born, Holwell, and King. Numerous other ladies, however, contributed much towards the abundant collection of fancy articies which were exhibited. The ' post-office' and refreshment-stall, presided over by Mr. Davison and Mr. Banford respectively, were largely patronised. During the day many of the principal inhabitants of the district attended, including the Hon. E. McEllister, Dr. Lane, Messrs. Sison, Taylor, Dench, Dew, and others. The pro ceeds of the sale is expected to reach £100. Captain Cudlip, of the Karkarilla Mine, reports to the Directors under date 22nd instant: — 'At No. 2 Shaft they are down 16 feet from brace at 20-fathom level, with beautiful ground, carrying some strong malleable 010 at time*. I found a piece to-day weighin two ounces solid. The further sinking of No. 1 Shaft from 35 to 40 fathoms by Captain Penberthy, who has already struck a lode of 18 inches at 34 fathoms, and which he reports continuing down to 35 fathoms, will be proceeded with without delay.' We have been favoured with the last reports from the Captains of the Yudanamutana and Blinman Mines, from which we make the following extracts : — Captain Tirrell of the Yudanamutana, writing under date 11th August, says that the Engine-Shaft on sec tion 135 A is cut down and timbered, and sinking will be commenced in about a week. At Mary's Shaft the stopes south of the 11-fathom level are looking very well, and some fine blocks of ore are being raised. Tbe lode in the 10-fathom level on Henry's Shaft, 135 B, is small, but the ore is very beautiful, and there are two fine walls to the lode. On the downright shaft the lode has been cut. The driving is west about 8 feet ; the lode is about one foot wide, with scarcely any underlay, and is com posed of iron mundio and beautiful black ore. The Captain says — 'I like the appearance of this lode very much. It has every indication of being a productive one. I shall put men to drive both north and south on this lode. The stope on this (Henry's) Shaft is looking very well. The lode is about two feet wide, solid ore of very rich quality. We are raising some splendid blocks. The new shaft in section 1397 is down about 11 fathoms, and we have holed to the old workings, and I find that the branch we cut in the shaft is not the lode, but a branch. I expect we shall have to sink four or five fathoms more to cut the lode. The ground con tinues very soft. The mine is altogether looking very well. I have despatched daring last month 35 tons first-class ore, and have raised from 40 to 50 tons. There is a good deal of it dressed, and it looks beau tiful. This has been the yield for several months, and considering that it is ore of nearly 40 per cent., it is a good yield.' Cap tain Anthony thus writes from the Blinman, August 13 : — ' Jane's Shaft — The 10-fathom level driving north is two fathoms from the shaft ; lode promising, but poor. The stopes in the back of this are yielding a large quantity of good ore ; lode four feet wide, and the ore about 20 per cent, as it comes down. The stopes in the bottom are very good ; lode 4£ feet wide, fully 20 per cent. ore. The wide stope is quite as good as it has been for the last six months ; the lode seems to hold in size and richness better than it does in any other place. The stope between Humby's and the wide stope is yielding a fair quantity of ore of 10 to 12 per cent. We have succeeded in cutting water in the well south of the mine ; it is fresh and good. On the whole this mine looks better than it did last month. The build ing of the smelting works is progressing favorably. The quantity of ore now ready for smelting is about 2,000 tons, say of 12 to 15 per cent. ; the poorer ore requiring crushing and reducing is about 2,000 tons, of about 6 per cent. The adjourned meeting of the New Cornwall Min ing Association, to consider the propriety of winding up the affairs of the Company, was held at the Hotel Europe, Q-renfell-street, on Monday afternoon, August 24. There were between 30 and 40 share holders present. Mr. J. Acraman took the Chair, and having opened the proceedings, he said the Solicitors to the Company had stated that the mine could not be wound up until the balance-sheet had been presented at one of the half-yearly meetings, and that they could not, therefore, dissolve the Company until after the meeting in October next. In order to carry on the mine they must borrow money, but according to the deed of settlement, they could not borrow until all the calls had been paid up. Now there was £102 10s. due on shares, which had not yet been paid up. They expected to get about half of this, and if the shareholders would make up the other half, or say £60, the Directors would then find sufficient to carry on the mine to October. The Hon. J. M. Solomon' wished to know, in the event of forfeited shares being merged into the capital of the Company, whether that would preclude their bor rowing. The Chairman replied that every penny of the £30,000 must be paid up — the Solicitors were very distinct on that point. The Hon. J. M. Solo mon expressed his opinion, upon reading the clauses in the deed of settlement, that the Company had power no uissuivu lbaeu nt uuy BjjuuiaL general uicet ing. The Chairman remarked that in such a matter, having employed solicitors, he would prefer taking their advice. (Hear.) The Directors thought it would be better to carry on the mine till October, than let it fill with water ; but they wanted an expres sion of the opinion of the shareholders. They could not borrow until they could give security, and they could not give security until all the subscribed capital was paid up. In answer to the Hon. J. M. Solomon the Chairman said it would be hardly worth while putting up all the shares to auction, because 15s. was due on some of them, while their market value was 6s. per share. The Chairman suggested that if six of the shareholders, contributed £10 a piece the difficulty would be sur mounted. Mr. J. H. Pollard observed that it would be a graceful act on the part of half a dozen of the original proprietors to subscribe £10 each. (Cheers.) The Chairman said several of the original proprietors had no interest now in the Company, and it was hardly likely they would give their money for the accommodation of a thing in which they were not interested. Mr. S. Raphael hinted at a voluntary call of a penny per share to make up the deficiency. (A laugh.) The Chairman thought the process of collecting penny pieces would be rather difficult. (A laugh.) Mr. J. Counsell wished to know if the Directors would not be able to carry on the mine till October with the cash they had in hand, and with the ore that was at grass? The Chairman answered that the cash balance would only take them up to the 25th July; and now they had another month's pay to provide for. Mr. J. H. Pollard suggested that the Directors should advance the £60 and put the shares up to auction. The Chairman said it could not bs ex pected that the Directors would meet every deficiency; thev would have to be responsible for the overdraft at the'Bank, and that was as much as they could ask of them. At the request of Mr. J. Counsell, the Chair man read the last report received from Capt. East, and dated August 20. After some further conversa tion a collection was made in the room, and between £30 and £40 was realized towards meeting the de ficiency. It was then moved by Dr. Clark, and seconded by Mr. Wm. Whyte — 'That the following gentlemen form a committee to raise the sum of £60, and hand it to the Secretary on or before the 7th proximo, to enable him to pay up such calls as are then in arrear : — Messrs. Sinclair and Jones, for the Port, and Messrs. Vautin, Counsell, and Gall.' The resolu tion was carried unanimously, and the proceedings ended with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. We are informed that the landlord of the Victor Harbor Hotel was robbed on Saturday, the 21st inBtant, of £10 in notes. The police have arrested a person on suspicion. Bremer Mine. — A correspondent from Callington says — ' I am pleased to inform you that the mine is holding as good as ever. A considerable increase in the quantity of ore has been raised and sampled dur ing this month, and the regulus returned is upwards of 50 tons of good quality j the quantity would have been greater but for the continuation of the wet weather. Q-ood supplies of wood are now coming in, and the furnaces are working welL The second calciner ia just being completed, which will enable them to keep two furnaces constantly at work. The dressing is also going on well. The number of hands employed upon the mine about 120, besides wood cutters and carters.' The main body of the Mounted Police Force to be despatched to Lake Hope, to enquire into the reported native depredations there, left Adelaide on '^Sunday morning. Inspector Hamilton will leave ^on next Tuesday morning. On Saturday, an inquest was held at the Adelaide Hospital, on the body of a lad named Peter Maeaulay, whose parents reside in Morphett-street. It appeared from the evidence that the deceased was in the act of excavating some wood from the bank of the Torrens, when a portion of the earth gave way and partially buried him. He was removed as soon as possible, but died previous to arriving at the Hospital. The Jury returned a verdict that the deceased was accidentally killed in consequence of a portion of the bank of the Torrens falling in upon him. On Sunday afternoon, a little boy named Chester, the son of a private of the 40th Kegiment, fell into the Kiver Torrens at the rear of the Mounted Police Barracks. He was carried some distance by the cur rent, when Police-Trooper McCourt jumped in and rescued the boy from what might have proved a watery grave. On Friday evening, August 21st, a public meeting was held at theG-overnor MacDonnell Inn, Salisbury, with reference to the withdrawal of police protection from that township and its extensive neighborhood. Resolutions were passed requesting the Government to supply the vacancy, and a gentleman was ap pointed to wait upon the Hon. the Chief Secretary with regard to the matter. A meeting was held at Salisbury on Thursday evening last, with reference to the North- Arm. The scheme was approved of by the meeting as having a tendency to benefit the district. A correspondent sends us the following : ? ' On Friday evening last the employe's of Messrs. D. and W. Murray (wholesale drapers), in compliance with an invitation from the latter gentleman, met him at his residence in Pulteney- street, where Mr. and Mrs. Murray entertained them with their usual cordiality. At about 8 o'clock they all partook of a substantial repast, provided for the occasion by Mrs. Murray ; after which a toast was proposed — ' Messrs. D. and W. Murray, their wives, and children1— to which Mr. Murray responded in a tew appropriate remarks, expressing himself highly gratified in being with them in the capacity in which they were then met, and encouraging the young men to persevere in their ?ailing. In adverting to th« fttwen.ee of bis brother in England, he said he was sure he would have been happy had he been present to have united with them in the enjoyments of the evening. The meeting, which was a happy and a profitable one, terminated about half-past 11.' From a notice to mariners which appears in another column it will be seen that the moorings at Port Macdonnell have all been overhauled, and are now in a complete state of efficiency. Our readers will find in another column the pro gramme of the Rifle Association matches, which com mence on the 6th October. We regret to state that the three-year old colonial entire Young Duke of Argyle, the property of Mr. Mitchelson, of Virginia, which has taken so many prizes at various town and country agricultural meetings, died suddenly at Virginia, on Wednesday last, August 19th. The cause of death is as yet un known, but fears are entertained that the animal was poisoned. The stomach has been extracted for medical inspection. This is the second entire horse in the district which has died suddenly during this season; Mr. Dunkley's Farmers' Friend being the previous one. The long-projected match between the Adelaide and the Tea-Tree Gully and Modbury Football Clubs came off, pursuant to arrangement, at Modbury, on Saturday, August 22. The day was magnificently fine, and most of the members of the Adelaide Club, availing themselves of the lovely weather, secured horses for the occasion, aud formed a large and well- mounted cavalcade. The ride was most exhilarating, and the place of meeting, within half-a« mile of the Modbury Hotel, was reached shortly after 2 o'clock. The rural club gave the Townies a hearty reception, and the requisite preliminaries were quickly arranged. Mr. J. Robertson was chosen Captain of the former, while the task of marshalling the forces of the latter, and directing their movements, was entrusted to Mr. J. E. Schlinke. The battle- field was well adapted for the tournament, but the distance between the goals was so great, and the size of the goals themselves so small, as to render it almost an impossibility for either side — particularly when both were so well matched as on the present occasion — to obtain the victory. Nevertheless hostilities were commenced and sustained for about three hours, during which there was some hard fighting ; but neither the skilful tactics of the well- trained Ade laideans nor the muscular advantages of the yeo- manry availed anything. It was a drawn battle, and if neither side were satisfied, yet on the other hand the one could not rejoice over the other. Thus they were able to be on equal terms with each other, and with a view of congratulating the prowess of each party, they mutually agreed to adjourn to mine host Stoneham's, otherwise known as the Modbury Hotel. Here a sumptuous repast patiently awaited the combined attack of the two forces, which not being able to conquer one another, did the next best thing — they fell to and soon gained a complete victory over hunger, creating sad havoc among the poultry and other niceties of Mr. Stone ham's well-kept larder. After the feast of the body came the feast of reason and the flow of soul. With Mr. G. H. Giles in the Chair, and Mr. C. Cornish in the Vice-Chair, and the guests being, moreover, com posed of ''good men and true," how could the com pany fail to be a merry and convivial one? The usual loyal toasts having been honored with an en thusiasm quite consonant with the general feelings of the jocund party, reciprocal good wishes, spiced with laudatory and tasteful language, were unanimously passed by the clubs upon one another ; after which, joke and repartee, song and merriment, enlivened the proceedings for the remainder of the evening. The good feeling between the two rival clubs was still further cemented by the night's conviviality — so much so, in fact, that at its termination each voted nem. con. that both were "jolly good fellows." At the Norwood Young Men's Association, on Monday evening, the Rev. Mr. Ibbetson delivered the second part of his lecture on ' Engineering, ancient and modern,' to the members and friends of the Society ; the President, Mr. R. Wells, being in the chair. The lecturer, in continuation of his previous paper, now entered upon the question of architecture as it existed among the Greeks and Romans, and upon the state 01 military and civil engineering as practised by those people and by the Jews. With the help of diagrams drawn on the blackboard, these matters were made plain to the eyes and ears of the audience. The shifts which the ancients were put to in their endeavors to find a substitute for the arch, as it is now known, were amusingly explained, and vivid descriptions were given of the military engineer ing of the Romans and of the skill of Archimedes. An account of the Roman roads built ot solid stone led to some remarks on modern roads, and the lec turer concluded by promising in bis next paper to deal with the present practice of engineering. A vote of thanks, moved by Mr. Champion, and seconded by Mr. J. Wells, was put and carried. The Chairman remarked, in concluding the proceedings, upon the good fortune of the members in their securing month after month practical, and yet not dry lectures, which were delivered by gentlemen who had studied their subjects and who really understood what they ventured to instruct others upon. It was announced that the next fortnightly lecture would be on ' Elocution,' and the next monthly lecture on ' American Despotism. Mrs. Wishart's benefit concert was given on Wed nesday evening at the Assembly Rooms, and was one of the best which has taken place in Adelaide for a Long time. The weather turned out fine ; there was a very large attendance, and it would have been larger had not the mail's departure prevented many coming. The room moreover looked very handsome, having lately been painted and decorated under the direction of its owner (Mr. George White). The programme commenced with the overtnre to the ' Dams Blanche,' executed very creditably by Mr. Chapman's well-known quadrille band ; next followed the glee ' May day,' which was well received. On Mrs. Wishart's appearance she was greeted with a burst of loud applause, which continued for several minutes. She sang 'Think ere you speak,' and being heartily encored sang the favorite song ' Mary of Argyle.' Mr. R. B. White and Mr. Lmlj Norman next played Benedict and De Beriot's duet for piano and violin on airs from ' Sonnambula.' This is one of the best of De Beriot's collection of duets, and was admirably played. After the duet Mr. Edwards sang ' The Fire King' very well, and being encored, gave the song ' We might be happy still.' The well-known duet from Trovatore, ' Home to our mountains,' was sung by Mrs. Wishart and Mr. Oehlmann, and was a little faulty, but on the encore it was greatly improved. Mrs. Smart sang Wallace's beautiful air ' Sweet spirit hear my prayer,' after which a very elegant quartette, arranged on airs from the opera of Chlara dl Rosenberg, was performed by Messrs. Proctor (flute), Chapman (violin), Jams (viola) and Betteridge (violoncello) and it is due to Mr. Proctor to notice his very sweet flute playing, which was generally admired. The second part of the Concert commenced with the overture to Fra Diavolo, and after the glee ' Hark the Curfew's solemn sound,' and a song by Mrs. Wishart (en cored), Mr. Linly Norman played a piano solo intro ducing ' Auld Lang Syne' with variations, and for an encore, which followedas a matter of course, performed 'lies Cloches du Monastere.' Mrs. Wishart and Mrs. Smart then sang the duet ' A Voice from the Waves,' in which Mrs. Smart's contralto voice came out with excellent effect. Mr. Compton performed the great march from the Propbete in his usual good style, and for an encore substituted the celebrated 'Cujus animam,' from Rossini's Stabat Mater. Mr. Compton' s playing was greatly assisted by the magni ficent harmonium on which he performed, and which was kindly lent by a gentleman for the occasion. After a song by Mrs. Smart, 'Thou art come, sweet Spring,' another by Mrs. Wishart, with chorus, K There's joy in Merry England,' and Purcell's glee ' Come unto these yellow ;sanda,' the performances were brought to a close about 11 o'clock by singing the National Anthem. We should state that the whole of the performers, vocal and instrumental, kindly volunteered their services on the occasion, and gave them gratuitously. As a whole the concert was very successful, and the enthusiastic applause with which Mrs. Wishart was greeted must have been ex tremely gratifying to her, as an expression of public sympathy in connection with the painful circum stances in which she has been placed. Mr. A. S. Hamilton delivered his lecture on Phrenology, in the Temperance Hall, North Ade laide, on Monday evening, 24th instant. The atten dance though small, numbering only about 60 persons, was highly respectable. The lecture commenced with a few remarks on the truthfulness and importance of the study of phrenology, and with the aid of various busts and skulls gave a general outline of the position of some of the principal organs. He then proceeded in a more minute and in a pleasing manner to give a description of the organs regulating the moral senti ments, the first-meDtioned being self-esteem and love of approbation. A large development of these two organs, he remarked, often gives a man moral char acter, and raises him to a position of respectability and influence in society, even in the absence of the higher regulating principle of benevolence and venera tion, teaching us, as it does, to do right that we may gain the approval of others, without regard to the higher inducement of doing right for its own sake. But when well balanced with other organs he observed that the due development of self-esteem and love of approbation formed an important element of a noble character. He next spoke of the organ of benevolence, which he mentioned was situated in the upper portion of the forehead, and entered into a detailed account respecting the influence of the organ on moral character, remarking that, to a large extent, in proportion to the develop ment and cultivation of this faculty, men became strong in all goodness, ready to do good purely for its own sake, and to face opposition, and sometimes bear reproach, if by so doing they could carry a benefit to others. He noticed that in the bust of Shakipeare b9nev9len.ee was of. fall development^ an-3 l(AO that acting, as it did in him, in connection with faith, hope, and ideality, his writings were full of sub limity, and by a kind of moral magnetism we read them with delight — a delight experienced more or less in proportion to the full or small development of these organs in ourselves. The lecturer then pro ceeded to describe the organs of veneration, firmness, conscientiousness, and hope. He reminded his audience that it was an established fact that the various organs can be increased or the reverse by cul tivation, and dwelt at some length on the peculiar characteristics of each organ he was then treating on, strongly advising them to cultivate them in their own characters, more particularly those of veneration and conscientiousness — organs that held a most important influence on character, and raised a man to all that is high and noble in moral greatness. The lecture, which was listened to with great attention, and occupied an hour and a half in delivery, was brought to a close by the examination of the heads of two volunteers, the deductions from which being ap parently satisfactory, Mr. Hamilton announced his intention of delivering his second lecture in North Adelaide on Wednesday evening next. At a late meeting held in Melbourne to establish a Moravian mission for evangelizing the natives on Cooper's Creek, a letter containing useful suggestions, fiom Howitt, the explorer, was read. He recom mended the adoption of his old depot as the head quarters of the proposed mission. The strength of the Cooper's Creek tribe he estimates at 300, and the entire number of natives inhabiting the country watered from Cooper's Creek (from Lake Torrens to the southern edge of Shirt's desert) at not less than 1,200. He states that they are generally quiet and well disposed, but reminds us that his party was strong and well armed, and that the familiarity which breeds contempt was never permitted. Mr. Howitt recommends the mission to adopt a route through South Australia. His estimate of a year's expenditure is £600 without wages. There was a very good attendance at the Victoria Theatre on Monday night, the pit, stalls, and gallery being especially crowded. The great object of attrac tion was the debut in Adelaide of Mr. Charles Dillon, who appeared as Hamlet. From the passages quoted by us yesterday morning it will be seen that Mr. Dillon has received most favorable notice in England, and considerable curiosity was excited to wit ness his impersonation of Shakspeare's most philo sophic character. The play was greatly cut down, but moBt of Hamlet's chief speeches were preserved, and were carefully rendered by Mr. Dillon. His advice to the players was particularly well spoken, and the soliloquy after they leave him was powerful. But it is in the third act that Mr. Dillon's full strength is disclosed. His meeting with Ophelia has been favorably noticed by the Times, and we cannot do better than quote that great authority on the sub ject : — The tenderness with which he surveys Ophelia in the midst of his ravings about the ' nunnery,' and to which he gives extreme expression by dropping on bis knees and fondly kissing her hand, is natural from its spontaneous appearance ; and bis welcome to Horatio, on the entrance of the latter, has a frankness about it that is singularly touching. Nothing of great moment occurs at this meeting of the two friends, but the notion is conveyed that a kindly heart, long placed among uncongenial spirits, has at length found a sympathetic being on which it can repose. The watching of the King during the play scene iB carried out through all its details with immense earnestness, and the burst of triumph in which it results is most powerful. Throughout the whole of this act the actor has more and more entered into the spirit of the scene, and here is his climax. He has gained his audience, and be may fearlessly pursue his victory through the two remaining acts.' The fourth and fifth acts are cut very short, but are distinguished by some more of Mr. Dillon's exertions. The scene at the grave with Laertes was highly effective, and the play was brought to an end with the dying and scarce audible words of Hamlet ' The reBt is silenee.' Next to Mr. Dillon it is fit that we should mention Mrs. Dillon, the Ophelia of last night's performance. In the first two acts, or we might say in the first three, this lady hardly appears to advantage, and the tragedy is so mangled, except in those parts in which Hamlet is personally concerned, that she does not get fair play. When, however, she ap peared as the poor crazed Ophelia, she fairly took the audience by surprise, and when she retired after singing her last song, and disposing the flowers over the imaginary crave of her father, a hearty and spontaneous burst of applause announced the perfect satisfaction of the house. Mr. J. B. Creswiek, who has not visited Adelaide for a long time, appeared as the Ghost, and played it well, being distinct, emphatic, and correct in his reading. There appeared, however, to us an error in allowing the Ghost to come on eo near the footlights ; it considerably destroyed bis spiritual character, and not even the gauze around him could persuade the audience of his being anything but ' too, too solid flesh.' Mr. Bay, we venture to think, misconceives the character of Polonious altogether, and substitutes a silly old man for a polished and veteran courtier. Mr. Streeton performed Claudius well and carefully, as he always does, and Mrs. Ray made a very fair Gertrude. Mr. South' s Laertes and Mr. Shute's Horatio were both tolerable. Mr. Greville performed the First Grave digger much to our taste, keeping well to the text, introducing no absurdity of any kind. Of the remaining characters we need only say that they were as well represented as was required. The scenery was good, and we must make particular mention of the new drop, which has recently been painted by Mr. Holmes. It reflects great credit on the artist, being spiritedly executed and well colored. At the end of the third act and at the fall of the curtain Mr. Dillon was called for, and bowed his acknowledgments, on the last occasion reappearing with Mrs. Dillon. — Mr. Charles Dillon made his second appearance at the Victoria Theatre on Tuesday evening as Bichelieu in Bulwer Ly tton's great play of that name. He was very successful. The character of the wily and ambi tious statesman, surrounded by spies and intriguing amidst them aU, affords great scope for the actor's powers ; and Mr. Dillon drew down hearty applause from all parts of the house. The appearance of senility associated with Bichelieu, though he died at the age of 56, is well sustained ; there is life in the triumphant chuckle that marks the success of his schemes, and feeling in the tearful twinkle of the eye with which he regards for a moment the happiness of the two lovers, while the passages of power, which, rarely scattered about the piece, are on that account the more startling, are delievered with fall regard to efficiency. The exulting laugh with which Richelieu, about to baffle the conspirators by feigning death, expresses the conviction that his game is in his own hands, is especially given with great force. His finest passage was in the end of the fourth act, when he loses the favor of his sovereign ; and, while confounded at the sudden change, Julie de Mortemar (Mrs. Dillon) flies to his protection from the King's messengers. He shelters her from them hy the sacred power of the Church, and while defying them appals Baradas with threats of discovering his treason; but the agitation of the scene overpowers him and he falls into the arms of the attendant monk in a violent fit. All this was extremely good, and Mrs. Dillon's agitation and fear, choking her utterance almost, added much to its effect. The audience at the end of the act called loudly for the Cardinal, who appeared to acknowledge the compli ment. We must confess that we greatly prefer Mr. Dillon's Richelieu to his Hamlet, and we have no doubt that should the weather prove fine on the next representation of the play there will be a full house. Mr. Shute's dress and acting as Louis XIII. were both good ; so were Mr. Streeton's as the favorite. The other characters were very fairly filled. The pretty farce 'The Loan of a Lover' succeeded the drama. Mrs. Dillon performed Gertrude and sang several songs with great success. — Mr. Dillon appeared for the second time here as ' Hamlet' on Wednesday evening, and we were glad to see the house better attended than on the previous evening, notwith standing such a large number of professional and business persons were necessarily absent in preparing for the English mail, and others under engagement to attend Mrs. Wisharf s concert. Mr. Dillon's per formance on Wednesday was an improvement upon his first appearance, being perfectly free from a few imperfections then noticeable, but which at the time -were fairly and correctly accounted for by the fact of only a few hours having intervened between his landing from a sea voyage and his appearance on the boards of the theatre. His performance on Wednes day was rapturously applauded throughout the piece. We fancy Mr. Dillon, like Mr. Jefferson, will im prove with the Adelaide public the more they know of him ; but as bis stay here will lie shorter than that of our late celebrity, those who wish to see this eminent tragedian should be careful not to neglect an early visit to the Victoria. The circumstance of Mr. Dillon's ap pearance in Adelaide, we think, justly calls for some notice of the spirited determina tion with which Mr. Solomon, the lessee, has fulfilled his promise made two seasons ago that he ?would supply the Adelaide public with a succession of all the first-class talent of the whole group of our southern colonies. He has done so hitherto in an eminent degree, and we trust that nothing may occur to prevent his winding up the promise by presenting Mr. Charles Kean and his lady to the Adelaide public should they arrive in these latitudes, and after they have finished their engagements in Victoria. The Sydney papers received by every mail now are full of accounts of bushrangers, their depredations and captures. The following extract from a letter, dated Carcoa, 9th August, published in the S. M. Herald, gives an account of the lawless state of the country in that neighborhood: — 'We are all here upon our mettle, and in a state of considerable ex citement. The attempt to rescue the prisoners from Morrisset and the three troopers, shows that there are men not many miles from us prepared to do almost anything. Pottinger and Morrisset are here and six troopers, and 'a black tracker, and we ate just starting out again. This part of the country yeally is in ft fearful state, and will, I am sore, g«t worse and worse. I am satisfied, from, what I have seen during the past week, when in company with the police, that it will be impossible to put busnrang ing down, unless the harborers are punished with the greatest severity. I believe there is scarcely a house between Mount Macquarie and the Abercrombie that will not afford any criminal shelter when required, and I am satisfied that there are hundreds of lads in that neighborhood under twenty, that would give one of then: eyes to have the same notoriety as Gilbert or Gardiner; They never work, never have worked, and they are, without exception, the flashest lot I ever saw. Something must be done by the Govern ment, or things will become worse and worse, and what will be the end of it no one can tell. You may depend upon it if the Government do not take the most stringent measures to punish most severely all har borers, bushranging and ite accompanying evil, not only never will be suppressed, but will daily, monthly, and yearly, get worse and wone, until con sequences will follow which I believe it would be difficult to over-rate.' Some considerable imposition and forgery appears to be going on in Victoria at present, to judge from the accounts of the Melbourne papers. At Ballarat, a quantity of base coin has been discovered in the shape of imitation half-sovereigns, resembling very closely those issued at the Sydney Mint. The forgery of trade marks is also carried on to a large extent, and the Leader gives the following account of them : — 'There are in Melbourne several lithographers and engravers whose business consists chiefly, if not wholly, in producing fac similes or forgeries of well known trade marks, which are used for the purpose of palming on the public, as genuine, inferior imita tions of favorite articles of consumption. The advertisements of these lithographic firms simply state somewhat mysteriously that there are 'labels on hand or to order ;' but we presume this intimation is quite intelligible to the unscrupulous class whom they would induce to become customers. On making inquiries, it is found that the labels ' on hand' con sist of a large stock of those for which there is proba bly a steady demand ; and if the lithographer has not got the required kind ready, it is only neces sary to bring him a specimen, and he will fabricate any number of exact fac similes. The engravers are thus guilty of deliberate forgery, but, perhaps, may be acquitted of ' felonious intent,' since they only execute, as they may consider themselves bound to do, the orders of their customers ; but there is no such excuse can be urged on behalf of those who 'utter.' It would seem that the chief demand is for copies of the labels of well-known English makers or exporters of malt liquors. The distinctive badges with which the public have become familiar on bottles of Bass's, AUsopp's, Marrian's, or Jonles's ales — ' bottled for exportation ;' or Byass's, Machen's, or Dumphv's stout, are always 'on hand' in large quantities. They are sold at the very low price of five shillings per thousand, but the tradesman will assure you that he could never afford to do this if it were not for the 'enormous demand.' This is an alarming revelation. The demand for forged trade labels is so great in Victoria that engravers can make a profit by selling them at a price which one might suppose would scarcely pay the cost of the paper and ink. Of course, the engraver's stock is not confined to this description of articles. Imitations of French brandy, and Scotch or Irish whisky labels, are also 'on hand;' but, as the production of these entails the exercise of more art, and the necessity of using a considerable variety of colors, the price is, of course, proportionately higher. Whenever the stock fails the engravers will produce the necessary forgery on 'reasonable terms,' so that no swindler in posse need despair of obtaining the artist's assistance to his schemes.' ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 