OPINION OF THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL ON THE NEW MUNICIPAL ACT. In arswer to an application from the Municipal Council of Fitzroy relative to an approaching elec tion, the Attorney-General has given the following opinion: — ' I am of opinion that the ' Municipal Corporations Act, 1863,' will come into operation on 1st October, not on 21st October ; when the council are to meet and proceed to put the Act into execution. I think. further, that the election announced to be held on the 5th proximo, cannot be considered to be a matter lawfully done before the commencement * of the Act in pursuance of the repealed provisions. That if it be held, it will have no legal effect. The question as to what will be the constitution of the Fitzroy council after the 1st of October is one of con siderable doubt ; I am disposed to the opinion that the council as it is now constituted will continue to be the council after the 1st proximo and that the three councillors who were to retire hi rotation will, under the new Act remain in office until August, 1864\. With respect to the chairman of the council there is not, I think, so much doubt ; his period of office would not expire under the present law on 30th September, but would continue until 5th October— the time fixed for the annual election section 18, Victoria No. 15, s.s. He will therefore be in office when the Municipal Corporations Act, 1863, comes into operation, and he will then be come mayor of the borough (section 123). With respect to the other retiring councillors, I am in clined to think that whether then: period of office be considered as terminating at the last moment of the last day of September, the end of the muni cipal year, or on the 5th proximo, when other councillors would have been elected hi their stead, they would be ' in office hi the municipal district' at the commencement of the Act (s. 28), and therefore they continue hi office until the annual election, 1864. (s. 38.) After 1st Ootober, the quorum of the council will con sist, I think, of five members. After 1st October, councillors must be 'capables,' as required by the new Act (s. 2S), that is to say, they must be per sons who, if a burgess roll had been complete on the 20th June last (s.s. 32-40) would have been en titled in respect of property of rateable value, amounting to £25, to be placed on the burgess roll. No person will be capable of continuing member of the council unless he was so qualified on 30th June, 1863\. It is not necessary that the qualification should have continued from that time, or that it should exist on 1st October. I am of opinion that the council will consist of seven members only, until tho first annual election in August, 1864 (s.s. 28-75.)— George Higinbotham. — 17th September, 1863.' A Comfortable Sentence. — In the Police Court a Chinaman was charged with stealing a shirt. The charge was proved, and the prisoner was sentenced to six months' imprisonment . in the Castlemaine gaol, the presiding magistrate, Lieutenant- Colonel Bull, remarking that the man had been out of gaol only a fortnight. Now, here is a case which we commend to the notice of those persons who believe in the efficiency of the present mode of punishing Chinese criminals. The prisoner presented a re markable contrast to those of his countrymen who maintain themselves by free labor. His round, burly form, clean and healthy aspect, were fan- evidence that the generous prison diet, pure air, and regular work provided for him in the gaol, agreed with his constitution, and that prison had not been to him a place of physical suffering. Desirable summer quarters are now ensured to him, and we have not the slightest doubt that, at the expiration of his sen tence, he will again throw the responsibility of sup porting him upon the system under which he has thriven so well. Perhaps if he were placed on a very low diet, made to do more than usually hard work, and his head shaved, he might be brought to recognise the rights of property, and would not be so ready to seek the (to him) pleasant retirement to the residence of which he is now an inmate. — M. A. Mail, September 23. A Ghost op a Boat. — We were, on Saturday last, invited to inspect about as curious a specimen of naval architecture as we have ever seen. It is a scull wager boat, built by Mr George Swindells, at his boat building establishment on the Eastern Beach, to the order of a well-known boating ama teur, and it is not yet quite finished. The boat is 31 foet 9 inohes long, 14 inches beam at the widest place, will draw when finished 3 inches and a half water at the stern, and about a quarter of an inch at the stem, and will weigh uuder twenty-six pounds. She is built of quarter inch cedar, with ash ribs, and deal frame, and is fastened with cop per -nails ; she has an elliptical bottom. Her out riggers will have four feet and a half spread ; these are not yet prepared for her, and Mr Swindells seems slightly puzzled to get them of the lightest material. To an unpractised eye this boat reminds one of some contrivanco made to resemble a boat which no body oan use as one, for it appears almost impossible for any one to get hi or out of it without such a frail shell turning over or upending. Even whon onco seated in it tho slightest inclination of the body to one side must result in a capsize. She is to be named ' The Ghost,' and although a little more substantial than those of Professor Pepper's, she is not wrongly named, as wo novor saw a more spoctral resemblance of a boat than this. Perhaps to those who understand and oan use her she may bo very fascinating and a very profitable thing, — -?««J-w-j! Mvertwr, September 2,1, 