CURRENT TOPICS. The Nortbam ig making an unusual long trip of it from King George'a >ound to Queenscliff ! Up to 2 o'clock this morniDg 110 news of her j had come to hand either from Cape Otway or ihe Heads. The consideration of the Land Bill is fixed for lbs evening. Mr Duffy made a feeble at'empt I yesterday to postpone the measure until Friday to afford an opportunity to look into the mea sure, but the Government obj'Cting to delay, Mr Duffy gave way. A criminal .information for libel was laid yesterday, at the Police Coutt by Mr M'Cann, M.L.A., againstMr Sidders. The alleged libel is contained in a letter lately published in the Chronicle, and signed " One who knows a thing or two." The case will bo heard on Monday .nest. To-night, at the Theatre, the Corio Dramatic I Society, with the assistance of Madame Gordon Hyde and Sirs A'Beckett Evans, give a per formance in aid-of the Poor-box. The pieces selected arc " Tho Poor. Gentleman," and " Cantebs and Tigers." The selection is a good ! one, and as to the object of the performance, we will not in'ult our readers by supposing that they are indifferent to it, or that. they will re quire to be advised to do their part of the duty— that of fil'iog the theatre. The match at quoits yesterday afternoon at the " Labour in Vain," in Collingivood, between the Fitzroy Select and the West End, Geelong, clubs, resulted in the latter being victorious by 10 points. The match wa3 well contested, and was the source of much enjoyment to the players on both sides as well as to those who were lookers on. The following were the scores made :— tVrsx Esd, Geeloso. Fitzrot Seieci. ffp'toa .. 41 Jlrde, jonr. ... CoJUgo 4J Youag .. . King ... 89.^ narkti JHcMuliia 22 Kidney Kelly .. 21 Hyde, scar. . .. Ifairfces ..41 TVafch Total ... . 205 - Total The Committee of the Ciiizena' Association met yesterday evening at the Mechanics* Insti tute, Charles Audrews.Efq., in the chair. The standing- committee on the Loop Line scheme, brought up a report that their attention had been called to the questinn put to the Govern ment on Friday last by Mr Smith, member for Bailarat, and a. communication had immediately bPcn' forwarded to the bon. the Commissioner of Railways on the subject. The report was adopted. A sub-committee, consisting, of Messrs Andrews, Anderson, and Port was appointed to collect data in reference to the existing luggage arrangements of. the Railway Department, and to the'present postal system, the latter with a view to give increased facilities to the trading community in their corres pondence with Melbourne. A discussion took place on the general postage fates, and it was resolved to m< inorialize the Government to establish an uniform twopenny rate to all parts of the country available by railway communi- i cation. In reference to. the question of Water Supply, the Chairman was requested to place himself in communication with the Water Sup ply Committee of the Town Council to ascertain how fur the views of that body agreed with those of the Association. It was considered that it would be impolitic at this, juncture to take any action that might interfere injuriously with the progress the Corporation are making in this matter. " Intelligence reached town yesterday of the death, by drowning, of Mr Samuel Parker, of Bellerine, brother-in law to the late Mr Mar- chant, who died by poisoning not long ago. The body of deceased was found in a water-hole yesterday, between Wallington and Portarling ton. An inquest will be held this day. ' M r M'Lellan, to use a homely phrase, is de termincd not to be snuffed but by the opposition shewn to his motion to expose the corrupt prac tices brought to bear upon members of the Legislature to influence their votes upon public measures, and has tabled a notice of motion lor Thursday next, which will virtually re-open the question, with the difference, that he will be pre pared, as he asserts, to make specific charges, with which the House will be competent to deal. At a meeting of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, held on Monday last, a special com. mittee w;i3 appointed to consider and report upon an Insolvency Bill prepared by Mr Bronck hurst, of the firm of Broockhurst, Smale, and Duerdin, solicitors, proposed to be introduced shortly before the Legislature. Tho desira bility of (fleeting an alteration in the time of the delivery of the- country mails, to afford opportunity for replies to correspondence being dispatched the same day, was ordered to be hrougbt under the notice of the postal au Yesterday's Bendigo Advertiser gives parti culars of another ou break among the navvies on the Ecliuca railway. For the last few days a very large number of m- n have been collected at Lower Huntley. At tbi3 portion of the line the contractors, Messrs Collier, Barry and Co, have put about fifty men at work, not at present being able to put on a greiter number, until preparations are completed. The men who were not put on to work have b°en grumbling for the last few days that the contractors have been the cause of bringing them from all parts of the country by their advertisements for men to work on the line, and that when they apply for work, they don't gi t it; that in consequence of the want of woik, they were spending what little money they have. That state of things continued until Monday, when they assembled to the number of about 300, and on being again refused by the over seers, they marched along the line to where Mr Chapman, the engineer, was engaged. Here they seized upon and seveiely maltreated one of the men, inflicting a very ugly cut on his head with a bludgeon. They then proceeded to the house where the tools were kept, anil destroyed property consisting of a dray, picks, shovels, and whe> lbarrows, to the amonnt of about L50. This destruction appeared to satisfy them, as they did no other damage. The most of the men afterwards returned to their tents. Information of the out rage was speedily forwarded to the police autho rities in " andhurst by Mr Collier, who was engaged on another portion of the line at the time. On receiving the information, Mr M'Lachlm. the Police Magistrate, accom panied by Superintendent Smith (who happened to be in Sandhurst on an official visit), Inspector Chomley, and about twenty of the police, horse and foot, proceeded to the fcene of the outrage. Arrived there. Mr M'Lachlan" took the informations of some of the overseers, and the ringleaders being pointed out, they were immediately arrested by the police and con. veyed into Sandhurst. A section of the police were left on the ground for protection. The Mining Commissioner's report is a most dreary looking volume of the blue- book genus. A. serious mistake has been committed in making the document so verbose. Portions of it are. in tbe weakest style of penny-a-line word spinning. An example of this peculiarity, and we take it almost at random, is the part relating to water supply "No question bearing upon the future prosperity of the mining communi ties H, as it appears to ub, of greater import ance than ihat of an increased supply ot water, which element is so absolutely necessory, not only as a most valuable assistant in almost all mining operations, but as a preventive of many diseases, now very destructive to the health of those populations which areof Centimes originated hv the consumption of impure water." In clause 84 the string of slip-shod truisms is continued. (t It would be difficult to over-estimate tbe sm portance of a constant and Mifficient water sup* ply for the gold fields. Almost ever since the sold discovery we have been accustomed, in the dry season of the year, to read in the reports from some of the gold fields, announcements'to the effect that the operations of the miners on those gold fields had been brought to a stand still for want of water. or that th^y were com pelled to cart their washdirt to some creek or waterhole some miles distant, at an expense which left them very little profit for their labor No one can doubt that if in previous years the Government had undertaken, or bad sufficiently encouraged capitalists to undertake, to supply tbe miners with water, the produce of our gold fields would have been very much greater than it has been." The public know all this, and have, like the commissioners, had the advantage of reading somethinglike it in reports from the cold fields any time these twelve yeats. Of such newspaper clippings nine tenths of the re port is made up. The mode of producing the patent ghost which waB exhibited at the Polytechnic in London, and is now walking the biards of the Haymarket Theatre in Melbourne, is thus ex plained by a correspondent of the Times : — " He is nothing more than the reflected image of a brightly illuminated object from the sur face of a flat piece of glass. The lights are lowered, and the spectators are in comparative darkness. The curtain is drawn, and discloses a dimly illuminated chamber called a s'udy, >md there you behold the Btudent, a living man, walking two and fro. This person is actually behind a large sheet of plate-glass, no laruer indeed than is to be seen in rna >v a shop ! window. The object to be ghostificd is con cealed in front of the $Um, and U brilliantly illuminated by the weH kriown liine li?^ recordance with the law of opucs, ths im '&e.; .the obj ct is redected from the glass_ to th spectator, so as to seem to them as far behind the glass as it is really in front of it .and th y^ owing to the obscurity of the chamb , enabled to detect the source of illusion. 