NDIGO ADVERTISES PUBLISHED 1)AJLT raoG3ESSio:>, oor SIGHTS, axd octr kesoorces. SANDHURST. FRIDAY, SEPT. 25, If03. THE 5IITCHELL-STREET RAILWAY CROSSING. OF all the numerous blunders committed 111 laving out the Melbourne and. Murray Kiver Railway, the greatest seems to hare been made at what is at present the terminus-Sandhurst. The passenger station, in itself a handsome building, has been flopped into a holJow, and is invisible, save to the residents of Qnarry-hiLl. A very useful structure-the goods shed-com modious and capacious enough, but as ugly as Newgate or a London brewery, drags its\ide ous length in front of the building which was once expected to be an ornament to the town. This jaiue pan is generally supposed to hare been the unfortunate result of the united eflorts of the Government engineers and the so-called Vigi lance Committee. Disagreeable people coming up from Melbourne have been found uncharit able enough to hint that the Town Council of Sandhurst were so jealous of any alien archi tectural decoration, that they prevailed upon the Department to block out from view the only presentable building in the Municipality. Of course the Council can afford to treat with I silent contempt any such base insinuation. Still, there is the handsome station, built to blush almost unseen, and waste its elegance upon the j favored few who are gifted with the faculty of seeing round a corner, while the goods shed looms large and dingy, a blot on the landscape from every point of the compass. ' But this is not the monstrosity we have now to complain of. On the Echnca side of the Sandhurst station, at the intersection of Mitchell-street with the railway, there is to be a bridge thrown over so lofty as to be not only a landmark to all Sandhurst, but which will be so inaccessible as absolutely to stop the traffic to the Sheepwash, which has been for years considerable, ancl which gives daily promise of increase. Should the original-verv original Government plans be carried out, the inhabitants of M'Laren-street, and the occupiers of frontages m the higher portion of Mitchell-street will require ladders before they can climb the Cemetery and Sheepwash road. As for vehicles unless some such contrivance as that which used to be adopted to raise passenger carriages from the Birmingham and Derby terminus to the Gloucester line, they will be left like the unhappy ghosts on the hither side of Styx, orantcs rqxa i&mm; amore. A level crossing ilr. Higinbotham declares to be an impossibility and liis reason is that it will be necessary to shunt the carriages on the Echuca line. There are grave doubts about this ruling, and I a general opinion exists that to the Engineer-in- I ; Chief sufficient for the day is the evil thereof I | It is, however, quite clear that if a level crossing were practicable in Mitchell-street, far less expense would be entailed in seeking material for " filling"' between Sandhurst and the "White Hills ; and also that the Sandhurst Station would he more risible and accessible than it is at present, air. Higinbotham is condemned out of his own mouth. He says, in one breath, that if a level crossing were made, the inhabi tants would, shortly after its establishment be petitioning Government for a bridge; anil mark the difference-that "a level crossing was entirely impracticable." Whatever " wise saws and modern instances" may have been adduced by Mr. Higinbotham to deter, or rather frighten the inhabitants from their fixed idea of having a level : crossing, he, by the very case he brought in point a level crossing at Peterborough in Northamp tonshire, England, tacitly acknowledged that such a thing was practicable at Sandhurst in County "Unnamed, "Victoria. We conceive that all who "use" the continuation of Mitchell street, the residents thereon, ancl the property owners in Mitchelland M'Laren streets would be quite willing to enter into a heavy bond to build a bridge, in case the level crossing did not please them-always supposing that the Government would not introduce eccentric switches and unne cessary cross-rails. The fact of the whole mat ter is, that there is no belief in Mr. Hi"in botham'a assertion that a level crossing is impracticable. In his own defence he haT ac tually acknowledged that it is, although assum ing that those who are now crying for ICuig Log will shortly pray for King Stork. Tt would be easy to adduce scores of instances where level crossings have not, after.years of using, been associated with danger to life or obstruction to traffic. There is a level cross'ing in Church-street, Richmond, past which trains run every quarter of an hour ; there is another in Lallarat East, over which the traffic is con siderable-many too on the Melbourne and suburban lines. When vro consider that at thej liighest computation not more than four trains will .traverse the Echuca line in twenty-four hours, and that there is a two-hundred acre paddock, :is a Railway Reserve, in almost any portion of which engines can disport themselves in nearly every direction, we' are quite at a loss in appreciating tlio objections of Mr. Iiigin bothitm. Should, however, the Engineer-in-cliief be obdu rate, and the Cabinet decline to interfere, there can be no doubt but that the property owners in the damaged streets ivill be entitled to compen sation. The error- originated between the Government and the Sandhurst Council, and if the former were foolish enough to accept the recommendation; of: the . latter, they being the more responsible party, should-pay the piper. ' 