NEWS AND NOTES. BY A SYDNEY MAN. CCXLVII. Terrible news you send us from the North. Floods at the Clarence, floods at Brisbane, floods at Rockhampton, and loss of life and damage to property also. We have just got intelligence, too, of the fire in Ipswich, so that with drought first, floods next, and conflagration afterwards, your mis- fortunes have been severe. No wonder to- day's telegram from Brisbane informs us that there is a "decline in whisky, tobacco, bottled beer, and rum." Why there should also be a decline in "hay " I caunot see, exception that the return of the hot weather after the floods has enabled you to make so much of that article while the sun shines ; but the falling off in the consumption of drink and of the weed may be accounted for easily enough. Seriously—and things all around are serious enoush—there is not much use in repining. It is very melancholy to road of the loss of life-melancholy indeed to hoar of it anywhere " There's nothing dies but something mourns." When wo reflect upon the anguish, almost too bitter for humanity to bear, that may be in- flicted by the mero departure of ono little lifo, like a rushlight blown out by a zephyr, wo ought to endeavour to think of thoso - larger misfortunes which crush whole fami- lies by a shipwreck, or similar calamity, or lenvo towns desolate by tho destruction of battle. What frightful affliction must havo been suffered in America I A medical gen- tleman of whom I had seen but too much lately, showed mo somo relics thnt he had picked up on tho ba'tie-field of Solferino. Among those wero a couple or regimental memorandum books, belonging to French soldiers. What paltry trifles amongst all tho dreadful spoils of that field, where in one - mound alone threo thousand demi bodies hud boen heaped up 1 Yet how painfully into resting would overy written lino in Hmso memorandum books bo in somo household whore the dead soldiers woro nursed ! Thero was an entry, looking quite fresh, of a pair of boots received the day beforo Ibo fight? received by the poor fellow to walk to his grave in. But, in short, ho only knows where thc shoe pinches who has lo wear it, Many a mourning voice und many a painfully-throb- bing heart will be in the mother- country when tho December mail gets homo. I ob serve that a correspondent republishes in a New Zealand paper somo very fair lines, written at Moreton Bay nt the time of the loss of the Sovereign, deeming them appro- * priate to the present melancholy occasion of the wreck of tho Orpheus. Tho moro wo - hear of this shocking affair (ho more room Ibero is for sorrowful indignation. Several other accounts have now appenred, agreeing in the mnin with tho first, but containing more particulars. I compile from those tho following:?About twelve, noon, tho Or- pheus was off tho bar, and had steam up nnd sails set, and was going about ton knots. Commodore Burnett had himself the ship in ohnrge. At half-past ono she struck (ho ground, but got off and moved onwards for five or tcu minutes more. Sho then struck heavily ; and, whon orders wero given to reverse the engines, it was found the shaft or screw was broken, nnd would not act. Some of the guns wero thrown overboard, and tho pinnace and cutter wero ordered out. Tho ship soon became imbedded in the sand, nud tho sea to break over her. Cap- tain Renner, Captain Wing, and the officers saved, all agree in thinking that the com- modore was entering the- harbor by tbe directions as laid down by Captain Drury in the Admiralty charts, as tho position of the Orpheus was in the exact lino of the Nino Pin rock, l'nrntutai, and Puponga, and that he must have been ignorant of tho fact that, sinco tho survey by Captain Drury was made, the middle chnnnel to tho Minnikin! lins shifted considerably to the northward, and tho spit on which tho Orpheus is wrecked is now on tho lino of entrnnco ns laid down by Captain Drury. The ship soon nftcr sho lind struck tho second timo began to fill rapidly, nnd tho oflicors and crow wero compelled to take to tho rigging. Hore tho ship loy rolling and breaking until pnst eight o'clock nt night. Mr. Tinline, nf Nelson, a passenger oo board the steamer Wonga Wonga, says:?" When we reached tho ship, it was nearly sis o'clock. Wo found hor hard aground on tho noil li and innermost end of the South Spit, Hie hull lying north and south, and almost buried. Thorp wero very heavy rollers con- tinually breaking ovor her, and the spray dashing into her lops. Tbe men were all clinging to tho rigging and bowsprit. She had a cant to seaward, and rolled heavily, and it seemed to us, from the wavy wny in which she wns lifted, that nlrcndy the had broken amidships. From tho heavy sea in ? tho channel, wo could not steam nearer than about two cables' length from her ; but the two ship's boals we had towed out, cast off, mid mude for tile wreck. They got to within 200 or 300 yards of her bow, whioh was as near as they possibly coulil'with safety to themselves, on account of the heavy breakers, and tho men from tho bowsprit began tn drop into the son and swim towards (ho boats. In this manner, 1 think, twolvo or fifteen wero saved, but, unfortunately, it was now getting dark, nm) tho bonis, nftcr about au hour and ahnlf of groat exertion, were ob- liged at last to return to our steamer. It was a heart breaking position for ali of us to feel our, utter powerlessness to givo that help which wo saw was overy instant mora and more required. Wo felt that tho ship must inevitably break tu pieces, and expected every minute to soe the masts go out of her. The flood-tldo wns now making; and, it boing dark, Captain Renner brought tho steamer to un anchor In the channel, about from threo*quarters to a milo insido the wreck. From some of tho men just saved from tlio bowsprit, we learned that, after tho pinnace and cuttor had loft the ship, the Commodore had ordered the launch to be manned,' and that she bad been dashed to pieces ot tho ship's side, and her crew, of about 40 men, bad all been lost. All of us ou board tho Wonga Wouga kept gazing at the unfortunate wreck, which wns indistinctly visiblo to windward, and, about half past eight, we hoard loud cries from tho shipwrecked peoplo, and almost immediately the mainmast was seen to disappear. Captain Renner ordered tho two boals which wero still in tow to pull in tho direction of tho wailing cries, and oaused bhio lights to be burnell. Ahout a quarter of an hour after tho disappearing of tho mainmast, tho fore nnd nmen masts wero also observed to be gone. From tho cries that continued to he heard to the iotith of na, wo knew that por- tions of Hie wiock must be drifting in with Ibo flood fido, nml in this direction tho bonis hud gonn. Up lo half-past nine, tho plnnaoo. hail returned to us twice, bringing half drowned men oq both occasions, and our own small boat was also sent off hy our captain in tho wake of tho cries of ono poor fellow who was rapidly drifting pnst us, and bira they fortunately rescued." The latest Auckland papers report that no moro bodies lind boen picked np, but search was to be made along tho shores ol' tha entrance to Mniiuknii. Thnt tho shifting of tho channel had long hceu known appears fully from tho follow*, inji which appeared in tho New Zealander nearly two years ago j?*" Boing ordered to. proceed'to Taranaki, on Ihe 27th April, ns Sllot on board her Majesty's steamship [iranda, Commander Glynn, I discovered to my surprise that the har of tho Mannkau had shifted considerably to tho northward siuco I last made tho passage. Tho course laid down by chart is north-east'hy east, tho Nine pin rock Paratufai and I'opongi in ono. Tho courso nt present, to be steered should be north-east hy east J cast, the Nino-pin a full breadth open to thu southward of 1'itra tuttii. Yours, Ssc, II. Marks, Command- ing II.M. Colonial Gun-boat Caroline. Onchunga, May 4th, 1801." This was followed by a similar nolico in the Auehlund Government Gazelle. The question ia, wns tho Admiralty apprised of lt ? And, if so, why wns not Commodore Burnett, who leftKnglnnd hut n few months ngo for service moro particularly in New Zealand, furnished with corrected sailing directions? The consequences of this neglect ? *o awful. The very latest intelligence from tho scene of conflict in America is by way of California. Thc following appears to bo thc only additional item of importanco:? General Burnside's official report of tho battle of Fredericksburg is tublished. Ile assumes tho responsibility of moving the army across theRappahanuock at Fredericks burg eoonor, and nt different places, from that anticipated by the President, Secretary of War, and General Ilnllock, and assigns as the reasons thal during thc prepa- rations for crossing at the placo lie first selected, lie discovered the enemy lind thrown a large portion of his force down the river, thus weakening his defences in front; and he hoped, by throwing his whola com- mand rapidly over that place, to separate, by a vigorous attack, the forces of the enemy below from tho forco behind tho town, iii which caso wo could fight him with n great advantage in our favor j but for an unex- pected and unavoidable delny in building the bridges, which gavo the enemy twenty four hours to concontrato his forces in a strong position, would almost certainly have succeeded, In which case the battle would have been more decisive than if ho had crossed at tho placo first selected. As it wns, wo come very near a success, failing, however, in tho accomplishment of thc mnin object. We remained in lino of hattlo two days?long enough to decido that the enemy would not come out of his stronghold to fight us?after which wo rc-crostcd the river. Tho men returned to their respective camping grounds, not tho least discouraged or demoralized. Ile adds tba fact that ho decided to move from Warronton on this line, rather against thc opinion of the Presi- dent, tho Secretary of War, and General Ilalleck, and that thu movement being loft in his hands makes him responsible. Crime is hy no means diminishing wilh ns, notwithstanding the late signal ex- amples of punishment. The supposed escort robbers arc again on their trial to- day, and lt is now pretty well known that two of thu criminals lately found guilty of robbery am\ wounding, namely, Alexander and Charles Boss, will be loft for execution, though the govornment will not officially decide until nfter these other trials aro over. O'Connor, the third criminal engaged with tho liosscs, will most likely have Ids sentence committed to fifteen years on tho roads-, tho first year, or two years, in irons. Hy tho bye, nnd apropos of the escort robbery, I havo hoard from protty good authority that ono of the prisoners is disposed to make a confession, Ilia declaration being thnt although he is guilty the other two indicted with him are innocent. This wo shall no doubt hear more of by nnd bye. But, although these terri bio punishments nro being awarded, nnd likely to bo awarded, far thc outrages com- mitted on society, thero is, I repeat, no diminution of those crimes. And tho worst cfit is, that they are accompanied by mur der. A southern paper of the 18th reports that on Sunday evening, o littlo In- fore dusk, two men on horsehnck, well armed, roda up to an hotel kopt hy a Gorman named Cirkel, at Btoncy Creek, near Lambing Flat, and, as we nro informed, without r. word of preface,, ono of thom deliberately shot tho man dead, tho ball penetrating his temple. They nt onco mndo off, mid Cirkel never spoke niter wards. Another account nlates that thc men attempted to rob him, and that as ho ro nistcd tho shot wns fired, but wo believe the former version is tho correct one. It is rumoured that Cirkel having given some in- formation respecting tho movements of bushrangers lcd td the crime being com- mitted. This shows that thc bushrangers nre com- pletely master?, and tho terrorism which they hold over all who are disposed to side with society, is a sufficient commentary upon those reproaches which one our newspapers casts upon thcuprotecled settlers whoso lives are exposed to thesn murderers, I heartily hope that tho gallows will have abundant fruit this session mid for tho next few moulin?, always provided that the convictions are correct, for wo hove now to deal wjlh os great a swarm of rascals as cvor breathed Australian air during the worst.days of con victisra. It is pleasant and agreeable nt such a time to find the British peoplo once more talking of the resumption of transportation ; but I think there is no jolly fear, notwithstanding the cflbrts of " Sir Nicholson " and others, that British convicts will again be landed on tho east, north, or south coast ,'of Australia. I must confess that I view far more favora- bly thc project put forth in tho Times, to send tho incorrigibles to New Guinea, though the place is too near to Capo York to bu altogether acceptable. But why, in thc name of reason, wero not the Fiji Islands taken possession of when offered, and arrangements made for establishing a place of transportation there. Some of tho London gitrotlers?wretches liko the brute Gilbert, who outraged arid murdered Miss Hall? might not bo struck with terror nt the idea of removing their encrgolic talents to the vicinity of an Australian gold-field; hut tho prospect of having their villainous car caaeB broiled for dinner by a tribe of Fijians might possibly havo n more determined effect. In connection with.Australian colonisa- tion, thc China news that reaches ns by way of India is of no small importance. Yon will see that a meeting was held at thc Geographical Society on the 8ih of December last, when Captain Sherard Osborne, com- manding Ibo naval expedition now being fitted out for the service of Prince Kuugin China, and Mr. Lay, tho Commissioner of tho Cbiuose empire in this matter, pretty freely laid their ideas and intentions beforo tho assemblage. Their project amounts to this:?Tho Taiping " rebels" having been driven down towards the sc_ coast, it is now proposed to bring tho whale force of Bruie!) volunteer aid to Hie furthir assistance of Ibo Imperial forces?in fact to conquer the Tnlpiogs without any particular reliance upon Chinese assistance. lt is then proposed, instead of having re- course to the horrible slaughters which have distinguished tho Chiuese ou both sides dur- ing lids war, to ship off tho whole of tho Taiping army to tho islands of thc Eastern Archipelago, and keep them thero to culti vate tho soil and fouud a now nation -, then Imperial China will be rid of hor most dan- gerous classes, and the western conquerors will assuredly ho masters of the situation. Tho end may, and in fact seems pretty sure tn be, thut tho potentates of China will come to occupy much the tame poiitlon willi reference to tho British qucllcrs of tho Tai- j p'ng robollion, as tho princos of Tndia do with relation to the British Government; What share France may havo in this, or whether our Gallic friends will bo allowed to meddle in the affairs of Turkey on condition of being passive and consenting in this maller, we must walt to seo. Anyhow, Na- poleon haB got a firm footing in Cochin China. But you are peculiarly interested in tho proposal to ship tho Tai pings off?whon thoy catch them of course?to the Unstorn Archipelago. If they take to nautical ad- venture as naturally as some of their coun- trymen, they will be soon paying flying visits to your north coast, and we may ali feel sure that thoy will be regarded with longing eyes by certain parties, as a capital means of cheapening tho labor mniket. On this poiut you will, I nm certain, agree with somo recent remarks of tho Empire, in rofe reuco lo the gross inconsistency of tlioso who have protended to oppose British transporta- tion, yet favor Ihe introduction of the Mon- gols. " Tho demoralisation to be appre- hended hy the community at largo from tho inpouriug of couvictod criminals was tbo first ground of objection. Tho consequent deterioration of our character in the eyes of the world moy be said to have been the second, togelher with the effect it would naturally have in diverting or deterring from our shoiea the stream of free European im- migration. The third was grounded on thc fear that Ibis obnoxious element of tho population, if once admitted, might be- come unduly predominant. Fourthly, tho numerical preponderance of the male sex? supposed to he au insuperable adjunct of tho system, and inevitably injurious to social morals?was put forward aud treated of al length as an insuperable obstnelo to tho healthy play of the convict system, in rein tion to tho principles of human nature. Fifthly, the generation of invidious class dis. linclions, and the growth nnd presence of an inferior and degraded caste, was urged ns most pernicious, yet necessary and certain consequences of the system. And lastly, it was contended that it would be found im- practicable to maintain, iu a community so vitiated in its composition, tho forms and privileges belonging to free institutions. Such nre the principal objections, briefly slated, on which (hu opposition to tho rcnewui of ihe transportation system was grounded. But nro they not thc same in kind, though not in number and degree, with those which have been urged ngainst Chinese immigra- tion ? Which of them, from the first lo thc hist, is not applicable in a higher degree to an unlimited influx of Chinese bnrliaiiuns than to n 'regulated ingress of English convicts?" Mr. Gladstone, however, who attended the meeting of tho Geographical Society before referred to, evidently regarded tho purposes of the China expedition ns most beneficial in tendency, nnd viewed them as conducive to civilisation nnd the spread of Christianity. Most people who attentively | reflect upou thc caso will probably coincide with this opinion, ami, while somewhat Bensilivo as (o Ibo proximity of (ho Chinese cul throats, look forward to another century ns likely to effect a vast intolleclu.il anil morai improvement iu the China seas. And so, while we, that is our British brothers, oro trying to press (he Bible into tho servico of the Chinese, tho book is being severely criticised amongst ourselves. I don't intond to go into the subject of Dr. Coleiisn's strictures; but, freely confessing that tbo Essays and Reviews were perused by me with much pleasure nnd assuredly no irreverence, I yet soe something very potty nnd small nbout Dr. Colenso's ob jeclions. Ilo takes ¦ up paltry ground? thinks like a theological mosquito. As to his strong points about the Isruelilish camp, a correspondent, in a short note to the editor of a London journal, touches tho exact query which hod arisen in my own mimi. Hero is the note :? "Will it solve any of Dr. Colonso's difli cultios to romemhor?1st. That though theic was one encampment, thero might bc about a doj*cn camps among tho Israelites ; 2nd. Thnt somo commandments, as appears from Dont, xii. 1, wero given to ho observed in tho hind of promise??Yours truly, "A.B.C. " Swansea, November 20, 18fi_. "P.S.?A had thing to take things by the wrong handle." As to another vory important point of dis puto, tho astronomical miracle involved in the standing still of tho sun upon Gideon, and the. moon in the valley of Ajalou, another correspondent gives Ihe following, which I copy without rouiarks, though thero is room for much :? " Thc veracity of tho incident in connec- tion with Joshua's commanding tho sun to stand still, iu company with others, being doubted, you will, of course, give publication to tho following extract from Morison's ' Re- ligious History of Mau,' as tending to olucidnto tlie mystery :?' How plainly it shows,' say tho wiso mon, ' that tho writers of the Bible, or tho actors in it, knew nothing of astronomy when Joshua is said to have commanded the sun to stand still!" How plainly it shows how very littlo attention is paid to tho language Joshua spake, when thoso who ought to havo known seem tobe ignorant that thero are two words in tho Hebrew language, tho one signifying the body of, nnd tho other tho light proceeding from, the sun ; and that Joshua commanded the light of or from the sun to romain upon Gideon! thus speaking the plain, intelligible langiiftgo of common sense, without interfering with any system of astronomy ever pro- fessed either by Jew or Gentile.' " Ono thing moro nbout Dr. Colenso and his book. The Saturday Review says :?"Dr. Colenso hns been employing the comparative leisuro of a colonial bishopric in the applica- tion of arithmetical criticism to the Penta- teuch. It happens that we havo employed somo of tho leisure of tho long vacation in tho application of a similar test to some of Scott's novels, of which a cheap reissue ia now publishing. If we might venture to draw such a parallel, wo should say that our admiration for theso novels, like Bishop Colenso, reverence for tho Bible, is quite unaffected hy the author's apparent di3rc gaid of such considerations as numbers, weight, space, and time." So that, because Scolt, in spite of many trivial mistakes, has left us some splendid romanoos, which do not, on the whole, shock probability, an ob- servation o? a similar kind may bo applied to the Pentateuch, the fjucstion being whether the books composing it. aro or nre not the ofl'spripgs of Divine inspiration. I allude to this to show what queer positions may be occupied on such subjects. But I suppose it will not be denied, as a general principle, that wo are all growing wiser as wo grow older, and that " the thoughts of men aro widened by tho process of tho suns." A correspondent in a daily paper publishes some particulars of a bearded woman who hung out in Spain some threo hundred years ago, nod wns canonised and regarded with the most pious adoration because of the hirsute adornment on her chin. TM* is apropos of smother bearded woman, "Madame gliio," who has begun to exhibit here. 1 havo not ssen the horso niarine, and don't intond, but I have seen what profoi-ses to be an accurate por trait of her, ami I will give you an ido.i what a sweet creature she must be. Instead of bearing tho very slightest outward reseui blanoo to i} woman, she ib Biron?, broad, and muscular, with a fupo that would be exactly sullablo for, say a votoran seaman or gold-digjjer, coarsely marked by muscular lines, and tho chin, throat, nnd chocks, covered with stiff, heavy., whiskers. Lot no ono flatter himself that "lin's prodigy isa mild-faced woman, with a soft beard falling from tho chin. She, or he, is a fellow whom you might expect to soo standing beforo Mace or Brottlo, in a twcnly-four.feot ring, nud able to give, and tako a vast amount ol' punishment. Hor husband, or rather 'his husband, is a moro lnilk-nnd-walcrish sort of fellow. Ho imitates birds, &c;, hy whistling. Thoir son, n tittle boy, it is said, has a hoard also. They nre a wonderful, and, I doubt not, nn amiable family. Public amusements, of which I supposo this must be callod one, arc in fact rather plentiful just now. Tho opera company will not appear until tho now Prince of Wales Theatre is open ; hut we have still tho Marsh troupe, aud Bartine, who leaps from swiug to swing with won- derful activity ; the court minstrels?niggers who dress in the full toggery of George the Second's days; Mrs. Ewrcste and her lec- tures ; Mr. T. It. Hill and his elocutionary ditto; Mr. C. You ugo and a company of comedians at the Tompcranco Hall, both theatres being engaged, &c;, &c.; Although far he it from mo to draw any comparisons betweon bearded women mid fast ladies, it may yet bo possible for physi- ologists to trace somo connection by-and bye, just ns they now make us all out to he morely impostor- gorillas, no bolter than the fellows who don't wear clothing, hut too great a aot of humbugs to confess what wo aro. Lady Morgan's memoirs have lately been published, and they seem to be full of readable nnd curious anecdotes of and re- ferences to her own times mid contempora- ries. Of these, tho famous Lady Cnroliuc Lamb occupies a prominent .figure, ns she does also, in n less degree, in that naughty poora Don Juan. A letter from this lady to Lady Morgan is published, and here is tho fine, feminine character sho gives herosolf:? " My mother, having boys, wished ardently fora girl; and I, who evidently ought to havo been n soldier, was found a naughty girl? forward, talking liko Itichnrd tho Third 1 was a trouble, not a pleasure, all my child- hood, for which reason, after my roturn from Italy, where I was from tho ngo of four until nine, I was ordered hy tho lato Br. Warro neither to learn anything nor to seo anyone, for fear tho violent passions, and strango whims they found in mo should lend to mad- ness ; of which, however, ho assured ovary ono thora woro no symptoms. I differ, hut tho omi wns, that until fifteen I learned nothing." What sho began to learn aboul that time wo may gather from tho sequel. "Dr. Warro" seems to have boen a humbug. What sho wanted was?plenty of physic, shower baths, and a birch every morning. However, she grit married lo William Lamb, and, after having threo children, commenced her acquaintance with Lord Byron, who be- came a constant visitor at Melbourne House. Hear the lady again :? "My mother grew misorablo, and did every- thing in her power to break off tho connection. She at last brought mo to consent to go to Irolunil with her and papa. Byron wrote mo that letter which I have shown you. While in Ireland, [ received lottors constantly,?thc most tender and tho most amusing. Wo hail got to Dublin, on our wny home, whoro my mother brought me it letter. Thero was n coronet ou the seal. Tho initials nuder the coronet wore. Lady Oxford's, lt wns that cruel litter 1 linvu published in Glenarvon : it destroyed mo; Most my brain. I was bled, leeched ; kept fora week in tho filthy Dolphin lim, nt Kock. On my return, I was in great prostration of mind and spirit. Thou came my fracas with tho pago, which mado such noiso. He was a littlo -espieglc, nnd would throw detonating hulls into the fire. Lord Melbourne always scolilod nie for this ; and I, thu boy. Ono day I was playing bull with him. Ho threw a squib into thu fire, mid I threw tho ball ut his head. It hit him on tho temple, and ho bled. Ho cried out, ' Oh, my Indy, you have killed mu I' Out of my souses, I flow into thu hall, and screamed, 'Oh Gail, I havo 'murdered tho pago 1 ' Tho servants and peoplo in tho streets caught thc sound, and it wns soon spread nbout. William Lamb would livo willi mo no lunger. All lils Tinnily united in insisting on our separation. "Whilst this wna going on, and instruments drawing nut?that is, in one month?I wrote and sent Glenarvon to tho press. I wrote it, unknown to nil, (suva n governess, Miss Welsh,) in tho middle of tho night, lt wns necessary to have it copied out. I had hoard of a famous copier, nn old Mr. Woodburn!. I sont to bog ho would como to seo Lady Caro lino Lamb nt Melbourne Houso. I placed Miss Wulsh, elegantly dressed, nt my harp, and myself at a writing table, dressed in tho page's clothes, looking a hoy of fourteen. Ho addressed Miss Welsh ns Lilly Caroline. She showed him tho author. Hu would not be- lieve that this schoolboy could write such a thing. Ho cunio to roo mo nguiu in n few days, mid lie found me in my own clothes. I told him William Ormond, the young author, was dead. Whon tho work was printed, I sent it to Willimill Lninb. Hu was delighted willi it; mid we became united just as tho world thought we were parted for ever. Tho scene nt Brocket-hall (In tho novel ol' Glen- arvon) wns true. Lord Byron's death?thu ghost appearing to her?her distinction athis ilcntli. Mcilwin's talk completed' her dis- tress." lt was a very nico state of society, that in tho limos of tho llogcnt and George- IV. Billy Lamb sectus to havo beon exactly what his name would imply, aud his complaisance was most convenient I Let ns tum to something moro agreeable. Has the Courier yot published tho lines ! said to have been written hy Thomas Jeffer- son Jackson, alias " Stonewall" Jackson, while serving as a young officer In Mexico ; if not, herc they arc. In the prosont days of " mysterious" poetry, whon nothing that you cnn possibly understand is allowed to bo worth readlug, the plain, manly, simple pathos of these lines render them well worthy of preservation, especially as they seem to afford another, proof in addition to I the many already established by history, of tho deep feeling that may exist in the breast of a stern and terrible warrior: The tattoo heats, tho lights are _one, The i-iunp around ill slum her lies, Tho night with solemn pace moves on, The shadows thicken o'er the skies j lint sleep my weary eyes hath flown, And sud, uneasy thoughts nj-iso, - I think of tlie, oh, dearest one, Whose love my early life bulli blest? I Of thee and him?oiirluby sun? Who Bluinliers on thy gentle breast. God of the tender, frail, mid lone, Oh, guard tho tender sleeper's rest. And hover gently, hover near 'i'oher, ivho'c watchful eye is wet? To motlier, wife?the doubly dear fi| whoso young heart hnvo freddy met Two streams of lovo so deep mid elimp, Aiideheor her drooping spirits yot, Now, willie she kneels before Thy throne, Oh, tench her, Itulcr of tho skies, Thnt, while by Thy holiest nloiic, Kurth's mightiest poners full or ri*e, lia lenti ls we||t lo t]|0 unknown, No Ililli* is lost, no sparrow dies! Thnt Thou canst shiv the ruthless hnnils Of dark disease, lind sooth its pain ; Thnt only by thy stern comninnili ' Tho b-ttlo's loi', tho soldier's slain? That from the distant sea or lund Thou bring-t tho wanderer home nguiu. And when upon lier pillow lone J fer tear-wet check is sadly prcst, -M'-i.V liii|i|iiei: ylsioi'S lterj.ni u-ior, t Tito ''lightening current bf lier breast, Ko frowning look nor uugrv tone, Disturb tho Sabbath ol'lier rest. Whatever Tuto thoso forms mny show, Imvoil with a passion almost wild? Jly day hy night?In joy or woo- lly tears oppressed, ur hopes beguiled, 1 .uni every danger, every roe, Vii, dod protect my ir ile mid child I s What a shook to inni fi-mn this devout and j sweetly affectionate aspiration, to un- " iiu ¦ provement," which some, -miserable dunder- head made upon tho iinlliom of God Save | tho Queen-, mid" which, ns we may learn on i rolinblo authority " was sung on thc Prince of Wales' birthday," Unit is in Novembor Inst, '" by Miss ¦ Pyno, ut Covent Garden 'riioatro." Hero is tho " poetical kag-nug ": Lo! a great nation's prayer liings.upivarils thro' the'nlr ¦ Soleinn anil grand. And ns one voice, so nil, Iioril, let thy blessing full On lum, whom we all skull call, King of tlie lund. " The singing of this verso " wo nre told, "created groat enthusiasm, and tho cheering wns. hourly in the extreme." Tho audience must havo boon all drunk. No doubt they had beon keeping up tho day. Uer Majesty the Queen has caiued the publication of a book containing memorials of tho late Princo Consort. The object in to lot tho nation know, and to place on record, the devotion of the lalo Prince to tho true interests of tho empire, and his disinterested- ness ns regarded himself. It is a Queenly ' and wifo-iike desire, and must bo respected even by tlnse who begin to think that thoy have hoard enough about l'rincc Albert. The Herald says :?" As the result of the communications between Mr. Cowper nud Mr. Macalister (tho Aoting Colonial Secre- tary at Brisbane), with reference to tho col- lection of duties on tho northern boundary, it has been arranged fer Mr. Cowper to visit Brisbane, to discuss with tho Queensland Government measures for the amicable settlement of the dilliculty. MY. Cowper will leave Sydney about tho 1st March, and will probably be absent a little less than a fortnight, returning in time to nttond tho Intercolonial Conference at Melbourne, which is to take place about thu 17th of that month. Other malters affecting thu mutual interests of ibo two colonies will probably bo discussed by Mr. Cowper willi Sir Georgo Bowen mid his ministers ; two of which will be?tbo ex- tension of tho telegraph along tho. northolm coast to meet the projected lino from Europe, and steam communication via Torres Straits. It seems not ipiprobnble, also, that you may have visits of a moro sporting character before long. Tho cricketers in Sydney enter- tain very favorably the idea of a mutch with Queensland', but, independently of ibis, thoro is another matter. Tho Vic- torian ciicketeis, dissatisfied with tho result ol' their hist gnuie, hare resolved to challenge the Syduey men to meet them in Melbourne, nnd ns it is shrewdly suspected that the object is to in- sult or annoy, a suggestion hns, 1 know, boen made to somo of those who take a deep In- terest In cricketing in Sydnoy, to offer lo accept llieclmllengo, provided that the match come nfl' in Queensland on neutral grouud. Whether or liol the Sydney cricketers will adopt this suggestion and muke such nu oller, I don't know, of course ; but the bini hus been offered. Tho name of his Honor the Chief Justici of Queensland is very suggestive. Botwcei Cockle and Oyster there's no great difference, and lawyers are proverbial for laking ii clients by handing them tho shells of the.**i crushi!.- unlil thoy take in ibo fish for Ihcii own nutriment. It is to be hoped ilia' Cocklo will never remind you of Oyster Bul really?ami I hope lhere is no harm ii this?you muster some funnily appropriate names in Qiioonslnud. Here, for iuulnuce, is a Rockhampton journal telling ' in of ona Mr. Ram holding forth to tho public at tho Golden Fleece. Everyone must ndmiro (ho singular good taste of Ram in putting lip at the Fleece, and wo must all hopo that ho managed to get oft* without being too closely shorn, though ibo -Rockhampton journal seems to liiul. that such n I nsk would bo ns difficult as shearing a norker. Thou, ng.u'n, we have at the snmo pince ii practising solici- tor, named Bellows ? very erroneously spelt Bellas, I nm lorry to soo. Bellows seems to be iu good wind, and has plenty lo say for the clients. What sould bo more nppropiialo limn this? How ex- pressive lo road that " Mr. Hallows ad- dressed tho court for sevon hours !" I can only hopo that thoro will never bo a fl-iw in Bellows; that ho will never bo bellows to mond. Messrs. Hoskins nnd Buchannnn havo both, it is said, got berths on Hie roads; I don't moan from any of tho judges of tho Supremo Court, bul from that excellent political judge, thu Hon. C. Cowper. Somo little outcry is mndo nbout this ; but sure what burrum ? for all 1 can seo, tho men nre fit for their berths, mid no great ciiuio has been committed on either niile. Hero is what thc Herald says with re- ference to the proposed intercolonial cricket mutch willi Queensland :?" We learn from late Brisbane papers, thnt nt thc annual meeting of tho Brisbane Cricket Club, held on tho 17th instant, tim Hon. D. F. Roberts in lim chair, tho question of a coutest be- tween tho Eleven of New South Wales ngaiust fifteen of Queensland was freely dis- cussed mid warmly entcitaincd. Thu com- mittee of tho Club was appointed to wait upon Mr. W. Fairfax, on his arrival from Sydnoy, lo obtain every information regard- ing the proposal, In order to give effect to tho suggestion, elforts aro being made in Brisbnno to secure thu names of all players, from whom Ibo fifteen will bu selected, com- prising tho clubs in tho city, Ipswich, Toowoomba, Warwick, Rockhampton, &c.; Steps have already boon tnkon to prepare the ground for tlie event, and ns thero ap- pears to be a general desire in Sydnoy and Brisbane that the match should be played, it is anticipated that during July ur August the first intercolonial cricket match will come off between New South Wales nnd Queensland. Tho body of Jlr- Beresford Hudson, long miking from Newcastle, hus boen found, in a slnto of decay, under tho Red Head Cliff.!, by tho sea shore, The case of Mr. Ha!!, narrated in thc English papers, is remarkably like that of Robert Melville; and the facility afforded by Ibo existing praotiec of immuring a sane man as a lunatic has excited as much atten- tion iu England as it recently did here., I have taken all your space, and must, perforce, cave in. Monday aftornoon, 33rd February. Oun Port Denison correspondent supplies an interesting account of a whito man re- claimed to civilisation aftor seveutcon yours' rosidenco with tho^ aboriginal inhabitants of tho north coast. Not being lu possession of any further details than thoso uccortled by him, it would be superfluous to recapitulate thuin; but the circumstance undoubtedly gives food for spicnhition and furnishes a rivul parallel to tho Viutorian Bickley. This happily rcchiiuiad savage should, if possessed ol' ordinary intelligence, and not liriitnlisud by protracted association with the blacks, be an invaluable assistant to parties opening up tlio terra incognita of Ibo north to the ns yet unknown historian of tlio native customs aud manners, and to thu scientific world in genoral. Think of seventeen years'experience of a lifj analagnus tq thu ferd, tlni gradual obliterations ol the civilised and initiation into tlio barbarian form of existence. Wo would givo a trifle to hold unrestrained com- munion with this wonderful exemplification of savage clemency, to luarn tl'q secrets of native unhallowed, rites and proenro an nu iinlhui'tio momoriol of a raco rapidly disap- pearing from tho fiicu of tho world.?Rock- hampton Bulletin, 