PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. Prince of Wales Theatre.— On Tuesday Mr. and Mrs. Kean appeared for the first time in comedy since their engagement in Sydney,- the ' play selected being Shakspeare's Much Ado About Nothing. The profound impression Mr. and Mrs. Kean had created by their consummate skill in the higher regions of the histrionic att had raised some curiosity to know whether their versatility of talent was so great that they would appear to equal* ad vantages in its lighter branches ; the performance ot Mucn Ado Aoout JNotning set tne matter, at rest and entirely convinced those who were sceptical on the point (if any such there were) that these distin* guished artists are as capable of giving effect to the most brilliant comedy as of interpreting the grand est creations of the tragic muse. The edax rerum has dealt tenderly with Mrs. Charles Kean, and if she is somewhat more matronly in appearance than w'heh we first remember we are still carried away by the same irresistible charm of voice and manner, the same buoyancy of spirits, the same brilliancy, the same vivacity that fascinated us when we saw Ellen Tree in the same part. Of all Shakspeare's female comic characters there is none probably that carries us awayso completely as Beatrice, none that we laugh so heartily with ; we enjoy her wit, the more because it 'is not tainted by the slightest shade of malice, but is the offspring of lightness of heart and kind liness of disposition. At th8 commencement of the . play where she has her first tilting : match with Benedick, she seized upon the audience and carried them away with her 'in triumph until the curtain fell. Mr. Kean was no less success rul as Bensdick who, although he fights manfully ajainst the wiles of woman, and the quicksands of matrimony is nevertheless no match for the arrows of wit of which. Beatrice makes him the mark, and which, together with the influence of her beauty at length force him to surrender at discretion. Anyone can perceive from, the beginning of the play that the two principal personages in it have a lurking affection for each other, and if Hero the Prince and Claudio had not hit on so clever a scheme to bring them together, it ia-more than likely they would have found one for themselves. Mr. Kean's acting throughout was irresistibly comic, more particularly in the scene in which he becomes acquainted with the supposed af ection that Beatrice entertains for him, that in which, he is made the butt of his friends' ridicule for his sudden change in disposition, and that in the chapel with Beatrice after Claudio's rejection of Hero. Miss Chapman as Hero, Mr. Everett as the Prince, Mr. Cathcart as Claudio and the regular members of the company are entitled to great praise. On Wednesday Mr.Keanappearedas Hamlet, certainly the greatest of his dramatic impersonations that have yet been presented to -the public of Sydney. Mrs. Kean's performance of the Queen is also worthy of the highest praise. The closet scene, the only one in this wonderful play in which the guilty raobhetand -~ her son, called to avenge his father's death, nave4 9^ stage entirely to themselves, was a masterpiece of dramatic skill on both sides and to our mind the finest in the whole tragedy. Miss Chapman ae Ophelia gave evidence of the care in which her dramatic education has been conducted under such able tuitioH, Mr. Everett's Horatio was an intelli gent and gentlemanly performance, Mr. Cathcart, although his Leontes is worthy of considerable praise, has a violence of emphasis and action which detracts from the merit of his performance, and Mr. Barry was sufficiently-unearthly -as the ghost. Mr! Bartlett looked rather iuveailfc aa Hamlet's nnMp_J father perhaps intentionally so ; very likely Claudius may h .ve been a score of years or so younger than his brother whom he so cleverly dispatched,°and we know that ladies of a certain age do sometimes take a fancy to gentlemen not quite so mature themselves If the queen had a son thirty years old it is evident that she could not have been in th*- firef t»t« ? * youth. Victoria Theatre.— King Henry VIII which was produced under the direction of Mr. Charles Dillon last season with so much success, wa3 re. vived on Saturday, the- dresses, scenery and stage accessories being presented in the same excellent style as upon its first production. The difficult part of Wolsey was again played by Mr. Dillon with that nice appreciation of the character of the great cardinal. minister which distinguished his interpre tation of it on his former appearance, the part of the Kingwas performed by Mr. Burford with that traditional roughness of manner which is supposed ? to have been one of Henry's leading characteristics, and Mr. Appleton's Cromwell was quietly and very effectively rendered, Mrs. Dillon gave us a faithful portraiture of the injured Queen and played very impressively, particularly in the trial scene and that wneie sne aies ana in wnicn the descent of the angels over her dying couch is so skilfully managed. On Wednesday Lord Byron's Werner was produced for the first time for many ye.ars in Sydney. It is well known thatLord Byron never intended his tragedies for dramatic representation, he wrnfesspd *n h,.. written them merely as dramatic poems, but many of them have been from time to time represented on the stage, Werner we believe being, among the whole of them, the best fitted lor that purpose. Mr, Dil lon has judiciously condensed the original five acta into three, excising those portions which weaken the dramatic interest thus materially increasing its dramatic effect. The interest which begins in reality with the death of Stralenheim rises until the end of the tragedy, which terminates with a situation wrought up with great dramatic power. Mr. Dil, lop's Werner was a very fine performance thiough out, but from the time he discovers that his Bon Ulric is Stralenhtim's murderer until the fall of the curtain we doubt whether he has ever exceeded it in power and intensity. At the end of the tragedy he was called before the curtain to receive the ap«. plause his delineation of the last of the Siegendorfs had so fairly earned, Mr. Appleton's Ulric was also a very satisfactory performance, particularly in the last scene in which he acted with great spirit and Mr. Burford as Gaber had a character that just suited his style of acting; he played in a more subdued manner than usual, a change which we cannot but look on as an improvement. Josephine, the devoted wife of Werner, Was played with great pathos and effect by Mrs. Dihon and Mrs. Jone$ performed the part of Ida rery satisfactorily. 