To the Editor of the Manchttlcr Guardian. Slr,-Perhaps DO expression is so oommon when any novelty is presented lo our notice as "How simple I" " What n wonder that no ono ever thought ol this before I" Toe remark ls applicable'in an eminent degree to tba "ghost" at tbs Polytechnic Institution, London, by means of wbiob Professor Pepper his . BO mach amazed tba whole metropolis. And now tba oontagion ia communicating itself to tba provinces. Tba " ghost " is ' even about to make ita appearance in Manobester. " Wby, 'tis the rarest argument of wonder, that halb shot ont in oar latter times." And yet, when seen and nnderatood, every one most exolaim, " What a wonder that no one bas thought of thii before I" "We bave all seen tba same thing every day cf oar life." Even so. Xoor London correspondent s!atss, in his letter of yesterday, that "Iba 'ghoat' may be seen to perfection without paying for it in the Underground Railway" (London). It may be seen moah nearer home. It may be seen cn the ordinary railway wben the earriage lamps are lighted, at dusk or after dark. It may be seen too in the omnibus as yon pass through tl street wbero the opposite sideB are unequally lighted. The passengers who sit with their backs towards the most strongly illuminated Bide will see tba images of the ahopB, tel., behind them appearing tbrou jh tho opposite windows of j the omnibus, oombiniog with the forma ot the objects on tbo feebly lighted side of tba street. The same appearance may be seen in oar apartments when tba gas is lighted before ' eloBlog the window shutters. The refleoted images of the obandelier and other obj sots In the room will be seen blended witb the forms of whatever may be viniblo through the win- dow at the time. The aime effect moy be prodnoed in a very interesting manner by holding a pieoe of common window glass ia your hand and looking at the image refleoted from it of the gas lights, or m lighted lamp or candle, or any strongly illuminated objeot to whioh your back is turned» When the refleoted image is projooted on a bright body OB a gilt ploture framo, or a page of a book, it will be transparent ; bot on a dark-coloured body the image will be opaque, and laminons in propor. tion to the darkness of the oolonr. In short, tbe " ghoBt " will be " raised '' whenever a pieoe of glasB or any similar transparent reflecting substance is inter- posed between two bodies of different degrees of lum!, nosily. The image ot the move strongly illuminated body will be seen overlying tbs form of that which is less so, and with a vividness direotly proportional to the superior luminosity of the original objeot. -I bavo not seen tba explanation in the Times alluded to by your correspondent. Tbe seme may pro. bably be tba ossa with many of your very numerous readers, and who may not be acquainted with the optical principles on whioh the "mystery" depends. '1 be. preceding statement of tho conditions nndcr whioh the appearances present' themselves will suggest tho .theory to many of your readers. A few words will make it inteligible to others. Bodies become visible by rayB of light which prooeed from them, and, entering the eye, form imagos of tbs body on the retina. SeU-'.uminouB objeota originate thoeo roys, and non-luminous ones receive them from some sonrce of light and then reflect them. The brightness of bodies depends on the quantity and oolonr of the light whioh they originate or refleot. When these rays fall upon polished Burfacos, they are refleoted according to oertain laws, and, on entering the eyo, Bot in all respects ai they would bavo done before being reflected. Now, as tbe physiological law cf Vision osases tba mind to teier tba position of bodiss to s pisas ia the direotioo of tho rays as they enter the eye, tho reflected image noces eerily appears behind tho reflecting earfaaes, oed a« the tame distnnoo from it as the original or j sot is in front of it. Everyone ÍB acquainted with this fact, os it appears In s oommon looking.ginap. If tho looking-glass wore transparent, and the objoots behind it were not so bright as those in front of it, tho objects whose images are refleoted would te;m to bo placod among thoso behind it. Here, then, is the "ghost" whioh appoars transparent 01 opaque- substantial or shadowy-aooording to the relative intensity of the refleoted sud tho transmitted j light. Of course, no reflection is aeon if theao lights sro equally intensi*, nor when the transmitted light is brighter than the refleoted light. The reason of this 1B too obvious to require explanation. I am not acquainted wKh the preoise arrangement of apparatus UBed at tba Poljteohnlo Institution. Several equally efHoi. ent might be devised. Essentially, howover, it mast consist of a shoot of glass through whioh aro \ seen the dramati» pertono ina dimly lighted chamber, and a person appropriately drapod as tho "ghost" oon. coaled in front, and Btrongly illuminated. Of oontoo every otber objeot in front of tho gloss, inolading Ibo audience, mast be in partial darknoss ; otherwise thoy would seo themselves oocvortcd into "incorporeal essences." This explanation of tho odentifio principios Involved in tho popular mystery will enable any in- génions person to oxtomporiso tho moans of an avon, log's amusement vory easily ; and to thoso who may deslro to witness tbe publia exbibiiion of it, what might have appeared a matter of moro legerdemain, will bo. ooma a beautiful, philosophical experiment, and a fooling ot ignorant wonder will bo replaced by a sentiment of intelligent admiration. 3.3. j Arnold Hou«o, Higher Broughton, Joly «, 1803. 