WESLETAN CHUfiCHMISSIONS. Tf"* «nimJ wMinj In COnBHliflH , jfa iiMm undertbBAustralian conference cf the Wetley an Methodist Church.was Held on Monday night in Wesley Chnrch, tydisrd street. Tbe Mayor of CaBint presided on the occasion, sod amnng (Le gentlemen OQ tbe platform we observed the Ber. Messrs Waterbonse, late a missionary la Fiji, Bickford, Itie superintendent of. tbe Ballarat Circuit, and now of St. Kilda; WatiRb, me pretest superintendent of the Ballarat Circuit; AlbMn, yr.ng, and others, besides several lay readers and preachers. Tbe church was more then half filled. The hymn "From «U that dwdll below tbe skies " was sang, and prayer was offered fay the Be*. Mr Bickford; alter which tbe Her. Mr Waogh moved that the Mayor take tbe chair. The Chairman, In opening his portion of the bod ness, said he felt i? an honor to predde on an occasion of so great importance as one relating to Chiistiaa niEaoni. It was pleasing to see the active part taken ft-Mn by the Wealeyan body, and be wished (hea every suoeoss. 'Wherever true protestant Chris tianity was faithfully preached it ultimately suc ceeded in spite of all opposition, and it was tndy gratifying to see the success already attained in Use mission field. The labors of missionaries in the South Seas were remarkable, but unless they were sUta^gUt. ened by " the needful" that full measure aftteeest which was desirable could not be compaasabie. Mr Sanderson read the annual report, from wiuch it appeared that the expenditure for the year ending last April was £16,913 Is lid, and the nett receipts £10,920 7s 2d, leaving a balance of £iS22 14s 9d to be met by the parent society. The subscriptions from the mission districts exceeded those of l»«t year by £1197 19s 2d. There were under the mission 'control 634 chapels, S09 n»>>«T preaching places, 81 nussionets, 241 catechists, 1081 day schools, 1025 sabbath schools, 1261 lw^| preachers, 1085 class leaders, 23,649 full members, 6230 on trial, 10,291 sabbath scholars, and 43,352 day scholars. In some of these returns these were no Fijian^ statistics included. The subscriptions from the Ballarat Circuit amounted to £3is 19s 9d, and from the whole colony of Victoria £2235 3s Si. The report adverted to the geoad, aspect of the missions, and tothe fields ' " - opened up, and "conda&d; ly nrging"il>e which the wants of heathendom yet made span the faith and liberality of the Church. The Bev. Ur Wingh moved the adoption of da report, and complimented Ur Sanderson on haying made his debut that night with a report composed cf right words in right places, concise and to the point. He alluded tothe ministers on the platform, andsaid he would be glad to be loved when he left tbe as much as Mr Bickford was. Wesley an Methodists were proud of their missions, which were begun fajr Wesley himself, and continued by Dr Ooke, than whom perhaps there had.been no greater mir"i«nn i since the days of St Paul himself. an abstract of the history of Wesleyan he said the jubilee year was at hand, and it was hoped something would ° fae done here in aid of the great Jubilee Feud commenced in England. The Australian .con ference had the missions in trust from tbeparest conferences, and .fae was glad to say the Circuit was doing something towards carrying on tbe work besides paying off some of the old i«.^ debts. (Cheers.) He bad great pleasure in tnovicg the adoption of the reports The Bev. Mr King, of Creswick, seconded the adoption of tbe report, and after alluding to some of his old country reminiscences of missionary nKetinga be expressed the hope that the result of that nightV meeting would be a fresh enkindling of missionary fire in all present. He urged, in a very feeling man ner,- the claims of heathen fraternity npon the Christian churches, and mentioned the case of a nek Chinaman left by the roadside to die by his country men as an illustration of Chinese want of charity and as a help to a conception of the mncfa marc exigent spiritual necessities oftbe heathen, fie thai sketched the successes of missions and 'spoke «f the conversion of islands and groups of islands from which heathenism bad been utterly extermi nated, thus giving an earnest of that ultimate vicfeny when all the world shall be subjugated to The motion was carried with cheers. The Kev. Ur Watei house next addressed the meet ing. saying it was six yearj ago once be lastviated Ballarat, and that hems glad to find thatthe «*mest missionary Bpiiit then displayed had not died «* He was glad that Ballarat had the high honor of ce^ tributing more than all the other goldfidds of tie colony of Victoria put together. He moved aresoic tion, pledging the meeting to " larger liberality more earnest prayer" for the spread of the goad among the heathen, and he then proceeded to car rate some of (he incidents of his life and observsftia&a; as a misaoner in the Fiji - group of iflaofc. He spoke in most plaintive accents of tbe places where he had seen stones which showed *» number of persons who had been lolled, wyfajij -J eaten in those localities. A chief, with a fan native pudding, was met and his load examined I* him. - It proved to be cooked human flesh, and the chief, though admonished of the wiekedcea of *» practice, went home and devoured the whole mm s£ one meal. There was a great warrior with a remxik ably long name, who had a large canoe tnn^ which was sent out on a cruise for human victims, wfooes blood shonld consecrate the vessel. At length sens were billed, and a lot of living victims ware second and tied to the dead bodies. Then the death drtan was best in cannibal triumph, and all the i»l<«ta»i. turned out in holiday costume and gaily in trinkets to welcome home the voyagers with dead and living victims. There was a proeesooa to the temple. (Here tbe speaker, amid tbe and langbter of the audience, broke into a strain cf Fijian shouting illustrative of the Cannibal njtn: ings over the feast at band.) One of the lire victims was plunged into boiling water, and the body whh others was then cut np and distributed for the re freshment of the selected recipients of tbe ranch prized delicacy. One chief bad resolved on the ex termination of a certain tribe, and one ^ another were killed, cooked and eaten, hoose after house emptied and destroyed, and the com with a certain herb. Bat one only snrviring vomsn still lived, to show that the chit f had kept his promise to the'speaker not to kill her. And there were happy changes too. There were brighter aaset&n; now. An old chief who bad " clubbed ** so many on the head that the precise number had beenEagotfceai, who strangled his own mother and fed upon his neighbors, had been converted to God and the speaker had slept in his hons^ had joined the "venerable chief** in reading the Scrip ture, and in prayer at the family altar to God who listens al'ke to the Fijian and other That chief used to go oat with the Kev Tettxmest sad labor to undo all that he had previouriy encou raged and participated in. The principal bexSitai temple waa used as a Christian church, and the drum that had been used to beat for the cannibal feasts was beaten to draw the people to Christian worahin. The people came, washed and in their right tniLd, asA , Uie bloody stone of human sacrifice, where the spaS, of the Fijian worship was supposed to Steams used by the speaker as a reading desk, wfetaee lie read of the better aanrifira oncn nffrnJ feniwiMt. These things showed the changes which w-ini-i'j could effeot, but there was stall modi, daikness Sid misery to be removed. -For that the gospel of Christ, preached With the power of the Holy Ghost, and with prayer would be efficient, for though the iostrnmeaa employed might be weak, the arm which wielded them was almighty and by its power tbe giant superstition! of Fapacy and Mohomebmim, the" Joss Honse of China, and tbe pagodas of wonld eventually All as Dagon before the Ark of tbe Lord, and the fair bright beauteous of Christianity would rise upon the rains. Whatever sceptics and infidels might , say about a wtnid waii ont a Bible and without a living witness of tbB troth, the Bedpemer's Kingdom ehopld go cm and prosper, and fresh garlands should adorn ids brew till in the far vista of tbe ages, a ransomed wail should be seen at bis feet, end from eveiy shore sa»4 from every heart his praise should be anng mod Heaven and earth should ring with tbe grand chorale of glory to ImmanueL To this cad bs prayed his hearers to consecrate themagtcf to xh* work, to discover an enlarged liberality, and to jtas with him in tbe prayer " Come Lord Jtaas, emne quickly." (Load cheersj The Rev. Mr Bickford rose amid chesrs to eeoood the resolution, beginning by saying he thought tbsi after the previous eloquent and - impassioned address he would best BUbserve tbe interests of the cause of the mission by letting the colled ion beat once mad<a However, be would say what he bad to cay. fie congratulated the meeting on being presided over by a gentleman holding so high a social position as the chairman held. The chairman waa {dhwiag * good example in emulating the conduct" of his Excellency Sir C. Dowliug, who waa foJIowjBjj the excellent course taken by Sir |Ieorf Barkly iu tbe couQtenanae he " uniformly extended to the best religious and social movement* of the day. Alluding to Mr WaughV icnsb upon the reduction of some of the debts incurred during the speaker's snperiutendfncy, he said he was rejoiced at it, and hoped that dpring Mr Waugh's stay in the circuit he irpuld be able, as he had, to fiay that £15,000 were subscribed in the Circuit for church .purposes (cheers) during lis three years* sojourn. He alluded to the exwsrt missionary operations earned on by the Wesfaysn Church, and congratulated the audience on the ac cession of Louis Napoleon to the mmflnwaB » subscribers to the Western missions, hoping, afeft that .it TO not too much po mntinpntr. ultimate conversion of' '? the eld Ste the Pope himself," to Wesleyan Meftni* ism. Adverting to the results of inaWi he said he supposed those wonderful sotn, tbB "Essayists," sever felt tbe evil of their cwn and knew nothing about the conscious <orgi»®oess of sins. -But in the West Indies and otter the natives in their lovefeasts spoke all aboat^* forgiveness of sins, soddl*b»t tbe witaeasotthc spirit, and all about the other evidences of real gion," S»ch triumphs of the Jove of Qoi fa phistioted bents vm w»tta» ?orrtfoiffa»3W qatemdwd lty expressing the hyelh*^ cootribotions for the current year wcnld lf lW< equal those of preceding years, mod Matbplwj?§>; and no doubt Mr Watcrhowe also, had many&cti; inieiemibrtlMmeetlii^to|Kb^)Kit(^jtfai. ing in BarHy street (Cheers.) " ; ; * A collection was then made. ' Mr Bell moved the appointment of the committee for tl»e ensiling fear, which was seconded by the Rev. Mr Albiston, the motion being carried by ac clamation. A vote of thanks to the chair was moved by Mr Doane and carried, and the proceedings closed villi the usual devotional observance*. 