CITY COUNCIL. Tho quarterly mooting of tho City Council was held at noon yesterday, at tho Town nail. Tliero were present — His Worship tho Mayor (.n tlio chub), Aidcrmon Smith, Enloi, Gal- limber, Coune llors Edwards, Wraggc, Harbi son, Weedow, Hill, Brown, James, Walsh, Goldsmith, and Thorp. Tho reading of tho minutes was poatponod until tho next mooting. correspondence. The Town Clerk read tho correspondence which had b.-on received : — A letter was read from tlin Secretary to tho Central Board of Health, relative to tlio contribution of tlio board for the management of tho Central Manure depot. From tlio Secretary to the Sewcrazo and Water Department, stating thst the application of tho council for six fire plugs 011 Princes oridgo hnd been acceded to, and that the work wo3 being carried out. Two letters worn read from the town clerk of Fits- roy, calling attention to tho nuisances which at present existed on tho reserve, in Victoria parade, between Brunswick nnd Napier s'reotr, and requesting to know who- thor it was the intention of the Council to fence tho sido of the reserve, in order that tlio gardens might bo planted. Tho matter wss referred to tho Public Works Committee A communication from tho Chief Secretary's Department informed tlio Council thnt the question as 10 tho snlo for slnughtor of cuttle affected with pleura pneumonia bad been relerred to the commissioners. The Secre tary's to tlio Sailor's Home and Foinalo llcfuge, wrote to tlio Council soliciting aid on bolmlf of tSeir respective choriiublo institutions, and tiio letters wore referred for tho consideration of tlio Finance Committee. Tho Town_ Clerk stated tliut I10 had received u communication from a person liainod Thompson, who was pub'ishing a work upon Australia, requesting replies to est tain questions which ho submitted. Mr. Fitzgibbon said, that ho bad givon such information as lie wa9 oblo. RETURNS. The Town Olerk luid upon flip tablo the report of . tho City Surveyor, relative to the public wot ks undertaken in tho various wards of tlio city : also n quarterly return of the attendance of members. public baths, Alderman Smith moved — "That tho City Surveyor bo instructed to prepare a plan nnd estimates for tlio erection of Public Batlis at tho west end of tho city, on a scale not to exceed L1OO0, nnd that the Public Works Committee be requested to select a site, having ill view in the first instance the south- west corner of the market rescrvo in Sponcor street." lie alluded to tlio importance of carrying out this work in a portion of tho city which was largely populat.d, and the present batliH in SivTinston street wero found to bo too far from the west end. He believed that it would be found 11 reproductive work. Councillor Wragoe said that public batlis were required equally as inuoh at the east end as nt tlio west. Councillor Walsh seconded tho motion, nnd stated that when tlio present batlis wero erected the Government were willing to give tliern sites, but. at that tiino the corporation had not suffi cient money to carry out tho works, and they thoroforo refrained until they ascertained whether tlio present bntlis paid expenses or not. They did pot pay yet, but it was liopod tliey would soon do so. Councillor Wragoe thought, that in order to savo trouble, tho Public Works Committee might be ihstruo'ed to select the most suitable sites in tho city for tlio erection of publio bntliB. I Tlio motion was pnt and carried. erection of fountains. Councillor Hill stated thnt at tho Inst meeting of tlio Council ho had a notico on tho paprr, but in consequence of tho meeting breaking np rather pnraitureiy, he wes unable to biing it forward, ne now moved "That tho Publio Works Committco bo instructed to call for tenders for tho erection of two of the fountains presented bv T. Napier, Esq., the cost not to exceed 1.25 each." lie merely remarked that thoso fountains should have been erected before, and lie thought tliut it WHS 80HlClliing ill vueir iubv buujr ituv not boon. Alderman Smith seconded tbo motion. Councillor Harbison opposed tlio motion, which was put and carried. On tlio motion of Councillor Hill, the question was then re'errod to tho Publio Works Oom'mitteo for litem to soleot tlio sites. imeroved quality of fruits, etc. Alderman Smith moved — " That it bo re ferred to llie Market Committee to consider tlio best means of improving tho quality and quantity of fruits, vegetables, and poultry, supplied nnd sold to the citizens in tlio public markets, and also na to tho advisability of giving a grant to one or more society's . esta blished in tho city for tlio furtherance of tlio abovo object." He had 110 doubt bat that the Omincil wero awnro Hint two or throe eocietys had been formed for lha improvement of tho quality and quantity of fruits and vegetables. He need scarcely point out that while it would liavo tho effect ot increasing tho Corporation revenue it would conduce much to the general comfort of the citizens. Tho importance of the matter wos homo on the face of it. Councillor Harbison seconded the motion wliioh wr.a carried. the cleansing contractor. Coutici.lor Wragoe brought up tho report of tho Publio Works Committee, which stated that Mr. Michael Noonan, the cleansing con tractor had nbandonod his contract, and re commending that tenders bo called from poreons willing to undortuko tlio work. Tlio report was adopted. attendance of members. Council'or Weedow drew tlio attention of the Mayor to tlio cireumstanco that in tho list of attendance of members, tlio name of Councillor Goldsmith had been left out. The Town Clerk stated that tbo clerk in bis office whoso duty it wos to furnish these returns, wos absent through illness, and that they had been drawn up toy anotuer person. payments. On tho motion ot uouncuior iiAiiBisoii, seconded by Councillor Edwards, tlio follow ing payments wero ordered : — L288 4s 5d from the Grant-in-Aid ; and L9G9 las 5d from the city fund. Total, L1257 19s lOd. additional lamps. Councillor Edwards moved that two addi tional lamps bo erectod in Bourko word, one in Grimes's lane and the other on the BOUth sido ofVictoria streot. Councillor Harbison seoonded tho motion. Councillor Wragoe opposed tho eroolion of any additional lamps in that looality. Councillor Jones pointed out that much good could bs effected by throwing a little addit'onal light 111 Punch's lano in Gippfl Ward. After a Bliglit discussion tbo motion wns agreed to. Councillor Goldsmith moved that two ad ditional lamps be ereoted in Smith Ward, ona at the corner of Drummond nnd University streets, and tho. other in Faraday street, at its intersection wi'h LittloBnrkly Btrcct. _ Counoillor Weedow seconded the motion. Councillor Wraoge pointed out that the cost of lighting in '.Smith Ward amounted to L1980, and they paid something like L980, therefore it was scarcely fair for them to ask for additional lampB in tho ward. There wore two or three in tlio neighbourhood of tho cemetery, which wero not required end might be removed with advantage. Councillor Walsh moved ob an amend ment. " Tliut tlio City Surveyor be instructed to furnish to tlio finance committee the number of lamp9 required, witli tho cost." Alderman Eades seconded tlio amond- ment. Tho question wss pressed to a division nnd the amendment was negatived by 8 to 5. Ayes. Noes. Alderman Fades Alderman Smith Councillor Wragge Alderman Gnllngher Councillor Hill Councillor Harbison Councillor Wtddi Couno llcr Jones The Mayor Counoillor Fdwards Councillor Brown Councillor Weedow Tho original motion was therefore carried. Councillor Jones moved that an additional lamp'bo orcctcd in Punch's Lane. Councillor Goldsmith sccondod tlio motion, which was negatived by a majority of one. foot -bridges. On lha motionof Councillor Wraoge, it wrC cider, d tliut six footbridges should- be com pleted for various parts of tho city. market buildings. On tlio motion of Councillor Hill, soconded by Co'.tiieilior Weedow, the report of tlio Market Committee, recommending 011 appro- priilion of L120 towards lite completion of market buildings was adopted, and the tender of Mr. John Young nccoptcd. statistics of the colony. The Town Clerk announced that, bo had received a communication from the Registrar Qcncrcl's Department requesting him to fiu-uisli certuiu statistics hy tlio 15th of March, for the compilation of the colonial statistics. additional lamps and bridges. Councillor Walsh moved "Tlmt the Finance Committee furnish n report as to tlio number of lamps itquired in each ward with tlio cost of lighting.' Alderman Fades seconded the motion. Councilor Harbison snid that the com mittee could not comply with tho requests us tho vnliiniions hud not been made. Councillor Walsh replied that tlio return wos not required immediately. O11 the motion of Counoillor Brown, se conded by Councillor Edwards, tho Public Work's Committee was requested to furnish u return of (lie number of bridges required in various paits of Ilia city. There being 110 other business ,tho Council adjourned. NAifnow Escape from Drowning. — On Thursday afternoon, about six o'clock, as some boys were amusing themselves ut the fence which encloses tho picccof water at tho corner of Mitclicll-slrect, and udorns that part of tho town in which it is situated, one of them accidentally fell into tho water, and would liavo been drowned if sufficient assistance bad not fortunately been at liund. As it happoncd,. Mr. Pinel, who was passing at tho time, rushed to the little fellow's ussistanco at the risk of his own life, and nftcr considerable difficulty, succeeded in landing him 011 terra firma. — Bendigo Advertiser, 7 ill Fobruurv. Burned to Death. — On "Saturday, at the Ballaarat District Hospital, Dr. Clen- dinning bold an inquest on the body of John Bticklo Hunnuli, whose death, ac cording to tbe evidence, and the verdict of the jury, " took place in tlio Hospital and was caused by inflammation of tlio nicmbi-eincs of tho brain, brought on by a Bovero and extensive burns of the head, which were received by his tent having accidentally caught fire on I lie SGtli, nt Preston Hill, Cnrnglinm, whilst deceased was asleep therein." The deceased was a nutivo of London, aged twontysix years, and had been working in tlio No nil Union Company's claim, at Carngham. John Outii- ir.aii, deposed thnt in tho first hour of tho mornirgoftlio 2Glli ultimo, lie was proceeding homewards and observed Games muting from the ilnnonoefl'n f Anf. tvltinlt linH n nnltnn rnnf onH boarded sides. Witness ran up nnd saw the do- ceased apparently fast asleep in bed, and lying 011 his face and belly, with his hands under his forehead. Witness shouted at him to get up, but tlio dcccasod did not answer. Witness then went in and hauled him out. When ho was got outside tlio deceased told witness never to mind tho heat, but lot it burn as ho was all right himself. At that moment Robert Moody and Henry Friedricli came up nnd put nut the tlamcs. A surgoon wns sent for, and Mr. Dickesou came, who ordered tho deceased, to bo taken to tbo bonrding-liouse lie fro qucntcd — tlmt of Mr. M'llroy. Tho right leg and thigh of tho deceased wore severely burned, as also his licek and hands. Ho was in grcut pain, and witness rubbed oil into the burns. Tho deceased was nearly suffocated and stupid, when first addrcssod, but after some minutes ho spoko quito sensibly. Wit ness breakfasted witli tlio deceased on the morning before, nnd saw liiin tnko two drinks after .breakfast, nt the bar. Robert Moody, miner, dopoaed tlmt I10 had seen the deceased sent away to the Hospital, and had known him to bo intoxicated more limn once. Mr. W. P. Whitcombo gave tho medical ovidonco, and informed the jury that tho deceased had in formed him that lie went to sleep with a light burning in his tent, and that the tent had caught fire from the fiaine. Hence the bums 011 vnrious parts of lus body. JSoWdYdt StciYy 9th February. The English Soldiers. — What must no admired in the battle of Waterloo, Is England, the English firmness, the Engli-di resolution, the English bloed, and what England Iintl really superb in it, is (without offence) herself; it is not her captain, butlicr army. Wellington, strangely ungrateful, declares in his despatch to Lord Batliurst, tlmt his army, the 011c which fought on June 18th, 1815, was a "detestable army." What does the gloomy pile of bones buried in tlie trenches of Waterloo think of this ? England lias been too modest to licrself in her treatment of Wellington, for making him so great is making herself small. Wellington is merely a hero like any other man, Tim Scotch Greys, the Life Guards, JInitland and Mitchell's regiments, Pack and Kempt's infantry, Ponsonby and Somerset's cavalry, the Highlanders playing the bagpipes under the shower of canister, Ry- land's battalions, the fresh recruits who.could lmrdly manage a musket, and yet held their ground against the old bauds of Essling and Rivoli — all this is grand. Wellington wns ten acious, this wns bis merit, and we do not deny it to him, but the lowest of bis privates nnd his troopers wns quite ns solid as lie, nnd tbe iron soldier is as good as the iron duke. For our pnrt, nil our glorification is offered to the English soldier, the English army, the English nation ; and if there must be n trophy, It is to Englnnd that this trophy is owing. The Waterloo co lumn would be more just, if, instead of the figure of u man, it raised to the cloudB the statue of a peoplc.- — Lcs Mherablcs. By Victor Hugo. Louis XVIII. — At this period Louis XVIII. went almost daily to Choisy le Roi, which was one of his favourite drives. At two o'clock the royal carringe nnd escort could nlmost invariably be seen passing nt full gallop along the Boulevard dc l'Hospitnl. This did as well as a clock or n watch for the poor women of the district, who said, " It is two o'clock, for he is returning to the Tuilcrics." And some ran up, and others drew up, for a king who passes always produces a tumult. Moreover, the appearance and dis appearance of Louis XVIII. produced a certain effect in the streets of Paris, for it wns rapid but majestic. This impotent king had a taste for galloping ; unable to walk, lie wished to run ; and this cripple would have liked to be drawn hy lightning. He passed, pcnceful and stern, amid drawn sabres;- his heavy gilded borlino, with large branches of lilies painted on the panels, rolled noisily along. There wns scarce time to take a glance at him ; you sniv in the right-hand corner a bread, firm, red face, n healthy forer head powdered a I'oiseau royal, a proud, harsh, artful ey e, an intelligent smile, two heavy epau lettes with hanging fringe upon n civilian coat ; the golden fleece, the cross of St. Louis, the cross of the Legion of Honour, the silver plate of the Holy Ghost, a large stomach, and a wide blue ribbon — it wns the king. When out of Paris, he carried his white feathered hat on his knees, up to which came tall English gaiters ; when he returned to the city he put his hat on his head, nnd bowed rarely, lie looked at the people coldly, and tliey returned the compliment; when he appeared for the first time in the Four- bourg St. Mnrceau, his entire success consisted in n remark made by a workman to his chum, — "That fnt man is the Government." — Lcs Miserable s. By Victor Hugo. 