The Chimney Book Tales for Country Readers. PRINCE GEORGE AND THE WATCHMAN. (From the German of Heinrich Zshokke.) CHAPTER I. MOTHER KATE, the watchman's wife, at nine o'clock on New Year's Eve, opened her little window, and put out her head into the night air. The snow was red- dened by the light from the window, as it fell in silent heavy flakes upon the street. She observed the crowds of happy people hurrying to and fro from the brilliantly-lighted shops with pre- sents, or pouring out of the various inns and coffee-houses, and going to the dances and other entertainments, with which the new year is married to the old in joy and pleasure. But when a few cold flakes had alighted on her nose she drew back her head, closed the window, and said to her husband, "Gotlieb, stay at home, and let Philip watch for thee to-night, for the snow comes as fast as it can from heaven, and thou knowest the cold does thy old bones no good. There seems dancing and feasting in every house, masqueraders are going about, and Philip will enjoy the sport." Old Gotlieb nodded his assent. "I am willing, Kate," he said. "My barometer, the old wound above my knee, has given me warning the last two days of a change of weather. It is only right that my son should aid me in a service to which he will be my successor." We must give the reader to understand, that old Gotlieb had been a serjeant of cavalry in one of the King's regiments, until he was made a cripple for life by a musket ball, as he was the first to mount the walls of a hostile fort in battle for his father-land. The officer who command- ed the attack received the cross of honour for his heroism, and was ad- vanced in the service; while Gotlieb crept homewards on a pair of crutches. From pity, they promoted him to the post of watchman, with the reversion of it to his son Philip, who had in the meantime bound himself to a gardener. It was only the good housewifery of Mistress Katherine, and the extreme moderation of old Gabriel, that enabled them to live happily on the little they possessed. Philip gave his services to the gardener for his board and lodging; but he occasionally received very fine presents, when he carried home flowers to the rich people of the city. He was a fresh, handsome young fellow of six and twenty. Noble ladies often gave him sundry extra dollars for his fine looks— a thing they would never have thought of doing for an ugly face. "Father," said Philip, who just then came in, "it is snowing, and the snow wont do you much good. I'll take the watch to-night, and you can get to bed." "You're a good boy," said old Gotlieb. "And then I've been thinking," continued Philip, "that as to- morrow is New Year's Day, I may come and dine with you and make myself happy. Mother, perhaps, has no joint in the kitchen, and—" "No," inter- rupted the mother, "we've no joint, but then we have a pound and a half of good mutton, with potatoes for a relish; and a little rice, with laurel-leaves, for a soup; and two flasks of beer to drink. Only come, Philip, for we shall live finely to- morrow!" "But dear mother," said Philip, "have you paid the rent of the cottage yet.?" Old Gotlieb shrugged his shoulders. Philip laid a purse upon the table. "There are two-and-twenty dollars that I have saved. I can do very well without them. Take them for a New Year's gift; and then we can all three enter on the New Year without a debt or a care. God grant that we may end it in health and happiness." Tears came into Mrs. Katherine's eyes as she kissed her son. Old Gotlieb said "Philip, you are the prop and stay of our old age. Continue to be honest and good, and to love your parents, so will a bless- ing rest on you. I can give you nothing for a New Year's gift but a prayer that you may keep your heart pure and true. This is in your power. You will be rich enough; for a clear conscience is a heaven in itself. All that you have cost me in childhood is now nearly paid up. Your savings amount to three hundred and seventeen dollars, which I have received." "Three hundred and seventeen dollars!" cried Mistress Katherine, in the greatest amazement; and then turning to Philip with a voice full of tenderness, "Ah, Philip!" she said, "thou grievest me. Child of my heart! Hadst thou saved that money for thyself, thou might'st have bought some land with it, and started as gardener on thine own account, and married Rose. Now, that is impos- sible. But take comfort, Philip; we are old, and thou wilt not have to console us long." "Mother," exclaimed Philip, and he frowned a little, "what are you thinking of. Rose is dear to me as my life; but I would give up a hundred Roses rather than desert you and my father. I should never find any other parents in this world but you; but there are plenty of Roses, although I would have none but my own Rose, were there two thousand others." "You are right, Philip," said Gotlieb; "loving and marrying are not in the commandments; but to honour your fa- ther and mother is a duty and command- ment. To give up strong passions and inclinations for the happiness of your parents is the truest gratitude of a son. It will gain you blessings from above; it will make you rich in your own heart." "If it were not too long for Rose to wait," said Mrs. Katherine; "or if you could give up the engagement altogether! For Rose is a pretty girl — that can't be denied; and though she is poor, there will be no want of wooers. She is virtuous, and understands housekeeping." "Never fear, mother," replied Philip. "Rose has solemnly sworn to marry no man but me; and that is sufficient. Her mother has nothing to object to me. And, if I were in business, and had money enough to keep a wife with, Rose would be my wife to morrow. The only annoy- ance we have is, that her mother will not let us meet so often as we wish. She says frequent meetings do no good; but I differ from her, and so does Rose; for we think meeting often does us both a great deal of good. And we have agreed to meet to-night, at twelve o'clock, at the great door of St. Gregory's Church; for Rose is bringing in the year at a friend's house, and I am to take her home." In the midst of such conversation, the clock of the neighbouring tower struck three quarters; and Philip took his fa- ther's great coat from the warm stove where Katherine had carefully laid it; wrapped himself in it; and taking the lanthorn and staff, and wishing his pa- rents good night, proceeded to his post. CHAPTER II. PHILIP stalked majestically through the snow-covered streets of the capital, where as many people were still visible as in the middle of the day. Carriages were rat- tling in all directions, and the houses were all brilliantly lighted. Our watch- man enjoyed the scene; he sang his verses at ten o'clock, and blew his horn lustily in the neighbourhood of St. Gregory's Church, with many a thought on Rose, then with her friends." Now she hears me," he said to himself; "now she thinks on me, and forgets the scene around her. I hope she won't fail me at twelve o'clock at the church door." And when he had gone his round, he always returned to the dear house, and looked up at the lighted window. Sometimes he saw female fi- gures, and his heart beat quick at the sight, sometimes he fancied he saw Rose herself; and sometimes he studied the shadows thrown upon the blinds to dis- cover which of them was Rose's, and to fancy what she was doing. It was cer- tainly not a very pleasant employment to stand in frost and snow and look up at a window; but what care lovers for frost and snow ? and watchmen are as fiery and romantic lovers as ever were the knights of ancient ballads. He only felt the effects of the frost when at eleven o'clock he had to set out upon his round. His teeth chattered with cold; he could scarcely call the hour or sound his horn. He would willingly have gone into a beer-house to warm himself at the fire. As he was pacing through a lonely bye-street, he met a man with a black mask on his face, enveloped in a fire-coloured silk mantle, and wear- ing on his head a magnificent hat turned up at one side, and fantastically orna- mented with a number of high and waving plumes. Philip endeavoured to escape the mask, but in vain; the stranger blocked up his path, and said "Ha! thou art a fine fellow. I like thy phiz ama- zingly. Where are you going, eh? I say where are you going?" "To Mary-street," replied Philip. "I am going to call the hour there." "Enchanting!" answered the mask. "I'll hear thee. I'll go with thee. Come along thou foolish fellow, and let me hear thee; and mind thou singest well, for I am a good judge. Canst thou sing me a jovial song?" Philip saw that his companion was of high rank, and a little tipsy, and answered, "I sing better over a glass of wine, in a warm room, than when up to my waist in snow." They had now reached Mary-street, and Philip sang, and blew his horn. "Ha! that's but a poor performance," exclaimed the mask, who had accompanied him thither. "Give me the horn. I shall blow so well, that you'll half die with delight." Philip yielded to the mask's wishes, and let him sing the verses and blow the horn. For four or five times all was one as if the stranger had been a watch- man all his life. He dilated most elo- quently on the joys of such an occupation; and was so inexaustible in his own praises, that he made Philip laugh at his extra- vagance. His spirits evidently owed no small share of their elevation to an extra glass of wine, "I'll tell you what, my treasure, I've a great fancy to be a watchman myself for an hour or two. If I don't do it now, I shall never arrive at that honor in the course of my life. Give me your great coat and wide-trimmed hat, and take my domino. Go into a beer-house, and take a bottle at my expense; and when you have finished it, come again, and give me back my masking gear; you shall have a couple of dollars for your trouble. What do you say, my treasure ?" But Philip did not like this arrangement. At last, however, at the solicitations of the mask, he capitulated as they entered a dark lane. Philip was half frozen; a warm drink would do him good, and so would a warm fire. He agreed for one hour to give up his watchmanship, which would be till twelve o'clock. Exactly at that time the stranger was to come to the great door of St. Gregory's, and give back the great-coat, horn, and staff, taking back his own silk mantle, hat, and domino. Philip also told him the four streets in which he was to call the hour. The mask was in raptures. "Treasure of my heart! I could kiss thee, if thou wert not a dirty miserable fellow. But thou shalt have nought to regret, if thou art at at the church door at twelve o'clock; for I will give thee money for a supper then. Joy! I am a watchman!" The mask looked a watchman to the life; while Philip was completely disguised with the half-mask tied over his face; the bonnet ornamented with a buckle of brilliants on his head ; and the red silk mantle thrown around him. When he saw his companion commence his walk he began to fear that the young gentleman might compromise the dignity of the watchman. He therefore, addressed him once more, and said, "I hope you will not, abuse my good nature, and do any mischief, or misbehave in any way, as it may cost me the situation." "Halloo!" answered the stranger. "What are you talking about, do you think I don't know my duty? Off with you this moment, or I'll let you feel the weight of my staff. But come to St. Gregory's Church, and give me back my clothes at twelve o'clock. Good bye! this is glorious fun!" The new guardian of the streets, walked onward with all the dignity be- coming his office, while Philip hurried to a neighbouring tavern. CHAPTER III. As PHILIP was passing the door of the royal palace, he was laid hold of by a person in a mask, who had alighted from a carriage. Philip turned round, and in a low whispering voice asked what the stranger wanted. "My gracious lord," answered the mask, "in your reverie you have passed the door. Will your royal highness—" "What? Royal highness?" said Philip, laughing. "I am no highness. What put that in your head?" The mask bowed respectfully, and pointed to the brilliant buckle in Philip's hat. "I ask your pardon if I have be- trayed your disguise. But, in whatever character you assume, your noble bearing will betray you. Will you condescend to lead the way? Does your highness intend to dance?" "I? To dance?" replied Philip. "No — you see I have boots on." "To play, then?" inquired the mask. "Still less. I have brought no money with me," said the assistant watchman. "Good heaven!" exclaimed the mask. "Command my purse—all that I possess is at your service!" Saying this, he forced a full purse into Philip's hand. "But do you know who I am?" inquired Philip, rejecting the purse. The mask whispered with a bow of profound obeisance— "His Royal High- ness Prince George." At this moment Philip heard his de- puty in an adjoining street calling the hour very distinctly, and he now became aware of his metamorphosis. Prince George, who was well known in the capi- tal as an amiable, wild, and good- hearted young man, had been the person with whom he had changed clothes. "Now, then," thought Philip, "as he enacts the watchman so well, I will not shame his rank; I'll see if, for one half hour, I can't be the prince. If I make any mistake, he has himself to blame for it." He wrapped the red silken mantle closer round him, took the offered purse, put it in his pocket, and said, "Who are you, mask? I will return your gold to-mor- row." "I am the Chamberlain Pilzou." "Good—lead the way—I'll follow." The chamberlain obeyed, and tripped up the marble stairs, Philip coming close behind him. They entered an immense hall lighted by a thousand tapers and dazzling chandeliers, which were reflected by brilliant mirrors. A confused crowd of maskers jostled each other, sultans, Tyrolese, harlequins, knights in armour, nuns, goddesses, satyrs, monks, Jews, Medes, and Persians. Philip for a while was abashed and blinded. Such splen- dour he had never dreamt of. In the middle of the hall the dance was carried on by hundreds of people to the music of a full band. Philip, whom the heat of the apartment recovered from his frozen state, was so bewildered with the scene that he could scarcely nod his head as different masks addressed him, some confidentially, others deferentially. "Will you go to the hazard table?" whispered the chamberlain, who stood beside him, and who Philip now saw was dressed as a Brahmin. " Let me get unthawed first," answered Philip; "I am an icicle at present." "A glass of warm punch?" inquired the Brahmin, and led him into the re- freshment-room. The pseudo-prince did not wait for a second invitation, but emptied one glass after another in quick time. The punch was good, and it spread its genial warmth through Philip's veins, "How is it you don't dance to night, Brahmin?" he asked of his companion, when they returned into the hall. The Brahmin sighed, and shrugged his shoul- ders. "I have no pleasure in the dance. Gaiety is distasteful to me. The only person I care to dance with—the Countess Bonau—I thought she loved me; our families offered no objection—but all at once she broke with me." His voice trembled as he spoke. "How?" said Philip, "I never heard of such a thing." "You never heard of it?" repeated the other, "the whole city rings with it. The quarrel happened a fortnight ago, and she will not allow me to justify myself, but has sent back three letters I wrote to her, unopened. She is a declared enemy of the Baroness Reizenthal, and had made me promise to drop her acquaintance. But, think how unfortunate I was! When the queen-mother made the hunt- ing party to Preudenwald, she appointed me cavalier to the baroness. What could I do? It was impossible to refuse. On the very birthday of the adorable Bonau I was obliged to set out. She heard of it. She put no trust in my heart!" "Well, then, Brahmin, take advantage of the present moment. The new year makes up all quarrels. Is the countess here?" "Do you not see her over there—the Carmelite on the left of the third pillar beside the two black dominoes? She has laid aside her mask. Ah, prince, your intercession would—" Philip thought "Now I can do a good work!" and, as the punch had inspired him, he walked directly to the Carmelite. The Countess Bonau looked at him for some time seriously, and with flushed cheeks, as he sat down beside her. She was a beautiful girl; yet Philip remained persuaded that Rose was a thousand times more beautiful. "Countess," he said, and became em- barrassed when he met her clear bright eye fixed upon him. "Prince," said the countess, "an hour or two ago you were somewhat too bold." "Fair countess, I am therefore at this present moment the more quiet." "So much the better. I shall not, then, be obliged to keep out of your way." "Fair lady, allow me to ask one ques- tion. Have you put on a nun's gown to do penance for your sins?" "I have nothing to do penance for." "But you have, Countess!— your cruel- ties— your injustice to the poor Brahmin yonder, who seems neglected by his God and all the world." The beautiful Carmelite cast down her eyes and appeared uneasy. "And do you know, fair countess, that in the Freudenwald affair the chamber- lain is as innocent as I am." "As you, prince?" said the countess, frowning; "what did you tell me an hour ago?" "You are right, dear countess, I was too bold. You said so yourself. But now I declare to you the chamberlain was obliged to go to Freudenwald by command of the queen mother—against his will was obliged to do cavalier to the hated Reizenthal—" "Hated—by him?" interrupted the countess with a bitter and sneering laugh. "Yes— he hates—he despises the baroness. Believe me, he scarcely treated her with civility, and incurred the royal displeasure by so doing. I know it; and it was for your sake. You are the only person he loves—to you he offers his hand, his heart—and you!—to reject him!" "How comes it, prince, that you inter- cede so warmly for Pilzou? You did not do so formerly." "That was because I did not know him, and still less the sad state into which you have thrown him by your be- haviour. I swear to you he is innocent— you have nothing to forgive in him—he has much to forgive in you." "Hush!" whispered the Carmelite, "we are watched here; away from this." She replaced her mask, stood up, and placing her arm within that of the sup- posed prince, they crossed the hall and entered a side-room. The countess uttered many bitter complaints against the chamberlain, but they were the com- plaints of jealous love. The countess was in tears, when the tender Brahmin soon after came timidly into the apartment. There was a deep silence among the three. Philip, not knowing how to con- clude his intercession better, led the Brahmin to the Carmelite, and joined their hands together, without saying a word, and left them to fate. He himself returned into the hall. [To be continued.] A GOOD BARGAIN.—At a sale the other day several houses, with first-rate kitchen fixtures, were put up to auction. A bidder present offered a shilling for twelve coppers. He was actually accommodated.—Punch. A TRUE GHOST STORY.—Spiritual manifesta- tions are becoming a drug in the market. Who's afraid? Witness the following in- stance:—A few nights ago, a Country Curate was sitting in his lonely study, and, as the Clock upon the stairs struck the midnight hour, he became aware of a Spectral Presence. The Clergyman, not in the least alarmed, asked the Spectre "who he was?" whereupon The Ghost in awful tones replied, "I am Apparishioner!" The Reverend Gentleman immediately rated him soundly, and the Fearful Being, evidently frightened at the prospect of an assessment, speedily vanished.— Punch. 