THEATRICALS, &c; ROYAL VICTORIA. " The Ghost" has been raised to some purpose- at this houso, and is not likely to require "laying" for soino time, if the attendance may be taken as a test of the pub- lia interest felt in its career. Tho marvels of tho optical illusion, so dexterously devolopod by Mr Pitt, wero very successfully applied to tho wizardry of Macbeth on Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday nights, shewing that their noculiar supernatural ellevts are capable of multi- plication ail infiinilum. The appoarnuce of the "Ghost of Banquo" was especially striking. Without adopting the fulsome tono of adulation adopted by tho writer of a notice in Monday's Empire, we would observe that jrdino. Sara flower was in cxcclleut voice, which for 0110 of her acknowledged abilities is,tantamount to admit- ting tho ruluo of tho assistance rendered by her to the effect of tho píceo without going into the land of drouin», or drawing'-«upon the bank of fiction; el io obtained as she desorred, u fino reception, but wo deny that "for several minutes nftor her entry tho performance was sus- pended by tho enthusiastic applause, hurrahs, mid waving of « handkerchiefs." No such suiMUtNAruitAi. suswässioji took place, the UBUIII ascent of Hecate which might have given ground fur such an assertion being, un this occasion, dispensed willi. Such unmitigated "-bosh" must siokon tho vory pululo it is intended to tickle. Tlio wholo notioe, in fact, is dosort ing of a pro- minent pl.-.co among the " Curiosities of Literature." Starting with tho assertion that the porfoi-inunoo was a triumph in every .sense of tho word, it drags its slow length aloilg, dropping on its way that " orient pearl at random strung" wo hnvo just quoted, and stumbling over tho stones in a most reoklcss manner, pulls up, overeo mo with pity for Mr Warnor, whoso performance is termed "screeching." This is not a very yixsioxh expression, nor in itAitMONY with the evil complained of, the deep tono of that goiillenniu's voice to which the learned critic has so often nlludod in terms oi the highest praiso, pro venting such an effect. The plain truth of tho matter is, that Mr Warner pla) ed as ho gonorally does, sensibly and well, and bettor possibly, than our " learned friond" could do himself, mid won tho applause of tho profitable portion of tho audience, who pay their money, and hnvo "a right to got vnlne in return. The laudation of Mrs Poolo would, wo should imagine, bo moro accoptablo if it was lens storootyped ; everybody knows Mrs Poole is n good actress ; everybody knows Lady Macbeth is a fine acting, if not a natural part, and put (ho two together, and tuero you tire; but whcti our Ii. P. says, as he does, that sho laboured under disadvantage for the want of glady on the part of sotno of those with whom sho acted, the skin of tho Literary Lion, falls short and shews beneath tho-rbut our renders oro fami- liar with tho fublo. "Want of study ! Shades of General Utility bark at that! Our Atlienatmian Lion is evidently unawaro that any actor above n third murdoriir or fourth Howor-pot, is what is technically termed " tip," whioh, not being an Italian word, « o will interpret to our ti. P. as moaning "studiod" in the Slinksporinii parts ; ibis being one of the ABC duties of tho profession, und to say thoroforo that au experienced Btock company,' whose members have all playod tho same ports in this piece twenty times during the season with Mr Billon, nro iniporfcct, «Se, is simply absurd. Wo would as soon-liny, sooner, nccuso our I«. 1?. with being imporfoct in tlie " Ten Commandments," or shaky in his propria qua marietta. Nut having boen fortunato enough to hnvo conversation with anybody who lived in Mr MnodufFs tinto, wo cannot pretend to say whether that gentleman's griof displayed itself in "horrid shouts," or no ; but judging by what wo have occasionally BOOH at Ben Pnlraor's, tlioi-o is nothing so very horrid at airy rata in ono kind of sJiouting, for wo havo soon sovoral of our Ii. 1«\S assisting at it, conamore, as récipients. Wo hnvo a ver; distinct recollection of seeing a certain James Will lack vory domonstrati ve in this scene, to the delight of tho inferior iutollcpts who congregate in the Pit, Boxes, and Gallery of tho Haymarket Thoutro, Lon- don. After a smark at Mr Burford's back, and a thump ut Mr Hall's gait, this lucid (wo may say pellucid) an- alysis of a " triumph in ovory sense of tho word" comes to its conclusion, .and our confusion.' We have made those remarks without projudice or partiality, for wo always havo maintained, and always will maintain, our rights of unfettered and conscientious oriticism ; but 89 tho shortness of our notices havo boon unfavourably con- trasted with thoso of the daily papers, who havo six times as inuoli cause to give thom, prominence, wo were curious to asoortnin tho actual intrinsio worth of thoso " goins," and leave our readers to farm their own opin- ion of this particular haphazard selection. Without any "supernaturnl suspension," tho appoaraiioo of Professor, Bushell who has comnionoeu a short en- gagement hero, was the signal for a hearty greeting, and lie soon showodthat abseneo had not doprived hitn of that extraordinary faculty which modo his olcotro biological experiments so popular on former occasions. It is u most astonishing performance, Tho comploto stato of subiorrionco to wliioh he reduoo« his subjects is ex- tremely marvellous, and last evening ho was moro than usually successful. Wliilo ho completely illustrates his powor to the most sceptical, ho is most careful that no- thing is Baid or dono " under tho influence" which can annoy his " victims" when they aro "righted," or offend tho most fiiBtidious of his audience, what with optical and biological scionco this theatre is .becoming quito poly toolillie in its performances. Great novelties aro, wo hear, in preparation ; among "btliors, a local sketch, written oxprossly in this town, to display tho Ghosts in a new phase of their mysterious capabilities. This will bo produced curly next woek, which is the last of Mr Pitt's present engagement A young Amoriean actress appeared and disappeared simultaneously during the woolc. Sho murdered the "Maid of Crossy," and though tho police did not interfere, tho management have promised that it will not occur again. The oll'ec tivo ghost-drama of tim "Misletoo Bough," " Delicate Ground,'(oxoollontly played by Mrs O. Poolo, Warner, I and Appleton), and the antediluvian faroo of," Teddy the Tiler,"'havo .formed tho balance of the past week's performances... , 