BRISBANE. (nm ns ow* rjavWHWNarr.] Tx»»**, Dt». 1st, 1803. Tas Municipal elections, about whirb there wa*> fir inore g«àtctnent than there ww attendant upon th* lest par. liamentaty contest, finally concluded on Stttnrdav, «hen the result vue officially declared" br tins Maror at noon. Thc j MO* ott that occasion batte* alldeêcrip tiott, but i must endeavour, in a faint ira/«ml in aa few words a* jMMsible, to , frirai you «OHM; account of it I think I i .tated, in a former letter, that there I were no lea« than twenty- three1 candidatee-or rather, twenty-throe : names upon Um ballot paper, for there were many who were mt candidate* ott the list,-ao large a num- ber being proposed in order to neu- tral i*e the effect of thc anti-plumping clause. The first on the list were Martin and Hocking*, and there fol- lowed, in the order mentioned, the name» of Le Gould, Markwell, Theran, Southerden, Scaul&n;, ¿tc., while Brookes stood thirteenth on the list Bj intuition, almost, a large number of the rato-pajers «¡neted out Martin, Hock- ing*, and Brookes, all three' of whom were supporters of the policy panned by j the Major in the matter of the Town Hall. tSoutherdcn (Cribb*« eou-iii-law), \ aad Markwell represented the appo- ] aitioa or obstruct! rc party, and the ; most strenuous endeavours were used to secure the return ol' these two. Martin made strong efforts also ; stockings merely issued au address, and stuck to hie business ; while Brookes went away to Maryborough on the Slondav. Some hoir or other, however, the influence of the Cribhite party, supported by Bobby in person, was unavailing. The result of the poll showed Starlin at the head with 217 vote», llockings next with 195, and Brookes next with 170, and those three were therefore returned. But the next cn the list lo the last of the successful men was Teddy ¡Soutberdcu, and he polled 67, just about half of Brookes' vote«, and Markwell came next wit li a («core of 76. Sow, any of your readers who know what Cribb is, and to what lengths he ÍB inclined to go in order to further his ends-whether the object be pain, or the {»ratification of personal malice, will bc able to iroagiue that euch a defeat was somewhat of a Hooter. To be licked by two to one wa« more than Cribbian flesh and blood j could stand, and great was the indigna- | lion among the small fry of that party, j When the poll was declared on Satur- ] day, after thank* bad been returned by, j or on behalf of, the successful candi- date*, Soutberdcn, Stark well, and j Cribb, njKike in succession, and 1 can j safely assert that a more disgraceful es hibition bas never before been witnessed j in Brisbane, not even in the height nf an | electioneering contest. More personal ¡ abuw, more base iu*iuualion, and more j mis-s'.atci ictit, were uci'er uttered by i throe men, and it was easy to fee that i each of them was actuated by the j 6tro to thc quio!; by the shame of a disgrace- j fui defeat in a i-ontest in which the'' bad boas-led before baud of certain vie- I tory, they were more lite eaudidates for Woogaroo Afvium tban men holding rcKjveelaliie [»osiltons in society. Tbe »rene-no far aa laughter went-wa» re- freshing in the esl teme, but there was something about it that the city has no reason to boaii of, for it would have been dif^UMiing in a Mary-le-bone vestry, Unhappily, thc reportent of the press were not present, or rather, the press was not . repre- sented on tuc occasion, M that thc outsiders will not be able to chare in that appreciation of thc scene which those present must have felt. One row is likely to arino out of_ it, however, which must come before the publie. Mr. 3\. Markwell, while speaking, turned to Mr. Vi)¿\i, who was fitting behind him, awl mid, " I am not a liar, as you are," whereat lhere was a great outcry of in- dignation. A «mail scene of the ** vca eation " cast ensued ; but J hear Mr. P. will not let the matter rcrt in a hurry. To come back to the election, however. Thc result is hailed with universal approbation, and people begin to hope that thc day is dawning when the same and dignity of " Alderman " will not be looked upon with derision, or held iu contempt. His Excellency thc Governor has re- turned to Brisbane from a tour on the Downs. It was a trip for pleasure to all intents and purposes; but econo- mical motives render it advisable that it should be considered official. Sir George, who was accompanied by Lady Bowen and his aide-de-camp, visited Warwick, and, after taking a long round of sta- j tions, went to Toowoomba, where he re eel ved a brace of addresses, of which j you may see counterpart« tn any other two you choose to turn up. I see that some of the Northern parters continue to allude to Mr. Mac- kenzie aa Mr. Raffs probable successor in the representation of Brisbane, when the latter goes home. Now, in the first place, Baff is not yet out of the colony, and has not yet resigned ; and, in the »ecoud. Mackenzie would be unwise to throw himself out of a seat just now, and that is just what he would do if he contested Brihbane. People don't for- get that an Electoral Bill comes on neil session, and that Mackenzie-popular as be may be-ia a squaller. The rumpus about the principal ferry has ended in the defeat of Captain Towna, or, to «peak more correct)v. hu retirement from the field. Tbs Vftckly Hf raid of Saturday, in alluding to this Slatter, thoa condenses the whole affair : \- * When the Corporation of Brisbane tnoi the management of the priucipai ferry into their own hands. Captain Town* started his steamer * Premier ' on the same line, the route of the punts and steamers being closely parallel. The person in charge of thc steamer mali- ciously, aa it ia believed, fouled the warp of the pant on several occasions, and on Sunday lut, the punt itself narrowly 'es* aped being sunk while nouveying pas- i congers. The »teamer did not actually | charge fur transit, but levied a tot! on th« jMu-m-npjri! for landing on Town»' wharf, thoa trying to evvie the, «mirai of the corporation. Proceeding« were initiated br his Worship the Mayor, but they fell through in conséquence of an informality, «und the raw was to come before the Police Court a second time yesterday, th» Mayor refusing to enter- tain Captain Town»' liberal (!) oiler of tito Premier fer £2uXN>. When the time arrived, however. Captain Towns offered to withdraw hie et< Mayor would withdraw hi« case, bnt upon the condition of a steam ferry being established. The Mayor said lie would submit to no condition«, and Can tain Towns ultimately yielded. Simi- larly discreditable scenes to those lately enaded at thc ferry will not, let us hope, again occur." During the past week, »line slight sensation was ciuscd by the arrival here of tlie shipwrecked crews of two vessels, vir-,-the American whaler ** Hope," and the Sydney whaler "Sj>ortiiip l,a*s," both of which t-hips were hist on or near the Bampton Shoal. The captain of thc " Hope " arrived on Thursday, willi part of hi» crew, in three boat-, and, on the following morning thc following particulars-which 1 have somewhat abridged -appeared in the Courier, as the account give« hy Captain Gifford, of the " Hope"' :-"The Ame- rican whaling ship " Hope," ¡WU fons register burthen. L. S. G illbrJ, master, boloní^n? to New Bedford, sailed from Svdncv, on a two rears" cruize, in Julv last. She tra« tolerably successful in j taking whales uj> to ibo 17ib October I last, on which »Lue she gol M randed on Bampton Shoal- Thc weather al thc lime was fine, and the disaster was s-nh*!y owing to an error o!" nearly 40 mile» ii. the ¡Hisilíon of the sJi>»al, as laid doun on Captain G i flor JV charl. I'" rom l'in- time of ti»e wreck io the 30ih Octohei. the «hip's etmipany were eugaged in securing provisions, stores, and other articles from thc ship hy means of the boats. These they conveyed to an island near the scene of" the disaster. Subse- quently, from the 30th October to the 6th November, thc crew were employed in repairtn;» thc boals, io render them fit for the passage to the Australian coast. Thc party were ready to leave the island on the tîih November, hut during the icu following dav», lo the 10th, such heavy weather prevailed thal il was deemed imprudent to ¡int to sea. At daylight on thc tiioniin- of the Killi Noveiulicr a tiri:; wa» seen on the reef aboul «il mile!- distant from the island, which was occupied hy the master and crew ol' thc " IIOJXÎ." The crew were afterward* seen io ahaudon Ihe briir- and come towards- thc l>-l:md in thc baal?, when ii ira» ascertained thal the vessel was the "Sporting Lass,*" whaling brijr, of Svditey. ik'tiuctt, master. Cajitain Bennett, as om- readers wi il remember, was east away «»mc few months a^o ai the same place, in the schooner .* Prince of Denmark," from the remains of which bc consiruclcd a smaller vessel called the '* Hamlet's Ghost," ami in which he made his wa* to Brisbane. Thc crew of the "Sporting Lass" saved nothing from their teasel except what was talico into the boat* «hen having her, and she soon afterwards became a total wreck. Thc two ships" companies remained together on the Island for two days after the second wreck, and on thc 17th Xoveiclicr the entire crew of the Hoj>c" left the shoal in the four Iwais which belonged to her, and in company » ¡th hie boals conlaining the «-rew of the " Sporting Lass." ï*ho uhulc of the nine bi ii; s remained in together until the evening of the lilli, when Captain Gilford lost s'ght of the iive hoats belonging to Cap- tain Bennvit. also, of one of" his own. which was in .-barge of ¿he third mate. Tlie three now remaining continued their course wiitioui further accident, and on the moriiint: of the 21th instant, at three o'clock, they Made Ca;;c Moreton light. .Tltey reached tlrisbnnc abott', ci^ht o'clock vcslevda}' morning, al) in good health am' spirits. ti is supposed that the «ï missing boats have iivoeoedod on io Sydney, ii bein;. Captain Bennett's int ".ut'fm io thither without first putting int« Tïrishane, and as far wc can lean), ihe«; are no apprehensions to bc felt respect im.; their safely. iic*j)ccting thevessef herself, wc learn that thc has been absent from N'cw iîedford about six yeats on her prcsc-il voyage. M'ilii her cargo on hoard, as ai present lying on tile shoal, she is valued al7<>,dols. Captain G¡fiord is a heavy loser, and in ail probability has lost thc earnings of many years toil. The vessel was, so far as we can leam, uninsured. We under- stand that it is thc intention of Captain Gilford to sell the wreck on his arrival in Sydney."* On Friday morning, the boats be j longing to the " Spurling Lass"-rc ¡ fcrrcd to in tho aboie narrativo, as hav ing probahlv gone on to Sydney-ar- rived here, hut thc missing boat of the ** Hope" has. uo'i yet been heard of. It is hoped lliat the may have gone on to Sydney, hut, on the other hand, it is slated that she » not in a «erv sea- worthy condition, and fears as Io her MtfeiT are entertained. She was manuel by seven men, and was in charge of the third mate of the vessel. The " Fiery Star," immigrant ship, from Liverpool and Queenstown, with 554 passender, and the" San Francisco." (German immigrant ship, with pas- sengers, from Hamburg, have arrived since I last wrote. Strange reports as to the slate of affairs on board the " Fiery Star," are flying ahout ; and if all I hear be true, she is decidedly keep- ing up the reputation of the Black Ball vessels, for immorality, &c;, &c.; I «ev that the KJitor of your contem- porary has IK en having a bom of it n la Ualryniplc and Foca, sate and eicept in the matter of the weapon u*cd. Accor- ding to lite paragraph in voar journal, the gallant officer ot her Majesty"^ sable troop of murderers, must have felt con- siderably chawed up ; but it i* rumoured here that the narrative you give is all flatn, and that the boot was rather ou the other leg. However it may be, il ? matters very little, hut such «cetie« a« j these certainly do no not improve Uie 1 reputation of Tour town. Macalister doubtless chuckle* over mvnt events, a IN! nyalls to mind tlie definition he gave of jour citizen* tn the I louse, when he referred to them as tho " rowdies of Itoekhampton." The Immigration agent (Dr. Kemball) leaves Brisbane by the " Williams" to- day en route for Port Denison, where he will await the arrival of the immigrant ship " Wansfell," and make arrange- ments for the comfort &c.; of her passengers. The Union of the Presbyterian Churches in (jitcenafatut was consuui mntcd on thc 251 h instant, when thc ministers and otlicrs present fortm-d themselves int« a Svnod, of which the Kev M r. Wilson, of Ïpswich, was chosen moderator. T!»e IlrraU publishes the following cvtr.iel from a private letter, written bv a person al tlie Peale Downs f»o!d" iiehW:-" Notwithstanding all that has been written in the papers about these diggings, 1 am more and more convinced dsil} that it is really « jrooií guld-fíAd. Not, perhaps, a liai la ral, where «orne Uten make splendid piles, and a great many more nothing, hut a far better «inc. for general «m-i-ess. Itt fact, no one ! sink» absolute duffers, and any mau eau I easily make his £'4 or £*! n-week, with [ thc chance of coming upon pounds' weig'it, as many I know have, ll 1« wei*, however, thal a rush lias mit K'I in here, for Um ttoekhniupton merchants were so short-sighted as to keen thc supplies far below tlie demand, lit fae! lio,'.hampton will turn out a second Geelong, and let Broad .Sound, or one of ike filter ports, wrest tier trade from her. Scree her righi too; for all her so-called merchants arc mere jiedlars, devoid of any enterprise, and absurdly inflated with their own imjiortance." The idea of savins »hat such molest and unassuming characters as Fee/., Bea. ii-., a*v gifted ivitii thc sense of "sclf ünporíance," is jicrfectlv absurd. Yesterday being thc anniversary of thc patron «tint of Scotland, was re- garded as a public holiday hy ihc banks and Government offices, and the depar- ture vif the " Williams " was delayed until to-day. Business premises, how- ever, were opened xs usual, and thc Caledonians were the chief profiters hy the holiday, lu the evening a hal! was held in the School of Arts, bul St. Andrew seemed lo have changed plai-cs w i i li St. Swithin, for it bogan lo rain heavily, and has been raiuing, almost ever sjtlCV. The 41 Williams" returns to you this trip in good íríui, and Cottier, 1 air» hapiiy to see, has ix-Uer accommodation lha.'i he had before. 1'oor Wiseman, the Huge, damed a pax .trul on the deck of the " Vrara," when he found himself in command of her onie more. 1 sup- pose he didu't like turning in a spaie ?ill. by in. 