SYDNEY SPORTING NEWS.' (BttOK OTjn O#K 0OlUlE3rOK»BIIT.- TijLR.BzLh,— The Melbourne Intercolonial. Rowing Matoh Committee ^hare, at 'lengtb, -Jj7' stirred themselves to inqhiro if Iho Sydney ' ; orow are amateurs, A. meeting of tbo Sydney oomraitteo wa» called for on Thursday, to consider the communica'lon; hut,: un- , /?;, loriunuteiy, a . quorum couia noc ne oa* ; . .,; tainod, and the meoting lapsed, Sinoo then a . \; telegram has been sent to Melbourne, statinor ,, rr th\t tbo orcw selected hero 'ar« amatouis.' 'i Well, perhap9 they are,, but as there are two ,vj bona fide amateur clubs here, the A.S.B. Club i . and the University Club, I might suggest tbat '!jy the question be referred to them, whether in ', [ tboir opinion the persons selected are such a- ,',', : they consider amateurs. Can an employe— a ;?.-' noriion of whoae duty it is to row his master, to ,, buaineis, etc., every day— bo considered aa . ',: amatenr?' There is no duubt tluta proper jr understanding Bbould be timely arrived at, so as . .,- to preveut ' Mr. Barney ' from afterwards , f dcstroyinir the harmony of these matches. Oue Vj crew practise In their outrigger to-day. ,.„ . Tho Albert Crickflt Club bavo Issued apros-, ,? ' lec'sus of a joint stock company for the purohasa ' ,* and improvement of their now ground. The , :l shares L& each, and will only ho issscd to mem- . V bors of the club. . ?'' 'Ghosts 1' on dead walls, boardings, lump and . 'x telegraph posis— in fact, go where you will, the, ;.ij ominous word meets your eyo. During ths ,.?- week we have had them ad libitum at tho Vic toria. They wire introduced throqgh tha ;; medium of the old drama, 'The Castle Spectre.' n The ghosts conducted themselves admirably, tad, ; , under the direction of Mr. Wm. Pitt, acquitted '','llt thomnelves to the ostisfaotion of evory person, ;'. ,. moro especially the lessee, whose coffersthey have \ \ ',' added to co'BiderabIy. At thB Prince of Wales, ,f the ghost of tbo murderod nun, in 'Raymond , - and Agues,' tended to bolfbten the excitement, and lovere of spectral illusions' havo also been '??', ] treated ton number of coraio and fcntimcntal ; . ghost?, including Zamiel, Hoenan and Sayera, eto. Mr. Jefferson begins nn engagement this . evening, when ' Rip Van Winklo' will be pro-, ,,„ j sentcd. On Monday evening; a compllinoatary ,' \ benefit will be given to Mr. Keiff. All tha '; members of the Opera company render their services gratuitously, .as .a token of esteem toward* their late director. Mr. Birch's holiday trip ia ? not eo successful a» its merit deservo?, and &? r will probably shorten hin stay here. . ' ;; 