METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. London, February 9. A session with the first appearance of an Heir Apparent in the peers appears, at first sight, to be certain reconstitute " the greenest spot in memory's waste," among the most verdant of those who witnessed the scene, should they live to be as old as Metheusalem, that is, as Metheusalem was supposed to have been, till Colenso, curtailing tho Pontatoiichn! patriarch's lougovity by huff a dozou contui-ios or so, brought it to about what Professor Hol- loway promises to tho partakers of bis pills, provided only thoy will take enough, namely, till thoy cnn toko no moro. It may bo safoly assumed, however, that tho proverbial deeoitT fulness of appearances has soldom boen preg- nant witli moro assured disappointment. Thursday, February the 5th, must be anniver- sary of the day when Turner tumbled into the middle of that meteoric muddle, which had no beginning and never came to an end, called tho " Fallacies of Hopo." Apart from Hie picturesque phantasmagoria of tho Princo appearing as a poor wliero ho had no equal, probably no " opening" sinco Leofrio, Earl oT Jlcrcia and spouse of Lady Godiva?[progenitor and progenitrix oT our peerless P.]?sat in tho AVitenagoinoto ol Druid Caldwell's friends, tlio Ancient Britons, wns over so sterile of pro- mise as Thursday's. This at least was indisputable as regnrds the Commons ; though a little spasmodic rustle of millinery, crino- line, and n little extraneous mala haber- dashery, conscquont on tho presence of royalty, and of the very regal-looking mover oT tho address, lent a sort oT factitious earnestness to Hie routine proceedings in thc other place. There was a bas6 and used-up air about tho wholo businoss in tho lower house that bespoke foregone conclusions at Hie boginiiing; and told tho loast obsorvantof note-takers that the " wasted year" had been discounted in advance, nnd all found to.bo barrenness from Pam to Bonjainin. Noitlior iff theso figured in tho opening; nnd tho absenco ol tho former, ovor present on nil such occasions, first after Mr. Speaker in going up to the hereditary bur, first before him in returning to tho elective ditto, im- parted an ominous portent to tlio proceedings, signifying that he folt there wns no further need to trouble hiinsolf with the drudgery ol imposing on tho oyo oT those whoso under- standing ho had long put to sleep in his pocket. Next to him in tho ministry there is nobody ; but still some fow oT tho " fortuitous concourse oT atoms" do arrest attontion oc- casionally; and two ol thom did so?now in tho way least to bo desired, by buingawuy? namoly, Gladstone and Lewis, through do- mestic affliction. In tlio advance to Hie upper houso of tho ninety ora hundred JI.P.'s thoro wns a good deal less of tho disorder and boisterousness usually observable; but tho improved " deportment'.' did not misc from what Mr. Turvydrop would consider nu in- creased sonso ol grace and deganco, but from liippisliness and ennui and Dundrenryisin ; as it" tho whole thing woro a boro, and that no follah could bo expected to toko thu trouble ol trying to find ont what it wns nil about, tho lugubriousness oT their tiiiwontod torpidity engendering cogitations snell ns all Cumming's consternation posthuinics would wholly tail (o awaken. No church-yard in (his wide world yawns with suggestiveness ol mortality hair so sig- nificant as tho huh hundred yards stretching between Jlr. Speaker's chair in the ono houso and tho throne in the other This is tlio true Bridge oT Jlirza, down which tho passengers ever drop, disappearing in tho whirlpool ol oblivion below; while othor crowds hurry ever on, as iToach individual wcro guaroiitaod everlasting vivacity, mid Hint to-morrow was novel- to como. Session arter session tho notables traversing this narrow causeway be como ranrc conspicuous by their memory, till hardly ono abovo tho levol oT tho bord is left. But strangest fatuity of a fatuous age, stulti- fying itsolf in tho ono nrtielo of that ono faith it nlono respects, namely, thc supply and tho demand doctrine of political economy, just in proportion to the scantiness oT tbo supply tho demand diminishes ; in proportion to Hie exigency oTlho domand tho supply diminishes, yat tho price declines. Tho Tablo of tho sybil and tho books has ceasod to carry a moral. Nutna is superseded by Newdegate, and tlie result is before us, in a fashion that causes tho British lion to bo a much more idiotic animal than tho Roman wolf, especially as Niebuhr says the latter is as apocryphal an animal ns tho Bishop or Natal pronounces tho donizons in tlio zoological guidons ol Jloses. Never wns nation in want ol a man, Never was a niau so necessary to a nation. Yot tho indifference oT tho nation to tho loss oT its most respectable substitutes for a man aug- ments exactly when apprehension should bo agonising. Callosity is tho characteristic or this emotional era ol ours, wherein such is tho craving for sensation, that tho ehnnccs or being roasted alive inflames foiiiinine ardour for combustible petticoats, while tho masculine mind thinks that tho chef d'anivrc of creation is exemplified in torpedoos and electric eels, as there must bo always something stimulating going on in a society that carries its own galvanic apparatus at full cock in its tail, and in which, whon any two heads come together, positive mid nega- tive, an explosion has to be reported. AA'hen tho Commons abounded in uncommonly clever fellows, tho death of one excited tbo liveliest emotion in tho rest; and even tho surviving dunces affected a vir- tue they did not possess, and pretended to ho out of their wits nbout tho publio loss of brains they hadn't the private souse to com- prehend, but yet wcro not such fools as to let others bo the wiser on that hoad. So it was in tho peers ; and there tho decency oT hypo- crisy was kept until n^ery recent dato; ns in tho instanco of Lord Campbell. Every Tudo rostiiie ITontagoiietizod peer in Hie place pre- tended to bewail Plain Jock, as though all tba immemorial chivalry of Riiiinoyincde had been concentrated in Hie pelf-hunting 1'iot, and obliterated on his extinguishment; and this, too, although they got in exchange tlie astutest ornatest conscqiicntialost prngmati ealest piece of" pomposity on two legs that ever sat on the woolsack ; AA'estbury regard- ing liiinseir as equal to a whole chapter oT tho Order oT the Garter, and believing that whatever is impressive about the great seal arisus from his liding so superlative a chaff-wax, as Termagant Thosiger found when he attempted to brow-heat Bethell, last session, about thc ruined bankruptcy runners. Hut Bethell- elevation to the upper house dopressed not the lower, which is too far gone to fool abasement from this continual withdrawal oT mind from the body, not ono atom of which tlio most potent of microscopes could disclose tho existence, having been added for Hie last 20 years. If there havo been, where is it, wlio is it, what is it? And how is it nobody bas seen it, if an it or a lie it be? Yet, as just said, in proportion to Hie disappearance of tho Titans, the pigmies push themselves forward, ns they cease to he over- shadowed by vast substances, and ns high place fall to "thc lot of the smallest of men, tho allottees assume that they wero bom with Hie most capacious aptitude for governmental requirements. Their exaiuplo naturally in- fects tho titmico and pismires of polities willi similar self- esteem, till the puzzle is to meet with a man wlio doesn't believe himself equal to any existing difficulty, and whatever elso may turn up. They havo hoard that Russell, according to one of his shrewdest and most candid friends, would have onco upon a timo had no hesitation to command tho channel (loot, or give ovidonco of tho highest chirurgicul skill upon tho liv- ing subject on a dissecting tablo; Derby ploying resurrectionist to tho ennon of St. Paul's long-buried joke on Thursday night, and flinging it, for tho Inst time, it is to bo hoped, nt Finality. They know that his lord- ship's belief in himself imposed on the country, and procured bim tho opportunity of attempting many things much moro aston- ishing, and proportionately perilous to the public. They soo that tho Earl has so gono down to nothing that it is only his contempo- raries of older dato cnn beliovo in his earlior status, or that bo ever could havo boon any- thing; mid each cypher now gives himself similar airs, in tho not unwarranted assump- tion that liko brass may yield like gold ; the real philosopher's stone, in his caso according to remorseless Rupert's taunt, being Johnny's disregard of Melbourne's advice?" can't you lot it nlono I" Why all this moralizing now? Has thorc beon an unwonted murrain among tlio note- worthy members, and is tho pathway betwoon tho two houses so peopled ivith tho ghosts of recently departed celebrities that there needs an uplifting of tho voice of lamentation to tho vanitas vanitas tuno, and ti wringing of tho hands of despondency over tho pitiable present? No; there is no very particular provocation to peevish pensiveness on tho opening of tho prosont pnrlinincnt, only in so far ns that worst of maladies in nation or individual, optimism,?not thinking unrea- sonably' woll of things in general, but of ono's self in particular?is shown to ho more chronic. Doctor Connolly, and a lbw others of tho wiso mad doctors say, that when a patient is nlllieteil with l'm-tho-fmest-follow in-thc-worldisiii, it is all up with him; Hint you can got any conceit out of a man's bond savo self-conceit; for, when that enters, nine- teen diabolic gorillas enter with it, nnd no exorcist can oxpol ono of them. _ As with individuals so with communities, nnd with tho community wo nro talking of above all others. Tho roal fault of tho House of Commons is, tho boliof that it is faultless, the.conviction that there can't bo a hotter, and tho determination thnt thoro shan't bo a better; though said deter- mination is perhaps tho surest proof that though tho long-coming " man" may not bo at hand, tho " hour" is going to strike, for all that, und all tho moro decisively becauso of that. Hones, in looking upon Thursday's gather- ing, nftor threo whole apprenticeships of seven years ouch, as theso columns testify, to tho nrt of appraising tho folly of tho assem- bled wisdom, tho first consideration that oc- curred to your correspondent, now recording such ruminations perhaps for tho last timo, and chowing tho cud of ninny a swoot and bitter fancy whilo so doing, wns,?How near .ta downright death and dissolution is this all but moribund body, n caput mortuum savo for tho octogenarian bend that imparts an ndven titious vitality to what has really no inherent lifo ? But is not tho houso a Hydra, and as fast as ono head is cut off, docs not anothor of a hundred spring up? Not Hydra; nor oven Cerhorus. Gladstono him- self would hardly suggest tho possibility of a choice of one of tliroo hoads hoing found in tlio whole multitude ; nnd in tho ovont of that next nnd much needed bond lies thu talo each and all fem- to unfold But tbo want of that proximate hoad, in tho prosoiico of nu occur- rence liko tho death of Landsdowne admon- ishing us of tho precariousness of the present bend's tenure of its supremacy, brings ns face to faco with that fearfulest of all spoctros, and ono of a decidedly Irish description, vacancy, omptinoss, tho absence of ovon tho shadow of a sham. Conceive a houso, any houso that hy any possibility could bo elected by tho prosont constituencies out of thoso con- vertible into nny sort of M.P.'s being lcd by any othor thnn tho present lender ? Couldn't it bo led by tho last loader? Not at all. Tho prosoiico of tho presont lender gavo tho latu landor tho faculty and tho fashion of leadership, thc coherency of conduct osson tinl to control; furnishing tho nccossary an- chorage, as it wero, for tho conservative craft to hold on by, and so preventing tho rudder- less compnsslcss drifting into interminable eddios that would now tnko placo wero he from thc Exe to bo called to tho Styx. There was somewhat of a colorablo reality iu the opposition of Palmerston to Disraeli; for, al- though tho latter wns doing tlio work of tbe former far bettor than tho othor found it safo or convenient openly to do himself, ns in the instnnco of Malmesbury ostentatiously walk- ing into tho trap of tho Danish Treaty, and so consummating in tho Sound tho very object for which thc Paccifieeo imposture was kicked up in tho Pirrcus, thc insntiato voracity of Russell for tho naked spoils of office, and bis total indifference to tho artistic rnpturo of playing, or being mado to play, tho truo gnmo of tho haute polilique out of tho enomy's hand, imparted an earnestness to thc throwing ovorof reform which clovntod tho shabbiness almost to sublimity. But Thursday night's doings, or rather no doings, must satisfy thc densest rustic that tho Dis radian opposition to Palmerston is quito another thing altogether. It is moro trans- parent bosh; deceives, and is intended to du coivc nobody; nnd only reminds Ibo cnsual spectator of its ever having boon intended to decoive anybody by tho laughter of every- body, in tho manner of a pnrcol of sparrows in a corn- field perching on what was dosignod for a sen ra crow. How this carno lo pass, and why it carno lo pass, is known only to him who caused it to como to pass, namely, tho member for Bucks himsoif. A spark of sincerity, or, which is oquivniont to Hie snmo thing, a grain of stupidity, would havo destroyed all, and, with it, himsoif! for although tho Opposition is a nonentity, its putiitivo chief is a very decided substantiality?so made by tho Minister, who was so made himsoif hy his accomplished accomplice; it hoing difficult to say whether tho dromio of Broadlands or tho dromio of Hughendon is tlio moro copious contribution to tho joint-stock conspiratorial ptirso. But, though tbo older of tho twain has designated tho lattor to bo bis successor (and if anything does make the Comic Old Gentleman ferocious it is whon somo doucod kind friend talks of Clarendon!) the power cannot ho transferred with tho part. Alexander might bequeath tho Macedonian hcritngo to tho mosl worthy. But who was he ? and what beenmo of tho Phalanx when each of half-a-dozen proclaimed himself tho idonticnl individual? "A leader, mark you, is ono who loads," as old Tear'em usod tb tell us in his childhood?meaning bis fust, for fear of mistake; his Bonthamic baby-hood; and, as a sequonco to the sagacious postulate it ensues that thoro cannot, con- veniently, he a leader without followers. A fatal condition to thc Caucasian chieftain- ship of a working majority, unless, indeed, Shaftesbury should pour upon the tiniiioisloiied brow of the pure Sephardini the waters of bat.tismal regeneration, while Sidoniun should subject tho evangelical Earl to the process of Mosaic renovation: then, Colenso being squashed, and an act for tho introduction of tho Millennium mid unlimited rifled ordnance carried, Vivian Grey, and the President of the Early-Marrying Christian Widow's Balloon and Worsted Stocking Society, may put their respective host legs forward, anil walk over tho course?tho ono liko a jfein deor, the other like a Ruiiidoer, staggering Roebuck with their modesty, tho merit be most admires?nt a distance. Well, if tho Wondrous Boy. who so astonished his mother, and every mother's son ol' Mrs. Britannia in his Young England wild oats days, can't lend tho commons now that he's five and fifty, how about the Homeric scholar? Why how about anyone who isn't master of himself five minutes out of six, and doesn't know bis own mind from ono moon to another? Not much likelihood of his succeeding to supre- macy over tho six hundred and odd oddities com nosing the commons. To whom, then, shall wo turn ? Name anyone in particular, and a general hee-haw rewards tho nomina- tion. Timo was, in tho era of intellectual brilliants, when respectable dullness was hold to be a qualification; us witneso Althorp, who though ponderous beyond Buring, [Sir Francis understood,] and that was unendur- able avoirdupois indood, nevertheless was reckoned so invaluable n functionary of the I kind specified that lib! removal to-thoiuppcr house dislocated .lliu'Melhtiiiriio ministry, and the Last ol' the Barons was (raiismu'tod into a Baronet for ridiculing William tho Fourth's apprehension Hint whig government hud hocouio itnpossiblo because old Earl Spencor died without consulting his majesty's con- venience. AArouId not tho houso consent to be led by that pro-Adamite ndolescont, thc mombor for King's Lynn? AVall, there is no saying what stago of directorial destitution tlio senatorial slags may not roach nt Inst. But nt presont tho prospect is not so appal- ling ns that comos to. Stanley, corporeally speaking, from Thursday's expe- riences, gets on pretty much ns usual; that is, not exactly like a house on fire, but liko a house io tlio neighborhood of one that lind onea been on fire, and that lind ever after been afflicted with apprehensions of spon- taneous combustion, and would liko to call for tho parish ongino, if it only know how. Certainly tho sumo feelings cannot be shared by thoso in his vicinago. J'roximus ardet O'Callaghan, as Mr. Cox, of Finsbury, would say, is a motto never likely to occur tn any ono nt young Hotspur's elbow. Still, ns wo woro saying, ho is getting on. His physique is improving. Ho looks several years younger than ho did last session, and if ho progresses at tho samo rate till 1S0S, ho won't look much older than tlio Earl of Derby. Ho was not at tho morning ceremonial of tho opening, or probably oven his Indian death's-head re- membrancer, tho remorseless Colonel Rath bono, might admit,that tlio countenance oT tho iiigonuoiis youth oT thirty- seven was ca- pable oT expressing inexpressible amazement at Ibo royal speech ns spoken by Bethell. That sin-prising composition's mngiiificont no-mention ortho onco all-nbsorbing franchiso; its splendid flash ot silanco concerning Re- form which hal capsized consecutive cabi- nets, and oT whioh tho presont Foreign Secre- tary took anguishing loave, Tor one year, only, in n paroxysm ol hysterics and cambric pocket-handkerchiefs, bo spoke that superb disdain of what is comically called public opinion which only our ono innn-riiler is capable of; but whoreof, it is to bo presumed, tlio heir of Knowsloy must bo an admirer, ll ho bo not, surely Ruport junior would say so, and charge homo upon tho mocking minister, wlio was in lits 'most funambulist vein during tho debate, carry in g his irony upon tho ignorance of his audience ta lengths unpaiagoned previously; and certainly showing a mastery of Ibo art and oT himsoir, prosonting a Psychological Curiosity -undreamt nf oven by tho Asian Mystery in Contarini Fleming.' In thoovoning, tho attractions, such as they wore, gravitated towards Ibo Corinthian chamber. There wns no very-irrepressible curiosity folt as to Bazloy's views on cosmo- gony, oven though ho wcro sure to twist his many- threaded yarn into cotton, that missing link without which tho social chain is tho tnnglod skein oTodds nnd on'ds, or rnthor odds with no onds, which is filling our wool gntlioring Solomons oT civilization with such cobwohby chimorns concerning chaos mid bank discount nt 9 per cont. Neither was thoro any very glowing desire experienced as to tho right bon. Frederick Henry AA'illinm Gough Calthorpe upon taste, Shakspooro, and tho musical glassos; for ir it woro not to hold forth on such subjects that tho hon. Frederick Honry William wns sot np, it is difficult (o undorstnnd why tho hon. Frodoriolc Henry AA'illinm wns put forward at nil. A reforonoo to Dod quito nssnngod nil anxiety about tills illustrious obscure, ns it appeared from tho parliamentary Plutarch,.Hint ho is a vory nd vnncod liboral, with tho trifling reservation Hint ho bo not cnllod upon to pructico his pro- fessions ; and oven go tho longth of ballot, provided its application bo postponed lill there is no possible pretext for its oxerciso, whon, of courso, ho will voto for tho votoing process till ho is ns groon in (ho visngo ns Kinglake paints Hint lenst vordant of the genus homo, L.N.IJ. In tho poors, on tho cnn trnry, there was, in addition to tho itiitinl poop nt tho Princo, tho allurement of thu Euri of Dudley ns tho hiovor; a nobleman of con- siderable prominence in thu public oyo, though not oxnetly with that portion of tlio public whoso notico confers political Cclat, or tho eclat n prudential JIator Fnmilias most admires. Tho Fnrl, ns is tolerably wall known, is so prodigiously wealthy that oven tho proprietorship of tho most costly theatre in tho world (hor Jlojosly's) not only didn't ovcrwholm him, ns tho other houso did Dola fiehl, but didn't seriously nffect his foi-tnno. It wns tlio saying of a gontloman once woll known iu Livorpool, though better known on tho other Ride of tho Jlersoy, whon asked which was Ibo speediest road to ruin, that tho choice lay between a steamship and nu opera dancer; that is, in proportion to thc badness oT tho first or tho oxcolloneo ol' tho Inlier, so did tba kcepor oT oithor nrrivu quickest nt perdition. But whnt must bo tho Alnddinio nflluenco of him who lind a whole corps de ballet, sufiicient to play tho "Revolt ofilia Harem," three times over at onco, on his haiiils mid their feet nt Hie same moment; together also willi squadrons oT sqnalini howling for his guineas in exchange for thoir notes; and whole bands nf fiddlers nnd drummers scrap- ing nnd banging awny ut his pocket, cureless whether they played Robert the Devil, or tho celestial harmony of tho spheres, ns long as ho paid Hie piper. This ho did sharp on tho score, without ovor appearing a flat; or ex- pending more than tho prociso innrkot prieo on his whistlo; or being suspected of being a crotchet-monger; while never exhibiting a somi-demi-qiiavor of nervousness during tho wholo timo of the phlebotomising hubbub. 