" THEATRICAL ADVERTISEMENTS. ; (Ffcm thq Satur day. Btv lew, Marou 7.) EVERY English trade and, profession has a language , of its ownr or rather has a system of ' .contrivances for making a few words*or parts of words convey a great deal of meaning. Mr. Kinglake 'tells-us that at the Alma Sir Colin Campbell's, groom explained to his master, " in the dry, terse way of those Englishmen who are much accustomed to . horses," that he had brought Sir.Colin's second'horse to the front, to get him out of the way of the . balls; that'were dropping thickly in the ! rear, ' lt. .would no.t occur to. the groom that his own safety WEB more important that that of bis master's-horse, nor ! would he ' think of; making a merit of postponing self-regard to duty. Simplicity of purpose would in this instance produce plain- ness of speech; but it must be confessed that the prevailing brevity of stable language in-not' invariably^' associated Iwith. ^o.blivion"of the speaker's; personal interest in the, matter*-dis- cussed. , But whether the habit of terse diction bas any root in character or not, it is certain that this, habit belongs to all Englishmen who ore labouring in their business without. any present 'thought pf making an impression on the ex ernal world. In some lines of business! brevity, is practised under nil circumstances;' bat in ' other lines there is fine and flowing: language for the publié, while tba most rigid parsimony >bf'.wordB prevails in intercourse, with the- ini-! .tiated^ . r ??>\\-?. ; ? Perhaps aa good an example as can bo found of- the difference between two -; ways of speaking -bf the same things is furnished bythe theatrical advertisements which appear .every week\m -the Era: ?'. In one part of tiiat newspaper, actors-and managers speak, among themselves;- while- in another- part they address: expected audiences: -,'.'Wanted, immedit&eiy;, a good .)eádiDg¿ládyJ «'gopdrbeavy man,--a good juvenile marland /sever^i good utility; pepple,";.¡:fór. a, .country 'theatre. The experienced reader of playbills can imagine the sumptuousness of the epithetswhicb, fora different rpurpgft^iwöuld be heaped upon ? persons answering to these homely ^descriptions.. j Another, theatre wants;" a lady for second* busi- ness, acd. a share of-the lead,;" also, a» low Lcqmedian, a lady dancer, Bn old. man» arnold ; woman, and one cr two useful people.!; A, lead . ing man .who is usad to a pórlabla theatre may .obtain an engagement at Appledore,' iaíDevon-f .shire. ' The Malton Theatre wants an entire ; company, >! leader; and wardrobe., ¡The. Boyal Phoenix Theatre, at Northleacb', in Gloucester* Tsbirei; wants " a leading gent,?, and-a-laJy- who 'cati' play.' the. leads! and, make, herself other«. wise .useful,, and'; also a oiiltty. gent.*'' .Sober , people only, are required ati North ? leach, and: " a good round of fairs-" promises scope for their exertions. The prospects of tho theatrical profession must be better than is com- monly supposed) if "-leading gents"' are wanted' in such very put-of-tbe-way placas as>Appledore and'ííorthléaeb.í A circus at Manchester, wan!s ,"'talentbf "all ' descriptions!" ' The Temperance Fete in,Birmingham , wants ff amusements-" on Whit-Tuesday*, and ;'.tbe~ Oratory, " Brompton, which appears to have got into strange'company, wants boys with good' voices for the choir.. The ?plymouth; Alhambra .'wants talent, su'ted fat ¡oirous pr bpnpört-häll business.. The Dewabury -.Theatre wants a good heavy man, and a lady dáncer who can sot. The Burnley'Concert Hall jwants' VyouBg ilady vocalists pf . good 'appear-! ; ance,' .two.niggersi and good ) comio talent. : The Purham .theatres want: a useful couple and a good juvenile gentleman. There is wanted, fro ' ttíe Pr ¿vinces a conj u tor, ' ventriloquist, br1 any novelty capable of miking up, an' hour and a half, with music. Lastly, a good trick dog is wanted, and one that is-to speak more politely than the. advertjsement~of the .female set, and is'.small "and ,can leap well," .would bo preferred. It is rather oddly.added to;th¡B advertisement, " Per- haps Ootar Evana' will write." It might be hastily supposed that " Ootar Evana" was a dog1 who counted penmanship among bis; tricks ; but further,'/consideration,, Would suggest, thati the name. 'îOctar" cannot be appropriate to the female sex, -\'- _ [.???^ J ,Some of. the advertisers ia the Era who want engagements address their brethren'in. language nearly resembling that which the'profession habitually uses towards the public. A .certain Mrs. Harry Waite, serio-comic and characteristic vocalist, announces, .that,. " op.tnbined with Mri Barry Waite," the well-known IriBh comedian; singer, and dancer-^which' probably^ 'ffloacs, married to bini-she has concluded a successful engagement, and will, be open to another, in a few days. It is added-with a legal rather than a popular , apprehension pf the marital right-! that « Mr. H. W, has a first-class wardrobe, . both male and ¡ female." ,- It ? may be suspected, ho Trever, that this is on example rather of printer's,' blundering than of intended legal accuracy ; for surely a lady who advertises that ehe keeps.a htnband aa a sort of property < would also consider herself mistress of her other properties. It will not, we presume, oe urged that Mrs, H. W. baa not more occisión for a male than Mr. H, W. can have right tb d female wardrobe.; The next advertisement desoribes a lady whose title to a male wardrobe,' orto anything else to which she tokes a fancy, nobody is likely to be bold enough to dispute. ««Miss M'Donald, the Great North Highland Giaotess and the tallest barmaid in the .world, is how fulfilling the duties of barmaid at the Clown Hotel, Bristol." If Miss M'Donald wears a dress of-volume proportioned-to her altitude, we should say that, sha "fulfils" not only the duties of barmaid, but the bar itself, io the ad» miration of all beholders. The refreshments at the Clown Hotel are of the choicest quality, and no extra charge is made for beer or spirits served by the tallest barmaid in the worldj Another advertisement in the same column re- turns to that chaste simplicity of style which seems tobe indispensable for the subject of which it treats :-Walter Edwin and his miré Gipsy at liberty," If managers of theatres and speculators in entertainments do not know, all about the talents and triumphs of tho mare Gipsy, they must have lived and laboured very much in vain. It is only inferior performers who are driven lo resort to such contrivances as stating that ''? Mrs. Ramsden receive; nightly ovations ' in the skipping- rope dancp; or that Mr. and Mrs. White have a third and fourth call nightly» O'" that Mr. Moss's benefit was an immense success, or that " Ireland's own come- dian" excites roars of laughter every evening. Surely the dignity proper to human nature has been abandoned by these advertisers to "Henre quea's Troupe of Dog3 and Monkeys," which merely announces that it will be at liberty on a pirticulsr day. There are, howevc, animals almost as much addicted to puffery as either men or women. . "Three very handsome trained dogs .with all the properties" have so little sense of the nobility cf genius as to offer themselves as "a wonderful chance" to managers. We fear that canine nature ÍB lapsing from its pristine purity, and we expect very soon to find some dog advertis- ing that he has made a terrific bit, or created a perfect furore, or that the colobraied versatile ; Carlo, in bis great sensation part, is about to conclude the most successful engagement ever ! known, of which further particulars moy be j learned from'annexed "notices" of the public ' Press. We have as yet by no means exhausted the curiosities of theati ¡cal advertisement.. Our old acquaintance Mr. E. T. Smith is desirous to engage talent of the very first order for the approaching season at Cremorne. And any every j novelty will meet with immediate attention. The Londonderry Theatre wants an entirely new company, but "none butt partie* of acknowledged talent need apply." The splendid transformation scene of the Portsmouth Theatre. '' with transparent glass bridge rise from cellar," is offered for sale. Public bodies, proprietors of theatres.or amusements, and others who desire to get up " Prince of Wales*'"Wedding Demon, strattons,''can be supplied with a beautiful' design, emblematical of" the occasion, and1 suit- able for the head of a posting bill; First-class talent may write: to the manager of the People's Concerts, at Sunderland. Any novelty of superior description may apply- at London,Hall, Manchester, where a first cl tss serio-comic lady and a comic gentleman; are wanted immediately. ' Equ'es'rians- with theirown horses . . and . properties, niggers, clowns! gymnasts,..and Arabsj are informed that the .Alhambra Cirousr-Leicester, will open shortly' . A firat-elas3'iindorse, " warranted not tb sbyr and to go for somersault or other acts,"' is-..to be sold'yery, cheap. An offer tb engage for light comedy or juvenile lead claims managerial attention, not only to the talent of the advertiser,, but also to his '.'excellent wardrobe'" * Mt. Wells and family (fiyes-BÍx¿ .or seven in number) will be happy to enter- into - arrangements- for ¡ thé ?satnmer season. It is stated-that the family includes some-of the first f/male equestrian talent in the country^ and also " two of the best ring horses .in England, bar none,, and a small handsome trick pony," with> good' dresses,, properties, &o.;"" It is an encouraging sign of ?regeneration of- the age to find the;two ring; horses treated, .equally with the female talent, as ipart bf Air. Wells's family. It may be, hoped that England id beginning to imitate the simple habits/and modes bf thought of tho»0 Eastern tribes among whom a choice brood mare is ihonoured ot least;equally with a daughter. The popularity of blackened faess and . extravagant neck.gear appear» from these advertisements 'to baye, suffered no diminution.' " Thé Great ?Sensation Niggers" have just finished a highly, isoccessfulengagement, and " the most versatile negro trio now-before the . publio¿'" are nightly 'bailed wilbenthusiastic applause. Mr.and Mrs. Washington aré " real negroes,"' and unrivalled delineatorB>of- their, peculiar, race»" It does- not excite any.surprise to find, that MeSBrs.'Wright and Piokord.advertise themselves as " mala and female oomic- duettists ?''. but.' although'1 Mr. Hughes describes himself as- " late Mr., and Mrs. Hughes, duettiste,','." wo labour under a diffioulty. in. believing that he» can over have been both himself and his wife - at once. - ; Mr. Hughes, states that " hè-will W most happy'to join either male or female"" in various.lines,of business, so that, perhaps, the, firm ,of .Mr. and ;Mrsl; Hughes ; may be reconstituted ; without particular ïegard to: sax. ? Mr. Hughes' present stoek in trade comprises a, first-class wardrobe, the newest sensation, duets of 'the day, and a highlyrtrained^ performing dog. ,-, :. '* 7 j \- Some of us perhaps have had the opportunity of-oompaïiqg the language in which a' wholesale and a retail house conduct their operations with .the.language in which the retail house speaks to a customer about the' same' goods.*- alt is !in| structive to observe bow completely verbiage is ^thrown ¿side when neither party to the discus' ; ,sibn hopes, to impose upon ,tno ibth'er. ;L'awyerë considering among themselves, the effeot of a lengthy deed are not more resolute' in casting away all those redundancies of phrase, which the oater world is taught to- believe are . necessary! The- thëàtrioar mansgor;1 who: wants .', .a company .goes with. ::equal J8traigbtforward| ne38 to the point he bas in view. Performers pf the sort bf language ; in which 'managers ad) dress the public ; but when they, talk pf ' sensaj tiona and immense successes, it is probable that they only mean' that the advertisers are capable! bf supplying opportunities of using these phrases in relation to the theatres where they may hap- pen tb be engaged, The effoot of these manar gèrial advertisements on the'mind of a theatric cal enthusiast muBt be aT good deal like that of being taken, for the first time, behind the scenes; and finding the Ghost:in V Hgmlet ". refreshing .himself with a pot bf porter.. ! Perhaps, in the way of cold businesslike brevity of Btyle, , it would bo impossible to'surpass án' advertise- ment of the lessee bf the Scarborough' Theatre] who ."will .thank first-rate ¿társ tb,send\their lowest terms and date* at liberty,'' to her i address. ? - ' ? -; . -, j 