THE THEATRES. THE HAYMARKET. His Shaksperian interpretations where the stronger passions are called seventy into play-are undoubtedly the masterpieces of Mr. Charles Kean. Whether the artist finds tasks more congenial to his nature in the more special id conceptions of the great dra- matist as he finds matter glowing with mean- ing, and, therefore, fitter for his splendid de clamation, in the language placed by Shake spear. in the mouths of his creations it is apparent that we should have altogether mis- conceived the measure of Mr. Kean's genius, If we had not seen him in parts of higher range than Beverley and Sir "Wait r Amyott. Fine as his acting is, both as the unhappy gain ster and the loving and forgiving Puritan husband, the range those characters afford for the display of the actor's genius is fruited. Had no other evidences been presented to the audiences Mr. Kean has now sought out, they would have remained in ignorance of those native powers which have w n for him the approbation of all England, and placed his name on the same soil oil with that of his father, and the names of the few but great actors which time has pre- set vic to us from the traditions of the Eng-". If these to-whom Mr. Kean was a stranger, and his fame but a -tin y wafted from afar, were disposed to question the high merit of the actor of no better acquaintance than he Byerley of his- Benedict, it is now no longer a my story that he should stand so high among his contemporaries His Wolsey did much his Shylock did more; his Hamlet has capped these successive triumphs; and long been his rule has been played out if such a term as " long ' can be applied to a season the day of which are to he numbered by less than a sore-we shall be him not less universal!; esteemed, no less generally and heartily recog moved in Melbourne as the great actor, that li is acknowledged to be in capitals somewhat older, where playgoers are more familiarized with great actors and great acting than were, where critics of the highest capacity sat in judgement, and (whose verdict is usually, regarded as final in these matters. The ," Hamlet" played at the Haymarket Theatre last night was one of the greatest treats ever presented on the stage of the colony We do not forget the production of the same play, in year, gone by, when Mr. Brook and Mr. Coppin brought it out with a degree of excellence rarely excelled, and with a con- pany whose ability as a whole, has not been surpassed out of London. Nor do we d probate the merit of some subsequent r rivals. But with these before our memory, must still be confessed that the finest pe for money of " Hamlet" ever witnessed in the city is that which took place last night at the Haymarket. It wanted nothing to bring near perfection itself, but that the convict hand of Time had sat more lightly on to " Hamlet" of the night. Could we have had restored the frame and features of glows youth, what more would have been left desire? The grace, the spirit, the fire, t longing melancholy, the distraction of soil the love, the loathing, that by turns to the hapless Prince, were all rendered in t finest and best spirit. It is not necessary this day, and here, to preface remark on well known a play with any observations to its origin, its merits, or the triumphs has afforded to other actor.. It assurance to say that the key-note to the melancholy a the feigned madness of the Priced was stir: in the earliest scene in which Hamlet in! his appearance. The doubts which gave him as to the honour of the course, taken his mother, the quick roused suspicion of uncle's guilt, the horror inspired in him the bird contemplation of the double t deep crimes of which both had been gui the sickening of a fervid, poetic soul, which him to question whether it was not better quit by a " naked bodkin" so vile a so than linger on with such a weight of BON and loathing bearing him down to the cn \- were all successively laid bare with the ra skill. Here also, even more than in Wal and Shylock, shone out Mr. Kean's surp ing elocution. We should wrong his ox fence in one scene, to say that in another declamation was more splendid, or that h rather than there, the meaning of Ham pregnant words was more clearly or four expressed. From his first soliloquy, and " Break, break, my heart, for I must hold tOngue, to his appeal to the Ghost-' cul theo Hamlet, king, father Royal D of answering ;" his " What a piece of work man," his "O what a rogue and pea slave am I ;" and his address to the play; the exceeding delicacy of his appreciate the meaning of which the language. temple by Shakspeare is capable, was a study the student, as well as a gratification for scholar and the critic. Perhaps, in the act, the greatest success of the eve; was achieved. From Hamlet's scene Ophelia, where he wounds his love the quick by his affected dislike madness-, to deceive the hidden witness through the scene with (his players, to intends" with his mother in her closet, thing was left to be desired, and no paid left unmade, or missed by a thoroughly of and appreciative audience. The fifth net not less satisfactorily played. The bus of the last scenes especially was remari excellent, and the death of the wo poisoned Prince most natural', and-if su phrase could be appropriately applied to an end-most beautiful. Mrs. Kean's Queen was played throne with much merit. It was a subdued natural performance, true to life. " closet" scene is that which affords the a in this part the largest scope- restricted is-for the (display of her capacities. Mrs. KcaUB abilities- were well displ Her paiDiWltu t0 b in her great repentance for the wrong done to his father, which he has brought home to her heart' and conscience, was most feeling and womanly; and its stern or jection gave additional point to Hamlet's remark, as she depart in an agony of tears I must be cruel, only to be kind." Miss Chapman's Ophelia showed that we have still the measure of this young lady's capacities to learn. She created a very favourable impression, and earned well-deserved applause. Mr. Cathcart's Laertes was an excellent performance, and in Horatio, Mr. Everett appeared to better advantage than we have previously seen him. Mr. Coppin as Pollonlns caused much amusement and satisfied his, audience. For Mr. Edwards' "King" little can be said, and scarcely more for Mr. Younge's '* Ghost,'' which, ghostly enough in voice (if the common notion as to the key-note of the voices of spirits be correct), was anything but solemn or Bcdato in walk. Mr. Collier made a creditable Rosencrantz, and Mr. M Gowan an equally presentable Osric. Mr. Holloway and Mr. Milne as the actors, and Mrs. Holloway as the actress, did their little parts well. His Excellency and Lady Darling and family were present, and Sir Francis and Lady Murphy as guests of His Excellency. The house was extremely well filled, and several of the officers of Her Majesty's 50th Regiment (now in the bay, en route to Auckland were amongst the audience. This evening " The Merchant of Venice" will be reproduced. THE THEATRE ROYAL. Hamlet" was repeated at this theatre last evening, and notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, there was a good house. The cast was, of course, the same as on Saturday evening, and the play went as smoothly and successfully as before The second appearance of Miss Edouin as Ophelia strengthens the impression created by her first, and more than justifies the terms in which we spoke of her impersonation. The afterpiece was again " Uncle Crotchet." To-night, " The Wonder, of a Woman keeps a Secret," will be played. 