^acte m& Scraps, Why ii «n Eog!i«haiaJi like nineteen ehillingi?— Because he is nailer a (snreigB. The ph ilotopber Frazer «*ys thit, though a tnto without jnocey is poor, a nun with nothing bat ooef u Mill poorer. It i> worthj of notioe thit, while second UioojhU are best in matters of jo Igtaent, ftrn thoa^u are always to be preft*red in mitten that retaie to tnMality. bcaa^altf Mfay M many •treuni as the Kile, and there i* oftea aa much difficulty in tntciaj it to CosmtBBBm FOR TtiE Muss or Mews E«o- —Why is a shickly sapmed utipie-pk like x lover? BecaoM It** a «*eei-i»rt.—/iVrf. Mumcu. Puuoox,~A liigWy respeetaWe geatlem*a whs, at o'clock on the morning ef the 1st in stunt, WM much too fct, was observed three boars afterwards, to lain against s lamp-post.— JUd. ASTIQCAEIAX.—A VERY <M book msy be <!EScribed as i» the dog's ear and yellow leaf of Its ei- Ufote,—Ibid LITSSI F*SHIOK roa EVESIKG Omtckb.—The close of the day —fM. Toe proverbial keenness of the Bristol people ia business matters met with the following characteristic illustration on the occasion of the rejoicings tlitre m its lath March.—A Urjje flag wm limig oat from a tavern in Fmgraore-streei, on which was this inscription. " A sandwhich and a grass of beer for M.—Bkn tkemhdi" " Wei. Jane, this is a queer wiirid," aaij Joe u> his wife. " A sect of w.«non philosopher? has ju»t sprung op."—" Imieed," said Jane. » sad *ba! do they iMjtd?"—" The sirongest thing ia tatare," said he—" their tongses." It was mentioned that a certain confectioner thickene I his isinrfaM with dissolved twi^iment. wherenpoo a wit observed, tint so ne fiensJKWJIICtnade you eat your xrordt, bat that he a e his dads, YANKEE SrvLK.—A Cincinnati paper announces the '• Births™ as ATrivali, the " Deaths" as Depart ores, and the" Marriages" as Firings- Why is a glutton like a ghost? Ik-caase he'* alwavs a pobhlin. Mr. Caras Wilson. snnoKhe Her, Caras Wiison, a WcrtunwUaJ iBcambatt was origia*lly m- ttn ied (hr the dtarch, bat afterwards t«same a barrister. He was over sereo fe-*t high. A 1*4/ minting him at a pwiy, struck by his colossal stature, enquired who he was? Her friend told ha, and satt Mr. Wilson had b«en originally intended for the church. "The steeple, I sbonld h>ve tbonght," was the answer, OeEXKEss —Fear not to ha« every action of yoar life open to the inspection of mankind. Remember that a nicer casuist than man, sees into yoar least actions. Answer to Ilia, and fear no msn. The Timrt made as unfortunate blunder in its ftt'TCTttsing columns, annosnctaf in raespiciou* type amoii««t the list at mutt to let to riew the H«>al proit»»ion, tlie 6ict there were to be had at a certain address "two large-aisod mtit**." An emjr of thl» kind appearing 4a the 7Ss« is sure to be noticed by the idle and witless. Therefore, one is not surprised to bear that a shoal of letters la* been reecired at the address in the ad Wisement, soliciting the various particulars about the brace of widows, their tract site, how long ten been in the widowed state, whether photographs can bt Men, and othsr tomfooleries of the kind.— Patriot. A Frenchman one day made his mppearancc at Doctors' Commons, and told the «e>tkwa ia waiting that he wanted to look ata.AaU. " A shall!" said bis astonished aadUort "a AA—ob! a will, yea owan!"-" H*, jt is allde mu*- a viU or a ahall." A countryman txSnjt a witness ia a court of Justice, was asked by the eoimcfl » he was bon la wedlock,—-' , Uo, sir/' answered the man "I WM bora in Devotrtbire." The " Duw.drup Inn," (do drop io) ii the title of etteof tiie&inrOrkiaiM; holds, , A Pita CsALtESos,—A publisher *sy» lie wilt bellSTe la the tiwon of spiriuuUism, if the tiestd author of an unfinished suiry on Ms hands will dictate the rest ol the copy by splriwal teligmph. A gentleman nmetiog the excellent Blihop BcveridKe. asked him how he waa. Bereridfe replied, •• If 1 answer io latin, I an tit, sic, if ia Knglish, so-so." His friend retorUd—" That is % sD-se sort of pun." RoufiD asu B<jriUE,—A butchcr preseated bill for Ae tenth time to a wealthy, but niggardly man. I; strike rae," said the Ulter, - that this ia a pretty rouad bill." « Va," replied th<t bstcher, " I've *»t it round often enough to mske it amaat so; and I've called now to get it squared." 