TUB QUEEN'S MESSENGlill IN MEXICO. (Concluded from October 30./ So I aaid I would carry the bags myself, and Unit 1 entered the inn. There was a gmt kitchen on the ground floor, with « sort of p irlour partitioned off it, or partly »o, soinfthiiig like the coffee-room at one of tboae L iiidjii chop- houses where you see, yonr steak broiling on the gridiron as a whet to hunger. Besides kitchen and parlonr there were aovoral cupboard* and store-rooms, with padlocked doors, and a narrow wooden stair led upwards to the sleeping apartments. In the parlour, whoa we entered, sat in a cushioned chair a fat comely woman, fast asleep, and on a stool drawn up to the long table sat a pale lad of sixteen, trying some mancouvre with a pack of cards, perhaps the famous old trick which Frenoh swindlers call taut da roi. I know he wis doing this, because I was first in Use room, and as my eyes were turned in the stripling's direction, I distinctly «aw the gay colours of the painted pasteboard. But the landlord, who caoie next, aaw no sack thing, for the pale lad with infinite skill slipped three large open baoks orer the pack of cards, ana bent over them in the moat natural war in the world. "My wife—Kicelleacy—my ton. Ho! Oatrina, woman, awake 1" And the housewife, thus adjured, rubbed her eyes, and awoke, yawning. Meanwhile Diego asked, in a sullen way, where he was, to put my valise. I bade him aet it down, adding that I should be ready to depart at moourise, and that I would therefore sup at once. I thought the dusky ostler grinned a very •aturaine grin as I aaid this, but be said nothing, crossed himself before a large image that stood in a reoeu, with a feeble lamp burning before it, and went out. Meanwhile the mis're« of the house had risen to drop me a curtsey, bobbing her long gold earrings, and adjusting her digordered mantilla and comb as she did so, and then turned to her son, who was apparently studying with most edifying absorption, and lovingly stolded him for " wearing out bis poor desr eyes over the books," quite as an English mutber would bare done. The landlord, who was vigorously bustling among his stewpan* and spita, and under whose orders a dingy Indian Maritomes of a girl, with unkempt hair and kiltie of red cotton, was blowing up the charcoal fires of the great cooking bratter*, whisked in, ladle in band, at thes.* words. " Let the boy alone, dame. He pieces op learning as easily as a vulture snuffs carrion. lls'll be a bishop, yet— an archbishop, and wiear a grand rochet and alb, and give his poor patents absolulioj for all their —ahem I" And Seuor Mendaz, who had begun wattnlr, aai with a ring of genuine fatherly pride iu h's voice, stopped awkwardly, and gave a confused kind of cough. I hirdl v nsticel this at the time. I was too much amused—wickedly amused, I fear—by the d oll cjntwat between the exalted clerical dignity predicted lor the bov, and the dubious occupation ia which 1 bad found hira engaged. But politeness required that I should aar something, and I a*ked the landlord if this were his only son, and if be were studying for the university. " Our only son, oar only child, and hop*, and darling f" exclaimed the mother, fondly passing bar plump ban I over the lad's dark hair; " be has been already for half a year at college in the capital, B«»U«ocy, « brave sAolir he it, and high honours hell win, only I'm always afraid belt dry up tba very brains in Vis head with orer much paring orer St. Virgil and St. Gear, the dear, good, industrious boy." For my own part, I glanced at the demure st'ident, and could not help entertaining * doubt as to whft'ier h« sickly pallor wer J wholly due to intense classical or theological researches, especially as I saw him, when neither father nor mother were looking, extract the cards fram under the folios, aad dexterously slip them into his bosom, Senor Meadez had the help of ai Indian girt, who might have bean the twin sister of the one employed in blowing the fire, in arranging the table. This she covered with a cloth, not very clean indeed, but with a fringed border of crimton silk, much faded, but still handsome; the plates "Wire of course earthenware, but the knives, spoons, and forks, had heavy handles of dull silver, and were stamped wfth arajorjal bearings, half effiwed, in a rough faahioo, as with a smith's file. I gttewsad that thev bad been part of the plunder token from the mansion of sotne rico by the robb r-soldiery of one fsction or other, aad s 4d cheap to the innkeeper when fortmie turn ad. - Cover* were laid for four. It was evident that I was not to sup alone, bat that the hour of the usual family meil htd been advanced to a> commodate tns. Meanwhile, the table having been "cleared • of the book', young IIOM{U1 'wks necessarily disengaged, an 11 maa»-t>nsor two attempts to draw bim into convemUoa. In :vain. His was a stealthy, ascwtil-e natutv, aad in bts aJy em and me affecte l basbfolness of hi* brief auswers l -could read, what I alrea^f conjectured frjm the little episode of tbe ards, tfe^he voutb was? onthe high rati to- " " tting a» a finished hy^crite. f«tuf», in spite of hispaity inclined to te tiul and s, hit he soon kapirod tne witft aiwi/iu? rf actoal diig"*^ . " So nwa* Tirtuff, hive „_ saiiftly ion, of wheal «be tsbaodw^e evidently imA'bierand roid Jb for the #tplmg ^ e d loUke all this adoraue. and^was as passive Wl idol ^ . ^ h o u g h ^ rtod « m«vwhen diewbere, were kMtt and mflOoughT^ Jk 'I®!? in camf the landlord, no longer in a^sooltW whitoclarb, but wearing his Sunday Jaeket of green velvet, splendid with^»il«fj bdl-bttttons, a purple scarf (Hngad with beavy gbld bullion, and a yellow sashirvnntl bis^faist, hastily put oa to auk* hia i?ortbr, ii he aaid. of the honour to ait at a*at jnth » Bfible an BsglbhMn ii nrarif ^RMVBpperwtai trtwbiiwghtm, od'fair'"" »• down to table. I complied, placing the Foreign Office bags, by force of habit, close to my chair, just as you see them now. The hostess glanced at the image of the Madonna, crossed herself, and Bat down in a slow reluctant way, caused very likely by some twinge of conscience at sharing her meal with a heretic, and 1 was looking toward* bt?r end of the table when a mosquito, attracted by the lamps, flew bumming up and bit me sharply in the cheek. I turned my bead, and caught a glimpse of Senor Mender, who was covetously ogling the bags, wlvcli, with their fine brass mountings, and the blate of the English arms thereon engraved, no doubt impressed him much. Fur a moment it occurred to me, as I saw the man's eyes sparkle, that I was in unscrupulous company, and that the landlord might very possibly suspect me of being the bearer of treasure, rather than of dry official papers; but Mender had great command over his face, and it smoothed out again, fat, broad, and placid as a pond that a slight ripple had disturbed. The supper was a good one. I am not going to bore you with a full list of its dishes; there was puchero, there were frijoles, of course, there were game birds from the mountain, there were stews, ollas, and many fruits and vegetables quite unknown to me. Barring a dight excess of garlic and bean oil, it was ja plentiful and savoury, though somewhat greasy, repast, and I ate like a famished creature. As for liquors, there was coarse fiery pulque, more fiery corn brandy, as well as plenty of Albuquerque sherry and Paso champagne, the two best wines grown in Mexico. I have often wondered, since then, if my liquor were realty drugged, or if it were oaly fatigue and long abstinence, folliwed by ratber too much food and wine, which made me {eel so sleepy and languid at I became. At any rate, I experienced a sense of lassitude so profound, that when the moon rose clear in the pure blue sky, without a cloud to intercept her light, I could hardly muster the moral courage to call for the bill and demand ray horse and guide, saying aloud that I must set off at once, And when Diego, after a long conference witfc the host, came in with a cosk-and-bull story about the lameness of one of the horses thit had been kicked by an equine companion, and tha consequent necessity (as the others were needed for the diligence') of postponing my journey until eirly m -ruing, when a steed could be fetched from the corral of a farm two leagues off, I readily accepted the excuse. Indeed I felt rather glad of so good % reason for not making an exertion painful to me in the relaxed state of my nervous system. Had I been drugged ? That is ^hat I never knew, and probably it will never now be known. " Excellency, VOUL will deep here f We can give you a capital bed, a bed for a prince, and early in the morning we will seek you a borne that shall carry you like s bird. Tou will not repent stopping with us. So—this way, noble air—take cara of that beam to your right." With these words the civil landlord lighted me up-stairs,c«rr.ing my valise in one hand and a lamp in the other. The room into whi eli ushered me ww reftdied by passing through another, wholly unfurnished. It Was an oblonj, low^led chamber, with bare floor and white- washed walls, and caataineJ veff little furniture beyond a b-*d and a single t&aa-.; One end of the room was occupied br a qnantitv of frash hnsk* of the Indian eim, from whkh the large grain had been lately separated by the usual process of picking, and for the rpreaence of these husks th» landlord apologised, and I listened to Us apologies with drowsy impatience. Then, after a thousand speeches and proffer* of service, Mende; lfefk safe, witti' a ' buenos noches, nobile Senor," and I remained in possession of the lamp and room. . gtnqgntifBe 1 mfpeit that the sbeett were clean,—no common mattorin Mexieo, —{. ((rooeeded latify to undress. I opened the window, or, more correctly speaking, I left it open, an almost indispensable precaution against belng stilled, for the roof was low and the uignt sultry. I ought to have told you, Tom, that the r jom I slept in wanjiettW :ojie generally wsigned to guests of quality. That state room was pronounced uninhabitable for the moment, the cetliti£-li«vioggiven«r-ti» day before ( indeed th5tou»e was a fottin old barrack, tumbling to ruin* a* everything doss in that ry. ,1 a d I went to bed, t'»en, putting-the bags, as well a* my own purse and pocket-book, under the bolster, out rather in m mechanical way than from any pradetiti*! motive). Such hid been my eusto n, and I adhered to it. u As for the door, 1 certainly felt * languid surpris-e when I found it had no fastenings, n > lock'no bolt, nothing but a simple latch; but I was too stupid at the mement to can much, and I sat for a little while dreamily puffing a cigar ia the open wvndiw. and then extinguished tha lamp fcndgot feed. Wis lamp wa< hardly -SWU'^ WiWbwn ®P •huttw', «od thft ailvwy moonlight pound , in and seemed to veneer the dirty boards of ti»e Ipar ^ f r f f i I T piujr The ligbt teas«4 n»o, and I did not »et off to .deep quite as eastly ail wjibsi When I did tall a«lcep, arter tossing land tumbling, I was by * »en»ition Which I shoald liai^fa 1dentift«l wi^^i»t ctused jtyt^umj£tKMig Jsyed aUve. were the disturfwrs of my repose, but they were Mexican fleas, bitjA and lively, and t ptipnofe Jtyr Aailo-Siipn cotWn was a|reat \- At uny on Jheir exotic banquet with a fury that banished everv idea of sleep,I tamped up, and w«uld have pelighted th« lawp, but jcould not find my lucifer matches, and as the nuxHk had gous ilown, thwe was a *eff j$B> twillsbt in ths ohamber. Sorting of gdttmgrid tit my tiny tormeat^ra. tod u«> uwiimmvttii^sit^t the one chair in the room, when I linifin* bertd ft«-ft«sb, deati,inal»*.husks 4A the -MhV*tt of the fcpartm«rt ( tod, fejsli»$ mf fay towards thein.Jay d^wnupoh them «nd fbimithey madf» a tolersblr couch. • ^ Ajreat4eal better than a Maxican bed," a tnittlitertii, tt Idrew tnyponchootw me, and applied myself tothb task offaQ- -i^g M^Mp,. But dwp wpn't come at command; I gave up all hopes of a good night, I was restless, feverish, sensitively and distressingly awake. Perhaps I had rally been dragged, and the narcotic bad acted as a etimalent ratber than a soporific, or the fleas may have done it all; but, at any rate, I was broad awake when I heard 'voices murmuring under my window. The sounds were smothered and indistinct, and were soon followed by a scuffling noise; and, to my surprise and, I own, dismay, the head and shoulders of a man were thrust in at the open casement. All I had ever heard or read of lonely inns and treacherous innkeepers, of Mexican perfidy, of murders done for gold, flashed on my memory at once. The Yankee's warning, too—I remembered it now, too late. I was quite unarmed. For ought I knew, there might be half-a-doxen ruffians without. Meanwhile the intruder was struggling to enter, evidently pushed up by unseen hurls below, and awk wardly scrambling over the window-sill. To have sprang up, and hurl him backwards, would have been the work of a moment; but, strange as it may seem to you, Tom, I never thought of it till the fellow was fairly in the room, and on his feet. Then I rose to my hands and knees, resjlved not to perish without a fight for life, when two circumstances checked me. One was, Hat the person* without, whoever they were, withdrew with cautious but quite audible steps, instead of following their accomplice. The other was, that the invader, instead, of availing me, reeled up to the bed with a tipsy hiccough, flung off his upper garments, which he pitched into a corner, and, rolling into the bed, drew the coverings over him, and was soon breathing heavily in the deep but disturbed sleep of intoxication. I drew my own breath more freely. The intruder was no assassin then, but some drunken fellow who had mistaken the room, while I had wrongfully suspected the landlord- What was now to be done ? Should 1 lie still, and share my chamber with this usurping Trinculo; or should I, call up Senor Mendez, and have the man turned out r While I hesitated on this point, my doubts were cut short in a war 1 little looked for. 1 heard a footfall, not outside, thi< time ; but in the little antechamber. Then a board creaked, and a curse, low and deep, in the Spanish language, followed. Another step, and another, the dull, stealthy tread of bare feet, and 1 saw a ray of yellow light ahine under the ill-fitting door. In the next instant the latch was slowly lifte l, and th ; door opened so as to admit a band of light, across which could be plainly seen the shadow of a man's hand, the outspre»d fingers of whicii tried to shade the gl»re. " Asleep' of course he is—the heretic curl" mattered a guttural voiee, thick and fierce. " Cautious, Diego,! gently my son. Put the lamp down in the room, behind us. We shall eee well enough;" hissed out Senor -Mendez, in a tone very unlike Ae oily accents of bis usut! utterance. "lie is but oae. He ia unarmed;" growlrf thr wlky mulatto; ' bat I'll set down the Jamp if yon are afraid, padron." Then I heard the lamp set gently down. It gare little tixht in the chamber, but 1 lay at the farther end, and my eyes were ^ssd 'to a* djBknaw. ^ i dually siw projecting ahadowa of the two me i. Who they werii, £ «&tly; guesseJ, nor' could I doubt Uy heart almost stopped, aad a shiver ran through me, while my forehead Mtcold and mSfP 1 don't think it «« entirely fear that I felt, but horns; du≮ In die tbns, butchered like a aheep. in a mean w»ysidi inn, withsot hope of effectual resistance. Yet Tbraibed my nerves for a hard contest. aud re*o!ved to sell my life dearly. thev came. The Anfiftrt, hud Diego, the coloured man. The" latter had bared his muscular arms, dark* as bronze, to the shoulder,'and earned in his hand a Jm^ knife tbat giit- "t*red like silver, as a thanei ray* frimi the lamp fell upon it. The innkeeper WSJ armed with a heavv machete, one of those short swords of which the Mexicans are so fond, fite looked pale, almost livid, but resolute. while the mulatto's pointei teeth were displayed in a sort of grinning smile, like those t>r * inartiag ds^. Bpti were barefoot. 1 crouched on the maize husks, ready for th| warst. ^fendea wpe-the Ira^t robuBt of the vitliatts, and ffiifi I mlaht "jierh'sp* hope toMerpoweranddisarm,though (bechance •earned desperate, and I knew not bow many confederates might be within call. , " Strike!" aaid the landlord, hoarsely. Quick and st«i!thy «s a pinther" the mulatto bouad^ forsmrd, not to where 1 lay, but to the bedwde, and plunged his! cruel knife through the eo»Brings, which were instantly reddened with blood. A^ain, again, again, I saw the flash of the kniie in the air, iind heard the dull sound of ha iifeol^.ai'ft^tiM W4jr of tts ricUm, who had wafcened, and, with a gurgling etjy steM toattcmpttorise. Butooquickly was all Mils done, that I had not recovered from my surprise, before the treacherous laadlord hUrried up to help his bbU^ ally, slid pluuged lus sword into the yet breathing body of theatiffisrer. I heard a deep groan, aad a smothered sob, tad sll was still. The fbul deed was done, aad infcerftren.-e n»elBSi, wtiae than useless, for I could, not doubt that the poor drunkard had been raurdared by mista^ and thst the ruffiins believed the corpse before them to be mine. " Vaya ustbd i los infieraoi!" growled Dieg?.pantingforbreath. " ' . "Ai»you auwf" aaked Mender falteringly. • " The spiDe i* Tiiiin, and the heart beats no tnoi«. Hie ialander will never <»inpiain of bis broken sleep, matter. Here are l»u1>ags, purar, jnd podtet-book, under the bolster, just as I caw them placed when I pwped through the chink." VVilbout ^ipthejf word, bofi'^murderers steps j I aw tlMs lampsbedits l»st ray intotberoom. My blood W«s oold in my v^nt. I had tttetoUttUr- preserved from a great .tot^t wbst a cost! Who was he had diedia my pl^je P That I ^nuld f tWMN. Sttl tlte thought occurr^ ,tj na ibattite villians would dirablteM return to fetch the body fbr burial, and the diswould not Await their return. Hastily f ?«t on my caat and boot*, crosasd the room oitip-toe, avoiding the gory Ud wd ita g'm-tly teuant, and lowered myself out i of i he window to the full ttreteh of my i arms, then dropped. The shock btmumbed me for a moment, but I was unhurt. I found myself in a gardtti path, and there was light enough for me to find my way to a gate, to emerge into the high r >ad, aud to hurry towards the silent city of X»lapa. I see by the clock that time is getting short, so I will not dwell upon my feelings, or the turmoil which arose when I made my way to the alcade's house, guided by a lantern-bearing watchman, whom I happened to meet, and aroused the magistrate from bis slumbers. It (so happened that the country was then under martial law, and that the party in power wished to stand well witb foreign government*. A detateliment of (ioldlerjsaccompanied the police; and, led by me, hastened to the wayside inn. yard gate was found closed. The officers gave the word, and it was instantly battered open with the stocks of the soldiers* muskets. Two men ware found, by the light of a lantern, digging a grave, no doubt intended to receive my remains, ia a corner of the enclosure. They were surrounded aud captured, and of course proved to be Diego and his master. When the vUluns were arrested, they showed much dismay, but on catching sight of me, their superstitious dread overcame them. They Ml flat on their faces, yelled to Heaven ibr mercy, and loudly and incoherently confessed their crime. " Let them touch you,** said the Mexican captain: "they take you for a ghost. Carimba! they thought their job a finished one,*" But when the wretches were convinced that I was not only alive, but unhurt, their bearing changed, and they began to deny their late confession. " We shall see about that!" said the officer, grimly; and by his orders the ruffians were fed, under a strong guard, and bound, into the fats] chamber. There, on the bed, under the torn aud blood-spattered bed- clothes, lay the silent witness—the poor slaughtered man. " Will you deny, now f" asked the officer, harshly. The room was now flooded with bright torch light. There the body lay, huddled up under the clothes, and with tbe fats hidden by a pillow. Hie dark hair floated about it, disheveled- Both ruffians trembled, but Diego first regained his audacity. " Ihmoniot! Tou have got us : can't you hang us without all this fuss ? For my part, 1 wish—" He was cut short bv an agonised scream Tbe landlord's wife, disturbed by the noise, bad entered, to find her husband a prisoner, and that a crime, of all knowledge of which she was innocent, had been committed. But wor«e still, in tbe mangled cjrpae before her, the mother's eye recognised her wo—her only am—slain by his father* hands in the dark, and she rushed dp, and clasped bis cold form in her arms, with a cry that will haunt me to my dying day. *' Tnea. the drunken intruder was' the landlord's son ?" " The same. The pale student. It was proved that tbe lad, a precocious debauchee and gambler, had the habit of steading out at night to join his friends, who were the worst scamps in Xalapa. On this particular night, he had returned with some eommdea, tnnch intoxicated, aad fearing to arouse his parenta, who briieved him qaieHy asleep hours before, had a<ked his friendato help bim through the open window of ray room, which he imagined to be unoccupied; and therefore chosa to atop there inatcad of stumbling to bis own chamber. Hence the catastrophe." " T«e landlord P Diego P' " Ware hanged at daybretk, after a hasty shrift by a priwt. Justice is summary in Mexico. Tbe despatches and ray purse were found cancelled in a fcapboard. But the poor mother—my h <art ached for Ber, poor thing!—I heard afterwards that her reason bad fled. By Jove 1 there's but five minutes to catch the train. Good-bye, Tom, good-bye " 