ARRIVAL OF THE MAIL EUROPEAN NEWS TO SEPTEMBER 26. . THE CANADIAN QUESTION. MILITIA INCREASED BY 10,000 MEN. CHARLESTON NOT YET TAKEN. SUSPENSION OF THE HABEAS CORPUS ACT BY PRESIDENT . LINCOLN. THE FEDERALS DEFEATED ON THE RAPIDAN. SUCCESSES IN TENNESSEE. RESIGNATION OF GENERALS GILMOBE AND BUBNSIDE. MISSISSIPPI OPEN TO TRADE. FEDERAL EXPEDITION TO TEXAS. .SUGGESTIONS FOR A COMPRO MISE BY THE NORTH. THE POLISH REBELLION. UNSATISFACTORY ANSWERS FROM RUSSIA. THE PRUSSIAN CHAMBERS DISSOLVED. ABUNDANCE OF THE ENGLISH HARVEST. THE NEWS FROM JAPAN. THE JAPANESE SEVERELY PUNISHED. FAMILY EMIGRATION TO SOUTH AUSTRALIA. RENEWED DISCUSSION ON TRANSPORTATION. INCREASED REINFORCEMENTS FOR NEW ZEALAND. THE ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN RIFLE MATCH. THE QUEEN IN SCOTLAND. WOOL AND COPPER IN DEMAND. The Eangatira arrived on Thursday evening with the September English mails. We learn that the Norlbam did not leave Galle until 7 p.m. of the 24th ultimo, the mail having been delayed by an accident to the Foonab'e ma chineiy, which obliged her to pot into Lisbon, where she remained three days. A further detention of two days took place in Egypt from stoppage of railway traffic, arising from the overflowing of the 2iile. It was expected that the traffic would be impeded for four monthB. The Nubia made up three day a of the lost time on the passage from Suez to Galle. The Northam experienced very strong trades for four days, the remainder of the passage was moderate and fine. She was to leave the Sound for Melbourne at 10 p.m. of the 8th instant. Subjoined are the leading items of the month's news:— The letters by the overland July mail were delivered in London on the 14th September. The heavy portion of the mail arrived at Southampton on the 18th. Although broken weather haa interfered with the harvest in the north, it was all but com plete, and the result is a wheat crop consider ably above the average, both in quantity and qualtity, a full average crop of barley, and probably also an average crop of other grain. It is calculated that the value of the crops is at least 40 per cent, above that of last year, and 20 per cent, above those of1860 and 1661. Numerous harvest-homes were taking place, and some of the Bishops have urged the clergy to hold thanksgiving services. The Queen returned to England on the 9th September. Though she moved about freely while in Germany, it is stated that she was not in the enjoyment of robust health, and suffered from - both the heat and her joumeyings. A large number of persons witnessed her arrival at Woolwich. She has sicce left for Balmoral, where the Prince and Princess of Wales were staying. The Prince Louis of HesBeandthe PrincesB wore also on a visit to the Queen. The Prince of Wales spends his time in deerstalk ing, and the Princess in sketching and fishing A Bible and Prayer-Book, from 6,000 gen tlemen, eubacribing'a shilling each, is about to be presented to the Prince of Wales. It is reported that Prince Alfred will many the Princess Mary of Saxe- Altenburg. Numerous " Congresses" for scientific, social, and religious purposes were being held, or were announced, botli in England and on | the Continent. - | The meetings of the British Association at Neweastle-on-Tyne had proved most suc cessful. Sir W. Armstrong was President, and delivered an able address. His statements relative to the probable exhaustion of the | coal supply in England, as well as a paper of Mr. Eawcett on the depreciation in the value of gold resulting from the recent gold discoveries, have led to much discussion. The Channel fleet has visited Liverpool, j where the crews have been publicly entertained, to the great delight of both the sailors and the I public. Everywhere the fleet is received with J enthusiasm. Discussion on the Mohow Court-martial j and Paymaster SmaleB's case has been renewed. ! It is alleged that the witnesses for the proeecu tion axe not being fairly dealt with in India. | Mr. S males denies that be has been a de faulter in respect to pecuniary matters. The melancholy catastrophe which befel the ! Bct. T. H. Campbell and his family, in the running down of the vessel on the way to Dnnedin, in New Zealand, has occasioned ] great Borrow in English circles where the un fortunate gentleman was best known and ap preciated. The great fight between Mace and Gobs ! ended in the success of the formerj but the ] combatants were interrupted in "Wiltshire, and | had to go into Essex. Great complaint is j made at the connivance of the police authorities ] and the Great Western Bailway Company. Lieutenant Dickson haB become a bankrupt, the result of his lengthened and unsuccessful litigation with Lords Wilton and Combermere I and General Peel. Mr. Sotberon Esconrt baa returned to Eng- { land in improved health. Mr. EUice, M.P. for Coventry, has been found j dead in his bed. Mr. W. Cooke, Professor j Cockereli, the architect, Mr. Potts, M.P. for Barnstaple^ Earl Beauchamp, and Matquis Townshend have also died. Archbishop Wbateley was gradually sinking. The deaths of some of these will occasion Porliamentaiy elections at Coventry, Tamwortli, East Wor cestershire, Tewkesbury, and Barnstaple, in some of which contests are expected. Cardinal Wiseman has delivered the opening lecture of the season at the Hartley Institute, Southampton. Baxter Park, Dundee, the gift of Sir David Baxter, has been publicly opened. Earl Bus sell attended, and was admitted to the freedom of the city. An agreement for the purchase' of land for Finsbnry Park has been signed. The Bishop or Norwich is about to proceed against tbe Kector of Claydon, Suffolk, for Popish innovations in conducting the services. It is stated that Bishop Colenso has ex pressed his intention not to obey the summons of the Bishop of Cape Town. The clergy of Natal have signed a protest against Bishop Colenso's views. The promoters of the open church and offertory movement are holding meetings, and are otherwise active in advancing their prin eiples. It is announced that Dr. Duff will leave India for Scotland, to act a9 Secretary of the Free Church Missions. The Easter dues agitation in STorksliire is being renewed. The Great Eastern, on her last outward voyage, lost a portion of one of her paddle wheels in a hurricane, and was delayed a few days for repairs on the homeward voyage. On her return voyage she ran down a vessel. It is stated that she will not be sent out again .this side the winter, and it is also rumoured that she will be sold by auction. The Meesageries Impcriales steamer Sabeh from Oran to Marseilles, has been wrecked. No lives were lost, but the mails and a million of State bonds went down. The Frankfort Hall, of Liverpool, has been lost in the China Seas, with 32 out of 33 bands. The missing Lord Baglan, from Melbourne^ has been insured at sixty guineas premium, and has since been set down as past insuring. The Hull steamer Zealand, witli seven of her crew, has been lost in the Baltic. Two steamers—the Baron Ozy and tbe BbiDe—have been sunk in the Thames. The Ocean King steamer lias run down the Elvira barque off Dungeness, and sunk her with four of the men. The Pactolus has been wrecked off Gape Baee, and the Ocean Mail, with a cargo worth £100,000, in the China Seas. Numerous wrecks have been reported—34 in one week—making 1,191 in the year. Sir C. Phipps has, at the royal command, written to the Warwickshire Magistrates, ex pressing Her Majesty's gratification at their intention to use their influence to put down rope-walking. A third fatal accident to a visitor has oc curred at Scarborough from a fall from the cliff. Several deaths from drowning have oc curred at watering- places. A lady returning from the Isle of Man has been washed off the steamer's deck and drowned. Another London omnibus-driver has been killed from a fall in sleep, it is supposed. • There has been a collision between a Parlia mentary and a goods train on the Stockton and Darlington Railway. Several persons were seriously injured. The engine-driver and stoker of a Cornish train have been killed by tbe engine going off the rails. The indiarubber webbing factory of Mr. Turner, at Leicester, has been partially de stroyed by fire. There has also been a serious fire in some warehouses in Aldermausbury, London. The Bev. W. Cuthbertson, late of Sydney, bae become the minister of the Congregational Church at Bishop Stratford. The Daily Sews contradicts—apparently from authority—the report that Sir James Hudson was removed from Turin to make way for Mr. Elliot, and states that his resignation was entirely his own act. The appointment of Sir H. Barkly as Go vernor of Mauritius is gazetted. The intended establishment of the new bishopric of Grafton and Arundel is an nounced. It is stated that, notwithstanding the strong objection of the Low Church party, Bishop Trower's appointment to the See of Gibraltar is completed. Mr. Layard has written to a Glasgow citizen, fay desire of Earl Russell, stating that the Government are doing all they can to put an end to the traffic in natives from the Poly nesian Islands. Prince Alfred has visited the Hon. P. C. de Boubaix, who is on a visit from the Cape to Buckingham Palace, as a mark of his adproba tion of the demonstration made when the Prince visited the colony in 1860. The bodies of several infants have been dis covered in the roof of Wliitechapel Church, London. They are supposed to have been placed there from time to time to evade the payment of burial fees. Tbe wife of the Bev. T. Pottinger, of Bawdon College, has lost her life from a carriage acci dent. Diphtheria has lately carried off several children in England. Three of Curtis and Harvey's powder mills at Hounslow have exploded, one workman being seriously burnt. Incendiary fires in Clonmel and the neigh bourhood hare alarmingly increased. The Sea Fisheries Commission is taking evidence in the North of England. The Gazette announces that the Agents General for the colonies are in future to be designated " Crown Agents for the Colonies." The Globe believes that Sergeant Pigott, M.P. for Beading, will succeed Mr. Baron Wilde in the Judgeship. The Bev. Henry Ward Beecber has returned to England from the Continent. The Borough of Beigate has become incor porated. Alfred Styles, charged with enlisting troops for the Polish national service, has pleaded guilty, but has been discharged on giving recognizances not to repeat the offence. An altercation has taken place at the Central Criminal Court between the Common Serjeant and Mr. Bibbon, a barrister, which led the former to adjourn the Court. The latter gen tleman apologized next day. At Sible Hedrington, Essex, an old man suspected of witchcraft has died from ill treatment, being drowned in the presence of a crowd, none of whom helped him. A foreigner, having obtained possession of stock on a cheque given upon bank houses has raised a loan of £10,000 upon it and decamped, the cheqne not being paid when presented. At Perth, a respectable man, of excellent character, has been tried for tbe murder of his wife and acquitted, the defence being that the injuries from which she died were the result of a fall daring a fit of drunkenness. Tbe popu lace were enthusiastic iu their sympathy with the prisoner. Several small farmers at Leigh, Lancashire, have been amerced in penalties for haymaking on Sunday. As the weather was threatening the convictions are severely censured, and there is to be an appeal to public subscription. The identity of the body found in the empty house at Dudley, with the woman who is sup posed to have murdered the man found in another empty house at Wolverhampton, has been established. A fashionably-dressed young man? has been committed for trial for fraudulently obtaining £300 from a clergyman for the sale of an advoweon not in his possession. A clerk in the City Bank has been drowned in the Thames, lie having left some friends near London^Bridge for the Railway Station towards midnight. He is supposed to have been robbed and maltreated. Some sensation lias been created by the simultaneous hanging of four men at Liver pool for murder; an immense concourse of j people attended. Mr "Woolley, the owner of Cnmpden House, has obtained a verdict against the Sun Fire In surance Company for the full amount of Iub insurance and interest. The result was expected from the commencement of the trial, and the insurance offices concerned are severely blamed by the press for resisting the claim, and charging Mr. VYoolley with arson on such slender grounds. | Mrs. Engelheart, of Eltham, a lady charged with gross cruelty to her child, who died, has I been convicted, and sentenced to 18 months' imprisoment. A father, who is described as doting on bis children, has murdered two of them, at West Bronwick—it is supposed in a moment of madness. A clerk in the Old Bank, Hereford, who robbed the Bank three years ago and sconded, has been apprehended. A policeman at Bury is charged with mur dering his wife. \- A further portion of the Population Tables of 1861 has been published. It contains the statistics of age, occupation, marriage, and •elibaey. The resolutions of the Roman Catholic pre lates at their recent meeting have been pub' lislied. They include a condemnation of the Irish national education system, and suggest measures for supplying its placewilh one more acceptable to the Catholic body. Coirespondence respecting the Brompton Oratory case continues to be published. Messrs. Dircks and Pepper hare obtained a patent for their ghost machinery, in opposition to rival spectre manufacturers. The Revising Barristers are holding their Courts. The prospectof a general election has increased the number of claims and objections. The Cotton Supply Association have received samples from the Governor of Western Aus tralia and from Natal. The reports from other places are most satisfactory. The contract for the new India and Foreign Office has been signed. The tender was for £195,573. The Committee of the Ladies' Sanitary Association have issued an address on the subject of over-work in millinery establish ments. The distress in Lancashire is again on the decline, and the winter is looked forward to more hopefully, though fears for the health of the population prevail. • No. 1 Company of the Robin Hood Rifles, who have accepted the challenge of Captain Macfarlanc to shoot against the Milang ride men, have had their shooting at the Sudbury Ride Range, Derbyshire. Their total scores at the various ranges amounted to 1,155. The All-England Eleven have, prior to their departure for Australia, played a match with 22 of York and district, the former winning by 83 runs. With some exceptions, their play was not of a high order. 