THE WEEK. The attitude of the ex-premier upon the announce .merit in the Legislative Assembly; of the persoimel of the new Ministry was as undignified as it will be self-damaging. Following the usual practice, a list of the members composing the Cabinet, whose fier-' vices his Excellency had accepted, was entrusted to an honorable member that he might communicate ' such to' the House. The1 process was essentially iormai, as me u-azeite naa already made public tneir. acceptance of office. Their seats were vacant, and ?„ it was not incumbent upon them to make any an nouncement of their policy ,- indirectly or through .third parties. Such a course would be ob viously absurd, as an avowal might form '.the. ground, of a. want of confidence motion , during their absence, in the debate upon , . which they could; neither defend themselves nor ; ; vote. The responsibility of Ministers when they ac cept office is primarily to their constituents and sub sequently to Parliament. There was no special call ? ? ? . upon them there, to announce their intentions with regard to the biUs in various stages whioh were the , -unwelcome legacies oftheir predecessors. It was, therefore, indecent in the last degree for Mr O'Shanassy to endeavor to foree from them an ; avowal of their intention. It was as unconstitu tional as it \yas; discourteous. . The i. demonstration .wasrieither more nor less than an attempt to usurp for Parliament the functions of the electors of the Ministerial constituencies. When these i. ' have definitely spoken by their votes, it will be time enough for the hon. member for Kilmore to lead the jassault,upon the fortress which he surrendered at ' discretion, and without a blow in its defence. He felt his weakness, and at once hauled down his .. ...colors. v- Now,- by a strategetio movement, he aims at re-possession. That some of the Liberal mem 1 bers should have in any degree abetted Mr O'Shan assy . in his. Jesuitical attempt is to be regretted. At the same time there is for them an excuse which ; does not exist for him. They had some show of ? right upon' their side. As political allies; from whom support of the new Cabinet was to be expec ? ted, they had a right to. expect information which .... Mr O'Shanassy could -lay no claim to. Whether they were not somewhat hasty is questionable; They had; side by side with some of the new Ministers, fought against those provisions of the ? ? ? Electoral'and Distriot Councils Bills, which tended to give property undue weight as against intelli ; gence, and to restrict and limit the elective power of ? r the many. As transpired, through the viceregal assent being given to it whilst the debate was in , progress, the Eleotoral Bill had reached a stage 1 which rendered it impossible for his Excellency's ? new advisers to stifle it. They had but one course open to them, namely,'. to permit its becoming law, and immediately set about amending its most ob jectionable . clauses. Already we have promise of .this. Mr M'Cullooh announces in his address to the electors of Mornington that the Ministry hava discovered that ' clauses have been inserted which destroy the secresy of the ballot,' and an amend ment of this evil principle willbethe subject of a bill to be submitted to Parliament upon its reassembling after the Ministerial elections. The appearance of the Legislative Chamber, on Tuesday evening last, was singular in the extreme. The late turn in the political kaleidoscope had so disarranged the usual distinctions of party, that men of the most opposite views found themselves, to their mutual amazemont, sitting . amicably (for the ? nonce) cheek by jowl. A large number ; of the late Opposition had:not, as yet, changed their seats, awaiting a definite declaration of the policy of the new Ministry. , This they announced, accompanied by an avowal of their intention of crossing the floor when the Ministerial benohes were oeoupied by his . Excellency's present advisers. The efteot, ad in ' ?ieritri, was amusing enough. Messrs Loader, ABpiri all, Cathie, Mackay,' Macadam, O'Connor, and other rats from the liberal pai'ty, found themselves again' , in company with their former companions in arms, and that, too, without deserting ? their latest allies. ' The most edifying speeches were deoidodly those of 'Messrs AspinoU and Maoadara, upon political con sistency,! These gentlemen ought to be excellent authorities upon such a point, for, like the advocate . of the policy of honesty, who confidently recom mended it — they have tried both. Upon the samo evening, Mr Ireland, being twitted with having for merly been accused of making faces at his late legal colleague, as an illustration of extraordinary coali tions, accounted for his mobility of feature upon the occasion referred to \\-y otating that at the time he was suffering from on iittaok of neuralgia. Like Benedick, he had 'got the tooth-aohe,' and couldn't resist an occasional grimace. It is understood that the hon. Captain Maeinahon has joined the new j Administration as Postmaster- ( General, TUo boa, William Nioho^oa fep^ avowed his intention of, giving his general support to the M'Cullooh Cabinet. His resignation of his seat in the O'Shanassy Cabinet he is said to have tendered some months back. From abroad we have some stirring items of in telligence. A desperate battle was fought before Fredericksburg on the 2nd of May. Forty thou sand Confederate troops attacked the advanced lines of the Federal army. Next day the entire strength of both armies was brought to bear, and a frightful carnage ensued. The fight lasted three days. The Federal brigades lost 15,000 men, and the Con federates acknowledge a Ip3s of 18,000. By a skil ful piece of military strategy, General Hooker was enabled subsequently to oecupy Fredericks burg. The dashing Stonewall Jackson was wounded in the arm— subsequently amputated. The Confederates lost a large quantity of provisions and utorea. The wounded were left SIR CHARLES D A n T, T N a. FBOUi LITHOGEAPH IN THE POBBESBION Off SEtt DOMINIC DALY, GOVERNOR 07 SOUTH AUSTRALIA. [See page 11. on the field of battle without food. At Port Gibson the Confederates had suffered reverses. The war is degenerating into a work of absolute extermina tion. It is well to remember that the present intel ligence comes by way of San Francisco, and that what are Federal viotories received through the Califarnyui medium change their aspect materially when the news cornea to hand via Great Britain. With more confidence we would be disposed to accept the intelligence that Adams had rendered full explanations with regard to the Peterhoff affair. These had in turn offended Louis Napoleon, who had instructed the French Minister to de mand explanations on the park of France. Turning the globe round, in another quarter of tho world wo find fresh troubles arising. A rebellion has broken out in Madagascar. King Radoma, seventeen officers of State, and the. American consul were killed. The Frenoh and English consuls were obliged to fly from Antananarivo, tho capital. The late king was a Eealous Christian, and of estimable character. The immediate cause of this outbreak amongst the Hovas '8 80& stated. The .etuttQ vessel which,, brings, tWe news from Mauritius has Parisian dates to 4th May. The remonstrance addressed by. the three great Powers to the Russian Court with respect to the Polish question was met by a reply that the St. Petersburg Cabinet considered it as one admitting of ? possible' negotiation — a response so eminently diplomatic as to convey but little intelligence to the uninitiated. Its tenor, however, betrays no resent ment at foreign intervention. Of Mexican affairs we learn that the forts . of Puebla are mounted with 180 rifled cannon, and defended by 30,000' men. This from the Marseilles journals of 29th April. By the Dashing Wave, from San Francisco, we hear later that 'the French are unable to take Puebla, and that the besieging army is suffering frightfully. The present week has not been uneventful . in the receipt ef foreign intelli gence. Public attention has been directed to the extor tionate price charged for gas in and about Mel bourne. Sixteen shillings per thousand feet is the rate for that which our friends in tho old country pay from four and sixpence to six shillings. There is, however, another standard of comparison to which less objeotion con be taken. A few years since the price in Melbourne was 17s 6d, with only one gas company in the field. This was felt to be a grievous tax upon large consumers, such as shop keepers, to whom gas is almost a business necessity. At length a now company was projected. The Collingwood . Company based its claims to public support on tho then current high price of gas. The projeotor had a severe struggle before a Parliamentary Committee, but, clinging to his text of cheap gas, sucoeeded in obtaining the favorable recommendation of that committee, and subse quently an Act of Parliament conferring the re quired powers. The pavements of the city were ruthlessly to.rn up and never properly relaid, as tho broken flag stones along the line of the Collingwood company's pipes attest to this day. Tho interrup tion, to tvafflo and tho iacoaveme»ce to householder was, however, overlooked in the blissful anticipation of cheap light. For this hope there were sub stantial grounds, as the chairman of the new company had been very explicit in . his pro mises to the Parliamentary Committee. Hia ipsis&vma; verba were, ' We mean to supply at 12s, and pay a good dividend.' For a brief period the companies did charge only 12s 6d: but as it grew rich, til© Collingwood Company became, like some of our politicians, highly conservative, and kicked over tho ladder by which it had attained its position. The two companies enteredjinto an aljiance, defensive' as regards themselves, but to the public highly offen sive. They bound themselves mutually to raiae tho price to 16s per thousand— the one company not to reduce without the consent of tho other. This pleasant undefsSinding has been in force for some time, to the extreme sa tisfaction of the directors and shareholders of both companies, but to the serious disadvantage and detriment of the consuming public. The question arises — is it not possible by combined resiijtaticQ on the part of consumers to break down a monopoly which is manifestly unjust? That the companies should moke a fair profit no one will deny ; but that they should wilfully ignore the pledges they gave in consideration of the privileges conceded them by the representatives of the public is intolerable. A con tinuance of the present famine price of gas may in duce genuine competition, , ?'-..'. The epidemic : ruffianism of New South Wales is spreading. Already Victoria is showing symptoms of infection. The journals overflow with the records of crime of the most desperate description. Hitherto we have looked,on embezzlement as the outrage upon morality which had laid strongest hold upon our people. Of late, however, we have been emulating the bushranging prowess of our northern neighbors, and it will go hard but we will better the example. A more cold-blooded or eowardly attempt at murder than occurred in broad daylight, upon the highway between Fryer's Creek and Elphinstbne, on Monday last,: we have seldom been called upon to record. A youth of seventeen travelling the road is ac costed by two men, one of them, wearing a orap- mask. The ruffians take him into the bush and rob him of the few shillings he possessed, his blankets, and some trifling articles of provisions. Having accomplished the robbery, one of these human fiends deliberately levelled a revolver at the head of his victim, at the time standing a fewyarda from him. The ball missed its proposed destina tion, but struck him in the hand, smashing it in 'a manner described as fearful. Another shot waa fired, and the would-be murderers decamped, be lieving their victim dead. After lying insensible for a prolonged period (how long he has no concep tion), the unfortunate youth was found by some woodcutters the following morning wandering on the dividing range between Sawpit Gully and Fryer's Creek. These good Samaritans carried him on a sheet of bark to the'Castlemaine Hospital. Amputation of a finger and a portion of hk shat tered palm was performed, and there are hopes of his ultimate recovery. The ruffians who committed this desperate outrage are still at large. The poliaa ore on the look-out for them, and we hope soon to have the pleasure of chronicling their capture and punishment. They must not escape. The people of Victoria would not quietly submit— as those of New South Wales seem to do— to weak official effort to resent crime of thiB defiant and reckless descrip tion. Fortunately the miscreants can be identified, The maltreatment of a child named M'Nulty, by a monitor of St. Francis' sohool, was the subject of an investigation in the City Police Court .this week. After being beaten about the head with a cone, the poor child was thrust into a chimBey.'tha fireplace being closed up, with boards,' so as to con fine him and exclude the light. Being of a ner ivmu uvw^uioiuduv, uuuvuiBiuun ouperveneu, '--unci the child's life was endangered. The medical evidence went to show that he might become p'er« manently subject to epileptic fits. The bench do cided that the maltreatment vras without malice, but mulcted the defendant, one Corbett, in £15 damages, and £3 3s costs. We had thought cruel ties of the Squeers typo were for ever exploded. The plaoing in juxtaposition in last week's Leader of two critiques, taken from the columns of tho Herald, upon the same dramatic performance ? each being diametrically opposite in its opinions to tho other — has had an extinguiahing effect. Tho dramatic censor of our contemporary has put up hia shutters, and there are no outward signs of hiu vitality. 'Hamlet' has been performed at tho Theatre Royal to overflowing houses during the week commencing on Saturday last. The Bourke street journal has taken refuge in a profound silonco, being unable to find fault and unwilling to bestow praise. The ghosts of former critiques rose up in judgment against any attempt to decry tho j-rin,oinal |-G£» forme?! . - ' 