CKXXBBASXOR or TBS AXNIYXB ABT CT Tax-FOBS TJOH or TBS TOLTJBIEKB Fosos -Oo Saturday ? gt« display took pl'.ee, on tbe ocoaaion of tba third ani .errar? of (he Volunteer Foree in. New South Wa'i Although it was tbeuaual parade day of tba eommandii officer, yet more than usual vcfaf wes given to tl i flair from the elroumstanee of (be event we allude I and all oonoerned, we muat say, wont through theda] «voir tiona with a degree of spirit that refloated tl greata.t credit upon the the Volunteer toroa of- lt colony., Tbe whole of Volunteer foroas asaembled tbs Hyde Park Barracks, at half-past three o'clock a« ?waited lome time before Colonel Ham Hon strived, wbe tbey were formed into a_bollow square. Colonel Ham! ton then direoted Captain Laver to read che proceed (nj of a court of inquiry on aergeaot M'Cres. of. tba Paddioj, ton Company, and after commenting upon tba oondut of Ibat effendirfor not »ppearin« on parade, allhoug officially warned to da so by Adjutant Baynes; the fore tben wheeled bark into oolnmn and i rooasded in th fallowing ord«r along Boomerang-Mreer, Wiliiam-atree .a nd down iheRu8hoatt»ra' Bay Boadtothe scene of aetion Tbe first and second B ? t->i « of Artillery ; the Sydne; »Dif|Suburban B ta'ions of Rifles, Dam>ering|in all abou seven hundred,of all ranks , Each o rps was headed I; ita own bind. On arrival at'thls place two guns were sen np be bill towards Bleak House, the residence of Mi fairfax, with a Saburban Battalion, under toe oommani ot Captain Laver, (where they met a portion of the 13ll rBeglmen', tn take np a position, and defend it agalos the attaok of two other guns with the Sydney Battalion Tbe Sydney Battalion formed into skirmishing order, ant proc eded up the hill, where the enemy were in stronj rosition, but wera soon driven baok on tbe approaab ol the Sydney Battalion,, who when tbey reaohed tba tor. .of Ibe bi.I were reinforced, and the whole proceeded in a general line, keeping up a brisk firs until they had -descended the bill on the oppoalte side, where they found the enemy bad taken up their seoond position, near the road. The Sydney Battalion here fo med line and one 'company was tent out to dislodge a portion of the enemy from a ve-y strong position. The remainder of tbe -Sydney B,tt,lion kept up a succession of volley firing until the enemy were obliged te retire and make tor the top of the bill in tbeii rear, wbiob they again beld for some time, olosely pressed by the Sydney Battalion. At 'list they were obliged to retire; a good constant fi-e being kept up on both, sides nntil they arrived at tba baok o'f Paddington, where the guns were again brought in poiitiôn and commenced firing. Tbe night began to draw CD, and'the ammunition waB nearly all ixpenlea. Tba bugles then sounded the assembly,, end the whole body were brought together, when Colonel Hamilton; with trie ?Sidney.Battalion,formed a square and addressed the Volunteers, staling that he was very mach pleas d with their oonduol. T ie Colonel was loudly cheered by the .Vo'unterr), and the whole marched home to tbeir private pattie ground, arriving at Hyde. Park about half-past se.en The Suburban Battalion wasoommanded by Cap- tain Liver; tba Sydney Battalion under Captain Still, ms).ted byAdjn'ant B.ynes; tbe Artillery under tbe .command of. Captain Shepherd, assisted by Adjutant Hallstt, B.A. Colonel Hamilton was in command of the whole foroe. TBK OPEBA -IAST Niaiir OF XBB HUOUENOIS. .AI i considerable numcer ol the atlendanti on the opt-n noose lost the stveral ooportnoltieB wbieb have beet afforded thom of seeing,".Tue: Huguenots," Mr. Xyster In his desire to grstify those patrons, hal consented foi the last time to repeat the representen tc- nlght. Inde yendontty of the grandeur cf -the i music-. which distin gulabes. thia opera, tba costliness and magnificence o the decorations, the splendour of the varions suenes, ant the snmptnotis manner in which the whole bas been gol .np, will form a memorable epoch .in the annale of tbi irria drams in thia colony. ? <, ; - TBS. GBO T.-Fir some daya past propriety bau beer ?startled by the announcement ! that '"the Ghost" wai expeotedj-and expatiating on lté-moite aa "an bini al ghost."' At length tbo ghost bas arrived,, by steamet from Melbourne, to .'which it only seems te'have im. .pitted despatob. .The new arrival ie,'however, by nc means visionary,-but earthly, substantial, and rotund Ot form, i With ita Hadeiao oognomen we shall doubt. less coon be: made acquainted,-in propria periona, however; it la , a Ur, Pitt, who . calls spirits from tbe vasty deep after tbe meaner of Professor Pepper. The latter gentleman is attracting erowda nightly to the Polyleobnis Institution, Lot.din, where he ls reading Dickens's "Haunted Man," with ghostly accompaniments, 'The " patent ghost'?has likewise been introduced wiib) immense sucaess at one of the theatres, and is now trans, ferrad by the patentee tpnr Mr. Pitt,) to transpontine Australia. It may be as well to elate that tba vision is a peifeot optical delusion,-very 'oleverly contrived, and produoad by meebanioal and obemloal agonoy. It ia so . natural, as only to be effective in a pieoa where a speotre io att.okod or loterlered with ; if it merely appeared on tbe atage,- it would' be taken merely for the rpai ».?-" Whom it ia in ended to represent >«' "ul a shadow, A recent, number of .'. Once a-Week'.'gives an/'.a.oiasing Sketoh. pf the new discovery (whlob miy account for many of the absurdities of Borne, Forster, and Others), from which we extract, the following :-" Then slow ly. th» wnlte robeB parted,'the gleaming veil was Uttoa from tbe head. The folded arms dang baok (heir «overing, and stretched themselves as though: to fold me in their grasp. And it stood confessed. A skeleton I Were none of us startled then t Did no one in that, throng, 'but .now -.so .jiyous,. thrill with unalterable horrors, .now * Ope, at., least . retained. bia courage. Grasping the fi at weapon that same tb hand, ho rushed forward and aimed a fearful blow-at-tba spectre. The blow fell barmlass.on tl e empty, air. : Again he Btruob ;' this time .with slower, and aurt r sim, and again' the heavy weapon passed harmlessly, through (be terrible figure. He ru-bed recklessly forward,, and strove lo grasp tbs speotre.with bis hands 1, He passed again and again-over the very .spot where the apparition still, waved in triumph its bony arms, and grinned horribly with itsflesbleFs lips.. It WOB nothlDg-» vision-."»jalrable -as the air /rota which it grew; ,:. iThe earth hath bubbles al the water bath, ' . , And this ls .of thom. It waa.gone I-'Bat ,it bad been ,then». .1 saw lt myself. We all eaw it. Here, in this very : London, in wbiob;I Write. Here, at the polyteobpir." After describing the effeot produced by the ghost in ' The Haanted Man," and in , a drama at tbe Britannia, tbe writer resumes : ..«'As aVoptioal delusion, tba 'Spoolr.' ii perfect,, and more than, deserves the enormous , suooiss it has ob- tained., frothing can ba moro horribly ietl, and at tbe Bama time moro horribly unreal, than Ibis 'patent' appari- tion when .properly managed. Nothing oan be more ingenious, than the opt io >l arrangements by wbioh this singular, delusion 1B eff .cted, and which Professor .Pepper bas Kindly permitted me thoroughly to examine. ! Some day, with bis" permission, I may explain to my readers tbe whole apparatus, with diagram] to illustrate its working*. (The ? Ghost Illusion' was invented, by, Mr.H Dlroka,CE., and,, baa 'since been, improved and patented, by ' Messrs. .DirohB, and Pepper.)''. .The. ...QhosV'' will, ,'i'o, a. tew .days, paoe tho.boatdB oí tba Victoria'jTheatriä'. ;,' t '. ; : : H .. ;. . ; , DEATH BY'.CHOKING-INQUEST.-Oo Saturday last an inquest wes held at St. gatriok's Inn, tonohlog the death of MsiyTtyan.an elderly woman, who .died; by. choking 00 tho privions day. The coroner and jury having viewed .tba body, --the, first nwitness> called Wa*' JTalia Blewitt who being aworn deposed : J am. tha r wife of William,Blawitt; lebldirg et, Queanbeyan; I was ac. .quíintéd ' .¡with the . deceased, . Mary i Ryan; aha Waa!.,'the,.'fife , pf ; John Ryan, farmer, ; re tiling at; G*rryow¡jn,'¡ near ,Q teandeyan ; abe esme, to ray hou'ss'a littíatíeforo noan ysBterdiy;: ehe came by herse1!) 'b,eri daughter, ,Mr* ¡Wall, oame in shortly after- wards t,o;take ber^bome ; Mrs. ; Wall remained until: about bsjf-paa^ one, and then left | Mrs. Byan.did not go With he't' ; Bh'e,(Sits.' Byan) said, that as she bsd too muon drink Bbs would Ile down and bave a sleep; she laid her head nn'(he'sofa for about a couple of minutes; when she canje tn first she. had some tea; after she raiBed bet he«d, I jwa» t iking some miat out of ;the pot, and aha asked ma for aomr¡ I gave her a pieoe, and abe said abe could not eat II, but sold there was. a pispe jon the ; table In the dish whioh'abe would like'; I brought) tbe,dish, to bsr, and!she took.a piece out of tba' dish.;: she Bild sba did not tbfnfc site' could/ eat it; I turned; away: .my bead, and did not' tee her eat any of the; meat. .:Wb»o 1 turned round she appeared to be sick,' but ooold not ; .she wa* retching. I observed her getting bia ak in «be face. It was a few minutes before I could get anyone to go for assistance; I think aha waa dea'i lu aboat tan minutes or quitter of an bonr from tbe time she became black io the faoa. The woros, "I do not' think I eau eat it aller I have got it,", were the list words the spoke. I sent for Dr. Morton ind for her daughter; I do not think abe was long dead when Dr, Morton came. She did not struggle or move any after she sank down; but only shook her hesd a little. Mary Ann Büsten, being sworn, deponed : I am residing at Mr. Qala'a, of the ?Colden Age office. About eleven c'olook yesterday fore- noon the deeeaaed (Urs. Byan) earns to Mr. Cale's bonsB ; Bbs wiBbed to ooma in; Mr. Gale told her she Wis not capable of doing what she oame for, vis. tn wash ?nd dress the baby, who was four days old ; she was very tipsy, and holding on by tbs fence , she lay down lt tbe OÍD e door. Mr. Gilo sent for her dlngbter o tike her sway ; abe bid left before ber daugnter oame. I tm sure abe was very tipsy. I did no", sol her walk awiy. Oo the heating of this evidence tbe juiy returned a verdict that deceased came by her death by being seo!, dentally choked by a piece of meat atioklng in tier gullet, wbloh plooo of -neat Bhe waa endeavouring to swallow. Golden Age, AugttBta7ih, 