QUEENSLAND. [From our own Correspondent.] July 4. As I have just returned to Brisbane in time to catch the first out-going steamer to Sydney under the new arrangement of the A. S. N. Co, I haste to extend my notes on a few pass- ing events. And, first, I may as well refer to what has most occupied my attention lately, the progress and extension of the agricultural interest in the metropolitan county of East Moreton. In all my experience of colonial farming life I never saw such satisfied well-to- do people as the farmers of Queensland. From the humblest to the largest proprietors of the soil, they come under this denomination. Those who grow only maize and potatoes prosper; equal to their expectations, and make a good living ; and those who grow various crops of garden produce and watch the market, do much better. Spite of the dry winter and autumn seasons last year, and the untimely rains this year, the majority have been enabled to secure within one twelve months, one good crop, which will more than cover their expenses, With ordinary seasons two crops in the year are secured. Where there was one farmer twelve months ago, there will be three this time six months. The quantity of new land taken up and cleared for cultivation is something enormous. And the manner in which, the new hands go to work is most cheering, for they can work at this time of the year without detriment. The work in summer time should be done by blackfellows only ! I find, however, that I have not time to give anything like a complete narration at present ; and I shall withhold further observa- tions on this subject for a future communica= tion. In the meantime I shall probably be able to add to my stock of knowledge, for I intend to continue my "constitutional" trips to the bush. The election for the Western Downs has resulted in the return of the two old members for that constituency, the Hon. T. De Lacy Moffatt, Colonial Treasurer, and Mr James Taylor. At first there were five candidates in the field, but two of them withdrew, leaving Mr T. C. White to do battle on behalf of the oppo sition. The signal defeat of the last named gentleman is no doubt a hard matter for his vanity to bear, for to ruy knowledge he has meditated a great electioneering success in this district for the past twelve months. It is rumored in town to-day that the election for Maranoa district ha3 resulted in the return of Mr Kennedy, and that the old member—Mr Feirett—a thick-and-lUin supporter of the ministry, is defeated. This news wants con firmation. There is but one more eleefciou to / complete the list, namely—that for the L' tril lion! district. Mr Gordon Sandeman, at one time a member of the Mew South Wales Legis lature, and Mr Boyd, one of the late representa tives of the district in our own Assembly, are regarded as the " coming men- " Your old townsman and councillor, Mr Christopher Porter, to-day sustained a great defeat in the Supreme Court. Sometime ago he was dismissed from the office of City Sur- veyor, not because of incompetence or miscon- duct, but because the Municipal Council is hard-up, and a majority of the aldermen de- sired to victimise their servant. Not consider- ing a month's notice sufficient to disconnect him from an office worth L350 a year, he (under the advice of Mr E. Doyle, solicitor, also late of Geelong) forthwith instituted action against the Corporation. The case was tried before the Chief Justice, and a jury awarded the plaintiff damages L350. Next the Corporation moved for a rule nisi for a nonsuit and a new trial. After due argument the full court, to-day, made the rule absolute for a non- suit, and Mr Porter loses the damages as well as his billet, and has to pay all the costs of the action, amounting to something over L200. It is a severe reverse, and I am sure Mr Porter's friends will sympathise with him. He was not fairly treated by the Brisbane Council. A society has just been established for secur ; ing the registration as voters of all persons ! entitled to the franchise. It is a move in the i right direction. The electois are quite justified j j in making use of all means to secure their privi- | ileges; and it is satisfactory that they are wil- | i ling to make an effort themselves rather than to (what ha3 been bo often done in Ttctoria) | call on the Government to do it. The law* of ; the colouy called upon every man to-register himself. Government incurs and Parliament sanctions no expense beyond the printing of the j electoral rolls. An emigrant ship, the Beejapore, has arrived at Rockhampton, amongst whose passengers there was as much sickness as on board the Hannah More, referred to in my last communi-| cation. About thirty-five deaths occurred on board each ship. There were other disorders in the Beejapore which will lead to an official in- quiry. The immigrants, numbering above 700, were crowded togethrr in the most miscella- neous manner in a ship inadequately equipped and provisioned. The sickness and deaths are attributed to the overcrowding. The ship had not long anchored when fracas took place on board through the fourth mate's liking for promenadiug the deck with a female passenger. The fellow was in- subordinate to the captain, and was backed up by the crew, seven-and-twenty of the refractory fellows were put in irons, and taken ashore be- fore the local Police Magistrate, who sentenced them to three months imprisonment each. As there is no lock-up of sufficient capacity in the north, the batch had to be forwarded by steamer to the Brisbane Jail, where they are now con- fined. The! Cairngorm, immigrant ship, 'arrived at Brisbane during the week, with over 300 souls on board. The people were all brought up to town to-day; amongst them ore about 150 distressed Scotch operatives from Greenock, [ who have been brought out through the instru mentality of the Queensland Caledonian Society. The members of the society gave a concert last evening, in the School of Arts, in aid of the" new comers, and the entertainment was most liberally patrouised. The Germans of the colony are uniting for the purpose of securing, by naturalisation, the privileges of citizensj and elector?. Their pro ceedings are marked by intelligence good sense. .V". The Treasurer's statement of the consolidated revenue for the quarter ending June 30, has been published. The revenue from all sources was L62,759 5s Sd, being an increase on the corresponding quarter, of 1S62 ofL8821 17s 9'1. The increase or decrease under the respecdve heads is as follows;—Customs,increasp, 1.7S29, or 25 per cent; Land Revenue, increase; L1619; orlO ppr cent; Postage, decrease. L205, or 7 per cent; Licenses, increase, L871, or 18 per cent; Fees of {office, increase, L345, or 24 per cent ; Fines and Forfeiture, increase, 107, or 7 per cent; Rents, exclusive of lands, increase, L9, or 12 per cent; Pilotage, increase, L131, or 29 per cent; Immigration remittances, increase, L295, or 13 per cent;"Electric Telegraph receipts, increase, Ll80,or 15 per cent;-,Mis cellaneous receipts, decrease; L2420, of23 per cent; Special receipts, increase, 34 or 18 pT cent. On the whpie, this is a very satisfactory state of things. I may further mention, in order that the position of the colony may be more accurately understood, that the revenue for the half-year iB as under 1862\. 1863. March quarter.., £55.380 13 *3 £50,954 10 Jane „ - 53,933- 7 II.. ; 62,709;• 3 £109.318 1 2 £113,715 16 3 Decrease in March quarter, £44^4, or .S per cent. Increase in June'quarter, £8821, or 14 per cent. Increase on half year, £4398, or nearly 4 per cent. j If the next Jialf-year's revenue yields an .in crease of about ten per cent upon the corres ponding period of last year, the estimates of the I ex-Treasurer will be realised—about L320,000 J if I recollect rightly. The successful members at Ipswich, "West Moreton, and Toowoomba have been feted at public banquets by their grateful constituents. Three ministers dined in public a few nights ago at Ipswich ; and the '* soft sawder " which they gave the *' west end" citizens has rather offended the amour propre of the Bris baneitea. The Minister for Lands and "Works and the Attorney General said so much upon the proposed railway from Ipswich, that if the I Colonial. Secretary would again offer himself for | the city he would be elected as a set-off to his colleagues. On Mouday night a shipwrecked crew arrived at Lytton in a small vessel of their own con- struction. They numbered in all ten persons, all darkies but one, and had belonged to the schooner Prince of Denmark, which was wrecked off the Chesterfield Group, on the 19th March last. No lives were lost by the disaster, and the crew, under the direction of Mr J. B. 'Bennett, the master, (who was also proprietor of a whaling station on one of the islands), built a large boat from the portions of the wrecked vessel. The name of the boat is not inappropriately " The Hamlet's Ghost." Mr Bennett has complained, and with reason, of the carelessness of the Moreton Bay pilots, who waited till daylight before sending assistance to a shipwrecked crew. 