A NIGHT IN AN OLD IRISH HOUSE. My chamber was upon the third story. It was one of many, opening upon the long gallery, which had been the scene, four generations back, of an unnatural and bloody midnight duel, which had laid one scion of this ancient house in his shroud, and driven another a fugitive to the moral solitudes of a continental banishment. Much of the day had been passed among the grisly records of these old family crimes and hatreds. They had been an ill conditioned and not a happy race. When I heard the servant's step traversing that long gallery, as it seemed to me in haste to be gone, and when all grew quite silent, I began to feel a dismal sort of sensation, and lighted the pair of wax candles which I found upon the small writing table. How wonderful and mysterious is the influence of light! What sort of beings must those be who hate it?. The floor, more than anything else, showed the great age of the room. It was warped and arched all along by the wall between the door and the window. The portion of it which the carpet did not cover showed it to be oak, dark and rugged. My bed was unex- ceptionably comfortable, but, in my then mood, I could have wished it a great deal more modern. Its four posts were, like the rest of it, oak, well-nigh black, fantastically turned and carved, with a great urn-like capital and base, and shaped, midway, like a gigantic lance-handle. Its curtains were of thick and faded tapestry. I was always a lover of such antiquities, but I confess at that moment I would have vastly preferred a sprightly modern chintz and a trumpery little French bed in a corner of the Brandon Arms. There was a great lowering press of oak, and some shelves, with withered green and gold leather borders. All the furniture belonged to other times. I would have been glad to hear a step stirring, or a cough even, or the gabble of servants at a distance. But there was a silence and desertion in this part of the mansion which, somehow, made me feel that I was myself the solitary denizen of this level of the vast old house. I shan't trouble you about my train of thoughts and fancies ; but I began to feel very like a gentleman in a ghost story, watching experimentally in a haunted chamber. My cigar case was a resource. I was not a bit afraid of being found out. I did not even take the precaution of smoking up the chimney. I boldly lighted my cheroot. I peeped through the window curtains: there were no shutters. A cold, bright moon was shining, with clear sharp lights and shadows. Everything looked strangely cold and motionless outside. The sombre old trees, like gigantic hearse plumes, black and awful. The chapel lay full in view, where so many of the strange and equivocal race, under whose ancient roof-tree I then stood, were lying under their tomb-stones. Somehow, I had grown nervous. A little bit of plaster tumbled down the chimney, and startled me confoundedly. Then, some time, after, I fancied I heard a creaking step, on the lobby outside, and, candle in hand, opened the door, and looked out with an odd sort of expectation, and a rather agreeable disappointment, upon vacancy. I was growing most uncomfortably like one of Mrs. Anne Radcliff's heroes—a nervous race of demigods. I walked like a sentinel up and down my chamber, puffing leisurely the solemn incense, and trying to think of the opera and my essay on Paradise Lost," and other pleasant subjects. But it would not do. Every now and then, as I turned towards the door, I fancied I saw it softly close. I can't the least say whether it was altogether fancy. It was with the corner or as the Italians have it, the "tail" of my eye that I saw, or imagined I saw, this trifling but unpleasant movement, Well, I called out once or twice sharply—"Come in;" Who's there?" " Who's that ?" and so forth without any sort of effect, except that unplesant re-action upon the nerves which follows the sound of one's own voice in a solitude of this kind. The fact is I did not myself believe in that stealthy motion of my door, and set it down to one of those illusions which I have sometimes succeeded in analysing, produced by a half-seen combination of objects which rightly placed in the due relations of perspective, have no mutual connexion whatever. So I ceased to challenge the unearthly inquisitor, and allowed him, after a while, serenely enough, to peep as I turned my back, or to withdraw as I made my regular right-about- face. I had now got half way in my second cheroot, and the clock clanged "one." It was a very still night, and the prolonged boom vibrated strangely in my excited ears and brain. I had never been quite such an ass before; but I do assure you I was now in an extremely unpleasant state. One o'clock was better, however, than twelve. Although, by Jove! the bell was beating "one," as I remember, precisely as that king of ghosts, old Hamlet, revisited the glimpses of the moon, upon the famous platform of Elsinore. I had pondered too long over the lore of this satanic family, and drunk very strong tea, I suppose. I could not get my nerves into a comfortable state, and cheerful thoughts refused to inhabit the darkened chamber of my brain. As I stood in a sort of reverie, looking straight upon the door. I saw—and this time there could be no mistake whatsoever—the handle—the only modern thing about if—slowly turned, and the door itself as slowly pushed open. I do not know what exclamation I made. The door was shut instantly, and I found myself standing at it, and looking out upon the lobby, with a candle in my hand, and actually freezing with foolish horror. I was looking towards the stairhead. The passage was empty, and ended in utter darkness. I glanced the other way, and thought I saw—in the distance a white figure, not gliding in the conventional way, but limping away, with a sort of jerky motion, and in a second or two, quite lost in darkness. I got into my room again, and shut the door with a clap that sounded loudly and unnaturally through the dismal quiet that surrounded me, and stood with my hand on the handle, with the instinct of resistance. I felt uncomfortable ; and I would have secured the door, but there was no sort of fastening within ;—so I paused. I did not mind looking out again. To tell you the plain truth, I was just a little bit afraid. Then I grew angry at having been put into such remote, and, possibly, suspected quarters and then my comfortable scepticism supervened. I was yet to learn a great deal about this visitation. So, in due course having smoked my cheroot, I jerked the stump into the fire. Of course I could not think of depriving myself of candle light; and so, being already of a thoughtful, old-bachelor temperament and averse from burning houses I placed one of my tall wax-lights in a basin on the table by my bed,—in which I soon affected a lodgement, and lay with a comparative sense of security. Then I heard two o'clock strike; but shortly after, as I suppose, sleep overtook me and I have no distinct idea for how long my slumber lasted. The fire was very low when I awoke, and saw a figure —and a very odd one—seated by the embers, and stooping over the grate, with a pair of long hands expanded, as it seemed, to catch the warmth of the sinking fire. It was that of an old man, entirely dressed in white flannel;— a very long spencer, and some sort of white swathing about his head. His back was towards me ; and he stooped without the slightest motion over the fire-place, in the attitude I have described. As I looked, he suddenly turned towards me, and fixed upon me a cold, and as it seemed, a wrathful gaze, over his shoulder. It was a bleached and long chinned face—the countenance of Lorne's portrait— only more faded, sinister, and apathetic. And having, as it were, secured its awful command over me by a protracted gaze he rose, supernaturally lean and tall, and drew near the side of my bed. I continued to stare upon this apparition with the most dreadful fascination I ever experienced in my life. For two or three seconds I literally could not move. When I did, I am not ashamed to confess, it was to plunge my head under the bed-clothes, with the childish instinct of terror; and there I lay breathless, for what seemed to me not far from ten minutes, during which there was no sound, nor other symptom of its presence. I can never, to my dying day, remember what I that night underwent, without recalling sensations of, horror such as I am utterly unable to describe. On a sudden the bedclothes, were gently lifted at my feet, and I sprang backwards, sitting upright against the back of the bed, and once more under the eye of that long-chinned old man. Vox faucibus hœsit is easily said, but few have experienced the meaning of the words, as I have. A voice, as peculiar as the appearance of the figure said ;— " You are in my bed. I died in it many years ago. I am Uncle Lorne, and when I am not here, a devil goes up and down in the room. See! he had his face to your ear when I came from Dorcas Brandon's bed-chamber door, where her evil angel told me a thing:—and, Harry Wylder must not seek to marry her, for he will be buried alive if he does, and he will, may be never get up again. Say your prayers when I go out, and come here no more." He paused, as if these incredible words were to sink into my memory; and then, in the same tone, and with the same countenance, he asked— " Is the blood on my forehead?" I don't know whether I answered. " So soon as any evil is within twelve hours, the blood comes over my forehead, as they found me in the morning—it is a sign always." The old man then drew back slowly, and disappeared behind the curtains at the foot of the bed, and I saw no more of him during the rest of that odious night. So long as this apparation remained before me, I never doubted its being supernatural. I don't think mortal ever suffered horror more intense. My very hair was dripping with a cold moisture. For some seconds I hardly knew where I was. But soon a reaction came, and I felt convinced that the apparition was a living man. It was no process of reason or philosophy, but simply I become persuaded of it, and some- thing like rage overcame my terrors.—Dublin University Magazine. 