F7l) iose'bho have had a bad .crushig, those who cannot.get.a orushing, those who have been puddling unpayable stuff, those whoahave been sinking-.shicers,- and :those -wlidI business will not permit themi to laugh without a cause: \- --- -- pWhy is.a fowl's neck like abell? "WlieiAit s wrung for dinner. 5Why-is the sun like a good loaf ?-Be capq⁢'s ,ight when it rises. Why is a windy orator like a whale ? B1iuse :lie often rises to spout. 'Wi is biri a greedy creature? Because it never eats less than ajieck. When is alady like a trout?-When she takes arfly-that brings her to the bank... SWhy is a.hog the most extraordinary anialiCin 'creation?-Because you first kill-him-and afterwards cure him. T 'Coie,:sheer off," as the ram said to the man who was cutting off his his wool. There is. no doubt that the noisest and nost troublesome animal in Noah's -ark was Mis Sham's baby. Life: is full of. contradictions; 'but woman.takes very .good care that we shall neverhear the last of it. A person who is determined to look at everythingin a sensational point of view, maiyget a melodrama but of a niuffin. Tlii'-"Dew-dropl Imn" (do drop in) is is the title, of one of the New Orleans hotels: ': . No compassion is felt for the author who-denies sleep to himself to give it to hila4der3.T;s; :. , The task beforeyju_ may be difficult. What if it is ? It is then the more worthy of performikce. 1- . Fanny say's:-MRen do two-thirds ofthe sinmngin the'world and make women do Sthe other third. Those wh-o walk most are generally the healthiest; the road of perfect health is too narrow for wheels. . erewy Taylor says. it " takes a' wide garment to cover some people's sins." Old Bob Taylor'says, perhaps then some of his female fiiends should still further widen tlide crinolines.. -A slandering bachelor.says it is "much joy" when you first get married, but it -is-mori jaw" aftei the lapse of a year or so.i .. Wanted to know:-If a man who did ;not know..hat to.do ever got. a job? andlfa :biald-bhiided niah can: be said to be hairWrained? He who thinks he can do without others s"fgreatly mistaken; anid he whio i"tiiiks others capnot do without hiii is stil niore grievously in error. \- It is an observation of Calvin's that 66those nmen who stfiud so strictly for the -'--"ibolift'ot' tle sabbath,: did,' by gross and carnal Sabbatisation, thiice outgo the Ssuperstition of the Jews. '" "Doctor what will cure a man who has ibeen hanzed ?" said a girl to a young L'medico by way of banter. "Salt is the -best thing.Iknow of," replied Hippocrates, -junior, with great solemnity. A i French gentleman, who had heard fam called spirits, went into one of our hotels.a few evenings since, and called for.a glass of punch, requesting at the same time that it should be made with " qhosts from the Vest Indies." . ' When did you ever see a living thief -without- a body?" said a servant who 'ivished to persuade his master that some roguery had been committed by a ghost. " When I saw you looking over the win dow," said:his master. 'I cannot conceive, my dear, what's the c'nittefbwith my watch; I think it.must :'iant: cleaning," exclaimed an indulgent 'lihusbaid to his better half, the otherl ay. -i-Mopa," said his petted daughter, "I know it- don't want cleaning, because baby nnd' l-ashed it ini the basin ever so long this morning." It is not generally known that the great . Peel ever condescended to be jocular; n"evertieless, he enjoyed, a joke sometimes S-as 'for example, when his brother-in-law, ? .Mr.'Dawson, came hack unsuccessfil from I Devenport, Sir Robert said, " well, George. .I see you are come back, but not returned." \- THE BEST LADIES' COMPANION TO TE-BABALL RooM--A gentleman.-Fun. LATEST INTEL?IQENCE FRaoI THE f.Mboir.-'fhe man is rather sick! From " the ',f Ivror Noose. \--A--A-F In CHALLENGE.-A publisher sdys he will believe in the theory of spirit .neliam, if the dead author of an unfinished "story'on his hands will dictate the rest of the cbpy by spiritial telegraph. Ei.PERIENCE TEACnEns.- Muggings -saysthat rogues ought to be well paid, it gives a fellow so much trouble. ie once cheated a man in selling a horse, he says, and was in law about it afterwards fui' fourteen years. Unless you have got lots \--ofpatience, therefore, never set up for a rascal. ,· KEEN.-A young lady recently entered -'a railroad carriage in Paris, where there wer:e three or four gentlemen, one of whom "ivs lighting a cigar, Observing her, with 'tie charac.eristic "politeness" of a French -mad'trske??ked her if smoking would in commode her. She replied, " I do not \- owo;, sir; no gentleman has ever smoked \- in my presence." \---N--N D--Yout CONJUNCTIONS.-" Yes, ..Mrs. Johnson, my poor husband died with the cholera, he. did!" " Ah, that was a pity, Mis. Smith. 3utrthen we mustl have go. pot rid of.the chleia ; that is, according t_.aur story._" "How can you make out that ?" " You said that he died with the cholerd. Well, if he did, they must have both' died together!" " :WLL, I's BLOWEp.."-This, sii ac. c tount of the prevailing winds, is the S-proper expression for March. -- His Royal gahaness the'Prinie of Wales will, how ever, va'y it this year to "Well t'm' blared."Furn. 