JPubHthedcvery JTtirtday, Vhnrtdayl i... ''"-i.. a lid SaHt'rdtly. .Thursday, July, 9, 18fi3. THE POLICE COMMITTEE. We may Congratulate the> public on the conclusion of' the sittings of the Com mittee of the Legislative Assembly ap pointed to enquire into the mac-agemenc and condition of our Police Force, becausa it is an es-e'ntial item ia the comfort of the body politic to know that it possesses a cJnsiabulat'ya' whose external relations with the. public (i.e., the just performance of their duties,) are, in the main, .satisfactory.' This is certified to by the Committee, who ap pear to have had ample' opportunities of judging, as their report states ' that they have had under their consideration the evidence taken by t^o former Com mittees "on the subjecti also, ' that they have examined a number of wit nesses and documents,' all of which ap pear to have tended to the above (pub- ( iicly felt inevitable) satisfactory conclu sion,—an unwillingly wrung out meed of praise, which it has taken this astute body some months of petty.considera tion and'grovelling enquiry to arrive at, though its imost- honest member couid. have momentarily arrived at the same by a< frienflly'.eriquiry from the nearest thief.The main portion tof the report is directed -to an exposition of some cir- j •cumstairces that- attended.-the dismissal of'two, unworthy members! of thevForce, who, in. their capacities i as sergeants, appear-to. haveincited a large portion of the Melbourne Division of Police to -sig-ri a prepared complaint; against their Chief, forwarding the.same in an under hand and unconstitutional manner di-" rectly to the political ihead of the department, instead of through the recog nised official channel,'the Obief Commis sioner..; This matter having been fully enquired into by an impartial board appointed by the Governor, we cannot see- that it came within the scope of ! their duties.. to , reopen the matter. Their report, ' that the .dismissal of these men, accompanied as it was with every possible ignominy, was^ •■un'Jer the circumstances, a hargh expedient, is simply a condemnation; of the judg ment of the gentlemen forming the ; boar J who recommended their dismissal* and has nothing whatever to do with the management of the Police Force as regards tbe Chief Commissioner. A conclusion.,.is arrived at by the Com1 mittee that the relations ,of ,the officers .to the Chief Commissioner; is unsatis factory, and 1 that much discontent and bad feeling is found to exist, among. the. members:of the Force-': This isr much to be regretted, and the more so cause the ill-feeling must surely be fostered, if not caused by the proximity' of the main body ot the Force to'the Committee, which, open ,,to complaint, and not caring, for defeqce, has eagerly spcked in each impossible t.ale,vr^c^ived all prejudiced advice, dnd encouraged, every, malcontent. In tthis District'1 .remote from the pryings of this inquisi torial.Committee, we c^r* assert of: our ■orwrx knowledge, that not oply are the relations of the constabulary. Jo, JhV ;public most creditable and satisfactory;',! but. that ill-feeling does not exist among them, and the duties of officer and. con-! stable have ever been carried out with unanimity and good will.., It is, pro bably,-for that reason that ?Jhe moving minds of the Committee have not made a selection of the, members of the Force here, to give evidence before them'ota' this reported .state of dissatisfaction. -Throughout their report the Committee ,hay.e.carefully avoided giving any credit in connection with the satisfactory state of the Department (which they h;aye, as a.preliminary announced) to£fie,offioer« of the F.orce. Did we think^t necessary to enter into. ,aij .elaborate ^discussion vas .to the results of well- Gxe'fdised authority, we-ioight very easily show ,t0;;bh.biass,ed. miods , that,.. not frnly have the officers of the ; Force, as !a body, vigilantly.,,upheld their position, in 90 far as a corrept carrying out of their duties -is concerned,, but while coniriviDg,.:under attempted abstraction .of social position, serious redaction of income, .and particularly unequal treau -m?nt, tjiey hayf hesitated from remon strance^in -the firm belief th,at enquiry :would lesult in;. a" recognition of their deserts, -but -they- may now comfort themselves that the simple omission ot mention in such a prejudged, miscon ! ceived, twisted, narrow-minded report, I —the result of nearly two years inres | tigation as to their defects,—?is the 1 highest compliment that can be paid to their efficiency. On the philosophical principle of searching tor TO i. 6o •• rai-hfeii.V.iiopelssslyi;^ ».«iJhvj re^o!#t,;ibuti'W6 are i&w;&tierf;<£q'r- {o.doirfgV by d'ecoverin"- tivat><fbe- Committee_ d «es i»ot recommend, the. dismemberment «f.; the constabulary, formed with 6ucli.c»re i and expense,- by . placing' , it under the' I flivided "cdbtrbl. of municinaliues or 1 .. • ■ . district council?, whicli»isi 'simply, foU iowing tlie experience that h»s ltd to the County Police. Act in England, the recent extension of ' tbe>!'"Metropolitan command in Londo.n.to. ther.Ci.ty, Force, anel the 'form'atfoB' "b"jr£ ''n'^hb'briog Colonies of Police establishments on .the s^me, basis . as.r^ur owo>rjn many instances assisted by. draffs "of officers and men .from . our .furnace?,tried force. But this really sensible recommendation is dashed by the counteraction of their decision that, to ensure- future .effi. ciency (while not doubt.iu'^. the satis faction of the public -.^ifch- the present state of the Department) three Com missioners must be paid (or; instead of,, one. To constituie a pull baker's, , pull devil sort of Board, is their highest end and aim. Need we illustrate tliti,.vyelj known fact, that divided authority over any organised body of meff, mferiGs loss; of command' • and ultimate disorgani sation.. '. ■ ' . ' V'.f Finally, we hail the report as a de struction of the pet object of the Com mit teeT ' The 'dark disclosures which - were to'become public at .the conclusion of its sittings, sufficient to hurl from power and sink, in lasting ignominy s monster in hitman form, have dwindled down to a namby-pamby relation of th£ efficiency of the Force, excepting in some minor details, which;' doubtless, the existence and action of the Com mittee have augmented, till, frightened at the ghost ihey have raised, and the loss of their-Frankenstein, the chair man, who so hurriedly retired, from public life, they have just as hurriedly rushed into print 'scarce.: half made up.' Captain Standish wi'l,. doubtless feel with us, that Jie has not lost by a dignified disregard of . his tradacers, but may content himself with a mental repetition of the proverb—' Patience, Sovereign, o'er transmuted ill.' 