MONDAY, AUGUST 10, 1863. Like the post-boy in GAY'S fable, the mail- comes in " with news of, nations " lumbering on its back." The condition of America may almost be expressed by a, formula, and a very littlo skill in political vaticination, with a moderate knowledge " of the doctrine of permu-" tations, may rob the American in- telligence of the element of novelty and excitement it onco possessed. It is scarcely possible to .anticipate that the humiliation of a defeat on one side or the other will solve the p»oblem. A reverse, indeed, so. far from being the harbinger of a better state of things, rather tends to confound expectation and ag grávate £he complexify of affairs. It is not 'only possible, 'but it is consistent ( with the logic of previous facts, that the next mail reverses the aspect of this .most ill-starred dueVand that LAERTES, after wounding HAMLET, is destined to receive HASILET'S point in his' breast. Meantime, suppressing the spirit of pro .phecy, and takingt the, facts as we have them, we are bound to' confess\that thero is something like " development, like dramatic unity, in the i disjointed story of the present despatches. i The omens aro gradually crowding on itlie Northern States Theil armies are being repulsed on' all sides, their generals disabled, and their Government beaided by its own citizens.! There is no doubt that the fate is overtaking the Federals which the statesman whose book'we lately reviewed foretold. The i conflict- ing interests, to > which, seventeen years ago, ho- pointed out the Constitution must succumb, "have*-never" been recon- ciled, even by the common bond of defence 'againstr a common dan- ger. The estrangement between "* De- mocrat and Whig is rather widening under the strain of external pressure The period of selfish disorganization which the acutest of ancient historians, THUCY DIDES, ascribed to the- demoralisation which civil war induces, seems to have set in. Patriotism is lost in despair. Tho coming man has not yet come, and the free citizen of the freest country in the world declines to respond to the in- vitations of the enlisting sergeant. It reads like a contradiction in terms not to, be reconciled to logic or history, that the' Democracy which DE TOCQUEVILLE has described as " holding the ark of liberty," should be crying out against " military " despotism,"' and whining for " freedom. " of discussion." The , proposal of the Emperor of 'the FRENCH to recognise the Southern Confederacy is one step in advance of the offer of mediation, and is certainly more likely tobring the crisis to an end. The 'time for the interference of diplomacy would almost seem to have gone by. It may be no longer doubted whether any conditions that did not involve separa- tion would be accepted by the South. It has sacrificed too much in blood and treasure to surrender the fruits of its labour. 'In any issue, tho most dismal prospects face the world. If the stiuggle .ends in a divorce, the quarrel, like every family quarrel, can never be forgotten. If the rupture is healed by conquest, the wound must break out afresh at the first opportunity. The breach in the Constitution must be fatal to it. \- Thö 'European news is of that sort that loads to speculation, rather than comment. England maintains her poised position in the affaiis of Poland, while France is disposed to tilt her, from her eqmlibrium into movement. France herself, though preparing for war at her own dooi, is still engaged in conquering an emphe in Mexico. The capture of La Puebla, which is announced, cannot, how- ever, be considered decisive, while thirty leagues of hostile soil, protected by forty inousana regular troops, are interposed between General FORBY and the capital. In Poland, the revolution« hewing its way to the consummation, and taxing heavily the resources of autocracy. Quitting the Continent for matter of more particular interest to our colonial in- stincts, the news that wo are to have a fortnightly mail will be singularly wel- come ; at the same time, it will not take us by surprise. Tho last accounts pre- pared the public mind for a thorough ventilation of the subject, if not for a very speedy and prosperous denoue- ment. The Panama scheme was hope- less at the outset, and the decision of the House of Commons not to subsidize it, will hardly be received with irrita- tion, even by its promoters. Neither Mr. CnosBiE WABD nor Mr, HAMILTON appear to have had any hopes held out to them that the project ofj their re spjBctive.Governments would be realized." The route via Gallie-in other words, the duplication t of the present "postal traffic-has so much to reoommend it on the grounds of economy and convenience, that it allows of no competitor. ' ' Meanwhile, there is no robin or time for remonstrance. Among other items of Australian interest, the interruption of (the boat-race between OH AMBERS may .not have the effect of deranging betting books, will bo regretted by every Australian, inspired with a love of I country or of sport ; while, the banquet I to Sir CHARLES DARLING, who did not partake »of it, maybe noticed as illus-1 trating the Vulgar influence which dys- pepsia exercises over thenatural sequence of events. Tol our sister colony on the western flank of the continent, the prospect of un- limited convictism bids fair. Ship loads of those unwilling immigrants are on the way to supply her labour market. It is j satisfactory to feel that though the re monscrànées of her neighbours against | criminal colonization failed, the Home Government have been so far influenced by them as to enforce the suppression I of the ticket-of-leave system. The j plague i is to be localized. It is ger- mane to the subject of transportation, to notice, before we close it, the death of I Sir JOSHUA JEBB. His whole lifo may | De sam to have been spent in solving the problem of criminal reform, and in reconciling a máximum of punish- ment with a minimum of discomfort. The British, convict will have lost his best friend, while the British Govern^ meut will loso a veiy troublesome ser- vant, and, society a guardian who dis- tracted it by his very elaborate attempts to -protect it. The illness of Lord PALMEKSTON, "associated in the telegraph with the- death of Sir WALTER CROF TON'S rival, is particularly ominous at this inomentywheii the entire Continent, whose courts he once controlled, is heav- ing with' the throes of revolution. The pilot that has weathered so many storms cannot be expected to guide the helm much longer. According to the ordinary calculations *of humanity, the hour draweth nigh when Tlie Times must remove him from his pigeon-hole. In conclusion, of news of intercolonial interest, intelligence from India-on which it would be cmel to comment alone offers matter to disturb the colo- nial mind. The magnitude of the task to which the commissioners by their report invite the Minister of Mines will be his great embarrassment. The existing system is so 'generally condemned, that the reform to he applied'niust bo radical and tho- rough. But? the suggestions offered to him are so many, and their importance is so self-evident, that seme perplexity may bo pardoned in the Minister as to where and how he should begin. His. own appointment, however, removes the fust of the difficulties which the commissioners must have fore- seen, and clears the way for sweeping changes. The Minister's im- mediate .business will bo to prepare Ms own department for the work which the country insists upon its undcitaking. No longer an appanage of the Post Office, no'more a piece of debatable ground over which the Chief Secretary now, and noiv__tho Commissioner of Lands, exer- cised command, the country will expect from a properly-organised Department of Mines such an administration of mining affairs as will facilitate the ex- tension of that branch of industry, and remove the numerous causes of complaint which have operated against the success of mining lessees, and other followers of mining. Out of the Board of Science, the nucleus of a department has in course of time been developed. The duties thrown upon it, however, have grown in an ever-increas.ing area ; and the scheme of the commissioners depends for its success so entirely on the proper constitution of the Mining department, that the rMinister must press upon his colleague, the Treasurer, the necessity of liberality, and insist on the transfer- ence, to his list of a staff of officers sufficient for the work which will be cast upon them before the Parliament of 1863-4 closes. Once in this position, it will be the duty of the Minister of Mines-if the recommendations of the commissioners meet the approval of Parliament, as they will of the country-to grapple with a fruitful source of evils. The mining boards must be abolished, the bye-laws codified and amended, and the adminis- tration of justico'improved. Fortunately, the time is opportune, and public opinion is ripe, for the abolition of these local mining Parliaments. They have been tried and found wanting. It has be- come more obvious from^day to day, that the number of these boards, must bo increased, and the districts into which the colony is mapped for mining pur- poses must be multiplied, or the whole íesponsibility must be thrown upon the central power. The growing interests of St. Arnaud and Inglewood, for example, could "not much longer be legislated for from Maryborough, in courts to which tho representatives of those important districts could not travel ; while it has long been amongst the absurdities of the system, that Castlemaine and Beech- worth should have, a pretence for the imposition of bye-laws framed by them on the gold-fields of the Jordan and Northern Gipps Land. Nor is it inconsistent that, while we are about to confer local self-government on shires and road districts, we should propose to take it away from mining districts. The functions of the two kinds of courts are altogether dissimilar. The powers of the former are limited to certain dis- tinct tilings, of an administrative cha- racter^ which can most advantageously bo exercised locally j while the latter are of a legislative character, and affect interests of the greatest magnitude. Two distinct powers in mining legisla- tion, indeed, havo grown up, and the colony has seen local bodies exercise legislative functions scarcely inferior to those of Parliament itself; while the privileges which the Department of Mines could confer on tho miner were altogether inferior to those which the mining boards could institute. It is full time that this anomaly' should come to an end. The px perionce all the local« bodies can be gathe'ied for the use*.of the central governing power. That power tan easily bo reached, when new developments of tho resources of'the country'demand new'regulations j and a uniioimity, La itself highly desirable, and-an excellence in rriining bye-laws, can bo secured winch will go far to encourage minino and íeatore public confidence m miriing' speculations. But ik abolishing the mining boards, the Minister will enter on. another task of some delicacy and of much importance. The commissioners clearly apprehend that their îecom mcndations will place the control of the mining registrars and surveyor) entirely in thedepartment. The divided authority hitherto exercised in this mattes has been fruitful of mischievous consequences. It may be a nice task to discumiiuto where the powers and responsibilities of the suiycyor-general aro to begin and end in mining surveys, and to < say what the relations of the geological Miivey'staff with tho Mining department shall be The line, however, must, he drawn! Divided 'authority is always dangerous and this case is no exception to the rule! By the abolition of the mining boards' the appointment of mining sui voyon and registiiirs will fall into the dcpaitment- - where at present it rests only nominally . and if we cannot expect that the Minister's selections'will alwris be the» happiest, we shall have some giuunds for hoping that incompetent persons will not be appointed to offices of such im- portance. "At least, we shall li ive some one who can be made responsiMo for any lapse of duty, suoh aa nuning boards have been notoriously 'guilty of m their nominations to these offices. ^ The system by which tho laws are administered on the'gold-ficlds will next present itself to the, Ministei's,considéra- tion. It requires determination' before ' tho laws themselves arc alte-ed. The .propositions of the commissioners in this ' rnatter may be accepted without much" consideration. The extended jurisdic- tion they proposo to confer on the local courts and on the wardens is> lequired, and their proposal, that appeals should be heard by a judge whose attention shall be given specially to mining cases, recommends itself. The incoiiMstencies of tho recorded decisions have magnified intensely, in mining disputes, the usual uncertainties of the law. It ih probable that the proposition of the commissioners would insure uniformity in the inter- pretation of the statutes affecting mining, arid thus rescue mining l.tw trom the chaos into which it has fallen. When thefao impoitani changes have been planned, and the Minihtei of Mines finds himself free to consider questions of less pressing importance, lie will find in the report ample food foi months of study. The frontage system, as it exists at Ballarat, wijl then come ploininently to the surface. This question has na- turally engaged a large measure of atten tion, because it involves pecumaiy conse- quences, such as asimple bve-hw. of a local court ßerhaps bevor before affected in any country under the sun, certainly never in a British colony. The sale of auriferous Lind, nuning on private proporty, the registration of mining interests, water supply, drainage of reefs and leads, the inspection of mines, and many other kindred questions, will follow. These we shall examine at futuic oppoitunities. Meanwhile, it is satisfactory to know that the commissioners speak in the most hopeful manner of the prospects of the mining interest of Victoria, and that little moro is wanted to assure its pros- perity than a system of encouiaging laws and regulations, wisely and consistently administered. The talented book of Mr. HENRY FAWCETT, just published, and which the author modestly calls A Manual of Political Economy, but which, in virtue of sound argument, lucid statement, and compendious arrangement, is entitled to hold a place in the first lank among works "on the subject, has a valuable chapter " On the Eecent Gold Dis " coveries." In this, Mr. FAWCETT begins by observing that tbo effects of the large supplies of gold ob- tained from Australia and Califor nia, are still uncertain, and as' far as they can be ascertained, have curiously belied the , predictions and speculations indulged in when the sup- plies first poured in, according to which gold was to be so rapidly dcpicciated in value that in a fow years it was to be as cheap as silver. Before tho discovery of the Australian and Californian gold- fields in 1850 and 1852, almost all the gold used in Europe was obtained from South America and the Ural Moiintains. The annual' yield from these sources, it has been estimated, did not exceed £6,000,000. "But since 1850, the " average yield of gold in Australia " has been £10,000,000, and the gold " mines of California have been scarcely " less productive," This largo yield nearly all went to England, and tho average amount obtained from California " has "been at least £4,000,000." So that during tho last twelve years, Australia and California together have sent "more " than four times the amount previously " obtained during a similar period from " all sources combined." Of course, the questions naturally arise, what has England dono with this additional £140,000,000 of gold, and what would she have done without it r It is shown sufficiently clearly that only a small portion has been coined for use as money in England; and .also that tue amount of gold annually used in aits and manufactures is, comparatively speaking, insignificant, Not more than ¿10,000 of gold plate is annually manufactured, and though the " precious metal" is used for a'variety of puiposes, the amount thus absorbed is not sufficiently large to affect the answer to the questions propounded. Of the three purposes, then, to which the gold imported by England must be ap- plied, these two- coinage and arts and manufactures-absorb but a small pro- portion. There remains tho third. _ It may be transmitted to foreign countries, to pay for various commodities pur- chased from them in the ordinary trans- actions of commerce. The evils neces- sarily attendant upon-an excess of gold circulation-the depreciation in the value of gold, and its accompaniment, the rise of prices, have not shown themselves, and minero have hot anywhere'gonè out of work,' which it might be supposed they would have "-done; had gold fallen irf value. " The fact," says Mr, FAWCETT, " that the largo additional supplies of " gold have, as yet, caused no marked " depreciation in its value, enables us to " account for a most important result " which has been undoubtedly produced " by these discoveries." He has, be- fore shown that sudden variations in the value of " money1'-whatever btrthe sub- stance so called-must prove most dis- astrous to a mercantile nation, and illustrates this, by asking his readers to reflect upon some of the con- séquences which 'would ensue if the value of gold should in a few years increase fifty per cent. Every fixed money payment would be increased fifty per cent. ; for the prices of all com- modities would be reduced fifty per cent. 150 sacks of wheat could only sell for the same amount of money as 100 sacks Bold for before. Rents would be vir- tually raised fifty per cent, because fifty per cent, moro produce must bo'sold to raise the money to pay tho rent. Wo hero give Mr. FAWCETT'S reasons in his own words, which cannot he condensed without loss of clearness : ''Again, the burdon of the national debt would be increased fifty-per cent ; becausej if the interest on the dott was JEoO,000,OOQ, this' amount of money would represent the sarñe quantity of ttealilt OB ¡£á6,OM,000 did before tho value of gold was depreciated. The whole monetary arrangements of tho country would ' in fuct, be thrown into a state of confusion since those who bad fixed money payments^ receive would be onriched as much' as those would be irapovoiinhed-who had to make these payments. Now, thero can be no doubt but that thel\ arno'of gold would have been suddenly increased, nnd the disastrous con- sequence just nwn'ioned would Imvo conse-; qnently ensued, if England had not obtained since the year 1850 a large additional supply of gold. It ia a remarkable coincidence, that the lime whe-n the gold discoveries were made was the commencement of ft nsw era ia the commerce, of this country ; the Navigation Laws we re. thon ripealed, and tins, measure completed the great free trade policy of SirB. PeeL Our comincico and trade, released from the trámatela of protective dutiee, at once Bliowed a most extraordinary development. Our expirts in tttelvo year?, from 1818-130, advanced from JC60,030,OOÛ to £185,000,000, and our imports exhibit a corresponding increase. In 1817, we importel about 600,000,0001b. of colton, and 55,000,0001b. bf t:a; aud ia 1856, wo imported moto than 1,000,000,0001b. of cotton, and nearly 90,000,0001b. of tea. This expansion of our trade and commerce was as sudden as it was great ; for it is un instruc- tive fact, tbat the trade of this country seemtrd to bo ia a stationary state for1 several j-enre/ previous to the iutroduction of free trade.) Our exports and itapotts had, since Ihe con- clusion of the war in 1815, shown a progres- sive increase ; but about the year lS38,,unt¡r¡ the passing of Irte trade, they remaiaed almost stationary. Kow, it is quite evident that such a sudden, development of trade and commerce would require a larger amount of money to ba brought into circu'ation ¡ for, as' the wealth of the country increased, a greater amount of wealth would be each year bought and sold for money ; more money would also "bo re- quired because tho population was moro numerous. Again, more money was wanted in oidcr to pay" the wages of tlielabourers; for our exporta could not advance Iront £60,000,000 to £135,000,000 without the wage fund of the country being enormouály in- creased. It is therefore quite evident, that the sudden development of our trade and commerce about tho year 1850, created a de- mand for a greater quantity of money to bo brought into circulation." The new supplies of gold pre- vented this additional demand for gold from causing an otherwise in- evitable sudden rise in its value. And he regards it as conclusively pioved, that the gold discoveries were made at a most opportune time, and that they averted a most serious evil. If England had been loft to the old sources of supply for gold, her commerce could not have extended as it has dono during the last few years, without a laige and sudden fall in general prices. The íemainder of this chapter must be dofeired for future comment,'which we shall make in connexion with another new writer on the subject-Mr. JKVONS, formerly of tho Sydney Mint, whose treatise has attracted some attention in England, and whose views diffei in some impoitant respects from thoso of Mr.' FAWCETT. Shortly before midnight information was reecho! from Adelaide of tho arrival of the mail steamer Wonga Wonga, from King Gcoigo's Sound, at Glen els', tvith the South AuEtrnbnn portion^ the English Juno malls, brought to the Sound by tho Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Nor- tham, At an early hour we received from our correspondent the surnmary of the news, which will bo found in another column. On this occasion the news frotn tho 6eat of war in America - interesting "and highly important as it is-was not anticipated by any telegiams via Son Francisco. Tho Northam may be looked for in tho bay this e\ ening It will be Been from our latest tele- gram that the american news glows in inte rest. The South has at length invaded the North, Washington, Phdadelphia, and Balti- more are threatened, and at last the end approaches. ' A inmentaoïe occident was brought under the notice of the officer on duty nt tho police station in Russell strict on Saturday last. A Beaman named Eugene Gillard, belonging to tho French barque Sufferin, now lying in the nvtr alongside tho Australian Wharf, gave information to tho police that ho had eeen, at naif-past seven o'clock that morning, a man "tuggltog in the walcr, not moro than three yards from the vessel. He eeveral times threw u ropo to the swimmer, which he eich time failed to grasp, and wns in consequence swept down by the strength of the outrent, und seen no more. A cap was seen for some timo floating on the wator, but it was not recovered. The river haB been dragged by the police, but 'tho body »as not jet been found; and as, owing to the latorainp, the current of the river is of extra- ordinary strength, it may have been drifted »great distance from the spot at which the .-eceascd was seen for the last timo. Thero,is nothing at present known tendiog to lead to w10 identification of the deceased ; and no information of any poison being missing has Ktbceniccehcd by tho police. < , An ordinary meeting of the Royal Society tates place this evening. The first business Ti bo tho eleciion of an honorary secretary, » room of Mr. B. Brough Smyth, who has «signer]; anl a member of thecutmcn> in worn of Mr. Archer. Mr. Daintree is 'to read Queeníand.a ^ ^^ g=ol,°8Ic,vUriP ** There weic no CKQI of any general interest at the Sandridge or Emerald-hill Police Courts on Saturday. Mr. John Fin'ay was the pre- siding magistrate at the one court, and Dr. Plummer at the other. ; It has been impossible to pursue cither piscatorial or aquatic sports on the Yurra during the past week, in consequence of tho " fresh" caused by the heayy rains. On Satur day afternoon the crew chosen for the next Intercolonial Rowing Match ventured out for a little practice, but with that oxieption the river presented norie of tbo signs of 1 fe and animation which usually distinguish it on the weekly half-holiday. In connexion with the forthcoming intercolonial matoh wo may mention that the services of Ben Oxlade have been seenred, aa professionil trainer of the Victorian crew. The match announced to take place on Saturday afternoon, between the Melbourne and the University Football Clubs, for the Challenge Oup, originally given by the Caledo- nian Society, duly came off, notwithstanding the unfavourable weather, and proved to be one of the best contested games of this or any previous season. It was played in the Richmond Paddock, and was commenced very shortly after the appointed time-two o'clock. The number of men engaged on each side was twenty, and the two teams seem to have been well selected. The University players had the kick off, and by a stroke of good for- tune they succeeded in obtaining a goal in about ten minutes. The next goal was se- cured by the Melbourne Club, after a brisk struggle, lasting about three- quarters of an hour. Both parties were now fairly put on their mettle, and the contest for the third and final goal was most vigorous and exciting. The game was con- tinued until after five o'clock without either party being able to claim the victory, and an armistice till Saturday next was then agreed upon. Heavy showers of rain fell during the greater portion of the afternoon, and, owing to the slippery state of the ground, the '' spills" were oft and many-half-a- dozen com- batants being sometimes sprawling on the turf together. The utmost good-humour, however, prevailed, and though the players left the field drenched to the skin and be- spattered with mud, they had evidently en- joyed the afternoon's sport. A considerable number of spectators were on the ground. The annual show of the Victorian-Poultry Society closed on Saturday evening'last, after being open for three days. Such was the interest taken in it, ani such the good report given of tho exhibit?, th \t on tin lait day the place was better attended thin ever, and the society will no doabt reap soma pecuniary bonefit. Now that the exhibition has closed, ,it may with propriety be remarked how 'completely the success of the sje'ety is owing to its promoters, aud the interest of the sub- ject, for among the list of prizes the oaly 0:10 not supplied out of th J subscribed funds w is the gift of his Worship tlw Major of Mel tourne. Owin? to a mistake of the printer of .the prize-li't, Mr. A. Brown, of Hotham, who took the prize ' for " Polands of any other colour," was set down as of Hawthorn. t, Tho Campbell Minstrels bave been perfoim 'ing at the Alhambra Hall all last week, and on' Saturday evouin^ last their performances gave much satisfaction to a somewhat mixed , audience. ' Prom Sydney,'by the Bangatira,'W<J have our files to the 5th inst.' On Saturday afternoon the Pentridge Billes wera summoned together to perform tbc funeral rites of th¡5 Jate Mr. It, Cocking, who had been a member of the company since its formation. Nearly seventy rank-arri-dle were in attendanoe,;v»ithLieuttfnnut-colonol Champ and the other officers." Notwithstanding the severo pelting rain ihit poured down, Hie coffin was carried ion itlie shoulders of-the deceased's comrade's to the grave in Pentridge Cemetery, a dist inco of some thr,.o miles. The baud played several slow marches, including the "Dead MaTcb." The Rev. W. Carter read 'the burial service, after which the firing-party delivered three volleys in the usual manner. The quarterly moating of the City Council will he held to-day. As the repairs and alterations to the council-chamber are sltll far from completion, tho council will assemble in one of the committee rooms. AlthoughsomanypsrEonacomplainingof los- ing poultry from their fowl- houBtshavobrought their losses under tho notice of tho police, a number of fowls, amongst which are a pair of very handsome bantams, havo been kept at the Dctective-ofiice for nearly a fortnight, and aro Btlll unclaimed. An instance of highway robbery with vi j lence has bscn reported to tho police by Mr. A. Mueller, living at Hanover-strcct, Fitzroy, as occurring at ten o'clock on laBt Friday night. He states that at that timo he was walking along; Ken-street, Fitzioy, when> upon turning the corner into Fitzroy-street, he received a blow on the head whioh knocked him down into the water-channel. There he lay for some time insensible, and fonnd, on recovering, that ho had been robbed of a pocket book, -a pocket-handkerchief, and what silver he had about him, amounting to six or seven shillings. He is unable to givo any de- scription of the assailant. Tbo weekly returns of the Melbourne gaol? on Saturday show a total of 245 prisoners 192 males, and 63 females ; classified as fol- lows:-Awaiting trial nt the Supremo Oourt, 10; under remand from magistrates, 9 ; be- longing to other stations, 3; road-gang, 26; hard labour, 101; imprisonment only, 7Í2? lunatics, 2 ; in default of bail, 13 ; debtors, 0 Total, 192 males, and 53 females. At tho Richmond Police Oourt on Satur 'day, the only coses taken were those of two 'cabmon named Martin and Alwyn, who ware fined 2s. 6d. each for leaving their vehicles unprotected. The fourth trial match, preliminary to ths selection of the ten riflemen to represent Victoria in the annual contest with Kew South Wales, took place at the Sandridge rifle-butts on Saturday. The weather was very unfavourable, and, as a consequence, the scoring fell below the average. Private Ji'Clurc, of the Callion Rifles, headed the list with eighty- seven marks. Although no official information has been received, it appears pro- bable that the Intercolonial Match will take placo about the middle of October. This year Sydnoy is tho locality of the contest. Tbo election for Mandurang is likely to bo keenly contested, a second local candidate Mr. Macpherson-having entered tho field to dispute the election with Mr. Casey. Both candidates are Ministerialists. The Hobart Town papers brought by tho last mall from Tasmania report a police cash in which a rc3pcctablo licensed victualler was found " 6 uilty " of 6toalin3 a number of labels for tins of preserved fruit3, and sentenced to imprisonment, with hard labour, for twenty four hours. After taking the labels, he at- tempted to obtain a very largo supply from tho lithographer who had produced them, apparently for a fiaudulent trado purpose. A ctifihbox, containing a £5-noto and about £1 in silver, was stolon, between eight and nino on Saturday evenln?, from the bar of tho Templo Oourt Hotel, Little Collins-street. It appears that the box wos taken from a desk, \s,hlch was left standing upon the counter un- locked, during ft biief absence of Mr. Larkin*, the landlord, from the bar. A person who had a short timo previously changed tho £5 note at the bar is suspected of the theft, It is supposed that, observing where Mr, Larkins deposited the cash-box, he watched his oppor- tunity, and effected the robbery. In our obituary occurs the notice of the death of Mr. Samuel Anderson, at Western Port. Mr. Anderson was a native of Castle- douglas in, the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, Scotland, and one of the earliest colonists in Victoria, having landed in 1835 at Western Port, where he joned[sic.] the first settlement on the Bass. Mr. Anderson died after a short illness, and was much esteemed by all who knew him. Ia another column appear» the address of Mr, James Denham Pinnock to the electors of tho Eastern Province, offering himself as a candidate to replace the late Mr. James Stewart in tho Legislative Council. Notice bas bein-given that the trial of Burney v. Fitzgerald, appointed for next Wed- nesday, will not come on during the present sittings. "The ghost "-the veritable "ghost" of the London Polytechnic and the BritanniaTheatro -is about to mako bia appearanco before a Melbourne audience this evening, at the Haymarket Theatre, in the good old dram», "The Castle Spectre." Professor Peppei's recont discovery in optics is to be exhi- bited on the Melbourne stage. A "real' ghost is to mako his, her, or its bow; and an equally unsubstantial spectre is to "strut his hour" next Monday at the Princess's. In a fortnight orso ho will also np'pear at tho Polytechnic. Each illusion is 'said to ba " the genuine Ptpptr," hut this is a.( question which will probably have to bo determined by thej verdict of tho play going public. Tho lehcarsals at tho Haymarket were frequent during last week, and a degree of success WOB nttained that promises for this evening the most " startling" success of the season. The delusion is certainly one of the most extraordinary ever produced.' /'As You Like le'' continues a most suc- cessful career at tho Theatre Royal, and.its revival has added to the already well esta- blished reputation of Mr. Barry Sullivan and his talented company. ' Despite the inclemency of the weather, the Polytechnic Institute was well patronized during Saturday's day performances', and at the evening represontation of the "'Holiday Trip" thö hall was crowded. Tho Bashful Young Gentleman, Mr. Birch'd most successful piece of mimicry, was given for tho lost time, and will bo replaced this evening hy a new charac- ter sketch. The favourite drama of "Luke the La- bourer," which was the afterpiece at the Princess's Theatre on Saturday evening, affords a capitul te¿t of the acting power of a company. Thestoiy is simple, and the cha- racters aro all natural, but this simplicity and truth to natura render necissary, on the part of the perfoimers, both careful study and fiuished exoiution. There is a charming heroine, on whom a naughty squire has de- signs, and there is an old farmor with whom tho wotld has gono wrong. There is also a .Sturdy villain, who slicks at nothing to gratify his Late, but who finally comes to grief; and there is a jolly sailor, who turns up justin timo to ic3cuethoru6tic beauty frum a couple of rufflan-», and to bring comfort to tho parents 'from whom he had bson stolen in eaily youth. Theso characters wero personated effectively by ilissltose Edouin, Mr.Creswick, Mr.Carter, and Mr, Fawcett. Mr.'W. B. Gill was very droll as the representative of a Yorkshire boy, who is bent on "going toLunnuu ;" and the other parti were creditably filled. Thus it is evi- dent that tho new company at the Princess's is .fully equal to any reasonable emergency. Tho reception which lias bei:ii accorded to Mr. Fawc.tt'd play of" Noith and South" has induced the mnnaier to keep it on the bills for another week. 