It would appear that the regulations of even, that model department, H.M. Cus toms, are capable of being amended in some important respects. Although ad ministered by a eentlctnan distinguished for shrewdness and capacity, the depart ment has not been such a vigilant sen tinel over our commercial interests as we should have expected, and the result has damaged the' colony to no- little ex tent. It may startle some- of our mer cantile readers to- hear that, in spite of the expensive staff who are supposed to keep a careful record of our imports and exports, the work is done in such a dilettanti fashion- that we might as well have no statistics at all, especially as re gards the point of paramount interest, the amount of goons exported from the colony. According to law, the cargo of every ship, outwards and inwards, should be registered at the Custom-houso. Tlv9 captaiu ot every vessel is presumed to know the eccact particulars of his cargo, - and he is bound to make a declaration of a correct, list, to be received and re- ' corded by the Customs officials. In connection with inward hound ships we- ! believe this is done with tolerable effi ciency, but there is reason to apprehend that the process as applied to vessels leaving the colony is little better than a farce. In the first place, it appears, the captain commonly knows little more than the cabin boy what cargu he has onboard. The manifest is prepared by the agents, " declared" to hy the cap tain with the most unsceptical reliance, accepted without a question by the Customs clerk — and the vessel is incon tinently cleared out for sea ! We are assured by competent authorities that, in consequence of this free and easy system, there is seldom a complete record of the cargo on hoard any vessel quitting Victoria. Take the article of wool, for example. " I believe 1 am correct in stating," writes a correspondent whom wo know to be well informed, " that one-fifth of the produce of wool leaves the colony without any record." That this is prejudicial to the colony, will fin snnn nt a o-tfmce. According to the official chronicle, we thus appear to he importing enormously in excess of our actual exports ; and a host of dreamy theorists like Mr. J enneh are furnished with arguments to prove the colony insolvent. Now, it is certainly quite enough for us to suffer through our actual shortcomings, without sus- | taining damage from the recklessness of skippers or the insouciance of " gen tlemen in the public service." We are confident that Mr Francis requires only to have his attention directed to the mischief in order to devise a speedy and adequate remedy. The position of the wine-producing interest of Victoria at the present moment is as strange and unsatisfac tory, as from its innate importance it ought to he both assured and encouraging. It is a branch oi industry which springs up naturally from the intrinsic advantages of our soil and climate. And it only requires to ho fairly recognised by the laws of the country in order to assume propor tions of the greatest magnitude, and reach the highest degree of prosperity. What the tea trade is to China, and the coffee trade to Ceylon and other tropical countries, the wine trade will most certainly become to the southern and south-eastern regions ot Australia, namely — a self-sustaining indigenous branch of commerce of purely native growth and of inborn strength and durability. And yet it is this most promising field of industrial enterprise, which in its present " strug gles of youth, " finds itself ignored — nay, almost put under ban — by our law-makers and those who administer our government for the time being. It will he scarcely believed a few years hence that the cultivators of the vine have had for their chief difficulty, in renching the turning point of success, the reluctance of our rulers to accord to them a legitimate and unrestricted means of sale for their produce within their own home market. It will naturally be doubted that any Govern ment in a civilised country should have been obstructive, or even indifferent, in the matter of permitting facilities for bringing our native Australian wines into general consumption. People will be unable to understand why there should have been any difficulty in authorising the issue of licenses at a moderate fee for selling by retail, and thus bringing within the reach of all classes, rich and poor, a native beverage which is at once so invigorating to health, so profitable in a pecuniary sense to all who are concerned in deal ing w iih it, and so important as an article of internal trade and foreign export. Yet the first page in tno future history of the wine trade of Victoria will havo to recount this irra tional and unnatural state of things, as tbo inain feature of its earliest stage of growth. The Geelong vinedressors certainly hnve the merit of taking the first earnest steps for putting an end to the nnomaly. On Tuesday last a deputation, consisting of the prin cipal vignerons and the Parliamen tary representatives of that district, waited upon the Chief Secretary to urge upon him the immediate enact ment of a law which would remove this subject of complaint. They brought two separate points under Mr. M'Cul- locu's consideration, each equally im portant in their nature. The first of these is that the new liberal wine laws of Now South Wales should he intro duced hero in an nmendod form, namely —That the owners and occupiers of houses of the annual ratea ble value, if in towns, of L10, and if in -the country of L-5, should be enabled to sell Aus tralian wine by retail, on p aying a licence-fee of L3 a-year, if tk s wine should he consumed on the premises, and of J>I a-year if the wine is merely purchased and taken away. This ar rangement would admit of refreshment tent keepers along the roads in tliO interior, and at outside diggings and " rushes" on the goldSelds, furnishing the thirsty traveller or miner with- a drink of pure colonial wine at the rate of about Cd a tnmbler, instead of tlienr being, as it were, forced to1 poison hotlr mind and body as at present-by the sty- f rog sellers' drugged and intoxicating raugh ts. At the same time;, in towns, it would admit of the working classes recruiting their strength by a> refresh ing beverage, instead of being driven to the- inevitable "nobbier " ei- ardent spirits.. Nothing could be more rea sonable- than this application. At the present moment we- have-, in our land- laws, provisions specially faeilitatang the eultivatiiMi of the vine ; and! the- Boardi of Agriculture, acting in the- same spirit, has rust published! a list of prizes to- be awarded! to the best wines of the Victorian vintage- of 1SG3. Ami yet whilst thus stimulating the Wine-trade of the colony with one handy we stultify ourselves by obstruct ing- its development with the other !: The second point specially noticed by the Deputation, to the Chief Secre tary is one of a more recondite nature, but still of the utmost importance. It refers to what the law should re cognise as the natural standard strength of Australian Wines, which they must not exceed without incurring the loss of their classification as wines, and passing into the class of " spirituous liquors." The New South Wales Act, following the practice of Europe, rather than being guided by the experience of the Australian wine- maker, has fixed 20 per cent, of alcohol as the highest limit for the standard strength of wine ; and any which exceeds that cannot be sold under a wine licence. Australian experience shows that this is a grave error ; and that if persisted in, it will exclude from general homo consumption, at least, the best flavoured, full-bodied, and invigorating wines produced in this country, and which are regarded as the future successful rivals, in the English market, of the " bees-wing," the "tawny port," and the "golden sherry" of Portugal and Spain. To those conversant with, the subject, it is well-known that the maximum alcoholic standard of 20 per cent, was fixed by French chemists, from their analyses of Burgundy and Bordeaux wines, which are naturally lighter in their character than the wines of warmer countries. And ibis standard has been adopted to some extent in England, without much consideration as to its applicability to the wines of Oporto, Cadiz, and Madeira. It is, however, obviously not applicable to them ; for, they have naturally a much higher range of strength than French wines ; and twenty-five per cent, would have been the proper limit to have assigned. The wines of Australia rank in this respect with the stronger European wines we have mentioned. And, nevertheless, the New South Wales Act adopts the standard of twenty, ia- stead of twenty- five per cent, as the maximum alcoholic strength of wine. The Geelong deputation de sired that our law-makers should avoid this error, and make the standard 25 per cent., which must not be ex ceeded hy any produce of the grape saleable under an ordinary wine license. The request shows an intimate tech nical acquaintance with the subject, and deserves to be attended to. We have only to hope that the next session of Parliament will not pass without the whole question being finally and satis factorily settled. Idtst night's Gazette contains several notices in connection with the management of the volunteer force, together with the names of the officers recently appointed, a list of which will be found in another column. Tho Passengers Act Amendment Act, with on abstract (prepared hy Her Majesty's Emigration Commissioners) of the provisions of the acts of 1855 and 18G3, os affecting ships proceeding from tho United Kingdom to any of Her Majesty's possessions abroad, is also published. The Government have offered a reward of L100 for the apprehen sion and conviction of the murderer or murderers of William Selby and John Bennett, whoso bodies were found tied t J a tree near the Richard son River, witli a free pardon to any accomplice giving such information, if not an actual partici pator in the murders. It affords us much pleasure to mention that the efforts of soveral gentlemen who undertook to collect subscriptions in aid of the widow and family of tho man Pearson, who it will be re membered lost his lifo in consequence of an injury sustained while lesculng a hoy from drowning at Sandridgo, have been crowned with success. In another column will be found a list of subscriptions collected hy Mr Agnew, and we are informed that when the whole of the lists come in tho amount will probably exceed L60O. It is suggested that a portion of this money should be expended in setting Mrs Pearson up in some kind of business, the re mainder being vested in trustees for her benefit. The Hobson's Bay Railway Company havo subscribed LOO towards this charitable object, and we shall be glad if the publication of this notice have the effect of inducing others to tcitify to tho gallnnt conduct which has deprived a poor woman of n worthy husband, and rendered her children fatherless. By the arrival of tho Black Hawk, wo have files of Cslifornlan journals, but of dates previous to our lost advices. The meeting of tho Brunswick Municipal Council, which was to havo been held on Thurs day evening, having been appointed hy ad journment from Wednesday evening, lapsed in consequence of their not being aufliciont members present to form a quorum. Wc may remind ourrcadera that the adjourned meeting of sympathisers with Mary Fraser, the victim of tho Swanston street outrage, is to be held at the Mechanics' Institute, at twelve o'clock this day. In the meantime, wo under stand the citizcuf of Melbourne are moving in the matter with characteristic benevolence. In another column will bo found a letter an nouncing n gcucrous contribution from His Excellency the Governor. The following additional subscriptions to the building fund of Christ Church, East CoIIing- wood, have boon received : — Professor Irving, 21s; W. John9 .n, 20s; Thomas Thwaites, 10s Gd; Mr Taylor (Grammar School), 5s; Mr Trump, 2s Od ; Miss Adamnnevc, 0; per Editor of Argus, 40s; James Nation, 42s; Commission, ' 21s; Mr Jenkins, 10s; Mr Taylor (Hoddlc street), 20s; Mr Birch, 20s. His Excellency Sir Chario9 Darling has signified his intention of contributing the handsome sum of L20 to the fund as soon as the walls of the building- arc sufficiently advanced to receive the roof. The foundation stone is expected to be I.tid a little before the end of the year. Our infidlihle contemporary, tho Bcndigo Ad vertiser, who himself, of course, never lapses into a literary faux pas, has been making merry over an imaginary miscalculation which appeared in The Herald. Referring, a few days ago, to tho distribution of the vote for advertising, wo ob served that "the Government have decided upon u'istributing the public advertisements upon the following scale : — To the Argus one-half, to the Age one-third, and to The Herald one-fifth — the balance, wc presume, going to the provincial : press." To ordinary readers it would be obvions ! enough that these proportions arc not of our ' selection, and that our allusion to the country journals was intended merely as n quiet sarcasm. But our Sandhurst contemporary is so clever and hypercritical ! A considerable number of persons assembled yesterday afternoon in the quiet village of Ivsiior, to witness a pedestrian match bcttveenG. Bwrke and W. Seward for L400, L2J0 aside, to run the following distances — 10'J yards, 230 yanfe, and 440 yards — the winner of two out of the three events to- take the stakes. After preliminaries, the men appeared in costume to tun the first race — She 109 yards. On the pistol being fired they both bounded away, and after a swift and exciting struggle the race ended in a dead heat, both incn breasting the handker chief siinult'ncously. After nn interval of half an hour they rc- appcnrcd, to run the second race— a quarter of a mile. On the signal being given, both men got away nt rapid pace, Seward taking the lend, which he maintained for about 30O yards. At this distance Burko went up, cleverly passed him, nnd finally won by about eight yards. The third event, of 250 yards, was so- closely con'ested that the referee declined giving a decision til! Monday, G. Burke offered to run tlic 100 yards race over again, but Seward declined the invitation. As another illustration of tlic mismanagement of the Victorian Railways during Mr Nash's time, the coso of Mr Hnmmctt, the late traffic superintendent, is one of peculiar hardship. For nearly two years he has nppeared before tho public branded r.s nn insubordinate official, and riiargeil with offences of a most serious nature. During this period he frequently sought for an investigation, and previous to tho closo ot the session a committee of the Assembly wns ap pointed, tho result of whose labours are now malo known. The charges made hy Mr Nash were— 1st, that Mr Hammett lmd failed to ac count for the sum of LI 8 ; 2nd, general insub ordination ; and 3rd, repeated absev.ee from his station, especinl-y upon one occasion when he had remained away for several days. The first charges the committee considered to be uusus- tnincd, an I the latter, so far as regards the case specially mentioned, was all along ndmittcd by Mr Hammett, who, however, proved that he had left a reliable person in charge. The report of the committee concludes as follows : — " Your committee are strongly of opinion that there were extenuating circumstances connected witli this one instance which ought to have influenced the commissioner when the report of the board was considered. Your commltteo arc of opinion that the punishment in this case has been out of ill proportiou to the offence." We have Dunedin journals to tho 20th instj rhey do not contain any news of iinportanco. At tlic weekly meeting of tho Executive Commit tee of the I mmigrantr Aid Society, held yesterday, the superintendent made the following return : — Number of inmates in the Home, as reported last week, 593 ; admitted since, 54 ; persons who havo received out- door relief, 95; total relieved, 748 j discharged from the Home during the week, 58 ; total at present remaining, 595 ; consisting of children chargeable to tho Govern ment, 418 ; coses chargeable to the society, 177. The Portland Guardian Btatcs that the com mittee of the Separation League will be shortly called together, to determine what further net ion should be adopted in the present peculiar aspect of political affairs in the Western district. In the meantime, as there is still a small balance of old aecount unsettled, mensures are to be taken for immediately clearing that off. The chairman and one or two influential members of committee haa'e engaged, we arc informed, to canvass for the amount of collections required to pay off the whole debt, and leave tho committee thus free for such future action as may be decided upon. All that is necessary is to collect another instal ment of the amount already subscribed. The half-yearly inspection of tho Creswick Volunteers will be held to-day. In the case M aule v. Boyd, !h the Bollaarat County Court, on Thursday, the plaintiff was a married woman who had not seen her husband for five years come next month. His Honour ruled, according to an English decision, that a husband seen alive witldn seven years jyaa assumed by the k\v to 1)3 hllvfi, and on that ground the plaintiff was nonsuited. The Lionised Victuallers are making laudable efforts to obtain the grant of a site, and the erection thereon, of an asylum and schools for decayed members and destitute and orphan children of members, as in London. They have only to he true to themselves and persevere, and we believe they will successfully compass their very laudable object. A digger from Kingower, who has been work ing in tho old ground on the township for a considerable time, with but poer luck, brought in says tho Inglewood Advortiser, a " littlo native," in the shape of a 2 Jib nugget. It was found in some old ground, a little removed from the claim from which the famous " Blanche Barkiy" was taken a few years ago. We have South Australian advices to the 24th instant, but the principal news has been already telegraphed. The escort which left Beechworth on the 25th inBtant brought the following amounts of gold :- From Beechworth, 2204 Joz; from Chiltern, IGOOJoz; from Morse's Creek, 21G2oz; nnd from Yackandandali, 997iez. ; Total, 7114Joz lOdwt. The Castleraalne Annual Races will tako place In the early pari of the week, and will occupy two days, — Tuesday and Wednesday next. On the first day, the Maiden Plate, the Great Centre Handicap of 200 sovs., the Ladies' Purse, and the Hack Selling Race are on the card. On the second day, tlic prograramecdnshts of the Selling Races of 39 sovs., tlic Prince of Wales Stakes (a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs, with 100 so n. adJed), a Handicap Hurdle Race, the Consola- tion Stakes, and a Hurry Scurry. It will thus be scon that tho stewards havo provided plenty of sport. | An ogg laid by a common barn-door fowl at , Ballaarat, weighed no less than three ounces and a-haif. j The Ballaarat Volunteers turned out in strong force on Thursday evening for the commanding | officer's parade. About 130 members including tho band wcro present. | The Term Court wns occupied during tho whole of yesterday in hearing nu nppcnl from the Ballaarat Court of Mine", in reference to n pioco of land claimed hj the Great Extended, Band of Hope and Koh-i-noor companies. The litigation had commenced in the inferior Court in J uly, 1801, and the case had been brought before tho Supreme Court in different phases on several occasions since. It lias at last become of so . complicated a nature that one company suggests , as, the only wny of getting out of the labyrinth in which they nre involved, to dismiss tho suits, thereby clearing the ground for fresh action. The decision nt present appealed against was pronounced by Judge Rogers on the 25th Sep tember last, as a quasi arbitration, but tho Band of Hope Company, being dissatisfied, appealed. Their Honours reserved their decision. Tho p irticulars published in the Otngo jour nals with reference to tho sale of Burke's pistol have elicited the following letter frcm Mr Alex ander Altkcn, "late officer in charge of tho aamels and stores of the Victorian Exploring party." Tho letter appears in the Dally Tele graph of 20tli November: — " Sir, — The story of a pistol — said to have been the one which the late R. O'Hnra Burke, the Australian Explorer, held in his hand at the time of his death — appears in your report of the Police Court proceedings of the 27th inst. The following facta will serve to show that some misunderstanding exists with respect to the identity of the pistol in question. 1 I was present when Mr Hewitt firit found tho remains of Mr Burke, nnd the pistol lie held in his hand at the time of his death laid in a patch of nariloo, alongside his remains. It was the property of Mr Wills, although it was in Mr Burke's possession at the time of his death. It had no such inscription as is stated in your re port, and it was the only pistol brought back by. the ill-fated explorers ; Burke's pistol (fur such is the name by which it is still known) was taken to England by Mr Wills'a father, and is now in the possession of the Royal Geographical Society. I nm, yours, etc., Alex. Aitken." James If. Muir, lately a clerk in Messrs J. Henty and Co's employ, appeared nt the Distriet Court yesterday to answer an information charg ing him with n breach of the second section of the Printers' Act, 8, George IV., No 5, by publishing a pamphlet entitled "The Refutation of a Falsa Report" without the printer's name being thereunto at tached. It appeared that the pamphlet was n strongly worded version of his dispute witli Messrs J. Henty and Co, and that he lmd sent copies to Mossr\ W. nnd II. Henty, Balfour and Stewart. The bench having decided that only one penalty could be gone for under the sum mons which had been served, the defendant, through his solicitor, pleaded guilty and was fined L20, or in default of distress was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Tlic defendant pleaded for a mitigation of tho penalty, as the offence wns committed in tlic heat of passion, nnd as four copies only had been printed. Tho bench, liowevsr, refused, as it was shown that some months before the defendant hod written to Messrs J. Henty and Co, stating hta intention to publish the pamphlet and disperse it " wbere- ever the Euglish language was spoken." A very handsome bazaar, under the'patronagc of Lady Darling, will be held, in the hail of the Mechanics' Institute, Emcridd Hill, during next week, — to open nt three p.m. on Wednes- lay. Tlic Indies of the Wesieynn Church have been very successful in collecting a great num ber of beautiful articles, and lias considerable sympathy has been excited in tlic public mind by th: calamity which happened to ttie new church during the late gale, it is hoped the financial results will be such as to materially lessen the increased responsibilities ot the trustees. A meeting , of the East Collingwood Rifles, convened for last evening for the transaction of geacrni business, was postponed to some future time, of which notice will bo given, in conse quence of tlic indisposition of the Captain, Sir Francis Murphy. From an advertisement in another column wo perceive that the proprietors of the Illustrated Melbourne Post have offered a premium of L5 for the best original Christmas song, set to music, for insertion in the next number of tlmt journal. With reference to the Intercolonial Cricket Match, we may mention tlmt the following tele- grain was received hy the Secretary of the Com mittee yesterday afternoon: — "Sydney, 27th November. — J. Younghushand, hon see. Inter- colonial Match Committee. — Association ad here to letters written in reply to Mr Biddle, and cannot now consent to play. — Joseph R. Clayton Town Hall." Although tho usual Intercolonial Match will hot take '-place, wo understand there is every probability of the Albert Club, the leading club of Sydney, accept ing the invitation of tlic M.C.C. to play a game during the season. Yesterday was a busy day at the City Police Court, tho list comprising twenly- fivo cases. Nicholas Doody, a drayman, for carrying o.vay sixteen bottles of porter from the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway shed among some waste straw, was sent to gaol for three months ; and Charles Hart an itinerant gardener, fir stealing a pair of shoes from Mr Hobson's house in East Melbourne, was sentenced to two months' im prisonment. John Simpson and Thomas Powell charged with taking twenty sovereigns from the pocket of John Russell, a miner, in tho bar of the Assembly Hotel, and two boys on a charge of obtaining money under false pretences were remanded for a week. The Botanical Gardens now present a most beautiful appearance. The sunshine following upon the late heavy rain9 has put life and ver dure into every plant, and at no period of the present year have the gardens borne so lovely an appearance.. Amongst the larger trees and shrubs, the English elms and the Indian while cedars arc the most prominent, the latter being covered with showers of lilac flowers, hauging in bunchis from tho branches. The close leaved pine of Chili (arauenria) also attraefs attention, as being remarkable far its peculiar foliage, and as being the largest of all the pine tribe, in its native country arriving at the height of 100 and 150 feet. The New Zealand toi toi ("orynocar- pus), a shrub with a large dark green leaf, nnd covered with masses of rich brown berries, is a remarkably beautiful plant. Amongst the larger trees may he seen the European and American maples. Going into the greenhouse, a creeper (Passlffora Kcrmesina), which from one stein covers the whole of the sides and upper portion of the house, bears a beautiful little flower, and draws the attention immediately upon entering. Another pot plant (Gesnera Macranthn), with e large scarlet flower and broad leaf, is to ho seen. A peculiar plant (Bilborgla vividlflora) yield ing a light green flower, and belong ing to tho pir:e apple tribe, may he seen near the entrance, and will attract atten tion from its peculiar appenranee rather than its beauty. In the palm house the fuschias are sure to be the first to he examined. The crinoline, white lady, and Princess of Prussia fuschias arc to be sccu covered with delicate " drops," and from their brilliant colours nnd the quantity of flowers upon each plant, these strike the eye immed'ntely. ilere too is to be seen the Abyssinian bannna,' which gives promise shortly to outgrow tiie bight of tho hothouse, and the stag hound fern, and the air plant (Cymhidium albuciflorum) of Queensland. Entering the aviary a most sati-factory state of affairs is to he observed. The business of laying eggs, and sitting thereon, seems to have received ail the attention from t'te canaries, and the goldfinches, end the spurro(v3, that so important an operation demands. In one compartment also may be seen the stately curassow and his mate, and in another the doves, one of which ingenious birds has mado her nest of some five sticks, and thereon proposes to carry on the proc. ss of incuba'ion. I To-day a grand concert, for tho benefit of tho I Meibourno Benevolent Asylum, will take place in the gardens, nnd this will doubtless attract ' numerous visitors, who will have nn opportunity 1 of both enjoying the music and tho many beauties of the gardens. | John F. Nokes appeared at the Ballaarat ' Eastern Pvlicc Court, yesterday, to nnswor a i charge of neglecting to provhlo suffi.-icnt food for his Infant child, Robert Nokcs. Mr Rabat said ho would withdraw tho charge, and the accused wns set at liberty. He was shortly afterwords arrested on a charge of cruelly ill- 1 treating and beating his child, and will appear at tho Western Court this day. | The match between eleven of the M.C.C. and eleven up-country cricketers was commenced on the Melbourne ground yesterday, and will be resumed to-day, at noon. As tho gime at pre sent stands, the former linvc a decided ndvan- ' tngc, having scored 110 with the loss of only 1 three wickets, while their opponents wore dls- 1 posed of for 78. Co stick, who lias nlre .dy scored 4G, and Wardill will bo first at tho wickets this morning. To add to the attractions of the game, Zeplin's hand has been engaged, and will play the following selection of music during the afternoon: - Overture, Italienne in Algire, Rossini; Remembrances on Peterhoff Valse, Gung'l; French Polka, d'Albert; Pot- pourri, from "Der Freischutz," Weber; Il Trovatore, quadrille, Chas. d'Albert; Pic Nic Point Schottische, Weinritter; Overture, "Bohemian Girl," Balfe; Duro Valso, La- bitski; Aria from " Tancredi,'' Rossini; Casino Polka, Schoecht; Liberty Quadrille, Weinberg; Dixie's Land Galop. A sergeant of police named Clelland was sum moned in the District Court yesterday, by John Kelly, for an assault on the night of the 21st inst. It appeared that the plaintiff's futhcr, being struck by a man on Saturday night, absut ten minutes to twelvo o'clock, opposite tho Royal Charter Hotel, the plaintiff had collared the man, when Constable M'Manus, seeing the disturbance, came up and attempted to induco the plaintiff to loose the man hy telling him his proper remedy for the assault. The plaintiff refused, and Sergeant Clelland coming up ho was taken to the wntchhouse as a disorderly. He complained that the sergeant was unnecessarily rough, and struck liirn a blow on the oyo. The ' defendant acknowledged striking him, hut inti- , mated thnt it was only in self-defenoo. The plaintiff had been fined on Monday for dlsor- : derly conduct. Mr Hackett dismissed the case, I remarking that it war a most trumpery one, and that tlic plaintiff deserved what he got. A man named John Turner, nt present em ployed ns cook and steward on hoard of tho Urania, now iyingat the Australian Wharf, was, with seven other seamen, kidnapped to join in a slaving expedition, which they refused to do, and were landed on Savage Island in the South Seas, from whence they made their way to Tutuila, end suffered innumerable hardships until they at length ranched Sydney. An ac- i count of this affair will be found in another column. I Among the matches at cricket arranged for to-day; in addition to that between tho Mel bourne nnd Up-country players, we notice the following . — East Melbourne C.C. v Press (first elevens), on the Press ground ; East Melbourne v Eastern Hill (second elevens), on the ground of the former; Brunswick v Esscntlon, on the ground of tho latter; Model Schools v Second Eleven Emerald Hill, in Richmond Paddock; Ascot v Eastern Hill, on the Ascot ground, — wickets to be pitched at 2.30 p.m. A scratch match between the members of the Lonsdale Club will also be played, on tlic Club ground. On Monday next the East Mclbonrne Club will play an Eleven from Cnstlemnine, on tlic Mel bourne ground, — game to commence at ten o'clock. In tlic District Court, yesterday, Henry Lowe, an elderly man, who said ha had served for some years in the nrmy nnd the New South Wales mounted police, was summoned hy Mr James Macfariane, immigration officer, for acting ns passage runner to a ship's broker without a license. It appeared that four men who had arrived from tho country en route for New Zealand, and had put up at tho boarding- house in which the defendant was employed, were conducted hy him to a ship broker nhmed Cohen, at whose office they took passages to New Zealand by the ship Lahore. The defence was that he was only directed by the kcoper of the boarding-house, his mastor, to show them the wny to the office. The defendant, however, failed to prove this to the satisfaction of tho Bench, and was fined 20s, witli 2s 6d costs, being allowed the alternative of forty-eight hours' imprisonment. A Carngham correspondent states that, as a Mr Giles was passing Sheward's hotel, on the old township, at eleven o'clock on Wednesday night, ids attention was drawn to nn object on the roof of the hotel, which, on first thought, struck him as a man bent on breaking into the house. On a closer inspection, however, it turned out to be an immense owl. Procuring a gun from Mr Sheward, Mr Giles returned to the spot, nnd found the bird had shifted its position to the chimney of the bil liard-room. Taking n correct aim, ho brought the owl to the ground. So fine a bird, botli as regards size and plumage, has never before been seen in the district, and it is Mr Giles' intention to have it stuffed and kcDt as a curiositv. To-night, at St. George's hall, Mr Edgar Ray will make his appearance before the public in a descriptive entertainment called " Christmas in Old England." The diorama, in tha paint ing of which Messrs Chevalier, I-Iennings, Grelg, and Froyberger have been employed, is certainly executed in a finished and artistic style. The pictures are each 1G feet by 12 feet, the drop scene being 2-2 feet by 16. This latter scene, pointed by M. Chevalier, is a perfect gem. It represents old Father Christmas sur rounded by the Dragon, and Jack the Giant Killer, and all the many familiar heroos of Christmas pantomimes nnd fairy tales ; while the jovial and hospitable character of the season is illustrated in the corpulent cooks and serving men, who are to he seen bending under tho weight of boars' heads and sirloins, huunches oi venison, and vast plum puddings. Tito grouping of tha many figures in this picture is very happy, and the whole sceno reflects the highest creilit upon tho artist. The second scene, " Gathering Misletoc," will recall old times to many who see it. This is followed by " Tho Carol Singers," painted by Mr Gftig, who cer tainly, judging from the result of his labours to be seen in this d'orama, has found his forte. " Bringing home the yule log," " the Waits," " Skating on tho Serpentine," " the Ghost story," " Snapdragon," and tho " Christmas Pantomime" (this last sceno being remarkably fine), follow each other in rapid succession, and in themselves give promise of a very charming entertainment. 