THEATRICALS &C; ROYAL VICTORIA The drama of " Pauline," originally played by Charles Kean,, waa produced with great.success on.Monday j' Mr - Warner making his last appearance aa tho,Count Horaos' i do B ea uprp on Monday, nnd Mr Burford succeeding him ¡ in tho part on tho two following tiighta; : Tho drama was; on tho, whole well played, particularly hy Mrs Poolo ond Mr Appleton, and excellently put on the stage, the scene' pf.the ''Ruins',' being particularly, effective, and consi-' ,durably, onhanced .by the moonlight effects,-int reduced-by' Mr Ouahla.'1 The1 stjenió department' pf tho tbeatrb, by tho corabincd oxertions. of, Messrs ,'Habbe and Burbury,, is w;orlby of every praise, sömo of tile liest epcoiuieus of the scenic nrt over seen io Sydney ; having ..rosiiltedi {¿oar 'tlicir.joint labours: , Tho-good "old comedy,~pf\\.''.Ways . and , Meiiñs," though somowhot out of placo ; as a lust ¿piocc,, went off with spirit, being judiciously castand ex 'cbllently. played. The..' úiobt 'striking^featurb^of the' '.comedy waa Mr, Musgmyb's Sir, -Davidj.Bundor,>liich' ' wda a genuine, unctious,"and rabyjim'persbnation of the' bid .school. '.' lió was ; ably, seconded, by. Mrs Charles' 'Jones, who is, by the way, .always 'correct' and pleasing in tho somewhat varied lino" ol' characters assigned to-' "lier, and iiót blwa'ys'ádiiptBdít^ ford, Appleton, Howard, rand Hhakor wore tho most poticoablo of the balance pf the dramatis persona;. The' rovival of " Medea" afforded Mrs Poole an' opportunity ; oC displaying-her .'great artistic abilities 'in a part with' ': which she hus identified herself; and the support ren-' idorod by:Messra Musgrave, Welsh, nnd -particiunrly Mr j Burford, greatly added to tho success of the prece. ? Mr' : Brynn's adaptation of'.'Aurora Eloyd," with the ghost ieffebts. followed: Medea on'Thursday with undimimshi'd PSUCCBSB. Mr Musgrave's "Sorty""ond'Mr Appleton's {James r.Conyors '. being especial^.'.exceUeiit. On Friday j'îiLudy'Audloy's Scoret,'" (also-judicioûsly ro-arrarigou i by¡ >Mr...BryuiO.. was ; ro-produoed' and' wont off with . gréât JP. eclat. ;&an; oven Von its first production. Mr 'Burford :wás:impassíbñod and earnest as tho- deserted1 UiusbnndiGeorgó.Tallboys j"hud>Mr Applcton;ns Hebert Audloy .Imd-al.pbrt for! *whioh ho' was admirably fitted, and interpreted tho different phases of tho character with ease and trutliftUncss"¿ The" Sir Miehsol Audloy of Mr Slusgra'vèJwas'Jn. accordance with thu original dia- meter-quiet íand-gbntlomaiily ; . and thc part of tho . drunken' 'Lulen ; Marks, found an ablo exponent in Mr -.IIUII.^-AB Lady- Audley- Mrs' Poolo had to pourtruy a' character demanding no ordinary powors of déclamation' und, feature, and when wo sav sha wo» fully equal to-* theso rcriuiroments, wo award nor no more than simple justice. Mrs': Joños i wliB piquant and lively OB tho " horsey, young lady,'.' Alice, but tho character itself is oitfWnnd impractical. Mrs M'Gowan WOB quiot and judicious as Phcobo. Wo goo a now oandidato for tho sutfragos of tho Sydney public is announced to appear ot tho theatro to-night in the person of Miss Harriet (Jordon,, o lady whoso reputation os a light comody and burlcsquo . aotross und accomplished vocalist is firmly established iu tho London theatres, and has boen aoufiruied by the' fovourobln verdict- of Victoria and Now'Zealand audi- ences. She ia accompanied by. our old friend Mr J. 1'. liyde.i, whoso re-appearing on t ho'scene of maiiy former' triumphs cannot but induce a hearty w-elcamo. Mr Warnor left for Melbouruo on Tuesday last, hearing willi' liim tho good wishes ol' numerous friends, who gayo hintf quit'i an ovation us th» Wonga left ibo wharf. 'j 