VI.—THE GOVERNOR'S SOUTHEASTERN TOUR. Since the arrival of the October mail, with its numerous reports of Ministerial and Parliamen- <*> tary sayings and doings all over England, Ireland, and Scotland, we have wondered that no " Constant Observer" or other watchful cor respondent has called public attention to South Australian deficiencies iv this respect. At home, though the Queen prorogues Parliament, hon. members find it necessary to woo the street I voices of their constituents in their various dis tricts, and Ministers deem it expedient to un fold their policy touching the great questions of the day. Sometimes it will be at an agricultural dinner, sometimes at a literary soiree, now it will be at the inauguration of a statue, and then at a gathering of tenantry. But whatever the occasion, or the excuse, occasions arise, and ex cuses are invented; in fact, the practice of leading politicians and Ministers of State availing themselves of public or quasi public opportunities to "pronounce" upon some topic of the day, is fast be coming part and parcel of responsible Groreru , ment. To those tired of the talk of the session, j who have been longing for the quietude of the ? recess, these supplementary discussions may be a great bore; but on the other hand good re ? salts flow from them, aud the time seems to hive passed and gone when statesmen could t ki-ep important public questions hermetically t sealed for half a year. During the month of j October last almost as many political speeches [ wfre delivered by members of Parliament in the United Kingdom as would have been de livered had Parliament been in session. As before remarked, we have wondered that the electors of South Australia have so tamely submitted to silence on the part of their repre ? seitatives; bnt lest their acquiescence in that ! silence might be considered uncomplimentary to ' the representatives in question, we will say no more. We may. however, remark, that even if M-P.'s are to be allowed to spend their vacation unplagued by politics, Ministers can scarcely expect to be indulged in the same unbroken taciturnity. Earl Russell goes to Blairgowrie to expound the Ministerial Foreign Policy, and the Law Officers of the Crown find opportunities to explain and vindicate the acts of the Executive. Thepeople are thus pretty nearly as well informedof whattheGovernment aredoingand purpose doing, as if Her Majesty's faithful Commons were in session, with some hundreds of vigilant guardians of public rights asking "if so why so, and if not why notP" But how different it is in South Australia. The session closed in gloom, and the holidays will pass away in darkness. But stay—His Excellency's southern trip lias shed a ray of light into the political darkness, and only a ray. The Governor, the Chief Secretary, and the Treasurer went as far as Willunga, where the Treasurer executed a masterly retreat, and undoubtedly escaped as many difficulties as his Chief met and vanquished. The good people of the South did not talk " Secesh " doctrine in the presence of the Queen's representative - but at the same time they dealt as freely with several vexed questions of local politics as if they were catechising candidates for their suffrages, instead of congratulating the Queen's representative. The Goolwa address to His Excellency glides by such an easy and natural transition from loyalty to Victor Harbor, and from attachment to the tlirone to attach ment to the jetty, that one might as well try to divide by accurate lines of partition the colors of the rainbow as to say where, in that address, arc the respective limits of the loyal and the local! His Excellency's various speeches whilst on this tour are most admirable as examples of official tact and caution. Yet though most guarded in their tone there is a frankness about them which evidently told well. When His Excellency remarked upon the restricted sphere of a constitutional Governor's functions, and of the necessity that existed for his referring all public questions to his advisers ; aud when after shielding himself behind the Executive he touched upon the responsibility of th-? Executive to the Legislature, he rendered it impossible for his hearers to presshim, individual]y,moreclosely. Even when informing the people that he might not be able to accomplish all that they desired, he effectually turned aside resentment from him self ; and when he said that he had come to in spect the district in order that he might be able to convey his own impressions to the Executive, his hearers felt that he could not do more. The Governor's sincerity when professing aa anxious desire to fulfil the wishes of the colonists is too manifest to be doubted, but the careful manner in which, whilst promising to use his personal in fluence, be avoids overstepping his constitutional prerogative, is most conspicuous. His Excellency expresses his individual' opinions caudidly and freely; but he keeps within constitutional bounds, and so is likely to make but few enemies whilst making many friends. The Chief Secretary was well received, although Mr. New-laud's compliments upon the Miuistry as a whole were not very high-flown, and the exclamations of some of the " indepen dent electors" were still less eulogistic. At Willunga the Treasurer divulged the whole secret of the Ministerial policy when he re marked that he was glad to get away from the " ghost of a Boad Bill," aud at Port Elliot the Chief Secretary summed up the programme of the next session in the assurance that his sole object in assuming the responsibility of office was to " serve his couutry." No doubt this is true; but why could not the honorable gentle man have made a Blairgowrie of Port Elliot, and have told the country how he meant to serve it? 