TBE CHURCH IN AMERICA.) | (From the Internet» Advirtittr, Mt; 1.) TnEms has just been published a volume entitled "Nice Months in tbe United States," bj the Bev. Dr, Pisob, pastor of the Preneb Evangelios! Church in Paris. Dr. J- ison arrived in the United StateB seven montbB before tbs commencement of Ibo »ar. and staved there two months after. Tbe object of bis journey and residence appesra to have been to see all that oould be seen of the people, and especially of their religious life. Two of the moat interesting o jap tars of his narrative are devoted to tbe " Religious Statistics of the United Slates," and tbe " Unity of tbe American Church," but throughout the book are scattered notices of the oharaoter of the reli. gious life in America and the influence w' io'i it exerolees over the national welfare and habite. Thus be explains one or two featares of political life by j reference to tl e rank wbioh religion occupies. " There is not," he Bays, " the smallest village that does not out the horizon with several belfries. And these eburohes, exceeding in number forly thousand, have all. been built and are maintained by private individuals. There must be extra, ordinary vitality in tbe religions feelirg of a country where religion has oonquered for itself the fiiBt place, in spite of many osases that t*nd to weaken it, and where the Stale systematically abstainB from render, lng it ar y assistance.". Dr. Pie oh |09B on to tell us tbat experience proves that the American solution of tbe religious question Is " as beneficial in its results as it is simple andlogioa)." How? First, in the extent of irs sensée BS:- , The aspect of Ametioi," Bays Dr. Fisob, " is . power, fal apology for Christianity. It numbera not leas than forty-four thousand Evangelical Churohec, belonging to five or six dietlnot groupa, wbo recognise not external authority. Beligioos thought aots with perfeot inde. I pendenoe. Theology is taught in bundredB of eeminaries hating between them no other tie than that of Christian j love, aid no other relations than thoBe of co-operation. : Yet in all theta plioes tba great doctrines ol tba Gospel are taught with equal dearness and vigour. These I oburcheB poseess in common the vital dootrinea of the Divine inspiration of the Scriptures, the fall of man, the Trinity, redemption by the atoning sacrifice of the Saviour, gratuitous salvation, jaatifioation by faith, re- generation ty the Holy Ghost. Ah I If we eigh after that day for our Europe when tbe Church shall be separated from the Stato, Jt is that we know how favourable this system is to tbe triumph of Christian troth.'» Further on wo sra presented with the fallowing valuable fads:-"Attbe oenBus 1850 there were 38,000 churches. Tbere are now forty-eight thousand. By couttiog one pastor for eaob ohnreb, whiob ia a small' allowanoe, we get a budget of £1,800,000 to meet the expenses of worship-that is to say, a budget thrioe the amount of that of Franoe-the fonda of which bndget are entirely supplied by the congregations. Besides this, the total value of these forty- jlght thou and churches is £23,010.000 sterling, whioh sam bas been subecribed by private individuals. Every year twelve hundred additional ohnrobes ara built, at a coat of -Sl.OOO.OCO. To this ia to be added tbe budget for superior inslrootion, whiob ia altogether supplied by private liberality, and also the budget of innumerable philanthropic' and religious eoolctios, which amount to I not less than £2 000.000. Next, Dt. Fisob indicates tbe unity of tbe Cburoh. '. Yon never bear of seotBin tbe United StateB," saya onr author, and be contrasta the genial, oonrtrooB Bplrit that characterises the ecclesiastical journalism of America with . the ' oarping habita" of European writers. " No one of them oan aay to tbe reBt, 'lam the Cbnroh, you »re Dissenter?." Where there ia no superiority there ia no jealousy," How tbis stats of things operates with respeot to the civil constitution to Church property, to marriage, to ministerial oharsoter, to theology,- end to public instruction sro rapidly reviewed ; the authors summary being that "while the Slate bas no reason to. oomplaln of the liberty allowed the Oharob, the latter baa abundant reason to congratulate itself. The American' Cbnroh deriveB from thiB liberty that vitality and inflaenoe whiab give it the superiority over all oburohes in tbe old world.'* 