A STAGE SCENE. A writer who has travelled extensively says that he witnessed rather a strange scene in Sbakspeares beautiful tragedy of " Romeo and Juliet;'' it was at one of tbe Western Theatres. The piece had passed off well without any interruption until the last scene. The character of Romeo wqs excellently enacted and loudly applauded. The very model of the lover was before the tomb of the Capulets, gazing upon the motionless form of her who had so attracted his soul, and meditating upon committing' an act which would send hi^spirit to that undiscovered conntry where he supposed Juliet's had gone. JH|t as he exclaimed, " Here's to love!" and af the game time raising the vial which contained the poison to his lips, a stalwart young countryman jumped upon the stage, seized him dashed the vial from his hand, crushing it into atoms, and yelling, " Yer darn'd fool, she ain't dead. Only been takin' a little sleepin' medicine. Didn't yer get the parson's letter ?" " Sirrah'." growled out the enraged tragedian, while the house fairly shook with laughter. " Why, yer gal ain't dead, I tell yer. The way it was, they wanted Julie to marry that chap tliar," pointing at Paris, " whose business you have just settled; but I tell you Julie war pluck—she get her back right up and vowed she wouldn't doit, even if while she war lying in the vault the ghost of the other feller whom you kilt should dash her brains out with the bones of some of her dead consins. Wal, her pluck war up, and she took the stuff the parson fixed; so she could play possum till you got hum. That's the waj' it war," replied the countryman, giving the desperate lover a tremendous poke in the ribs with his elbow, and at the same time losing his hold. " Hell's curses on the fellow!" muttered the raving tragedian, as he stalked behind the scenes. " Wal, now," said the countryman, fronting the audience, " if that ain't a leetle the meanest cuss I ever did see, hope to be swowed. Tint's all the thanks I git for stoppin' him from pizenin' himself. Hope to be tarnly swashed if ever I go to interfere again when a feller wants to murder himself," be continued, as he clambered back to his seat, just in time to prevent his upper story from coming in contact with the curtain as it de- scended.—American. Scrap Book. Dean French, in one of his valuable dissertations on the English language, makes the following apposite and amusing remarks respecting the omission and misuse of the letter H: " I pass from spelling to pronunciation. And, first and foremost, let me notice that worst of all faults, the leaving out where it ought to be, and putting in where it ought not to be the aspirate. Hundreds*, of stories are current about the absurd consequences of this vulgarism. You perhaps have heard of the barber, who, while operating on a gentleman, expressed his opinion that, after all, the cholera was in the hair. " Then," observed the customer, " you ought to he very careful what brushes you use." "Oh, sir," replied the barber, '' I didn't mean the air of the cd, but tbe hair of the hatmosphere." A briefless young barrister says that any lady who possesses a thousand acres of freehold land presents sufficient ground for attachment, A young lady in Lancashire being asked how she could .possibly afford, in hard times, to take music lessons, replied, " Oh, I confine myself to the low notes. " Take off yonr hat, man," cried a jndge to an amazou in a riding dress. " I'm a lady," was thevreply; " I'm not a man." "Then," said his worship, " I'm not a judge." If you are conscious of being green, and don't want folks to see it, try to be an invisible green. Question for a debating society—How-is it that mouths of rivers are larger than their heads ? -v Wanted to know?—If a clear conscience is transparent enough to be seen through with the naked eye j and also, whether people Eharpen their "cutting remarks" on "Lard words," On the Royal Marriage day a large flag wa6 fiung out from a tavern in Bristol, on which was this inscription: "A sandwich and a glass of beer for threepence.—Bless them both r Kiss in all its Varieties.—Buss, to kiss; rebm, to kiss again; pltiribus, to fciss many; xillyhus, to kiss the hand instead of the lips; blunderbuss, to kiss the wrong person; omvibvs, to lass all the persons in the room; crcbus, to kiss in the dark. At no moment of difficulty does a husband, knowing his own utter helplessness, draw so closely to Ms wife's side for comfort and assistance as when he wants a button to be sewed on his shirt- collar. 