AN AU.STEALIAN WAKE. . The ease of Ryan against a man rejoicing in. the unusual name of Abel Death was of this exfaaordi nary character. The reader may start— ras at first I own I did— when I found I had to deal with such a bill of particulars as, the following items, which disolosed that a man was summoned before me to pay for spirits drunk at his own wake, arid that 'the' waked man stood on the floor before me as defend- ? ant. The bill was of this character :— 'Abel Death, farmer, debtor to Philip Ryan, publican. For sundry spirituous liquors furnished for the wake of Abel Death, arid drank thereat, £3 10s; six. pounds of tobacco, pipes, arid cigars, £3 ; total, £6 10b.' The facts of the above case were tfeese: — Death, the de fendant) come home brie day, and was suddenly soized with a violent attack of deliriwn tremensJ Mrs Death became alarmed, and sent for the doctor, an ex-convict, residing at the neigh boring town seven miles off. The doctor was' quickly in attendance, and on inspection of the patient declared the' .base to be hopeless. He pro nounced it to present a complication of maladies' beyond his medicinal skill to cure. It exhibited, He ' said, manifestations of sanguineous apoplexy, cojn bined with half-a-dozen other incurable symptoms, not one word of which Mrs Death understood. However, it was enough for Mrs Death to know' that her Death must die that evening; and .the' doctor advised that the best thing that could be, done was to allow him to die in peace. For this purpose he recommended the patient should be reV.. moved to a barn or outhouse, and there laid upon a bed until the vital spark had fled. He was ac cordingly removed ; and Mrs ; Death, desii'ous that every honor after the fashion of her country (Ireland to ,wit) should .be paid- to' her Death, told the doctor there should1 be a ' fine wake ', that ; night., To. this ,the' dootqr assented, and moreover accepted an invitation to; form one of the party to attead the wake. As it would have taken some time to go to town and purchase the 'funeral bakemeats,' or rather the funeral-beverages, Mrs Death prevailed upon the doctor to write' an order to a publican in town tb furnish suitable supplies as speoified in the above bill of particulars. . With this requisition the ' dqotor compliedj and towards evening the messenger came back with the goods as ordered. A hasty visit to .the natierit found him motionless, with his eyes closed, — symptoms, ns tha doctor said, that usually precede the calamitous' event at hand. It was Agreed' amongst the party— consisting of Mrs Death, the .doctor, and four or fivo conviot-servants inDeath's employ— that tho presence of Death should be dispensed with, and that they, should woko him by proxy. Accordingly, a bed was placed in the room of tho house in whioh they assembled, on whioh Death's body was supposed to be placed as 'a pleasure of the imagi nation.' The other parts of the ceremony, wore complied with etriotly. The tobacco pipbs and opmt bottlea wovo ig constant rociuiflitiqa tiirburju but the night, -and -tha : intemperate carousal lasted until, mornings By that time the party fell asleep, and by that timdalsb Death rediviviti was restored :tb his senses.. He had a sound sleep ;,tbe sudden and severe attack of deliriwn tremem which he had provoked bythree days' booze at a neighbor's house abated, and he was soon ,' hiinself again.', He got up,' and on entering his house was astonished at the display , . of bottles before . him, and not less so .by tiie number of sleep ing partners , i in ?? Ms V ? establishment. They ,wbke up, and were a^fir^t inclined to take him fbr.a ghost, ,as they had looked upon the doctor as an in fallible prophet, whose prediction of Death's death that: night was 8ureto/be, verified.. He was deter mined,, howeyer,; to convince, them, that it was no ?ghost, Jbut Death himself. ' He seized the poker, for offence.or defenc.e,ras.'the; exigency of the occasion might .requnrejarid soon. brought the wtiple party.tb ,&eu;%pearings..:Qri these 'facts bein^ proved with as much gravity, ^'rtte nature1 of tiie case admitted, I dismissed jheclaun against Death', adding, to the plwritifPs inquiry, «' who was topay for the liquor ?' ' I ? suppose the .party yhp ordered it.' ' On this .hint he ,; spake.' ..' , Six.' months after , wards, in . : . ; the .' same ' eircuit town, . the .doctor, figured as the defendant at the suit of the same plaintiff for the' saine items. The -doctor's defence was that he only obeyed the bidding of Mrs Death in writing the order ; |bttt I held that, though the doctor was. protected. as to any medical prescrip ,tioh he might write,' yet; he had no authority to drench. Mrs Death and all Death's men .(the doctor inclusively) at his patient's expense and spirits. Ac cordingly, I made him pa^ the bill. The only honest claim he had upen his patient was for rendering Vn'ni the service of leaving him ' alone.-^ Reminiscences of Thirty Tears' ' Residence in. New Sduth Waleis and Victoria.. By - E. 'llierry, Jfisq.. 