PEDnsTTrAN MiMATCrH AT'S}EA.-DEERFOOT AND RA?Fra'rx'T.-Durling tile recent passage of the Great Eastern hrion England. to New York there was a continual successiohi of sports. games, and diversions amonig th'pimts sengers and the crew. With a first-rate course roped out on dock, the sports were held nearly every day in fine weather after the passengters had got their sea-legs on board. Running matches, purses for wallking, jln ping in snelt, steeplechases on all fours, and the que'er diversion, called "coekfighltig," prevailed. The whole was concluded while thie ship wa coming up the Sound with a race for a ipurse, between the Indian, Louis Bennett (Deer foot), and IMr. lafl'erty, engineer's steowird. The distance was three times round the dlek (about three- quarters of a mile). At, 10 o'clock a.m. on Wednesday, May 27, the pedestrians appeared 'at the starting-place. Deerfoot was the favourite, although untused to the sea and to running on planks, where Raflerty, who is accounted a capital pddles trian, was quite at home. Doerfoot won by 10 yards; time not taken. - LarYn T rin: GuiOs'r.-lFormerly all -the world believed in ghosts, and even l\ow fiJth in the " bodiless creations" extends beyoidi the precincts of' the nursery. From thou to time the public mind hias been excited by rumours of the appearance of the injoysteoiis visitants during the hours of dtl'kliess in aL blood-stained mansion, in a yawning chmuch yard, or on a " blasted heath." And to casionally they Ihave obttruded their suppo.~dl " incorporeal essence" upon the inhabitants: of popullous villages anth towns. The ftuiliu.i Cock-lane gho;t was Ia notorious exaplllk' of such impertinence. It hats, however, been clearly proved that all thse creations were Ineither " bodiless" n, ii' "iucorpolreal," and that they were nothling more thlan iuischicv ous fleslh and blood realities. But whaetviaf ll we say of the ghost which now regularly piresots himself before lahugo and bewildered audiences in Regent-street, London, bly day as well as by night ? W\Va there ever ghost like this ? 'You are doubtless aware that he has recently been puiirchtsed in prqpria per sona, or in duplicate, by a distinguishled theatrical mantageor. 11e is au admirablo specimen of an unmnistakable, most truly in substantial ghost. You may appartently walk through him, yet without the least dis turbing his composure. What is he ? . Let us see. Ito is nothinig more than the re flected image of a brightly illn minated object. living or dead, from the surface of a flat piece of glass. The lights are lowered, and the spectators are in comparative darkness. The curtain is drawn, and discloses a dimly illuminated chamber: called a study, and there you behold the studelnt, a living man, walking to and fr'o. This person is actually behind a large sheet of plate-glass, no larger indeed than is to be seen in many a shop window. The object to be ghostified is concealed in front of the glass, and is brilliantly illuminated by the well-known lime light. In accordance with the law of optics the image of' the object is reflected from the glass to the spectator, so as to seemnt to them as far behind the glass as it i,.really in front of it; and they, owing to the ob scurity of the chamber, are unable to .detect the source of illusion. The arrangoenent is ingenious, and does credit to the institution where the the exhibition takes place. I have heard philospohers of high distinction at tempt to explain the illusion by the use of the concave mirror, andt the reflection there from of an imago upon floating dust or vapotre in the air. As this ghost is a great favourite wvith the public, you main probably not ob. ject to insert this history in your columnus. But, Sir, lot me add, our ghost, it is repourtdl is protectedby a patent. Fancy a patel; ghost I What next P-Times Correspondlent. NATAL is crying out for more labour, and hits sent, instructions to its agents at Calcutta and gLMadras to embark 500 coolies for Durban. This is a lcurious movement when viewed in connexion with the filet that there are 180,000 Zulus in Natal. The natives in that colony are averse to labour, and the Goverll ment arrangements are not sufllieieuiy coercive. 1'Pr liaps thile Government is afrahli t b, be :uythiimg buit lenient in dealing with so large at botly of' savages, while the Europeans are so fe''-onlyl 18,000-ait I while the milllitary forcu Is so small, stercely a thmn sald mtit, volunteers Included.-Grahmin's .e l'ow Journal. Nsono PrATrrn.-"' Oh Lord, we thank Theo fior tie beautiful an' do 'ligioun leslsons we hluh, li mornhtl', an' specially tdis clminl', reiebe,l 'from iL? pmouf ob our reberenll pastor, M~Iake us toi'mletiher o' strtiontls which we hab ills day heard. An' nit lese heah coloured pussonls ilt are here presen, we pray,0 Lord, dat you will mInke 'enll knlow dte arrow it'leir ways. An' tIll dose hiaht young Ilndleis tit are now.',cmblod togovver to pray to thte, on' to. slitg thy great pratso front all du diarts of ills big Iidmrhnm' city, tturn delr hearts to theeu, An' dtoso leanl young lllen, wlo is gwittllue straitght down Ito do firo dait iurens slthout blowln', dat'll catchl ,em ni' seoch 'em.-L-ft, in thlie S?uih ; (roel the Conee:trc ment qf the tic r. By a Blockatdctl British Slulbje6ct. 