TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (From the Melbourne papers.) SYDNEY, Wednesday. We learn from Brisbane that the English mail has brought offers of knighthood to Mr. Elliott' the Speaker of the Assembly ; Mr, O'Connell, the President of the Legislative Council; and Mr. Cockle, the Chief Justice. Mr. Elliott declines and the others accept. . Mr. Forster, for East Sydney, and Mr. Holroyd for Parramatta, have been re-elected unopposed. The alleged deficit in Treasury accounts has excited attention. It is asserted that the errors, if true, will not alter the late Treasurer's statement as the errors arise in accounts between the banks and the Treasury, and merely reduce the amount of available cash. ' At the half-yearly meeting of the Bank of New South Wales a dividend of twenty per cent, was declared: United Insurances, dividend nil; New South Wales Marine also loses on the half-year's business, but pays a dividend of five per cent, from reserve. An inquest was held at Carcoar to-day on the body of Burke. ' Smith and Banks, of Melbourne, have obtained the contract for erecting a pile bridge at Deniliquin, to be finished in August. Friday. " Rumor, on good authority, asserts that Whitton, chief engineer of the Railway, department, has tendered his resignation, which Government de-' dine accepting till the inquiry directed by the Assembly into the state of the department terminates. The Ministry refuse confirming the last batch of appointments of the late Ministry. More cases of bushranging are reported in the , northern district. The police and the bushrangers exchanged shots unsuccessfully. The conflicting statements regarding the revenue are still much canvassed. Eagar intimates his intention, in framing a new financial > scheme, to consider local industries. ADELAIDE, Tuesday. Mr. Waterhouse has defended himself in the Legislative Council against the charges of the Melbourne Age respecting the Moonta mine. The Appropriation Bill has been read a first time in the Assembly. J> The Thomas Brown has arrived from Foo-chow, , with a cargo of tea. . Wednesday. The Assembly has declined voting grants of land in North Australia to Stuart's party The Council has passed through committee the Payment of Troops Bill. There are notices of motion in both Houses that the collect son of Murray duties be continued. The South Australian Insurance Company have agreed to effect marine insurances. No risk exceed- ing ¿e3,000. Flour, £12 10s. to 12. Wheat, 5s. 3d. Several thousand bushels sold. Thursday. The Appropriation and the Northern Territory Bills, have passed the Assembly. The Governor is suffering from rheumatic gout. Friday. Parliament has resolved to continue the collection of duties for New South Wales, and the correspondence is re-opened with Victoria. Townsend sold the greater portion of the cargo of Thomas Brown. Sago, Sold. ; tea-seed oil, 5s. 6d. per gallon. The Assembly has adjourned till the 10th of November. The ghost at the theatre is a failure and is with drawn. The Pi insula from London, spoke the City of Dunedin, steamer, bound for Otago, lat. 7deg. N., lon. 25deg. W. 