THE NAGGLETONS ON MOVING. The Scran represents the listinguished Con ple at Breakfast in their house at South Kemington. Mr. N. (with dthe 77me). The news from America is interesting, but ebiefly in a politi. cal point of view. The Democrats, who, as I explained to you Mlrs. N. I do not wish to bear anything about Democrats. lily Papa always said that they were low people, who wished to subvert the Altar and the Throne. Sir. A. But as there is no Throne in the United States. Mirs. N. Ah ! that is just your vulgar habit of word-catching, which, excuse me, Ilears, is quite apart from the manners of good society. I do wi'h you could take a little example fromn .Ma. S~orTCsrrt. Mr. N. ('jngJ to be risien, but rotlraining dim.self into ricio,,ness). I shorld like noth ang better, for he is going to lirussels. lMrs N. Mas. Slorcus.rr is to be envied. She enjoys life. r. A. (maliiously). You can enjoy it precistly in the same way, my dear. Mirs. N. I, llea.sr. No. I am not com plaining- Mr. W: 'That's a comfort. Mrs. N. But to compare the pleasurable excitement of Mias. ?xolrcur.sr's life with tay monotomous existence is perfectly absurd. MSr. N. Comrparisors are odious, my dear, and so is bad tempe r. But I merely meant to say that on the present occasion Mass. fisrrrcrtvlr's pleasurable excitement will be derived fromn reading the letters her husband may write her from abroad. Sirs. N. le-writes beautiful letters, for he is a man of polished education, and it is de lighltful to read them. And it is very con siderate of him not to drag her abroad with hint in this uneertain weather. AMr. N; One man may steal a horse and another is hanged for looking over a hedge. Mrs. N. I have heard, that wise men make proverbs, and-those who are not wise Tnen-- quote them. I do not affect to under stand your meaning. MIr. N. No, there is no affectation about you, everybody knows that. I mean that sxonrcnLr.r is praised for leaving his wife at home, while I was abused for doing the same thing. ?lrs. N. That is what a man calls an ar gument!' The weather during your Plaris trip was lovely. Mr. N. It raitned four days out of six. Mrs. a. The Paris letters in the Times did not say so, IlrIsr, but I havetno wish to con vict you of deceit. WVe have more important matters to speak of. Mr. N, More important than my character for honesty and truth, Aladamn! i' hat do you mean by that? iMrs. N. Do not be so violent. Suppose the children heard you. Mir. N. hlow can they hear me, when they are in their breakfast-room ?-you talk non sense. Mrs. N. Wives always do, of course; do not the "Flips" hold that as atn article of be lief? luIt this wrctchedly built house allows everything to be heard front one room to another, and that brings Ine again to what I wanted to say. Have you given notice to the landlord? AMr. N. Notice of what, that we can hear through ilis walls? Mrs. N. (f/rmly). Notice that we leave this house at Inady-day. AMr. N. Csrtaitlly not, because we don't. Mrs. N. Ifh.?nr! Mr. N. That is itmy mnme, .1AarA. It was given nus by irty godfathlers and godlnothers at my bajtimon. Mrs. N. I IOtust lieave the room, of course, if you indulges in sucth lproulano laiigiuage. Mir. N. Is that the way to rpeak of your eatehism, MAits. NAotnl.ro,'? I thouigliht you knew lbett.r things. Mrs. N. IlI?ar, l,: .erious if possiibly, not for miy slake, I should rinot think of mhnirtiss Ing iyselif, but fur that ofit the chilldren for whorni you Irofe.s IsoAm regardl, arid fr whoon, whetther you cur., for ttilils or tlnt, thl' world explrts you to sihs,.v sreine, ctni'lslrn tiont. It is urtissssly to go offil i j,-'rs lii jests wheitn it wile' i, tiikig t, o)uu fr th:ir healtht arnd lsppllins. lir, N. Youi lhive suaid tit'.ing utnust tti. health. As for ti, ir hippini.s, thiat .hliout of laughing - ther, it g.,.;,s ag in -do1.es not see-si to say Itia t thliy sare par licularly i?ie ralie,. Mri. N. A cthild is il sit up o it ~ickl: d and laugh. Mlr, N. Yei, ait i lidutor like. l' .it (ilns.v ous, andl will iu, s)ty'. Now, siff yoIi llritsg t l qit it, l'l IIs (an .rit.Vo,t lto s '. Msrs. ,', W it.out tJi..i ". tsg sie, nit if oEslling a prioleIo..-I l rilis. i-1 11I. llll (O itAvIits st it vulg.,r slk iin tllli, I i-pi It nlihth r is ii r, it. i t, n of t l it ili e h , id . Mr. N hIl modl that Ilsisopto un is s ri lulxing ailr. IMrs. N. Io h .ai, thhit 1Ii stir of ?iso h KXussington iu, rtssi-gi Air. N Wll ':t ati,.i.l, Wl1'ss, r s ltl , s k h youl. 'us tr. , ill Ii ltn, i t sol I tilll t tha, ll.itsce HSuuh h s. iin,.t n till oslsigt you, , "sui ...s di . Io i, i t 1 .o ,i, li.t. 1 A ro. N. (i?r tn- ly). it h.l,, tih t I us iow it I suite's duiy. It s - 1ti. , li t ihe loti which hi s 't hsihth lt u tliiy losI is , i"rt i hl rI ..I l lily ., i AMrs. N. Y's.. elr. N. IWl-l, I 55lI--- sitt 'r silil. AIr., Ni. Ili'sti?, it Is stIll tiit yssu sh.t shitt.;- i l'fi- lsi ssiljsst ithiss. li t is sits ti n uts., si.luiit-t' till sits iS lst-thtr it is itu, nt ysu lh lu in.i4.#l on emoring lcre, sad lawtfber I did eot ,he-*h for a holse lower down. Mr. S. .Ye, at two bhundred and trn gui neas a year. To do you justice yar did, but ,.one ct way not insane, )It*. . I am left utterly in the dark as to my bh?band's means, and it is manly in him to reproaeh ome with baring Ixlicred in Lit own aceneate of hit prosperity. Mr. Nr. (tmerly). None of ibst nonnene, ast At, if you plear.. I put up witb a good i d a, but not with downright falehood and njusttice. We should have been timply mad to take that bouse. I took this to please you. row, wlhre dho you weart to go next? Mrs. N. (y-e.t-hadLerdrcief pratic). I have no wish,, llaNr. It matters little to me where I spend the temaiwder of my exi. tnce, and as I have said, it it s-y duty to remain with you. L-t it be so, and do not give the notice. But I have also a duty as a mother, and I cannot tee nly chillren tallin: awar under (treasnldos stout from tAe child ten in the next room, and clltter). 3Ir. N. Palling awayr 'lr tthe table--ro on. I hope IuL?Ktrrr basn't bumped her head, though. (Another dsAet). No, all right. Go on with your description of their miery,. my lear. Mlrs. N. It is in vain pleading to hardened levity. I will merely say that it we remasin here, I shall arrange to send the boys to Leomionter, to their uncle, Euex.zrs to my counio at Mold, and I dare say that Masnma will receive Crctuxw. You need not look to alar.ed-whatever pecuniary compen.atiu may be necessary I will retrench from ty own comforts. Mir. N. B?rXttryr shan't go to 1Mold, the boys shall remain at horne till they ar.. old enough for ilarrow, and as for SrLLA.sIs, you ought to be ashamed of your.ll for thInking of turning her out of the Iouse. birs. Sr. It is you aho torn the poor child out, and cast her on the mercies of Mr. N. Of your )lMama, eh? You did not mrean tbht, old girl, but you've just said it. No, we'll not iate SVLt.uaLas brought up on ghosts and Cslvinia,. airy. N. Manma's per.uasinns- Mlr. N. -'ersuunsion', no. by Jove. That's ot.ihe word. I don't think she wasted much ne in persuading It r children, especially if e their ears were within reach. Srt.L.AnUa don't go there, and that's Medo-Peride, MAara. Mrs. N. We sill discontinue the converta tion, if ) ou pI.ase, until L have had time to consult with may brother Coanaal. Air. N. While you are about it, consult c himn about a cheque he borrowed of me on 'ruesday, and was to have returned the day before yesterday. Consult your great granduaother! Well, it you and P'?ena (GR.ITroUs sav we must go, exernt th e Nag- gletons. Now, then, where ar we so go Io ? 3Irs. N. Where you please, but in the fir t place remember that our moving at all is all your own doing, not mine, and that I have offerred to make every arrangement that would enable you to remain here. 31r. N. I like that. And take away my children from me-what the lawyers call the rule in SIEr..er's case. .Mrs. N. Iteally, it you will attempt what you think wit, it should be new. You tried that speech before Mla. WV.?mssoAu WVAcutm, and he pointed out that you had made a ridi uslous blunder. ar. N. You have a pleasant memory, dear. I ask youl where you want to live. Mrsa.N. I answer that it is for you to decide. Mr. N. I know what that means. Well, I saw a bill up in one of the smaller houses in Russell Square. 1'11 look in as I go into the city. Mtrs. N. (tearfally). The truth is break ing in upon nme, li?sar. I will bearit as well as I can, but a woman's nature requires some allowance. iMr. N. Certainly, and yours is twenty pounds a week, not a:batl allowance for any woman's nature. AMrs. N. Yea, yes; and your incessant harp ing on that incomne confirms all my forebod ings. You are going down in the worldl Confess it to your wife, Ilasar. We women bear these things more bravely than you think, only tell me all. AMr. N. (in ans intense rage). fly Jove, if I were to tell you all that is on my tongue, yous would hear something. What do you mean? Mlrs. N. There I I am calm you shall see no more tear'. (Pocket, her Ih,,dkerci,./). Now then. .We must give up this hou,e you say, and retire into obscurity. And altlimough you have not said so, you wish to save the ex penses ot a place of business. I see your meanlng dear. Yes, lrftar, perhaps that will be well, and as lturtrll '-(quare is in the heart of the city, your stockbrokers and silk nmerchants and all that sort of people could corne there after you. I rulrt give up the lower parts of the hou'e, but jrrhaps yon would not mindl letting then ring the area bell. Never b al'r'id to trust a eif;, lIte ar. You shall ev how I will hulp y, oin retrench tment. I will give im) canary tirtlr to II s.,.a Der.Irtv. this veryv aft,:rnoo, awl tlhe chliltdren ,.ball he gradually broughlt to atree to part with /Iloppy. (Gve the notice., dear, and look at the house. .1lr. N. (who has beet turniing several co, lours, but none of tlher plearinr to tie eye, trld who ni?v spe:aks i a lor,,, ,ubi ded voice:,. Leing afraid to trust hris tongue ust, it should t,,ll into ttie fietl of rad lanigriage). ,las. NAnoI.I .i.ian, there is oir, htier,: whieh worirli suit )'yiou itultrrriiiion rrly "Ail., trit voiii i'niiV tin: railorayr, nirrar tiiiiate. It ar ramLlrt, .1lalitr, lhe A *ylurii for Il iirt-. [II, rushes rut of thr mrrrr, rai ril, ti }ir.r- If into what he canll.? his " .tilu'." +l N.Arari.+IiTi re' witth s tuirirmphrsiit 'eln., tk nit i.,1gg ." falr thre iid nirid ,rirrer, anr d lilatr:rs thr an tI re h tier. /Ilreiirlr pint ti wlri,'h rhie irlir ly reumrsr, a T'lrraer itt flI iii I'ark I;arid.r;. Wt: wr ,iier 4 hlrtlher we shall meet her there --I.,,rdl, 1m/i'.. !. 