ADELAIDE. Notice teas given in the Assembly of the adop tion of the recommendation of a seicct committee in reference to Mill's Claim. Moonta .Mines. Shangrony's motion, on the re-organi-ation of the Volunteer Force, was mgatired by a majority of 13. The Jc>ckey Club publish the reply of Admiral Rons, in regard to the rule for the Newmarket Cup, at the Thebarton Autumn Meeting. He says that their' conduct was decidedly dishonest. b;it the stakes must be paid over as the horse came in first. The Club agree to this, but have disqualified Ijickford from running any hor;e during the ensuing summer meetings. Ttie horse pulled ...?as the property of Hurtle Fisher, entered in Bickford's name and trained by nim : Bickford instructed the .Jockey to win with his. and not with Fisher's, horse. Sale of flour, i'14 to £1-5 ; 10s. freely offered for wheat. ACCIDENT.-Shortly after midnight on Thurs day. a railway laborer named James Mayne, was brought to the Hospital suffering from injuries said to have been caused by a fall down the cui tin:r at the head of Williamson-street, on Monday nisht. On his admission to the Hospital, it was found that his left leg was fractured below the knee, and that the upper part of bis spine was so severely injured as to cause complete paralysis of the lower part of the body. This is t he second or third serious accident which has occurred at the game place. * LAST TVobds.-Col. Anderson sent the follow ing highly complimentary letter to Captain Skene, on the eve of his departure to his new sphere of action in Auckland : " Victoria Volunteer Office. Melbourne, 18th of September, 1S63.-Sir,-I have the honor to ac knowledge the receipt of your letter, tendering your resignation cf your command of the Sand hurst Rifle Corps. Pending the acceptance of it by his Excellency the Governor, you have leave to proceed to New Zealand. f take this oppor tunity of expressing my entire satisfaction a: the manner in which you have conducted your duties and the care you h-ive given to the Government property. I regret much your departure from the Volunteer Force: and feel sure that you will do it credit in the field under Colonel Pitt. I have the honor to be. Sir, your most obedient servant, W. A. S. ASDEKSO.V, Col. Volunteers. Captain James Skene.'1 The .WIDOW'S FCND.-A meeting to form a ] Sandhurst committee, for f.e purpose of collecting ( funds on behalf of the destitute widows and chil dren of Thonn^ Noonan, Michael E^an. and John Lynch, old Bendigo miners, who were killed at toe Shotover diggings, New Zealand, was held last night, and in another column will be seen the names of those appointed to receive money. The benevolently disposed will thus have an oppor tunity of contributing to the assistance of those . who really need it. OLD NEWS--The Melbourne papers contain ihe report of a rush near Huntly, from the official ; pen of Mr. G. W. Hart, mining surveyor, and ; lurnished by him to the Minister of Mines on the I 14th instant shows nothing fresh, nor is it so | full ')f information as our own report, published | on the 3rd instant. The opportunity afforded to j the mining surveyors of giving their views on the ! progress <5 the goldfields, under sanction of the | Government, is no doubt satisfactory, but a little more alacrity might be shown in supplying the in formation. SUNDAY Sf.BVICE is THE Tiieatbe-The Rev. Mr. Taylor, lately from California, is announced to preach in the Lyceum Theatre on Sunday j evening next. Mr. Taylor has a reputation for i eloquence and earnestness. The working men ot Bendigo have, we observe, been invited specially to attend. . MR ROSS MACABTSET ha-, as will be seen by an extract from the Axe, made the best total score of all the ten selected to contest with the Sydney champions in rifle shooting. We trust our townsman will maintain his prestige. BANQUET TO DB. JBackhaus.-The Hon. J. F. Sullivan Has. we understand, agreed to preside at the dinner to be given to Dr. Backhaus on Mon day evening Lyceum THEATRE.- To-night, we see, the Ghost and the magical Professor, Mr. Bcbiller, will make their last appearance in Sandhurst The tnireex mysterietue* of the Ghost have been better and more fashionably patronised during th» last few evenings than on the previous occasions of his appearance. The professor of magic has added some novel and very extruordinory deceptions to his already numerous mystifications, so that the theatre will no doubt be numerously attended on this the last of the engagement. The introduction of the "flying hankerchief,1' by the Wizard, is alone a deception worthy oi being teen. ACCIDENT.-On Thursday afternoon the driver of i cart belonging to Mr. Charles Osborne, of Kan- , garoo Fiat, was coming down View-place, when 'lis cart knocked down, and the wheel ran over (he leg of a little boy named Donald M'Kee. ON raising the boy from the ground, it was found th-it 'ie had providentially escaped with a few bruises. Some kindly disposed bystanders couveyed the boy into Air. Harris's chemist's shop, where his hurts having been attended to, he was sent home in a cart to his parent's home, at Ironbwk. 