MELBOURNE. (from our own correspondent,:)! the Common Schools Act and its administration nrc daily producing increased embarrassment to tho Ministry. Sir James Palmer has been appointed t'» ihu Commissioners!) ip rendered vacartt by the dwith ol the late 0, J. Orilfitli Esq. Immediately, sifter this lamented gentleman's decease, the authori ties of the Church of England .submitted to tho Go vernment tho name of Sir William Stawell as I heir rt'prtsrntative, and the Independents, Baptists and others put funvar1 the claims of Mr. Robert Smith win), it will be remembered, was once before nomi. ntitetl without success by Mr Heules and bis parti sans The Chief Secretary, however, by a dexterous move, offered the vacant office to Sir Jurats Palm* r More it was possibly that any candidate could be nominated be either of the bodies in question and Kir .lames exhibited no small amount of alacrity in wguining his old position, and a strong reluctance to have his appointment, kept in abeyance—both t' e Church of England and Independent todies, there tore, were refused what they felt themselves secure of Retting, Their mortification at hearing of the ap pointment was something ludicrous, for Pulmer was j the bone and sinew of every thing anti-denomina | tionnl, the head and front of the Dean's great bug ij hear—uatUMial education. The Presbyterians too^ | wliu seem to regard llarvey as anything butaroprc | svr.tmive, were in high dudgeon at finding tho 3 McUalloch ciun aiding and abbetting tho said | Ilarvt-y's nefarious schemes for the extinction of reli I ri'"n, by the appoiulment of so staunch an opponent i ol swttiriunUm. A deputation consisting of Dr. | and a few other malcontent deuominational | i^ts, waited upon ihe Government wiih a view t» j "|»p»sing the appointment of Sir James, but, unhap j !% the mi.chief was done, and Sir James wes en | j°)'ing the jol;e Under the circumstances strenuous } >ia>asurcs are to be resorted for altering the Common" |1 Act at once. Three large sections of the yuiuii)tmitv, the Church of England, the Presbyter ■j ions, and the Independents looking upon it with the 1 umiost disfavor. Tho Koman Catholics are known ; t0 acctpt it only until its administration trenches ! , lIpon thtiir* ijocullar empire when they break away j without warning or remorse Indeed for some time Pjst they have been quietly preparing to undertake , the responsibility of conducting their schools with 0tl' state aid. Thoy have now a department and ^lueutiunal committee, a secretary and inspector, una ■f u (1* I'nles. The Wesleyans look with huliflurence ■ uPni> the measure, but hope for change—which can u»t hut advantage Ihem. ^ he ghosts now exhibiting in Melbourne are the most absurd representations of disembodied spirits i'ussibk'. A sheet of common plate glass is placed ; u!10» the stage, and oppnsi'o to it in one o* the wings Marge strong mirror. A fignro standing before tho mirror is reflected in it. and this reflection is again thruwu by the mirror on to the plate gluss to which *'ll! ghost is confined, and on which he is compelled to play his strange fantastic tricks The delusion, \i o olumsy an invention deserves the name, is ratlior ludicrous than appalling, for lis ghostship 19 as good a representative of a bundle of rags or n Jock- in- the greon as he is of a disembodied spirit or a denizen of Cock Lnno The Eastern Provinco election is productive of no percoptiblo amount of excitement in the metropolis Hanna is looked upon generally as the winning horse, but to iny mind Pinnock ought to be the man, and for this reason: Ilanna is a thorough g od prac tical man, but full of business and the time icquisite for studying political questions and discharging the duties of an Upper flouso senator ho could ill spare WhereaB Pinnock ^has literally nothing to do unless to stand at the gate of his red bridh mansion and watch the cars, and ogle the passengers, whilst lie puffs the sweetest and strohgest of Royal Ilavtmniths Tho life of a senator is just the thing for him—easy work, gentle debating, plenty of flattery, and the society of those charming gastronomes who throng tho Melbourne Club If a representative should be a man of substance, physically and inetaphisically, an upright magistrate, a hospitable host; a good judge of port, an epicure, and a man of leisure, then no more suitable candidate can present himself to tho electors of the Eastern Province than C D Pinnock. Esq The mayor's fancy ball is creating a sensation beyond what could have been anticipated, and the characters selected by some of our celebrities will, to some extent, be appropriate enough For instanco F'awker is going as Anti Christ, Catliio as Solomun, and Ileales as tho Wheel of Fortune, Duffy as Cin cinatus, Ireland as a Pharisee, and Don as the publi can, Mackay as the Gay Deceiver, Verdon as Lawt McLellan as Pandora, and a host of others too nu merous to mention in equally suitable characters I cannot vouch for the accuracy of the rumors which assign the above characters to the individuals men tinned, but tlieir adaptability is uuquestionablo Miss 0'Shanass3', the eldest daughter of the late Chief Seoetary, is to be married early next month to Mr N Fitzgerald, tho brewer of tho famous Castle mainc ale It is rumored in connection with the approaching farewell banquet to His Excellency dint 0110 of the striking features of the feast will be the absence of some of our leading men in political and so cial life That Sir Henry has undergone a long course of snubbing from his neighbors at Toorok is to be regretted, but that he should carry away with him an impression of their unforgiving nature should not be permitted Whatever the faults of tho present Governor he has certainly ingratiated himself with a large portion of the people by his urbanity and his consideration and if some could not live with him in peace, they can, at all Gvents, without inconsis" telicy, shake hands ut parting Paper Milt..—A paper mill in Victoria is likely to be an established fact. An enter prising citizen of Melbourne is making the necessany preparations upon a large seal-. At first hews unrl wrapping papers only will Im produced. Steps have already been taken towards importing the needful machinery and appliances, on which 'some seven to eight thousand pounds will be expended. A most e'igiblo .position for the proposed works has been secured. The property knowg as Dight's Mills, and which comprises very valuable water power, hits bpeu taken on lease for seven years. The projector will have the good wishes of the community for tho success of his spirited undertaking.—Aye. I be mining on private property quostiou has a fresh and, riovel'Tlhistiation, in the dis covery of n nob qtwi-tz lode on a farm occu pied, tinder ..lease by Mr. Wilson, near •E^tham, aboiitveighteen miles from Melbourne, .Wiijips .being the 'holder in lee. h appears;that, the former;. discovered the lode 'iiluint four iuches below the surface-soil, "nu . set men.to,work.^ 1 Thii- ty'.cwts. at stone were 'cru<difid, yielding .five -and a-half ozs. of gold At^liis* sin ye,: the landlord stops in and objects to liisi tenan't -carrviag on tho mining- opent ■ liims"::.-Hinv ibedispute has ended, or what complications have arisen, is not yet known. ;Ineiode is reported to lie eighteea inches thick, an A to have been cut through in several places, and it is easily traceable for hall'-a mile, running due north and south. A great flood at Deniliquin, New South Wales stile of the Murray, swept away the bii lge, in consequence of which ail traffic was suspended, and the mails could not cross. Pour bushrangers were lately cap! 11 red 'at Tuiuiit. , The 'Age of Friday reported that Charles B. tWwpr, Esq.,: tlm Judge of the County Court, Geelong, . \Ii\ Chapman, and Mr, Armstrong, • bariister, had a narrow escape from drowning on Wednesday lai-t. The party were on 'their way to Warnambool over land, and, in crossing the Hopkins, the current was so strong that the vehicle was capsized, borne along by the tide, and smashed to fragments. The horse was arowned, anil the party had to swim for their lives. The birthday of Her Majesty the Queen was celebrated in London with unusual splen dour, Her Maje-tty paid a visit to the Great International Exhibition building 011 tho 12th June, and appeared to be much struck with the length and fine propoitious of the great cor.t! al ha 1 Probably the mast brilliant assemblage that even London ever witnessed were gathered together at Guildhall on the 8th of June last, to join in a splendid banquet given by tho city to their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales. An address was presented, which was enclosed in a casket of pure gold, and which, for its General design and minute artistic finish, makes it, beyond nil doubt, one of tho most exquisite pieces of goldsuith's work that the city ever olFerod tD Royalty. Mr. A'Reckett asked for leave to bring in a lull relating to insolvency, but Mr. Ilervey re quested time to postpone tho measure till next session, as it could not possibly be passed wjtliin the time it was intended the sitting of Parliament should lasr. • In tho Assembly on Wednesday evening, Mr. Heales moved the second reading of the bill to amend the Land Act 3803. The hon. gentleman entered very fully into the question, and conluded a speech of two hours' duration by moving that the bill be read a second time. Mr. Duffy would not oppose tho second reading, butwhen in committee would move certain) alterations by which ho bolievsd the measure would be amended. The debate' wa4 postponed till Friday. Mr. Casey has been elected to represent Mnudurang in tho Legislative Assembly by a majority of seventy-one over his opponent, Mr. Maepherson. 'Ibe Argus of Friday lit's tho following :— " Mr. R. 0. Ireland has been created a Queen's Counsel. Tho Inte Attorney General is tho first member of the Victorian bar who has received such a distinction." Uii'i's Land Gouj K coitr.—Dr Mackay asked thu lion, the Chief Secretary, in the Assembly, on Friday evening, whether any steps would be taken to provide a gold escort through Sule find Port Albert and thence tn Melbourne ? T1ib Chief Secretary replied that for some considerable time past pohce protec tion had been afforded to all jifitpony desirous of bringing from Sale to Port Aloert, nnd he believed that such protection was sufficient. He did not think that the quantity of gold brought down was sufficient to justify the Government in putting on a sppc'tal (>^C011 ^Cries of " hear hear," from behind the itea siiry benches.} In reference to this Dr. Mackay stated that last week 1000 ounces was transmitted to Melbourne as the product of one week's work. The Trading Companies Bill, which had been abandoned by the Government in coti fequence of the alleged deviations from the English Actj and also in consequence of the alterations made by the late Attorney General [ on l:is own responsibility, was restored to the I p;iper in the Assembly on Friday evening, and Mr. Ireland is to take charge of the measure and conduct it through the house. The Electoral Act Amendment. Bill was rend a third time and passed in the Assembly on Friday evening. Mi'. SIiicgregor'n amend ment respectii'g the issue <>f miner s r'glits by electoral registrars, and the issue of electoral rights without charge was agreed to. The new Laud Rill formed the subjcct for renewed discussion during a considerable j portion of the sitting o( the Assen bly on Friday evening. Liltle interest seems to h.ive been taken in the subject either by the members of the Assembly or by the public as the house was comparatively thin, and the strangers' galleries were nearly empty. The speakpf's therefore had an eye to the report ers that their sayings might come before an outi-ide audience, largpr and possibly more attentive than that inside the " house." Considerable inleresl seemed to betaken by the public in the proceedings of the Legisla tive Assembly on Tuesday nig't,in theearlier part of the sitting, the galleries being wel filled soon after the house met. Amongst th. first of the members in their places was Mr Wilson, of the Wimmera—who, we may remark in passing, was abcut to resign, and: had, in fact, placed his resignation in the. hands of the Speaker when Mr. M'Lellan's. motion was submit:i*d—and he was followed soon afterwards by the lion, member for North Melbourne—Mr. Sinclair. When the order of the day was called npon—" Mr;-' Wilson,; the member for the Wimmera,jto iittmd in his phu e"—The Speaker staled the nature of the cliaige advanced byMr. ; Sin clair. ard the latter read a statement of his: charge, tlie strength of which lay in. the re.-,, mnrk,. that to the tender lie had sent in to Mr,, W'lson he bad appended a poiitcript to tho, effect that lie pieferred to have the contract; settled without, any reference to ihc Land: , Bill. Mr. WiUon, in r pi), gave tin- clpirge, an emphatic deiiial, and staled > .that i.,; Sinclair had led him to belli-w-, fn.in th,:.. ; manner in which he had follow ed linn . up ;ni; the bouse as to bis tender m n-ply lo tin ndti . vertisemcnt, that he hod a wish to be bril.cy',.: Nol a brick of the build ng lo \,n.bii-h i'l<->,- , ence had been made, he added, had v<->v bee..-, I laid. After hea ing both members, and •iUer. both had been questioned by ...various,lion members, a special committee was named, on the motion of &lr.; M'Cul'Oth,. t>> tiu eMi^ate and report on the ehai gi ., All. ..M'Lilian insisted that the powt rs (if the .> committee should be enlarged ; but the house refused!to. assent to his views. s Tlit-. act to amend the Land Bill wasagain, discussed at great length in the L^gbtitivp Assembly 011 -Tuesday i>tp.l>t- . -Tlie attend mice in the galleries,' a» on the.previous eve nings of the debute, thinned greatly a> the debate progressed. About •. imdu'ghc M 1 Biodiibb moved the adjournment of the debate, which was negatived. ,At one o'clock. Mr. W. C. Smith moved the adjournment of. the house. After a discussion.ol tbree-qnnv.-, tors of an hour, the motion,',was,-,,negativet! witlio t a division. Mr. M Lellan then pro i eeded to state hifii views, but (prompted, by Mr. O'Connor) moved the adjournment of the debate, which was agreed to. Of course, the indefatigable Melbourne gos siper of the Star has something ne.v to say upon,, the. M' Lellau ufl'uir. He states that «• ilie believers in the'corruption and bribery charo-es of Mr. M'Lellm are awfully indig nant at the count out on 1 hursday night, and a feeling is growing up that the house is afraid of the inquiry, whilst among those who l.est know the state of matters there is a strong inartiSMon that, the dove of Ararat has got himse f iuto a situation the difficulties ;of: which he had no conception,.and which. : w ill tax all the energies.of liis fiieri'ds.to save him from extinction. The feeling is, that (lie house must not shiik the iiiqtii'-y. The oppor tunity is (lerfect, for Dr. fledley, who bv some is regavded as the arch-conspirator of the association, is now in town, within easy reach of tlie Speaker and his Sergeant-at-arms. Fear of that awful official and his mace has not scared the Doctor from hi- qmiters and sent him travelling' back to the °' Gipps Land, as might have reasonably been expected. Mr. De Beaker, whose promise,I revelations have never been made, is obtain able on the shortest notice, if anything is to be made bv appearing, ano his box, with a I the valuable documents, is within a stone's throw of the house. A subscription is like y to be cot up among the patriotic to purchase the whole of the mysteries contained in the box if Mr. De Beaker's terms do not rise with the occasion."—Herald• 