" A DISICIPLE OF JOHN WROE." In a late number of The South Australian Register appears a letter under the above title, the writer of which complains that a person calling himself "An Israelite," teaching his doctrines "by the way side," had been interrupted by the Police who had taken him into custody, that he had given bail for his appearance at the Police-office, where the case, upon hearing, was dismissed.—The well-meaning writer of the letter in question goes on to state "that he appeared on behalf of the Israelites on public grounds alone, maintaining that every section and every individual member of Christ's Church has a per- fect right to exercise his own private judgment as to the best mode of propagating his views of truth." You will observe from this quotation that it assumes that "the disciples of John Wroe, calling themselves Israelites," form a section of Christ's Church, and as such have a perfect right to promulgate their doc- trines in the open air. As I consider such an as- sumption is calculated to mislead the public as to the doctrines really held by these persons, I would state for general information that if they are to be judged by the doctrines they profess to hold as set forth in certain pamphlets entitled, "The Faith of Israel," "The Laws of God as given to the Prophets," &c.;, they are not entitled to be con- sidered as " a section of Christ's Church," neither have they any claim to the ancient and venerated name of "Israelite." The fact is, that instead of being followers of Christ, they are followers of that arch-impostor "Johanna Southcott," described by a late London journal when adverting to the cre- dulity of the age" as a dropsical old woman who pretended she was to give birth "to the Messiah." In the pamphlets alluded to and in others of the same character, the indecency and obscenity of their perversions of scripture are only to be equalled by their utter absurdity, and they are in reality quite unfit to be made public. The "Israelitish preachers," as they term themselves in this colony, appear in some degree to be aware of this, as in their public harangues they generally content themselves with heaping together texts of Scripture having not the slightest connexion with each other, or with what they state to be the sub- ject of their discourse. It is only when they have succeeded in getting a footing in the house or family of some credulous person, that they show themselves in their true colors, and bring forward, even in the presence of females, the indecent and disgusting doctrines to which I have alluded. It is stated in one of their books that any person wish- ing to join them must signify his desire " to receive the immortality of his natural body, and such are under no restraint when they come under these four laws, viz, circumcision, wearing of hair and clothing, or what they eat, or drink." To give an instance of the manner in which they pretend to prove their assertions from Scripture, in commanding their followers to wear long hair and beards, they refer to 1st Corinthians, xi. and xiv., where the Apostle says,"Doth not Nature itself teach you that if a man wear long hair it is a shame unto him." They then proceed to state that Nature means sin, and that consequently, men ought to wear long hair and beards. By a person who becomes a member of their sect receiving "the immortality of the natural body," they mean that they will not be subject to death. This is what they set forth when they preach, as their hand bills call it, upon the Redemption of the Natural Body; and whilst their grizzled beards, grey heads, and furrowed visages betoken advancing age with its attendant infirmities, they have the presumption to assert that they will never die, and persuade their deluded followers that if they obey their instructions they will be exempt from that dread penalty to which Jehovah has declared all Adam's race were liable. These "preachers " have no ostensible means of getting their livelihood, they quarter themselves wherever they can obtain admittance, and it is really astonishing what an influence, in many instances, they exercise over parties, more especially females, who may receive them into their houses. As an instance of this—one of these preachers having for some time quartered himself upon a poor woman whose husband was employed in a distant part of the colony; a neighbour entering her cottage, not seeing "the Israelite," who was in an inner apartment, asked, I think not unaptly, "Is the Old 'Un gone ?" The poor woman fearing the inquiry would be heard, in an evident state of alarm held up her finger, saying, "Hush, hush ; don't you know he can strike you dead?" I may here mention that the husband of this woman not having the fear of the Judgment before his eyes, sent word to the Israelite "that if he found him in his house when he re- turned, he would use such measures as would ensure his speedy and somewhat unceremonious exit, which hint served to hasten his departure. This preacher in one of his public discourses in that neighborhood, told his audience that "God Almighty was tired of hearing sermons about faith and repentance." On another occasion the same Israelite visiting a poor woman over whom he exer- csed a most baneful influence, and who stands in the greatest awe of him, told her that "The Devil has landed at Circular Head, and was on his way up to Launceston." Another of these Israelitish preachers having been rebuked by a per- son who went into a house when he was bringing forward his indecent doctrine in the presence of a female, told his reprover, with mock solemnity that he had "now sinned against the Holy Ghost." These Israelitish preachers occasionally make known certain revelations they pretend have been made to them, some of which are so per- fectly blasphemous, and of such an obscene cha- racter that the parties uttering them ought to be severely punished. It is much to be lamented that these "Southcotians" should pass themselves off as "Israelites." I have often wondered that the true descendants of the House of Israel in this colony do not publicly and indignantly disclaim them. It is more to be lamented that they should exercise such a pernicious influence over their deluded followers. In the case of ignorant and uneducated persons this influence is not so much to be wondered at, but it certainly is most astonishing that any intelligent person should believe their monstrous absurdities, and yet unhappily this is sometimes the case. At this very time there are several members of this community, formerly known amongst us as intelli gent and respected persons, who have joined these pretended "Israelites," and having suffered their hair and beards to grow untrimmed, if not unwashed, and by this and other means converted themselves into the appearance of "Orang Outangs," exhibit themselves free of charge to the wondering colonists. I confess that whilst I most fully and distinctly admit the right of every individual to follow the dictates of his own conscience in matters of religion, I cannot but consider that these pretended "Israe- litish Preachers," who have no ostensible means of living, and who generally quarter themselves upon poor people who can hardly maintain themselves, at the same time promulgating such indecent and out rageous absurdities, should be considered as vagrants and dealt with as such. In thus exposing the doctrines and practices of these pretenders, I am influenced solely by a regard to the welfare of the community amongst whom I sojourn, who, I think, will agree with me in con- sidering it desirable to prevent, by all legitimate means, such sects as "Mormons," "Shakers," or "Southcotians," from obtaining a footing amongst us. A Tasmanian Colonist. Launceston, Septembr 20th, 1850. 