THE NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho R.M.S. Bombay, with tho July European mails, arrived in Hobson's Bay yesterday afternoon, at three o'clock. By her wo have our files from Great Britain to tho 27th, and from America to the 15th July. In accordance with our usual custom, we givo in this morning's issno a full summary of all the most important items of British and Foreign intelligence. Consequent upon tho crowded state of onr columns, we are compelled to hold over several reports of local interest. His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly left tho colony yesterday afternoon, by the English mail steamer Madras, for Sydney, having previously arranged to pay that city a visit prior to his departure from Australia. Tho steamer will, of courso, call roimt? ht.ro to toko up tho English mail, but it is uoti expected that Sir Henry will again land in this colony. His Excellency was escorted to Sandridgo by tho members cf tho V.V. Light Horse, and oh his arrival on tho Pier, ho v,-as warmly received by a crowd who had assembled to witness his departure A steamer having bi;ou placed at his disposal by the Govern ment, he left tho Pier in her amid tho cheers of the spectators, and was soon conveyed on board the Madras, which then steamed down tho Bay. His Excellency Sir Charles Darling will bo sworn in as Governor of tho colony by his Honor the Chief Jnstice to-day, at twelve o'clock, in front of tho Treasury buildings, at tho top of CollinB Fired. A platform has been erected tho whole length of the building, with n dais in tho centre, whoro tba swearing-in will take place. Tho platform will he occupied by the members of tho Ex'ecutivo Council, their Honors tho judges, the members of tho Legislative Assembly and tho Li'gisLiilve Council, the Mayor and corporation of Melbourne, the members of municipal councils and oihoi yuUlio bodies, tho foreign consuls and tho heads oilhj vr. : ,b religions denominations. The Legisla tive Assembly will meet to-day, at eleven o'clock, for tho purpose of proceeding in a body to attend the ceremony. The Melbourne troop of tho Prince of Wales Volunteer Cavnlry will -escorfc his Excellency from his residence to the Treasury. After twelve o'clock the remainder of tho -day will be observed in tho Government offices as a holiday ; and, in an advertisement which appears in another colnmn, the Mayor invites tho citieens of Melbourne to adopt ; tho scmo courso. ; In the Legislative Asasmblv. vestcrdav. tho more : important measures remaining undisposed of were huiricd through their lest stages in order to receive the :-oyal assent to-day. Several others, some of 'which had been on the notice paper for sevoral months past, were either withdrawn or otherwise passed over for consideration next session. Amongst theso were tho Petroleum Storage Bill, tho Supreme Oourt Bill, tho Impounding Acts Ainondmont SiE, iho '(U'lii-ri; of the Select Committee on the ChoWton ^laihviiy Station, &c.; The Hou3o did not riso tfill Rn advanced hour iu the morning ; and its iloter hours wero characterised by sccneB that aro only foreshadowed in the breaking-np of school for tho holidnyu. Tho Legislative (Council passed tho Municipali ties Act, jimendmont Bill through the second read ing, uiid through committee, in a very short -space of time, last evening, considering tho length -of tho bill. No objection was raised to any clause. Con trury to tho wish -of tho Assembly, the House in sisted upon its amendments in the Railway Manage ment Bill, maintaining its claim to oxercise some control ov..,1 the letting of tho main linos. TUo Ap propriniicm Act wes subsequently received from the Assembly, and passed, after somo slight demur on the part of several lion, members. This seminary courso was adopted in order that the House might bo prorogued to-day. Tho question of the amend ments in tho Railway Bill was raised at a later hour of tho evening, ond tho Council thon retracted its determination to insist upon its amendment, and accepted an amendment which had been agreed to by a committee, composed of members of both Honsif, appointed to confer on the .subject. Wiipn « message announcing this decision had been transmitted to tho Assembly, Mr Fawkner called tho attention of the President to tho etato of the Houso. A quorum of members not being pro sent, the President declared the House adjourned. Mr Xervoy expressed his surprise at this result, and attempted, in vain, to induce Mr Fawkner to withdraw. The Bitting was broken by frequent intervals, during which business was suspended, pending the receipt of messages from tho Assembly, and one interval of an hour and u half, while tho two committees frem either House wero coiiferring on tho Railway Management Bill. Mr Jff. J. O'Connor was introduced to Uie hon the O.ni.Missioner of Lands and Survey, yesterday by Mr Hnmffray, M.2J.A., and presented a meiBorin adopted et a public meeting of farmers and others in tho pariah of Smeaton praying that tho pertior of the common within (the parish might bo withdrcwr from saie. Mr Heales, after hearing tho grounds slated upon which the application had been bssed, said ho could not accede to the prayer of the me morialisto. Mr O'Connor then requested that ' the campir;;: ground' on the Castlemaine road might 1*£ withdraw ,. from sale. This application was granted. At tho Fitzroy Police Court, yesterday, Robert Dttlziel summoned Senior Constable M'Ginty to answer to a charge of libel, inasmuch as in the conrae of his evidence in a cose heard on tho -24th of August last, in which William Dalziel, landlord of the Builders' Arms and father of tbo , present complainant, was tho defendant, ho said that the man who would allow his Bon, meaning tho present complaint it, to pull his mother's hair could not be a good master. Mr Dawson appeared for the prosecution, and Mr C. A. Smyth for the defence. Mr Dawson, when tho case was called on, stated that his client was willing to withdraw the case if an apology were offered. Mr Smyth refused to make any apology, and the case was then pro ceeded with. William Dalziel, father of the prose cutor, deposed to having heard the dofeudant state in ihe witness box, on tho occasion referred to, that a man wiio would allow his son to pull his mother's hair would not be a good master. Robert Dalziel, the prosecutor, deposed that ho never pulled his mother's hair, and that he never know of his mother being ill treated by his father ; but on account of somo dif ference with his father she left the house and stayed away fnv a fortnight. Mrs Dalziel, who was sum moned us a witness for the defence, was culled for tho prosecution. On being sworn, she stated that tho plaintiff was her son, thatho never ill-treated her, and never 2'ulled her hair. She never said so to tho defendant, or any other constable. She had a quarrel with her iiusband on ono occasion, and left the house. The case for the prosecution having been closed, Mr Smyth urged that the caso must be dismissed, as the statement having been made by the defendant when under examination as a wtaess, it was of a privileged nature. The bench overruled this objection to the cose being farther proceeded with, and John Lo7or. .fames Lalor, John Jones, and James Hamp Eton, ',. ore called for the defence, but they all denied ever having heard Mrs Dalziel say that her son pulled L«r hair, or that they ever told the defendant she had said so. The r.hairman, after retiring with llie ether magistrates for consultation for u short time, s'V-l the bench wero unanimously of opinion that tho en.se should be dismissed. The : uport of tho commissioners appointed by the Houso of Commons, to inquire into tho question of secondary punishmonts und prison discipline, has been published in the English journals. The com missioners appointed wore Lord Grey, Lord Naos, Lord Crariworth, Lord Cholinsford (who was unable to take any part in tho inquiry), Mr Bouvcrie, Mr Henley, Sir J. Pakiugton, Mr Walpole, Mr Wad dington, the Lord Chief Jnstice, Mr R. Gurney,the O'Connor Don, and Mr H. C. E. Cliilders. The fol lowing are tho recommendations of the commis sioners — ' 1. That sentences of penal servitude should not in future bo passed for shorter terms than 'seven years. 2. That tho principle already recognised by tho law, of subjecting reconvicted criminals to severer punishment, should be more fully acted on. 3. That convicts sentenced to penal ser vitude should bo subjected, in the first place, to nine months' separate imprisonment, and then to labor on public works for the remainder of tho term for which they are sentenced, but with the power of earniDg, by industry and good conduct, an abridg ment of this part of their punishment. 4. That all male convicts, who aro not disqualified for removal to a colony, should be sent to Western Australia during tho latter part of their punishment. 5. That those who may bo unfit to go there, but may earn an abridgment of their punishment, and who may consequently be discharged at liome under licenso, should bo placed nnder strict supervision till tho expiration of the term for which they wero sen tenced, and that tho necessary powers should bo given by law for rendering this supervision effec tual.' And so transportation to Western Australia is to be renewed, and Australia generally is to havo tho stigma of convictisin attached to it, if tho re commendations of tho commissioners arc adopted, which is not unlikely. It is time for tho freo colonies of Australia to speak out. Tho sale of Crown lands previously advertised to tako place to-day at tho auction rooms of Messrs Fraser and Cohen, has been postponed until Wed nesday next. Mr and Mrs Charles Kean and their niece, Miss Chapman, sailed from Liverpool, tor Melbourne, in tho Black Ball liner tho Champion of tho Seas, on tho 7th of July last. Mr Kean undertook to read divino service during the voyage, thero being ne clergyman on board ; so, at least, wo aro in formed by the English journals In n letter, published hi tho English papers, dated 1st July, Mr Knight, tho acting emigration agent for Yictoria- states that, during the time ho was in, Man chester, tho rush of applice.ats to his office was bo great that hp was obliged to call in tho aid of the police, to keep the place from being blocked up, and that, in tho course -of a month, not tess than 12,600 persons applied fta him for passages to Vic toria! Thero was a long «5iscussion in the Houso of Commons on tbo 17tfc 'of July last, on the Panama route, and it transpired, in tho course at the debate, that tho Government had it under consideration, should tho P. nnd -S^ Company's offer for a fort nightly mail service bo accepted, to donblo tbo existing rates of postage on letters iotween Eng land and Australia. Tho Caducous tailed yesterday, shortly beforo noon, with 391 vorantoers on board, Cor the seat of war in Now Zochmd. They were -undcr tbo com mand of Lieutenants Dnnn, Porcivul, and Wallace ; Dr Agasiz acoompanying them as surgeon. E very endeavor was made to recder them com fortable on board tho vessel, and, with fair weather,: their passage will likely bo a pleasant one. The en- ? listment still -continues, although tho applicants; yesterday wero not ho nuinerocs as heretofore, Thc-ro were, iowever, twenty -oight enrolled, the1 majority of whom stated that tlioy wero artisans. : At the Cfty Court, yostorday, a dealer nameft William Hasknd was charged, on warrant, wiili stealing a safldlo from a stablo attached to tho houso of Mr James Patterson, a coal merchant, residing in Victoria Buildings, Qneen street, in tho month I of Juno last. The saddle was produced in court, and identified. From the evidoaco adduced, it ap peared that itlio prisoner sold a saddle to one Nathan, a icab proprietor, for tho sum of £S. Nathan, aftor keeping it for a short timo, sent 5t to Mr Grant, a saddler, to getirepaired, and, whilst it was in Ms possession, Nathan sold it to a Mr Rodgers, a livery stable keeper, who had since beau using it. TJio saddle which Mr Rodgers bo bought was the stolon ono ; and though Nathan could not positively swear to its being .the one he had re ceived from iho prisoner, yet it was clearly shown by tho evidonco of Mr Grant r&at; such must ha»6 been tho case.; ho stating that it was t'ao one die received to sqpair. A person, ;stfso, who had been living in the house with tho /prisoner, said that beforo ho disposed of it to Naflian, he asked, him to try and seK it for him, and csreu offered to givo him anything over £1 that he got for it. Tho prisoner was 'Committed for trial, and admitted to bail. ' ; We understand that tbo ll,0P0 sheep, en route i from the Darling, stopped at Uroiio, on tho Billa- i bong, supposed to be scabby, havo been declared: clean bv tho scab inspectors and if. bench of nine ? magistrates. Tho Star states that tho annual y&Iuo; of lands and I tenements, as par valuator's return, .after reductions s on appeals, within tho western .municipality of j Ballaarat, is set down at £102,434 11s, on which a , rate of 2s in the p?und has been struck, sixpence i of which amount ie for water supply purposes. A man named John Roberts, at present under . going a sentence, was brought up at tli9 City Court i yesterday, on a writ of habeas corpus, from Colling i wood stockade, charged with stealing a silvor lever watch belonging to a 2'erson named Lear, from a houso in Little Collins street, iu February last. Tho jirosecutor was a lodger at tho house, and on leaving for New Zealand, he left his box behind him in his bedroom, A man, who ho thought was the prisoner, came to reside at tho houso on the evening before ho left, and occupied the same room with him. When he rotnrned in about three weeks after wards ho found that his box had been broken open and tho watch abstracted. Information was then given to the police, but for some time tho thief could not bo discovered. At length, however, tho watch was found in a pawnbroker's shop in town, and the prisoner was recognisod by tho broker as the man who had pawned it, for tho sum of 25s, in the latter end of February. Tho evidence being clear against him he was committed iov trial. A deputation from the Municipal Council of East Collingwood was, yesterday, introduced to the hon. the Commissioner of Lands and Survoy by Mr Edwards, M.L.A., and Mr Don, M.L.A., for the purpose of bringing under his notice tlio great necessity that existed for drainage works being constructed through East Collingwood. Tho deputation urged that when the matter was brought under bis notice when Chief Secretary, he expressed himself favorable to tho object, and promised to place a sum on tho ostimatos to carry it into effect. It was estimated that about £10,000 would bo required, but the revenue of the council was only about £3000 ; and when tho Municipalities Bill canio into operation the revenue would bo increased by only about £1000. Tho council wero therefore nnable to carry out tho work, and desired tho assistance of tho Government. Mr Heales said ho did not remember the promise re ferred to. Ho was as fully alivo as ever to tho necessity of tho district being adequately drained, but as tho matter belonged to the department of Public Works, be could not entertain the applica tion. Tho deputation then called attention to tho condition of tbo bridge over tho Reilly street drain, but were informed that this also was a matter that belongod to the Public Works Department. The caso of Hodgkinson v. Clough, an action for false imprisonment, heard before the Chief Justice : at tho last Nisi Prius sittings of the Snpreme Court, came beforo thoir Honors in Banco yesterday, counsel moving for a nonsuit or new trial, upon a rule nisi granted in the early part of tho week, j Tho jury, on tho trial, found £3000 damages for tho ? plaintiff, and leave was reserved to enter a nonsuit or move for a now trial, on the ground of the inad- j missibility of a portion of the evidence. Mr Micliio, 1 Q.C, moved the rule absolute, and there were with ] him Mr Wood and Mr Fellows. Dr. Sewell and Mr , Dawson showed caase. The arguments urged by counsel for a nonsuit wero that there was no evi dence to connect the defendant with tho act of Detective Slattery, by whom the plaintiff was ar rested. Beforo Mr Michie had concluded his nrgn raent, ho was stopped by the court deciding that the point was fatal to the plaintiff's case, and the other grounds that wero to havo been submitted in sap port of a new trial wero not argued. The rule nisi for nonsuit was made absolute with costs. In Hockin v. Payne, an action tried in tho County Ccnrt, yesterday, tho plaintiff sought to recover a sum of £18, tho amount of interest overpaid upon a loan. It appeared that tho plaintiff had borrowed £5000 upon mortgage, at 10 per cent, interest, but a clause in the mortgage stipulated that, if tlio pay ments wero mado regularly as agroed upon, which was done, tho interest was to bo reduced to 8 per cent. Tho existence of this provision bad bpen apparently ignored by the defendant, who bad charged 10 per cent, interest upon the whole amount. Tho court awarded plaintiff the full amount claimed. Mr Newton appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Bindon for the dofendant. In tho Banco sitttugs of tho Supreme Court, yos terday, in tha matter of P. A. C. O'Farrell ex partc O'Hea, tho rule nisi for attachment of a sum of £300, or the security in which tho said money was invested, in tho hands of Mr O'Farrcll, was made absolute. In the Queen v Coldwell and Ryder, a special caso from the Gcclong Cirnnit Court, stated by Mr Justice Williams, in which tho prisoners had been convicted of arson, tho conviction was confirmed as against the man Coldwell, and quashed as against the woman Ryder. ' The Siller Gun' has at last boen publicly pre sentod to Capt. Ross. Tho Homo News says — ' On tho 20th of July the prizo was delivered to the successful competitors at the Wimbledon meeting, by his Royal Highness tho Duke of Cambridge. A rifle, mounted with silver, and not inoluded in tho list of prizes won at Wimbledon, was presented to Captain E. Ross, Cambridgo University. This weapon li!«l been purchased vrith a sum of £150, subscribed, hy tho Australian colonists, on hearing of his original success.' Major- Gcncral G. S. Meafic, who has been pro moted te tho chief commann. of tbo army of tho Potomac, and under whoso generalship tho Federal army tchioved its recent successes, -was born in Spain in 181G, entered tte Military Academy nt West Point from tbo district of Columbia, f.nd graduated thero iu 1839, since which tirao he has steaSily risen to be brigadier-general of volunteers, 31st August, 1801. Few officers have performod mere arduous duties or rendered moro distinguished anS. faithful service to ifflio country since the 'cora Eacucement of tho war. ©r. Candler held an:inquost, yesterday, at I'rah- son, on the body of 'William Brakwoll, a chEEl aged two years and four months, who died on Wednesday Srom inflammation o. the lungs. About c, week 'beforo his death, the deceased was suffering from stightnosa of the chest, for which complaint tho iisual -remedies had been cpplied, with seeming success, as 'ho was much btftter on Sunday. Gn Mon day, however, ho appeared not so -well, and on Tuesday, as bo seemed to be getting worse, his mothor, who ivas working :at some distance, was sent 'for, as -wore also Drs. Stokes and Phillips, but !both wore engaged at .the time. Tho former arri ve&somo; hours after, but Hie child was thon dead. Under' tho impression that the deceased was suffering frsm nothing moro serious than a slight cold, his mother did not think of -calling in medical attendance sooner. Dr Stokes, by whom a 2'osl mortem examination of tho body had been made, gave it as his opinion that death was caused by inflammation eff tho lungs, and the ijury found accordingly. Shakspcare's tragedy of 'King Henry tho Fourth, or the Battle of Shrewsbury,' which haeibcen suc cessfully producefi at tho Theatro Royal during tho week, was repeated last evening before a very full house. Of the ploys which havo been presented for some time back, tthoro has certainly been nono better executed or received with more appreciation by tho public. Ae on tho first night of its produc tion, tho audience -seomed to exhibit the garao un flagging attention— tho extremes of- grave and pay with which the piece is diversified, rendering it thoroughly attractive, and relieving it of that mono tony which it might otherwise produce. As Sir John Falstaff, Mr Earry Sullivan exhibited all tho wit and poltroonery of the jolly knight, nnd made tho houso frequently ring with mirth, /b'ir John's incorrigible lying and brazen effrontery when he claims to havo slain Percy during the fray, wero well pictured, find quite equalled his terror at tho sound of the epproachin^ enemy, when he lay on the ground feigning to bo wounded by Dowjlas. Mr Ireland sustained, the part of King Henry te advantage, both in his language and deportment . Mr Fitzgerald, as tho Frince of Wales, played very ef/octively ; and, as Hotspur, Mr Heir threw into his acting that impetuosity which characterised the hot blooded Percy. Mr Charles Young exhibited Bar dolph with care, and the Earls of Worcester and Westmoreland were ably personified by BIr Har wood and Mr Chapman respectively. ' The Ghost effect, or fifteen minutes with tho Spirits,' followed, and tie performance concluded with the langhsble farce of 'tho Intrigue,' which continues to bo well received. 