THE RETURN BALL. WHEN Feramorz conveyed the fair Lalla Rookh, The poet informs us the way which they took Grew brilliant with lanterns, with music, and dances— In short, that the monarch lost none of his chances Of enliv'ning the journey with fetes, mirth and folly, And making Miss Rookh feel uncommonly jolly. But the list of the sports is no full one at all, For it never refers to a fancy dress ball. Such a pastime, I'm sure, must have been on the list, But Tom Moore, in his hurry, the entry has missed. Yet, if on this point he'd remembered to speak, He could but have told what we acted last week, For young Feramorz' fete has been equalled out here— Only, I'm not Tom Moore, nor is Melbourne Cashmere. That we made our old glasshouse look wonderful well It needs not the ghost of a poet to tell; All festooned and bannered, all lighted and flowered As though in a land of enchantment embowered, And indeed, once within, it can't be denied That Queen-street's as good as Lake Como, outside; And then, for the dancers and costume, and so on, A cove glib at rhymes for a twelve month might go on Describing, commenting, approving, and chaffing, And finding good cause for both loving and laughing; Every place on the earth sent a child of its own, And some, perhaps, there were whom no place could have known, Part modern, part ancient, part east, and part west, A sort of a fancy dress, mongrel at best; As a full-turbaned Turk with a smooth pallid cheek, A goddess in skirts, or a crinolined Greek! But here's one unmistakeable fairy—a charmer— That Titania there, with a knight in full armour; There follows a romp—at least in this room— With a nautical chap in a boating costume; Behind them a royal French bargeman drops in, Exchanging broad Irish with Brian O'Lynn; There's Captain Macheath bereft of his pal, And a Zouave with Naouzatelaonadal; There's Mustapha Ali Khan, taking his wine With a notable king of the Conqueror's line. There's a vivandiere who's contrived to enlist Ruy Gomez, the Spanish contrabandist; There's a monk of strict order, who's out on the loose, Making desperate eyes at Old Mother Goose; And a young novice flirting, aught but mournfully, With Cleophas Leandre Perez Zambulle. There's a sheik and a sikh, a bey and a dey, A fairymaid, dairymaid, Winter and May. There's John Bull and a Frenchman—harmonious sign!— Swearing friendship eternal in beer and light wine; There's a Hamlet enquiring what's it "to be?" Of a true British sailor, half over the sea; There's a fool who's in need of no extra crazing, And a Locksley drawing the long bow, amazing. A virtuous Beauseant, a Claverhouse bloody, And a student of Padua—minus the study. In fact, there are folks in all sorts of attire, Including the tails which one lifts at the fire; And which are supposed, though why, I can't guess, To form, in this day, what is known as "full dress." But 'tis time to give o'er, see our friends rushing bedward. Just one toast to wind up "Here's the health of Sir Edward." 