£oiB' tv 8HIEP.-A meeting of ell perenna eonneetedi with the pastoral interests is oanveoed bj advertisement to take pitea this dar, at Moll's Booms. The object, of. the meeting ls to oompsre and consider tbe two measures now befciefcbe Legielature in the very important quos, tton of the prevention of scab in sheep-one introduced' by the Secretary for Lands, Mr. Bobertaon, which Involves . the immediate destruction of all sheep Infested with, scab, tbe other by Mr. Morrie, providing that time abell be given for the trial of curative' measures. Tbb intense: ' iutereet of the s'nbjeot, and the neeeasily. for prc mp t and. ; deoislve legislation will, we have no doubt, command tba. attendance of all who are intereBted in sheep farming, who happen to be in tbe city. '. , ' CTJTBB' DOMAIN.-The Band of the 13th Btgimrnt will perform the following aeleotion of mneie tb.« afternoon (weather permitting), at three o'olook p.m. Conductor, H, Prinor,. Programme:- Qilok maroh, "Aont Sally/' Jones, junior; overture, " Martha," Flotow; aeleotion, " Zampa," Herold ; waltz, " Water Sprite," Coote ; : aeleo. tian, " He Toaohez pas a la Beine," Bolaelet ; quadrille,, " The Wedding," D'Albert; seleation, "ll Trovatore,"' Verdi;: galop, " The Leviathan," D'Albert ;. « God Save, the Queen," ' SoTBEare DOUBT,-Master's OfHcc^-BailnesB for This Dey*?-Wentworth v. Gurner, adjourned examination {; Armstrong v. Holledge, minutes; Poor v. Hillap,.ad- journed report; Ireland v. Lnoae, .minutes j.Osborne v.-. Ealer, minâtes ; same v. aame, security on appeal. Tam GHCBT.-tait night the long talked-of ghost made. ' its appearance at the Victoria Theatre. As . vehicle forr ita production, the old drama of the Castle Speotre waa obosen,and wasetcellently represented.. Although some> ' what extravagant in plot, the Castle Spectre possesses ona ? advantage over most of the modern, drams*-' of the same school, for the lengmge- ia. good and the story, interesting.. Bal to retarni to the Ghost. : The illusion waa per'eot-beyondi our expectations-and lhere oan be no donbt that it will bea aonree of great profit to the management. So machi ' hes been said in oar oolnmns-from tbe English preBS of this phenomenon, that it is- unnecessary to give a> detailed acconnt of it. Suffice it to say tbat a spectral, figure wt Ike and moves about the stage, and tbat altbangbi palpable end distlnot to the sight, it is yet impalpable to. the touch. In endeavoaring.to eelze holdtapoo it, the, band finds no resistance as it pasara through the ghostly/ figure. It is truly one of the mostaetoandiog delusions, tbat iver was presented to tbe present generation,. The. boase was well filled in every part. Cono, EB'S iNqunaTfl.-The it queel on the body of the mar, Timo /y. Cusack, was resumed- at the Black Swan Inn, George-street,, yetterdey morning, and adjcurned for the receipt of further evidence nctll Monday next. Yesterday morning the City Coroner held an inquest concerning the death of a married men, aged sixty four years, named Thomas Smith Whitehorse at the Argyle Hotel,. Argyle-street. Deceased came to the colony aa a prisoner of the Crown, for several years past followed the calling of a waterman, and resided in Cambridge-street. For some time past he had been ailing from the effects of a cold caught whilst in his boat during the wet weather, and complained of pain in his right breast. About half past four o'clock on Saturday afternoon he was walking in the yard attached to his residence, when he was apparently seized with weakness and fell upon his knees. A person who re- sides in the same house raised him and assisted bim inside the house. He was placed upon a chair and shortly afterwards expired. Dr. Wright, who saw the body immediately after death, found no marks of violence. He was of opinion that death was oaused by bronchitic,, and that if deceased had received medical, advice in time, his life would, probably, have been saved. Verdict - Died suddenly from natural causes accelerated, by the wont of tune by medical advice. ÇADOMOTOK. AND. SüBiur HUÍS V^ivNiEEB Baue.-?«*. A no.meioa.kl; attended moetiog of this company wogi, held last night at the Ditlingljur-t Goart- hoaae, Cáptala Phillipe in the chair. The meeting wai aalled chiefly, ip consider the oondnot of eergcent McOrae, eenoernlng whom the follo.wicg resolution waa unanimously pasced, only three dissenting,, on the ground solely that the resolution waa premature. It ran as follows : -'.That this meeting oonslders the conduot of sergeant ilcOree, of the Paddington and Surry Hills Volunteer Biiiss, in not appearing on parade on Saturday, the 20th. August latt, when requested to do so by the Inspecting Field Oflloer subversive of discipline and, therefore, highly ocnsnrable, and that the Iospooting Field Queer bei reqaoated ta inqilre into tba mmtor for the purpose oft . tabing such steps aa may be deemed neoeaoary." It was stated that ibis resolution waa moved in order to vlnd.V cate tho obaraoter Of 'be ocmpsny, which.would sutler if it could be supposed they wit kid at groas, insubordina', tion like that displayed by sergeant Mu.Jrae. It was. felt too, that, aa tba senior sergeant, and, having set so bad an example, and thereby forfeited the rospeol and confidence of bis comrades, it would be advisable ba ebould retire from the forctv. A, resolution wis also carried requesting the Inspecting Field OOBoer to au. tboriSB the elealionof a Besond lieutenant, as tho com« pany numbered over eighty membore, and tho eleoti.n of two corpori ls In the roost of oorporal Manton, promoted ] and corporal Coulter, promoted to on enslgnoy in the Anokland militia. Some minor matters relating to tba interests of the company wera arranged, after which the meeting adjourned after pasains a TQte Q( thank.* to tba chairman, 