PICKINGS FfiOMTUKCH. THE SONG OF IBB OABOTTER. Oh, meet me by moonlight alone, And then I will give yon the hua. With my arm round your neck tightly thrown, Pm as up to the work as a Thuir , isemmi you x softly jwill creep. And, taking you quite unawares. On my prey like a tiger FU leap ; , . If 1 happen to choke you, who cares? ? , I'm out with a ticket of leave. ? ? ' Which by gulling the chaplain 1 got, , And I'm free to maim, murder, aud thieve, for a cove he must live, must he not? So meet me by moonlight alone, ' ?? Kind stranger. I beg and entreat, , And I'll make all your money my own. And leave you half dead in the street. . . OUK OFFENCE TO THE TANKKKS. While wrath distorts thy visage lank ami hjigcanl, Why urinat me, and glare with evil eye! Why, iu the strain of a malignant blackguard, Jonathan, threaten and revile me— why t Why so vindictive is your roaring flood ' Of foul abuse? What have 1 lione, that makes You keep declaring that you'll have my bipod, More venomous In spite than maddened snakes t Not I your landmarks have removed, nor when You were hard pressed in battle for the right A nuarrel foi a few eulisted men Did I pick with you, and impede your fight An; those are wrongs by which one might be driven To menace, rail, and* vow revenge like you. Such injuries are not to be forgiven To those who suffer them by those who do. THE RIGHT MAN IN THE RIGHT I'LACE. We see that our old Baron Munchausen, who has long been King unknown, is about to be translated into French. We beg to recommend is the .very best editor of the woik Monsieur riiiers. In fact, if it were published as a con tinuation of his HUtoire du, Cunsulal ct de V Empire, weBre convinced that most of iu sub scribers would not be able to tell the difference. CONVICT CRANIOLOOY. In the description of penal servitude at Portland in'ven the other day in the Timei particular men ion was made of the conformation of the convicts' heads as conspicuously different from that of nr linary people's. The generality of the rogues were ilescnbcd as characterized by low retreating fore lieads. Now, is it or is it not a fact that persons whose brains arc deficient iu certain regions arc practically found to be stupid, brutal, and vicious f because, if that is so, when oncu such persons have given you a justification for putting them under lock and key, and you have sot them safe, rou had better keep them there. Till when? Till ?efonnation, attested by tho expansion of their lieads to normal proportions. THE SONG OK THE ANTI-aAROTTER. . AH round my neck I wear a spiked «tcel collar, A revolver and a bowie-knife I carry up my sleeves, And if any one should ask of me the reason why I wear them, I'll tell them 'tis to guard myself from these garotting thieves. Last night in walking home a skulking vagabond addressed me, Says he, 'Pray, what's o'clock?' and, not in lending any pun, Full in his ugly faco I lctjoufmyilcft, and floored him. Observing as I did so. ' My dear friend, it's just struck one !'' So, ruffians all, take] warning] now, and keep re spectful distance, Or a bullet or a bowie-knife clean through your ribs I'll send: Well-armed, we'll straightway shoot or stab the rascal who attacks us. If Sir George Grey won't protect us, why, our selves we must dtfond. LATCH-KEYS FOR TICKKT-OF-LEAVE MEN. Every one who has a throat to be uarottcd or n pocket to Iks picked must rejoice with us to nee that a Commission is appointed to enquire into the failings of the ticket-of-lcavc Rystem, to which mainlv it is owinir tlmt one cannot walk in safety from one street to the next If the Commission docs its duty, we trust that robberies with violence will with violence be punished, and that the brutes who strike and strangle a man behind his back will have their own well scarified by the cat. Meanwhile, Sir Joshua Jebh had letter miiko the most of his sweet pets, and devise, if it lie possible, still further steps to make them cmnfmt, able. With this view, we would suggest that latchkeys should be furnished to all prisoners iu gaol, and that permission should bu given them to take their walks abroad, whenever they no wish, and to return to their snug cells at any hour of the day or night that it may please them, No rudu auc-stions should be asked as to how they spend their time when out of (uiod, and if, through some slight outburst of thuir poculative temperament, they happen to fall into the buiidg of the police, the production of their latch-keys should Ircu them from the charge, and lie thuir paMport back to prison when they feel inclined to go there. We would propose, too, that convicts who aro thought to lie reformed, and have by pious con duct obtained the proud distinction of certificates of leave, should, wlign discharged from prison, bo allowed to keep their latch-keys, that they may let themselves indoors again if they fwl ho ilin posed. Prisoners of late have been so petted ami made comfortable that, when their KcntcnccH art} out they must naturally nigh for the snug quartern they have left; and the possession of a latch-key would ensure their rcadininsion, and nnart- them the necessity of committing some fresh ciiuw in order to obtain it AMERICAN PEDIORKKS, Eothen, M.P., said in his Dimwit to Ills Bridge water constituents that every American triiil, if, lie could, to make put a ptxligreo that connccteit him with some distinuuislied English family. We, needed no ghost from the cast to tell us tl.at.. Everybody knows, or should know, that M.C Lincoln claims to lie the creut uncle of LoriJ Lincoln, and the godfather of the eminent batten whose partner, Mr. Bennett, is, according to Jamra Gordon licnnett his grandfather by the couxin'8 side once removed. Mr. Reward is the great nephew of Miss Sew.ird, the ikioIws oLLichficltl, and Mr. Chase is descended from tho poet Bonicv* ville. Mr. President Davis is thu cousin of LWt Maidstonc that was, ami Mr. Seymour is tho uikW of Messrs. Ditiny and Dauby Seymour. tieitcra\ Butler is a mcmlierof the Ormonde f ;umb\ though they are n -t very proud of him. and 1iq|m- that tiiu attempt that was made in old . times to hang a curtain Duke of Ormondo will bu repeated in n-- fcrence to his descendant, but with a differ wit result. General Banks is somehow related to the distinguished Protectionist of that name, \ymh accounts for the former taking such good cote of, himself, and Mr. Secretary Benjamin is. a distant relative of Mr. Disraeli. The llonourabjo Jaineti, Brooke, democrat, is cousin to th,Q. mjssiomiry. Rajah, and General Stuart in a decanted sou of the Vice- Chancellor, who cot\sidwa. hiuwelt tho lawful King of England, and nha has Huch hauu some legs that we should certainly vote for him, were there a vacancy. Mr. Quincy is the America^ representative of the KiiL'lisli Opium Eater, whereVy the -narcotic tendency of Q.'soratioiiR ib explaiwrn. Mr. Holmes is the lifty-Miventh cousin of th,tcele-s lirated Whipper-in, nnd consequently fiftv%«khtli, to Mr. Thomas Kiiox Holmes the eiu\u$nt rar.i Hanientary agent; and Mr. Norton i* quartos brother to the Honourable the Heal; of that name*. General Bragg is brother to thu eminent t'mujinjih, who always quotes Canning's verses about 'Bro- ther Bragg;' and General EoseBcron* is a lineal descendant of the unfortunate gentleman whoia, the Prince of Denmark, by a moat ohjectionaliJJS trick, caused to tve executed in Kngland. JJr. ?Mason claims pedigree- from the poet aud fnend; of Witlnole, and Mrs. Htowo is a niece of the. Duke of Buckingham. Lastly, Mr. WhiUier is a sou of Mr. Punch, and was therefore W cpuraoi originally named Witty, and it was orjy bis foolish, American ambition which induced him. to atterupl the ridiculous impossibility of being wittier than his parent. We are asliainetl to reproduce infor mation which is in everybtxly'ti possession, but wish Mr. Kinglake to know that the British public is not so ill-informed as he supposes. ilAXIJI FOR MOTHERS. The only hoop that you should wish to Bee your daughters wear is, a plain hoop of gold upon tho left fourth finger. THE BEECHES STOWK MANIFESTO. We have been requested to publish the following correspondence :— ' The Foreign Secretary to the First Lord of the Treasury. 'My dear Pahnerston-Have you read Mrs. Beecher Stowe's letter! Of course you will pretend that you have not; but you nee everything or get told of it, so I assume your knowledge of the con-' tents of the epistle. Now, what do you think of ladies interfering in matters' that don t concent them ? I opposed it at the time with all my might, for you know if there is one thing I hate more than another, it is writing unnecessary or violent or impertinent letters. But out went thu address from tlie ladies of England, calling on the Ame ricans to put down slavery; and now Mrs. Stowe regies to you that they are putting it down with all their might as fart as they can, and that tho English are sympathizing with the slaveowners. Of course this is only another case of a woman's one- sided and incomplete way of putting a matter; . but it is not a bad hit »nd nil this comes of our allowing females to exceed their functions. As for Shaftesbury, who pot the thing up, 1 hope he has the grace to feel attained of himself. 'Now, if I am to conduct the foreign affairs of this nation, 1 beg to signify most decidedly that i will not have any attempt at a reply to Mrs. EUwq made bv any of the ladies who move In «k naJ^: It Is quite enough to have to do with the Ant*, deans themselves, who are as petulant aad illogical as women, and as ungrateful; but I xiJl have nq more addresses from the women of KnghmL You will oe gooa enougn iubuuiuii aumiv&Dury.OKQQJK; out for a Bucceswir to ' Yours, very respectfully, \- V' , „ 'BUSSELL.' 'CheBham-place,* ' The First Lord of the Treasury to the Fprekn, ; . ? Secretary. '*'M 'My dear John— You are Irritated anil like many wise people, you instantly fly to pynahd Ink, and write a letter which is at once 'unnc-- ccssary, violent, and impertinent.' I cutf t' waste the short holiday left to me ip cavilling with a col league, but I beg to remind you that one of the first signatures to the Address to the Women of America was affixed by a leading member of the home of Bedford, and— but I abstain from .saying something else that you would say were our posi tion? reversed! . ???.'-, ; 'The ladies acted on impulse, and did what was quite right, as they always do. I will never l-a augry with anything a woman does uiitil she is unnatural enough toattempt to think. I am ready to defend them and the address against you, but surely we need not have a row. -.----. ; , , 'Feminine eloquence shall not go out as a foil to yours. Shaftesbury has got his hands full of bishop business and, en/re natu, has rather made - a mull of it He has no time to be concocting ' letters about liberatine Wack niggers while- he La making efforts for curtailing the liberty of, white workmen. As for hi* feeling ashamed of himself, I thought you knew him better. But be shall not annor you. . , ?': '.'? ' Keep cool, 'my dear John, for you have got a good deal of talk before you. I near Derby has promised to warm you up a little this session,;an(l he is a man of his Word. I don't want to make you uncomfortable, but Ithink you'll be glad when the next holidays come. ' Ever your*. ' PAUOBSrON. ' Broadlands.' - : IXNES WK1TTBK OV THE. BEACH. . \- ? ',Bt a shingle anrcuauK. ? - ?. This phrase, I ne'er could understand. - *? - 'The moaning of the tide,' . . ., Until I went to Brighton, and . - '.- i ?- -? Found,- there, 'twas the sea sighed. - 