1HE NEWS OF THE DA Z Although tho weather was oxtromely unfavorable, there was an uuusually largo attendanco at tho levee hold by his Excellency Sir Charles Darling, yester day afternoon, nt tho Exhibition Building. H.'s Excellency was escorted by a company of the Princo of Wales Volunteer Light Cavalry, under Captain Scott, and was received by a company of tho Royal Artillery, as a guard of honor, under Captain Pur cell. Tho Immigrants' Homo band was also in attendance, and very creditably discharged tlio duties devolving upon it. The concourso which, as usual, was assoinbled outside, testified their loyalty and their respect to tho representa tive of her Majesty by repeatedly cheering his Excellency as ho alighted from his car riage — a demonstration which his Excellency cour teously acknowledged before ontering tho building. Tho interior was litted up in tho samo way as 011 former occasions, but the galleries boing closed, on account of their insecurity, tho picturesque appear ance imparted by tho presence of tho ladies was wanting. About two hundred ladies, however, wero present, and wero accoinfnodated with seats in tho north aisle. Aftor tho entree admissions, tho £qp_erfOl presentations took place, and, in tlio courso of these, tho members of tho Legislative Council wero presented and announced by tho lion, tho President, tho members of the Legislative Assembly by tho lion, tho Speaker, tho members and officers of tho Corporation by his Worship the Mayor, and the members of tho University by tho VicoChan cellor, Dr Browuloss. At tho closc of the presenta tions, tlso Very llov. tho Vicar- General and tha Consular representatives presented addresses, to which his Excellency roturnod appropriate replied. Oil taking his departuro, his Excellency received testimonies of respect similar to thoso accorded him 011 his arrival. It was ordered that tho men recently onrolled for Now Zealand should muster at Colonel Pitt's offices, at ono o clock, yesterday. Owing to tho boisterous ' stato of tho weather but few wero present at tho appointed hour, but, aftor a while, a number mado their appearance, and wero marched in a body to the Golden Ago, lying at tho Australian Wharf. Aa others dropped in during tho courso of tho nftornoon thoy wero sent after their comrades, and it was an ticipated that, with tho contingents arriving from tho country, tho full number for whom accommoda tion existed would bo mado up, namely, ono hundred aud eighty. Tho vessol was to leavo tlio wharf in tho nftornoon, and it is probablo sho will bo ready for sea to-day or to-morrow. On going aboard, the men aro supplied with thoir allowanco of clothing and other matters, and aro subjected to rogular drill, as circutnstaucos pormit at sea. Jn referenco to tho movement aud as con taining information of tho numbers contributed by the country to tho passengers per Golden Age, wo givo tho following from our lilcs. Tho Mount Alexander Mail of yesterday, says : — ' A third party of volunteers from this district will leavo Castleinaine by tho midday train this day, tho num ber being about twenty, making iu all ninety (90). Upon inquiry from Dr. M'Nicoll, tho official medical ofiicer, wo find that of this numbor two-thirds con sist of unsuccessful miners, tho next includo artisans out of work, sncli as carpenters, bricklavers, cooks. printers, Ac., two or three clerks and a confectioner — a small proportion only aro marriod 111011 — and theso, without oxcoption, havo signed over most of thoir pay to bo sent by tho New Zealand Govern ment to thoir wives and families.' Tho Bondigo Advertiser informs us that Captain Skene was to talco away with him, by tho midday train, thirty two moro voliv-teors for tho Now Zealand war. On Tuesday, ten wero enrolled at Ballaarat, who woro also to arrivo in Melbourno yestordav. At length, through tho exertions of tho dotectivo police, tho ruffian has been arrested who ontored Mr Solomon's residence, on tho night of tho 27th ult., and assaulted tho servant girl who was loft in chargo. Ho was brought boforo tho City Court, yes terday, and remanded for seven days on two charges, ono of burglariously ontering the house, and tho other of attempting to commit a rape upon tho girl. Sho was brought to tho watch-houso to identify him shortly after I10 was arrested. When ho was first brought beforo lior sho fell down in a fit but ; after tho usual restoratives had been applied, sho soon recovered, when sho idontilied him as tho man who had assaulted her. On being remanded, ho said ho was in a position to bring forward evidence to provo an alibi, but that blcuis very doubtful in tho face of tho young woman's testimonv. A deputation, consisting of members of tho Tulla I'oop Road Board, waited, yesterday, upon tho lion, tho Commissioner of Railways and Roads. Thoy wero introduced by Dr. Evans, M.L.A., and Mr Levi, M.L.A. Thoir object was to represent that they had been unfairly treated, in conscquonco of a portion of tho district having beon annexed to Mal don, without their having boon consulted in tho ?matter, in accordance with tho provision mado by tho lion. 'W. H. F. Mitchell. Thoy stated that tho rovenuo arising from tho remaining portion of tho district would bo so small that tho board would scarcely bo ablo to meet its responsibilities. Mr Grant stated that tho annexation was mado by his predecessor, in compliance with numerous memorial^ on the subject, and it was, therefore, now boyonfi* his powor to interfere. A mooting of tho East Collingwood Rillo Com pany was held last evening at tho Willow Tree Hotel, for the purposo of enrolling membors undor tho new rules. Captain Sir Francis Murphy occupiod tho chair, and explained to thoso present tho nature of tho new regulations as bearing upon sovoral points about which some doubt appeared to oxist. Forty seven members of tho old company wero ro-snrolled, togothor with two formerly belonging to tlio baud, and six recruits. It wu3 stated that nino others might bo depended upon as willing to re-enrol. The original strength of tho company, including tho band, was only 08. It is proposed to petition tho chainnain of the municipality to conveno a public meeting in tho courso of next weok, for tho purpose of taking steps to secure to tho company its full complement of 150 men, and Sir Francis Murphy has promised to present a requisition for tho pur pose. Two men named Smith and Barton woro brought boforo tho City Court, yesterday, on three separate charges, namely, for boing absconders from Western Australia; for boing rogues and vagabonds ; and for burglary. Desperate characters and accomplished burglars, tho police were determined to inako suro that thoy should not escape. Thoy wero appre hended several weeks ago, on board the steamer Wonga Wonga, as bIio was hauling out for Sydney, 011 tho first of theso charges. When tho steamer roaelied Sydney, a carpet bag was fouud in tho borth they wero to have occupied, and as 110 0110 claimed it, tho steward, on the return of the vessel, handed it ovor to tho police. When opened, it was found to contain a largo quantity of housebreaking implements, and also a book on which the' namo of Miss Cairncross was inscribed. Tho owner wa3 found iu a young lady of that name, a schoolmistress at Williamstown. Tho pri soner Smith, it appeared, had stayed at lior mother's houso for several days as a boarder under tho namo of Marshall ; aud when ho left tho book was missed. The prisoners were thereby shown to liavo been tho owners of the bag, and, as it contained housebreaking implements, they wero both, undor tho Vagrant Act, sontencod to six months' impri sonment with hard labor. Upon tho other charge of burglary, they wore remanded till Friday. It ap peared that they had been resident in the city for soino time, ana naa attempted to commit a robbery at tho Royal Oak Hotel, Swanston stroet, where they resided. Ono evening, tho landlord 011 going to bed, found that tho lock of his bedroom door had been tampered with, and ho was obliged to force tho door open before I10 could got in. Nothing, however, had been stolen from tho room, as they wero doubtless unablo to -effect an entrance with out making such a noiso as would havo led to their immediate discovery. Mr Justico Molesworth was occupicd tho greater portion of yesterday, at tha Criminal Sessions, with tho trial of Peter Keenali, ono of the men who stuck- up a gold broker named Stack, between Daylesford and tho Bluo Mountain Rush, on tho 29th August, and robbed him of £300 in notos and gold. Tho other man con cerned, Patrick Cain by name, hud pleaded guilty to tho chargo the preceding day. The ont rago was committed under circumstances of unusual daring, in broad daylight, ou a public highway, and tho ovidonco was of so conclusivo a nature, tliero not being tho least attempt to controvert any of the material facts alleged for the prosecution, that it is no matter for surprise that tho jury returned a verdict of guilty without the least hesitation. Tho prisoner was remanded for Hentonco. Both men will probably bo brougl ' up this morning. Detective Black deserves credit for tho very clever manner in which I10 effected the capture of Keenan. Tho lattor, who is a tickot-of-leavo holder, of desperato and deter mined aspect, was caught asleep in an upper room in a boardinghOTiso in King streot, about two o'clock on tho mowing of tho 2nd iust. Black gained ad mittances to tho room by a lucky thought 'which promoted him to answer a query from within as to who asked for admission, by replying as though ho was tho porsou whom Keenun ap peared to havo addressed at a guess ns an intimate friend. Black very ingeniously followed up the trick, by grasping his man firmly by tho hand, inquiring affectionately after his health, nnd ho ? never relaxed his hold until he had secured his prisoner. Immediately upon discovering tho trap into which ho had fallen, which, as may bo imagined, ?was in a very short space of timo, Koennn tried to make for his bed, where it was afterwnrds dis covered ho had a revolver, loaded and capped, ready to hand, and thoro is no doubt that, had tho opportunity been allowed him, ho would not have hesitated to nso it, in order, to mako good his escape. At tho Criiuinal Sessions, yesterday, William Edwards was convicted of forging and uttering a j cliequo for £ 2 , and sentenced to two years' hard | labor 011 tlio roads ; and John Robinson, found j guilty of stealing a set of harness, received a sen tence of twelvo months' imprisonment. Tho following account of an 'affair of honor' is given in yesterday's M. A. Mail: — 'Yesterday morning two gentlemen, ono bearing the honorable title of ' the Marquis,' and tho other known as the wearer of tho Gleugary, resorted to tlint Kitting place for an affair of honor or the heart, ?called Milk maid's Plat, each determined to leave Jiimsclf in un disputed pes session of tho favor of a lovely maid who, at an hotel in Csstlemaine (botrowing its namo from tho whito of oliffs our fair Northern isle), dis penses not only tire tempting drops that cheer and inebriato, but also winning sra£es to captivato tho happy wights wlio venture within her magic circle. After the usual preliminaries -o tho drendful oom bat, tho signitl to fire was given. Both on mur derous deed intent essayed to discliargo their pistols' deadly load. Fortunately for ono, liis op- ; ponent's missotl lire, while liis own, boing of that ' particular bind suitablo ;'fer shooting round corners, ,? inflicted some slight injlny in that part in which the ! f gentleman's 'honor moro particularly lay.' j As another proof of1 tho splendid patclics obtain-j v| able in tho Beehive :roef, tho Tarrengowor Times, ,1 states that ' Mr S.'Isatcson, in the claim fcwiias hold; J' for eiglft years, obtained last week half a ton of' stono, which, upon 'being crushed at tho Groat: Western Company,, produced 108 oz of smelted gold.' f. The ordinary stuff ' in the inimediato vicinity of ' tlie patch yields aboill-i' oz per ton.' It will bo seen' fcom our advertising columnst-that measures havo 'been initiated in London, by tho Contrp-l Society of Vineyard Proprietors, to: prevent the-SRlo and exportation of a spurious article, iput up 'in Germany, 'in imitation of their brand, and -extensively shipped to tho colonies. '1'ho lahal on tho bottlo-is'ttliko in all particulars, savo -that I the cname of Henry VL. Leroy is substituted in tho «pu aions, for thal)«f A. Niox, A. Ynlleiu-Kls and- (Jo., in ?the genuino«arficlo. -Henry ? C. ? Sly lea, lately in tho employment of Messrs Wutsoc and Sons, warehousemen, - of this ?city, was brought boforo tho City Court, yestarday, *on- remand, -charged with embezzling the moneys of ?his employers. Threo separate * cases wero.proved, ?and upon . theso ho was committed 'for. trial, 'fl'liero nvpro severalirnoro against him, but ? they -wero not ?gone dntOji.juid ho was further remandod until (Friday, whrci tho investigation -will be. proceeded ?with. .Tliouc brought before . tJie ? court .yesterday wero committed recently, aitd wero for (.trifling ?amounts. ITiie prisoner had been in the .einploy iinent of tha'^ Tessrs Watson since December, I860, «t a salary -*».?' £3 10s por week. .His expenditure ;far cxceeduil Unit amount ; in.' fact,, according to tho tills found as his possession,! it seemed that in tho ?course ofi twelvemonths lie liad; spent over .£700 in ijewellory.,ni41. other nrticles. .Ho luid,.. however, ?escaped ?hoi^g' suspected, as ho representodi.tliat ho ?had. a private income of £300, per annum, ..wliich ho .received -from homo. At. a Beooiil meeting in tho.cstato of J.D.Solo aaon,,JheldintMie Insolvent Camt, yesterdays pro position .was:robmitted for tho. appointment. ct Mr Monroo.asitro.le assignee. As. tho application was opposed, tho i meeting wan adjourned for a weak in .order, to allap. timo for tho attendance of creditors. jSliokppeor chives way to Sheridan nt tho TJjeatro Royal. '.Henry tho Fourth' , Jius been withdrawn in-fav.or .of- 'ilhe Rivals,' which will ho produced toiiiiglit. . It.apjieurs that tho public aro not woaried of .tho .ghost i illusion or rather that somo werojtiis appointed .atiJta) sudden disappaaianco of tho spirits from tho bills. By special request tho manager.of; tlieiRoynl has.iniidertaken, like Given Glendower,*to recal ihem '' focm tho vasty deep' for two nights; only— tliis evening aud to-moraH7. On Saturday Mr Sullivan will ;play Uuon in Kcowles's play of * ' Lo,ve.' ,Tlio: fallowing Saturday' Tho Merchant;] of Venice' wilibc produced in splendid style. Mrij Hennings ,lias. .be«:i for some time .busily engaged! upon ihe scenery:fcr this revival. J To-njght .at ithe Princess's Theatre a compil-! mentary iirewell .benefit nnd presentation will be given to Miss Jnlia.Mathews by the wombers of tho Melbourne Garrick.ond Orpheus Clu)«. The per formance (mnateui;) -.Trill commence with Dion Bou cicault's comedy, in fivo acts, entitled tho 'Irish Heiress.' After which tho presentation will bo made. A vsledictory.&ldress;, written for the occa sion by W. M. Akhurat, Esq., will ho .-spoken by Miss Matthews., .and jtiho entertainment '.will then conclude with Byron's sparkling burlesque .of ' Fra Diavolo, or the Beauty and tho Briganckj' with the original music and .dances, &c.; 