ENGLISH NEWS. Tue following is tlie lotter from our London correspondent:? Tim i'EMri.E, Jone, 1803. Tho Priuco and Princess of Wales have hoon busily engaged all tho season in festivi- ties of various kinds. Not a day has passed without somo banquet, or shot**, or procession. At ono timo thc Princo lins to bo made a Merchant Taylor, or a member of somo other guild, then ho is uncovering a monument to his father in thc gardens of tho Horticultural Society, and walking bis brido round tho gardens, so that thc thousands of visitors may cadi have a good stare at her; thou they nro lending tho npplauso nt amateur theatricals or fashionable concerts, besides visits to tho two operas and to tho principal theatres, and honoring with their prosenco tho balls and banquets of thc loading mem- bers of thu aristocracy. Tho two principal entertainments in which they have taken part wero thc groat bali given in their honor by tho corporation of London in tho Guildhall mid tho Oxford commemoration. For tho city entertainment, tho Guildhall wns mag- nificently fitted up; a wonderful display was made of all tho plato belonging to tho groat city companies, and tho list of tho guests included tho most illustrious and distinguished names in England. Tho Prince was made a freeman of tho city with tho customary for- malities, mid afterwards oponed tho ball. Everything passed off in tho most satisfac- tory manner, and tho entertainment wns one of tho most splendid that ovor tho City of London has ever given Tho Oxford Commemoration took plnco last week, mid tho Prince and Princess went through throe days thorough hard work. In tho day time there woro flowor shows and ba zaars to bu oponod, voluntoor reviews nnd boat processions to bo witnessed, besides the official business of walking in procession nnd listening to speeches, and in tho ovoning tlioro woro balls. Thc scone nt tlie theatre when tho degrees woro conferred and tho usual spocciios were made, was very amusing. There was more noiso nnd chaff going on amongst tho undergraduates than on nny previous Commemoration within living me- mory, mid tho.celebrated A division of police ?which had boen brought from London to koop order in tho town?were utterly as- tonished at tho row. Tho outhusiasm of loyalty whorovor tho Princo nnd l'rincoss ap- peared, can bo bettor imagined than doscribed. Two youthful students who bud thu task of public'y roeitinc mi odo a picco to thoir royal visitors, cunio to great griof, and no wondor, considering tho quality of tho poetry, tho doiuonstrutivo character of the audience, nnd their own norvousuoss. Tho only drawback upon tho generil enjoyment wns tho wonthor, which, on the first day, was as bad as it could be, tho rain descending iu torrents from morning till night. Her Majesty and tho younger brnnchos of her family havo returned to Windsor from Balmoral. Tho Queen of Prussia is on a visit to thom. At tho end of tho mouth tho Queen is going to pay a visit to Germany, and to stay at tho castle of Rosoiian, in Suxo Coburg, tho birth-pliico of Prince Albert. Her Majesty has shown herself in publio ratlior moro, nnd has boen particularly interested in the Albert memorial nt tho Horticultural Gardens, which was " inaugurated," as it is called, with great eclat, in tho prosenco of tho Prince and Princess a fortnight ugo. Discussions upon tho affairs of foreign na- tions has again taken up tho greater part of tho time of thu two houses of parliament. It appears that wo aro in a difficulty with tho Empire of Brazil, and matters havo como to such a pass that diplomatic relations havo been broken off, and tho Brnzilim: ambas- sador, M. Morcirn, has left London. Thora nro two causes of quarrel;?ono arising out of tho wreck of n Bristol vessel on tho Bra -Ailinn coast, and tlic alleged plunder of thc cargo and murder of sonic of tho crow ; tho other respecting au insult suid tn havo bean passed upon throo British naval ofliccre by a Brazilian officer in command of a guard with which tho three Britons ono night managed to come into collision. Tho hitter question wns referred to tho King of tho Bolgians for arbitration, uud bu lins just docided it in favor, it is said, nf Brazil. 'Thc first question, aftor a groat deal of negotiation nnd corres- pondence, wns sottlod by authority being given to Mr. Christie, the English minister at Brazil, to cnl! upon tho English fleet to mnko reprisals. Ho exorcised this power, and tlie English inon-nf-wnr in thoso waters seized upon asufiiciuutniiiiiburofBrnziliau merchant nioii tocovor tho demand forcoinpunsntion mado by thu British govcrnniont, mid towed thom into tho harbor of Rio. Tho Brazilians woro very indignant nt theso strong measures, nnd insisted upon an apology being made for tho mannor in which thc reprisals had been carried into effect. Lord Russell refused to apologise beyond giving an nssurancc that ho did not intend any insult to tho Brazilian govornmont, and tho Brazilian government accordingly recalled their minister. Every ono is vexed that a little quarrel of this sort could not bo amicably arranged, and several discussions linva taken place about it in par linmeiit. On thc ono hand it is said that Earl Russell has boon harsh and hasty in dealing with a wonk but high spirited state, and that ho has placed loo much rulimico un Mr.Ohristionndontho.Britishconsiil.whohave fomented tho ill- feeling instead of oudoavoring to smooth it; whilo on tho other hand tho Brazilian govornmont aro charged with having hoon so dilatory and evasive in ail their proceedings, mid to havo shown so much reluctance to mnko enquiry into thc circum- stances of tho case, mid to bring tho offenders tn justice, if any offence had boen committed, that her Majesty's government lind no alter- native but to tako the matter into their'own hands and to clo justice for thomsolvo3. Tho diplomatists continue to bo vory busy on Ibo subject of Poland. Tlioro are aro no signs of tho suppression of tho insurrection ; ?indeed, ns far as can bo judged from thu Taguo and untrustworthy reports wo receive, its area lins extended, and it now embraces not onlv thc Poland of the trenty of Vienna, but tho" old kingdom ns it oxisted in tho last century beforo the first partition. Dreadful details of tho atrocities committed on both sides arc published, many of them, no doubt, too true A Russian General, Moiiravioff, wns reported to havo issued a proclamation that all women who wore mourning (that being the sign by which tho ladies of Poland show their sympathy with tho insurrection), and all whoso husbands did not lay down their arms wero to bu punished with thc knout. Earl Russell took tho first opportunity of expressing iiis incredulity of tho oxistenco of this disgusting order, rind Lord Palmerston has denied it upon tire authority and at tho request of tho Russian government. The threo powors?England, France, and Austria, have sent notes to St. Petersburg of which thc following summary has been pub- lished in the French papers:? "Tho throo notes which will bo presented to Princo GortschalcofF in a few days aro, of course, couched in tho courteous and friendly terms which distinguished tho Russian roply. They commonco by congratulating Russia upon having understood that tho best method of settling the Polish complications in a pacific and lasting manner was to submit thom to tho calm mid equitnblo examination of the European Council. For this purpose tlie three Courts propose the mooting of a conference composed of tho Powers which signed tbe final treaty of Vienna. Through Princo Gortschakofi'.'tlic Emperor Alexander II. invited tho three Courts which signed tho notes of tho 10th of April to lend Russia their assistance iii accelerating tho realisa- tion of tho wisli which they had expressed in tho name of lminnnity and of tho permanent interests of Europa. Tho preliminary bases of negotiations have boen drawn up by thu Cabinets of Paris, Loudon, and Vienna, in order to respond to this overture. Tho de- velopment and application of theso bases, in- trusted to tho caro of an European con- ference, would suflico to roplaco Poland in a condition of lasting punco. Tho Notes of tho Powers contain tho six points agreed upon hy thu three Courts, und offer them to Prince Gortsclinkoir as tbe preliminary basos of ne gociations, reserving thoir ulterior dovclop ?neut to tho subsequent Congress. Tho respective notes also touch upon tho question of ii susponsidn of Hostilities between Russia anti thu insurgent Poles." A dobnte upon Poland was to have taken placo on Monday, in thc House of Commons, but a majority hoing of opinion that it ought to bo delayed until tho answer of tho Russian Government to tho notes of tho throe Powers had boon roceived, it was postponed. Lord Palmerston, hoivovcr, stnteel tho six points which had boon submitted to tho Itusslnn government. Ho said:?"Thero can ho no impropriety in stating to tho house tho sub- stance of thc communication which wo, in con- cert with Franco and with Austria, submit for tho consideration of Russia. Thoso sugges- tions or recommendations aro comprised in six points. Tho first is n general and com- plete amnesty. Tho next is ii national repre- sentation according to tho constitution granted hy Alexander I. in ISIS. It is fair to say that tho Austrian govorninont lako a somo what modified viow of that proposal} but our opinion is that to comply with the justoxpec tations of thc Polish nation the parliament should bo un tho footing of tho chnrtor granted hy Aloxandor. This is tho third point?that Poles alono shall bo appointed to public ollices, nutt that n separata and national administration shall ho appointed, such as will command'tho confidence of tho country. Tho fourth is full andontiro liberty of conscience, mid repeal of tho restrictions on Catholic worship. Fifthly, that tho Polish language shall bo acknowledged in tho king- dom na thc oflicinl liingungo for administra- tion, law, and education. And, sixthly, that n regular nnd lognl system of recruiting shall bo established, so as to prevent the recurrence of proceedings such as those which immedi- ately heralded tho insurrection. In addition to thoso points wo recommend and strongly tirgo that there shall bc n cessation nf hostili- ties, because, in our opinion, unless tho con- tests between tho insurgents, on thc ono hand, and tho Russian troops on the othor, bo put mi end to, nogocintions cannot rust on any stablo or satisfactory basis. Tho Austrian govcrnmout do not actually concur in all these views, but they urge tho Emperor some- what to tho same effect." Tho unexpected success of tbe opposition candidates in Paris and tho other chief towns in Franco lins lcd to some ministerial changes, mid M. du Porsigny, whoso bad management wns ono of tho chief causes of tho catastrophe, mid who is not only unpopular with tho coun- try nt largo hut aiso on bad terms with his colleagues, is to bo displaced from tho Minis- try of tho Interior. M. Walewski also retires and is roplncod by M. Billnult. Tho Lugisla tivo Chambers havo not yat met. It is said, that tho Empress is making preparations for mi excursion to Jerusalem in. tho autumn. A fow days ugo Mr. Roebuck and Mr. Lindsay paid n visit, to Paris mid had an interview with tho Emporor, at which thoy urged him to rotioiv his proposal to tho English govern- - ment for a diplomatic intervention in Ame- rica, with a viow of putting a stop to tho war. His,Miijosty intimated his readiness to act in concert with tho English govorninont, and has instructed tho French Ambassador in Landon to make another application to her Majesty's government. Ho has also obtained tho concurrence of tho Spanish govern- ment. Tho rocont favorable nows from Mexico of tho capture of Puolln by tho French troops under General Forcy, will strengthen his hands in any now enterprise of this kind that ho moy foci disposed to mulei'take. Tho King of Prussia mid his minister, Count Bismnrt, havo come to nu opon rup turo with' their parliament, and it has hoon prorogued without voling tho supplies nsketl for by his Majesty. Thoro woro, however, sufficient funds ut tho disposal of tho govern- ment, frou from tho control of parliament, to enable them to elispensu with frosh tuxes for a timo, mid thoy aro now engaged in trying thu experiment which was tried rather moro than 200 years ago hy an English king nnd liis ministers. Thu country is almost unani- mous in its approval of the conduct of its rc prosoutativoB, and it lias boon nccossnry to put tho Prussian Press under n censorship ns Htrict ns thnt of Franco. Evon tho Crown Princo of Prussia is opposod tn tho suicidal policy ol' his father, and lins lind tho courngo and candour publicly to oxprcss his opinion. Thero is no improvement in thc American nows. General Grant is bosioging Vicksburg on the Mississippi, hut it has ns yet held out against his assaults. General Leo lias left thu bank of thu Rnpahnniinclc, and the Fede- rals aro apprehensive that hu is proparing fill- an incursion into Northern territory. Somo negro regiments havo boon raised hy tho Fudorals, and sonic dreadful accounts havo been received of tho first collisions between thuin ami tho Confederate troops. Quarter is neither given nor received, mid tho blacks when thoy mo disarmed fight savngoly with tooth and nails. A groat pouco mooting lins been held in Now York, hut its only result luis boon tho passing of somo ompty l-ostilu tions. Tho govorninont hus given no sign ol' any disposition to put an end to tho war. Tho trial of tho riiio nisi for tho criminal information ob tai nod at tho instance nf tho Euri of Cardigan against Colonel Calthorpe, hits resttltod in tho rule being discharged. A number of affidavits woro filed on both sides, tho whqlo history of tho affair was told over and ovor again, mid tho result appeared to bo that tho imputations upon thc gallantry of tho Earl were unfounded?that ho did lido into tho Russian battery nt tho hoad of thu brigade, mid that tho question " Was Lord Cardigan a hero nt Balaklava?" must bo answered in tho affirmative Tho rule was discharged, hocausu it carno out that Colonel Calthorpe had somo yours ago destroyed tho unsold copies of his hook, containing tho misstatements complained of, in consequence of tho representations of a friend of Loni Car digan. Tho same court is now occupied with tho investigation ol'another military quarrel, of many years standing, between Colonol Dick- son and tho Earl of Wilton, which came beforo it in tho shape of_ an notion, hy Col. Dickson ngninst Lord Wilton, Lord Coinhorinoro, tho Lord Lieut, of thu Tower Hamlets,, and General Peel, ox Secretary for War, for con- spiring to romovo him from tho post of Liuut. Colonol of that rogimont, of which Lord Wil- ton was tho Colonel. A vory serious chargo is now hanging ovor tho head of a colonel commanding a regiment stationed in India; no loss than that of hav- ing oruolly caused tho doath of a Scrjcant Mnjor, of his regiment. It appears that Col. Crawley, some time ago, siiccocduel to thu command of tho Enniskilloii Dragoons, a fine cavalry regiment, in n good state of disci- pline, stationed at Mergni. Soon after Col. Crawley had joined, dissensions bioko out between him and somo of his officers, origi- nating, it is said, in a question whothor a divorced lady who had married ono of them was to ho " received" or not. The result was that open hostilities were declared between tlie Colonol nnd Captain Smalas, tho jiny mnstor; tho latter wrolo a letter to tho Colonel, and tho Colonel had a court-martial summoned to try tho paymaster for insubor dinatiou. Amongst tlie witnesses against tho Colonel wore three iion-couiinissioncd officers, ono of whom was Sorjeniit-Mnjor Lilley. As soon as it became known to the Colonel that those iinne-eotniiiissioned officers wero to be called ns witnesses un behalf of Captain Sinnlcs, ho brought a charge of conspiracy against them, for which, ns it afterwards turned out, there wns not a shadow of foun- dation, and had thom placed under arrest. Lilley had a wife who was near her confine- ment, and tlie effect of this order was that a sentry was placed at the door of his hut, whoro his wife was lying ill, and ho tvns nover permitted to leave it. This was bad onough to confine two persons, ono of them an invalid, in a small closu room, under nn Indian sun, but the Colonel wcntstill further. Itu placedLilleyiindercle.se arrest, that is, tho sentry was stationed inside thu hut, so that he might never lose sight of his prisoner. After enduring this torture for a few days, Lilley was taken ill nnd died, nnd a report was made to head quarters that his death had been caused by indulgence in ardent spirits. In support of tliis accusation, reference was made to a hill which a native had sent in for spirits supplied to him during tho last few tvooksof his life. It'.'iow'Appears thnt thoso spirits had been supplied by tdd doctor's orders tu tho invalid wifo, mid that poor Lilley himself was as sober a man ns over breathed. Ito lindUeCiininny yoars in thonrniy.iindboroa vory high character, but he was sent to li is grave mid his momory wns slandered by n chargo of drunkenness, becattso ho had tho c'di'ftflgo to tell thc truth when it wns disagreeable to his coniinnndiiig-officer. Tho docisiou of thc court-martial was, of oourso, in tho Colonel's favor. Tho military authorities in India bucked up tito Culonoli and upon an appeal being made to tho Horse Gnni'ds; tho Duke of Cambridge backed up tho military aiitlloil ties, and pronounced a mild consuro upon Colonel Crawley, still, -however,'retaining him in his command. Tho matter has since been brought boforo pnrliamoiit, and tho Duke of Cambridge has declared that when bc pro- nounced his judgment upon it, ho wns in ignorance of tho real facts. A court- martial has now boen ordered upon Colonel Crawley, and ho will havo an opportunity of laying bo- foro lils countrymen any dofenco that lie may have to make. If ho Ima ho dofenco, hu will uot bo able, now that public intention lins boon directed to tho case, to oscnpo tho just punishment of bis mis- conduct. An important cause has just boen tried in tho Court of Exchequer, - arising out of tho American war. Tho Federal government havo made loud complaints uf- niust tho English government for conniving nt tlie building mid equipment of vessels of war for tho Confederates in English ports, nnd arc almost disposed to hold thurn liable for tho depredations of tho Alabama, tho Florida, and other vessols which havo boon launched from British yards. At last thc English government, acting'upon Informa- tion convoyed to it by Mr. Adams, tho Ameri- can minister, seized n vessel called tho Alex- andra, in tho yard of a builder at Liverpool, and instituted a suit in thc Exchequer for bur forfeiture to tlic crown, undor the Foreign Enlistment Act of 1819. Of courso, tho ense for Hid crown depended, in groot moasiiro, upon ibo ovidonco of spies in tho employ- ment of Mr. Adams who had cither dosortod from thc sorvico of tho Confederates, or hnd obtained their information hy protending to bo in tho Confederate intorest. Thc Lord Chief Unron directed tho jury thnt thorn was nothing contrary to law in building a vessel and offering it for salo to cither of two belli- gerent States which bid tho highest prico for it, or in uxeouting mi ordor for a vcssul given by n belligerent. Tho oll'cnco against which thc Act was directed wns, ho said, not tho moro building of a vessel, but thu arming mid equipping bur in a British port for thu pur poso of levying war upon a Stato at peace with this country. On thut ruling tho jury at onco returned a verdict for tho defendants. A bill of exooption wns tendered, but tho pro- positions of tho Lord Chiof Union appear to bo so unimpeachable that lhere is littlo pros poet of their being overruled by tho court. Tho death of a girl employed in tho work- shop of Madama Elise, a court dressmaker in Regent-street, lins once moro nttrnetod atten- tion to tho sufferings of poor needlewomen. Working from six in thu morning until nine nt night, and on tho ovo of a court ball or any other great foto until the next morning, and sleeping in close and ill-ventilated rooms, no wonder that their lives aro often sacrificed to tho oxigonoies ol' fashion. Mary Ann Walkley, a girl of twenty-two, was found dead in her bcd ono nilli nine, mid an inquest was held, and the facts wero made public. It is pain- ful to reflect upon tho number of oases of tho same kind thnt aro occurring daily in tho courso of a London sonson Hint puss without notico. Thu govornmont lins bean asked to interfere, but in such a case legislation is useless. Tho ladies ¦wlio patronise thoso establishments have tho matter in their own bands, and ns long us they insist upon having their gula cost ii ines mado up in tho cdnrsu of a few hours, and arc willing lo pay for tlie gratification of their caprice, so long will milliners mid dress- makers loso health and life iu working for thom. Tho International Exhibition of last year lins loft a memorial of its cxistonco in tho slinpo of ono of tho finest jobs thnt was over jobbed. It wns, unfortunately, a complete failure in n pecuniary point of view, mid tho contractors, Messrs. Kelk mid Lucas, wero obliged to iiuiku tho Commissioners a present of £15,000 in order to snvo thom from bank- ruptcy, lt is now proposed that thu nation ahull purchase tho ground occupied by Ibo Exhibition building from thu Royal Commissioners for £120,000, and tho building itself for £80,000, bosidos anollior £20,000 for sonic 'refreshment rooms nnd other buildings attached to it. Now, considering flint thc laud was purchased with tho profits dori veil from tho Exhibition of 1851, contributed by tho public, and that tho nation is in no vory pressing need of a tract of land nt Brompton, this is rather a startling proposal; hut thu case as to tho building is even worso. Tho contractors aro bound to remove it within n curtnin timo, mid it is said by many persons who ought to bu judges that tho salo of thu materials would not pay for tiio oxpenso of removal, bo that tho contractors would malta a good bargain if Ihay got it off thoir hands without receiving a fiirthing for it. Others, however, ostimnto thu vnluo ol' thu materials nt £30,000 It is admitted that ns it stands it is fit for nothing, mid that if it is to ho turned to nny uso nt nil, it will bu ne- cessary to mako now foundations, to rofloor it, to roroof it, to remove or to alter tho domes, and entirely remodel and reconstruct tho interior, so thnt tho nation would receive for its outlay tho plain brick walls on thc outside. But tho first oxpenso would bu a trifle. Of courso when thc building is bought it most bo used. Tlioro must bo annual votes for maintaining and repairing it. Something must bu put into it, and in courso of timo thu fixtures in tho National Gallery, various museums, mid Schools of Scionco mid Art, and somo of thu collections in tho British Musoum, would naturally find there way to Brompton Such a largo and magnificent omnium gelhcrum must havo a proper staff to take caro of it, nnd 'with a dopartmont of Scionco and Art with Wentworth Dilke, Colo, C. B, mid other well-known names, there will bo no diffi- culty in finding any number of nctivo and zealous officors of overy grade, who would bo outittcd to mid would rccoivo liberal salaries for their services. Tho Ken- sington Museum has proved bow much cnn bo douo on a small scale Unfor- tunately tho intrigues of jobbers who havo taken scionco mid art in England under their exclusive patronage, nnd who havu boen equally successful in tho development of science and mt mid of their own fortunes, have acquired great influence in high quar- ters in consequoiico of tho countenance given thom on somo occasions hy tho late Princo Consort. Tho lenders of both parties in par- liament have been unable lo reHist tbe infill enco thnt lins been brought to bear on thom for tho purpose of inducing thom to support this magnificent project; it was perhaps im possible that iii their position thoy should resist it. Tho Press nlso, with some few ex- ceptions, has connived nt it. But in spite of all thero is n strong fueling against tho pinn, nnd when Lord Palmerston, thu other night, moved a vote of £75.000 towards tho purchase of thu land, a division took pince and a consi- derable minority entered thoir protest against it. Thu govornmont nro satisfied with what thoy have gol for tho present; tho vote for the building bas huon deferred, and there ure rumours thut it will be withdrawn. Thc "Essays and Reviews" have travelled to tho Judicial Committee of thc Privy Coun- cil, and their Lordships arc now engaged in hearing the appeals of the Rev. Mr. Williams and Uie Rev. Slr. Wilson against Hie sentence of tho Dean of tho Arches, condemning somo portions ol' tho hook hs unorthodox. A suit is pending in tho Divorce Court in which Miss Victoria Balfe, (ho daughter of the well-known composer, prays for a decla- ration thut her marriage with Sir J. F. Crampton, formerly ambassador nt St. Peters- burg, anil now, I believe, at Madrid, cele- brated some throe years ago, may ho pro- nounced mill and void. Tho presont season ia tho gayest that has boon known in London for many years. Balls, banquets, fetes, fancy fairs, aro going on day after day; concorfs nnd entertainments with, out number compote for public patronage; and all tho thoatrcs and both tho operas appear to flourish. At her Majesty's, tba opera of Faust, by a Fronch composer, M. Gounod, has been produced for tho first timo in Eng- land, with great success; and it is also in 10 hearsal flt Convent Gurdon. At tho Prin- cesses, a Kroncli nclreas, Mdllo. Stella Colas, has just made her dobtit ns Juliet "in Eng- lish," and is vury much proisedby tho critics of tho press. Madame Ristori is playing the Italian, or rather tho French classical drama in tho Italian language. At tho Hnyuinrkot, a new comedy, by Lady Gifford (hotter known by hoi- fonnor titlo of Lady DuH'orin", called Finosso has lind a Rood run. It is very amusing, nnd well neted. Tho Adelphi and some of thu minor theatres aro relying upon nn invention lately patented by Professor' Pepper, whereby a ghost can bo produced on tho stage, a real ghost such as was never soon beforo, visible but impalpable and trans- parent. If tho present warm weather con- tinues and tho houses of parliament are pro- rogued, ns it is expected they will bo boforo tlie end of July, thero will bo a general rush out of town in n very short timo, and tho soasou will ho as short as it lias been bril- liant. Captain Spoke and Captain Grant, tho Afri- can travellers, havo arrived in this country. Thoy have received a hearty welcome from all classes, and aro thu " lions" of tho day. An influential deputation, headed by Lord Alfred Churchill, M.P., Mr. Tito. M.P., Mr. Marsh, M.P., Mr. Vansittart, M.P., mid Mr. Potts, M.P., had nu interview with tho Duke nf Newcastle, nt tho Colonial-office, on tho subject of forming North Australia into a soparato colony. Tho desirableness of tlie homo govorninont tnklng tho initiative in tho matter, and nt once forming a distinct Coun- try, to bo prusided over hy ft governor, with judges and other officials appointed hy tho home authorities, wns specially urged ou his graco hy Sir Cllnrlos Nicholson, Uart., on tho ground that capitalists who might ho disposed toeinhnrk their funds in tho now colony would do so with much greater confidence nuder proper security and a valid title from a direct representative of tho imperial government. To this suggestion tho Dnko of Newcastlu in effect roplicd that thoro could bu no uso in appointing a governor and staff, ns thcru would, in reality, ho no people tn govern, and that tho homo government would, there- fore, not be justified in asking ii vote ol'£3000 to £o000 per annum for such a purpose. His grace, however, suggested that it might be desirable for the Queensland authorities to send a special commissioner from Brisbane, to reguliito tho formation and superintend tho progress of tho proposed now colony. _ Ho nlso stated thnt his original idea and inten- tion was to annex North Austral!-*, absolutely to Queensland, intimating nt tho snllie.' time, however, that ho cons tiered tho timo woi.'.'d arrive, in tho course of two or tinco years, when a soparato colony would lie obliged to lie formed. Meantime tho duke did not hesi- tate to say thnt emigrants may go thero and settle on tho laissez faire system, although, ns already notiood, ho ultimately contemplates tho interference mid protection of tho home authorities. An American pnpor states that tho Ponsion oflico itt Washington lins lately recorded tho nineteen-thousandth application of wives mado widows hy thu war. 