S tSCELL.L NE'GUS. off Sieve'ir:l cases or rst-bite n t,,s h:te tea4 octu.llrr.d I .n the1 Du4 t .:iit: L. so: tLi T'P i'ri:n:o ,nu Prit4,.i N ..il.ap ou clh.j have arrivedll a Alex:iiilria. In Cllharleston tea is t; dollars or 2-1. Le, a pound. bei The Mtidgeo nsmil has been again cat: " stuik-u ." oi100i Ibloning _lt tlhe chl Jouit Stlck 3.ui.h Is been stoletn. Daniiel O'Coinneill, 4on of the repealer, crni hlas been alpointed special coiumiisiuner at 01 inicme4 tax. 4Hit Ali anvil hisA beeu cast at Shieffil. 18 wenighling 100 tna, by fir the largest casting ever made in England. em Inlpectr 4'Leio is still blIeily eni- at cagedl in the Lachlaln district arranging tei the ipolice to snppres Ibnusih-ranlgin ,. 4ul The ship Ann lBrighit ha:s arrivel at Ancklandi, with 903 rank iand filO of the al4, 18tshRoyvl lrish egiiment. Ila Tlho recenlt fl io:s have done serious wi injuries to theo ahe inneric nlo felitan,giir- s14 ing estublishments near (Geeloag. At i recent trial in Franc nll old in woman, 106 years of age, gave evid:,ence Bl in it very clear anld strai'gltl'rward fo, l4anne4r., • 44 An nrlnmnlr-clad vessel, the " LRolf tt Krake," htas bee, Ilaunched on. the Clyde, ,?o by Messrs. R1. Napieir and Soad, for tihe Danish invy. fi The Istamboll is to sail from Mel- Jr iboarneon thle lot prox. for Oiihia. She IsH will take i300 Colestials back to their in conllntry. g The'llu allniversary of the battle of the of l1nv4e was celebrated in the Melbourne dti 'roiteotant Hall, the Zi-on. J; P'. 1awk ier, M.Ib.C. in tll chair. P: The Ciaduceus, of 1103 tons, sailed en froml Soll3haptoulln for tMelbourne, oil the in, 5th of May, with 396 i Giverinmiiolt eili- or grants. ex The Madras. arrived in Sydney on Thursday evoening, after a runt of forty- 1? seven lhours from Mlelbolnre. Trhis i+ ar, the quickest plassage from wharf to wharf mi on record. Mr. Hart, Treasurer of the new Adeo. ea laide Ministry, stated on Thursday last it that the present Ifinistry intendled carry- out ing out the Tarif Bill of tho late G?tern- wi meat in all its integrity. oI , be A warrant; of cnio ittal has been issued .tlhe against Patrick Costello, Into M.L.A, by ve the LearmOuth Bench, for the sun of C. £15 Bs. Gd. ancd costs, due to three *R' lalourihng menl . ai4 T'lheSpectator says the amount realiised in for the Bicknell collection of pictures 'o was £5S,600. Three pictures printed by Landsaeer made an average of £2,215 e? acch. in The Walik'itos have sent a challenge to ti the Governor of Now Zealand to come fl out with the troops and fihllt them, other- bu vise they woihl intlake them, by occupy- at ing the ilell Block. v A richly ornamented sword and a ser- gI 4vice of ioilver plate, bIronght by the late tI Imail, have Ie: recehived i Mlelboirne. n4 Thlley ami fr preseIi ntationl fro the Vic- tr torian Volintteers to Mijir Pitt. The w 1w,4rd has bonl valiiedl at £?0. Afltr tihr.e dai' investigation before 5 the 1cit4 binh,:i, three 44f.the Directors of n .the.Prtvi lent Inatiinto wtrea committed for tri ,l-namely, Thowl ire 1"lHacoe, 1k, I lenry LPownlal S4wecll, anld Arthur An 1 dersll.. T i puI' lilcaiontion of the ILllularaol 'tribtte .i.s .ben 4aspe4led, b 4t the a i"po.rietor i 4is0S the' suspension will be It \- ioly tmlhp.,ratry, andl that in tile coursa t of :1 fortliglht the journal will agaili maket4 to ap l rlllalnllce. f.he T Inmembers of the Ballarat Turf tl Club have votedl a sum of £2,000 to q Senabhle the stewards to prepare their pro- a Sgraimlo of the nelxt races on thile Ball- i Srat colurse. £1,000 isto be devoted to the cllamplion race. The Revenuoe dltectives have been miaking raids in Melbourne on the whole- I sale spit it dealers for selling single hot ties. Finles of thirty pounds anll two ctuineas costs, have been inflicted in all Ii Ic0ases proved to the siatisfactiou of the , magistrates. A oman who recently. nominated him- I self at Avoca, in oppositionl to Mr. Grant, a was charged betbre the lnglewooil besich i on' Tuesday week last with abusive lan , nageO. Th'le wonuld-be M.L.A., lhow s ever, could 4not find security for £10, i and vas accordingly locked ulp. it A match has been run on the Singa v pore race- course betweeton ai Arab adul o an Australian horse. The Arab was the a favorite until the straight running, when I I the punislhment shllowcd that the pace e was too Inuch, and the Australian cnlame in 4a winner. The Anglo Saxon, which left Liver of pool for the St. Lawrence with 441 souls ,t on board, was totally wrecked near Cape aa Iace on the 16th April. Out of the , crew and passengors 207 were saved- a ill the renaiilder, ilcludilng tl1 captaini 0 were drowned. Tihe cargo and mails were lost . The JWeekiy Dispaltc has again beei Staking up the cuidgels against Vilctiris. . Tlcyhewarn tile publlic to beware of being 0 c0au.ht by lanr-traps, alnd, say that six . col?umissioners andi a chief comlnissioneri 1 are cinhliig from Victoiia (Australia) to i entice f'olkc to go out 0and be uiserable1 e in that place. , Tihe Argus of thle 1Gth says thalt a SClhinese lady anld an interestilg little girl \- were leldcd at Saodridgo on tihe pre \- vio4us diay. They w.ere accompanlied by nt a unmbcr of Celestiols, lwho aLppLeared to 44 belouln to a better cldes thlii usually , comoe to this cblony. The I4on hlircd of cabs, and the lady was nccomlmodatcd i whith a close car iage and pair, wlhen they . alln droves ot' to town. A nl inquest lhas been held at ,ltke field ol the bolly of Williani Smitlh, a 0 caivict, goel 33:. Prisoner was son d tenced in October last to three years' k enalu servitudo for stealing hoots, and "was received in \VlWaketicld prison in No 4v4 ,mh4er4 fr4ont the Chester City iol. SBeingi of a lazy dislositiou, hie soon began Sto affect illness, witlh the view 0of esceal ing "ork, and4 one moiinig he was f4o4ld ilead io lhis ceil, ,roving jiust hlinged hiii s' celf bculild tile door. The fueltsdisclosced Icl thie jury to rclirni thle ibllowing eio" angacius'" verdlict :--" Hanged hi g self probablv with thie intentio of builig d folndl by il4e wiarders, nodll obtaliliing relief from work anid disciplieo," 'iThe Earl of AlibrdIen is iaikiinr an ,ff,rt for the rwlease of the Spanish Pro- liar testault Mi.tanl?ras. ''The no-ble lord is 'I said to love sit out for Spain on his witl chalritable misioO. is a Two foreign womsuan were arrested it i London fir begging unoder the guise of cwt being, sisters of CCharity. 'they were gao iautioned by the Msgitratea anil dia charged. " tli '1"ie oldest of Italian patriots, the ven- :fit cr:alle IRuggiero Sittimo, has just died pst at Mailt. This einleunt mn.n i?nis .PreL sidOesit of the Gveraimenret of Sicily? iin ,i 1818\. i.ti A meeting of the friends of slive ein eni:mesip.tion hlas been hlelil ii Dnrld e, lof at w lhiah res luitions were passed pro testine; aginst the builling and fAittiig art out of war vesuels f.r the Solltherierii.s. Tile Rv. ,. 11. Spnrgeon, atier an tLi abstence ofa hIrtnight is the Netherlunds a1i has been enlightening his congregation with divers allusions to his tour and the csoi spiritual state of that couiitry. len lindinii has meet with immenn se success Ie in Spainl. After several Iperfornl.tces at Ile Barcelona. lie appeared at Valencia, be.- li fore the Prince and Priacess of liavarie anild thlusilnds of sp2ctators, whi lie hade lpt the lien ,ur of receiving a handsoml e i saonventir Ireom the prince. The prcwslEit reiresentative of the t0 fiunily of Wl'ashlingtol, is, as was the ,late I Johu A. Waalashigtoii, oil the Southlern side. His name is Williamu T. Wiash. 3 il?ton, remarbable as a tall man, reticent d grave, very muclh reseenblilng the fiather 01 of his country, and ihaving a beautilil hi daughter, also a Secessionist. Cc Correspoenilece has been laid before bi Parliament in reforencn to the large Y emigration of youig menll froim Ireland, anshy of whlmu do not deny that they Si are i iteuded for the Federal army. The to explanatiaon given by Mr. Adams, the St American minister, in a letter to Earl th lIussel, is to the effect tlhat the emigrants to are inot required assoldiers, but as work men anul agriculturists. n The Home Secretary has issued cir- se cdlalr to ihe various ma nicipial bodies tl isl the imaufaectering districts paintilng du out what public works may be proceoded lo with and how the money for them may CO be raised with a view to find work for lit the unemployed operatives. Tlie Go-, vernment Commissioner, Mr. Rawliusnn, i 0\. E, is basily engaged in preparing the On away for the execution of public waorls, O and it is said chat sums will be begun of imnimediately at Blackburn, Oldham, aad thl other towlis. : - di A Canuadian paper states thht on 'ithe tr evening of the first'Snnday inApril th+e inlhabitants of Oil Spring. .illage foiuld that a quantity of tar oil, whilh had h I fl isted down the streaimof Black' Creek, le being oabstracted by',samne felled treas naiil collected in a mass, lied canglit, et 11 was set on fire, the result being that a ni grand illuutination took 'plae;: at ffir?t it the flames were miiall in proportion, but tl as lthe evening progressed they sllread, t trpes near by caught, and astartling fire i wI ca the result. The creek pnea red as in hoiling' caldrn, darting sheets of red tl fl ioe high into the air to ani altitude of , f nearly 50ft. . A terrible catastrophe is reported from Rh1ises. The island was visited on the I \- 21nd April by an earthquake, which de- I strvodll 2000 houses and some thousands Ih of people, and covered the whole islnd ii with iishes. T houusands were left lome- ti less, and the terror anll confusion seem I to have bereft those left ilive of their C awis. It is cnrious how completely the t ordlinary means of information hIave in p this case broken down. Such an earth q ake is of the highest'interest to science n as well as hum?snity; but Rhodes is a 11 little off the line, and consequently the inewspapers know nothing whatover s about the matter. The very occur- it rence would hIave remained unrecorded Ii but for a letter fromi a London mrelhant tl reconminending the victims to English blenevolence. Eve hlie gives, and we beo - lieve possesses, no details iif a calamity o e which, ihad it occ:urred withiin the Euro- Ii peas circle, would aveo filled tIhe papers 1 for weeks. A subscription list has been e opened in Londona for the reliefi of the It sufferers, n The following paragraph gives a short f and curiousi summalinry of the colonial i: empire ofGreat Britain :--" The colonies ii of (irent Britain comprise altogether n 1 3,350,000 square miles, and cost us for i tmanasgenment £3,550,000 per annumn, or e just about a pound a mile, They lhave i a an aggregate revenue ot £11,000,000, a and owe among them £27,000000. , or 1 just two years alnd a hall's income. They b import goods to thie amount of n £60,000,000 yearly - half fromn our- t 0 selves, anid half from all the rest of the v world. They export plrodluce to the e value of £50,000,000, of whicuh three fifthls cone to this kingidomu ; anall nll this is idone by a population which is under 10,000,000 in tlheaioggregate, and of which I . only 5,000,000 are whites." Add to these figurea 600,000 square miiles for ludia, and 200,000,000 of peliple, with a trade of£7 I,C00,000, anl wes have as a result that the Queen reiges over Ilearly iionethlird of tihe lanud of the earth, ind Snearly a flurtlh of its polulation. If a Briutish vizier uslder the ciiieror shouldi as seems pritbable, rule Clhiuna, Eugliesh a ien will dlirectly control urnesr tia half ii the human race. c- Gliste are niot usally much talked of in Rotue, but there is a story jiust now ly that the steps ands corridors of St. Peter's sl andl the arcades oi thie rides of the ean d cristy towards Santa Miarta, are haunulted , by a recently defiunct enuou i' the Church namoed Azocclhiu, who appears, with bre viary in handi, \- Anld mulllltter his player In the mildnighut ir, i- the great coit rcsltloil of thie Papil es' gendaur~ncs nld Frelich sentries wilho ld nllot gulard ever iight arouid the V?a u- ticau tasilica. .'The cauonico is said Ialso \- to lhav paid stirtliing midnight visits to n sonie of hIis brethrens in the chapter, re Il iquestilig tlhe aidl of their prayers. Par 11 ties of creduLlous and ineredulous persoIns i- watch tor thie ghost at a respcetinl dis e tlliiec; sonie say they lhave sesi him, ilg lI soeu niot; but it is now stlated that s- e will walk nio uor?e onl eartll, us tlhe g Popel, iufurmned of his restlessness, lhas mg celeubrated ain esleeitl iases for the etcr tfil jcst of his soetl, A Dutch translation of a selection of 1' turn,' l'uens has iappared rit l;ci L s.lo. 4/hi Citoe utnarringt)e of the Doe do Ch.tne to b, ithl a d.ithter of Prince do Joinvilli p:ise is atn.iniiied to 1t4 L plac, grip The Maittimie Dike, witlh her ldeks rur aVept, got. ititi Tw'o tolul llay. more by leav arod lucktlha by good. naiioaetent. prin 'Iuer ? iujesty '-li:iaks forwardi.l. Li(,r) f, y t i).i ftmiliis if li ather."e :nri'iotm 0 l:i, kra l uith til lxn reas,? irii n;t r t1 1up ,yj-, i di patlh with their- I thlir r ieýtt,r- (tell rTe Picalfitatiliete ofthl:5ipiaintitent ci Qui .iiniiter of Jui ti e i ti e'tN| nAiliino ivor ;itri'tiPi lbiythe hirl'ib p A ilchi is'ltli ithy ;itirtdi i-this i o arsineai Gy siate. 1 ici "A PIil't irvint =with theh reo'roletioir i'r a IrittO' cclii uc7otllJ in ith i-ittedrv' ' otio iiiitiyI tnhn e bial milie 'trtyrihedililu At the greatt waro te ttitig li ld hi r=- 'ie eCive. (ieueriil ??tler, in 'e k XiY , 't aiet least cue hilf t the iuitieiu,.e core ? f Illi:ies. At the great pli.ce ime.oting, sco held a feev evenings afterwa," Is, oiny uo :'el lady was ,I'teoit. Ui Th'l e callnibals do inot at t ,ir h i ti' ih prisoners, because they helied' tihat jo 'womuein are impure t.i-i's, nod were to createdu fur thi 'tornt', 'e 'ur, u i Il that lu their ithali is to be ea.sti;e I ue in thd a higilesu;t degree loisooius. . A Ni' DisEase..-A. tnadical man i) d Sunderlaind received a lnote the other in day, ohic h ran as follows :-- Mrs.-- S of- dis right to let you kliow that shoe I ies the Brown kI;ters atnl a very badl ii csftf and spit, it cases a iweakiness in thie back. i amt not Able to get downt. wI Yoiu Intust excusoe tme trulten you." VC We undterstantd Ihat the ne\ Governor pr Sir Charles Datling, harl takoen passages to for himself and fLiuiily ini the clipper ship Sufflk, which was to leave plymontlh on itt the 28th of June. She imay be expeeto.l to niaive here about the 13th September. Sa A lady and gentlemtan returning from an a 1,all, given at Marseilles, found them- esi selves overtake, by a thulderstorto. TO' cJ. the surprise of the gentleman, lie sud- as denly found his fsir cmplanion enve- all lolpel in fl mes: The electric flid hal of communicated with the steel of the crin line and ignited her dress. Near :Davizs, the other day, a man' was observed by an, enogine-driver, sittin i on the rails, and the whole train' passed de Liver him. The foolis h fellow ha l; out of bravado, laid himself down between oIn the metals, in ordr: to carry unt ari in-f discreet resolution that " hlo'eould let a ev train paes, awyor' uu, if he coildd." ':l1 P 'tas not Injuread."l. : i tý to SWe liaveiouitafilies frtoli: S'dnei,:td thee. hen, gools appears' to;.:a ' idl?;pro, grossing in thbsister.. colony;. e 1iS".:;' herald of 'Sattrda,'saJs -Tlhi' salh of articles nmanufaii?red' froim:th li; 'iool=;iof lii icolony took placedlast., 'lThtrildii;,at thl'TExchatnge, and attracted a la?ie at teindance.' T'he beautiful appearaitiie:nd oxcellent'cquality of the cli?ilthcre wellre it appreeianted, and good prices we'ero'i- d'( tained for the goodls. The shawels, of ti which there were twenty-eighlt,were seold q at prices ranging from 25s to L.412s 6d1. j Referring to the removal of Sir Hientry t Brkhlev to tihe 5auritits, the Otago Daily Telegraph of thie2 d says : -" \e have see, a letter frn, a i[uairitius lady, in which the iriter says that her conn trvmen and woman are in love wiith Sir lfenery Darkly, and that, although AMr O'Shanassv anld his clique have made the present Governor of Victoria unpo lplar with the foillowiere of thli present sc Miiistry, Sir, IIenry's advent as Gover nor of the Island of Mau'ritias will be hailed with delight. 'Salary will be no ohject.' The allowance of L.7001) yi will be supplemented by the rich resi- g lentse -in the Islhlt, anid Sir lintry liaving lived amonigst Creoles, will suit the Mauritius to a T.". HIIllontin COsrE.aTEs ATnOCIlTIES. -A Blissouai journal contains, details of the capture of the steanier Sam Gatty, by Confederato guerillas, on board of which were eighty ticeroes who hadt escaped frontm. their tma.iters. l'rbably t such a diabolic piece of barbarium was never perpetrated in a land of savages, far less by people claiming to be civil- I ized. After shooting a number of those in charge of the boat, they killed a number of the poor blacks it the most at diabolical mnanner. The St. Joseph herald says :-The most revolting act ci in the bloody drama was the ordering ashore of twenty negroes, dirawing the n utp in liie, oneo man holding a lantern up g by the idelo of their fiaces, while the nmrderers shot them, one by one, through d the head. This inhlumant butchery was within three yards of the boat. Onei negro alione of all that were shot is alive. 'rThe other sixty escaped to the woods. 'iThe Victorian correspolndent of thle London Times, in his March let;ter, al I luditg to the tojirity which tdile 0O'Slhaunnnssy Admitniistrratimo for ome r tilme commaleduti, noid Ibte io atnls ulsed to Isecure it, writes as follows:-" A Land SBill end other ilnplorltant meacures, were I to be passeud by the incomiitg Ministry, I anid what was to be done ? The -Vic Stiriat Association saw mtore work before them. They ihcl as a truth our coot \- ilS oxperipc e i f)t poor hiiitn:a lnIatre,, f representled bly the rough proberb that ' an hmpl' saeck cannot stiand upright. If (all exlctalnts cioull not Ihavye place, w they miiglt p?r'h:ips lie propitiatel, a Pro incerea spe, cerla pr,.mia,' umight .he h o 1 ad compt,'sition ciith Iiiover fur those who tighlit lave to ai, for in inl.-i h fiiteo time in the cohll shadle of Oupp,,i .tion. By degroos, nndl fiion timeo ti tiie, mirnciuelllus conversions of tnecolll protising demeocr'ats took placeO, One convert afterr noteto' ehilher passiled II II the t ovierimcont ,ietches, or, c,,itinuihiit to to sit in Oppositiouu, voted steaudily fir' L the Govertn't nt; andi i it was remu:rkedI 1o thlat their personal ,peiiara'eull and otyle ;o f livieg ilmprolveld wcith the tw op ri (- tionh. Wlltl mlel especMill ,,ur ,eoro Sldemoistr.tice httiolts, ciit- noi vi'able S enalls of existenc, sudci..ly iiail myste \- riously show siges of eashie' Ch'ilcnl Sstanuces, t)le critical will talk. HIhlci, it oih in ainid out 0 th'd lhutie, the fou'llest Ic olinders of lltellltlere, sHoLt if lanllinag i intividuals, are ilily end nightly hlred at tltei, but the aesanileuld maike no sign.'" The pub'ithrrti- of the AelIboOurn d/ltbutni t ts just beett comnl enced, and is to he coutilned monthly. It is to ctn pwise "a series of elegant tinted litho gr.iphie views of Melbourn;e andl the stir r.undtlig districts." The views are to be 'liawln aild lith.tgraphed by Mr. F. Coen.e, printed inl Ceinrs, ` by a new process," t;y . 'ridth.I anod publis!tvd at Scihult rnrFat'i'78 Eliiz tiet-street. If the two vidw? we -have seen--Diht's liill 'and oltliits-'street loukiig eTlstcward -from' Qutee-street-be fair speclnmetis of the :orek, it" will iterit"public stppitrt "Th're-i s ino doubtt thit 'rcruitint is d:aiiried osi '~eteiatively iii the sou:th of \- laiil foirthe Fedeiral ntt??. A icot-' i?smnt-iitditcet ill. the Cor ' E.t.tLinro , slhivn ,i' ntn st''veril American gedtle iithi tis f iiif licirv iisipeet hilt beeni tiiitt -ilitt' tliat. county tlfcritg yonttg ineit-a iaseag'e to Amterie. t'fr ,i 1., wilth ie ? +itrtainty of ae ,n:iumi i and retun terati oe pltttvuant fott ttsuhe iomarit -f thliir latndring. It is aflirmted tliat osavr: la hundred voua.g ioit have ane :epltted theos termi. atl gone to the' United States. At Carlisle station, dluring the recent Sjourney, it. otogrplher asked erminssioti to takel Itu Lrd liue?rito'?s p stritit. His t lordship at ouces " peeled," t, the great m anusement of the ntimtLerus spectators, who cheered him. 'ithi Premier evi " dently enjoying, the niftir, put himself r into an attitude in his tnort jaunty style. \- S, anxious wav s lhs oreshiip to comlply , with the wrishes o the puto'rapLher, and S'l hat he doubtless coneeived to bet the Lwishes of the citizens, that Ihe asked w whether or not lie wass to take off hii tra velling cap; and as the crowd were r pres.sil rather too close, lie aske.l thlie i to be kind enoughl to stand back, adding P "itiless I ami perfectly still, you kitW, - Sitoin't dto." An important decision was given on Saturday, by Mr. Justice lMolesworth; on an application for the sequestration of the estate of William Lawrence, corn mer chant. Mr Lawrence relied on a deed of assignment by which lie had't tra!sferred all his property to trustees for tihe benefit of his creditors, and it was contendlel ron behalf that under such circumstanctes it was beyond the puawer of tile Court to place his estate in the Iitnstlvent Court. Hiis loinour, however, ruled that as the deed was. not signed by the miajority in number and vlue of the creditors, it was of no effect under the lusolvent Act, how ever valid it mitht be passin thei pro' parrty to, the trustees; and: lie-tecordiitgly mnade:absolute the rule nisi for the secjlses itartlin. te U-V nith ieDMAnuse oc COt-ioriti. \--A'i youn w-soin rnsl ved on' ieniiua her morti l career?' threw lierself into tle t Sieine from thei Q"tii Viud t'aire: There was no onle near to stop her, aud shli: e ipeteet to`l have it all iher own' way li hlt she r eelkinied?l witolit her criaoline, alhicht iwas so:peculiarly extennisio thai it formed quite a.ballooii aroios .in ; eanid .: do'lht odih 'w'oiul I alsiecoildt tiot i tk ; if the idore sli pusiclld it' dotatio'n :iinfit: qI Lrter, the. hiher it rose in aithiebr: SThis went on tintil same one lid olff i a boatanild rescued her. It is quite refresh't Y ing to be ahln: to recoid one instanee Swhcere chiloliLe proved 'the means of e saving, nan not sacrificing, a life.-A lhdytly went ilto one of the great sili.tnerer s on - thle Boulevard des Italiens, amil, going up to a young mtann behinl a counter, o trld him she bad lhad the miisfortu:m to drop her garter, and that in consequence her s tocking was falling over her foot; t she requesteld him to acconnanilate her. vilth a piece of tape, and to allow her to ts tut it on belind the C mater. T~he myoung man, blushing crimson, .insantly gave Iher the itape, ad left the 'IIady, Wio at once helped herself to. a silk dress, Swvhich she tied under Iher crinoline with t the tape. She then came f.rntardi thanked the civil shopman, and vanished. -Honar ur. , SOcNEI-CHILDttRi, MU?T LA'rEo u Y LR.~T.-A horribly affLir. oc e ured at Kirrkheaton dturing the night of Saturday, when, soma children il. two sep rate !lhr,tu?es wetr, whilst sle?ping in their bes, nlttacl;el most savagely by rats. Three chil dren of one I family were Spitl to bed it the usual time, in their Itthad oil the ground floor, and coorl-'nfter wards their parents retired to bed hp-' stairs. D.-rile the ntight the parents It were aroused by the screamning of one of the chiltlreln, who declared that one of Sthie others was biting. him. The noise: ofthle children continiug, the mother got tip and went down stairs. She 'aing ' sLrprised to perceive bloed streamonning t fromt all three of them, and on turning ,I down the bId-clothes was horrified at ao seeing four large rats jump from tahe betd nlo fewer than twelve of them binag in e' the roomn. All three children were more or less severely bitten in a siniltr tlln It nor. OnTuesday nighlt, a man living 11- it the locality was also attacked Iby theso le ferocious animals while asloeep in bed. ie It is iappoased thie verltiI hIave been to drivclfiotLn wavnt of ool to fn'orco tihetii id solves up the dlrains and thai into theo re honuses.-1.Ttdifa Guardian. ', To ALL-EnSGLAND Er.Ltta .-Tie C All-England Eleven to visit the Austra Le lion colnnies next year has, it is under Sstood bCeenI completed by thie alddition of ' that fast left-handed howler, the terror of batsmen, ldgar Willshire. Aceerdia , to the arrangement lentered into, tte last. ilal m \ Las to he chosen by thi other mem-. 'ht Iers of the team, anl the election was. for postlone, to see whether Vtillshire Ls'lui I, e no-halled or inot at thl gralllnd m.achl. htetten the Ui ited and All- England 1i Elevens,. at Iors. WhenL tie Australian ILL- il cloed in ILndont the n.tclth hadl ibeen oln ftr two days, anul ais \Vilsh!ire's. i Ihowling hias bett o allowedl, Parr. ilt tis. letter to MIr. G. lMairslhall, speaiks of his f.stlectiolns s sllre. lcrom the snlLo coLin int matictiOli it s leems tat the offclr imale Ity le iLe Stluuv crickctcers, throttigh Lallrence, to indluce, thle Eleven to visit New MoLntll r \'Watles illdependOltLly of iMr. tlarshtIll, blo a t Is i etIt cpi litceted. PaIrr issnllmes lthat t 1- by thlis time aliv ill feeolilg bttttet'?tL thle . pliayers of tlleto c.lolies wrill hlanvo pass ci eL away, andi, for the Isake of tle gne,t, it ,g is to be liped lthis anticipaition il lO prave i welll founded. Ac:cordin'tg to the preeent .0 arrangelmentt, Caffyn will b te lthe only one no if the irst Autglo-Australian ttenn. who waill be iticluded in thie SCeCond.--i/rnat, Lamnartine, the great French poet, is stated to be dangerasly ill. I lis wife, an English lady, died only a short time since. . Miss Mary Ann Grilfn, sister of Gerald Grii'in, the author of "The Collegians, and several other popular Irish novels, has died in New York. Strange as it may appear. after all that has passed, Mr. W. F, Windhanl has " made up" with his wife, who went down to Norwich to iry the effect of her fascinations upon him. May the 5th heint the 42r.d annirer sary of the death of tie Emperor -Napo leon I., a funeral service wass performed at the Chapel of the Tuileries, and another at the Invliiles in Parit. Mr. George Criishatank bus had the honour of placing his great picture, the " Worship of laechlns," in St. Georce's Hall, Windsor, for the inspection of her Majesty, to whom he was 'permitted to explain its principal details. " The International dog-slh w at the ,Agricultural-lmll, Islingtol, wis openedt on the 25th Mar. The Prince antd Princess of Wales were there previous to the public opening. The number of dogs exhibited was about 2500. Three iron-clad ships have leon fitted up for sea since tihe \Warrior- namely, the Black Prince, 6038 tons, at a total 1 cost of £373,819 ; the Resistance, 3t85i tons, at a cost; of £257,S48 ; and the Defence, 3068 tots, at a cost of £252,688. General Ilooker, commander-in-chief of the Federal army of the Plappnaita nock, is said by a Cortishl gentleman to have been fornerly a resident in that f county, and to have kept a beer-shop, or, as it is called in that neilghbourhood, ti" kidleywink," at IHelstotn. The excavations in progress at Rome. by the emperor's orders, under tile di rection. of the Chevalier Rosa, in the 5 Palace of the Caesars, now the property- ° .of France, continue to produce very in- b teresting results, as they are laying iare si all the ruins on the spot which was the a original site of home. It has been nenouneed that Baron ' Solomon Rothschill, of Vienna,has taken e the new Austrian Five per cent. Loan of t £4,000,000 at the price of 102f. 50c. This is a lottery loan with prizes of P various amounts ranging up to £30,000, 'which are to be drawn twice a year. General Lafa ette's daughiter and 1 youngest childi, Anastuta, Countess deo t la Tour Manburg, the last member of the family that uneed to gather around the hearthl at La Grange, died lately at c Turin, Italy, surrounded by her children and grandchildren. P . The Home CNetes says crinoline acci dents are now amongst the regular inci- i dents which give employment to the t purveyors of news for the daily papers. B Almdst every morning brings its fatial eise." Within a single week no fewer than three inqaests have been held on a the, bodies who have died from their c clothes tatching tire. The tide of emigration trom Ireland Still continues to flow. There is hardlly a railway station along the various lines t it which, day after day, we do not find d inumbers of emigrants hastening to the ports, in order to get to the seaboard for shipment to America. It is calculated that the present draw from Ireland is more than 5,000 perEotsl per week. The Hon. M?ajr Yelverton having recently presented a petition to the i House of Lords, askhig fior further time to lodge his case, on the 2lnd May Mr. 'ippets, the agent of the Major, applied to the .appeal committee, when one month's fitrther time was granted. The sppeal will, therefore, probably lie heard before their lordships about the month of July next. 'IThe restoration of Goethe's house has been commenced in Frankfort. It will C ite rendered as nearly as possible what it was when the poet was born there 114 years ago. The old paper of the boy's F study at the top of the house has been fodnd upon tihe walls under layers of papering of comparatively recent date, L which have now been removed. ' 'Somebody says that the leader of her S Majesty's Opposition made'a very tneat repairee the other night, and one ktiows siobudy more likely to commit such an c act.' A nobleman comning out of,the oonse of Lotrds met Mr. Disraeli, anid aiid, " Hon dull you'fellows are in the F Tlouse of; Commons. You must find it F ,twfully slow." " Wty, yes,". replied F dir. D1isrSell,' mildly. 'I was really F tltfitkiig, 'only the other day, that one "tueght alinost as well be a Peer":' TiE LAsT RESORT..-Though all Sthe yvounded in the island of Lobat received -atnuch attention from the French surgeons, l they suffered greatly. The chief causes of their sBfferings was thle heat of the day at and thie icy coldness of the tihlt. More over, the destruction of the bridlges, and the insnfficiett tnnmler of boats, rendleredl it almost imtpossible to import the quan tity of provisions and comforts requisite h: for the large nunmber of wounded. The 5ergeoa!rit-chief, Larry, in order to prevent his patients being starveet. or dlored,sonup to be made of horse-flesh. Although Larry endeavoured to spare tle horses as mucch as possible, yet tile Frenoh generils, vlwho chiefly suffered, were loud in their complslnts at their horses bcint turned into food. It. was a wanton violation, as they thought, of the rules bttlh of Eplicrus and of lhunan ity. Accordint- ly they complained to Bonnaparte of thie mtnneer in wllichl I thier inimnals had been servedl up by ,order of Larry. The Etmperor sunm anonedt Larry. notl in tile piresence of hiis staff tlemaulndeld on explanation, withl ii tost setere expression olcoutttenance. SWhat,' sail he, ' have you on yourownt responsibility disposed of the hlilraes of lhe oflicers ini oiler to give soupt to ouer I rwoundedl ' Yes,' answered Larry. Jleo tlladded nio more, atd soon afterwarln tl lie ieard of his elevation to the rak tlfe f Jliron of the Eitpire. The want of foodl i was not greater ith:l the walt of uten pis, ntd montt thle expedieits tfir re- i meilying tha deficietey, was that of pick. lug Iup ciuliasses, o tile field of hattle. it IL titeso uirisses, the ownera of whial, t Isad iii mostt easis bICeoin illel, soup of I horse flesah wa servel!, there heintg scarce poy other niourialhumont for Larry and is II pjtients ii the ,lasild of Lubat. 