SOCIAL AND MISCELLANEOUS. Tito arrival of several hundred immigrants, selected in Manehostor by Mr Knight, has suggested to tho Government tho desirability of ascertaining tho domaud which exists for labour, and the rales which aro ptid for tho venous kinds of labour. A eories of questions havo beon submitted to tho various municipal councils and diitriot road boards on the sub ject, and the roplies whioh havo beon received are so far satisfactory, as Bltowing that the workiog classes are gonorally well cmployod. Tho rotes ot wagos appear to bo high, consi dering the prices of the nieossary articles of consumption, and in tho country districts thoro is little or no destitution. On the whole thoro ecems to bo littlo to complain of in the present etata of the labouring population, as disclused in theso documents, and, probably, in no othor place on tho hubitablo globo is tho working man in a moro favourable position than in Victoria. Tito nvo.'agc wagee of tho mechanic aro about 10s per day, but tho so ilea rnngea from eight lings to twelve shillings, and in eomo districts as high as 15s per day is paid. Labourors on farms and stations, and ohepitcrds, obtain from L30 to LGO por annum, board and lodging included. The pny of ordinary labourers is 7s por day. Single females get L20, L30, nnd even L50 per annum, and marriod oouplcB em ployed on homesteads obtain L35 to L70. Tho oost of the necessaries of lifo is about as fol lows : — Mutton nnd beof, 8Jd to 5d per Ib ; tea, 2s Gd to 3s Gd per lb ; coffee, Is 6d pet- lb ; sugar, 3d to Cd por lb ; potatoes, 5t to 7s per owt ; flour, 28> to 35s per bag of 200 lb. It will easily bo understood thoroforo that the Victorian labourer is placed in an exceedingly favourable position in comparison with tho working man of other countries. An important opium soiztiro has rocontly taken place. It app ars that tho Custom Uouso officers had somo time ago boon in formed that tho Chit ese wero ongagod in smuggling quantities of opium into the port, but wore unsuccessful, until tbo recent seizure, in obtaining proof of tho fact. It seemB to havo been tbo custom to employ Chinese assistants in order to roraovo tho goods, and tboro iB reason to believe tiiat theso men were accomplices oi tho smugglers. Tito packets containing tho opium bore a secret mark, of course unintelligible to tho customs' officers, and wero passod without suspicion, nfter sovornl similar pnrcolsdextorouBly plaoed before thorn by tho parties to tho transactions had boon oxa- minotl and found to oontain ordinary mer chandise. This clever littlo game was disco vered by tho employment of several reliable Chinese, who, nt first protending ignorance, astonished tho smugglors by revealing tho ee- crot to tho olfioers as soon as tho goods wero lnndod. Tito duly on tho opium already aeizad amounts, wo undorstaud, to upwards of L8OO0, and seizures aro still boing made. It is boliovo t that in this manner tho rovonue has been systematically defrauded to tho extent of L30,009 por. annum. Tho Fancy Dress Ball given by tho Mayor of Melbourne, Mr E. Oolion, whioh formed a topio of absorbing interest for mahy previous wooks, was held on tho 27th August in tho Exhibition Building. The company was vory numerous, tho number of invitations accepted amounting to nearly Bovontoen hundred, and tho eceno presented by tho ball room was one of tho most brilliant ovor witnessod in Mel bourne. Evory poBsiblo variety of costume of ovory ego and country was roprosontod on the occasion, and tho dresses of tho ladies wore magnificent in tho extremo. Amongst tho guests were many of tho most influential resi dents of tho oity and suburbs, and Sir Honrv and Lady Barkly honoured tlio ball room with their presonco. Tito ontortainment was in every rospeet a satisfactory one, and so highly delighted aro the oitizons with the Moyor'B hospitalities that a roturn ball has boon pro posed, and will take place on tlio 29th inst. Tho period of service for whioh our volun teers wero onrollod in 18G1 having oxpired, stops havo boen taken for tlio reorganisation of the force on a firmer basis. A bill for that purpose has passod both branches of the L-gislature, its principal foaturo boing that the entire control was vested in tho Governor in Council, who was cmpoworofl to mako regula tions for its management. A suggestion has been mado to incorporates provisions by whioit, after a prescribed term of service, en effective volun- teor would bo entitled to a grant of land. The proposition has mot with tho goueral approval of the public. A set of rules have since been promulgated whioh seem to meet with the approbation of tbo men, for the re- enrolment is proceeding satisfactorily in the different districts throughout the oolony. Tit Govornmont also introduced a bill into Parlia ment providing for tho establishment of a small standing army ; but after having passed suc cessfully through tho ABBembly it was thrown out by the Oouneil. Considerable cxcitomonl was cansod a day or two ago by a report that the Confederate war steamer Alabama had beon socit off the Hoads. The rumor was asoortainod to be un founded, but sinco tlio roceipt of the intolli- genco of the vieit of sovoral Confederate war eteamors, including tho redoubtable " 290" to the Capo, tho appenranoo of the Alabama would not oroato muoh surprise, although it would produce no littlo consternntion amongst the Now York morohants in tlio city who aro oxpeeting tho arrival of vessels. Thoro is vory little to notice in mining mit ten. Few disooverics of importance havo been mado ; but ono picco of gold weighing thirty- two pounds, and valued at L1500 hoe been found at Mount Moliagul. Tbo returns from tho various goldflelds have kopt up to tho ovornge, and tho mining intorost appears to bo in a steady and prosperous condition. _ Considtrablo commotion has boon Oeinsioncd in legal cirolos by tbo promulgation by tho judgos of tho Supreme Court of a new oodo of regulations rcepcoting the admission of at torneys, solicitors, nnd prootors. By ono of tho olauscs, articled clerks will be requtrod to submit to n matriculation eiaminrtion, at tho University, in addition to eatinfying all the conditions herotoforo imposod. This provision is regnrdod by those artiolod olorks who have qualified themselves and nro ready to pass, as nothing less than a broach of oontract, inas much as no euclt additional preparation wn» omtemplated when they entered upon their articles, andfrcsli rules have also boon proposed regarding tlio admission of barristers. Mcotings of thoso who aro candidates for admission, and also of tho mouthers of both branches of the profession havo boon held, but no oourse of notion has yet boon dccidod on. AmongBt tho many fresh manufactures whioh havo rocontly boon commenced in tho colony, that established by Messrs. Swallow and Co, ot Sandridgo — tho manufacture of biscuit powdor — is likely to prove of muoh valuo. To infants and invalids tho biscuit powder hitherto ia ueo wes anything but a luxury, having beon made from vctoran oikes whieh had grown tough and tastolosa during tlio voyngo from England. The discovery of a new ooalfleld appears to bo probable. Tlio company formed to develops the stores of lignite at Lai Lai aro proceeding with thoir operations vory satisfactorily. They havo alroady sunk eighty feet through tho stratum, without finding any indio-tions of a bottom ; and more than tliia, the quality of the lignito improves as tho shaft doopons, the oolour approaohing a jot black, and traces of resinous and bituminous matter appearing, that havo awakened a hope of finding porfeot ooal further "down. It is in contemplation, by means of a joint stock company, to mnko a dry dock on tho banks of the Yarra Yarro, near Oolo and Raleigh's wharves. Should tho undertaking succeed, tho proposed dock will bo capablo of taking in veasols of tho largest class that can como up tho river. Mr G. F. Verdon, the present Treasurer, was admitted, on Saturday, a barrister of tho Stipromo Court. His admission was moved by tho Hon. tho Minister of Justice. Several moctmira have beon held in the citv and suburbs for tho purposo of establishing societies ou the basis of tho Rochdale Equitablo Fioncor Socioty, which has beon so successful in many of the manufacturing towns of Great Britain. Tito proposal has been receirod with farour, and a censidorablo number of shares have been takon up. Anothor of tlio dirootors of tho Provident Institute, Mr J. G. Foxton, has been committed for trial on a oharge of oonepiring to defraud tho depositors. The trial of tho wholo of the direotors takes place on the 1st of Ootober, before a special jury. A military inquiry into oertain charges brought by Major Dickson, of tho Royal Artil lery, against Colonel Pitt, for irregularities in tho disbursement of money, has resulted in tho eompleto exoneration of the lattor officer. The charges are said to havo been tho result of some privato unpleasantness which occurred a short timo ago betweon the gentlemeu in ques tion, and it is said that in oonseqtionco of this matter Major Dickson will not remain loDg in tho colony. Tito " Gorilla controversy" lias boos again made the subjeot of a lecture by Dr Halford, tho Professor of Anatomy, etc., at the Mel bourne University. The objoct of the leoturor on this ocosBton was to show that hie descrip tion of tho etruotaro of tlio lower monkeys agreed with that of tho gorilla and ohimpanzoo given by Professor St. Hilaire, in a work written eome timo ago. Professor Halford showed that tho terminal divisions of tho limbs of tho largor apes and those of tho lower monkeys wero precisely alike, and ho con- tended, thoreforo, that both wore "oheiropo- dous," or finger-footed, and not bimanour, as assorted by ProfeBsor Hnxloy. A strango disoavcry of tlio remains of a child lias been made. A number of workmen rocontly employed in repairing the roof of tho Rainbow hotri, Swanston street, found, on removing Bomo slates, tho body of a obild rollod up in a brown drosB. It had evidently boen depositod there by ono of tlio inmates of tlio house, for the place, which was usod as a Iumbor-room, could only bo roaohod from tbo ineide. An inqucat was hold on the remains, at whioit evidence was given throwing suspicion upon one of the daugiitors of tho landlord ; but as it wts very rogue and totally unsupported, an open verdict was returned. The modioal testi mony flhowod that tho child had been probably born olive, and that tho birth took ple.ee about tlireo years ago. Captain Davys, of the Southern Ocean, was nooidentally killed on board bis vessel, near Capo Otway, tho other day, on tho pasaago home. It appears that he had been having an altercation witii tho second mate, and whilo standing near the deck home gavo the lattor a push, whioh was returned, and tho oaptnin, toting his foaling, fell to tho deck and fractured his skull, producing instantaneous death. The first officer, having placed tho second mato in irons, brought tho ship back to port, and an inquest was subsequently hold on tho body. Tho jurv, however, comple'oly exonerated the second officer, end returned a verdiot of " acci dental death." A grass outrage was porpetrated on the 29th of last month. A man who lias sinco boon arrested and identified, effsotod an entranco into tho houso of Mr Solomon, on tlio night of tho Mayor's ball, tlio whole family being out and tno houso loft in charge of tho sorrunt girl. Tho lattor going down Btairs was soized by tho ruffian, who pointing a pistol to her head, ordered her to toll him where hor master kopt his money. As she refused to givo tho information, tho ruffian seize.! hor in his arms and carried hor upstairs, and fattening bor down on a bad with twine, committed a criminal aseault upon iter. Ho afterwards appropriated a few articles, and deoampod. The brutal follow has sinoo been arrested and brought boforo tlio City magis trates, but the girl has not yot boen able to appear in tho court. A horrible murder has been oommitted in tho Hoathcoto distriot. A Chinaman was found a short time ago in a six-foot hole, with, the faoo and head horribly mutilated. Tho do- ceased's mouth had beon cut from the eidee, extending aeross tlio faco to tho baok part of tlio head, whioh was also dreadfully disfigured by a number of cute and bruises. Tho ekull was fractured in several places, and tho body and limbs cut and haokod. At present thcro is not the slightest oluo to tho perpetrators of this horriblo murder. The season for out-door amusement is now rapidly approaching, and great preparations aro being mado bath in tho metropolis and in the oountry districts for tho rooeption of tho 11 England Eleven, who are oxpootod to arrive in December. They will probably ho ro ceivcd witli ovon greater enthusiasm than their predecessors, and their presenao in the colony will givo an immonsa stimulus to criokot, whioh iB at all tiinos a favourito nmuecmont. In thoatrical matters, tbo arrival of Mr and Mrs Charles Koan is absorbing attention. Tho Champion, of the Sens, haring on board these eminent representatives of tho drama, anchored in tho Bay last night. The publio ar eager to witness their impersonations, whioh will bo commenced in a few woekB at tho Haymarket Theatre, in accordance with their engagement. " Honry IV." has had a luccossful run at the Royal, and thoro has been a ghost porformonoo entitled "Fiftoon Minutes with tho Spirits," whioh prcsontod tho plato-glass spootral illu sions with a vory distinct and vory comic effeot. At tho Hay markot Theatre " Maoboth" ha boen given, in which tho ghost effeot wa also introduced. Tho "Bleoding Nun of Linden- berg" followed, in whioh no less than fourteen ghosts made their appoarance. Mr Riohard Youngo took his benefit on tlio 7th inst, nd Mr Stewart, our moat reliable low comedian, took bis on tbe llth. Pending the appearanoo of Mr and Airs Kean nt this theatre, Mr Coppin, who has recently been sojourning in New Zealand, is to go through a fortnight's performances. At tho Princess's, a variety of pieces, including " Astragalus, King of tho Alps," tho burlosquo of " Medo," Byron'a oxtravnganz of " Lord Batemun, or tho Bailee Rover," Tom Taylor's " Ticket of Leave Man," an allegod.original play entitled, " Th» Poor of Melbourne," a dramatic version of Miss .Bradtjoit's novel of " Aurora Floyd," Slid tho burioequo of ''Little Red H"''n2 Hood," have been produced. At tbo Poly- teohnio, Mr Lore — tho eon of tho Love ao well known in Loadon — baa been giving a series of successful entertainments. Mr T. P. Hill lias givenclooutionary lectures with nppropriate illustrations. Thoro has been a vory successful concert of tbo Orpboue Union, and a no less successful one of tho St. Kilda GIos and Mad rigal Socioty. Tho Ilowson Opora Company mada their ro-appcarauoe atHockin's Assembly Hall, last night. 