I A QnoBT ix A BELTHKT.-The inb&biUnU; of» aeolnded Tillage of the Montagne Noire, in the department of tile I Ande, were roused from their beda one night last week by tbs "«ound of the tocsin"- for aach is the pom pool phrase used by a local writer to describe the ringiDgof the ringle I bell of the small pariah ohurch. The idea of a fire fir at sug- gested itself lo the minda of the villagers but as na fire waa ! to be teen they flocked to the ohurch to see what was the [ matter. To their great astonishment however tho ohurch door was locked ; no yoioe responded from within to their I loud shouts of inquiry ; and yet the bell continued to rinar j londly and hurriedly 1 The caro was called up and brought the church key. With trembling steps and beating hearts the crowd followed their pastor into tho e&cred; building. They penetrated into the belfrey, and- oh ! horror of horrors ! -the boll-rope was violently agitated and pulling the bell by itself. The good priest himself was Beared at thia fearful phenomenon, and his followers, pale with terror, dropped down upon their kneea and crossed themselves. It waa midnight, the hour when spirits walk abroad. The priest, armed with bis goupillon, proceeded to exorcise the demon ; but all the holy water in the church was Boon exb&UBted;, and yet the dreadful bell oontinued to sound. Al length a pea- sant more intrepid than the rest volunteered to olimb tote the steeple and look at the ball itself. Aa he mounted the dark, narrow, winding ladder whioh led to the abode of mystery the terrified parishioners below ma' tered theirpater nostert with increased rapidity. In a few moments en un- earthly shriek from the devoted messenger left no doubt on the minds of the people below that he had met with the devil himself. As the unhappy man approached the bell it did indeed oease to sound, but by the flickering pale light of his lantern he saw crouching down dose to the clapper a black, monstrous, hiedous form, with two yellow eyes which ela ed full upon him. The [oor man fainted away, and for some minutes'an awful silence reigned in 'he church. Then by a sudden and simultaneous impulse several mea re- solved to see what had become of their comrade, and impart- ing courage io each other, rushed np the ladder together. : On nearing the bell they found a large pole-oat, , who had get one of his fore feet entangled in the rope, and whioh, in his endeavours to escape, had been the cause i of ali thia terrlblo commotion In the Montarme Noire ' A. BUFFALO GSA E.-On one ooaaaion ibe baree, or pepcr.oarrlers, wbom we eent ont in couples, came upon a very saraga buffalo, wbo ebarged tbem. We generally used to ride at the beasts and halloo, which usu illy made them tarn aeidei One of our mounted baree did this, but not à bit would fie old beast aworvp, ind it waa only by tbe qtilek hand tf the rider that a aerious oolliaion waa avoided; aa it waa, the pony got a eorateb. Away epèd thè paper soatlrrers, plentifully showering ititi the buffalo gronod, and in a abort time op came the field in bot pursuit,'numbering m ny scarlet jackets, The already irritated old bull i nmediately charged, scattered the horsemen, and settling down on two of them, gare them as moon as they'could do to keep out of bis reeob. The run was vt ry exoiting, and the pace great. Tba buffola being freBb, had the beBt of it, and waa nesring thu hunted wonld be bunters when straight aorass their path came a deep drop. There was no time to tarn tbe beast.was close behind-down they went botb bead ..over, heels, ponies, men, and all in a ead'mesp. On came the old boll, too fast to atop himself, and over be fell at their aide. As the men got np bewildered, and not knowing what to do next, yen can imagine their re- lief at eeeiog the great beast, who from hie weight bad ..been half stunned, piok himself up, ebaks hie head, and eneak off without troubling himself further about them, \-- Th-ee Teart' Service in China. \- ,THE CLEHGYMAN AND TBE PAiutoT.-A aingulrí inci- dent ooourred . at St. Bartholomew's obapel-of-ease, Boebester, on Whit.Sunday morning, wbicb, apart from it ocourxing in a sacred edifice, waa of a highly amusing .character. The clergyman, the Bev. Mr. Bond, had given ont his text, and had juBt eommenoed an edifying disoourse in oonneoion with the day, wben a p»rr<t, which was in a oage outside a boase dose to the chapel, set ap a load whistle, followed by a prolonged soresm, to the horror of the preaoher, and the delectation of tbe younger members of the co ^rogation. The reverend gentlemao, however, proceeded with his sermon, when the oongregaticn were in a few moments at rtled by another load scream from the parrot, followed by a few incoherent expressions. The preaoher, who was evidently muon annoyed at tbiB unseemly in erruptlon to bia éloquence, stippe! bis sermon sud Intimated that it -wonld be Impossible for him to proceed unless the parrot were either ailenoed or removed ; bat as no one left hie seat to do so, the dfeoourae waa continued. Suddenly, however, another defiant scream and whistle, louder if poasible than the preceding onas, WBB given by the parrot.' Thia waa too muoh for the reverend gentleman, who, in the greatest apparent chagrin, abruptly closed his eermon and dismissed the congregation, wbo, in spite of. every effort, bad been nuable to preserve their gravity. fsjMouXAa4FATAUrriB8.-Thia affair , was rendered re. mark«bl« by tba sad death sf t*o valuable nffiierp, both 0/ whom were accidentally sboi; tbs one in the assault and tba other after it. Ono of them, Captain Lttflbert, ol 'the Boyal Enginoers, was on the coaling-ladder, ascending tbe wall, followed by two Bailors, The rifle of the lower one, frrm aome unexplained sense, being pro- bably at full oook, went efl*: the ball, after passing through tbe water- bottle tung ai the waiat of tbe man above him, er,t red poor Lambert's thigh, Bhat'erlog the bone and dividing the femoral artery. He died io a few bcnrs. The other offloer WBB Danvers wbq had ooma from India, fraab from Havelook's oampatfin and the relief of Lnoknow. ' A paity of gnu Laaoark'attaobed lo «be Boyal Artillery were ordered to discharge their arms after the fighting waa all over. One of the ballera pasted through tba body of Danvers, killing him on tba spot*- Three Yean' Service in China. CHINE BE PORTRAIT PAINTKHS.-II yon présent yourself ea a anbjeot, yon are asked the preliminary question, "Htw yon likey f Yon likey handsome, you likey likey t" Ton Dalmally reply that you wish tbe portrait to be like you ; bat woe betide you if, after that announce- ment, you object to the picture on the saore of it - ugliness. It is said that a sitter once ventured to do BO; tbe sg. grieved artist turned round to the Collected aodienoe, and with upraiaed banda exclaimed, in expoatulatory tones, "Suppose no have got handsome, bow can?" Oreat was the sympathy evlnoed for the aggrieved artist, and over, whelming tbe oonfor-lan of (be caricatured sitter,--Thrt« Ycart' Servie» in China. 