ODDFELLOWSHIP.-THE GOVERNOR'S I VISIT TO WTLLUNGA. ' Thursday, the 17th December, was kept as a high festival in WUlnnra. - The intimation that Hia Excellency Sir Dbmmtck Daly would honour, hv hisntesencetheOBeninfrof -the new Oddfellows' Hall was hailed with delight by the people ot .the township and the . Jttldeute around it Early in, the day flags were hoisted in different directions, arid' ni6re elaborate attempts at triumphal, decora tion were made at :the-hMdge'eate'rin2tlie town ship, at the Oddfell6ws' 'Hall, and the Alma Hotel, which displayed art arch over the entrance of ever greens and roses ot unusual size and rare beauty. I'he principal stores were also decorated with flags and evergreens. An important case-Spargo v. the District Council— had occupied the Local Court the previous evening- until 9 o'clock, when it was adjourned until 8 on Thursday morning. The matter consumed so 'much time that the Special Magistrate, Mr. Ei J. Peake/was unable until the last moment to prepare an address to be presented by the Magistrate : to His 'Excellency. Other bodies also delivered addresses of welcome to His Excellency, who in each case returned suitable replies. ? ' . ? .'*.'** ;? ^ His Excellency was.not expected until 1 o'clock, but he arrived at 12 o'clock; and even at that time persons eager to welcome ' him gathered about the entrance of the township, and some rode on' to meet and escort the viceregal cavalcade. His Excellency and party, which included the Hon. Chief Secretary, the Hon. Treasurer, the Collector of Custonis, 'and the Chief Inspector of Police, proceeded to the Bush Inn, where several gentle men of the district were introduced to Sir Dominick Daly. At 2 o'clock the Willunga Volunteers were drawn up opposite to the Bush Hotel, and the procession started for the Oddfellows' Hall in the following orderi-Voluuteers bearing the flag of. the Wu lunga Company; bearers with the great-banner of the M.U. District; His' Excellency, 'Mr. Coltori. M.P., and' Mr. G. Hamilton ; the Hon. Mr. Ayers and the Rev. 'E. K. Miller ; the Treasurer and the Collector . of Customs ; the Wiilunga Lodge of Oddfellows, two and. two. in full regalia. Arrived at the new Hall, the banner was placed at the entrance, and His Excellency and suite ascended the steps. THE ADDRESS. Mr. Maktin, Chairman of the District Council, read and presented the following address :— 'To His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly. Knight, Governor-in-Cmei of south Australia, ana Vice- Admiral of the same. 'The District Council of Willunga, on behalf of their constituents, have great pleasure this day in welcoming your Excellency for the first time to this township. 'Although we cannot boast of a richmiueral district where ' wicked wealth is digged up,' yet, as agriculturists, we think we justly claim a con siderable quota iu the production of those necessa ries indispensable to our existence; and in conse quence, therefore, to share with our fellowcolo hists in the eulogium awarded to South Australia at 'The World's Great Show' of producing the finest wheat in the world. ' 'We- wish more particularly at this time to express through your Excellency our undeviating loyalty to our beloved and Most Gracious Queen, whose virtues we trust may be imitated by and handed down to pur great nation's posterity by Her Majesty's illustrious family. 'Permit us also on this occasion to indicate our appreciation of the great boon and free institution, the 'District Councils Act,' assuring your Excel lency that it has worked admirably, and that iu its operations it is proved to be well adapted to meet the requirements of our colony, it having already been productive of much good to this our now and free country. ... tf We beg also to convey our high appreciation of your Excellency's able qualities, as Her Ma jesty's representative in tins province, and trust you may be long spared to continue that govern ment you have so successfully begun. 'Signed on behalf of the District Council and District of Willunga. ? . trTHOSiAS Mabtin, Chairman. ' Willunra. December 17. 1S83.' His Excellenct said — I thank you very sincerely for the warm reception given to me upon this the first occasion of my visiting your beautiful district. I had prqmised mvself this pleasure ' upon a former occasion, but I was com pelled to forego it, and relinquish for the time my intention to pay you a visit. I had heard much of the beauty of your district, but from what 1 have seen'thisday I can say that it has not been exaggerated. It is true that I have seen it under circumstances most favourable, whether we con sider the richness of the ' crops now ready to be gathered, or the beauty of the weather with which we are favoured. \ I thank you especially for the thoroughly loyal expressions contaiiied in your address, it i3 my great satisfaction on all such occasions as the present, to receive similar assu rances from the peopje in every portion of the colony to which, my visits have extended. I am happy to believe that this feeling will be as durable as it is now general. You have beenpleased to express your approbation of the course pursued by me in the government of this colony. It is very gratifying to me to receive this assurance of approbation from an intelligent portion of the coiiuuunity near enough to the centre of action to be really well acquainted with the manner in which the Government is con ducted. You are, I am happy to hear, satisfied with the working of your Municipal institutions, and that to me is an additional proof of your in telligence. It has been my lot to assist in the introduction of such institutions into a British colony very far away and many years ago, and in no instance have they produceu discontent where they have -been honestly carried, out. Let the spirit of party-be overcome and jobbery avoided, and such institutions produce unmixed good. 1 am pleased to find that you know their utility and work them to the general advantage, as any honest and intelligent community can work thein. They have another advantage. They are the nurseries from whence the Par liament must be replenished. When the age of this colony is considered, it must be ad mitted that it has made great advances, and it is impossible to predict the limits of its future progress. You have ample room to employ profit ably twenty times your present ppulation, and I hope I iliall hear no more of the stupid outcry against immigration. There is no country in the world where immigration can produce such great, immediate, and permanent 'benefit. . I trust that I shall 'he able to pay mauy future visits to your beautiful district, and to bring others of my family to participate hi that pleasure. ? Three cheers were given on the conclusion of His Excellency's reply. The officers of the-Willunga Lodge approached, when P. G. Crafter read and presented the follow ing address :— ' To His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, Knight, Governor-in-Chicf of the Colony of South Aus tralia, &c;, &c.; 'The officers and members of the Loyal Wil 'lunga Lodge of Oddfellows present themselves before your Excellency with the deepest sense of your condescension and kindness in accepting their invitation to the opening of their Hall. ' The happiness and good order of a people are much promoted by the example which, in social and domestic life, their, rulers show them. The like blessings we invoke on our gracious Queen and the Royal Family, we most cordially pray will descend on yourself, ? Lady Daly, and family ; for the people you govern see with pleasure the silken cords of love and affection which bind you to each other. ,,?,,. ' The endearments of home,' the kindred tics of husband and wife, father and child, are largely promoted by means of our extensive Society, a branchof which is now before you. By its almost universal instrumentality many of every country and denomination are aided in the painful passages of life— in sickness and bereavement. 'The fast increasing numbers of our Order here render greater accommodation necessary. To meet tins the building, the opening of which we this day inaugurate, has beeu erected. Joyfully, then, do we hail your presence here on this aus picious occasion, feeling that in the bosom of your Excellency beats a heart responsive to the sorrows and troubles of humanity. 'Welcome, then! thrice welcometo Willunga! May its circling hills and sunlit slopes recur to yon with pleasure for many a future year; and may we; your people, have in store a repetition of your visit! which at this moment confers such a general and heartfelt satisfaction. ' Sigued on behalf of the Lodge. 'Richard Cbaftkb. 'Jame3 Hughes. 'Joan Hauut. ' Joh.y Allkn. ? 'Zach. Williams.' His Excellency— I beg to assure you that I receive this address with very great pleasure. I have had great pleasure in responding to your invitation upon this occasion; but this is not the first time that I have met Oddfellows. Iunder Btand your institution well. I have had opportu nities to see its working in various parts of the world. I know the principles which govern it too well not to be prepared to appreciate your benevo lent actions, and to feel pride in acknowledging the loyalty which has ever distinguished your Order: The increase of your members and your enterprise m mnuunft a nan ior yourselves are pleasing and creditable. You can now hold your meetings in an edifice free from the reproach too often unfairly cost on the houses where Lodges usually assemble, .and where travellers are com pelled to look for accommodation. The sooner al Lodges are removed from even the best-conducte- hotels' the better, as. they will thus avertpretext for unfair imputations-inot that I mean to say that the like was ever experienced ; by your Lodge ; but I know that such has been the cose elsewhere. I thank you heartily for the welcome you have given me, and I hope' I shall have many future opportunities of visiting. your beautiful dis trict. ? .' Captain Atkinson, of the Willunga Volunteer Company, read ' and presented . {he following address:— '.'?': .; .. j . 'To His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, Knight, (lOvernor-in-Chief of the Colony of South Australia, &c;, &c.; 'On behalf of the officers and men of our com pany, we. beg to testify our great pleasure in welcoming your Excellency to this district; at the same time, we wish to assure you of the loyalty and respect we entertain for you as Governor of this province and representative of Her; Majesty our Most Gracious Queen. ' The knowledge tliat you take a lively interest in the volunteers is a strong incitement' to' pro-' mote their efficiency, and thus secure the appro bation of you Excellency. The encouragement o your presence conduces to arouse emulation ant promote competition : and we heartily hope that the welcome you will receive-here to-day; the amenities of the place, and tho knowledge you will gain of its people, will induce you to ic visit us at our future rifle- matches. . . ? .- j 'Most cordially do we unite with our fellow townsmen in wishing Lady Daly and family health and happiness, and to yourself, as our Governor, long life to wear the laurels your just adminis tration has earned. 'Capt. Atkinson... 'Lieut. Snoswell. 'StJBflEON Jay. ' Willunga, December 17, 1863.' His Excellency— I am very thankful to you for this address, and I do not think the volunteers re quire to be assured tliat I look upon them as one of the most creditable and essentially useful institu tions in this colon}', which is circumstanced as every other country is where no standing army is sustained. It is pleasing to see orderly citiiena armed, not for offensive operatiorw, hut to be pre«' pared to act efficiently on the defensive, should an emergency— which God forbid— arise to require their services. It is that profound policy of being in peace prepared for war which lias raised the 'mother-country, great as she; always was, to a higher position than ever amongst j the great nations of the earth. Great Britain, with her matchless navy, always stood high; but on no former occasion did she occupy such a proud posi tion as at present whet) she ha» 16^000 volunteers. -Tiot Oftiyejiiofled, but weiltolied, equipped, wi determined to defend their country to the last extremity. It is far from my desire to see the industry of the colony misapplied, or its interests injured, by too great & consumption of time in drul or rifle practice. - A sufficient time could be devoted, to these purposes without in any way interrupting the proper performance of business duties. With such- reasonable- 'attention they Lcpuld greatly increase their efficiency. As marks xnen, thb TOltmteers of South 'Australia djfl not suffer in comparison with the men of Wimble ton,1 and with~ practice they might' reasonably hope to attain still greater proficiency. I mu$t,-' howeVcr; impress upon your consideration the im portant fact that without drill more than half the value^of the inarksman, is lost; .For the kiud manner in which the volunteers and people of Willunga have* expressed themselves towards me, I can only say that I do not deal in professions; but when the tune comes for. inc' toueave South Australia the people wilt have no cause to doubt the sincerity of 'my .'attachment to them, or my desire to forward their interests. For your kind wishes for Lady Daly anil family' I h jve to return my most cordial thanks. (Applause.) . Again three cheei s were given for His Excellency, and the like for LaJyDaly and family. Mr. E. J. Peake, Special Magistrate of the Disliic, read and presented the following address: VTo His Excellency Sir Domiuick Daly, Knight Goyer'nor- in-Chief of South Australia, &c.; '? May it please Voiir Excellency— ' We the undersized. Bench of Magistrates of Willunga, offer your Excellency our congratula tions on this occasion of your first visit to Wil lunga, aud venture to bid you a hearty welcome. ' We trust your Excellency's visit to this district may afford you pleasure, as it is doubtless a source of great gratification to us and the inhabitants of Willunga and the neighbourhood.' 'Our district is eminently agricultural, and we trust your Excellency will derive some satisfaction in your journey through the country at this season, and at the sight of a contented, industrious, and loyal people, occupied in gathering a rich harvest from then- lands. 'May we, in conclusion, express a hope that though this is your Excellency 8 first visit to Wil lunga, we may be honoured on future occasions by other visits equally gratifying to us and the people at large. 'We have the honour to be, your Excellency's obedient servants. 'K.J. 1'eakh;s.m. 'K. BOSWOKTH, J.P. 'J. S. Mackintosh, J.P. 'T. S.KKLL, J.P.' His Excellency said-1 feel gratified at your kindness in presenting this address to me on this my first visit to Willuiiga. That I have not visited this important district before will I hope be attri buted to the proper cause— the very prolonged session of Parliament, which prevented my leaving the vicinity of Adelaide. I had actually made ar rangements to come, but afterwards was compelled to defer that pleasure until this day. I tan o»ly say that I am so gratified with 'all I see and hear that 1 shall take an early opportunity to repeat my visit, perhaps accompanied by the Indies of my family. (Hear aud applause.) THE LUNCH. His Excellency having replied to the various addresses, he was escorted by the Lodge officers to the rear of the new Hall, where lunch was spread n a temporary booth erected for the occasion. The District Officers of the M.U., who hail lent the district regalia to give eclat to the affair, and attended on special imitation, were, by some un fortunate oversight, not presented with tickets, or introduced into the booth ; and feeling indignant at the supposed slight, withdrew without taking any further part in the proceedings. There was an ample supply of good things and the company came well prepared to do them justice. Mr. J. Colton, M.P. for the district, presided i ; on his right was seated His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly, the on. Mr.. Ayers (Chief Secretary), and Mr. G. Hamilton {.Chief Inspector of Police). On the left of the Chairman were seated the Hon. J. Hart (Treasurer), Major Douglas (Collector of Customs), and the Rev. E. K. Miller. Dr. Mackintosh acted as Orfiunier: he was sunnnrtpd liv M r. Ivnll. .T.P.. he Rev. Mr. Howie, an j the officers of the Wil lunga Lodge. The ilev. E. K. Miller said grace, and on the conclusion of the repast the Rev. Mr. Howie returned thanks. The Chairman, on the removal of the cloth, proposed 'The Health of Her Gracious Majesty the Queen.' It was, he said, a source of general congratulation to all loyal subjects that Her Majesty had so far recovered from her sad be reavement us to be able to appear in public. The toast was drunk upstanding, the band play ing the National Anthem. The Chairman again called for bumpers, ant! proposed 'The Prince and Princess of Wales aud he rest of the Royal Family.' Public attention, he said, was directed to the conduct of the Prince of Wales in the natural desire to ascertain his fit ness for the high position which he was destined to fill; but he (the Chairman) hoped it would be long before the Prince of Wales sIiouHIk; called upon to fill that position or the country would be deprived of his illustrious mother's example. The toast was drunk with applause, the band playing ' Rule Britannia.' The Chairman called again for bumpers to drink 'The Health of His Excellency.1' He was cer tain the toast would be received with enthusiasm. They felt it to be a great honour to have bis pre sence there that day. A knowledge of the country was necessary to enable His Excellency to nil minister equal justice to all districts, and liis Excellency had given sufficient reason to believe that he was animated ly a sincere desire to know the wants of the colony,' and a determination to exert himself m the utniont to remedy every evil. (Applause.) He Baid this without the most remote desire to flatter His Excellency, lie had beeu but a short time amongst them, but his rule bail been mild, firm, and dignified. (Applause.) The colonists generally believed that Ins high duties were performed m a manner conducive to their best interests. The two Mouses of Parliament, so well represented there that day by the Chief Secre tary and the Treasurer, shared in the same opinion. There had been some misapprehension as to,. the time of His Excellency's arrival that morning, or a much laiger concourse would have greeted his arrival. He gave 'The Health of His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief.' , Drunk with applause, the baud playing 'St. Patrick's Day.' His Excellency said lie must be very insensible and more than unreasonable if he were not highly gratified with the reception he met Unit day. Hu must express his regret at having arrived a little too soon for the full operation of their arrange ments; but, for his own part, he was greatly pluasud with the kind reception which he hud experienced, and which he could assure them be would not soliii forget. His friend, the President, in proposing his health, had, in kindlyaudcomplimentaiy language, expressed approbation of his past conduct, and gave him credit for the sentiments which lie cer tainly entertained. He was afraid, however, that he must disclaim some of the praise, or he wouli appear egotistical in their eyes. (No, and applause.) Yes; the President hud in his kind ness said perhaps too much in favour of his deads; but it was impossible for the President to say too much for his desire to promote by all means in Jlis power the interests of the colony. (Applause.) It was his duty, us it w;is his1 pride and pleasure, to do so. It was the first duty he owed to his Queen, as it was also his first duty to her people entrusted to liis government. He would leave nothing untried which came within his sphere to forward their interests. How far he had up to the present succeeded it was for them U- judge. Such efforts as they were pleased to Bay met their full approbation would not bewautini in future; but,' as lie saw that the Chairman had a long list of toasts to get through, he would not add to the heavy duties of that gentleman by consuming time in a lung speech. He hoped, also, that other gentlemen would fullow his example, and he would conclude by returniiu: his learty thanks for the manner iu which the toast had been proposed and honoured. Dr. Mackintosh, Vice-Chairman, proposed ' The Army, the Navy, and the Volunteers' in a few appropriate sentences, naming Wellington and Nelson as types of the army and navy, ijonlcjng at what the English volunteers had done at Wim bledon, he thought the South Australian volun teers were not far behind their brethren in England, whom (hey had the courage to challenge to a trial of skill. (Applause.) The toast was drunk with ao ause. Air— 'Red, White, and Blue.' Major Douglas, in responding, said it must be gratifying to the several branches of the service to be noticed in that manner, and he had no doubt that before long another name would attract atten tion and be destined, to live in history should an emergency arise to call for great courage and pro found strategy, such as was exhibited by the great naval and military commanders referred to by tiie proposer of tiie toast. Mr. E. J. Peake, S.M., proposed ' The Parlia ment of South Australia.' It required, he said, not only considerable ability, but great indepen dence and prudence, to represent the people properly. It was no easy task to master the complicated business of legislation. It also re quired courage to meet the opposition, not always generous, of parties advocating conflicting inte rests, me constituencies suouiu not select men as representatives who promised largely, but those only who would calmly think out and unflinch ingly work out measures for the public good. The toast was drunk with applause. Air by the band. The Hon. H. Ayers said he had much pleasure in responding for the Legislative Council. The mover ? had well pointed out the difficul ties that beset legislation, and he could say, without any desire to disparage their neighbours, that the Parliament of South Australia contrasted well with the Legislatures of other colonies. Ho thought nine mouths in the year was too much to consume in legislation. (Hear, hear.) The recess was considered a holiday for Ministers. He could say that day was a holiday to him, but he would have to work double tides for it on liis return to liis office. It was, he thought, the duty of Ministers to see the various. districts of the colony, and to make themselves personally acquainted with the people's wants and wishes. There, was another advantage in occasions like the present which the people ought not to lose sight of— they gave oppor tunities to demand explanations, and if the district hod any cause Of complaint he hoped they would not let the Chief Secretary off until he had given them satisfactory explanations. (Hear and ap plause.) The Treasckeu said he had no desire to talk politics at that friendly gathering. His pleasure at visiting the district had even laid for the present the ghost of a Road Bill with which he was haunted. (Applause and laughter.) He- had, in walking amongst them, endeavoured to' recognise old familiar faces, or to trace re semolancos to them in the joyous groups of juveniles, but the altered appearance t( the place and the people put him out of his latitude. (A laugh.) They had been told that day of the beauty of the district: but. looking at the ladies, he was tempted to speak of the beauties of the district, who, judging from the number of children about, were as fruitful as they were fair and fascinating. (Laughter and applause.) Mr. Peake had well expressed the difficulties which a member of the House of Assembly bad to en counter.- Men who went there to listen to argu ment 'could : not and should not be the mere delegates of a district. It was essential that they should be free to use their judgment for the general welfare. That was his first holiday since he took office, attd if the old acquaintances he saw around him had as roqeh pleasure in seeing him as he had in seeing them ^eat good would have come of that holiday. ? With regard to the road he greatly admired it, and he was also greatly pleased at seeing the style in which His Excellency handled his team. He' thought his own minis terial chief, who was present, might take a lesson from the manner in which a restive indication was arrested, and all the team well kept in hand. (Ap plause.) Mr..MABTDf BuBOESS proposed 'The Agricul- tural and Pastoral Interest' The majority pre sent were, he said, interested in the first, ajid he was certain they all rejoiced in the prosperity of tho other interest, They Lad a splendid crop of wheat this season; but he thought tho time had arrived for the farmers to turn their attention to other cultivation. The toast was drunk with applause. Air- ' Song of Australia.' . Mr. Loud responded; referring to the depressing nfluencc of former bad seasons and low prices. 'welity years ago he met Governor Gawler at the [orseshoe, and no one at that time could predict le picsent growth of' the agricultural interest. From what he saw of the rising generation ho had no reason to apprehend any falling off in the agri cultural interest for the future. -?'''? Mr. T. Martin proposed 'The Health of the Mstriot- Otticers. M.U. A better gunrahtee of their being the right men in the right place could not be found than the fact that they were tho elected of upwards of fifty: Lodges. There was no response to this toast. Dr. Mackintosh proposed 'TheVisitors.' They elt highly honoured by the presence of His Excel lency and the gentlemen from all quarters who visited Wiiluuga that day. , His Excellkkcv returned thanks. The feelings of the visitors might be lietter expressed by another, but as he had Iwen placed first on the ist he would return thanks for the visitors. Ho had to return thanks also for the elegant hospitality with which the visitors had been entertained. Mr. U. Hamilton proposed 'The Health of Lady Daly and the Ladies of South Australia.' Drunk with applause. Air—' Heies a health to all good lasses. Iiii Excellency returned thanks upon behalf of Lady Daly and the other Indies of his family, le felt certain that on his reporting the manner iu which that toast was received he would bo reminded of a promise to fcjkc them to that beau iful district niailo some time ugo, but which ho had not been able as yet to carry out. Healao returned thanks for tho ladies of the colony. ? Mr. Haudy proposed 'The Press.' Drunk with applause. Air — ' When the southern breezes play.' Mr. Parkinson briefly responded. Dr. JAYlproposed 'The Health of the Chairman,' who had, he said, retained their good opinion asii member which he wou as a candidate. He had pleasure iu proposing the health of the Chairman. The Chairman' returned thanks for tho honour done him in asking him to preside upon that occasion. It might not be out of place- to my Ihut he contested that district at the urgent request of mauy friends. He felt this deficiencies ut the time, but promised to do his best ; and he had attended regularly to his duties in the House. Nothing should lie wautiug on his part to perform to tho best of his ability his duty in future. He hoped they would soon nave the pleasure of ^ecinff His Excellency, accompanied by Lady Daly anil the Misses Duly. (Applause.) He proposed 'Tho Health of the Vice-chairman.'' Dr. Mackintosh returned thanks, and this closed the midday proceedings. THE TEA MEETING. The ikbrix of the lunch were rapidly cleared away, and the tables loaded with the Haliter delicacies proper to the tea-table. A succession of blooming damsels and serious jounu men, with a tolerable proportion of matrons tuid juveniles, occupied the booth, aud discussed cake aud congou For two hours with evident Kusto; for 'they liuiRhediconsumedl.v.' At length the primitive but well-used banquet-hall was deserted, and all seemed eager to get scats to wit ness the f urinal opening of the new Hall, and to hear the concert. OPENING OF THE NKW HA1.I*. Shortly alter the doors were thrown open every seat was filled; there could not indeed have been fewer than 00!) persons present. Mr. Coi/rox took the chair, nnd havinjr glanced at the objects of Bonefit Societies generally ex pressed a hope that all the expectations of those who built that commodious room would bu realized. He then requested His Excellency to formally open the Hall. His LxcELLENcr said :— Ladies and Gentlemen— The very clear manner iu which the Chairman haa explained the objects for which this excellent and well-finished building has been erected renders it quite unnecessary for mu to advert to that point. \lv lilttv ia t liorf.fnfi' vorv fiittitttit nml I lini'il imttif [ileiLSurc in performing it. I have pleasure also in witnessing the interest taken .in these proceedings! !-y the numerous and respectable assemblage 1 kcu !iefoie me. I have now to declare that thin build ing is open for public purposes, and 1 trust that it tvill long continue to be as great an advantage to you as its erection is iu my judgment a credit tu the district. (Applause.) P.G. Ciut-XEii theu read the following report :— 'Mr. Chairman, your Excellency, Ladies and Gentlemen— ' Hitherto the business of our Lodge bus been conducted iu a public-house, and many have kept back from becoming members ' chiefly on that account. Moreover, from the continued iucreasu of members the mom luis become too small for nur meetings. It was llicicforu suggested that a inure suitable place should lie procured, and an idea presented itself winch was eagerly cherished ami ultimately carried out. 'It consisted first in obtaining the public sym pathy, which wiudnne, and who, I am Immiy and thankful to »ay, came forward to our help must. liberally by subscribing about £1110. 'To ellect, secondly, a loan. This we also did by borrowing iiSU at the low rate of 8 per cent, per annum. 'The site upon which the building stands was kindly i;ivcu by our much respected friend and brother, the late Mr. E. Rowlands. 'The supply of the slates of roof, the carting of stone, iVc, was also given aud done free. 'The contract price of the building was 1311. The total worth, when finished, is citiinntcd at £~£M. There will be a -Wit remaining of -xiYi. 'On belmlf of the Committee we humbly thank you for the liberal mippurt you have rendered us, and trust, now that our township \yill have thu convenience of a public hall, that much gnod may abound to all concerned.' THE COSCKIIT. The musical entertainment went (ill' with great spirit. The following copy of the prnuruniuu.' will show that the music selected was good, utui thu ladies and gentlemen, uided by Schnulcr'H liand, did it ample justice; and Huh the great, WilluiiKu file ended iu harmony :— ' (Jlee, It whs a Friar nf Orders (iiay; Solo, Kathleen Mnvournccn; Solo, Sweet Spirit, hear my Prayer; IJucitation, Scene from Khukspcarc; Duet, Murmuring Sea; Instru mental ltaiul; ('Ice, lireathe soft, ye WuuIh; KeciUtiun, Spanish Chmupiuu; Solo, As 1 view thetic 'Scene*; -;iee, O happy, happy, happy pair; Instrumental liund; Band, Wedding March; Duct, l'liliislii'sliaiiner; Solo, Cigars ami Cognac; (Jlee, Vintager's Evening Hymn; Solo, The Hurp that once through l'ara's Halls; Solo, AIoiizo ami luioccne; Duet, When the Swallows homeward* fly; Instrumental ltanil; Duet, A Voice fiiim the Waves; Solo, We'll help them limke it ji.iy; limitation, Struck Comical; Glee, The Kud-CroH* Knight; Finale, Gud Save tho Queen (vcrae and churns).' 