SIX SONNETS ON VARIOUS SUBJECTS. BY HENRY HALLORAN. I. CAN you, sagacious boaster! keep from out The very heart of her you call your own, Her love for me,--my passion for her known,-- Although you fidget, dream, and prowl about! Under your very eyelids will I teach Her eyes to answer mine, and you shall know Not one iota, although you fancy so, Of what we've sweetly spoken, without speech. Go and catch Gardiner! 'twere an easy task; The space is only miles, by hundreds told, Of rock, and cave, and intricate ravine: His the tough muscle and the senses keen Of hunted wolf,--swift, vigilant, and bold,-- Your's! shall I come more near, and raise the mask? II. "Worse and worse," and 'twill be worse and worse, When others, full of words, of wisdom void, Into some yawning gulf, driven or decoyed, Prove their own ruin and their country's curse. If long experience and sagacious thought Cannot, at once, the difficult knot untie, Nor dare to cut,--why should some novice try And push a crisis with dire evil fraught? A different state of things--wild elements Which unobserved have gathered into strength-- May tax the patient brain, and wary hand:-- Only the ill is seen throughout the land; The good, a hundred-fold in breadth and length, Is not observed, and hence these loud laments, III. Leave the old Helmsman at the groaning wheel,-- Although the vessel heaves with heady shocks As the great water opens, and the rocks Some fathoms dawn appear to graze the keel. He keeps a steadfast eye, a nerve of steel, And notes each motion in that magic box,-- And so, at length, into the quiet docks Will steer the good old bark, "the Commonweal." But should we yield, perhaps some tempest near, To untried hands the guidance of the bark, How soon on shoals or breakers were she toss'd; Then would the passengers, at direful cost, Leam, amidst fear and wild confusion dark, To wish the helm with him, who knows "to reef and steer." IV. Press thou, oh! Britain, great and dignified, And say this fratricidal war shall end: It ill befits thee, as a father-friend, To let them tear the heart from other's side. Do they come down from those who, as they died, Stabb'd at each other's bosoms, or descend From that far nobler stock that stoops to tend A fallen foe, Mercy it's highest pride. It grieves me to the heart to think that thou, With all thy glory, and with all thy might, Has't not ere now thy power interposed To close that horrid chasm that should be closed, Without a brother's body, dead in fight, And Cain's curse festering on the slayer's brow. V. The wail of woe suppressed throughout the land, Lest other nations should discern their grief, Or think, though heartstruck, they would seek relief, Sounds, to the spiritual ear, profound and grand As their own mighty rivers, or the wave Of their majestic forests tempest-stirred, And through the depths of ages must be heard As a reproach to those who scorned to save. Bear, O great nation! with their wounded pride; Bend, mighty nation! to a generous deed; Show that thy great heart bows with their great, woe-- For they are of thy blood, which still must flow Till Doom, in waftage of the deathless seed Of Liberty, where'er it falls, precious and sanctified. VI. And ye, oh brethren, pause ye, and behold How vast the evil of this frantic strife Beyond the mighty waste of precious life, In the great promise of the future, rolled Backwards, e'en as a banner, on whose fold Was written Hope, Love, Peace, for coming years; Now stained with blood, and saturate with tears, And shadowed with the clouds of woes untold. Oh, brethren, brave ye are--be also wise.-- If Christian men, with honest hearts, desire To do the right, the way is not remote-- Withdraw thy fierce grasp from thy brother's throat,-- Plunge not his household in contagious fire, Nor shut thyself from hopes beyond the skies. Mowbray, 19th July. ASTHONOMÏ OF THE INVISIULE.-A few months ago H. Lcvf xr.'er informed the Académie des Sciences that we should have to augmtnt our estimate of the earth's "' mass by one-tenth, or diminish by one-tenth the mass I of the Sun ; bia reason being that otherwise no explana- tion ceuld be offered of certain observed perturbations in our orbit. For himself, he inclined to the augmen- tation of the earth, ond this in the Bhape of a ring of I aerolite?, the analogue of Saturn's ring. M. Foucault shortly after arrived at a different conclusion. In two' foi mt r numbeis of this Magazine ve gave an, eccount of his important discovery that the velocity of Light is less than was supposed-a discovery which, must alter' almost all astronomical calculations, and among ihem that of the distance of the sun from the earth, andthe weight of the sun itself. The distance being thus diminithid by a thirtieth, the weight is diminished by a tenth. Is it not piquant to reflect that by the pioperty of an imponderable, the weight of a mighty planet may be determined. "Whether the weight of the earth or the sun be altered, is not oui present object. Why ore we to conclude the existence nf impartant facts merely because slight pcitubeiations are observed in the orbit of a planet? It is one of the triumphs of Science to foresee-not simply to see unborn consequences, but to assert the vision of invisible existente. Bessel is the creator of the astronomy of the invisible j and the creation pro- mises to be fruitful. He waa occupied with Sirius that sun which is incomparably larger than our own, which in ancient days burned with a brilltant red, and in our daj s is admired for its brilliant white. Bessel, comparing the observations recorded during a hundred yeaiB vith those of the constellations Taurus, Orion, and the Tv. ins, noticed a certain movement of oscilla- tion peculiar to Sirius. From this ho boldly con- cluded iliat Sirius was subject to the gravitating influ- ence of a large mass of invisible matter, probably a planet. Hie planet could not be seen with the naked eye, nor with the best telescope. But Science saw it, and would persist in cccing it, should its light never I reach our globe. To some more cautious minds this I conclusion seemed very hazardous. Even Humboldt i jested with Bessel about his planetary ghosts. A dis I ciple, however, Peters, whose faith is creditable, cal I culated the orbit of this invisible planet, which he i found to be a very elongated ellipse, with an annual movement of seven degrees, and a revolution of thirty jeers. The distance of this satellite from Sirius was estimated at a few second?. In 18C2 an American, astronomer, Mr. Alvan Clark, was blessed with the first sight of this hitherto unseen planet ; and ita dis- tance was found to be ten seconds. Such remarkable confirmation of abstract prevision naturally excited great rejoicing. Since then others Lave seen the plenet, and its existence has become a vulgar fact. A second discovery of a similar kind is announced by Aunersof Könisbtrg. Procyon, the principal Btar in. the constellation of the Little Dog, ia said by him to have a satellite vith an annual movement of nine di grecB, and a revolution of thirty years. Its dis- tance is only two seconds. Doubtleas ive Bhall hear of many such discoveries. But one suiiices to exhibit the precision and extent of sweep which the methods of modern science admit.-Com/till. WHO'LL BE THE GOAT ?-An " old salt," who hod been on a bender, had got what might be termed sub- limely mystified by his frequent imbibings of "the crittir." Stivering along the streets, he thought he would go to the theatre, and pass the remainder of the evening. Following some men he thought bound on the same voyage, he found himself in what he thought to be the pit, but it happened to be a chapel, and the minister was preaching upon the text wherein is men- tioned the sheep and the goits, and in order to make an impression upon his congregation he put the signi- ficant question, " Who would wish to be a goat ? " and paused, and then with still greater emphasis said, " Who will be a goat} " Our tipsy sailor could not brook the delay, and he at once responded, " As no- body else (hie) will bo it, I'll be the (hie) goat rathes th_a the play should stop." 