GENERAL SUMMARY. fFfOUi the Some News. March 26.1 Memorable amongst the 'white days in English history will be tlie7th March, 1863. Upon that day the Briueess Alexandra of Schleswig-Holstein Sonderburg- GIuekaburg, now Princess of Wales, ipade her public entry into London. We hare elsewhere given a de tailed account of this magnificent reception, which, in point of splendour and enthusiasm, has no pttraiiei in oursnnals. No country but England could produce the succession of marrdlous scenes which greeted the eyes of the PriucetB on her route froa Gravcsend through London to Windsor. | The decorations and trophies which were scattered in profusion along the entire road, the vast preparations which were already made for the celebration of | tlic nuptials, and the display of power and wealth which rose about her in a thousand variety of forms as she advanced, were in themselves sufficiently striking; but that ele ment of greatness which must have been most surprising to her, and which, more than any other, must have impressed upon her mind the magnitude of the occasion, and the resources of the country of which, under Providence, she may one day become j Queen, was the spectacle presented by the ! population, independently of the flowers and the evergreens, the statues and the transpa rencies, the music and the pageantry. She must have passed through masses of English men and women, between tlie moment when she landed at Gravcsend to the moment of her arriral at Windsor Castle, amount ing to little less than double the whole | population of the kingdom of Denmark. It ha3 been rougldy computed that iu London alone there were at least two millions of per sons who actually witnessed her progress. Of | course, no means exist by which the accuracy 1 of Buch calculations can be tested; but estimating the unknown by the known, that number cannot be considered exaggeration. At St. Paul's alone 12,000 people were seated ; at some of the Clubs 600 persons were accommodated on the temporary seats erected for the occasion; every spot where it was possible to insert scaffolding along the lint of route was turned to account; every window, housetop, and balcony wa9 crowded; andtlie streets and roads were packed so full that | people who had once got into the mass could not get out again till the eight was over, and , the dense multitude were slowly liberated. The expenditure of the people of London on the 7th of March, including the corporations and other public bodies, the sightseers who hired scats, the decorations of houses, and nu- j mcrous miscellaneous items, may bo estimated 1 at considerably above a quarter of a million. When to this arc added the costs of the illu minations, banquets, and other demonstrations got up in celebration of the wedding, the full heartcd devotion of the English to the throne, j and to those who deserve well, or promise to ; deserve well, of them, will, like good wine, need no bush. That the Princess Alexandra will justify the r.oble tribute which has been paid to her, we do not doubt. If any augury may be drawn from the "hui.-an face divine," her character iB frank, confiding, and generous. There is a remarkable brightness and candour in the play and expression of her features, which beam with vivacity and good nature. | Every movement is distinguished by ease and grace. Her figure is slight and delicately foimed s her complexion too is delicate, but it I is the delicacy of high blood and fine organ- ! isaticn, and not of physical weakness. Her face is extremely pretty, full of varied emotion, and reflecting back sunnily the life around her. She appears also to be perfectly able to appre ciate the difficulties and responsibilities of her new and trying position. Intelligence sitB in her j eyes, and is displayed in the rapidity with I which she seizes upon every incident, and the promptitude with which she responds to every demand made upon her attention. Through out the whole of that arduous progress, which lasted between four and fire hours, she never ; loBt her self-possession, or forgot for an instant what was due to the loyal crowds who gave her so enthusiastic a wel come. Nor did * she betray, whatever she may have suffered, the least symptom of j fatigue to the last; she preserved her bright spirit and gracious manner, and carried with her into Windsor Castle tho hearts and the blessings of those thousands who on that day hailed in the " Hose of Denmark" the futura j Q.ueen of England. It is pleasant at the close of this elaborate display of national feeling to be able to say ! that the performances passed ofF with the greatest success. The only shadow that fell upon the splendour came from the terrible crush iu the city on the night of the 10th March. Several lives were lost. It was no place for women and children ; but, unfortu- , nately, women and children are always to be found in the places where they ought not to he. In the west end of the towD, where there was more room for circulation, and a more efficient police system, the spectacle was seen by tens of thou sands without danger, although in many places the pressure was unavoidably very severe; bat in the narrower streets' of the city, where the police are cither less numerous or less capable, deaths took place in the streets, and many persons sustained grevious injuries. Out of experience comes wisdom; and, now that the difference between the two forces is made apparent, something must be done to prevent such terrible incidents in the future. The proceedings in Parliament up to the present time have been unusually tame. There have been interpellations on every possible subject, from the Galway subsidy up to the Polish revolution, but no debate. The strength of all parties seems to be reserved till after Easter, when Mr. Gladstone brings forward his budget, and the whole policy of Government, abroad and at home, will be thrown open to discussion. Should the Op position attempt any hostile move, Lord Palmerston iB understood to be quite ready to dissolve ; but this is an extremity which neither side desires, and which is not likely to be put into action. Amongst the few subjects of interest which have recently occupied the attention of Par liament is that undignified affair described as the dispute with BraziL The fact that we have exacted an indemnity from a weaker Power, who, while she submits to our demand, protests against its justice, is an unpleasant occurrence. An Englishman is, above all men, the man to insist upon his rights; but he is the last man to enforce them under disputed cir cumstances without such a concurrence of opinion as ought to place his antagonist in the wrong beyond appeal. We trust that the reference of the yet unsettled part of this dis pute to the King of the Belgians will lead to a better final understanding on the whole question. Concerning most of the European questions, and also the American war, Ministers have been required to give explanations, and to ex pound tbeir policy. Upon the whole it be- j comes more and more evident that our funda mental principle is to look at home, and let other people do as they like. We are now J pursuing that course towards Greece. Having j done what we could to help her and failed, she must now do what she can to help herself. It is odd enough that she has begun by re calling her Minister at the Court of St. James's. Touching Poland and the treaty of Yienna, I Lord Palmerston has drawn a very clear line of distinction between the right of interference | given by the treaty and the duty or obligation of interference. They are very different things; and England, without relinquishing her right, has not yet discovered the obligation. As to J America, Earl Russell rejects alike mediation and recognition. He will have nothing to do with either belligerent, and believes that the j speediest way to arrive at a termination of the war is to let it go on without interruption. The Polish revolution will occupy a large j space in the history of the year, although its j triumphs have been brief. From a small begin- : ning it made rapid head, acquired consistency with marvellous rapidity, and finally achieved successes that made the whole of Europe look on with admiration, and that must have led to more profitable sympathy had they continued a few weeks longer. Wherever collisions took place between the insurgents and the Russians, the former were invariably triumphant. One victory was won at Bug, on the eastern con fines of Poland, and two others in other places. Befugees gathered day after day to the standard ] of revolt. A capture was made of 6000 Rus sian arms, the one thing which most of all the j insurgents stood in need of, for previously they had fought with scythes, clubs, or whatever I implements they could improvise. The whole of | the southern half of the kingdom was in the field, and the campaign had developed itself at Limberg, a city of Austrian Galicia, near Cracow, and standing nearly equi distant be tween Austria and Prussian Poland. Here Langiewicz was at the head of his forces which had been recently augmented; and here ! was the bulk of the Russian army, which had, likewise, been reinforced. The time was come when they should take some formal step to consolidate and proclaim their victories. What they chiefly wanted was a visible head, and a recognised central power, for the more I effective prosecution of their objects. That ! visible head they now found in the person of I Langiewicz, who issued a proclamation in which heaseunied the functions of MilitarvDic- j tator of Poland, with the assent of the secretPro visional Government. The effect of this procla mation was like the burst of a trumpet calling men to arms. It supplied exactly what every one wanted; and the confidence inspired by . the gallantry and devotion of Langiewciz was at once shown in the enthusiasm with which j his assumption of absolute power was univer sally hailed. At this momentous crisis, when the pro spect of accomplishing great practical results | seemed possible, Langiewicz committed what i ! v,e feer will be regarded as the fatal error of' giving battle to tbe enemy on the open plain. So long as lie confined himself to the species of guerilla war which is best adapted to irre gular and undisciplined ' troops, he carried everything before him; the moment he ventured to contest a pitched battle be was defeated, and his whole force dispersed. The sequel may he briefly related. Seeking refuge across the Vistula, in Galicia, he was arrested by the AuBtrians, and placed in the fortress of Cracow. He will not be surrendered to the Russians, but kept upon parole in some Austrian town. Under these circumstances, Langiewicz at ouce resigned the D.ctatorehip, and the Secret Committee at Warsaw resumed the Provisional Government. The fires of the insurrection still flicker in various places; but it is felt that the revolution has received its death-blow. The few items of intelligence that reach us from America arc important, although they do not materially alter the " situation." Congress has armed Mr. Lincoln with ample powers by suspending the Habeas Corpus Act, and autho rizing the President to issue letters of marque. It has also carried a Conscription Bill, embrac ing all citizens between 20 and 45. These measures show that there is no present inten tion of diminishing the war pressure. But that: isnot the sqleconsiderationwhichhas influenced the American legislature in adopting such extreme steps. The conscription and the letters of marqne, and the suspension of the habeas corpus, are evidences of a secret ap prehension that America does not stand quite so well with foreign Powers as she did. There is a notion that a war with Prance is imminent, not arising out of the Mexican business, but out of the attempted mediation between North and South. Humour follows rumour as to the sinister designs of the Emperor, and the gobe mouches of the North ean arrive at no other conclusion than that of an approaching recog nition, which, in their bunkum, is equivalent to a declaration of war. There are many small items, showing that the war iB being prosecuted as furiously as ever in detail, but without any material advantage on either side. We - learn, for example, that the Confederates have captured 200 Federal cavalry in one place; but this is balanced by the loss of 200 Confederate infantry in another. The fear of a Confederate invasion is still apprehended in Kentucky; Yicksburg still awaits the slow horrors of a protracted siege; Charleston has been emptied of its domestic valuables, preliminary to its being set on fire should it fall into the hands of the Federals; the Mississippi has risen, and the Confederates are descending with rams to attack the Federal fleet at New OrieanB; General Banks has been shot at as he was stepping into his carriage; a force of 5000 negroes is training in the North, for the purpose of being employed to raise the slaves in the South ; and a Confederate privateer has captured and burned a ship bound for New York, with a cargo on board estimated at the value of one million of dollars. This last cir cumstance has thrown the New York Chamber of Commerce into convulsions. There is a report that ihe Federals have gained a great battle, and taken 7000 Confederates and 8 frigates on the Yazoo River; and the rumour of tbe Confederate invasion of Kentucky is cir cumstantially revived. Congress has done all that Mr. Lincoln could desire. It has indemnified him for the past, and invested him with despotic powers for the future. He may issue letters of marque, and any amount of green backs. As to intervention, the Com mittee of Foreign Relations has reported that foreign mediation only fosters rebel lion, and hasfurthertnore declared that the war must be carried on till the rebellion is crashed, and that any attempt at interference will be I regarded as an unfriendly act. These resolu I tions are to be forwarded to foreign Powers. But the great closing act of Congress has been a hill rendering void all loans of geld above par. The effect of this measure upon the Stock Exchange is indescribable. There was a panic in Wall-street such as has never been witnessed before. The fluctuations in the price of gold were as eccentric as a column of mercury exposed to a rapid alternation of atmospheric influences. After sinking down to 50 and 49, it rose again to 63 per cent. Should the Federal arms experience a great reverse any where, it would rise again to 80 or 90. At Richmond gold is up to the unintelligible premium of 350 per cent. The passive endurance of the operatives in the north of England has at last yielded to the pressure of long-delayed hope, and a fearful riot has broken out in Staleybridge, the mob proceeding afterwards to Ash ton,. when the cavalry were called out, and it became necessary to read the Riot Act. The chief alleged causeB of this disturbance are a reduction in the allowance to adult scholars, and the substitution of a relief ticket for money. No grounds of complaint—supposing them even to bo perfectly just and reason able—could be admitted as offering a valid excuse for an outbreak of this description. The Relief Committee have shown so much tender ness and anxiety for the workpeople through out-this terrible crisis, that it looks very much like savage ingratitude to resort to violence on such pretexts as these, inetead of having recourse to remonstrance. The Committee alone can judge of what is best, and, above all, of what is possible. An appeal to them would have been answered by frank explanations, and there could have been no difficulty in organising a conference that would have terminated satisfactorily. As it is, peace must be. kept and riot punished. It is not improbable that this unfortunate affair may indirectly exert a malignant influence upon the industry of tbe North; but, whatever comes of it, the law must be respected, and no man, or set of men, can be permitted upon any pretence to foment public disturbance. We subjoin further extracts from the Horn 2Cetos and other English papers:— MARRIAGE OF THE PRINCE OI WALES AND THE PRINCESS ALEXANDRA. Late into the night of Saturday, the 7th March, 1863, the excitement arising from the arrival and reception of the Princess Alexandra throbbed through the towns of Windsor and Eton, and subsided only as Sunday and its church bells broke solemnly upon the inhabi tants. For that day there was a stately hush over the scene of the recent rejoicings; the Bishop of Oxford preached in St. George's Chapel; and the presence of great personages m and about the castle was manifested by the air of unusual state that pervaded all the ap preaches. But Sunday had scarcely faded into midnight when the buzz of preparations for fresh labours of love and loyalty began to be heard again. Monday was a gala day, and a day of high expectation in Windsor and itf neighbourhood. The Prince and Prin cess drove out in an open carriage and showed themselves to everybody' and were everywhere received with renewed acclamations of delight and devotion. Other great people were in movement all day long in carnages, and on horseback and on foot, and the streets, roads, and parks were alive with joyous bustle. If the whole population brought out into the open air by the occasion or idling m windows and balconies, were going to be married themselves, they could not hare displayed greater enthusiasm. Then came a magnificent display of fireworks in the Home Park at night, which is said to have transcended all previous efforts in that way and which was witnessed from the windows and terraces of the castle by the illustrious and distinguished persons who, to the number of upwards of one hundred, were the Queen's guests that day. The last echoes of the pyrotechnic explosions, whose blaze was like a burst of flame over Datchet meadow lighting up the whole surrounding country had scarcely died away, when the people resumed then- preparations for Ihe festive morning that was about to dawn. The tramp of men and the roll of carnages were heard at an unusually early hour in the streets of Windsor, and the inhabitants were abroad with the dawn. Full as the town was of strangers as much as £5 having been asked for three beds and a sitting-room for the one night—the morning trains in rapid succession brought an immense accession of visitors. It soon became a serious question as to liow they were all to be disposed of. LineB of galleries, commanding an admi rable view of the route of the procession, and extending from the private grounds to the iron gates, were early filled with spectators; and the courtyard of the castle was furnished with platforms to accommodate a large number of persona. The first stir that sent a palpitation through out the masses of people who were there as sembled was the appearance on the ground at about half-past; 10 o'clock of the Cfeldstream Guards. They were soon formed so as to keep the line leading from the gate through whieh the procession was to move to the entrance for bride and bridegroom. With the Coldstreams were united in this duty the Berkshire Volun teers, under Colonel Lindsay. The Grenadiers and Fusiliers were on duty in other parts of the ground. At 11 o'clock, the 1st Regiment of the Horse Guards came in and took their stations, and immediately after the Eton scholars, all of them wearing rosettes, made a rush vp the hill, and stationed thwuseiYee on the south side behind the Horse Guards. At a quarter past 11 all admissions within the castle gates were stopped, and the spectacle which then presented itself was brilliant in the highest degree. The east end of the broad drive, where it connects itself with the park, may bo regarded as the base of a triangle, the sides of | which run gradually narrowing till they form the main road at the town entrance" to the castle. Along this roadway, and immediately behind the Guards, stood a double line of | spectators. Behind these, on the south side, rose the upper and middle platforms, full of | gentlemen and ladies—the former with rosettes, the latter glittering in their bright scarlet, blue, and magenta mantles, and their light and flowered bonnets. Still further down, in the hollow of the slope, and surrounding the door by which the bridal procession was to enter the Chapel Boyal, was the third platform occupied by a more highly favoured an a more brilliantly attired group. In the dis- I tance, on the north side, rose the grey, solid frame of the grand old castle itself in fine con trast with the hot and varied colouring on the opposite side. The coup d'aeil, as it took in the whole view, with the flags floating from the triumphal arch before the castle gates, and enlivened by rays of sunlight, such as of them selves never fail to exhilarate any crowd in the month of March in this northern clime, was at | once magnificent and invigorating, and when taken in connection with the event with which i it was associated may be regarded as com bining with the artistic and the natural some thing of the sympathetic and the sublime. The morning had broken witii rather a slight j chill after a frosty night; but as the Eun aecended the heavens the day became bright and warm, diffusing a genial lustre over the scene. There were plenty of incidents to amuse the crowds during the interval before the pro cession began to move. Shortly before 11, Prince Christian, the father or the Princess Alexandra, and the Duke of Cambridge were recognised in the Home Park, and received a warm greeting. They had strolled out ap parently to see something'of the gathering around the castle walls before donning State garments. A little later in the morning an incident of another kind occasioned consider merriment. An elderly man in very plain clothes, accompanied by two porters, the one carrying a blue bag well filled, the other a carpet one not quite so bulky, passed up the centre of the entire line, and, entering the gate from which the procession issued, was lost to view within the royal castle itself. A Jew carrying away his "ole clo'," or a poor traveller enable to pay for a cab, could not have been more unexpected at such a time : and place; but although every one laughed and wondered what he did there, the mysterious stranger passed unconcernedly along, gatekeepers, policemen, and soldiers j yielding to the latent influence which he possessed, of whatever sort it might be. At half-past 11 the first carriage of the pro cession to the chapel approached the gates, j when all at once there was a bustle of commo tion. and every eye was directed to its approach. The first part of the procession consisted of the royal guests. They came in seven state car riages. The first three carriages contained equerries, adjutants, and gentlemen in atten dance on the royal personages who occupied the remaining four; in the first of which were seated His Highness the Maharajah Dhnleep Singh; His Serene Highness Prince Ed ward of Saxe Weimar; and His Serene Highness the Prince of Leiningen; the others being princi pally occupied by members of the family of the Princess Alexandra. The spleudour of the Maharajah Dhuleep Singh's appearance in his turban and oriental robes, crusted with jewels and resplendent with gold, was a theme of universal admiration. His munificent gift to the Princess Alexandra of a bouquet-holder which cost £1,000 was amply rewarded by the hearty cheers which greeted him as the carriage passed along the line. The sixth and seventh carriages, containing the sisters and brothers of the bride, were watched with great interest, and received with loud acclamations, which were veiy cordially and gracefully ac knowledged. At a quarter before 12 o'clock appeared the second procession, consisting of the royal family and household, occupying 11 carriages. The first six contained the household, and the remaining five the members of the royal family, the last being occupied by Her Boyal Highness the Crown Princess of Prussia and her little son, Prince William of Prussia. Each carriage as it passed was heartily cheered. Prince Leopold and Prince Arthur were in Highland costume, and they appeared highly to enjoy their reception. But, perhaps, the most enthusiastic cheering up to this point was for the Crown Princess of Prussia. She was looking extremely well, and * her pleasant, cheerful face was seen to great ad vantage as she partially rose from her seat^in acknowledgment of the public acclamations. Next followed, at 12 o'clock precisely, the procession of the bridegroom. Public expecta tion was now nearly wrought to its height. There was but one sight more to transcend the interest of this part of the ceremonial. There were six carriages, five of which were occupied by members of the different royal households, and in the last sat His Boyal Highness the Bridegroom, and the reigning Duke of Saxe Coburg and Gotha and the Crown Prince of Prussia, his supporters or groomsmen. The Prince looked pale and anxious, and there was now and then a twitching of the lips as though Gis Boyal Highness were striving to control any exhibition of nervous feeling or agitation. With white shoulder-knots, and collar of the Order of the Garter over his bright uniform, he had a gallant and noble look, and with grace and animation repeatedly acknowledged the hearty plaudits with which he was received. In another quarter of an hour came the pro cession of the bride, shorter but incomparably more interesting than any of its predecessors. Trumpets and Life Guards seldom before appealed to such beating hearts as on this occasion. There were only four carriages. In the first, second, and third came chamberlains and ladies in attendance; and in the fourth appeared, to the infinite delight of the thou sands of spectators, the bride, supported by the Duke of Cambridge and Prince Christian of Denmark. As their Boyal Highnesses passed down the line the outbursts of affectionate devotion exceeded, if that were possible, the exhibition of the previous Saturday. She looked very pale; but there was a re markable expression of sweetness in her eyes which showed that the pallor was occa sioned by the novelty of her situation, and not by any sentiment of melancholy or dis trust. The white veil falling lightly from her head, and the wedding wreath that sat grace fully upon her forehead, framed one of the most charming pictures the imagination of a painter could conceive. The several processions have now entered St. George's Chapel, and we must follow them. The porch and arched passages leading to the nave were filled soon after 9 o'clock. The western entrance, opening into the upper part of the nave, wbb not opened till after 10 o'clock. The assemblage j was gradually filtered through into the nave, and the gentlemen of the Lord Chamberlain's department finally dis tributed the happy atoms along the scarlet benches within. As drift upon drift of those favoured with tickets came fluttering from the doorwayB, each succeeding row higher and ] higher was occupied. At 11 o'clock^here was no more room, and the doors were closed. Many of the most distinguished families and pelsons in the empire were represented on these benches. The sight was one of mar vellous splendour and beauty, as may be in ferred from the fact that- the number of ladieB exceeded that of gentlemen by three to one. With respect to the general effect, it should j be observed that it was the wish of the Sove reign that bright colours should be avoided, and that mauve, lavender, or light blue should 1 he worn. The resolt was charming, because it produced a harmony of colour such as has never been witnessed before. It would be an excellent thing if a similar regulation were enjoined on all State occasions. If there was something lost in the way of contrast, which is often violent, it was amply counterbalanced by the gain in the blended tone of the ensemble. While these seats were filling, the gallery near the orgau began to be alive with the singers and _ musicians engaged to take part in the service. Amongst the number we recognised the familiar faces of John Parry, Mrs. German j Beed, and Jenny Lind. During the interval of suspense that fol lowed the closing of the doors the nave is ! trodden, Bingly or in groups, by the dignitaries j and guests, who are filing into their places. Conspicuous amongst them is a well-known figure, once the erect, soldierly, strong type of the Btrong man who fought in famous fields half a centniy ago, and who is still fighting bravely against the inroads of time. Covered with honours, as he is laden with years, for he is now 91, who that sees Staple ten, Yiscount Combermere, in that exact uni form, marching down the centre of the nave in ] the lustrous boots for which the dashing horse man of El Bodon was distinguished, remembers that he served in Flanders before Napoleon founded a dynasty, and in India long before the great Company had ceased to fear Tippoo, before the Mahrattas were broken, and before the power of the Sikhs was heard off There is a mysterious reception, chamber, hidden by the rich folds of a vast drapery of purple silk, and within are wa'ting the invited guests of the Queen, ready to form into a procession, when the proper moment comes. On a sadden—far remote indeed—are heard from the world beyond the walls the bars of "God Save the Queen," and as they are yet sounding nearer and nearer, the purple curtain is drawn back, and there enters into the nave the procession of the royal guests. We cannot undertake to enumerate them. They have been already chronicled in the Court lists, and are familiar to the reader of those records. Prominent amongBt them, or, Tather, first, for he heads the procession, is His Highness Dhuleep Singh. The representative of the glories of the Ehalsa, the descendant of the Lion of Lahore, is resplendent in cloth of gold kirkob, with collar of pearls and sheen of yellow satin; and it is strange to see him here among the fair-haired Norsemen and Teutons whose boldest adventures had never led them within half the world's c.renmftrerice of the land we have made our own. Nest to the Maharajah is Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar, who fought in our ranks at Inkermunn ; and the illustrious line is closed by Colonel Seymour, who stood near at hand in that terrible press of men. When these had all passed into the chapel, the music ceased, and silence followed for a little while. Then onee more the purple cur tain was thrown open, the trumpets gave forth their peal to the roll of the kettledrums, and the train of pursuivants and heralds, two by two, marched slowly towards the chapel, heading the great procession of the royal family and the Queen's household. The effect of this procession, slow in pace, brightly coloured, and proudly resplendent, was very beantiful; and its beauty and its interest were greatly enhanced by "the presence of the children of the house endeared to the nation by the virtues and sorrows of the Queen. The appearance of the young Princesses of England elicited a universal expression of profound ad miration and sympathy. And when the Crown Princess of Prussia came, leading by the hand his little Royal Highness Prince William of j Prussia, whose tiny gait was revealed by a Highland costume, a soft sound stole through , the nave, which the genius of the place alone i repressed from swelling into an enthusiastic | development. But it was, nevertheless, the index to the feelings of the whole English heart. Again the flourish of trnmpete and the roll of j drums awaken the echoes of the chapel, and the procession of the bridegroom enters, and passes up the nave, every eye looking blessings and every head paying homage as the young j Prince, whose military costume is almost con ! cealed under his mantle of the Garter, advances I towards the scene where the dream of his : young life is to be realized, j Another brief interval, and the car tain opens again and the last procession emerges, in the midst of which, radiant alike with fear and hope, the bride advances, her train being held by eight unmarried daughters of dukes, mar quises, andearl8. We must now pass out of the nave into the choir, whose exclusive precincts are reseived for royalty and the high officers of State alone. It is a sanctuary worthy of such presence. The place is full of histori cal memories, which at once flash acrosB the mind, but which we have not time to linger over now. Up the centre of the chapel is a rich carpet worked at the borders with the Prince's plume and motto, and bis own and hie bride's monogram. Near the altar is a raised dais approached by three broad steps, and giving an ample platform for the accommodation of the bridal party. It is covered with garter-blue velvet cloth, on which is worked the old heraldic Tudor rose, en circled by the motto of the Garter. Around are crimson and gold seats with fringes and tassels of bullion. Screens have been removed on all sides, and accommo dation benches provided for the invited gueBts. A special place, that nearest to the altar, is reserved for the Royal Academician, Mr. W. P. Eritb, who, in full Court costume, sits here to take his drawings for the great picture of the Royal Marriage, which he is to paint by command, and for the copyright of which a higher sum has been paid than was ever before offered for any picture. The seat selected for Mr. Frith is immediately behind the royal personages on the Haut Pas, from which point the design is to be taken. Above the altar, on the left, jutting oxt from the wall, is the royal pew,, covered with quaint old carving, and still more enrions heraldic emblazonments, built in the days of Henry VII., when kings were ex pected to be present at the " low" or kneeling mass eveiy morning. Part of the panelling is removed from the front, and its antique window-sills are draped with mas sive folds of purple velvet, fringed richly and deeply with bullion lace. Tliis is for Her Majesty, and the floor of the pew has been heightened inside, so that the window-eilla reach no higher than about a foot from the floor, that Her Majesty might see and be seen, as she was throughout the ceremony. The moving out of heralds and others iu gorgeous official costumes, and the universal buzz of expectation, announce the rapid ap proach of the hour wheu the crowning act of the day is to be solemnized. People begin to arrive to take their places in the stalls. The first to enter is the MarchionesB of Ailesbnry, who takes her seat in a stall of a JCnight of the Garter. As if they had been waiting fer this example to be set, and for some one to break the stately solitude of the shrine, many ladies follow the Marchioness quickly— Lady Edward Seymour and Lady Be Ros, and the Countesses A. and M. Danneschjold and Viscountess Torrington. Mr. Frith seats him self next to the Countess of Caithness ; and the Countess of Derby, like the Marchioness of Ailesbnry, dressed in blue, seats herself near where the banner of her noble husband droops over his vacant stall. Then follow in rapid succession the Marchioness of Ely, Countess Cowley, Countessof Spencer, Viscountess Com bermere, Duchess of St. AlbanB, Marchioness of Westminster, Countess Gleiehen, Vis countess Joeelyn, Duchess of Atbole, Coun tess of Gainsborough, Countess of Maccles field, Countess of Desart, Marchioness of Carmarthen, Conntess Ducie, Lady Camoys, Countess of Bessborough," Viscountess Bury, and the wife of the Depnty-Chamberlain, Vis countess Castlerosse, whose superb toilette pro vokes admiration even in that assemblage of rank and wealth. All are in toll Court dress, with the exception that they wear no trains, and all, without exception, are dressed in velvet or satin, either of blue, mauve, or violet colour —the latter being the prevailing tone. All, too, wear feathers and diamonds in their hair, and some show tiaras of brilliants almost large enough to form head-dresses, so completely do the glittering jewels cover the head like a regal crown. The last of the peeresses to arrive is Lady Palmerston. She has been detained at the Railway Station, and has been enabled to reach the chapel in time only with the greatest diffi culty. Almost the first male visitor to pat in an appearance is Sir George Grey, who comes accompanied by Lady Grey. They take their places on the left, and are quickly followed by Lord and Lady Stanley of Alderley, Sir Charles and Lady Mary Wood, Mr. Milner Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. Cardwell, the Master of Trinity, the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mrs. Gladstone, Lady Alfred Paget, the Earl and Countess of Hardwicke, Lord Harris, the i Earl and Countess of Suffolk, the Duke of St. I Albans, the Duke of Athole, the Duke and Duchess of Argyll, Earl and CountesB De la Warr, Lady Proby, Lord Churchill, Sir G. C. Lewis, Hon. Mrs. W. Cowper, Lady A. Bruce, Mies Biddulph, Mrs. C. Grey, Mrs. Wellesley, the Duchess of Somerset, ana the Conntess of Shaftesbury. All the gentlemen are in toll official uniform, and wear the chief insiguia of whatever Orders they have the honour to possess, collars and badges in the fullest state. The Lord and Lady Mayoress are amongst the late arrivals. Mr. and Mrs. Disraeli are also late. The leader of the Oppo sition is in his Windsor uniform, and Mrs. Disraeli is radiant with diamonds. Now come the Knights of the Garter, ex citing a loud hum of admiration as they sweep up the choir like a procession of monarch?, with their long velvet mantles of imperial blue, looped at the shoulders with white riband, trailing after them, headed by the Premier himself. After all the Knights are seated, the Lord Chancellor, in his state robes, and carrying the Great Seal, passes in a slow and stately pace up the choir—alone, but a perfect pageant in himself—to his seat at the head of alb It is now a quarter to 12, and the Archbishop of Canterbury enters, followed by the Bishop of London, attending as Dean of the Chapels Royal; the Bishop of Oxford, 89 Chancellor of the Order of the Garter ; the Bishop of Win- , Chester, as its Prelate j the Bishop of Chester, as Clerk of the Closet; and the Dean of Wind sor, as Registrar of the Order of the Garter, with the canons and minor canons of the chapel. The suffragan bishops stand aside as the dais is reached, and make way for the Primate, who passes at once to the north of the altar, and, the dean, robed iu scarlet, with the canons take their places to the south, For a minute the prelates kneel in prayer, then rise and stand in line inside the rails* This is followed by a alight xnstle of silks and clinking of . jewelled orders as nearly the whole corps diplo- j matique come inand taketbeir places underneath J the royal pew—showing literally like a cluster J of gold and jewels that equals even the appear- j ance of the Knights of the Garter. And now ! there is a long and Bolemn pause, during which | even whispers are audible, and the rustle of the dresses comes with a noise as their fair wearers turn to survey the scene around. Suddenly there is just a perceptible move ment—a kind of consciousness that something tins occurred which tells at once that the Queen is either coming or has come, and all eyes are quietly directed towards the quaint old pew in the walL In another inBtant the Queen herself appears, accompanied by His Royal Highness the Dnke of Saxc-Coburg and Gotba, the brother of the late Prince, and, as we all know, so like him as to make the resemblance almost startling as he stands by the side of Her Majesty. The Queen wear s the simplest and plainest of widow s weeds—a widow's cap, a black bilk dress with white collar and cuffs, and black gloves. The only colours which appear npon her are the star of the Order of the Garter, and its blue riband narrowed to the width Her Majesty usually wears, across ber left shoulder. She looks well in'healtb, but thinner and older, with the permanent traces of deep grief and care stamped on every lineament of her She stands at the window of the royal pew, a little withdrawn from general gaze, and only to be seen at all by these on the opposite side of the choir glancing quietly into the interior, while the Duke cf Saxe-Coburg speaks, and apparently explains to her the arrangements going on below for the great ceremony which has drawn her forth from her mourn I ing and seclusion. After a few minutes ! she seats herself a little away from the window, and the Duke retires, the Hon. Mrs. H. Bruce, clad like the Queen, in. deep mourning, taking his place. It is 12 o'clock, and the noise of cheering cau be heard outside, and then a pause, broken after a few, minutes by the great rustle and peculiar hum which the great mass of visitors in the nave make on rising. The first of the three proces sions is at hand, but not one moves in the choir till the glittering file is seen, headed by heralds and great officers of State, coming rank in rank in stately order, filing oft' to the right and left as they enter the choir, till they reach the dais, which none but the most illustrious may ascend. Dbuleep Singli, with Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar, and the Prince of Leiningen, in his uniform as captain in the English navy, head the line of royal guests; but it is on the sister of the bride, the lovely Princess Dagmar of Denmark, followed by her royal mother, leading in each hand the Princess Thyra end Prince Waldemar, that all looks are centred as with stately step they slosvlv pass up the centre. All aB they reach the steps of the ! Haut Pas turn and make a deep and reverend obeisance to Her Majesty, which Her Majesty, rising and advancing to the front, graciously acknowledges. Of these royal personages, it may be re marked here that none attracted more notice rti«n the bride's mother, the Princess Christian, and her two young daughters, the Princesses Dagmar and Thyra, the younger being ap parently abont ten years of age. These Princesses are both remarkably handsome, and the elder bears a strong resemblance to her sister, the Princess Alexandra. It must, however, be confessed that their royal mother monopolized attention, and perhaps equally . excited surprise. The Princess Christian looks more like a sister of the bride than her mother. Her beauty, her courtly gait, and her superb and exquisite costume, riveted every eye. In point of mag nificence of apparel the Princess Christian was perhaps the most striking personage in the entire ceremonial. The body and train of her dress were composed of the richest violet coloured velvet; the skirt of white moire antique, elaborately worked_ with gold thread. Upon the bodice were diamond ornaments, and on the head a diamond tiara with white plumes, while across the breast stretched the scarlet and white ribbon of Denmark. As the long train, sweeping down the nave, was borne behind the Princess Christian, it was impos sible to help -feeling that a right royal and rarely lovely woman was there, independently of her bring an object of such strong interest as the mother of the bride. As soon as the royal guests had taken their places, Dhuleep Singh and the Prince of Leiningen occupying seats in front of the altar on the southern side, the procession of the royal family and the Queen's household ap peared. The Princess Mary of Cambridge, her magnificent train borne by Lady Edith Somerset, moves up the choir with the most stately grace. At the dais her attendant pauses, and she turns to gather her train over her arm, and, moving to the centre, makes a profound curtesy to Her Majesty, then passes at once to her place on the north of the altar, in front of and just beneath those treasures of ironwork, the gates of Quentin Mateys. As she passes in, the Duchess of Cambridge follows, with like state and ceremony, and then the Princess Beatrice, Princess Louise, and Princess Helena ascend in turn, followed by the Princes Arthur and Leopold, the latter in Highland dresses of the royal tartan. All bow and curtesy deeply to the Queen; and the Princess Helena, who wears a train, gathers hers on her arm like the rest, and seats herself sear the Duchess of Cambridge. The next is the Princess Alice, wearing a noble coronet of brilliants; then the Princess Boyal, looking as yoong, as amiable, and as timid as when, with slow steps, she herself was led to the altar at the Chapel Boyal, but this time leading by the hand a fine little hoy, who, all unawed by the stately pomp around, dragged^ on his mother's arm, as he looked behind him at the pageant, and with difficulty brought his little feet to surmount the three steps of the Haut Pas. All have risen as they eater, and the Queen now rises too, and bows to her daughter.with a kind and winning smile—the first that has passed across h ciiace since she entered the chapel. Her Majesty has evidently found an object which deeply interests her, and instead of seat ing herself again she remains at the closet window, watching her royal children as they pass one after another to lheir seats beneath, and even when they are seated she leans over the front and remains gazing down at them steadily with an expression of fond pride which is unmistakable, and in which no trace of grief can be discovered now. Again the kettle-drums and trumpets. This time all rise, except the Queen her self, and remain standing respectfully, for it is the bridegroom that approaches. He comes slowly up the choir, partly followed and partly accompanied by the Duke of Saxe Cob urg and the Prince of Prussia. The " Wedding March" is played as they advance, and the Queen rises and comes folly forward as the Haut Pas is reached, and the three ascend and turn in line towards her, bowing deeply. The Duke of Saxe-Coburg and the Prince of Prussia retire to the south side of the altar, and the bridegroom, after kneeling a few seconds in prayer, rises and stands " the rose and expectancy of tliis fair State," in the centre of the Haut Pas, alone, with Ms face towards the Queen. With the easy grace that seems natural to all his actions, he stood alone, the watched and observed of all observers, neither bashful nor confident, but with a manly royal bearing that became his 'illustrious birth and exalted station. He looked round upon the splendid sceiie for a moment quielly and easily; andhis every movement, his look, his very bearing, seemed in their vivid likeness to his royal father to impress and amaze all—even those who by their rank and station might be sup posed to be the most familiar with Ms features. As the sound of cheering was heard without, i marking the coming of his yonthful bride, he kept turning his head every moment j for from where he stood, in the centre of the altar, he could see through the screen and down the nave beyond to where the crimson curtains would hide the marshalling of the bride's pro cession. Often and often did he glance this way, but the curtains were motionless, and gave no sign of the coming forth of her whom all now watched for with eager expectation. At last with a great clangour of trumpets, which at first are muffled into a lich indis tinctness behind the curtains, the long looked for procession of the bride enters, and the Prince, eiving one. look to satisfy himself of the fact of the arrival, keeps his eyes fixed upon the Queen, and never turns his bead again till his affianced stands beside him. The Queen immediately rose, and, bending forward from her closet, stood prepared to receive and to welcome her future daughter. At this moment the sun broke; out in great brilliancy, and, shining down, into the chapel, fell directly upon the Queen's head and face, and seemed to illuminate the shadow recessed about the altar , —happy augury, let us hope, of the sunshine of the heart that will rest on the Princess and her home, The hush was now so deep and breathless that even the restless glitter of the jewels that twinkled everywhere seemed almost to break it, and, despite the stately etiquette which had hitherto regulated every word and gesture, all now bent far and eagerly forward as the hum and rustle in the naye bpyqnd showed the youug bride to be drawing near. In another minute she had entered, and stood the fairest and almost the youngest of all her lovely train that bloomed in fair array behind^ her. Though not agitated, she appeared nervous, and the soft, delicate bloom of colour which ordinarily imparts a look of joydus happiness to her expressive features bad all but disappeared as, with head bent down, but glancing her eyes occasionally from.aide, to side, she moved slowly up towards the altar. Seen, as she now appeared, her"golden brown hair contrasting with the wreath of orange blossoms and the rich veil depending from it, her deep eyes flashing from under its shadow, and her regular features as exquisitely formed as the ideal of a sculptor, it is no exaggeration to say that she fascinated the admiration of all who had the good fortune to behold her. Everybody is absorbed by this charming bride,. She aloueof all that magnificent assemblage is now watched with anxious and loving eyes. From the way in which her face is shaded by the veil, and her looks are bent forward as she advances, it is difficult to see her features more fully, hut as she nears the altar she drops her arm, and for the first time appears beneath the folds of her veil a large bouquet of orange flowers, carried in a princely gift from the Maharajah jDhuleep Singh. The bouquet was composed. of orange' blossoms, white rose buds, rare orcliideous flowers, and sprigs of myrtle, with a trimming of Honiton lace. The myrtle was sent from Osborne, and was taken from plants reared from the sprigs used in the bridal bouquet of the Princess Boyal. It is Her Majesty's desire to have myrtle plants kept in the gardens of Osborne reared from each of the bridal boaqhets of the Boyal Family. The dress of the bride is also an object of interest which we must interrupt the narrative for a moment to describe. It consists of a petticoat of white satin trimmed with chate lains of orange blossoms, myrtle, and bouffants of tulle with Honiton lace; the train of silver moire antique trimmed with bouffants of tulle, Honiton lace, and bouquets of orange blcBBom and myrtle; the body of the dress trimmed to correspond. The necklace, earrings, and brooch of pearls and diamonds, which were the gift of His Boyal Highness the Prince of Wales; riviare of diamonds, given by the Corporation I of London; opal and diamond bracelet, given by the Queen; diamond bracelet, given by the ladies of Leeds; and an opal and diamond bracelet, given by the ladies of Manchester. Her Boyal HighnesB's gor geous train of white and silver is borne by eight young ladies, between the ages of 15 and 20, the very choice and flower of the fair scions of our most ancient houBes. It is quite superfluous to say bow they looked, as robed in snowy white, and wrapped in veils, they followed their Toyal mistress with Bofc footsteps, though, as they were net going to be married, they seemed to think themselves relieved from the necessity oi looking on the ground, and glanced about and turned to one and'anotber, and made believe to look as if tbey did not know.and hear that they commanded almost their full tribute of admiration, even behind such a lady in such a scene as this. Their dresses were all of white—a wonderful mixture of ailk and lace that made them seem ethereal in their lightness, as partly wrapped in long veils they passed as noiselessly as a vision. Slowly the bride reaches the Haut Pas, aad as she stops to bow to the Queen some of her fair attendants, who are apparently even more nervous than herself, attempt to kneel, but, finding their mistake, rise quickly and move on as if they did notmean it. Then, and then only, does the Prince torn, as if to receive her, bnt checks himself as hie sees them all bowing to the Queen, and for the first and only time he seems irresolute sb to what to do. The long keen scrutiny seems to have dis turbed his composure at last, though only for a second, and the Anthem ceases, and all retire a little apart while the bride and bride groom are left standing in the middle of the Hant. Pas, the latter ' alone, the former, of course, closely surrounded by her at tendant bridesmaids, so closely, indeed, that in that gorgeouB mass of scarlet and purple and gold they were the only group on which the eye could turn with a reefing like rest from the surrounding glitter. Handel's march from " Joseph" .had been played at entering, bnt all music had ceaaed as the party stood around the altar, till its strains broke out with the Bolemn words from the chorale— "This day, with joyful heart and voice To Heav'n be raised a nation's prayT; Thy blessing to i So shall no clouds of sorrow dim The sunshine of their early days; But happiness in endless round Shall still encompass all their ways." The exquisitely soft music of this chant, at once solemn and sorrowful, was composed by the late Prince Consort. It may have been this, or the associations and lifelong memories called up by the scene beneath her; but certain it is that as the hymn commenced Her Majesty drew back from the window of the pew, and, after an effort to conceal her emotion, gave way to her tears and almost sobbed; nor did she throughout the rest of the ceremony entirely recover her composure. The bridal party saw nothing of this; the bride's face was turned from the pew, and the Queen wag withdrawn too much from the front for the Prince to Bee her, though bis looks were often turned in that direction. As the solemn chant ended, the prelates advanced to the communion rails, and the Primate, in a rich clear voice, which was beard throughout every part of the building, choir, and nave, commenced tbe service with the usual formu lary—" Dearly beloved, we ■ are gathered together here in the sight'of God in the face of this congregration to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony." There is a solemn paose after that dreadful adjuration in which they are charged to answer if there was any impediment to their marriage^ and then, after a moment, the Primate passed, on to ' Wilt thou, Albert Edward, have this-woman to thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony ? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honour, and keep her in sickness and in-health; and, for saking all other, keep thee only unto her, so ■ long as ye both shall live ?" - To this the Prince rather bowed thanare. sponded, his utterance was so indistinct. To the same question, i" Wilt thou, Alexandra Caroline Maria, have this man to thy wedded husband? " the reply was just audible, but nothing more, though, «b usual, every ear was strained to catch it. But to the words—" I take the3, Alexandre, to my wedded wife, to have and' to hold from this day forward, for better' for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness' and'in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to God's holy ordinance: and thereto I plight thee my troth "—the Prince repeated clearly word for word after His Grace, though now, again, when it was tbe turn of the young bride, she could be heard only to answer almost inaudibly, and her cheeks were suffused with a crimson flush, and she seemed very nervous. To the question, " Who giveth fins woman to be married to this man ?" the royal father of thebride only bowed and moved .towards the PrincesB, who waB removing her glove hur riedly. Then the Primate joined their hands, and in a clear soft voice, firmly and delibe rately repeated the words— -' " With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow ; in tbe name of the Pother, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen," All then knelt down while the prayer com. mencing "O Eternal God, Creator and Pre server of all mankind, Giver of all spiritual grace, the Author of everlasting life, send Thy blessing upon these Thy servants, this man and this woman, whom we bless, in Thy name," was solemnly repeated, and then they rose,, while the Primate joined their hands and said the final words, "Those whom God hath joined together let^nojman put asunder." With these words, which in law completed the marriage ceremony, the service was con tinued to the 67th Psalm, the solemn attains of which came like a relief to what teemed almost the overwrought feelings of all within the choir as the words went pealing softly through both nave and aisle. Then was continued the usual prayer and exhortation, during which the guns in the lpng walk were heard booming forth, and the steeples throughout the town seemed to f|ll the air with sound. Misled for a tqoment, the Queen's band began tuning their instruments, and even the organ gave one or two involuntary spirts and whistles, as if anxious to lead in the race of harmony. It was premature, however, and there was a gentle hush, which restored the former silence, when the Primate was heard concluding the exhortation. Then raising his voice,-he solemnly pronounced the benedic tion, during which the Queen, who had been most deeply affected, knelt and buried her free in her handkerchief. Tbe bride and bridegroom then joined hands, and, turning to the Queen, 'gave more a nod of kindly friendship than a bow of state, which the Queen returned in kind. In another minute the Queen, giving a similar greeting tq the Princess, quitted the closet, and the whole pageant went pouring in a gorgeous stream or flood of colours of waying plumes and flaming jewels out of the choir. None can tell but those who were present how grand and solemn was the whole ceremony, or with bow much deed hope and true devotion the marriage of the second Prince of Wales was celebrated id St. (George's Chapel, Windsor. As they left the choir the organ and the band went pealing forth the Halleluiah of Beethoven " Hallelujah to the Father And the Son of God, . Praise the Lord, ye everlasting choir, In holy songs of joy, Worlds unborn shall sing His glory. The exalted Son of God, Little remains to chronicle. ns soon as the august ceremony was over, ihe bride, having first received the salutation of the Lord Cham berlain, took the arm of her husband, and re turned down the choir, and beneath the organ •to the nave. Every head bowed, and invoked a blessing as they passed; and it was a brave sight to see the royal family, the foreign princes, and the princesses with their costly trains, sweep along the nave and follow her into that georgeous reception-room to offer her their congratulations. It is an interesting incident in the events of the day that the Queen, returning privately from the royal closet, waited at the grand entrance of the castIelifor the arrival of the Prince and Princess, and was the first person to receive and congratulate them, which she did with an expressiou of profound emotion. The illustrious company being now collected in the castle, the marriage was attested in due form in the Green Drawing-room and White Boom by the royal guests, the Church dig nitaries, the Lord Chancellor, and other Ministers of the Crown, and M. de Bille, the Danish Minister. The royal guests were then conducted to the dining-room, where a magnificent dejeuner was served. The wedding cake, which occupied the centre of the royal table, was divided into three compartments; the middle, of octangular form, contained a square altar in the centre, with a Cupid at each angle holding apiece of wedding cake. Towards the conclusion of tbedejeuner the Lord Steward proposed " Their Boyal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales." In 8t. George's Hall a similar entertainment was served to the diplomatic corps, the ladies in waiting, and to the very numerous com pany present at the ceremony of the mar riage, in the choir of the chapel, amounting to about 400 persons. Here another wedding cake, of enormous dimensions, was placed in tiie middle of the table. It weighed about 80 lbs., and farmed an octagon, covered with white sarin, each side displaying alternately medal lions of the Prince of Wales, the arms of Great Britaio, medallions of the Princess Alexandra, and armB of Denmark. The cornice was formed of large pearls. The cake was decorated with orange bloBsom and jasmine, and the top was surmounted by a vase filled with a jasmine bouquet. Immediately after the dejeuner., the Knights of the Garter, the Ministers of the Crown, the Archbishop and Bishops, and other guests left the castle. At 4 o'clock their Boyal Highnesses the Prince and Priucess of Wales took their de parture for her Majesty's marine residence, Osborne, Isle of Wight. Their Boyal High nesses were conducted down the grand stair case by the Lord Steward, the Lord Chamber lain, the Master of the Horse, the Groom of the Stole to his Boyal Highness, the Treasurer of the Household, the "Vice- Chamberlain, and the Comptroller of the Household. The members of the Danish royal family, and most of the royal visitors, followed the Prince and Princess to the grand entrance, where the Princess of Wales took leave of her parents and other relatives. Their Boyal Highnesses entered an open carriage and four, and, preceded by outriders in scarlet liveries, passed slowly round the quadrangle of the castle. Many of the ladies and gentlemen of the Queen's household were preaeut at the entrance to witness the departure of their Boyal Highnesses. A second open carriage and four conveyed the Countess of Morton, Lady in Waiting to the Princess, Lieut.-General Knollys, Comp troller to His Boyal Highness, and Mrs. Knollys, and Lieut.-Colonel Keppel, Equerry in Waiting. These were the only persons who attended the Prince and Princess on their journey to Osborne. The Prince and Princess of Wales passed under the George IV. gateway, and proceeded to the Windsor Station of the Great Western Bail way. We have already described the dress of the bride; and this is, perhaps, the proper place to refer to the'dresses of the Princesses and the bridesmaids. The Princess Mary of Cambridge wore a train of lilac silver moire, trimmed with white Honiton lace. Petticoat of white satin, with Honiton lace tunic and bands of lilac velvet. Diadem of diamonds. Stomacher, necklace, and earrings of diamonds. Head-dress, white feathers and tulle veil. The Duchess of Cambridge wore a violet velvet train trimmed with ermine. Petticoat ol violet satin trimmed with black lace covered with a tunic of Honiton lace, a tiara of pearls and diamonds; necklace and stomacher to \- match. The Princess Helena wore a train of white silk, with bouquets of the rose, shamrock, and J ' thistle, lied with silver cord, manufactured by Lewis & Allenby, -trimmed with tulle, and bouquets of lilacs, white and lilac. Petticoat of white tulle over white glace, striped with ribbons of rose, shamrock, and thistle; beuquet of lilac. Headdress, wreath of lilacs, white . feathers, and blonde lappets; diamond orna ments. Princess Louise and Princess Beatrice, dress of white tulle over white glace, striped with ribbons of rose, sbamrock, and thistle, tied \- with silver cord; trimmed with bouquets of lilacs. Headdress, wreaths of lilacs (white and IQac); pearl ornaments. Her Imperial Highness the Duchess of Brabant wore a train of blue moire antique embroidered with gold. The wreaths of the bridesmaids were formed of blush roses, shamrocks, and white heather, with long veils of tulle falling from the back of the wreath. The dresses of white tulle over white glace were trimmed to correspond. As it was understood that the royal pair would set out on their journey to Osborne im mediately after the dtjeuner, the multitudes \- outside collected in dense masses to catch a last glimpse of them. At last the Prince and Princess of Wales appeared in an open carriage drawn by four white horses, and preceded by outriders similarly mounted. This was the signal for, perhaps, the loudest burst of cheer ing which had been heard throughout the day; and when the South Western Bail way was reached, and the Prince and PrincesB showed themselves at the window of the saloon carriage, the enthusiasm became almost frantic. In a moment more the train had disappeared, and, so far as regarded Windsor, the ceremony was . at an end. At Beading, the first station at which the train stopped, the utmost excitement prevailed. The station was tasteftilly decorated, and a vast : concourse of people had collected. There were 5 000 children drawn up along the line of rails. The Mayor presented qn qddreBs, and Lady Emma Cust, the wife of the vicar of fit. Mary's, a splendid bouquet on behalf of the ladies of Beading ; while an old woman of 70 presented another on behalf of the poor. At Basingstoke 1 another address was presented in the presence 1 of about 4,000 spectators. But the grand display was at Southampton. Never in the histoiy of the town has such a , festival been celebrated. within its boundaries. Triumphal arches were thrown up on the railway and dock premises, and the whole locality was literally buried in banting and ever greens. The large mail steamships, gaily fifeggpd out ia colours, with their yards xnanped, werc formed, in doable line, and _ PFPWded with company. Every inch of standing room was swarming with people. Zt would be totally vain to attempt any esti mate of the many thousands gathered together. A buret of cheering at the entrance of the docks heralded the approach of the royai . carriages, which advanced to the embarkation jtage slowly, amid the most enthusiastic filtering, and in a few minutes the platform W43 reached TJppn" leafipg the parriage, their Boyal Jfigkneases received addresses frqrp tlje pock tlpippepy, the Mayor of the borough, and the Corporation, &U; Of which the Erince acknow ledged in a few words. The Princess next received from the hands of the Mayoress a large bouquet, and then their Boyal High nesses descended to the deck ot the hairy, where they atopd for some minutes, bowing their acknowledgments to the assembled thousands, whose cheers rent the air, while the hanfls played the National Anthem, and salutes ' were being fired from the Platform Battery and ships in the river. Great credit is due to Southampton for the efforts made to give eclat to the occasion. J?ropi early mora the town had been en fete, ■ the festivities embracing civic, social, and Sun day-school pro cessions ; the distribution of fa read, beef, and beer to several thousands of poor families; the presentation of medals aud ribands to some 6,000 or 7,000 Sunday-school children ; the firing of royal salutes, peals of church bells, and martial music everywhere. fj?w.o gaks were planted in the Andrews Park Jjy the Mayor, and named the Albert Edward ■ pnd Alexandra paks? in honour of the great pyent of the day. large ox was roasted 'whole and distributed tq "the people et mid day. The streets were handsomely decorated, and at night presented one blaze of light from ! the illuminations, The various steeples of tbe churches were lighted up with coloured fires, and later in the evening a grand torch i light procession left the platform, and marched I to the common, where a monster bonfire was lighted. Two balls closed the festivities, which } embraced many features beyond those we hare detailed. Their Royal Highnesses reached Cowcs at 10 minutes past 7, when an address was pre sented from the Mayor and Corporation of Hyde. The royal carnages were in waiting at the Trinity-house landiug-place, and in a few minutes the Prince and PrincesB were driven to Osborne. Darkness had fallen upon the landscape when the royal couple entered the grounds o Osborne. The day had been one of extra I ordinary excitement and fatigue; and a grale [ ful feeling of repose may be presumed to hare succeeded to the flutter of publicity, as tho sounds of tbe cheering died away in the dis tance, and were replaced by the perfect tran quillity and stillness of the retirement which they were sow to enjoy for a few days. But not the less gratifying, we may venture to believe, was the impression which the loyalty and devotion of the people had made upon their hearts. May it be productive of solid happiness to them and to us in the future I 