THE THEATRES. THEATRE ROYAL. Hamlet was ropeatod last night to a well filled houeo, considering tho inolomonf « IT Tho part of tho King, whiih in f little more than read, and whioh. bv n .IU!7, misapprehension m the minds of ietorsleno rally, i regarded as incapable of much eK is in this instance mora than cotmnnni- ., well sustained by Mr Ireland, who has m"- fe.tly applied himself to tho task of dovofen-'"' i's possibilities with that csroful, otcady end.!5 vour whioh wo have long remarked to hi d!" distinguishing quality of this gentlon, An interest, therefore, attaches to the character whioh it very seldom possesses, and tho incroZl opportunity which this elaboration of it Sd to the leading role, to demonstrate more tively its own special points, h rent; for there is nolliing so cortain that individual oxoellonooin aoting, contribute more or lees to general completoaess. so tw good King can hardly f.il to help out tl,B i portnmties ef a good Hamlot. As far as r ternals wont moreover, Mr Ireland merits im exceptionable commendation. His j" . was oininently regal, and his costume was'th? very reverse of that intensely seedy which in most instances oppcars to constituto the inevitable mnke-np of tbo usurping Kim, Mr Ireland evidently doe. not oreret t& obligation ,of fulfilling _ literally the description given by Hamlet of his uncle, as a "thine of shreds nnd patches." His general manage- raont of tho charootor in lino con hardly fail to udrance vory considerably his growing romw tntion. r- ROYAL HAYMARKET. MR. AND MRS CHARLES KEAN'q ; PERFORMANCES. By most of his English oritics Mr Kesn'a impersonation of Hamlet is rankod among his best. This verdict we do not intend to dispute after our experience of lost night, when this noblest of tragedies was represented at this theatre. Mr Kcan'a rendering of tho character of the princely Dane in cvory essen tial but one which timo lias deprived the notcr _ or, satisfied our own estiraato. The towering intellect occasionally overstrained almost to paralysis by the pressure whioh the preternatural incidents ia whioh lie ia involved first induoes, and which is continued by the torrible nature of tbo mission ho has aoceptod dominates ovor ovory other oharaoteriitia 'oaturo ia tho Hamlet of this great artist. Hij impulsive and vaoillsting conduct we recognise no the illegitimate offspring of a mind originally of tho finest organisation, but tho cxaot balance of whioh is disturbed by tho sudden revola'.ion in an awful manner of events whioh necessitate on his part a course of action whioh tho docility of. his nalu 0 roooils from. Weak and oriminai as ha shows himself, by his trcatmont of Ophelia, Hamlet is still, with the exception of his viotim and Horatio, the boat character in the trsgedy and as presented by Mr Kean, nevor forfeits the sympathy of tho audience, Tho first scene in which Mr Kean made an extraordinary im- preasion, was that in whioh tho Prinoo encoun ters tho Ghost. Hore, tho appeal to ths Spirit — "I'll call thee Hamlot, King," otc,— was pronouncod in a kneeling posture, and in tones freighted with tho very essonco of living 00m- p»Bsion and filial tenderness. His attitude, when temporarily restrained by Horatio and tho others from following the Buporaatural visitor, was grandly picturesque, and tho speo- tatora were huBhed in admiration when, aa if under tho influence of on uncontrollable im pulse, ho tore himself passionatoly away, and with sword pointod at his friends— an original dovico of Edmund Kean— ho responded to the ghostly invitation. In tlio following scone a very novel and fine eileot was produced by tho absorption as it were of the Ghost in the gloom which porvadod tho stage. The figure could not at first be distinguished, while Hamlet's presented in a kind of neutral, medium stood cut iu bold reliuf. Tho whole of this sceno, and particularly ita conclusion, was splendidly played, Mr Younge pronouncing the superb scnte.nccB which tho Ghost utters with that solemn sonorousness befitting tlie awful nature of the boing ho represented. Tho frankness of Hamlet's natural disposition was beautifully diapluyed in the meeting with Rosenorantx and Guildenstern, while a finer exposition of scholarly oloquenoe, oombined with artistic skill, than that which was elicited by tho famous ' advice to the players, has seldom keen heard. Applause from all parts of the house followed its delivery. The soliloquy whioh immediately follows, " Oh, what a roguo, eto.," was to our mind tho best of Mr Kean's efforts in this portion of tho play, this piece of self-inveotiro being given withafisreo and passionato earnest ness as though tlie oonscienae of Hamlet was in deadly strife with his volition, and the contempt of a noble mind for the moral cowardice of its owner could only bo declared ia tho bitterest of language. The play soene was tho occasion of another msgnificent demonstration of tho actor's art. In the next, Hamlet's reproachos to bis mother were invested with tho atomuess of duty which never degenerated into the semblance of unmanly brutality, or an unfilial harshness. He is " cruel oaly to be kind." He abhors her abnormal taste, and is outraged by her fetal frailty; bat be knows her to be innocent of any participation in, or knowledge of his fathers murder; and, although his respect is weakoned, his effectioa remains mtaot. The entrance of the Ghost ia this scere 'called forib some vory beautiful etfeofa in attitude and gesture from Mr and Mrs K an. Hamlet's awe here is at its culmi nation, and that bis mind is never absolutely overturned is indisputably proved by bis con duct under Buch fearful oonditions. Tbe soliloquy on death leas impressed us than ws imagined would bo tbe case : there appeared to us a deficiency on tbo side of dignity, attributable to physical shor' earnings. Tbo aoone with tho Gravediggers, tbe aubsiquent struggle with Laertes, and tbe final oalas trophc, wero oaoh closo neighbours to perfec tion, so far as Mr Koan's efforts wero cen- cerned. S. 0 1 fencing as that betwosn him and Mr Oathcart, the Laertes, has nevor been Been on the colonial stage before. Mrs Kesas Gertrado was a perfect photograph of that not very grateful character. Hor immense talent, however waa continually disolosod, particu larly in her bye-play which woe aa oxpressira and explanatory almost as language itsela Thus when Folanius is giving his verbose explanation of what' he 0 insiders the oaueaof Hamlet's supposed mental distraotioni she walks away as if it wore impossible to . control ."her . impatience" Qer doli- vory of the beautiful lines deacriptiW of the manner of Ophelia's death, oxhibitod at acute sense of tbo pathos of tihakspero's lovely poetry. Miss Chapman was an ongaging representative of tho hapless maidon, and the mad soene was played to tho spirit of genuine art. Mr Coppio'a Folonius waa hardly MDI® enough in voice. Messrs Oathcart and Everett t fulfilled ali the chief requirements in the parts of Liertes and H iratio, but we o'nfess to , . missing much of tbe humour of Mr Stewart grave digger. The tragedy will ba repeated 1 011 Thursday. The play to night is tbo ' Mer chant of Teniae." Nbw Australian Shim.— On . Thursday, Messrs Bainos and Co, the owners and founus of tho celebrated " Black Ball" lioo tralian clipper picket 8hips, gavo a magnmoe entertainment' on board the iron auxiW J. screw steamer Great Viotoria, the last audit' to their fleet, now lying at Liverpool, and verliaod to Bail for Melbourne on the Bin B P "tcmbcr. Mr. Bainea, in replying to the t of " Success to the Groat Viotoria, though his firm had oarriod nearly lW.uw passongerB to nnd from the antipodes, they not lost a aingle passenger by marino caBUOi 1 and luBt year, out of the 10,600 omigra Australia sailing from tho four priuoipe JP of I.LA TTniipiI TTinrdom. his firm booaou up . wards of 9000 of them.- -Daily Aewr. 