THE WEEK'S NEWS. The Weather.—The weather during the last i few days lias beeu unusually changeable. On Wednesday evening a strong wind from the west ward brought with it immense clouds of dust, which was followed by a smart shower of rain. Later in the evening the sky was clear and unclouded, and there was every appearance of a continued calm. On Thursday morning the wind blew violently from the northward, and, 3S on the previous evening; clouds o- dust swept along the streets to the annoyance of the citizens. About midday the dust-storm again abated, and some slight showers fell in the afternoon. We have been politely favoured by Mr. Todd, Superin tendent of Telegraphs, with some tables and reports of meteorological observations made throughout tlie colony, and in Victoria and New South Wales. The following were the readings of the barometer, and the direction of the wind, taken at the Adelaide Observatory, 3S shown by Mr. Todd's tables :— filches. Direction. Oct. £2—9.0 a.m. ... 29"4 3 ... N. by E. " 1140 p.m. ... 29*274 ... N.N.W. 1.15 p.m. ... 29-254 ... N.W. 2.0 p.m. ... 2T222 ... N.W. ; At this time the barometer had sunk to its lowest ! point during the day, and there were indications of a severe storm. At the Port the wind was blowing liar J from the westward. At 2h. 20m. tiie barometer rose to 29-203, and at 41i. 40m. it attained to 29 4J7. At 3 o'clock Mr. Todd received a tele gram from Mr. J. 11. Ellery. of the Melbourne Observatory, as follows —"Barometer, 29707; wind, N., light; slight rain; sultry- Looks very thrca'tening to W.S.W. No lightning. At Mount Gamlher there was a thunderstorm at 4h. 40m. It also appears from Mr. Todd's tables that the height of the barometer at 9 o'clock a.in. was generally greater to the eastward than in Adelaide. Thus at Mount Gambier it was 29*435; at Guichen Bay, 29*549; at Portland, 29*750; atCapeOtway, 29*435; at Qucensclili'e, 29*SOO; and at Sydney, 29*945- The thermometer at the same hour varied at thesc-vcral Telegraph Stations within the colony from (i*2' at Strathalbyn to SO" at Kapunda. In Adelaide, the reading was 79' 5'; at Portland, 70°; at Cape Otway, 05'; and at Sydney, 01°. The Loan Bill.—It is clear tint the Ministry may do anything they please, for the Treasurer bears a charmed life. Nothing can sink the boat which carries "Caesar and hi, fortune." The Assembly on Thursday allowed the Loan Bill to be altered back again iuto a temporary measure—a loan for 12 mouths, and no more. This, we sup pose, is the last change; hut who can tell? The House arc under the spell of the Treasurer, and aic obliged to listen to his rhymes whether they would or not— " I fear tliee, ancient mariner; 1 fear thy res!less hand! And thou art ever up and down. As is the ribbed sea-sand." Distribution op Prizes.—The distribution of the rifle prizes took place on Saturday morning. The weather, which was wet in the early part of the flay, prevented a large attendance. His Excel lency the Governor, in the absence of Lady Daly, presented the prizes to the winners or their depu ties. The First Adelaide Rifle Band was not in attendance, and in consequence of this and of the comparatively small muster, the proceedings were not so interesting as on some previous occasions. The Soldiers' "Wives.—The destitute circum stances in which the wives and families of the soldiers of the 40th Regiment lately stationed in Adelaide have been left by their husbands, who have been ordered to the New Zealand war, has awakened something more than sympathy in the minds of some of our more fortunate fellow colonists. We refer to the efforts now being made by a Committee of gentlemen to arrange for a musical entertainment in their behalf. Mr. Ed wards and, *we believe, some other amateur musicians, iiave kindly offered their gratuitous services. We are informed that the Committee, on applying to Miss Gougenheim soliciting her professional assistance, received from that lady a prompt reply, stating that she would be most happy to comply with the request, and in the event of her being unable to do so she would con tribute ten guineas to the fund. His Excellency andauumberof influential gentlemen bavelikewise given their names as patrons, so that it may con fidently be hoped that the entertainment will be as successful as the object for which it is to he given is benevolent. The Horticultural and Flobicultural Society's Show.—The Horticultural and Flori cultural Society held their fourth Show for 1663 at White's Assembly Rooms on Thursday, Oc tober 22. There was afine show of roses; indeed, the several varieties of this flower formed the . chief feature in the exhibition. There were, however, other handsome flowers shown, and a number of articles not intended for competition were sent. There were only a few fruits and vege tables exhibited, but in quality they were ex cellent. * Separation'.—Our telegram from Port Ellio contains startling news. The blood of the Southerns is up to boiling point. The monster meeting, consisting of no less than 300 persons, have pledged themselves to separate from this colony and join the Riverine District, unless the jetty be extended to Granite Island immediately. We hone the Government will be prepared to meet tins terribly emergency. Conspirators are abroad ; treason ami rebellion are threatened; and a force of not less than one policeman ought at once to be dispatched to the wavering district to keep down llie rising secessionists. It might be well to send down one of the members for the district to trv to win the people over to a better spirit. Let Mr. Sutherland start immediately, with full power to promise everything on behalf of the Government, in order to prevent such a distressing , calamity as the separation of Port -Elliot from South Australia. Central Road Board.—There was a full meeting of the Central Road Board on Tuesday, October 20. The long-pending question relative to the direction of the Bull's Creek-road to the Goolwawas decided in favour of the agitators for the line west of Mount Observation. It was also determined to carry the Soutli-Eastern-road to the east of, and not through, the township of Strath albyn. Thirty-four applications were received for the vacant clerkship in the Board Office, and the appointment was conferred on Mr. G. P. Bayly. Various other matters were considered, and the meeting did not conclude until a quarter before i Town Hall Bonds.—At the meeting of the City Council on Monday tenders for Town Hall Bonds, amounting to £6,500, at premiums varying from 10s. to 41s. 6<1, and for bonds bearing dates extending over periods of from 10 to 35 years were opened. The total amount being £1,700 in excess of the sum required, only two of the three tenders sent in were accepted. That Wretched Stucco.—Mr. Bakewell very properly drew the attention of the Assembly on Tuesday to the large item for "painting'' which now appeared annually on the Estimates—an outlay which in the long run will make our " wretched stucco buildings" more expensive than if they liad been built of marble brought from Italy. Vet whilst this is done there is in the colouy an abundance of building stone of the finest quality. Port Augusta Waterworks.—We are. in formed that the barque Joan. Cunfllo, having on board about 590 tons of pipes and machinery for the abovenamed. works, has arrived from London, We understand that the remaining portion of the pipes, &c.;, has been shipped on hoard the Harwich, which vessel was expected to leave London about the end of August last. ! The Fine Arts.—A superb bust of Her Royal Highness the -Princess of Wales, sculptured in Parian marble by Mr. F. M. Melier, was exhibited at the Exchange on Thursday. The statuette is the property of Mr. Acraman, of the firm of Messrs. Acraman. Main, Lindsay, & Co., and bears the name of the Crystal Palace Art Union. It conveys a much better idea of the personal attrac tions of Her Royal Highness than could be em bodied in any wort of photographic art, and is well worth seeing. Firf.near Reyxella.—A correspondent favours us with the following:—"About 1 o'clock this morning a fire was discovered on the premises of Mr. Richard Lambert, near Reynella; it is sup posed to have been occasioned toy the lightning. A large shed covered with straw was destroyed; but very fortunately, although very close to build ings in which were several machines and other property, tire fire was confined to the shed. Several of the surrounding inhabitants were quickly on the spot. Mr. Lambert is an old resident, and very generally respected." Adelaide Mining Company.—A general meet' ing of tlie shareholders in the Adelaide Mining Company was held at tlie Norfolk Arms, Bundle street, on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. T. Futchcr pre sided, and about twenty gentlemen were present. Mr. Price, who had been deputed to examine the five sections adjoining the mine, recommended the purchase of that lying to the north. It con tained two good-looking lodes on the surface, a.nd was much better than any of the others, on which he saw nothing promising. After some discussion the meeting resolved to obtain an assignment of tlie lease with right of purchase of the Ave sec tions from the present lessee, Air. Gummell, and it was left to the Directors to make the best arrangements possible to that end. Captain Terrell having resigned his office, it was resolved to pay liim for the whole of his three months' engagement, five weeks of which had expired, and at once to appoint a fresh captain, the selection to be left with tlie Directors. Mr. Hooper, a miner of reputed experience in Cornwall, who had re cently arrived from England, at the request of the Chairman stated that he had inspected the mine, and had never seen any equal to it in England. In eight hours he felt sure he could himself raise sufficient ore to pay every expense incurred in the mine up to the present time, except the purchase money. Messrs. Wadhatn, T. Futcher, O. Rankin, Sagar, and Counsell were appointed Directors for the ensuing half-year, and a call of £1 Ills, per share, which it was said would carry on the Company three months, was resolved upon. A letter was read from Air. E. R. Mitford, offering^ to work the gold vein, and giving it as Iris opinion that it could he done with profit. The meeting then closed. BUSHBANGCNG IN NEW SOUTH WALES.—'The bushrangers of Jiev South W?les appear to be no less conspicuous for their deternined valour than for tlte combined effrontery and adroitness tliey display in carrying out their nefarious exploits. They enter townships apparently without disguise, and commit outrages with the most cool and bare faced audacity, almost in sight of the inhabitants and the police, and yet enjoy au immunity from danger which is truly astonishing. The liaiharsl Times of a recent date publishes the account of a visit paid to that township on a Saturday evening hy five members of the fraternity on horseback— one of whom (Gilbert) was distinctly identified, the others being, as is supposed, O'Meally, Ben Hall, Burk, and Vane. On reaching the city Vaue appears to have been stationed in the right-of-way between the Church of Euglaud school and the Telegraph Office, while his comrades rode on to the shop of Mr. Pedrotta, where firearms were ex posed for sale. Gilbert and another went in and enquired of the proprietor whether he had any re volving rifles or double trigger revolvers. Be ceivingan answer in the negative, they leftaud entered the shop of Mr. McMinn. The family, who were seated around the tea- table, were natu rally startled at the intrusion, and Miss McMinn, notwithstanding the threats of the two ruffians who menaced her with their revolvers, screamed with fright. Disconcerted at the outcry, they heat a retreat, failing to secure any plunder, and having regained their saddles they galloped off. An alarm had by this time been communicated to the neigh bours, and within a quarter of au hour a body of troopers were in pursuit. The four bushrangers, after being joined by their companion Vaue, rode leisurely down George-street, and, turning off to Piper-street, entered the rear of Air. De Clouet's public-liouse. Leaving one of their number to take care of their horses, the other four entered the stable-yard, where they found a horse- trainer, named William Bromley, and the ostler, named Mark. They demanded from the latter the key of the stable, but on Ills assurance that it was in the custody of his master, Gilbert and another (supposed to be Ben Hall) entered the parlour and extorted from Mr. De Clouet and a lodger residing j iu the house a sum of £3 and a watch. Hall; then accosted Airs. De Clouet, and insisted j her delivering up the "cash-box" to him. She demurred at first, being ignorant j of the "quality" of her visitor; hut on learn ing who he was she delivered it into his hands. Deliberately he counted over the money which it contained, and iu doing so dropped half a I sovereign, which he experienced some difficulty in recovering; but he persisted in the search until it was obtained, remarking that he "couldn't leave that behind." Meanwhile Gilbert, who, it appears, had previously been in De Clouet's employ as a jockey, entered into conversation with his old master, and insisted on his producing the keys of the stable, as they had come expressly for the racehorce Pasha, and must have him. The inn keeper expostulated, representing that the animal named was only a colt and tinsuitcd to his pur p»se, and subsequently stated that the keys were kept by the ostier. Giibert then proceeded to ran sack the till, hut finding only silver shook his head, remarking that they only dealt in gold, and at the same tune offered De Clouet two shillings, which he took out of his own pocket. Further parley ensued respecting the racehorse Pasha, and Gilbert then rejoined his comrades. The ostler was again interrogated, but persevered in denying that he had the keys of the stable, although Hall threatened to shoot him unless he produced them, "and casually remarked that the police had just gone by, whereupon one of the bushrangers observed, with the greatest apparent unconcern, " Two of us are enough for four of them any day." Shortly afterwards the party left the premises without making any further attempt to gain possession of the horse, having been there for about 20 minutes. The uight, it appears, was very dark, and the troopers sent out to follow the freebooters, per plexed to know what road they had taken, had made a halt at the head of George-street. While deliberating there they descried the desperadoes approaching, but the latter appeared to be also on the alert, for they immediately turned their horses and galloped off. The troopers followed, and one or two shots were exchanged, but without any seeming practical result, and the bushrangers finally escaped. Bushranging in YiciORiA-y-Tlie following particulars of a desperate affray between two bushrangers and a person named Harmon, tollbar-keeper on the .Raglan-road, near Bal larat, we gather from the Star:—On approaching the tollbar it appears that the two bushrangers dismounted and secured their horses to the fence. One of them then called out "gate," but on the keeper answering the summons the ruffian pre. sentcd a revolver at him and demanded his money. Harman, instead of complying with, the request, struck the robber on the face, and through the violence of the blow divested him of his mask. Before he could regain the tollhouse, however, he was assailed by the other bushranger, and an en counter ensued, in course of which he was fright fully maltreated. Eventually he retreated into the house followed by his assailants. There the struggle was renewed, and the rascals having succeeded in getting the toll-collector down manacled him with a pair of horse hobbles or "leg bolts." They then extracted from bis pocket a sum of £3, and pro ceeded to ransack the place. Over a purse of money belonging to the Board Harman placed a box, and having blown out the light he succeeded by this manoeuvre in concealing it from the robbers. The latter, having secured two guns and a watch, left- the house, and locking tbe door mounted their horses and rode into the township. Harman hearing some persons go by gave the alarm, and information being given to the police the poor man was removed to the house of Dr. Nicholson, where he lay in a very precarious state, having received four injuries on the back of his head, and one of an aggravated character on the front of the head, the bone being denuded. The jaw was severely injured, if not dislocated, and several teeth knocked out. His medical attendant states that after he was locked in lie managed to file asunder the chain connecting the hobbles on his ancles, and then with bare feet and head managed to crawl down Sturt-street to give information to the police and obtain medical assistance. A reward of £59 was offered by the Road Board for the apprehension of the perpetrators of the above brutal outrage, and arrangements were made by tliem for the comfort of the intrepid collector who had been the victim of it. Visit op the Methodist Conference to the Atlas Works.—We learn from the Watchman and Wesleyan Advertiser that a large number of tlie members attending tbe recent Methodist Con ference visited the Atlas Works iu Sheffield, and examined with attention the various processes employed in the fabrication of machinery. The great extent of the establishment and the variety and remarkable development of the works excited the liveliest interest. The Mayor of Sheffield, who had issued the invitations, had given direc tions which ensured an interesting variety in the processes brought under the notice of the visitors. They were shown the modes of rolling and "sawing" rail way bars, the Bessemer process, hammering "blooms" for railway bars and axles, and lastly the rolling of armour-plates, and were gratified by seeing a plate 40 feet by 3 feet and 9 inches thick passed through the rollers. The laborious and trying operation was conducted with remarkable success, and happily none of the visitors suffered from tlie indulgence of an extreme curiosity which led some to approach too closely to the machinery. After the last plate had been rolled, a platform was erected in the mill, and was occupied hy the Alayor and Mrs. Brown, the President and ex- President of the Conference, and several of the senior ministers. Some, hundreds of the workmen assembled" in front of the platform, and their eager and respectful attention indicated the interest they felt in the proceedings. Tlie din of the surrounding machinery, the shrieking of the escape-valves of the numerous engines, i and the occasional prolonged whistle of a passing train, considerably interfered with the comfort of the speakers; but they evidently thought that the "accessories" were "quite in i keeping" with the situation, and they therefore I made the best of the circumstance. Addresses were delivered by the Mayor, the President (Dr. George Oshorn), and ex-President (Rev. O. Brest), after which the Mayor informed tlie assembled ministers of the efforts wliicli his workmen had made for the relief of the distress in Lancashire (their contributions reaching nearly £1,009), their subscriptions to local charities, and their support of the benefit societies amongst themselves. He said he mentioned these things for the honour of Ills workmen and the credit of the town. Cheers were then given for the Queen, the President and ex-President of the Conference, and the assembly dispersed. A Western Australian on Transporta tion.—The Melbourne Argas says:—"Apropos of the anti-transportation agitation, the following passage, extracted hy us from a letter just received iu Melbourne from a gentleman residing in Fre mantle, Western Australia, is of interest. He writes—' We have been for some months past in great suspense from the uncertainty of the con tinuance of transportation. The report of the Commission, however, by last mail has somewhat revived our spirits, although we shall feel far from safe until the proposal of the Commissioners for an exteuded system of transportation to this colony be sanctioned by Parliament, as it is feared our cousins in the other colonies will raise a hur ricane of virtuous indignation that may influence the decision. Small blame to them, for there is no doubt but tlie more clever and dangerous rogues will make their way to them on the first opportunity. Almost all of .tlie "genteel" class have already gone, and you will have Mr. Redpath as soon as he gets his conditional pardon. Robson is a bioken-down old scamp, and will never liave the means of leaving, hut the other is quite a different character.' So much from a Western Australian would have somewhat troubled Messrs. R. D. Mangles and H. B. GreUet to explain Education Board.—A meeting of the Board of Education was held on Monday. There were three I members present. A considerable amount _ of business was transacted, and Mr. Hardy's motion relative to the erection of a training school in Adelaide was adjourned till next meeting. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean.—The Argus \ of the 12th, in noticing the first appearance of ] these eminent performers before a Melbourne : audience, reviews the connection of the name of ' Kean" with the latter history of the British Drama, and lauds the enterprise of Mr. C >ppiu, by wliicli the appearance of Mr. and Mrs. Kean was secured in Australia. The play was£ The Game ster,1'and the critic of the Argus says:—"The ;loom, despair, and remorse of Mr. Kean as the ruined gambler are true, though the character, may be false or exaggerated. The emotions uatura to the situation are as finely conceived as they are happily rendered. The'part is one which, though not the greatest of Mr. Keau's perforfnauccs, brings out strongly some of his chief excellences - his freedom from the conventional exaggerations, his superiority to the commonplace stage devices, and, lastly, his pathos, his intensity, aud his self command. In spite of the defects of person and of voice—defects which time has not rendered less prominent—Mr. Kean succeeded in establishing all his old power over his audience; and in giving us a performance such as, taken as a whole, has never been equalled on an Australian stage. To Mrs. Kean the only tribute we can pay would be but stale homage to a lady who holds an unique place iti the affections of every true lover of the drama. Great as is the fame of "her husband in every land where the English language is spoken, -by many she will be esteemed as perhaps the better actor and the liner artist of the two. Thirty years have not dimmed the lustre of a genius which has made the name of Ellen Tree a classic to this generation. And if time has robbed her of some of those attri liutes which have secured her a foremost place among the English actresses or the day, it has but served to mature and perfect those higher powers liy which her greatest triumphs have been won. It is with something deeper and warmer than a critical welcome that Mrs. Kean has been received by the Australian public, among whom are few who have not been moved and delighted by her acting in days gone by. The same purity of style, the same truth and simplicity, the same exquisite ease and finish which we have remembered of the Mrs. Keau a dozen years, are hers to-da7 without loss or abatement. For a perfect model of stage deportment alone, if for nothing else, she may be commended to our colonial actresses." Thomas Oaldecoti Chubb—The Sydney Morn ing Herald of October 3 contains a report of the trial of Thomas Caldecolt Chubb, extending over, five closely- printed columns. The indictment against him was for forging or altering and utter ing an order for the payment of money, to wjt a cheque for £445 10s., with intent to defraud. The charge was substantially this—that the de fendant had appropriated to his own use a cheque for £445 ids. drawn by Mr. Mullens, sharebroker, on the 8th of April last, in payment for shares sold for Mr. James Byrnes; that having altered the date of tins to the 8th of July, lie had paid it, with other funds, to his account in the Loudon Chartered Bank, and had drawn out £50110s., of which £3U0 was in English gold and £200 in colonial half-sovereigns; and that he attempted to abscsnd early next day with this money before the altered cheque could be presented at the bank upon which it was drawn. The trial com menced on Thursday, October 1, and occupied the greater part of two days. Great interest was excited by it, and the Court was crowded throughout by an eager audience. The J my, after being absent for 50 minutes, found the prisoner guilty of uttering the cheque, knowing it to have been forged. Before judgment was pronounced the prisoner stated that he had all along con sidered himself a partner in the firm of Byrnes and Co. That he had acted as such, and repre. sented himself in that capacity to the Banks and to the gentleman who bad been examined as a witness in tbe present case. If the postponement which he had applied f orhadbeen granted he shculd have been in a position to show these things. He did not mean to accuse either Mr. James Byrnes or Sir. William Byrnes of having done anything wrong, but he had done things for them which he considered necessary for their interest, and which, or some of which, they might not have known; hut which, nevertheless, rendered it desirable that he should leave the. country; and this he could have proved if he had been permitted to do so. His Honor remarked that, in the face of prisoner's admission that the Messrs. Byrnes had done nothing wrong, the instructions as to them which he had given for the purposes of his defence were wholly nnjustifiable; the prisoner's whole proceedings had been indica tive of fraud and trickery, and it was clear that he intended to make oft' with the gold, fraudulently obtained, which was then in the Court. The prisoner said that if he could have proved the partnership he could have shown that he was entitled to £1;200 a year, and consequently to a much larger amount than the money alluded to. His Honor said that there were some persons with nrinds so constituted as to give them a most per verted notion of right and wrong, and it might he that the prisoner would admit no wrong in the fraud and falsehood of which he had been con victed. The prisoner was then sentenced to hard labour on the roads or other public works for the space of five years. The St. Arnacb Silver Mines, Victoria.—A correspondent of the Maryborough Advertiser furnishes that paper with a description of the workings at the St. Arnaud Mines, which from the richness of the argentiferous deposits they contain have attracted a considerable degree of interest. On the works is erected the now famous Balfour's pulverizer, the operation of which is thus described: —" The drum is stationary, having upon its iron band, describing the circumference, formidable teeth upon the inner surface; an axle, havingfixed thereto iron arms or hammers, is made to revolve within the drum I don't know how many hundred times a minute, and the pieces of roasted quartz (about the size of walnuts) which are poured into the rapacious little mouth of the ma chine are knocked about in space, and, as a practical gentleman observed, as it were 'frightened' to pieces. But such little pieces! Scotch snuff is about a parallel illustration of the atoms—and pretty much of the colour too. The big pieces of quartz are crushed up in an ugly looking hut exceedingly simple machine, some thing like a gigantic iron pear, fluted down the sides, perpendicularly hanging by the stalk, which by pressure against a casing, and gripping the pieces of stone at any angle of its descent from the feeding-place at the top, crushes them most ruth lessly but effectually. The power communicated to the peculiar movement of this ponderous 'pear' is by means of a heavy - driving-wheel, revolving slowlj' and driving I suppose, a lever, by means of a crank or something of the sort.' The furnaces and the roasters are said to be awful things to look at, and: the stone after being frightened" into dust is "blownup" by the mere force or air created by tbe rapidity of the revo lutions through a shoot into a chamber, its ascent being assisted by an endless screw at work in the part of the spout which goes oil' from the perpen dicular attached to the pulverizer at an obtuse angle. There is a large laboratory, several fur naces, and a lot of retorts and things that made the place look for all the world like that painting of Teniers, in the National Gallery; without the \ alchemist in his white heard and black skull cap. , The crushing machinery is described as in splendid trim, the mode of getting the stone to the mill ; easy and economical, and the process of crushing the same as for gold. Indeed gold is obtained from the stone, although silver largely predomi nates. The rest of the letter is taken up with the description of a "funny looking thing called a Cornish huddle." The iron cup connected with this is fed by a wide trough or platform running towards the month, from which the stuft falls into it. The retorted metals fused together are sent to Melbourne, and there the chemical separation is effected. ,, Aerated Bread.—Apropos of the question relative to the desirability of substituting aerated for the common yeast bread, now under agitation among connoisseurs, we extract the following from Once a TPccIv—"The public are now pretty familiar with the aerated bread, the invention of Dr Dauglish. This bread is also made by ma chine, hut it is not raised by the fermentation of yeast, hut by the introduction of carbonic acid gas into tbe dough whilst being mixed in unexhausted receiver. The carbonic acid gas in thismauner becomes thoroughly incorporated with the ele ments of the bread, and as it issues from the machine the gas gives it that highly vesicular appearance on which its extreme lightness de pends. Flour, salt, and wat< r are thus the only ingredients to he found iu the aerated bread. But the purity of the loaf made by this process is not its only recommendation to weak stomachs. The flour from which it is made is prepared by an American process, which removes the outer coat of the grain—a siliceous matter wholly indigestible —without injuring or removing the internal coat, which is the most nutritious part of the grain. By the ordinary method of grinding this coat disap pears with the bran, and thus at least 20 per cent, of the value of the wheat grain is lost. The flour, thus rich in what is termed ' ccrealinc,' by the ordi nary process of bread-making, however, turns out a rather brewnish loaf, to which the public, as a rule, object, as it is supposed to exert certain laxative qualities, after the manner of the well-known brown bread. Now, although this is an error (the peculiar properties of the brown bread depending upon the siliceous coat which is retained m it, whilst it is rejected from this sew preparation , yet the public cannot he convinced, and the invalu able process of unburnning wheat would have been rejected hut for the simultaneous invention of the aerating machine whicli Dr. Dang ish has brought bcforelthe public. The aerated loaf made from this exceedingly rich flour, having no fermenting process to go tlirougli, turns out a beautifully white bread, which is certainly the plcasantcst, whilst it is the most nutritive, of all kinds of food made from the wheat grain. The complaint of the journeymen bakers against the long hours of work, and the foul conditions under which they labour, will he wholly disposed of by the introduction of these bread-making machines, as the work which formerly employed the men, off and on, for 18 or 20 hours, can now be performed under two hours, and in a perfectly well-ventilated apartment; thus affording another instance of the value of ma chinery, not only by saving humanity much most offensive drudgery, but by chinmating those sources of disease which so often sacrifice the lite of the workman to the necessities of our civihzi tion." « ! JpKSsaujsassr j S I quarrel, we believe, was soma alleged Z f on the part of Mr. Wm. iw wkiA wn m, lated to damage Messrs. Hodgkiss and < which they asserted to he false. JaiW ta "bSto cither explanation or denial of the iatem^f these gentlemen most repreheusibly took tkeHw into their oim hands. It was supposed the marte would come before the Magistrates, but kw^ arranged out of Court. YTe arc sorry to have to record from time to time scenes of this kind, which cannot hut disgrace the parties implicated in them j and damage the reputation of the colony. toS^cI°ST^nOUSSt'the items of addition* to fc- the. Assembly of colt for M •i-?Yal'!e2Q!d"ficld'--50- balance tT menced to sink the \ } haverccom fathom leroL TI1e ^ S f. att nnder tUe 53" ***%££■ JZJl tr5L?? «.■? towf ami spare for driving /C7, fy- s ery wet last three weeks ahSlit en ,lurinS the end at this The n0«* a slide that has very much Led tie fatoom°levaS<T^end no^ ^ * breaking nwav The i„ 7 ot,ore iaid open for a^ssis?a^s: bunch, are getting very thin Pi ° u tlle bik Ws Shaft is doir^aW remaia S°°d 33-fathomlevel- lode smalt 1 z ^ under the of oreraised and sampled during the if' Sua?tJty ISO tons. The building the^„ in ' m,onth'about so much time has f06"1*001 occupying also the smelting. Quanthv Tvf J , rsv-eu> duringthemonth,4Stonr %toL«S ,S mad" looks to be in a very healthy s^te » 6 ^ NAPOLEON MINING COMP vsr informs us that "ata COI?espondent sliareholders of th» Sanson 1^lt.^eetin^ of the held on^ednLda;, tr^fc ?WPaDy solved tliat, as the iuSuonrA ?t, it was re tralian mineral neCiitlnn r"3-"1 South Ans" duccd an St ont^f'1 ^ """ precluding the idea of -,^,i ot peculators, effected on the 2f L™ fl1? Mediately property they heTJTe^ Port^,"16 Talu.e of the developed at the cost of the pronto*1* d ** liminary to the detemiiiiatfon of ^' asapre" whether the ne^otiathvTt r„» of the question resumed or otheru-ise. The nec^rv Sh^M ** consequently agreed to -»,i 5 were ?sr^g;s;;3ss5SE0t jectiouable passages omitted, and a great improve ment in tip; supernatural machmei|! The vS of the murder was exceedingly weU given amUf they be not "honest ghosts," we can StlTsav they are nevertheless well worth seeSg When Honkv"t,m^amaS0f^abetterclasstSS «sS StS-vSrS?***™* ^marvelS n>SSlCK^T:""A School, Glen Osmond, and 10 of Mr. Beaumont, was played on Thursday, ttPaM «7JSBr5£stt£< offffiS Club, were much admired Index to the "Times "—We h»v» *L ■ a ss.r^'TrJi^'rn fhe C°™S of atlSg ;r i\ E^ecfSKfif portance which has taken place du^ng to ™' T-Trb??ea 011 SaLdayLaLniTbEvS subject treated on by the Times is indexed undS !!°®e luakes the reference ?" Tilu^ under the general heading "America,' ire'laTea,Eubd,"s;ff" "Confederate Gener^" part of which we sliall quote, as it will give our ton " ^e^nf°r f 2* piaa ot •- Tlic Confederate Generals-General Beau - regard, his advice to his soldiers, 110, p. I4.U7, p?12; he contradicts the statement made bv the P sm- ShIor16S'P\i1}' 01:1161:11 StonewallJack son The C. Cromwell described, 1/0, p.7,212, p. 10; the origin oi the name Stonewall, 312, p. 7," &c.; auppose, then, we wish to discover the origin of the singular name which the late General Jack f-nnw«'7e !?d "America"in the index; then under that word we find " Confederate Generals," -7e,Jmd as above "Origin of the naineStonewall,■ wliehwearedirectedto312. Turn ing to the table we learn that 312 was published on December 30. We find the paper of that date, and on toe /to page we obtain the information re quired. In subsequent volumes the compiler promises to give toe column as well as the page, lie also proposes, if sufficiently encouraged, to bring out an index to the leading articles of the , *cr years. Such labours as these,., though not very briihant, are veiy useful, aud we sincerely wish the compiler success in his under taking. About 9 o'clock on Friday evening, as Mr. Grelkatli was crossing from Hindley- screec to Leigh-street, he was knocked down and run over by a cab driven by a man named Seacomb, who was turning the corner very sharply at the time. But we are happy to say no serious injurv was sustained, though Mr. Grefirath is likely to be Hid up for a few days. The driver was fined £5 only two or three weeks ago for furious driving Total Abstinence.—T;le Eev. J. Gibson, on Friday evening, lectured on the subject of total abstinence before a pretty numerous audience, at the Temperance Hall, Tynte-street, NorthAdelaide j.hc Bev. J. Maughan presided. In the course of his lecture, which occupied upwards of an hour In delivery, and was exceedingly interesting, the rev. gentleman advocated the cause of temperance on the ground both of humanity and Christianity. He compared the evil effects of drunkenness with the good produced by sobriety, and in liis con cluding^- remarks entered into an argument supporting the consistency existing between total abstinence and true Christianity. He also intro duced numerous appropriate anecdotes, and at the close received a most cordial vote of thnni-a The Wonders of the Heavens.—a 1-*.^ on this subject was delivered, on Friday evening; by the Bev. G Oolwell, in the Lecture Hall of the Piric-street Chapel, in connection with the Ade laide Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Association Therewasa veiy large attendance. The lecture was illustrated by diagrams aud models represent ing the primary planets. The rev. lecturer, in lofty and eloquent terms, descanted upon the wisdom, majestj-, and power of the Great Architect of the Universe, as manifested in the distances, movements, and phenomena of the ponderous globes that roll along the heavens. He referred to the theorizing and discoveries of Tycho Brafae, Copernicus, Galileo, Kepler, and Ketrtoa, ex plained the laws of planetary motions, the processes by which the diurnal and annual parallactic angles are determined, the incli nation of the moon's orbit to the ecliptic, the ' precision of the equinoxes, the eccentricitv of the earth's orbit, toe perturbing influences *of the planets and satellites on each other, and the stability of equilibrium upon which the conser vation of the system is made dependent. The lecturer also referred to the inductive processes by winch. Leverier of Paris and Adams of Cambridge sei erally determined the actual existence and position of the planet Neptune, as educed from the observed perturbations of Uranus, which he regarded as the most magnificent triumph of toe human intellect ever known. The rev. gentleman concluded a very interesting lecture by advancing several reasons, which he regarded as all but con clusive, that toe planets are all the abodes of sentient beings like ourselves. During toe even ing Mrs. Smart sang "The home where cltanges never come," to a harmonium accompaniment The usual compliments to the lecturer, ecc., closed the proceedings. Cows Struck bt Lightning. — On Saturday last, about half-past 5 o'clock, two cows and a calf, belonging to Messrs. Dean & Laughton, were standing in Mr. Dean's paddock, at Campbelltown, when they were struck dead by lightning. Thev all fell as if struck down from cast to west. On one of toe cows there were no visible signs of violence, but oa the others there were marks like scratches down toe body and legs. Australian Copper Coinage.—The Sydney Empire of October 3 says" Considerable excite ment prevails in Sydney with reference to the copper coinage. It is expected that the Mint will shortly commence the production of copper coins." 