î BIRMINGHAM AND THE AMEBIOAN QUESTION. ON Friday afternoon a deputation waited upon afr. Adama; tba United States minister, at bia official reai. dence ia Fortland.plaee, for the pnrposa of presenting bim with an address to President Lioaoln, signed by mote thin 13,6001 f< tba inhabitants of Birmingham, on the eubjeotof tba American crisis.. Tho deputation was introduced by Mr. Bright, M.?,, and «c&iisted; ot Mr Oherlea Stnrge (the ex-mayor), MrvHcmy Minion, Mr. George Edmonds ' (clerk of the peaoe), Mr. James Taylor, junior, Mr. Vf. Morgan, and Mr. J. A. Partridge. Kr. Bright said that the address might.bo considered to represent the opinion of by far the. greater number of the inhabitants. The liât of signatures comprised those of twenty-eight members of the town council, of whom eleven were aldermen, and seven ba] filled tba effioe of mayor of the borough.. Many moro persons would hava willingly given their names if a little longer time bte! been allotted for that purpose. Mr. 0. Sturge read tba address, whioh expressed sym- pathy with Mr. Lincoln in his endeavour to preserve the Union ot the States, and hope that bis .efforts for the emancipation of the negro might be brought to ? ana* oessful issue. Mr. Sturge thought that if the. émanai, pation prooiamation bad been issued at the beginning of the war it wonld by thia time have eflfeated.tha extinotion of slavery and tba preservation of the noion. Mr. Edmonde, Mr..Morgan, Mr. Taylor, and Mr. Par» tridge having eaoh spoken, Mr. Adams, io rep)y, expressed bil pla IBU to at rev ceivingtbe address, and Bald-Thero. have been som» amuBing intimations or insinuations in some of tho newspapers in this country, to the effeot. tbat the government of the United States bsd something or. other-they do not Bay what-» to do with getting op these demonstrations. A statement of that kind is on the face of it so ridisnlotts as hardly to need farther notice, but at the same time it is a Bouroo of gratification tome personally, os tberepre ceatative of tba United States, to ba able to eay tbat in no respect, direotly or indirectly, in any ageney what- ever, bas the government of the United States been oonoerned in this movement from beginning to end. It is, therefore, with great satisfaction that we regard thia as tba spontaneous outburst of the popular sentiment of Great Britain, not so muoh in sympathy with any political orga- nisation on the other aide of tho Athntio, aa in testi- mony to their devotion to one great principle, wbioli ought to animate tbe people eqially in both hemispheres, it ie in that light mora particularly tbat X am dispose! to attaob great importsnoa to all tboBO demonstrations. They represent a feeling wbioh riseB above all olassea and distinctions of nation or of rank, and loobe simply to the rights of the.buman race wherever they exist. This is an indication of progress all over the world. We in America at this moment aro going through a otitlcal state, just oe the Emperor of Russia, in bis country, brought about a sooial change of tbe most radloal oharas, ter in tbe endeavour to relieve what ia «ailed the lowest olasa of people from the burdens that had been entailed npon thom from generations long ago. In America' (blt etruggle hes a peouliar intensity and difficulty, because it ia not simply interlaced with contemplated soolal obanges; but beoauee tho principle has an affiliation wilb political power so intimate that it is hardly poBslblo lo separata tbem without a sooial oonvalaion. It i?, therefore, not ot all surprising that in tba different stagoa of thia struggle yon see the whole sooial syatem rent and torn. But looking at it In a philosophical point of view, lt seema to me nothing mora nor less than we should ex peat under the eiroamBtaoeos, and it dosB not in any degree dlBSonraga me in my expco'atlon that ultimately that great oountry will survive all those temporary diffi- culties, and will ooma out of (bia struggle renewed and improved for a oareor hereafter moro fortunata and mora prospérons tban before. There has not been a time einoe the foundation of tba Government of tbe United States tbat thia evil baa not loomed before the eyes of all publia mon. They faave.alwaya looked forward to thia peouliar state of things as the ono whioh would bring with it at some time or other the greatest danger to as. That time bas now oome, It waa for the sake of postponing it that the welt-meant efforts ot oar pabilo men wera direoted for a long period, but I have bad my doubts whether, on the whole, they really consulted the good of the oountry in effeating that postponement solong, At any rate, be that BB it may, the time bia now oomo, and wa are passing through tba stage of trill; but I have no doubt tbat the Sympathien of all honest men in all parts ot the world will contribute a great deal to soften tba eeveiity of these ttialB to the persona who are neoasBBiily engiged in them. The deputation thanked bis Excellency, and withdraw.' Meetings, at wbioh addresses Blmllar to tbat presented from Manchester, were held at Ashford1, Ashton-nnder Lyne, Moisley, and Oldham. The meetings were unani- mous and moat enthusiasts in adopting all tba résolu, lions Bubmitted to them in favour of the Nortb, and es. peelally in opposition to alavery.-Daily Newt, M at oh 2 . AH ACBISAUAN WAKE -The oise of Ryan against a man rejoicing in the noaeail nam? of ¿ttl HZ'aVu^ii or ibis extraordinary chirso:or. The reader may start- aa at first I own I did-when I found I had to deal with Bach a bill of particulars aa the following items, which diaolosed that a man waB summoned bi fore me to pay for spirits drank at bis own wake, ead that tho waked man btood on the floor before me os défendant. The bill wis of thia oharaoter:-"Abel Deatb, farmer, debtor to Phillip Byan, pabiloso; For sundry apiritaoai liqaors famished for the waks of Abel Dealt), and drank thereat, £3 10.'.; six poundB of tobaooo, pipes, and cigars, ¿'3; total, afO 10s.' The faota ol the above 02S) wore these:-Deatb, tho defendant, o:me home ôûe di», find Wt« «nddeulï. seized with a violent attack of delirium Uemttu, Mrs. Death boame alarmed, and sent for the doolor, an ex* oonviot, residing at the neighbouring town seroa mllea off. The doctor waa qalokly ia attindanoe, and on in- spection of the patient, deolared the caso to he hope» loss. Ha pronounced it to present a oomplloatioa of maladios beyond his medioinal skill to care. It ex- hibited, be said, manifestations of sanguineous apoplaiy, combined with half-a-dozen other inca table symptoms, not one word of whlah Mrr. Death understood. How- ever it was enough for MtB. Death to know that bec Death muBt die that evening ; and the* doctor advised that tba beBt thing that oould be done was to allow him to die in peaoo.- For this purpose ha recommended the patient should be removed to a barn or outhouse, and; there laid upon a bod until the vital Bpark had fled. He waa aooord ingly remived; and Mrs. Death, doBirouB tbat every honour after tho fashion of her country (Ireland to wit) Bhoald be paid to her Deatb, told the dootor there should be a " floe wake" that night. To thia the dootor assented, and moreover accepted aa Invita- tion to form ono of the porty to attend the wake. Aa it would have taken Borne time to 'go to town and parohoso tho" "funeral babemeats," or rather tba fanerai beverages, Mrs, Death prevailed upon tba dootor to write an order to a pablioan in town to rZIHl°h Bt,"aDle supplies BB Bpeoifled ia the above bill of particular-?; Wltn tats requisition (fae dootor oom? plie', and towards evening the messenger came back with the gooda as ordered, A' hasty visit to tba patient found him motionless, with bia eyes olosod, r-ynptoms, as tho doolor said, that usually prc oede the oalamitgna eveot at hand. Ii waa agreed amongst the party-consisting of Mrs. Deatb, the dootor, and four or five oonviot servants in Death's employ-that tbs presenoe of Death should be dispensed with, and tait they aboald wake him by proxy. Aooordingly a bed wan placed io the room of the hcuje ia which they assembled, on which Doath'd body WJB supposed to bo plaoed OB" a pleasure of the imagination." Tho other parla of tbi oeremony woro oompliod with etriotly. Tho tobacco, pipes and spirit bottles were in oonslant requisition throughout tba night and the intemperate oaronsal lasted until morniog. By th it timo tba party fell asleep, and by tbat timo also Doath xodivivui was restored to h¡B senses. Heh»la sound sleep; tbs sudden and severe attaalt of deli.ium tremeni whlohho had provoked by tbrea doy's booze at a neighbour's houso abated, and he waa soon " himsolf ogaln." He got op, aad oa enter- ing bis boase was astonished ot tho dis: Jay of bottles before him, and not leBs so by the number of Bleeping partners in his eBtabllibmenf. They woko np, nod were at firat inclined to take bim fora ghost, aa they had looked upon tba dootor as an infallible prophet, whose prediction of Death's death tbat night waa Boro to bs vorifled. Ho WBB determined, however, to convince them that it waa no ghost, bat Death himself. He seized tba poker, for CITBEOB or defenoe, as the exigency of the toaaiion might require, and soon brought the whole party to their bearings. On these faota being proved with aa much gravity aa the natara of the oise tdmitlad. I dismissed the olalm against Death, adding;, to the piala tiffs inquiry, " who waa topsy for tho liquor f" "I suppose .tho party who ordered it." " On this hint be spike." Six months afterwards, in the aime oho ail town, the dootor figured as the defendant at the snit of tho samo plaintiff for the lame item. The doctor's de« fonoe waa tbat bo only obeyed tho bidding of Mrr. Death in writing the order; but I held tba*, though the dcotor waa protected as to any medical prescription be might wrltr, yet he bad no authority io dreuoh Mrs. Death and all Death's men (tbo dootor inolaeivoly) at bis patient's expenso end spirits. Accordingly, I made ' bim pay tho bill. Tba only honest claim bo bad npon his patient was for rendering bim the sotvloo of leaving him alo-o -TA* ty Yeau' Beeidend in New South Wafet and Victoria, by B, Thetry, Esq. 