ROSEDALE. A correspondent writes.—It is too bad to say that "Should Rosedale get all the district it has asked tor it does not include a single goldfields road. They have reunited Rus- sell's Creek, a diggings which has contributed largely to their prosperity. Stringer's and Donnelly's Creek roads are entirely omitted." This is not true, and we are bound to contradict it, not because such assertions do us much harm but because, having taken a certain position for a certain purpose we are bound to defend that position, or acknowledge it to be a false and wrong one. The fact is, the road district we have applied for takes in less than one hundred and thirty three miles of gold fields' roads, as you will see by the following statement—Main Melbourne Koad 44 miles—Western Road 8 miles— Rosedale to Cooper's Creek (about) 40 miles —From Pearson's Bridge to Steadman's Hotel 20 miles—Rosedale to Steadman's 11 miles-—Rosedale to Toongabbi, 10 miles. All these roads are in actual use, and with the way in which the diggings are extending in every way in our direction it is impossible to say how many more gold fields' roads may eventually fall on the shoulders of this Board keep. It is a funny thing to talk for half an hour about the scandal of local people having to make gold fields' roads and then pitch into Rosedale because it does not take in more than it has done, for I will treat it as a mistake their having said we took in none. I see no reason why Tinamba should not be allowed to include what road it pleases, particularly as it is their produce they want get to the best market we all have. The gold we can always get down when those fine fellows the miners find if. I do think Sale might as well take kindly to it and make the little piece of road between themselves and Merriman's Creek. A subscription has been raised amongst our residents for the purpose of erecting guiding poles and wires, and removing stumps from tbe breach in the bridge, so that strangers may run a little less risk of coming to grief than they do at present. But is it not to bad that such a thing should bo necessary in a structure like our bridge ? Bushranging i.v New South Wales.—. Tlie bushranging system of plundering the pcoplo of New South Wales has now become so bold and daring that the Government have offered a reward of £2500 for the apprehen sion of Gilbert and his gang. We had thought the time for offering such rewards for common footpads lmd passed away, and (h;it we had such effective detective police that highway robbers would never be able to commit a second crime in the same locality ; but it seetrs we wore nil wrong, and that our ideas were either ahead of or behind the age; for, between Gardiner and Gilbert our cousins in New South Wales liavc been haunted and plundered for tnore than twelve months, and neither of those daring leaders lms yet been arrested, nor have the dctrctives ever como into contact with them ; and we think a terrible state of society is revealed by the?e circumstances. The whole resident population are either kept in bodily fear or tliey are in league with the bushrangers; or else the bushrangers have bought over the detectives, and they are therefore always off the track. We would be very loath to believe that the police force would sell them selves to such ruffians, or allow them to gn on sticking up and robbing for a merely pecuniary consideration, but really the opportunities which the police seem to have let slip are surprising, and force the question why not push on and captuve them, or why not drive them into a corner and take them at once; but no, they were allowed to esiape and are now at large, a terror to the whole country, by the increasing audacity with which they commit their depredations, and becoming-a terror to the peaceably disposed i in this colony, from the feared effects of | their bad example on our youth. j The Proper Way to Milk Cows.— It; is usual in this and other Australian colo nies to first " bail up " milch cows and put on a leg-rope, drawing back the leg- so that kick ing is impossible. Cows so " broken in " will never stand milking otherwise; but wo have recently learned how they may be " broken in " without " bailing up " at all. When at Mr. Boadle's farm, Prospect Hill, Plenty road, lately, we observed several men in the stock-yard each milking a cow, which was standing at psrfect liberty, and allowing itself to be milked without showing' the slightest inclination to move. We have often seen in dividual animals milked in this fashion, but here was a whole herd of dairy cows all so perfectly quiet that there was not the slight est trouble in milking them. Nothing hut the kindest treatment is followed. When an ani- I mal is about to be milked for the first time, it is " roped," and then held in the middle of; the yard, but if it is wild and not easily held it is pulled up to the fence. The course of ^handling, coaxing, and milking is then com menced, and it is found that alter two or three days the nnimaU finip.t and allow themselves to be milked without " roping " at all. It is true that the greater number of J Ir. Boadle's cows are quiet, well-bred cattle, and probably a number of them are what are known as " milkers' calves;" but some of them were originally as wild as cattlo usually are, and one was pointed out to me as an old " scrubber'" from the Goulburn river. There can be no doubt that the proper way to treat all the lower animals, at any rate—whatever may be thought due to the higher order of men an,J monkeys—is to use kindness, making every allowance for defects in temper and | character, because tbey are guided by instinct and not by reason.—Yeoman. ; i I A gentleman seeing a man remove an em- [ bankment from a dwelling1, inquired : " Pat rick, what are you doing?" " Opening the cellar window, Sir." " What arc you doing that for ?" " To let out the dark, yer honor." A gentleman on board a steamboat with his family, was asked by his children " what made the boat go," when he gave them a very minute description of the machinery and its principles in the following words:—"You see, my dears, this thingambob here goes down through that fioie and fastens the jigmoree, and that connects with the crinkum-crankum, and then that man, lie's the engineer you know, kind o' stirs up the what-do-you-call-it, with a long poker, and they all shove along, and the boat goes a-liead." House in the Moon.—A rustic having gone to the Calton-hill Observatory to get a sight of the moon, after having got a glance at it, drew away his head to wipe his eyes, and. in the interval, the end of the telescope noiselessly fell down, so as, instead of pointing to the heavens, to point to the earth. The rustic's surprise was unutterablo when he again looked through, and beheld the sign of a public-house at a short distance, with the customary declarations—"Edinburgh alo," &c.; He started back, and exclaimed, " Edin burgh ale in the moon! Glide preserve us, that beats a.'" A Skull that had a Tongue.—When Dr. John Donne, the famous poet and divine of tho roign of James I., attained possession of his first living, he took a walk into the churchyard, where the sexton was at the time digging a grave, and in the course of his labours threw up a skull. This skull the doctor took into his hand, and found a rusty headless nail sticking in the temple of it, which he drew out secretly, and wrapped in tho the co'-ner of his handkerchief. He then demanded of the grave digger whether he. knew whoso skull it was. lie said it was a man's who kept a brandy-shop—an honest, drunken fellow, who ouo night having taken two quarts was found dead in his bed next morning. " Mad he a wife ?" " Yei." "What character does she bear?" "A verygood one; only the neighbours reflect on her becauso she married tho • day alter her husband was linried." This was enough for the doctor, who under the plea of visiting his parishioners, called on the woman, lie aslted her soveral questions, and, among others, what sickness her husband died of. She giving him the same account as ho had before received, ho suddenly opened tho handkerchief, and cried in an nutiioritativo voice, " woman do you know this nail?" Sho was struck with honor at tho unexpected demand, i istatit'y owned tho fact, and was brought to trial mid executed.—Burkiss llomance oj the Forum. tolerably well, as it was a black one. D\zi (the driver) followed my example, and as the lions did not take the least notice, I fired my second barrel, and was just proceeding- to load my own gun, which Jack hail brought me, when I was aware for a single instant only that the lion was coming1, and the same moment! was knocked half a dozen somersaults backward off the hut, the brute striking ran in the chest with his beau. T gathered my self tip in a second and made ft dash at a fence just behind me, scrambled through it, gun in hand, but the muzzle was choked with dirt. I then made for the waggon, and got to the box, where I found all the Kaffirs, who could not get inside, sticking like monkeys and Diza perched on the top. IIow he got there seemed to me a miracle, as ho was alongside me when the brute charged. A minute or two afterwards one of them marched off a goat, one of five that we tethered by the foot of the but which we had so speedily evacuated. Dizn, thinking he had a chance, fired frcin the top of the waggon, and the recoil knocked him backwards on to the tent, which brulce his fall, Jr. was a most ludicrous sight altogether. After that we were utterly defeated, and the brutes were allowed to eat tbsir meal unmolested, which they continued to do for some time, groviing fiercely nil the while. The Kaffirs said there were five in all. I fired once again, but without effect; and we all sat shivering with cold, without anj clothes on, till near day-break, when our enemies beat a retreat, and I was not sorry to turn in again between the blanket. I was just, beginning to get warm again, when I was aroused by a double shot, and rushed out on hearing that the driver and after-driver had shot the lion. We went to tho spot and found a fino lioness dead, with a bullet through tho ribs lrom tho after-rider—a good shot, as she was nt least a hundred and fifty yards off. Another had entered the neck just behind the head, and travelled all along the spine nearly to the root of the tail. I claimed that shot, and forthwith proceeded to skin her. I cut out tlm ball; it proved to be my shot out of Clifton's rifle; this accounted for her ferocious onslaught. Tho after- rider was rather chopfallen at having to give her up to the rightful owner. Diza got a claw on his thigh, and the gun which ha had in his hand was frightfully scratched on the stock; rather sharp' practice. A strong nerved old Kaffir woman lay in .the hut the ;\vho1qi...ti.ra?V.?wjthbiit"::'iV,,'.dooi*.;'or: anything whatever between her and . the lions,/and kept as still as. a mouse 'all -the■-vw-hiie.-J-.. Baldwin's~zAfricaW Hunting 'from Natal to. (he Zambesi, it . CUT: .OFF.'.TnE BACKinX/lJGS/OF, y6ur; Ciiairs.—I will toll von a secret > worth" knowing-.' 'i;A thousand1 things hot' woribehalf as,much .have,beeh,|i'atented and elevated into a business;;; It' is^this.:: If you cut pft.tlie back logs o f your /chairs, so -that the back part' of the seat shall.be two inches lower than tlie • front part, it;willgreatly' reliove the fatigue of sitting,.anil keep your'spine in better, shape.1 The principalfatigue in- sitting comes . from your .sliding'"toward, and' thus straining the'' ligaments arid; .muscles in, the 'small' of the back.. 'J'he . expedient',",!, have .. advised will, obviate til's tendency, and;.as lhavc suggested; add greatly tothe/ comfort, arid/healthfulness of the sitting;posture. ^-The front edgeof/n: chair should not be more than fifteen inches 1u'bk Cm.. tliQ nVnhifrfi mnn.V, nor more/than, fourteen for the averago woman. Thb' average chair - is. now seventeen inches high, for nil, which, no. amount of. slanting in; the; seat can make comfortable.—Lewis's Gym--, nasium. ; •; An American:paper states that-tlioso who; go round with the ;coritribtition box in Galifcir uinn churches plead and' h'tr^u&-tlie\oh^p" in* the *! pews as 'they; go along. ■ ' Tho> ^following dialogue, it is said,' '.tcok idace 'betwc'en 'one'of' these gentry and^ an honest-looking , mineiv Parson. L-%4^"pxtenfling^tlie box to Bill, and ■ he slowly shook -liis'/Tioad. . ' Come' /William, give something,' inid'the parson. , Can't do it,' replied JJilI.\,',.'-Why not ? Is not the causo; a ;good:,orio?f asked ho. 'Yes, good enough.';'but I am not able to give anything,', answered Bill. Pooh ! pooh ! J know better 1 you must give me a better reason than that.' ' Well I owo too much money; I mnst be just before I am generous, you know.' ' But, William, you owe God a larger debt than you owe any one else.' ' That's true, Parson, hut he ain't pushing mo like the rest of my creditors.' Tho argument was conclusive. Atmospheric Effects in Iceland.— Skiadlbreid—or Broadshieid—Jokui, to the north-west, is mottled towards its base with black patches, but its summit and flanks are lit up with pure rosea'e light. Armannsfell, one of a range nearer and moro to tho north is of a dark rich Venetian red colour touched with bronze, and exhibits a living glow, an effect I have never elsewhere seen equalled or even approached. Wherever tlio light falls, all is transfigured and glorious beyond description; yet, there is no approach to hardness, aitlier of lino or tin'', but an atmospheric of subduing softness, transparency, and ptuity, magically invests everything with an ethereal spiritual beauty ; such are peculiar to Iceland. Paddy's Three Answers.—Frederick of Prussia had a great mania for enlisting gigantic soldiers into tho Iloyal Guards, and paid an enormous bounty to his recruiting officers for getting- them. One day the re cruiting sergeant chanced to espy a Hibernian, who was at least seven feet high. lie ac costed him in English, and proposed that ho should enlist. Tho idea o! military lifo and a large bounty so delig to I Patrick, that he immediately consented. " Hut unless you can speak German the king'will not give you so much." " Ocli bo ja'ibers !" said tho Irish man, •' sure its that—I don't know a word of German " " But," said the sergeant, " three little words will be sufficient, and theso you can learn in a short time. The king knows every man in the Guards. As soon as ho sees you, ho will ride up and ask yon how old you are ? You will say ' twenty seven.' Next, how long have you boon in tho servico ? You must reply 'threo weeks.' Finally, if you are provided with clothes and rations ? You answer ' both.'" Pat soon loarned to pronounce his answers, but never dreamed of learning- the questions In threo weeks ho appeared boforo tho king in review. His majesty rode up to him. Paddy stepped for ward with " present arms." "How old are you ?" said tho king'. " Three weeks," said the Irishman. " How long liavo you been in tho service ?" asked tho king. " Twenty-seven years." "Am I or you a fool?'' roared the king. " Doth," icplied Patrick, who was in stantly takon to tho guard-room, but pardoned by the king after ho understood the facts of tho case. Absolute purity of thought end life is tlio richest human possession, find pprlect obedience to the highest attractions of the sonl is the only means of its attainment. It is recorded of the Rabhi Chnnnninli llint when lie undertook to write a commentary upon part of the Prophet Ezokiel, ho required the .lows to supply him wi'h three hundred tons of oil for the use of his lamp, while he sh-mld he engaged in it.—Southey. Origin of ' Old Nick.'—The application of this term to the swarthy father of a'l evil has never yet been satisfactorily accounted for ; it is doubtful whether it ever will. Some authors aro for carrying the origin up to the celebrated Nicholas Machiavel, whoso cun ning policy in the lOih century was noted and proverbial. ' He is us cunning as Old Nick,' was then a common saying ; but how it ever came to be transferred to his Satanic Majesty is left in mystery. Possibly the following conjecture .respecting tbc origin of this term m iy be considered cot ill-founded. Tim Danes and Germans, according to Iveysler, worshipped a deity by nains Noca,orj Nichen, which name he derives {from the'; Germnu nutjan, synonymous with the Latin1 necare, to kill. When the Dunes invaded^ England, they brought with theni their language arid peculiarities. What more probable, then, that th's appellation is handed down to us, like many other of their words, and that as. Christianity dispelled the absurdi ties of snpprstilion, it was at length applied to the monarch of the infernal regions. . Rabelais, being in very needy circum stances, and at the same time very anxious to visit Paris, filled several papers wiih:l>rick dnst, and labelled them, ." Poison for monsieur," " for the dauphin," ''for the king;" those he carefully placed in- his '.'escritoire; knowing that his landlord was of the Paul Pry order, and fond of investigating his correspondence in private.'. The bait tooky li special messenger arrived in consequence of the intelligence which had been furnished at court, and at the king's expense the wit travelled, to his paradise, with proper ac commodation found him on the road. Fortunately for him he was recognised, and his powder proved harmless, or hud it been a droll of less repute, hp might have expiated his fun on the galleys. Speke aud Grant—the Premier And tub Lord' Chanceli.or.-—\Ve' takethe -following' from the 'smartly-written' letter 'of the '-London .Ocrresponderit^d.f'/the^jffriifo/ ^/»r>*br'{-^Travellers'- 'stories '-'are famous - for 'abounding in* the: triarvellousj-but'the stories Honchin'g;spa- serpehts'i'sinlcHnto 'nt'er 'insig nificance! when, compared with -this' an ventures 'through' \vhich :NynnzR ; Speke fund 1 Grant have gone,' and -which'; they'/'relhte 'with' a 'nVodcsty 'that^is -per(ectlyv charming; i Tliey Hon't; see tri' to;" think that they I did' a ny th i ng iyery'wohderful iii;:peiietrnting into'a! country, and1 i vin!t lierbi a'm'on g;. ;savrt^es^ tlie m ikl est of "av horn! 'thoughti oit'.'^buld' be'Vood fun to mftko W'sacrific'd'of the' white'wnnderers and all of whom felt, a longing.to .p.rcd .the white skins of' their yisitqrs'.with-knives and spears, just to see if Hliei'ei'-vvas'' any blood beneath. They i:talk'} about-.a; journey;;across a;desert inhabited onlj'iiby, ;predatory :blacks .as; though it''hwero'i'only! a;: pleasanti.-.stroll .' across. a Highland, moor, laricl they: speak of their, scores of narrow ^escapes from death;with a . calainess eyeryday existence of>a man. required that he should be invimniinent.iperiliOt'ijlile.iiand limb several times',in;:each I twenty-four /hours, and within an>inch of a. scalping.ikmfe ot; a crocodile's jaw as often as iteal -times^. Of Captain Speke a 'magniSceht i-phoit'ogrriphic portrait, has been 'taken,; two' feet in -lengths' It is one of the fi'nest'af the. kind!evaV turned out of a studio, and eqiinls a line''engraving in its clearness find 'deli aicy/ol- tin Kit. Why' 'Spake (what a misnomer ; he can't speak at all) should have all thii honour'is not> very clear, and' a good many comments are 'made : upon it in 1 the circles of those ! scientific folks who know everything^ and ; who therefo;e know how much Grant did for the success of the expedition. The}' are both good men no doubt, hut each day it becomes plninpr that their literary are not equal to their exploring powers, though, singularly enough, now that it has been discovered that neither of them can speak in public, or deliver lectures, or read papers, anrl that sort of thing, they are bortd incessantly to undertake all those interesting tasks. There arc some people who havo a fatality in being thrown into the very position in which they are seen at a disadvantage—as are Speke and Grant, just as others possess the faculty of putting themselves in the right position and everyone else in the wrong, and of these is Palmerston. There was a singular illustration of this last year at the opening of the Exhibition. The crowd were all assembled the Commissioners were assembled on the raised dias under the dome—the archbishop had just finished reading his prayers—the eyes of a countless multitude were on the chief .performers of the ceremony, when Pam, no doubt wearied of sitting to be stared at, openel up a conversation with the Lord Chancellor sitting beside him, and cracked some little joke that had the effect of completely disturbing the Chancellor's gravity and Little Bethell laughed until tlio curls of the Chancellor's wig vibrated to and fio i;udely agitated by the convulsions beneath. Whilst Bethell was in this unseemly state of levity Pam happened to cast his eyes up into the srallery, and there beheld the two staring eyes of a stereoscopic camera look'.ng down upon them, anil at that moment fixing their shadows on the too faithful glass, 'lhe effect was extraordinary. Palmerston in a moment : threw himself into nn easy att.tilde, put his hand 'thoughtfully to his brow, got up a regular prime- minister pose, anil, iit vulgar language, the judicious one "was ail there. Poor little Bethell, on the other hand,—tho keeper of the conscience of tho Crown, the highest legal authority in tho State,- was in an extraordinary attitude of levity and impropriety, and his taco was in such a grin that you might havo fancied him tho bonos m a troupe of white Ethiopian serenaders. It was iu this condition that the undoing photograph was taken and handed down to posterity. Pam, the joker, all seriousness and starch; Bethell, the grave and sententious, sll hilarity and grin. In everything Palmer ston attempts it is just tho same, ho falls on his feet with eat-like good fortuno, and not only does not hurt himself but puts himself into such a pretty attitude that overyone admires him, whilst they look with un disguised scorn on tliesu whom lie had dragged down with him, who are really better men than Pam himsalf, hut who have not tho tact and readiness to convert a bad and false position into ono that looks elogant an natural. Dksseixs.—They gave mo a bod-room there ; a very neat room on the first floor looking into the pretly garden. The hole! must look pretty much as it did a hundred years ago when he visited il. I wonder whether ho paid his bill? Yes: his journey was just begun. He had borrowed or got the moneyjsomehow. Such a man would spend it l'berally enough when he had it, give generously—nay, drop a tear over the fate of the poor fellow whom he relieved. I don't believe a word he savs, but I never accused liirn of stinginess about money. That is a fault of much more virtinus people than he. Mr. Laurence is ready enough with his purse when there is anybody's guineas in it. Still when I went to bed in the room, in his room; when T think how I admire, dislike, and have abused him. a certain dim feeling of ap prehension filled my mind at the midnight hour. What if I should see his lean figure in the black satin breeches, his sinister smile his long thin finger pointing to me in the moonlight (for I am in bed, and have popped' my. candle out), and lie should say, ' You mistrust me, you hate mf, do you? And you, -tlon'tj you know how Jack, Tom, and Harry!1 your brother authors, hate youY I grin and laugh in the moonlight, in the midnight, in the silence. ' O yon ghost in the black satin breeches and a wig! I like to be hated by some men,' I say, ' I know men whose lives are a scheme, whose laughter is a conspiracy, whoso smile means something else, whose hatred is a cloak, and I had rather these men should hate me than not.'—A Roundabout Paper in the Cornhill Magazine. Who of tho present geneiation, knows anythiug of Count Rumford ? At the mention cf his name everybody thinks of stoves. In most people's minds there is a sort of wonder whether he could bo a real Count if his business in life was—stoves Some of vis elders of our day had fathers who knew Count Rumford, and who remembered and talked of him, not in connection with stoves, but as a nobleman of great knowledge, of an active inquiring spirit, of great administrative faculty, and the most in defatigable, resolute, vigilaut, and enterprising benevolence. Whenever society needs the largest amount of comfort at tho smallest cost the name and memory of Count Rumford come' up again. In times of ordinary prosper ty, when our workpeople are well employed and paid, and our gentry gather new luxuries about them, and entertain their minds with study and speculation, ths man is forgotten, or spoken of only for this or that invention. When we have a farticularly bad harvest, or any commercial adversity which throws millions of destitute people-on our hands to be fed and cheered, Count Ruin ford's name is heard where old people are talking of tho black years of their lives There may be less and less of this as tho old folks pass away; but it will be a good while yet before there is nobody left to quote the sayings and doiugs of the liirger-be.iried and practical-minded man who fed the hungry in four countries in Christendom, and showed how the greatest number could be nourished and cheered at the smallest cost—Once a Week, It is very foolish for people to put themselves to the trouble to be ill-natured. Domestic Sweetmeats.—It is a singular fact that many ladies who know how to preserve everything else, can't preserve their tempers. Yet it may easily be done on the self-sealing principle. It is only to "keep the mouth of the vessel tightly closed." 