A PICTURE IN THREE PANELS. fFrom Onee-a-Weck.) How many years is it, I ask, since I first listened to that music t And you come and lean over (he back of my chair and call me foolish. I know you are there, though I do but look on into the fire and read, from a book whose pages no printing-press hath touched. Foolish, am 1 1 Well, I am only living over again some old days, happy and unhappy, which have made yo.u and me what, we are. Foolish 1 You forget that you have been play ing the "Coro religiose,1' and that when I first heard it — well, go your way, " and while you are gone, let me think out the story and paint my picture. PANEL L Yosi itood, one of a merry party,- near the piano, with you hand on the chair of the player, even as it rested on mine but now. I saw you "for the first time, and you were singing the " Coro rcligioso I heard your voice amongst all others distinct and clear. . .1 was to hawk-taken the Count's part, butfoolish then US I am : now, gnnwAjAni' me, and year cousin Ernest" Haughton stepped forward , with his" resolute, musical, " No, no, non pin," which I ought to have sung. I sank back abashed, and" looked at you both. His hand touched your -shoulder — how "dared he ! And I saw how handsome he was. how polished; with " gentleman " written in every line of his mobile face and cvciy movement of his figure. I heard some one say "well matched," and it was true. You looked well together— -a fitting couple. Do you. see me there in the dark shadow of the door, biting my moustache and watching yon 1 I was a great, . strong, . rough ; fellow compared to Ernest, and I felt it I was unused to ladies' society ; no mother or sister had taught me gentleness, or its simulation ; and so, seeing you for the first time, and feeling my own awkwardness, jealousy took possession of me. I would have had that smooth- faced Emest out on the hill side with the hounds in full cry and a mighty fence before him. Then would he have beaten me 1 But there, in Hie drawing- room, he shone and triumphed, while I stood in the shade watching him. There is the first' pknel of my picture. You remember it, I know, but it is not written on your brain as it is on mine. Its colour was on the days that followed, and it had set a mark on my life for ever. You know how at first you thought me shy and awkward, and in your kindness tried to draw out my scanty words on every occasion; at least, I thought so, and I would not be drawn out I preferred watching you and your cousin gloomily ; I was in a fever of infatuation, or I should have quitted the house that held you at' once, instead of lingering on, buying dearly my first knowledge of the great passions of life. Emest Haughtou would have made, friends with me, but I repulsed him : at times I heard him speak light words, which shook my first acknowledgment of admiration for him, and I believed from my heart that he was not worthy of you. Was ! t That question never occurred to mc ; I contented myself with seeing his faults, not thinking of my own. I had a jea lous ooj-yf huh, for all that ; I JulijJitaJ to .outdo him ilUarMI -.nftaii 1 l..m i-a you by some wild feat of daring, which I knew Emest, with all' his" "high spirit, yould never attempt, but he only laughed at mei Once, I remember, your face grew pale at a momentary danger which I had scorned to fear, and when I saw that, a mad impulse came upon me, and I snatched your hand and pressed my lips upon jit Even then Emest only turned away to hide 6 sqojlc. I saw it though ; I fancied it was a. smile of triumph and- the thought drove me wild. He knew Ms security and mocked my weakness. I felt, too, that your manner grew colder and more distant after that ' One day I came npon you suddenly among the shrubs ; you were looking after the figure of Emest in the distance, and there was sorrow in your face. He is going to leave us," you said. " He joins his ship to-morrow ; and the separation is "a painful one." ' ' I could not keep myone from being bitter; and you looked at me with reproachful wonder as you answered : "Of course. He is my cousin." A wild hope leaped up in my heart then for a moment but it sank" as quickly. I put it down with a strong hand, feeling that it wasmadness. I' could bear this state of things no longer. " I shall leave you, too,'-' I said ; " bat that will be little loss." . . You gave me no answer ; and the ungra ciousness of my speech strode me. But your head was turned away ; £ thought you were still looking after Emest, and I did leave yon. I said no farther good bye to you, but went away silent and miserable, determining to put you out of my thoughts for ever, as if such a thing were in ope's own power. For twelve long months I never saw you ; L hunted, and shot, and fished ; I tramped the country high and low, but I bore about with me always the first panel of my picture ; and nothing could drive out from my dreams the voice of Emc$t ytifh his "No, po, non. pin," which shouiil have been mine. ' I had been rambling for some days amongst the Scottish hills, when the 'fine weather changed to rain-— incessant, heavy ; and I Was kept prisoner at a wretched Jinn, where there was nothing torio'or to see except the fierce splashes " which Jjecft -against the wmdow and ran down it instreams. I asked the waiter if it always rained there, and though Ma gnawer was as comfortiiig as the response of a brother waiter to a similar query — "Na, na, man, : it snaws whiles," yet he took pity -upon my feck less do -nothjiig -condition, and brought in a pile of old newspapers. X turned" them over list-' lessly. You know what1 caught1 my eye ; the wreck of a vessel and the names cf, the lost Lieutenant Emest Haughfon amongst them. I' looked at the date— it was six months back. Forgive me for it, you loiow how "mjr'jtiole heart was still dinging shout you; could I helg'the joy that burst from my lips at that moment? ' I did pot think of Ernest, of death or-qf 'those (yhd mournedhis loss ;' I thought billy Hurt you were free ; and that in the jxis- rible future ' which stretched out" before my eyes, it might be mine to make up to you for a past sorrow. 4 X started in the pouring rain : what did X care for that then ! I never slackened my -need tall I stood once more iii the well-known .and, saw you. Yqu were iq mourning 'noted at itjealondyatfiis flpnkii onthshad sorely beean sufficient .trU "«iyof atriuan;' JButiityJfe: at Von," till yohr;exdIa-." $jfer of dismay,1 made , \I presentee-Drab-' % Nk.fwep f'W ' ' \ J as formerly, I stood' before you, ashamed of myself. .. " If you did butknow," I stammered," " how I have longed to see yon again ; how I have travelled night and day without stopping—" i You broke into my speech, to in east »W I needed rest and refreshment, and tarasthaveit You -did "welcome me — how I blessed you Jor it. ' By and bye you spoke to me of Ernest Haughtou, and I took courage to ask one daring question, which nothing but your good ness could have pronounced: excusable. - : "TelTme one thiiig," X said." Were yon enraged to Emest 1" The words slipped from my. tongue, as -though they, had biwnt it, and you looked nt mc' calmly and answered "No." But then I believed in my secret heart that it was only the word engagement which had been wanting. I hoped, however, from the calmness of your answer, that yon were learning to forget ; I must give you time for that You would have talked on about Ernest, his friends, and the shock his death' had beeiq""hut I changed the subject and avoided it studiously. I wanted him to be far away in the past; mot -Calked 'of, bnUTdigotten.'" "l-teccal oijwlf that X did not care whathe had. been to yon once, now that itwas. all over, and I could not help my jealous "nature, nor the madness that stung me at times when I heard you pronounce his name with — as I fancied — such regretful tenderness. - I curbed down my impatience for a while with the reflection that I must let you :forget him ; and then — remember it — I told my .tale. You seemed touched ; I saw your lips tremble, but no word came from them. Then I went on, following up my own ideas- arid acting upon them.' X said I did not carefor first love — which was false — I wanted you "to give me what yon ccnild ; in time it would be your whole heart, I trusted : and if some pass ing fancy had ever bound you to another, let it be forgotten. So that it was really past, X would never rake up its ashes. You turned to me smiling, and asked me falteringly, "Was I less, exacting than, others, that I promised so readily to be satisfied with a worn out heart I" Satisfied,. no ; X warned you of my -jealous' nature ; but the music of a hundred joy-bells rang in my ears and' stumbled from my tongue as 1 did sa. Vehement and passionate always, I scarcely think the. old fife has "died out of me even yet At that time X might, sorely, in my security, have spoken of yonr cousin, and learnt the depth of your sorrow for him, but I would not The sting which his name held even then terrified me, and I avoided all men tion of liim You seemed, too, so quiet and undisturbed, while the excitement of my new happiness was filling me with exuberant life, that I could : not help at times tormenting myself with the reflection that it was neither new nor strange to you, as it was to me. I did not care much then, however ; X was too happy, and X trusted to time. So that X might be with you, and know (hat you were my promised wife, I could be satisfied. And you had always a welcome for me ; were always ready to listen to my eager plans "Do yiin rmneiulier those summer evenings ? How we lingered in the coppice of Fernwood,. and .saw the sunlight on the mill-stream, ' glancing through the trees, and playing amongst the underwood i How we sat on grassy .knolls and talked, letting the time slip by unheeded, till yon would suddenly start np and say there would be a scolding waiting for yon at home 1 I know about those scoldings, do I not? A grave word of anxiety lest you should have taken cold, or stayed out too long ; for X- was nothaff careful enough' of you. .And do you remember standing with meintheshrubbery on the spot where Ernest - Haughton had parted, from you ; and a momentary fancy came into my head that.you .were thinking of him. But when X looked into yonr quiet, contented facie, lny thought_died before it qould have reached my lips. That was the . eve of our wedding- day. We were married. I cannot think of that time calmly ; even now, when I would put the sterner touches to my picture, the excite ment of that new happiness comes back to bid me pause. "Idiot, that I was ! How came it that; by and by, dark thoughts began to rise up in my heart, and to have a recognised place there, ?. That I looked upon your calm content, and thought;' with a jealous pang, you were not happy with me ; that what you had given me was not love, but the dregs of the warm, heart which had gone down under the waves with' Ernest Haughton. ' I don't know how it came about, but so if was. With a wonderful apti tude for-jself-tonnent, I' raked iup all the cir cumstances, throwing over them the one colour Which distorted my own virion. And there grew np' jt strange coldness between us : I sought after 6olitude, that X might brood .over my thoughts; and if at times you came near, and I caught -the took of wondering sorrow in yonr face,"! stifled. the pang it. gave me. with the counter-thought.- that it was a sorrow to which I could not minister if I would ; a sor row for the. dead. Why did you. bear with meso long and pa-' tientiy,never utteringbne wpinljnf "reproach? Atfiret; indeed, you. used to.arir why X. was moody hndsad, but a'-cold answer; or -a vehe- " 'inimb oneSvbich you did not "understand, sent yqn away silenced. And this mute forbearance only strengthened the idea that X was nothing toyou. Foolish then, ifyou like £ and yet in that folly X was unutterably miserable. Miser able because you were so dear to jne ; because your very presence or the tench of your hand, would send a thrill through every ptdse, and yet T 'coald do: anHnnif'l-A iTKilre yoTT »T: could do riqtiung but indulge "hittay the ' feeling that our marriage was ; a mistake," jaiid. you .did not love. me.. . Whrt wonder.-if.day by- day yoii grew more distant and resefved, and I more <¥>my, .while the bazrier-betWn-iiS strengthened ? Ours was astrange honeymoon, was it not? . :--.J ;'.ji panel 1l ' - - X was sitting over -the. fire moodily, thinking as usual, wondering iow long our - life was te go on thus, and hCw ltwonld end j Waadering back again 1» my vnldayB among the Scotch hills, to the the' tidings that sent me; off? through ;Hie pouriiig' nun in search of yon.' -My hadr ' ms tA door, but when I heard it iqpqn gently, I .knew that you Etop. jnear me "W little roused from its usual pmrioyl" calm" for ypn see fromtiie iryimt you ;jiad |»en; so quiet, and my vehement -nature craved; thrafitii demonratiy . I heard you ?T "" " . . /J- .-''- J i "A strange .thing has happened," you said, "and l have coihe to fell you of it." "Wdl, I aid listening." For a moment you hesitated, and tlien went on. Arid I saw tiiat you held, an open letter in' your hand! " ' " " My Cousin Ernest was not drowned, as we believed. - He and four of the crew were saved;- they have been brought" Off one of the lone islands of the Pacifit," and. are in England." I never moved. Sitting there, with your shadowy presence near me, my wife, X saw in thefire the first panel of mypicture, and heard the voice of Ernest break in .upon the Nuns1" chorus. For yon the sea gave back its dead, and for me what -remained ? ' But Ijcnewthat you expected me to say something, and I spoke, not in congratulation or rejoicing ; I wra not false enough- for thai. - \- " You mnst give yonr cousin a welcome," X saidi- .Ycu.will.be gLadto see hini- — ofepurse he will come here." You did not answer. . I would not raise my face though I was conscious that you .SQUght to rtead-it I could not meet that mournful inquiring look of yours which was wont to fill me with inexpressible tenderness. - . - You . .away rilentiy, - and left mc to my- musing. ;iiiardly loti6w <i-iiatT thonght,"or felt;- or wished" for. The jealous envy which had been' growing up for Ernest dead, changed into dijust and hatred against Ernest- liviimy and 'across "it there came a mockery of gladness in your pleasure at seeing him again. I shunned you less at that time than usnal ; I could Wot keep from following you with my eyes qompassionately, thinking how I was in the way. for. ever, and bnt for me yon might be luqipy, ybu remember ;the day your cousin came. X got np a show of welcome ; though lionised and felii as -the here of the wreck had been, he seemed more intolerable to me than ever. But you were gayer than usual ; at dinner you talked lightly, with a make-believe, as I thought, of happiness before him You were interested in Ms adventures, and drew him I out; I alone sat silent and stupid. Whenyou left us, I, holding open the door for you, ventured to look once into your face. Its gaiety was gone, and a wan, dreary exhaustion had come over it - 1 put my hand over my eyes for a moment; feding that the table with its glasses and decanters reeled before them. As I sat down your cousin cried out with a great outburst : " "What on earth is amiss with Ellen"? She looks like the ghost of herself." < I battled with a quick pain at my heart and made some trivial answer. I hated the sight of his handsome face at my table. " Ellen used, to bear a greatdeal of persecu tion from me," he went on holding -np his glass to the light - " You know I was - going to be married before that last trip, and when the affair was pnt off, I made a sort of scape goat of Nelly, ...and bored her unmercifully. One woman doesn't often hear another praised as patiently as she did, The only time we ever quarrelled was about you, eld fellow." X carried my glass to my lips steadily and put it down . untested, bnt I could not trust my voice to speak. M I dare say she has told you all about it Ursa Major, &c.; You needn't frown about it The feet was I saw which way the wind blew, and couldn't resist the" fun of having some- tiling to tease Nelly about in her turn. I had to be very humble before I got forgiven, and I knew then that Ellen was done for." ' " Will you help yourself ?" I-said, breaking -my silence suddenly. X should have liked to get up and shake hands;with liim, bnt for the thought that it might' be dangerous. ., w No more Arine," -said -Emest "But if you have any place big enough to swing a cat in, where one might make n. brute of oneself with a mild qgaiv— " panel m. X don't know how to paint it You were sitting by the fire in the twilight, and yonr head was bent, with one hand shading your face, and the other holding a book which yqu were not reading.. Were you Diiiil-ir.g then of the days gone by, and wondering at the dark spirit which' had taken possesion of your "husband ? lights and'sbadows fell over your face from the fire, but its expression of sadness never changed. And I, knowing what- Ihad been all this time; thinking of my blundering and folly; seeing.it in its true light: how could I speak to you? .1 don't know .what I said, but I know that the first words of remorse and self -accusation brought your hand to cover my lips . gently and X know, that X was happy then, as 1 had never deserved to be : happy afterwards, even in confessing my madness, and hearing your tales of Ernesfs infatuation about some one else ; in watching the. sorrowful lock pass from your face, and its old brightness come back. " But if it was . about Ernest that I had been so foolish, why did! I always stop you when you spoke of ' him, instead -of Jetting, yon tell hie all?" \- - That as qnc of the "questions I could not answer. . But X should tliin'lr (hat your cousin, Vj&enJhe; caine'intfeom iis; inH/j "cigar, fiSust improver of Ursa-Mqr's tohiper. - yigflecte -again, 'Twnmd my chair? Well, l hayc finished the picture and you may look at it.- - I have had it jn my mind's eye this many a day, and "how it js "done, There is one comfortable reflection about it, namely, if it is'tnie that all men rue md once in their iives,jsnrely my tinjq: is Yon were too gentle , with .me ; you, ishould have called me to .account, instead .of bearing all things so .patiently. Never mind ! we have learnt each ' pther by heart how.- "One's first nntried afiec- tion .may ' be 'fanlty , and vacillating, Uut in spite bif fSjrtSieskwell QesswCUj tjie holy love" 'of 'mamed yeart does but grow-firmer aacf deeper, apd more indispensable as it loses its novelty. . What do you-teay ? - - Lbins SanDj 