M I N 1 N a PLEASANT creek. The Pleasant Creek Quartz Mining Company recommenced operations on the 2nd February, 1863, the result of which to March 13th in clusive, is as follows —On account of Com pany, 1158 tons were crushed, and yielded 2S7 oz3 19 dwts, being within a fraction of a grain of 5 dwts to the ton. They also crushed for the public 100 tons, the amount received for that crushing being L75. The last fortnight's crushing has produced the excellent return of 132 ozs 15 dwts, and the mine looks much more favorable than it has on any previous occasion. I have also much pleasuro to report that anothep new reef has been struck—or at least this is the firm opinion of most of the practical miners of the neighbourhood, though some few say that is is a continuation of the Perthshire or Prendergast's reef, and certainly the stone has precisely, the same appearance; however, let the knowing ones judge—anyway, it is christened as a new reef, namely, " The Prince of Wales," by which.of course you will shrewdly. guess that most of the lucky owners are of that noble order yclept Ancient Britons. The claim is an amalgamated one, and is situ ated north of Prendergast's ; the party crushed II tons the other day, yielding about 23 ozs, being rather more than 2 ozs to thc ton, and the stone they are now raising looks very well'indeed.' 'As soon as about forty tons are raised, Eaudle and Co. will crush again, the ro j suit of which I will send you. Grant and Co. j are atilLraiaing what one of the diggers called " hout and hout stone," (a brother cockney by the way;) while the other claims I noticed in my last communication on digging matters, continue to look exceedingly well; the only two drawbacks—both temporary I trust, to the permanent prosperity of our undoubtedly rich: quartz reefs—are first, wanted more machinery, and second, wanted ks3 law. Warden's Courts, Courts of Mines, and injunctions are still haunting us ; if one could only lay these mise rably obstructive ghosts, and were the money now being expended on law, devoted to bring ing up steam engines, Bailarat itself would soon become jealous of our fame, and be fearful that Ploasaut Creek would win the laurel as being A1 of all the gold fields, as far as its numerous reefs are concerned. The Stawell Prospecting Association have also advertised for men, and it is to be hoped that ere long I shall be able, to report an alluvial ruBh in the neighbourhood. Some Chinese have settled down on Church Hill near Stawell, intending to work the aban doned ground ■ there, and several of the old inhabitants about Stawell tell me, that this was one of the first, if not the first lead discovered, and certainly one of the richest; doubtless the" celestials now camped there will not repent coming, their usual energy and perseverance wiil meet the deserved reward.—Correspondent Ararat Advertiser. NEW RUSH. (Talbot Leader, 81st March.) Though appearances justify the belief that a valuable pice of ground will shortly be deve loped at Gibraltar, we would recommend miners residing at a distance from this district not to be in too great haste, in giving "up a livelihood for what may prove only a patch when tho roughly investigated. "We are warranted in giving this advice: by the fact that the ground about Gibraltat is proverbially patchy, and that from time to time many similar good prospects have been alighted upon without producing much ,beyond. "The ground, being but four miles from Talbot, is mainly occupied by our Kooky Flat miners, of whom there ate about 1000 on the ground, numbers of whom have placed men on wages in their claims on the lead, whilst they are testing the value of the newly, opened ground. So many shafts are therefore in course of sinking, by men accustomed to overcome difficulties in the way, and to treat them lightly, that this work will suffice to deter mine whether the new rush is likely to equal the sanguine expectations of some of the miners or not. Should these shafts bottom with suc cess there will bo every reason to conclude that a new gold-field is opened out. and then there will be ample time for miners from a distance to secure claims. The new ground is situated upen a somewhat narrow flat running parallel to the old Castle maine road, and about one mile to the east of M'Callum's Creek township. About three quarters of a mile above it are the old Gibraltar diggings. The prospectors bottomed at 90 feet, and washed a prospect of 3 dwts of gold out of half a tin dishful of washdirt. About 150 "or 200 yards from this claim, and lower down the j fiat, the Stonewall Jackson Company, from | Rocky Flat, bottomed a shaft at a depth of 60 feet on Saturday morning, and washed a pros pect indicating about 1 oz to the load, as we are credibly informed. In the prospectors' claim the depth of washdirt is something considerable, but in that of the Stonewall Jackson it:is very thin. It is seldom that new ground is so un even, and there is no way at ^present that this peculiarity in the Gibraltar rush can be ac counted for. From time to time efforts have been made to bottom shafts on other portions of the flat where the grouud 1b much deeper, but owing to the strength of the wateiflow the end was not achieved. In one instance a party succeeded in sinking a depth of 150 feet before the water defeated their exertions. It is there fore presumed that the present prospectors are on the reef, and this surmise would appear to" to be borne out by the fact of their ground beiDg quite dry. "Whether or no the deep ground contains gold is a problem that remains to be solved. EANaEBOHOUQH, There have been maDy departures lately for a new rush in the direction of Austin's station, on Rostron's station. Gold is said to have been found there in payable quantities, and rumor further says that a large and extensive goldfield has been opened. I have failed to authenticate the latter statement, but there appears to be some truth iu the first, a party having applied for a prospecting claim. Some lime mustelapso before anything definite is known about the place. The rush near Williamson's station, by last accounts, is not looking well, the prospec tors' return—34 dwts of gold from two load3 of washdirt—proving anything but flattering- At the Malakoff no change has taken place. The bulk ;of our population is there located. The washdirt in many claims is very thick—4 feet and upwards—so that 4 and 5 dwts to the load pays handsomely. One party, opposite Bilton's store, washed 20 loads, obtained in one week, ripldinc St nzs.—Gar. Talbal Leader. ARARAT. The prospector's claim at Cathcarfc promises tu turn out very favorably for the shareholders. On Thursday last the puddling machine was finished and a qantity of washdirfc (from eight to ten load?) passed through on Friday, which gave the handsome yield of one pound weight of gold less three pennyweights; this gold :* very coarse averaging from, a quarter to half on ounce, while one nugget weighed three ounces. The washdirfc is from one foot to three feet thickness, and the men were on Saturday getting into deeper, and in their opinion, more pro mising ground ; the existence of a lead is con sidered established, and if it all partakes of the character of any of those previously opened on Cathcarfc, it is certain to prove very rich. A large parcel of (125 ozs) was sold last week, the result of a crushing from, the claim of Morgan Brothers, the stone giving the handsome yield of three ounces to the ton; this will doubtless give a fresh impetus to the shareholders, who have interests in claims adjoining, as it esta blishes, to a certain (stent, the promising quality of the reef throughout. The Excelsior Company have not obtained 60 much gold this week, owing to the lower drive being still, to some extent, traversed by the reef; they, how ever, state their impression that they will be free from it and again on the course of the lead in a few days, when they expect to attain at least their usual average weekly return. The last machine, which they washed on Saturday, yielded seven ounces. The Victory Company have commenced the removal of the engine which formerly belonged to the All England Company to their own claim, and it is probable that the lapse of seven or eight weeks will see its erection. The manager iB putting down a prospecting shaft for the purpose of finding the exact whereabouts of the deep lead, before he commences to erect the machinery. At the Wild Cat, near the Great Western, there i appears to be yet some remaining good ground worthy the attention of miner*. A party of . two men, who have been employed out there : for some time, now hold a claim, from part of which they have washed as much a? four ounces to the tub. The Prince of-Wales Quartz Mining Company have accepted tenders for raising a quantity of quartz at 20s per ton, soc that they may thoroughly test rs quality. Gold has been found in some of the stone raised from i one of the adjoining claims. i 