SYDNEY SPORTING NEWS. f PUOlt Olfll OVTH COItBESPOSDBNT.) Pydnoy, 1st September. DliAH Hell,— Thla'b'pln; n decidedly 'horsy' week tho advent of some of thollolbournii hook malterp has helped to give nn impetus to sporting matteis, and. as might he expictcl, the Rmd wick Spring Jfecting erigrossed most nttcntion. Tho events most noticed ura tbo Metropolitan Cup, f r which Traveller ncd Turragon are tho favourites, tho former for ohoica; lho Maiden Plato nnd lho Sydney Hatiuicap, for which Kftmo, Gnniliila, and Dcspa'ch nio all lho ao. B^itiug on Viitoriaa oventa ia unaltered, though a Blight disposition is evinced to get on Jljrmon (at long prices) for the Cup. Tho Intercolonial Riming Matcii committee arc nnxbUB thst tho Melbourne match should come off the wook pnyit.us to tho Tuif Club races, to that persona wishing to eeo tho Mel bnurno Cup won by ,^ Sydnoy horeo, rhoclj also Eeo tho nqaatic chMiiplo'naliip cirriei olT by the Sydney crew. Tho prnctice matches for tho selection of tbo rlllemen to compete with lho Victorian team, aro il lU'iol . Tba final selection is not yet derided on, but thsro in 113 doubt that the ton whcao names we already published will bo tho Sydney ninre3tuUtive--. If an alteration. U made, it will bo to substitute Graham's narno for ouc of the o'.hors. Tho opera Feacou nt the Piinco of Wale3 oloscii on Saturday night, Mr. Lyster hnvino; accoiled to the ^enornl request to continue it for another week. Lost nijht tho ' Ilugucuota ' woa produced. Tlio houao wai crowded, nnd, nt the close of tbe fourth act, MadamoEcott, and Mesara. Squires, Fnrquhar Bon, nnd Whnrton were called lufnro tho curtain. To-nl^ht 'Lurl'ne' will bu pre3outed for tho first time this 3cason, Mudainc k'sout sustaining the character cf tho trc.ichtrouH nyuiph- Ou Monday the dramatic pcasnn commences j M^r. Lyslor, determined to avail himself of all tho Ulont procurable, has piina.;od Messrs. .TtfTerson, F. YouaKe, Rogers, F. Lyottr, Miss Hodsun, HIm P. Voun^o, Mrs. King, and n bos: of minor celebrities. Mr. C. Barry is engaged r.s 9ta«o mnuager, and, from the o'licient manner in which he porformod tinnier duties at thu Victoiia aud Lyceum theatres, no effort will be spared iu tiio discharge of his duties. The 'Peep of Day' waa brought ont hb tho Victoria, last nisht, nnl, judging from the enthusiastic, appltius-j, it will have .% good ruu. ilr. Joo Simuiondij, tin veleran mtaaje.-, bus ancceedod Mr. Barry, t.s tlarj. manager; and, it the mann'.r hi which tbo ' Pea]) of Uay' was rnonntod is any crittrin1, Mr. S. la worthy of! the position ho iiccupies. Ia thu ' Peep o£ Day,' ho plnyod Birncy O'To lo as only an artist could. Mr Warner, as Harry Cavonagh, nnd, Mrs. Charles Poolc, aa Kathleen, dLchnrp«l their duties in the wont crcdiiahle uiunnor. The scenery (tho joint production of Messrs Ruble, and Boabury) waj really excoliont. 'The Ghost' makes his first appearance oj Monday night. . Mr. Birch has couio, r.nd opens ni tho School of Arts to-Light. He intend* btajing hero fbr, a month, and will then visit llrisbano. Mr. Goorgo Loder and Miss Emma Neville have given n most successful tertt-a of cntcrtaiu meuta, at Brisban'. Somo poet .s»ya tha wind kisses the waves.' Thnt, we suppose, is the celebrated ' kisi for h blow,' nbont whluh wo have heard so much. The rittNCEsa oi' Walsh.— It is obsorvej that her Hovel Highness tba Princes hm d'u continuol her morning tides, nul from tbia, atul othor circumstances, the happiest au^urlds arc drawn.— Lancet, 13th June. Odt-Yankeed. — After lho bnltlo of Vrc- ' doricksburg » littlo Ynnkoo olllccr was talkins with one uf our Abbimn majors, who stood in that part of the fuld where we bad suffered raott ?evorelj--doad men nnd horeoB, broken cinuon, aud blown up cnissons being all uround him. ' You liurtus powerful bad yesterday ,' tnid tho Ynnko.\ 'Yes,' loplied tho major drily. 'Guess wo hurt you some, too,' rejoined tho Yankee, looking nt the wrecks of humanity str-wn about. 'Didn't kill amau ir a hor«o,' aa!d tho major. Tho little Yankee loiked np at tho thll Cjnfedorata for a moment, tlion nt tha lead men nnd horses on ev.ry tido, and thoa wheeled euddonly round and ivilkvd rapidly away, utterly aatounded at tbe cool niennor lu which tho Alnbamlnn h-d out-Yanl-eed tha Yankoio in dcliborate lying. — Charleston Mtr cury. AMBRtCAN SIlLlTAKY COOKUUT.— Thai nio ssity is the n: other o invntim ii clearly provid by a writer in tho Wostern nruiy. Ha tells ua of an Illinois cavalry rcKiroent, whero overy man is provided with two littlo pockots ia his jacket, ono of which ii for salt nnd thenlhor for p i per. Knrli m n n'io o r lea with h m small sack of two or tbreo pounds ut Hour. 'When tboy camp for tho night, Uia nearest corn-Sold supplies them with thousands of small boko ovens in tbo shape of ocrn.hubks. E»ch man procures an ear of corn with tho husk still on ftj/ the husk is slightly p.rtcd at the top to allow tba Angora to ba inserted ; tbo Oar i9 ttrfated nroapd until It breaks lo.--ee nt the boUoiu, and Is then drawn oat, leaving the busk a olean'and complete cup. In this the flour 13 mixed and seasoned, aild alter cl sing tho top of tho husk again, it b buried In tho hot nshea of tbe oanip fiio for half an hour, after wbich It Is drawn out, aud the charted husk pullo I off, I'ijeltiBing a fiejli hot roll.— Ameiican Puptr, 