/ CONFIRMATION AT CAMDEN. i On Sunday last the Sacrament of Confirmation was administered at St. Paul's Church, Camden. As this was the first time Confirmation was ad ministered at Camden, the occasion was one of more than usual interest, and the approach of the day was looked forward to with considerable, anxiety by the 'Catholic population of Camden and of the ex tensive district by which it is surrounded. A heavy rain having set in on the previous night it was feared that :tbe succeeding day might be wet, Wnich, inde pendently of its other inconveniences, might have tendered it difficult, if not impossible, for some of the candidates and their friends who lived at long distances from Camden to be present. However, aBy forebodings on this head were fortunately not destined to be fulfilled, and Sunday was as delight, fula day as could possibly be desired, the lain ef the -previous evening having cooled the air and im parted an additional, freshness to the appearance of the. country, which, although it has received the benefit of the late. welcome rains, has not yet en tirely recovered from the effects of the severe aud long continued drought. The early masses were celebrated by his Grace the Archbishop, the Very Rev. Dean Rigney and Father Cook, at each of which a large number of persons received Holy Communion. As the hour of .11 approached horses and vehicles of all descrip tions began to arrive from the surrounding districts ; before the commencement of 11 o'clock mass the paddock adjoining the school- house was completely filled with them, while the church was crowded to suffocation and a large number of persons unable to obtain admission were compelled to remain outside the doors. At 11 o'clock his Grace the Arch bishop was conducted to the church by the Very Rev; Dean Rigney, who with Father Cook attended upon him during mass and confirmation, and after having robed in the sacristy, entered the church where mass was said by Father Norbert Quirk. ' After mass his Grace took his seat on a chair in front of the altar and proceeded to address the candidates for the confirmation. He impressed. upon them that the reception of this sacrament enabled them te fulfill the duties of faithful disciples, and should excite within them the emotions of the most lively gratitude for the graces and blessings be stowed upon them. He reminded them that the festival they celebrated that day— the festival of the Most Holy Name of Jesus, who had taken upon him. self human nature, that he might raise them to the dignity of his divine nature, called upon them in a particular manner to dedicate themselves henceforth to his love and service. They received natural light from their parents but supernatural light was be stowed upon them when they became Christians by tbe'meiits of their Divine Saviour. Hehadopenedhis wounds to them as the means of salvation ; and as the baptismal water was the emblem of his blood shed ?upon the cross so as it flowed over them, hisblood was applied to their souls. By the sacraments he had in stituted the meiits of His death and passion were communicated to them. When on the forty days be tween His resurrection aud ascension he spoke with His apostles and communicated to them the mys teries of the kingdom of Heaven, they could not doubt that the sacrament of confirmation was one of the subjects of which He spoke 10 them, and they read afterwards when Peter and John administered the samesacrament to the Samaritans by the/impo sition of hands, and -that they received the Holy Ghost. His Grace then entered into an explanation of the different ceremonies used in the administra tion of the sacrament, with the scripture authorities for them. If by baptism they had received the germs of spiritual life, by confirmation they reached the full development of spiritual manhood. He ex horted them to excite in their inmost souls the de sire to receive the seven-fold gifts of the Holy Spirit. The Apostles/by prayer and retirement, had fitted themselves to become the temples of ,the. Holy Spirit, and thus should they also prepare the sacrament of confirmatien by earnest, fervtnt, and continual prayer. By that sacrament they would become consecrated to God as vessels of the sanctuary, and they should be careful to preserve the graces they received that day, untouched and unpolluted. Let them keep their souls in peace, that precious legacy left them by their Divine Saviour, when he said, ' My peace I leave jou, my peace I. give you, not such as the world giveth do I give unto you, but the peace I give no man shall take from you.' The hymn ' Coaie Holy Ghest send down those beams' was then recited by the Archbishop, and the candidates, 198 in number,' then advanced two and two to receive the sacrament. At the conclusion of- the ceremony the Archbishop said the ' Apostles' Creed, Our Father, , and Hail Mary,',' wh'ch were repeated by those who had re ceived the sacrament, after which he addressed them on the obligations they had incurred by the recep tion of the sacrament, exhorting them to practice self-denial, and to mortify the corrupt inclinations . of human nature, which called for gratification at the expense of duty. The devil often made use of the creatures of God fcr the purpose of temptation, but they must take refuge beneath the standard of the cross, and have recourse to the Lord by daily and fervent prayer — prayer like the dew rain of heaven, brought up things not visible, and if spiri tual life seemed decaying in their hearts, then was iti their. especial duty to pray. He exhorted them not to neglect their morning and evening prayers — to he diligent in frequenting the sacraments — to ap pxoach them once every month as a means of keep ing their supernatural life in its free vigour — let them place themselves under the protection of the Blessed Virgin Mary and St. Joseph — let them imi tate the purity and humility of the mother of God, and avoid the society of all those who might lead them into sin. He exhorted parents to bring up their children in the fear and love of God, not to neglect family prayer and instruction every day, to Bee that their families as well as themselves attended inas's on Sundays, to accompany their children to receive the sacraments and to encourage and strengthen them in all good. He recommended them to the protection of the Blessed Virgin and he trusted that the blessings they had received that day might fructify in their souls and bring forth fruit a hundred fold. The prayer to the Blessed Virgin 'Remember O Most holy 'Virgin Mary'. and others were then recited, which having brought the cere mony to aconclusion, his Grace and the priests who had been engaged in it left the altar. Those who had been confirmed afterwards partook of a plentiful repast laid out for them in the schosl room and the adjoining paddock, a large tent erected in the latter having been kindly lent to Dean Rigney, by P. M'Arthur, Esq. The lunch consisted of cold ham, fowls, beef and mutton, tea and coffee, and a large supply of cakes to follow ; and we need scarcely sav that full iustice was done to the liberal kindness which had prompted the Dean to provide so bandsomly for the wants of his people. The children were waited upon by Messrs. Galvin, Curry, M'Mahon, Lacy and others. The services of the day concluded with vespers and benediction, and renewal of the baptismal vows at three o'clock. 