SIGNS OF THE TIMES IN NEW SOUTH WALES. Under this heading the M. A. Mail of Friday last has.a leading article, in which occurs the following:— _ If we are asked to point out evidences of moral retrogression, of public vice and immorality,we refer to the Thietdom, which rules andjavages th^ neighboring- colony. Such gangs of desperadoes could *not exist in snch triumph were -not the whole populace, directly or indirectly, privy pa the infliction. The^ Sydney press duly contains suggestions from* correspondents for the suppression of bushranging. , Yet bushranging and all the crimes which accompany it are not suppressed. Some of their "suggestions" betray an amount of brutality that could scarcely be surpassed, in con- • oeption or execution, bv tbe greatest ruffian that ever rode in the Aastralian bush. Take the fitllowing -extract from a letter to the Editor pf the S. M. Serald. The correspondent says:— My proposal is that an Act should be passed, condemning every one convicted of robbery under arms, or of such like crimes, to lose a leg by amputation, or by some other quicker and less dangerous operation,,which would render one of their limbs powerless." Among the benefits" (1) which would arise from such a mode of punishment, the writer states—"It wonld tend in a great measure to deter our youths from takiug to the bush, for the risk of mutilation would be too scaring for the most reckless among them to overlook. Even if they did not reform, they would be unable, from being tbus crippled, to rob or hurt any one, although they might still have the will to do so. The keeping aluNratching of criminals treated the way now proposed would, be easy and costless compared with what it now is; and we should seldom or never hear of tbe prison breaking, which is now occurring every other day throughout the colony. The sentences .under such' a mode of punishment can be made much shorter, and the advantages in this respect to the country and to the criminal are too plain io require pointing out. Truly y this is a sublime scheme of secondary punishments—worthy of the enlightened 19th century ! Would any one have thought it possible that a man could sit down and deliberately write such diabolical stuff to the leading journal of New South Wales ? The proposal reduced to plain English (as spoken in Victoria) means that as the police of New South Wales are unable to catch old criminals witli two legs, all young criminals should have one leg lopped off, in order (to use the words of the writer) to render " the keeping and watching of criminals easy and comparatively costless." If the desiderated "Amputation of One L'g Act" were to'become a fact in the New S >uth Wales statute book, we fear that a very large proportion of the population would deserve to lose their title to the appellation of bipeds. " When all Other means fail, let the criminals be crippled;" so says the writer in the Sydney Herald. " A •decisive objection," says the Editor, "against this scheme of amputation i?, that it would convert into a badge of crime one of the most common accidents of battle. When the stores were sent ont to the Crimean war, although hey forgot medical necessaries, they sent out a large '-assortment of wooden legs. Fancy the heroic 'Marquis of Anglesea meeting some liberated convict, and salnting his wooden leg as a companion in misfortune t Wooden legs are the sacred ornaments of the valorous soldier,, and have often assured him the sympathy and relief of his countrymen, even when forgotten by the master whom he served. ^Besides, we have no wish for a new quarrel with America, where thousands and tens of thousands of wooden legs have been appropriated during the past two years as the sole spoils of war P' Eagxb Hawk Cement Comrast.—He retarns for the jnonth"of October'were—from Eagle Hawk reef, 374 tons, yielding 41 ozs 19 cement, 293 tons,-yielding 28 ozs 4 dwts; dwts 5 grs. ; public crushings, 1,019 tons. Amateur Performance.—A meeting of the Chewtonand Golden Point amateur dramatic clubs was held on Thursday night, at the Mount Alexander Hotel, Mr Joseph Woodall in the chair The preliminaries of a performance to take place, for the benefit of Mrs Walmsley (to whom we referred in our issue of Wednesday) was arranged. The pieces selected are-favourites both with. amateurs and the public. A most attractive .feature in .the programme, which will be shortly published, is a musical jerformance by Messrs Balme, Rosevear, and Sunter, who have kindly tendered theirservices. Such a judicious selection has been made of well-tried gentlemen in making the caste, that a histrionic treat may be anticipated. The performance will be under the patronage of the M U LO.O Fellows, and several of the leading men of Cbewton and the neighborhood are lending their influence to'the worthy object in view, which has elicited very considerable public interest The Maldon club also performs for the same.purpose. A vote of thanks to that club for theiroffers of assistance, also the chairman of tbe meeting, and the Secretary of the Chewton club (Mr Charles Pritchard) brought the proceedings to a close.— Mail. The Ghost in Sydney.—We have been terrified, amused, and instructed with spectral illusions at both our theatres since the highly delightful Opera closed. The " Ghost," which is no ghost at all, but some veiy .substantial men and women, reflected by a sheet of plate-; glass, has drawn good houses, particularly to the Victoria, where a very superior kind of spectre was presented to the public. An overpious parson, named Moreton, added zest to the popular enjoyment by writing against the poor apparition, and denouncing it as irreverent. I need hardly say he got laughed at for his zeal, aB, also did » iteverend; Roman Catholic (Mr Curtis), who pronounced a theological philippic against it—the said ghost—from St Mary's pulpit As an apt illustration of this latter gentleman's theory and practice, -it has been gossipped pretty freely iboht, that he has been himBelf miking ^experiments toishow the ghost to the alnmi of Lyndhurst College; where he is professor. The ",Ghost" maintains its interest, .notwithstanding these and other efforts to ex- ionase it—C or, of Xdegrapk. - .-•"- 