Mit. Martin's motion, set down for hearing on Tuesday next — we borrow the phrase jlogy from the learned mover's profession — and Air. Parkes' candidature for East Maitland are indications that somebody wants to come and occupy jointly with his fiiends the treasury bench. The sweets of office are not despised by the most patriotic of those gentlemen who talk so fluently of corrup tion, of the expenditure of the public money with out the authoiisjtion of Parliament, of constitu tional government, of honesty of principle, and the danger of " political coalitions, such as we have lately witnessed," and " which are fraught with serious dangers to the community and which must tend to weaken all attachment to - principle among public men, aud to dissipate all sense of responsibility in those who govern." The quality of patriotism tested by itself and by the profession of those who pretend to its possession is of very poor stuff in this colony. Colonial patriotism has been found rampant in opposition. It has pointed with the finger of scorn at the holes in other men's coats who have occupied enviable positions, but it has failed when in office' to mend the frac tures. Insipidity has almost exhausted itself in attacks on those who have succeeded to any ex tent in governing a country befittingly. Abuse, the easiest weapon to wield, and which is readiest in the way of the most feeble and impotent, can at any moment be levelled at a governing party, but it remains a grave question whether those who stand foremost amongst the " saviours of their country " and tho " annihilators of corrup tion and misrule " are capable of supplanting their foe. The sneers at love of office may tell well with the unthinking masses, but the real question at ssue :s whether the displacement of a ministry is calculated to benefit the people. Alluding to the old Tory party at the time of Queen Caro line's trial, LDrd Brougham says : " There surely must be something in official life as sweet as natural life, -and something peculiarly horrible to statesmen in the bare possibility of political death — else why :-the. pleasing hope, this fond desire, this longing after longevity — or why this dread of dissolution that makes the soul shrink back upon itself? But in one material particular the two kindB of life and death differ. The official's death-be I is not cheered by any hopes of immortality. The world to which he now looks forward is another, hut- not a better world. He knows full sure that, .from the pleasing state of being to which he has been long used, and so fondly clings, he must .instantly, on the great -change taking place, be plunged into the dreary night of a placeless ex istence ; be cast away with other mournful ghosts on the tempest-beaten coast of Opposition, there to wander uncertain of ever being again summoned from that inhospitable shore, or visiting the cheer ful glimpses of the courtly day." By reversing this well-drawn picture of official extinction, a3 much may be said of the Opposition. To escape from that tempest beaten coast the parliamentary -mariner ivill use his utmost effort. Those sweets of life presented by ministerial position are sufficient to tempt the piratical acts of unprincipled adven- lurres. Without any pretensions to the command of party — without which all attempts at Govern ment are afar.ee — we are .presented with the doleful picture of two gentlemen, men of unquestionable ability in particular walks of life, and who might be exceedingly useful at some period of the colony's history, Using their best endeavours to create-a p ditical Sensation, for it has no pretensions to a crisis. Those who have the temper to be amused, may wc-ll be tickled with the idea cither, that Mr. Parkes is iu any way prepared to lead an opposi tion to success, and uiitimately take the seals of office, or that Mr. Martin bus the confidence of any party to be trusted with the position of law adviser to the Crown. All that these gentlemen are capable of accomplishing at the present moment is, tiie procrastination of necessary legis lation. They may embarrass, but they cannot lead. If Mr. Parkes and his new friend, Mr. Martin, were to succeed in getting together suffi cient of the rag-tag and bob-tail of.the House — the mournful ghosts who have no hope for their patriotism, because so weak and transparent — if we say such a ragged regiment could be mus tered, cui bono ? AAre think too well of Mr. Parkes to imagine for a moment he has sought the honour of a representative in order to be bought off, but to what good end can his candidature tend. Whatever may be its issue — and it is not known to us at the time we write — the step he has taken is a false one. His time, bus not come. No greater error has occurred to men of genius than their obtrusion into political life at an inopportune time ; and no greater indication of judgment has been shown by men in all walks of life than their occupation of position at the hour their services were useful and acceptable. Mr. Parkes has committed -the -error of re-entering the arena of politics at the very moment and on the very occasion when he should have remained in his humble uiiobtiusiveness. He went forth to chal lenge, as Mr. Martin is about tochalleuge, public confidence in the .Ministry.'- If the verdict be for him it will not meet with a general acceptance on the false issue he has -raised. AAre have little to say about Mr. Martin aud bis resolution. Men of his calibre, cursed with his eloquence — cursed we say because good gifts -are curses in the hands of those who do not know, or will not know, how properly to apply them— are passingly dangerous ; 'bflt the antidote follows quickly on the poison. Not one, even amongst the most unthinking of the Assembly, we should suppose will be found to rally under such a banner. Amongst the mournful ghosts — he seems to he the most mournful. He would quit at all cost the tempest-beaten coast of opposition, and once more visit the cheerful glimpses of the courtly day. Is that to be per mitted ? 