TOWN TALK. ' A meeting of tlie inlmbitnnfs of Fitzroy was held yesterday evening, in tlio iVntiohul.IInll, for the purpose of enabling tliom to express their sympathy with the Governor. The attendance nt the commencement of the nroceedincs was very small, not more than seventy persons being present ; but townrds the close, tiie room, which is cnpnblc of holding from 300 to 400 persons, was, crowded. The greatest unanimity was displayed by the i audience, though the first speaker was frequently interrupted by a' drunken man who, after disregarding repeated warnings, ensconced .himself on the platform, nnd hnd at length to be summarily ejected. The first reso lution, expressing the loyalty of the meeting to the Queen and its sympathy with the Goveruor, reprobating the conduct of the Ministry, and trusting that the Governor would continue in office, was proposed by the Rev. J. Turner, nnd seconded by Mr. \\\\\ Rico. It evoked no dis cussion, and was carried without a dissentient voice. The second resolution asserted that the Ministry had introduced the Governor's Salary Reduction Bill as a punishment to 1 lis Excel lency, nnd not as a measure of economy. It was moved by Mr. J. W. Randall, who severely commented .on the conduct of the Chief- Secretary; and caused . some merriment by the pecu'iar manner in which he pronounced that ; gentleman's name. . The resolution was seconded by Mr. Wolstenholme. An amendment was moved by Mr. j. M; Bolnnd, disapproving of- the attack made on the Ministry; but when the meeting ascertained its purport, they | declined to listen to him, nnd the chairman requested him to withdraw. Mr. lloland , however, stood his ground for some time, but. the uproar and tumult be came so overpowering: that ho had no resource but to retire. The amendment found a seconder in a gentleman unmcd. Schneider, but lie was Bunn . wnrcn . tlinn Xfp- Hnlntwl In viiin lie asserted his right to speak, and pointed out the propriety of permitting free discussion —the meeting absolutely refused to hear him. He persisted, 'however, nnd for five minutes lie kept flourishing his arms in a threatening atti tude, but not a syllable of his address could lie heard even - hy thoso standing clo3e to him. Eventually ho retired, 'Mid- the resolution was carried. Sir. Garner moved the last resolution, to the effect that a memorial should be presented through His Excellency to the Duke of New castle, requesting that Sir Hcniy Burkly's resignation should tiot bc;nceepted. This reso lution was also carried,' audi the assemblage dis persed. i i In the Government Gazette of the 19th of December last,' it was notified that no further deports under the Immigration ! regulations would .be received. Tlii3 order has since been rescinded, nnd'by a notice , in the Gazette of last' ercniug, it appears that implications for passages under, the regulations will be received and dealt with as heretofore at the offices of the assistant immigration agents', receivers and nnvmnstnrs throughout the colony, and postmasters at Kil- morc and ICyneton. The Bailaarnt Star of yesterday gives the fol lowing farther particulars of 'the fire nt Mount Bolton: — " Oh Wednesday afternoon an alarming, fire broke out in a barn belonging to Mr. Iliggins, of Mount Bolton, which resulted in the lots oflife, and the destruction of property valued at or about 1.309. It nppcars that same chiklren who were nt play found n box of matches in one of the labourer's beds in the barn, when one of, titcm lighted n match, nnd by some means or other the burning match came in contact with either the bedding or the building, nnd in a short timetho place was i in n blaze.' The fire next seized on n stack of straw, and thence, aided by t':o strong wind; that was blowing, spread to uiu jiujguuuurmg - < auu uiu luuCIl damage. Several , fanners and their la bourers did whr.t they could to stay the progress, of. the fire, hut tlicir efforts wcro futile; as it could not ho stopped. until it reached the creek. One of the children who was in the barn, a little girl two years of ege. named Mou- teith, was burnt to a cinder. When the body was discovered, the parents of the deceased with difficulty could recognise it. An inquest was to have been held on the body loii Thursday, by Dr. Creelman, the Lcarmontli coroner. Annong the sufferers is a Mrs. Jenkins, who had three ncres of wheat destroyed, a stackyard, a quantity of fencing, some outhouses, together with farming implements nitd six pigs. ' Several members of the Lexton Road Board exerted themselves in a very Inudnblo maimer to slay the progress of the flames, among whom were'Messrs. Mention and Hunter. ..The fjnndi'hlgs Council hold their first meeting last night after the Clir.'simns recess. There was a. full attendance of member.-, and the ordi nary amount of business in "connection with municipal matters transacted. The Willinmstown Rniltrny appears to be gain'ng an: unenviable notoriety for accidents. On Wednesday evening a collision occurred at the Williamstowu terminus between a passen ger and n goods train, and tlir.ee passengers were inj'ured, though not seriously hurt. The 'accident nppenrs to have arisen front a good3 train nt the pier having bean shunted oil to the ilown lino in mistake. Shortly after leaving the lower station, it was run into by the 10.3 p.m. trnin from Mellioitrnc. . ' ' ..Wd understand that, in accordance with the vote of the Legislative Assembly the expenses of tho coloulnl steam sloop Victor! i will lie at once reduced, niid that consequently the duties f two i or three "of tlie '.officers will lie ninnlgnmn'cd at' | reduced pay,' mid the number of .the crew, which now consists of nearly ninety men, will be. les sened. " , , 1 Wo arc in receipt of a copy of a work recently published, entitled " Tlie Gpldilelds of Victoria." It consists of a series of letters' which appeared some time since in the columns of n contem porary, nnd, tnkon'ns a whole, Is a very nceurnto review of the present condition of our gohlfichls. The work is well 'printed and got up, and -will, no doubt, be welcomed, especially by the mining community. , The new gardens .of the. Victorian Horticul tural Society were again open to tho public yesterday, mid the exhibits submitted for com petition on the previous day remained on view. The small number of visitors' who attended was doubtless owing to tlie fact that the day not being a general holiday, few persons had an opportunity of tnkhig ndvnntnge of the occasion. Tlie flowers which were exhibited yesterday, appeared to be considerably tlie worse for remain-' ing in the pavilion,, and the fruit hnd also suffered to sonic extent. The gardens through out the day presented a very quiet appearance, which was unrelieved by any floral ljcnuty in connection with' tlie grounds themselves, and by contrast, the first day's exhibition was quite a. lively nfl'air. In tlie hurry cf preparing prize- lists, some of the articles sent for exhibition were omitted from yesterday's report. These wero forwarded for exhibition only, and consisted of the following: — A nice specimen of hydrangea, from Mr. Kennedy, of Hawthorn ; two wnrdinn cans of ferns, from Mr. Scott, nurseryman, of Hawthorn ; and nn excellent collection of fuchins and other plants from tlie snmo exhibitor. Amongst them was n fine specimen of russelia jtincen, a valuable col lection of conifers mid tnxnd, contributed by Mr. Rule, of Richmond, amongst which were spcrimens of dncrydium cxcolsum, tnxodiuni sempcrvirons, dnnmra bidwcllii, dncrydium on-, prcssinum, and several varieties of cuprcssus. Mr. Rale also contributed several good ferns. The only nddition.inndc to the exhibition yester day was a handsome tnble bouquet of roses, from the garden of Mi. D. Johnston, of St. Kildn. Mr. tV. C. Smith, requests the Balianrat Star to state that -ho did not, at the late meeting of the Scarsdale Extended Company, state that lie should resign his seat in the Legislative Assembly because of the proceedings nt tlie meeting in tiie Mechanics' Institute. He announced Ids inten tion to resign, an Intention previously announced to; private friends, and pointed to tho action of the meeting at tlie Mechanics' Institute. as nn instance of the reward a public man might expect for his services. . The second act of the Gentlemen nnd Players Match-was played out yesterday on the Mel bourne ground, and the conclusion has been reserved for this afternoon. Tlie Gcutlemcn hnvc;inade hut little stand in their. seconiLin- nings, for though the play was scarcely extended over two hoursyestcrday, niaewicketi have been disposed of for 71 runs. If M'Donald and Conway howl as well as they did on Thursday, and tlie field exert themselves .as they then did, flirt mnfnli lin n unnir nlrtrn nun 'Pl.Io n noon it is expected ,'t.imt the ground will be crowded. John: oil's splcudid baud wiil perform a selection of music. A large, marquee, 201) feet in length, lias been put up on the south side of the ground, for tho nccoiumudation of lady visi tors, nnd n second one has been erected wilhiu the pavilion enclosure, devoted for the use of members of the club and their ladies. Seats will also lie provided nil round the ground. With these arrangements which have liceu made, . it is . expected that . a Inrge number -.of persons, will avail themselves of tlie opportunity of. witnessing the close of this fine match, and at the same time of enjoying a promenade whilst listening to tlio strains of tlie best brass band in tlie colony. Tlie game will bo commenced as near as possible to twelve o'clock, and should tho match lie brought to a close nt an early hour, n single wicket match will lie played by four against four representing tlie Melbourne nnd Richmond clubs. Carriages' and horses wilt be admitted within tlie paddock gates on payment of the usual fee. On tlie Richmond ground n match .will be played between tlie Second Eleven .of Richmond and . the Windsor. Tiie former' team will be chosen from tlie following :— Gillow (captain), Aiuslie, Johnson, Wilson, Nic.ho's, lietliei'iugton, Sliicls, Downs, M'Kenzio, Ilickling, Rainy, Bonnr, Luke, Henderson, and M'Combc. The Essendon play a match on their own ground against the Royal Park, while the Ilotham anil Oxford second elevens will also meet to try conclusions in the same locality. ,A meeting of the Matcli Committee was held in the pavilion of the Melbourne Cricket Club yesterday afternoon,, when -..the following tciini was selected to represent' -ids colony in the Intercolonial 'Match." Should' iill tiie players clecteilaeeept the honour .which 'has beotT con ferred upon them, it-wlli ba the' best cloven that has as yet wielded tlio willow ill honour of the colony- of Victoria :— Buttcrworth, Conway, Cosstick, Greevcs, II uddleston, Leech, Marshall, Redfern, Sweeney, Wardili, Wills ; umpire, J. H. Smith; scorer, C. HipwcH. ' On New Year's Day n> match, was played, nt Gceloug, between the Sir Henry Bnrkiy nnd tho Gccionc Criterion chilis, which, had it Wn played out, would probably havo resulted in a victory for tlie former.' In their first innings they scored 150, of which Bnrrass iiiado 07 hnd not out. The only otlier' double figure being- tliat obtained -by Grew. Rippon 30, and not out, wasHhc highest score on the other side; nnd, ' in flict, tho onlyone who got .two figures opposite to' his name. . The .total score, of the Criterion was only 00. -In the second inuings the scores were -14 and 55 respectively. . At the .East Collingwood Police Court, yes terday, John Stjipley was charged with com mitting n violent assault upon a man named. Durhnm, but as the prosecutor was not nblo to f appear in consequence of tiie injuries he had received, tlie defendant was remanded till Tues day. bail brim ncccnti.il foe 1.1a „„ tliat day. Jnit)C3 Read, an inebriate, was dis charged with a caution. John Carr, for using had language iu-tlie pub iestrecis towards Chris- . tophcr B ollinc, was lined -:0i nail 25 i costs. Mr. : J. Edwards, juii., appeared fur tlie complainant, j A man, named Joint . Reason, was charged with ; stealing fruit from tlio garden of Mr, Vredk. Coutt, n gentleman residing nt East Coiliugweod. ihooflimeo was proved, and the prisoner was fined L5; or, in default, to be imprisoned for one month witli hard labour. He was locked sip.— John Pattern appeared in nnswer to a summons, charging hhn .with using threatening language towards Mr. Thos. Greenwood. It appeared that the defendant was nn applicant' for some municipal office, for tlie doodcrisntion of manure, nnd that in.thc course of the discussion on tlie subject, which' took place in tiie Council Cham ber, Mr. Greenwood, in his capacity ofn councillor, expressed himself in n manner which the de fendant considered opposed to his interests. In conscqucueo of this when tlio meeting was over tlie defendant followed .the complainant into the street, and went so far as to threaten to inke his life. Tlie Bench ordered the defendant to find two sureties of L10 ciicli, hiid lie himself bound over in tlie sum of L20 to' keep tlio peace for a period of three months. The. magistrate oa the bench were Messrs. . G.- Barker and G. B. Ilailes. ... . . \- Tlio children placed under the care of (he Pro testant Orphan Asylum were treated, .yesterday, to a plc-nic in tho Survey Paddock, and, If ap pearances arc to ho taken as a guide, tlie day . was one of intense, enjoyment for the little people. Very early in .the morning, the. cliilr dren, accompanied by tlie principals of the institution nnd their assistants, arrived in the paddock, and the juveniles soon made them- .1 selves at home in the locality which had been chosen for the day's recreation. Tlio time placed at their disposal was devoted on the part of the boys to cricket nnd oilier com petitive sports, nnd tlie girls, also, were nt no loss ' for amusement. Both classes of children were assisted in their sports by their instructors, nnd the occasion will long he remembered by the young people with - feelings of satisfaction. The general appearance . of tlio children was highly satisfactory, and their manners would serve as a pattern to ninny juveniles who linve been placed by fortune in more advantageous circumstances. There was nn almost total absence of anything like conten tion, and the angry passions of the children were never once roused, even in tlie periods of high excitement prod need hy the contest for su- . . pcriorily, which the nnturc of their sports ren dered necessary. The festival was without doubt one of the most gratifying we have ever . wnnesseu. At tlie weekly mcoting.of the executive com mittee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, the superintendent made the following return : — Number of inmates in tlio Homo, as reported last week, 534; admitted since, 62; ' persons who have received cut-door relief, 2t; total relieved, C20; discharged ' from the' Home during the. week, 60; total nt present remain- ' ing, 546; consisting of children chargeable to tiie Government, 304; cases cbargcublc to tkt society, 242. ; Tlio Albion Company, Bnllnarat, on Wed nesday, hnd a dividend of L40 per share, after deducting nearly L2000 for expenses. The Balianrat Star says: — "This is the t first dividend the company has had since the . swamping out about twelve montlis ago, when the dividend was L10 per share. The altered state of affairs in the beginning of the new year lnis, no doubt, gladdened the. hearts of the shareholders." . An inquest was commenced at Smdridge, yesterday, by Dr. Youl; on tlie body of the Chinese steward of. the American ship Kate .Hooper, which, it will he remembered, was ' destroyed by fire' early oh Monday morning. Deceased appeared lo have been subjected to punishment on board, and it was generally believed that lie had revenged himself by-setting fire to' tho" ship, after which ho jumped- overboard, and was drowned. Tlie body was not recovered until Thursday night. Great- interest was taken in tho proceedings before the coroner by country men of the deceased, who allege that he com mitted suicide in consequence of tlie brutal treat ment to which lie was subjected by ihe officers of- tlie ship. It appears, he i was so mortified that lie cut off his own tail. The evidence of the witnesses examined will be found in another column. The inquest wos.ndjourned until Mon- dny, when the depositions of the ship's officers wi|l ho taken. . Messrs. Bunny, Van Heinert, nnd M'Kenzie, disposed of three trivial summons cases nt the ' " St; Kildn Court, yesterday. ' Thera were only. ; two police charges, the one' against Richnrtl Huskin, for being drunk mid illegally on the premises of Sydney R.'Robertson; nnd tlie other against Martha Southgnte forsvilfu'lv breaking windows, the property of John Knox. A fine- of 5s wns inflicted m each case. An inquest was hold bj Dr. Candler at the . < Ynrrn Bend Lunntie Asylum, yesterday, on tins body of a patient named -David . Williams, who ' died suddenly on the 31st inst. Deceased was 34 years of age, nnd was admitted to the asylum on the 12th April, 1858. Within the. last few weeks lie imd been treated for disease of the lungs, hut ho snnk into a low state, nnd never rallied. From tlio post luorteiii examination which wns made, it appenrcd Hint the lungs were thickly studded with tubercles, wh'ieh, in mnny cases, hnd given riso to tlie breaking down of the luiig substance, and the formatiou of cavities. Tiie jury returned h verdict of "died from pul monary consumption." At the Willlamstown Polico Court, yesterday, P. T. Wuppor, mnstcr of tlie Mnilrns, from Hamburgh, was prosecuted by Jas. Macfarlnuc, . Government Emigration Officer, for a brcne.li ot the Colonial Passenger Act. . Tlie proceedings were instituted under the 5th clause of the 'above act, for having four berths of less dimensions than those required by law. Tlio ease was fully proved, and the defendant wns iinml T.ofl hnd costs of court. At tlio City Court, yesterday, Robert Cnmm and James Watson were committed for . trial fur stealing several articles of 'jewellery from a house in Roli'e street,' St. kilda,. .during the month of December last. The stolcu articles had been offered for sale by tlie prisoners; which assisted to lead to. their recovery. Ann Lyneli wiis. committed for trial on a clinrgo of stealing" same money from n. labouring mnu named. Holmes. Daniel Norton was charged with stealing nn emu egg, mounted with silver, which was found in his possession. As no owner had been found for the property, the prisoner has been remanded for seven days. ' Eheatum. — Wo regret that, in onr issuo of Wednesday last, an error occurred in the namo of a new insolvent, wlneh may hare caused soino inconvenienco to one of the parties inter ested. The name, as it appeared in our issue win , "John Gordon, of Tarndvl, provision merchant," oto. ' It" should -have been James Kirk, of Taradale, farmer. Mr. Gnrden, it appeared; made an affidavit in connection with ' tlio estate. This affidavit was attached to tho schedule, and- through some misapprehension oti tlio part of oar reportor the mistake occurred. jA Ghost Stout.— At the Police Court on 8a turd sy, Anethony M'G-ee, a farm labourer, ' was charged by Constable Giidbin with vagrancy. It appeared that oh liriday night tlio prisoner was found in the polico inolosure, near tlio stables. On being asked to -give nil account of himself, , ho said that ho wishod to bo taken into custody, as lie was. , -folio wed by a gbpst, .which would not give him rest. Tho . prisoner epoho raoro liko a lunutio than a person in tho possession of 'his senses. Ho slated ho had been working at M'Beau's. Ho was in the habit of taking strychnine in lsrgo nnd small quantities. When ho took a largo quantity it "mado: liim etifl"." It whs the ghost of a woman that followed him ; ho hnd lint murdorod her ; her body was dead, but her gouI was living on the /"vlli. Nothing could bo made out of o ho remanded till Mondav. -e 381 No. 1 15 03 charged.—. TCi/itelon Olst, — .. 