ENGLISH EXTRACTS. 3 Tins Security from AIolencr Bill This bill, as amended amid so much discussion on Wednesday, after a preamble referring to sees. 21 and 43 of the Act 23 and 25 Vic, chap. DO, and stating that they are insufficient to deter from crimes of violence, provides as follows:?" Where any person is convicted of a crime under either of the said sections, the court before whom he is convicted may, in addition to or in substitution for the punishment awarded by the said sections or any part thereof, direct that the offender; if a male, be once, twice, or thrice privately whipped, subject to the following provisions: 21\. That in the case of an offender whose age does not exceed sixteen years, the number of strokes at each whipping do not exceed twenty-five, and the instrument used shall be a birch rod. 2. That in the case of any other male offender the number of strokes do not exceed fifty at each such whipping. -3. That in each case the court in its sentence shall specify the number of strokes to be inflicted, and the instrument to be used, provided that in no case shall such whipping take place after the expiration of six months from the passing of the sentence Daily News, May 9. Sad Affair. The Levant Herald, of the 11th of May, contains the report of a disastrous fire which occurred at the house of Dr. Galati, a Greek physician at Pera, on the 3rd. The fire was first perceived by Dr Galati himself, and he instantly gave the alarm, which enabled his mother- in-law and two brothers-in-law to escape. The native servants escaped by the roof without assisting the others, but before Dr. Galati himself, his wife, an English nursery governess, and two sisters-in-law, who all slept on the third floor, could do so, the flames had reached the lobby and prevented egress to the roof. In this emergency the nursery governess caught up the child that slept with her, and, wrapping a counterpane round stand herself, she jumped out of the window into the crowd which had by this time gathered in the paved court below. An Ionian attempted to catch her but his arm was broken by the shock, and the poor girl and her burden fell with nearly the full momentum of their weight upon the flags. Her arm and skull were badly fractured, and the child was killed on the spot. In the meantime, Dr. Galati endeavored to induce his wife to escape with a second children infant three months old by being lowered out of the window. by means of a rope of bed shoots. She, how- ever, appears to have induced him to precede her by this means of escape, but he had hardly got clear of the window-sill, whom, either she proving unable to bear the weight, or ho to hold on his hands, face, and foot having been greatly burned he fell head foremost to the ground. The child was killed instantly, and the skull and arms of Dr, Galati himself terribly fractured. Seeing this from the window and driven by the flames, which were now visible behind her even to the crowd below, Mrs. Galati. throw herself into the court, and falling without break of any kind on the stones, was, like her children, killed on the spot. The charred remains of the two sisters-in- law were afterwards found in the ruins. The Wellington Statue at Liverpool.? The monument and statue erected at Liverpool by public subscription, having been at last completed, was inaugurated on the afternoon of Saturday last in the presence of some 30,000 or 40,000 persons. The monument is situated in the magnificent open place, one side of which is formed by the principal facade of St. George's Hall, and it will form a most interesting feature amongst the architectural attractions of the town. It was designed by Mr. Lawson, of Edinburgh, and the statue by his brother, a pupil of" Mr. Adams, of London, both costing about £5000. About 2000 volunteers, commanded by Colonel Sir J. Jones, K.C.B-, were grouped in the vicinity of the monument, which was formally handed over to the Mayor by Mr. John Torr, the secretary of the monument committee, who explained the reasons which had delayed its completion. Sir Wm. Brown, Baronet, then delivered a brief address on the career of the great duke, and Mr. Councillor Aspinall and Mr. T. Edward Moss also addressed the company. When the statue was uncovered, a salute of nineteen guns was fired, the bands of the various volunteer corps struck up a martial air, and the vast multitude gave three hearty cheers. Daily Telegraph, May 18. Transportation to rub Colonies The 4\. and N. Z, Gazette says We regret very much that a misunderstanding, to use no stronger term, has occurred between two colonists of high position on a question on which it is desirable that all the colonial interests should be firmly united. From near future, which has been forwarded to us? but, as it relates to a private matter, is hardly of sufficient interest to readers in this country, although it undoubtedly will be to those in the colonies, and scarcely comes within our province to publishers gather that this misunderstanding has arisen from the publication of a private letter, dated the 19th December, from Sir Daniel Cooper, in the Sydney Empire, in which Sir Charles Nicholson, Sir S. A. Donaldson, Mr. Justice Therry, Sir W. Barton, and others are " stated to rather encourage a penal settlement at Port Essington," and the colonists are urged to take alarm and resist such establishments. Such a charge would of course produce great excitement in the colonies, and these gentleman come in for no small abuse or. the authority of this statement. Sir S. A. Donaldson at once seems to have taken up the question rather warmly. He denies the truth of the allegation, and in coals, as he can do with justice, to his previous exertions against the revival of transportation as an ample proof of the mistake under which Sir D. Cooper has labored. The replies of the latter, we must con fuss, we do not understand. We can not tell whether he seeks to justify the oppression complained of but he certainly does not withdraw it, which we greatly regret on public grounds, for at a time when great pressure is being brought to bear on the Imperial Government to establish penal settlements in the north of Australia, it is most desirable that there should be no intestine division amongst those who represent the colonies here. Ghosts are not usually much talked of in Remo, but there is a story just now that the steps and corridors of St. Peter's, and the arcades on the sides of the sacristy towards Santa Marta, are haunted by a recently de- funct canon of the church, named Astocchi, who appears, with breviary in limit, And mutters his prayer in the midnight oil',' to the great consternation of the Papal gendarmes and French sentries, who mount guard every night around the Vatican Basilica. The canonicals said also to have paid startling midnight visits to some of his brethren in the chapter, requesting the aid of their prayers. Parties of credulous and incredulous persons watch for the ghost of a respectful distance; some say they have seen him, and some not; but it is now stated that he will walk no more on earth, as the Pope, informed of his restlessness, hnscolcbrntcd an especial mass for the eternal rest of his soul. The dog show at the Jardin d Acclimate tion, Paris, has proved a decided success, as many as 30.000 persons having visited it in one day. The number of dogs exhibited Is So); among them are 11 French packs of hounds, and by their side the Duke of Beau lent's splendid dogs. The animals are placed in large sheds, and can be examined without difficulty Home News. The first public not of the Queen after her bereavement has been a characteristic one. On the 8th of May she paid a long visit to the military hospital at Netley, the foundation stone of of which she and the Prince Consort laid nearly seven years ago. The Prince Consort always took a great interest in this hospital, and frequently visited it. He was very anxious to have a military hospital worthy of the nation, and fitted for the brave soldiers whose health has failed in foreign service. Her Majesty participated in these wishes, and her visit so soon after the opening of the hospital shows how much she has at heart the carrying out the Prince's views for the welfare of the soldier. On Friday morning, the 8th May, the commandant of Notley, Colonel Wilbraham, received notice from Osborne, that the Queen would visit the hospital in the afternoon. Instructions were sent, however, to make the visit perfectly private, and consequently every step was taken to secure this. No orders were issued till two o'clock, and it was not till just before arrival that the news of the Queen's visit spread through the hospital. The Queen arrived at half-past three, accompanied by Prince Alfred and the Prince and' Princess Louis. She was received on landing by all the hospital staff. Her Majesty expressed a wish to visit first the foundation stone She stayed here a few minutes, but it was evidently a painful reminiscence. She bore it, however, firmly and then entered the hospital. It was intended to take her only into three or four of the wards to show her the arrangements; but she stated she wished to go into all the wards. On being told that there were no less than 99 wards, she said she would then visit as many as she could, and she did actually enter a very great number. In the first ward into which she went, a Victoria Cross man from India was lying very ill in bed. She immediately went up to him, addressed him most kindly, and sent for Dr. Maclean, the officer in charge of the division, to tell her about his state. She continued this in every ward into which she entered. Whenever she saw a man very ill, she walked up to his bed side, spoke to him, inquired about him from Professor Long- more or Dr. Maclean, and showed the greatest interest in his case. In one ward an incident occurred which affected those who word present. An old soldier from India lay nearly at the point of death. After the Queen had spoken to him, he said, " I thank God that he has allowed me to live long enough to see your Majesty with my own eyes." The Queen and the Prince Alice were both touched by this speech, which came from the very heart of the dying man. The aspect of the whole hospital was, indeed, extremely touching. It is now almost filled with the Indian invalids, splendid old soldiers, boarded and bronzed; many of them magnificent men of the ant Crimean class. They thronged the corridors, drawn up in lines, and absolutely devoured their Queen with their eyes. She kept bowing to them as she walked along, making inquiries about the arrangements of the hospital from Colonel Wilbraham and Inspector-General Anderson. After- looking at the chapel, bath- room, and kitchen, she expressed a wish to see the rooms of the Army Medical School, and accordingly visited the library, museum, lecture-room, laboratory, and microscopical room. At each place the professors were sent for to explain the arrangements. She then went into the quarters of the married soldiers. It had been rather wished that she should not see these, as, owing to recent opening of the hospital, it has not been possible to arrange so comfortably us could be desired for the great number of soldiers' wives who have recently arrived with their sick husbands. However, the Queen said she desired to go, died on cordingly she went into most of the rooms. Both she and the Princess Alice spoke to several of the women, and inquired after their comfort. This was the only part of the hos- pital which did not satisfy her; but it was explained to her that the present arrangements were only temporary. The Queen then re- embarked, after spending nearly two hours in the hospital. The day was beautiful, the sky was cloudless, and nothing could be more cheerful than the look of the hospital grounds. Everybody connected with the institution was, of course, most highly gratified, not merely with the honor of the visit, but with the way, at once so thoroughly royal and womanly, in which she had shown her interest in her sick soldiers. The Queen's no apearance was deeply interesting. AV hon she is silent her face is sad, and bears the marks of a heartfelt and abiding sorrow. Her smile is, however, as gracious as ever, and her voice, though low and very gentle, has all its old sweetness and clearness. She did not seem fatigued with her long walks through the hospital, though she must have gone over several miles of ground, and many stairs to mount. So carefully had the news of her visit been concealed, that there was scarcely any one to see her except the inmates of the hospital and the workmen still engaged here, and their wives and children she Lancet. English Synod won the United Press Teheran Church at the Synod of the United Presbyterian Church, which closed its annual sittings in Edinburgh last week, the Rev. Mr Scott, of Manchester, read a report by the committee appointed last year, on the subject of a provincial Synod for England. The committee cordially recommended the formation of the synod; that its designation should be English Synod of the United Presbyterian Church;" that it should be subordinate to the General Synod of the United Presbyterian Church; that it should present an annual report of its proceedings to that Synod; that the first meeting be hold at Liverpool, on Monday, the 12th of October, 1893; and that the moderator of the United, Presbyterian Synod, the " Rev. Alexander Young, of Logiualniond, in the Presbytery of Perth, by requested to preach the opening sermon, and constitute the now synod, which will probably hold its sitting in the United Presbyterian Church, Mount Pleasant, in this town. A " Drawing-Room " Picture The whole affair was miserable; and there is no misery like splendid misery. To begin with the royal lady herself, who so worthily represented the Queen on the occasion." For four mortal hours did the unceasing stream of feathers, diamonds, and trains flaunt and flatter past her. Courtesy had to be rendered for courtesy, and bow for bow, till exhausted nature could hardly support a weariness that almost amounted to torture, and at one time the doors were closed in order to give the overtasked Princess a few moments of repose and refreshment. It is impossible to doubt that, gratifying as such a display of good feeling must have been to the Princess, she was obliged to purchase it by an amount of patient endurance which it is cruel to demand from any lady, and especially from one so young and so fair. Let us turn from the Princess to the ladies who passed before her. They had not the reasonable gratification of displaying their beauty and the splendour of their dress and jewels before the eyes of that sex who they may not unreasonably wish to please. A notice only too well founded on the necessity of the case, forbad the ntton choice of gentlemen at the drawing-room, and the ladies had only the poor consolation of showing their good looks, their line dresses, and their jewels to each other. Besides this mortification to n harmless vanity, the ornaments of the English Court were subjected to more substantial grievances Many ladies remained in their carriages for six hours, being jerked along at the rate of two or three yards at a time until at last, they attained, jaded, worn out, and dispirited, the privilege of being admitted to a pun to wait, under genteel coercion, perhaps, for an hour or two longer. Times. The Military Scandal Again The case of Liuiitunanl-Coleinel Dickson against Earl "Wilton, the Earl of Combermere, and General Peel, again came under the notice of of the Court of Queen's Bench, on May 5. Colonel Dickson, it seems, is proceeding with an action, against the defendants for a conspiracy to remove him from his command. In preparing for the trial certain interrogatories have been put to General Peel in reference to some of his proceedings while Secretary for J Ward as to Colonel Dickson, These inform-' gatorius had been disallowed by Mr. Justice Wightmagat chambers. An application was now made for a rule calling upon General Peel to show cause why the interrogatories should not be allowed. The court granted a rule, but ordered one of the interrogatories to be modified. On May 8, the Attorney- General argued against the rule at considerable length. After hearing the arguments on both sides, the court decided to make the rule absolute, on the understanding that two of the interrogatories should be modified. A Child's Idea of Death An infant Jupiter (for lie exactly resembles that figure;' by Reynolds), two years old last February, walking out with his maid over the church- yard yesterday, met the corpses of two little children on their progress to the grave. The dear infant came home deeply moved by the sight; and, hanging at my knees, with eyes expressive of the most earnest woe, began to tell me what he had seen, and it was in these words :??" Two little children, big me (point- ing to his own breast), put in coffins close ! Naughty servants put these into go under- ground, deep?deep?buried death 1" All this with the most perfect and emphatic dis- tinctness. The darling speaks as plain as I do. Was not the strength of the impression and the manner in which was imparted to me pathetically interesting in a creature of two years and a halt Journals and Correspondence of Thomas Sedgewick Whalley, DD. By the Rev. Hill Wickham, M.A. The Australian Colonies Mr. Marsh [May 4] asked the Under-secretary for the colonies whether any, and, if any, what petitions had been received within the last three years at the colonial office, for presentation to her Majesty, from different districts in Australia, praying for separation from the existing colonies, and the formation of new colonies Mr. C. Fortescue said that in 1861 two petitions were received from the Clarence and Richmond districts of New South Wales, praying for a separation from the colony and annexation to Queensland; and another was received in the same year from the New England district to the same effect. In 1852 a petition was received from certain inhabitants of the western portion of the colony of Victoria, praying for separation from the colony, for the purpose of forming, together with a portion of South Australia, a new and distinct colony. These were the only petitions which had been received on the subject. The celebrated French photographer, Nndar, who lately had the catacombs of Paris illuminated by electric light for " business purposes, is now said to be preparing an immense balloon, in which he intends sailing, in company with twenty Monds, into, or rather over, the interior of Africa, to take sun pictures. The start is to take place from the south of Algeria. Most of the Paris papers give this news; which, however, has very much the appearance of a canard. A son of a leading tragedian has, I hear, been appointed to the chief justiceship of one of our smallest colonial possessions. He is rather young probably not more than thirty; but no doubt the legal business is not very heavy in the distant climes to which he is about to depart, and will not prove so onerous as it is to the judges in this country. Few persons have any idea of the immense labor devolving upon those who occupy the bench, or upon leading counsel in the various branches of the profession; and I could name more than one distinguished Q.C who, during term time, is scarcely over in bed before two, and rises again at five. One of them being remonstrated with, and warned as to the certain injury to his constitution from such excessive work, replied, " What can I do The great prizes in the lottery of the law are few, and if I do not keep in the front rank and accept all the briefs offered me, I lose my position, and others will run past me." His friends feel much anxiety for the health of the gentleman in question, but he struggles gallantly on towards the object of his ambi- tion Correspondent to Liverpool Albion. " The Rush Across the Murray-st has been asserted that all the Victorian agriculturists were " rushing" across the Murray to take advantage of the free selection clauses of Mr. Robertson's Land Act. So persistently was this cry maintained, and so eager was he repeated by some journals, that the Victorian government at last deemed it advisable to despatch a responsible officer to make inquiries at the Albury land office into the truth of the assertions which were so plentifully made. Dir. Surveyor Wilmot, formerly of Benalla, and more recently stationed at Portland, was sent on this mission, and the result of his enquiries prove that the reckless statements which had been made are almost entirely destitute of foundation. During the whole Hmo nearly two years which the New South Wales Land Act has been in operation, only eighteen Victorians have selected land at the Albury land office, and of those no fewer than eight are members of two families. So that the " rush " of free selectors has been at the rate of not quite one Victorian head per month.? Murray Gazette. Garibaldi.?Gonernl Garibaldi is godfather to 4500 children, and 2000 boys have received his name. He is honorary burgess of 90 cities and towns, and honorary president of 120 associations. He lins 21 swords of honor of which 11 have been sent from abroad. Since 1860, 3000 addresses of devotedness have been sent to him. In consequence of the improvement introduced into the cultivation of the land which he possesses nt Capron his annual revenue from it amounts to 3000\. Originally it was almost nothing.? L. Albion. The Bishop of Lincoln and Dr. Colenso. The following letter has been received from the Bishop of Lincoln, in reply to the address of the clergy of the deanery of Nottingham :_?"My dear Mr.Brooks,?I am sincerely obliged to you and the clergy of your deanery for the address which you have forwarded to me. It is no wonder that something more than sorrow should be felt at the conduct of one who, while still claiming to hold his office as a bishop of our Church, im- pugns at the same time the honesty of his brother ministers, the veracity of some of the canonical books of holy Scripture, and the Divine) knowledge (and therefore, inferentially, the true divinity of our Saviour. I fully believe with you that in this instance, as often before, the great Head of the Church will overrule evil to the confirmation of the truth and it may be that we needed in our time the sad and startling call to a closer, more diligent, and more prayerful study of God's word, especially as contained in the books of the Old Testament. Believe me to be very sincerely yours. Lincoln."? Evening Mail. Death of a Garibaldian, The most lamentable thing in the battle of Olkusz was the loss of Colonel North, the celebrated Gari- baldian chief. His horse had been shot and had fallen with him, and he was being raised by his men when he was himself struck in the breast with a rifle bullet. He died calling upon the Italians to rush forward, and they obeyed the order, and avenged him in the most heroic manner? sacrificing themselves, but also killing an immense number of Russians. The grief caused among the Italians by the death of Nullo is said to have been most heartrending, and it attracted universal attention in the midst of the battle. They called out his name, sobbed, shrieked, and by a general impulse rushed upon the enemy, when they for the most part met the same fate as their leader. Polish correspondence of The Times. 