\- PASTORAL LETTER OF ROBERT ' t; ' ? WTTXTAML ??'?'.', 'Bt'the Gfe'ACE of God and Fjwojo* of the I ' ? Aposfrioxic Sef,, Bishop op' H-Wart Town, ' AND ASSISTANT BlSHOP AT -HHE PpNTI ' 'PlCAtiiHRONE. 'As a father hath compassion on his children, so i hath the Lord compassion on them 'that, fear him ; for he knowelh pur frame. He remembereth that we aie dust.' (Psalm cii., IS, 14.) To the Catholic Clergy an-diLa«ty of the! : Diooe-Se of Hobart Town,-Gjreeting in ; ? Our iLoRD. ? Beloved -of Our Lord — ' -} This'declaration of the repentant (King David is ' Fuir;of sweet consolation to those -who clearly an- ; tierstand and fully realize the true meaning of the; ^erin,.' Fear God.' This holy Projphet expressly! tells us— ''The fear of the Lord is the beginning of! wisdom.' (Ps. cxi., 10.) In what, then, consists \ this, holy fear, that brings down compassion from - bur offended Lord, even as a father hath compassion ' on his children ? St. James tells us, that 'the: devils believe and tremble*' (ii., Er9), and must,; therefore, if aar. ; \- The fear that we aTe exhorted tto strive for is'a ; fear of falting into the hands of ike living God, mingled with sorrow for having, by-our sins, cruci-j fled, as it were, in cool deliberation, His adorable -! Son. Thiefear is a gift of the Holy (Ghost, and is, no doubt, 'the beginning of wisdom;' and very dif ferent from' the fear experienced iby a reckless, habitual sinner. He, like the evil spirits spoken of by St. James, will believe, and fear,1 and tremble ; but his fear is a barren, worthless fear, and will only tend to increase bis misery when death shall summon him- to give an account of every thought, word1, and deed of his life, and of his omissions in the fulfilment of the divine law. ' This s'alutary fear is a positive virtue^, springing from the 'three great cardinal virtues of faith, Hope, and Charity:;* and, therefore, whoever has offended God (and w.ho is there amongst us free from the defilement of sin ?) stands in need of it, in propor tion as he has forfeited his claim to the kingdom of Heaven.' We, beloved of our Lord, at the commencement of this solemn season of Lent, when millions upon millions throughout the world will, in holy commu nion^ unite in 'prayer, fasting, and deedeof mercy to the poor and afflicted, are called upon to join this vast multitude, in the hope1 that' we may acquire that holy and salutary fear which is '? the beginning of wisdom.' In order that we may profit by the divine graces, that our merciful Lord will shewer down upon all who experience this holy fear, it will be necessary. for us to reflect on our present spiritual -condition, and ask ourselves — What would be my eternal lot if, now, the Angel of Death were to say, 'Mhis day is thy soul demanded of thee f' Is there. not something awful, beyond description, in this reflection! Net only to the abandoned sinner, or the habitually neglectful Christian, but even to those who are accounted just ? Listen to what we are expressly told in holy writ — ' There are just men, and wise. men, and their works are in the hand of God; and yet man knoweth not whether he be worthy ef love. or hatred.' (Eccles., xi., l.j And even the Apostle St. Paul, who, as we are intormed «n divine: authority, was a vessel of election, tells us. — ' I am not conscious to myself of anything, yet am I not hereby justified ; but. he that judgeth me is the Lord.' (1 Cor., iv:, 4.) With these decla rations before us, who shall not be struck with holy . feaT, and- exclaim with the penitent David, 'If than, * O Lord, will mark iniquities; Lord, who shall stand it V (Pa., exxix., 3.) Beloved of our Lord, God, in pity, hath per mitted me and you to live until the beginning of this Lent; this, time of grace and mercy, that we might ' set our house in 'orcier,' that when called upon ? to appear before Him- who is ' our witness and our judge,' it might be to experience what has been ?aid ia the text, that ' ats a father, hath compassion on hisxshildren,'' so He hath had corpaision on us. May His 'Holy Spirit enkindle the fire of divine lovj in bur cold and frozen hearts! May He, for thejsake ef His adorable Son Jesus, look down upon us Gin CtheO' valley of tears,' and iufuee into our hearts the spirit of boly ear 1 The Church, at this time, constantly uses in her sacred liturgy the following words — ' Now is the acceptable time, now is the day of salvation ;' and I, as th'e pastor of your souls, conjure you to reflect deeply on ' their import. How many Christians throughout the world to whom they are proclaimed ihia. day, will be called before the bar of divine jus tice before the approach of another Lent! And what. security have I, or you, beloved of our Lord, that we shall not be in that number ? Out of the twenty thousand who claim me to be their pastor in this 'distant 'land; think you that the1 Angel of Death will ! pass over all? Most likely his icy arrow is already placed in his bow, not only to cut down the aged : and the infirm,: but' -even' , the young, the blooming, the strong, and the /healthy! Toyo'u all, then, do I speak the words of God's prophet, Isaias (1 v.,6)— ' O seek- the Lord whilst He may be found, call upon Him whilst He;is. near ?$,. Take the1 Commandments of God and. of; His Church in your hands^examinethetn in. all earnest sincerity — not according to the vain and deceitful maxims and customs of the world, which are declared in the Gospel to be opposed to God aud the souls of men, but according to the rules laid down by Jesus, our Lord and our Saviour, - ? : '?? . Oh! reflect, that whoever neglects to serve God in spirit and in truth — whoever does not keep holy the Lord's Day — whoever takes the name of God in vain — whoever despises and rejects the ordinances «f Christ's Church, and {habitually neglects the Sacraments thereof— whoever is proud, passionate, and revengeful — whoever commits adultery or for nication, or is impure -aiid immodest in body, heart, or mind — whoever ceminits the horrible crime of .perjaryi- or. is addicted to lying, hypocrisy, and de ception— whoever is proud, arrogant, and' scornful I — whoever is: hard. hearted, oppressive of the poor, \ the ignorant, and unprotected— whoever is dishenest and unjust in weights and measures— whoever tekes advantage of any of; the numfberless ways tof .djeho. nefity and fraud — whoever circulates scandal,' and defames others to the Iobs of their just reputation or fftaaca of mind— nhnpvor it ? rrlntfin ««. ?? -I-..ni1-._j — whoever neglects to fulfil 'his duty to'ihia children And his family — whoever scandalizes Christiana by the commission iof j wilful bib, of whatever kind it may he— cannot enter the /kingdom of Heaven. 'Great God! and if all who are now affected with any of these crimes were this day to be summoned -before the bar of Thy divine justice — where would *e the number of those prepared for the kingdom of Heaven 1 Oh!! fellow-Christians^ how awful is this reflection ! How awful are ithe words of Jesus, as reoorded, over *nd over again, in the Gospel— * Many »re, called ; but few are chosen!' Well ?might a prophet of God exclaim — 'With desolation ds all the land made desolate, because there is none ;that thinketh in his heart!' (Jeren?., xii., 11.J Beloved of our Lord, with those reflectiops before us, what can appear to be more wise and merciful than the holy regulation of the Church of Christ, ;the--'pillar -and ground of «truth.' that the forty ?days before the. celebration of the resurrection of Jesus from the dead, should, be set aside* in an especial 'manner, for self examination,1 prayer, fast ing-, and deeds-ef mercy? Gpen the sacred Sciip »tures, and you wHl find them abounding in exhorta tions to comply with these eacred exercises, at all times; and that the Almighty in mercy, did reward -the faith and 'humility of ithose who humbled (themselves before him even 'as a father hath campassion on his children.' Beloved of our Lord : I will embrace this opportunity of laying before y-eu especially the fol lowing subjects, and earnestly exhort you to pay attention to them, 1\. Situated as we are in this,-c9mparatively, new i5ountry,a most solemn an imperative obligation rest* on parents, and all those who have charge of chil dren, to see that all under their .care are instructed . iu the duties of religion. It is morally impossible j for a Pastor, however zealous and anxious he may j ibe, to give instruction to children, unless parents j and those who have charge of ' these little ones,' ' see that they attend the public catechetical instruc tion ; and moreover, procure for each child, whether residing in town or country, the little Cathechi.sm, and endeavoured that at least a soiall portion of it be committed to memory each week. This duty is roest important, situated as we. are in this ' utter most part of the earth,' and attention is emphatically directed to it. Parents, who zealously and punctu ally attend to this sacred duty, may hope, ia God's mercy, to be blessed with their children ; but those, who aeglect it, may not be surprised if their ' grey nairs are Drougnt wun sorrow 10 me grave. secu lar education is another important branch of a parent's duty, aud one which should never be lost sight of. Where there is a Catholic school, or one taught by a Catholic, if the system there pnrsued be as good as another, preference should, undoubtedly, be given to it. This subject, it is also wished, should be. impressed on the minds of parents and guardians, ao being one of the utmost importance. ? 2. Servants and others, residing in the houses of ?those who profess not the 'ancient faith,' are counselled not to join in prayer or family worship, but diligently attend to their own form of prayer; Great firmness and patient forbearance are often times required on the part of Catholic servants, who are pressed and pursuaded, and, unfortunately, too often, threatened wiih the loss of, otherwise, good situations. This, assuredly, is not doing unto others, that which they would wish should be done unto them. The objection is a conscientious one, and, therefore, should be respected. A master or mistress may, by usurped and unwarrantable autho rity, compel a poor servant, or dependent, to bend the knee and join externally in family worship, but cannot force the soul to give its assent : — they may, by this spirit of oppression, gain an apparent victory before others; but their act will not be pleasing to Him 'who isour witness and our judge.' Catho lics, who believe there is only 'one faith — one lard -fone baptism,' are, constantly called upon, and urged to joia in spirituals with families professing the most discordant creeds ; doctrines clashing directly with each other, and still each 'view' or 'opinion' de clared to be the truth from God ! Each family may be of opinion that its form of doctrine is right, but common [sense tells us that some must be erroneous. Eilappily, however/ there- dre very many employers, fejfvent and zealous in their own religious opinions, who would no more deprive their ser van's or depen dents of their ' religious liberty/ than they would of i the wages they 'duly earn. They justly reflect, that where power is abused (even on the plea of religion), tyranny is substituted. Let the Cathelic servant, therefore, humbly and diligently make his or her acts of faith, hope,, and charity. Let the ever blessed Virgin, the Angels, and the Saints reigning with Christ in 'Heaven, be constantly invoked/anti the souls of deceased parents, relatives, aad friends, and all the. faithful departed, played for. This is a portion of the sublime belief, ' the communion of saints,' in the Apostle's Creed. 3\. Spiritual reading is-another iirpertant duty to be attended to, whether we; have an opportunity or not of attending public instruction'from our Pastors. Each person, who can read, would, do, well to be provided with, at least/the New Testament (Catho \ lie version)-— Prayer-book— Meditations- for every Day in the.Year(Chalionerfs— Think well Ori't— Cat chism — Sincere Christian, and Devout Christian, (2 volumes each, by Bishop Hay.) These, and many: other useful. and excellent books, may be purchased for, comparatively, a mere trifle; and parents are counselled, especially, not to neglect to supply themselves and children' with the above, and other works of equal value. ? ? .-..?..-.; ' 4. A difficulty sometimes arises, which need not by parents (it is presumed not well instructed) who present sponsors to stand for tneir children in baptism, who are not members of the Cathelic faith. A God. father, and God-mother, make a solemn : promise, that if the parents of their God-child shouM die, they will instruct it in the -faith in which it is ; baptized. But if they do not profess the Catholic' faith, how can they fulfil'such promise ? They maf be kind fiiends, and excellent neighbours ; but not professing the Catholic faith, they aie1; not'. the proper persons to select-for a religious duty,- to which is attached so solemta an obligation. One Sponsor is sufficient, either as God; father, or God-mother; but two may; be allowed to stand. Persons of good moral character, who are. well instructed in the faith, and capable of fulfilling the sacred ^obli gation, if called upon to do so, should alone be selected.: .:.':?--. '''''.. ';\ '?:' v - ' . ? .?' 5\. It is, from titne to time, to be regretted, that parents neglect al together, or until on the point of death, to dispose of their property, by will, to those who have a natural claim upon them. This is a grievous neglect of a solemn obligation, when entirely omitted — -and, when deferred until the last moment is oftentimes macied with' great want of justice. A husband should -be careful to he just to a widow, left to struggle,ilt may be, in old age, with a harsh world, «nd probably dependent on the generosity of her children. A-ai parents should also bear in mind that their children have, it may be said, generally, an equal claim upon them, either before, or after death, if that .olaim be not forfeited by crime or ; cross 'disobedience. Let, therefore, this sacred duty be well considered, and the Will made and executed before -the Angel of Death appears with his dte&d; summons. The choice of executors, trus tees, or ^guardians of children, is another important part of a parent'* -dutv, and should be carefully and deliberately made, so that justice should be- ensured and the xeligibn.of children not-interfered wiih when left to the care. of others. Beloved of our JLord : I wish now to direct briefly your senfous attention to the following observations. ' You ha*e Jong been painfully alive to the fact, that several of our Clergy have hitherto had .to struggle, with the greatest difficulties in. consequence of the unequal, and therefore unfair distribution of the funds set apart ioc religions purposes* Happil\j justice ti£ti at length prevailed, and the Catholic: community will,- henceforward, share equally with ether religions communities, the aid granted for the spiritual and moral culture of the people. But, you must bear in naiad, this ' aid' will not free you from your obligation of contributing accirdinif to your mean6* iqwardflthe support'of' those who labor for your spiritual welfare; and also towards the, due celebration of trm divine service. To excuse yourselves- from these sacred obligations, b cause the State will, ia future, grant some aid, where it is -so much wanted, would lie gross injustice, springing from a feeling of mean selfishness, perfectly un worthy of the heart and mind of a generous Christian. Were the contributions of our flocks to fall off in proportion to the aid granted by the Slate the difficulties and privations of the Clergy would continue; and thus, religion would suffer instead of receiving benefit from a measure founded in wisdom, equity, and justice. But I trust there may not be one example of such manifest injustice; and I fervently hope that all will continue, with cheerful ness, to support their zealous Pastors ; and, as far as possible, to render the divine service as becoming no fMri'limjstanr'PH will- Allnnr ' fhairs intraA O Lord, the beauty of thy house, and the place where thy glory dwelleth.'— (Pa. xxv. 8.) And, ' He that ininistereth seed to the sower, will both give you bread to eat, and will multiply your seed, and increase the growth of the fruits of your justice.'— (2 Cor. ix. 10.) And, before concluding, let me earnestly exho t those who are bound to observe the regulations of fasting and abstinence, not to be discouraged by the senseless and irreligious opposition, the bitter taunts, and scurrilous observations of others, when fulfill ? ing this sacred duty. i ' Blessed are ye when men shall revile you * ?? ? ? for my sake : ' ' Be glad and rejoice, for your reward is very great in Heaven. For so they persecuted the Pro phets that were before you.' — (St. Matt. v.. 11, 12.) -That a Pagan should oppose and ridicule those who fast or abstain from certain kinds of food through motives of religion, is what might be ex pected — but that any one who assumes the name of a .Christian, one who believes in the doctrine con tajned ia the Holy Scriptures, should do. so, is beyond comprehension. Gross ignorance must preside over such mind, instead of sacred knowledge; and vulgar prejudice instead of that spirit o! rn^xu-* fication so strongly recommended in the' Tour Gospels, in the Acts of .the An-stlcs, and the Eiistles in the New Testament. [The days of Fasting arid Abstinence in the Clurch of England, are the same 'as in the ancient Church.— See Book of Common Prayer.] ' The following brief narrative will encourage you, tdify you, and strengthen you to bear up against the silly taunts, and petty opposition of the ignorant, the proud, and the unthinking. Antiochus IV., Epiphanes, the. Pagan i^jng^oT Syria, about 180 years before the coming of Christ, was a bloody persecutor of the Jews. He entered the Holy of Holies, earied off tho tnoBt precious vessels, and caused thousands of ilie Jews, to be slain. Eleazer,' a' venerable old i jiari';'of Anttooh', was ordered by this Pagan Kiog to e^t the flesh of swine, which was contrary to the. divine ~law. Listen, to the soul-stirring account holy 'history gives of. this glorious martyr. Z^ir ' Eleazer, one of the chief of the Bcribes,, a'ma i advanced in years, and of comely countenance, wa| ? ' pressed to open his mouth to eat swine's ;flesh. '.',. 'But he choosing rather a most' glorious death' than a hateful life, went forward of his own accorcj to the torment. , ..'..', ;'? ?* But when he was now ready to die with the' stripes, he groaned, and said : O Lord, who hast' the ,holy knowledge, and knoweist manifestly; that whereas I might be delivered from death, I puffer grievous pains in body : but in -oul am well content to suffer these things, because J fear thee. '? 'Thus did this man die, leaving not only to - young, men, but also to the whole nation, the memory of his death for an example of virtue and' fortitude.'— (2. Mac. vi. 18, 19, 30, 81.) In conclusion let, me tenderly. exhort yoa, beloved of our Lord, to strive most earnestly to obtain this/ holy fear of tbet Judgement of Almighty God, that influenced the mind of the venerable Jew, Eleaz^ and so necessary for each one of us. Enter upon: the penitential time of Lent, not gloomy, bat cheerfully, anA you will find the '.truth', of Christ's words, that, 'His yoke is sweet, and hte burden light,' and, «? When you fast,,be not, as the hypocrites, sad. For they disfigure their 'faces that they may appear unto men te fast. Amen, I. say to you, they have already received their reward, ButJhou, wheb thou fastest, anoint . thy head, afld wash thy face ? that thou'appear riot to men to faati . but to th v Father who is in secret ; and thy Father who seeth in secret, will reward thee.— (St. Matt, vi. 16, 17,18.) ./- w 'The grace of our Lord Jesus, Christ, and, the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen.'— (2 Cor'. xiii. 13.) 4- ROBERT WILLIAM, , Bishop of Hobart Town., , Bishop's House, Hobart Town: Sexageaima Sunday, MDCCCLXIII. ^5 