INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. NEW ZEALAND. OTAGO. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) DUNEDIN, OCT. 20. In my last letter intimation was given of the discovery of new diggings not more than twenty five miles from Dunedin. At that date the originally favourable reports had been succeeded by accounts which did not i altogether encourage the hope that they were I likely to prove diggings of any extent or richness; such, the host, was the cha- In ever given to them by many who had kindly visited the ground. Since then and j vices have been received in town from numerous private sources, giving a very dif- ferent complexion to the condition of things on the ground. Several parties were known to have made very good finds, and latterly the j police in the district made application for an extension of their force, and for facilities for the protection of gold, quantities of from four ! to forty pounds weight being placed in their charge. Each subsequent day brought myste 1 liouB accounts of fabulous finds having been made, and now they have in great part been confirmed by the report of the ' warden, and by the statement of Mr. Vincent Pyke, who both described the place as a rich and extensive gold-field. The latter authority describes the ground as an easy day's ride from the city-a circumstance . which greatly expedite the provisioning of the miners, as many as SOO loaves being despatched to the place by one conveyance. the field, he estimates, extends over a burn I dred square miles of country, and Jaigegold in parts of over five ounces having term of ten ed-is got in many situations with exceedingly little labour. The official report of the lane district, by Mr. Warden Williamson, is a as follows: I " On my visiting the ground I found upwards of 1500 miners centered at Nicholas Gi Hythe gully in which the prospecting claim was granted. The deposits are very rich in this gully ; gold has been traced from the creek into the hills on either side. The di j th of washdirt varies according to the stipulations of the reef, being from six to twelve of cles. As the hills rise the depth of sinking becomes greater. The deepest claim I have Fein in which gold is being procured is sixteen feet, bottoming on to soft blue slate. The washdirt is soft cement and red gravel. Some of the yields have been large. All who have claims here are doing well; the gold is genially distributed. Occasionally rich de- posits are formed where the reef dips; as much as five and six ounces have been washed from a tin dish of dirt. The miners do not he state to show their gold (which is coarse and a try started), or to tell of their success. Many parties have divided from ten to twelve ounces per man for a day's work. I " In many instances fabulous quantities are named, which I have no doubt in many cases have been got; but, judging from the cheerful manner the miners work, I should EBy they are generally doing well, i "There several gullies in the district similar in formation to Nicholls Gully, where gold is found in more than payable quan ' titles, the most particular being Sailor's Gully, Blackman's Gully, and Tucker Gully. I In Sailor's Gully large finds are said to have a go and from the disputes already requiring my presence, I should judge the miners hold a favourable opinion of it. In Blackman's Gully I saw seven ounces procured by two men in one day. "On the hill at the entrance to the township, a quartz reef has been opened. The prospectors previous to my arrival applied to the sergeant in charge for a prospecting claim. 1 Ley have not yet renewed their application. "From the general appearance of the country, I am of opinion that a large portion of it is auriferous, in a greater or less degree. AB the gullies join the Deep Stream the gold becomes fine, and not so rich as at the source, where it is coarse and shotty, pieces weighing it in one to two ounces having been found. " There are numerous parties coming on to the ground, distributing themselves in the gully. I will not be over-estimating the population at 2,000." In the neighbourhood of the ground which has thus come to be recognized as one of the if gular gold-fields of Otago small parties had been at work for some time; and in one gully, named Fraser's, a few were doing very well, earning on an average 30s. per day. In this gully sinking varies from one to eighteen feet in depth down to a slate reef, where the g ld is generally found, the washdirt not containing much, and sometimes not being washed at all as the gold contained in it is seldom payable, except in the few inches immediately adjacent to the reef. From its extent and appearance, and from its proximity to the town and a supply of timber, it is expected to be able to support a population of 500 men for some time. Apart from the reports of these new diggings, which have led to a second rush from town, there is little interesting in the mining news. The escort for the last fortnight has brought down upwards of 20,000 ounces), and generally the accounts are very favourable. We have not yet been put in possession of Dr. Hector's full report of his expedition to the West Coast, but enough is known to induce not a few to set out for Martin's Bay, by the route which he has indicated. It now appears that the same bay, river, and lake were visited by a Mr. Alabaster, of Dunedin, but he failed in discovering a practicable route to the interior, as has been done by Dr. Hector. The harbour is described by this visitor as having twelve feet on the bar at high water, with a rise and fall of five or six feet ; the surrounding country BE fertile, and thickly timbered and at the head of a lake, which Dr. Hector did not visit, traces of gold were said to have been got, as well as abundance of green stone and some copper. The report of this visit was made to the Government in the month of August last. but was retained until the return of Dr Hector. In Dunedin, the influence of the new dig sings is visible in the more cheerful aspect of the streets, which are crowded with drays pack-horses, and pedestrians preparing for a start. Otherwise business in town is moderately active, some good buildings being erected, and several public works being prepared for. Among the newer buildings is the rank of Australasia, which is expected to be opened in a few weeks, the necessary state having already been selected in Victoria. On the day of the Aldinga s arrival with the mail we had even later news from America, via San Francisco and Auckland ; the Californian papers being up to the 20th August, but the events narrated are unimportant. The anticipated visit of the All-England Eleven is the subject of considerable interest and active preparations are being made to have the ground and the local players in the i trim for their reception-a work requiring. ! some activity. Many would fain have mother I still more celebrated visitors-Mr. and Mrs Ke on but the terms upon which they eat only be expected to undertake an engagement I here are understood to be much against the probability of their making the journey | Either. The "ghost" having retired after c ! week's engagement, is now to be followed by Miss Julia Mathews, who makes her first no entrance tonight, with the certainty of becoming as much a favourite as she has been in the other colonies. Our latest shipping arrivals from the Australian side are the Game Cock, Indiana, and I Phillis ; from Tasmania, the Racer; and ft orr | herne, the Helenslee, via the Bluff Hall detained more or less by the heavy easterly weather which preceded the pleasant season which we are now enjoying, (FROM THE DAILY TIMES, OCT. 23.) ARRIVAL OF THE ESCORT. The fortnightly escort arrived yesterday afternoon, about five o'clock, having been detained by the flooded state of the Taieri river, which prevents crosSing until yesterday morning. The following are the returns of gold brought down \- Queenstown, 1,949 oz. 14dwt. ; Arrow River 1,483 oz. 10dwt.; Dunstan, 7,490 oz. 15dwt. Mount Ida. 2,8 oz.; Teviot, 949 oz. 10dwt Intal, 16,0 8oz. 6dwt. THE NEW RIVER AND LAKE ON THE WEST COAST, We have been furnished with the following interesting particulars concerning the first discovery, in June last, by Captain AM arter, of the river and lake referred to by Dr. Utctor¡-"Dunedin, 19th August, 1863.' Sir. Daniel Alabaster, about seven years on urged in the confer g trade of' south New. iii land, and long time mate of the Star, ha:,' i idled upon me and reported that he entered s live i called the Wakatipu, about four miles south of the Award, on the west coast.' and the following is his information :-' We i entered on 12th June last, on board' the Aquilla. Found twelve feet on the bar at 1 i¡.>h.water;rÍEc and all five or six feet. Ther i v r port a heavy surf, but there are three rock -i in the channel ; but a craft of folly or fifty i trip can easily avoid these by keeping -clo3 . totheBpir. Went up the river six or seven miles by the bends, and entered a lake above: ? fifteen miles in length, and anchored at the herd of the time. The surrounding land is not mountainous till some distance from a margin" of the lake. Ground is covered ¡ with forest. level and very fertile. Abuu dance of pigs. An island at the head of the lake is full of pigs. There in also a Mason a busy ing ground. Four natives live there: they are friendly. There is cleared land :<> I the east of the dividing range. Weascend ii I the dividing range, and from there we saw j Fernshaw, a very high mountain at the he lit a of the Wakatip, and which appeared quite these; also, Mount Aspiring, and lilac Tick. We had the Government map: of the province with us, to could identify the positions; besides I am a m liner, accustomed to take beating:), li va had had food we could have easily rushed through. We cut our way up through , I the bush. The pass was not high, quite easily ascended ; but we had to go back for want of provisions. We came upon the waters run margin the eastward. We saw another link to the north which was discovered from then mountains, and we took up our beat to the . lord of it. This lake is ten miles long, so I KUI ded by bush with level land round w margin ; we got traces of gold at the north end I 1 this lake, also pieces of copper. I have on so FpecimeiS except of the stones, my Mcl three months having taken them to Au_ violin. I have no doubt the specimens were ctprir, as our mate-a Prenenman-said had had worked at copper mines. Albiston of Riverstone could be loaded here. We saw nothing of the men, but lots of green bird fed emus (qy. kiwis). The lower hike has a fire site for a township, far superior to anything I saw in the sounds, all of which I tinted. The pass, had we gone on, would 1 are brought us out at the Wakatip Lake, at ten miles from its head on the eastern shore. We vii i ted Milford Sound, but could not penetrate through the mountains, the se being very precipitous. I nearly lost myself here. The precipices are dreadful. A steamer could e easily go into the Wakatip River and to the head of the lake, and I think this is the last place to make a road from the Wakatip Lake to the west coast. (Signed) D. ALABASTER.' As Mr. Daniel Alabaster is a gentleman well known to me, I have every confidence in the trustworthiness of his account, which is a most intelligent one, and of great geographic of importance. I have no hesitation in forward Egitto Government. (Signed) J. F. THOMSON. Chief Surveyor.-Smvey- office, August II, 1868." TASMANIA. (FROM THE HOBART TOWN MERCURY, OCT. 21.) MAIN TRUNK LINE OF RAILWAY.-The pre position to construct a grand trunk line of railway between Hobart Town mail Liun centre is fast assuming g a Lincliml step in, to far as the great body of the public street the property owners of the island are concerned, at all events. The proposal is no longer the visionary idea," nigh or lain hon. numbers endeavoured to stamp it as towards the close of the Julia mentary season. So deeply has the public J niiLel become- Jupiter el with the desirability.' of immediately i-roprtstii g with the work t s the only tangible m< ants in improve, g in trade and commerce of the country, that handsome pecuniary offers are being made', conditionally upon the work being at one undertaken. Independently of the fact, that a descriptions have been promised to a considerable amount in aid of the coal mining surveys, numerous property holders fine. offered large sums towards the construction fund, to be paid on the completion of the first mile of rail. Woore authorised by Mr. Alder ii n Murdoch to state that he will give £230. flavour as the first mile is laid; Mr. Askin Morrison has also promised £1,000, and no at rous landowners have offered, should the line runs through their property, to give up possession of the necessary land without any compensation. 