Singulah Phenomenon. — On Friday evening last, 27th November, ahout nine o'clock (I'enola time), n large ball of fire, having a long bright tail, was seen to ascend the horizon, due west of the township, and, . travelling at great speed, took a direction due cast, and disappeared a few degrees above the horizon. In its passage across tlie heavens, it left a long bright track behind, which was visiblo for about two ? seconds, ilio time occupied m its transit from west to east was about half a minute. The moon was just rising at the time, and not a cloud was to be - seen — consoquentlg, we bad a beautiful view of this strange visitor in its fiery path across tho Btnr- - spangled vault of the heavens. — Penola Correspon dent of tho Portland Guardian. A Woman Nearly Burned to Death. — Th's - morning, about seven o'clock, that active policeman Constable M'Konna, whilst engaged on duty in Market Square, bad bis attention attracted by cries of fire proceeding from some persons in Mundr street. He at once rushed to tlie spot, and found that an unfortunate woman of tlie town named' Charlotte Russell, living in a bouse at the rear of the Alma Cottage, Mundy street, bad jnst been dis covered iu her bed enveloped in flames, caused, it is supposed, from n candle having been left burning by ber on retiring to bed, a light from which having iu some maimer caught tho curtains of the bed. The unfortunate creature was at once rescued, but not before her head, face and other parts of hex body had been dreadfully burned. She was con veyed in a cart to the hospital, whero she now lies in a very perilous condition, the resident surgeon, Dr M'Gillvary, having but small hopes of her recovery. — Bendiyo Evening News, 5th Deccmbor. A Ghost Clud.— Among the oddities of tbo clay is tlie establishment of a ghost club — not, as might bo supposed, a club for the assemblage of gonial spirits, but an institution for tbo organised research ? into tlie possibility of a traveller returning from thoso bournes to which we all look forward with interest. The club is in downright earnest, ns may bo gathered from the fact that tbo committee adver tise for a ' haunted house,' one whose reputation is well authenticated. Doubtless, the answers will he numerous ; and if, after minute research, tlie com mitteo of the Ghost Club succeed in re-establishing the respectability of the liilhorto supposed haunted mansions, by proving the charge unfounded, then labors will bo highly useful, as the number of so called haunted houses that aro closed and gono to decay in and nbout town, under this mouldering and blighting reputation, is ridiculously large. Wo know of half a dozen sucli. The reader, wish ing a pleasnut drive out of the suburbs, may choose Fincliley road, and just before the corner of the road, made celebrated by tlie halt of tho Woman, in White— namely, that diverging to Frognnl and Weit Hampstead— lie will see a stately ruin im bedded in trees, quite in tlie ghostly style. This place wo believe bears the reputation of being tho habitation of a ghost, aud is, donbtloss, at the ser vice of the club, though the old keeper, who re ceives tlie gratuity of the credulous inspector, pooh poohs the idea, if not the profit it raises. It has, however, its bit of real romance, well vouched for by this cicerone, namely, the walling in of n wife for two years, without ber seeing a ray of lignirrom heaven, or the aspect of her fellow-beings. This is the story the person tolls, nnd gives very minute particulars of many other matters highly interesting to tlie yobcmouche, with the nnme of The Bluebeard,, which is one not now to fortnno and to fame. — Court Journal. A Flying Machine. — M. Nadir's newly -invented aerial machine, which is occupying considerable attention in Paris, is already nearly half finished. Its dimensions aro so enormous that it will havo accommodation, it is declared, for more than a hundred passengers. The first aerial journoy is to be made to Baden. M. Nadir will call his balloon tbo ' Quaud-Meme.' 