THE THEATRES. THEATRE ROYAL. Tbo house was crowded on Saturday night to witness the production (f "Macbeth," for the adequate presentation of which more than ordinary preparations had boon made. A cood deal of now and appropriate scenery had boon painted by Mr Honninge,and Messrs Wharton :and Shorwm liad been engaged to give addi tional effect to those portions of tho tragedy in which iyrieal aoccsBorics aro'employed. Tho valuablo eervices of Madame Camndini baa .also been secured, but the uon- arfiival of the Hobart Town steamer prevented iter appear ance ns announced. The performance was .distinguished by uniform suoceaa throughout, and cummandocl the elose attention of the audi ence, who were not sparing in their expressions of satisfaction. The parts wero alii. ted without any material deviation from the order in which they have been apportioned aforetime. Mr Sullivan's coneeptian of the usurping Thane is .perfectly true to its associated qualities, and lie works out theeharaoter with the soma care ful regard to its implied necessities ae distin guishes his' treatment of erery other part ho ,takos in hand. The evidence of diligent study is perceptible not only aa regards tho character he himself sustains, but also in connexion with what is relative to it. Eor instance, ho adopts the theory, strongly, and not without a good deal of reason, advocated by many Shaksperian ana yets, that tho ghost of :Bauquo need not be presented bodily, but may ba left to the imagination to suggest itself. The effect upon . the mind of the speotntor is very curious by this mode of treatment, and tho apostrophe being addressed toompty space, a strange feeling of apprehension is excited which iB certainly more asithetia in its quality than that which cornea from hearing a speech spoken to what we know to be a living, breatbiDg thing like ourselves. The same studious attention to speciSe vnssning and the same disinclination to adopt the ruling of mere conventionalities wero equally obvious in tho reading of tho text. Mr Sullivan has manifestly weighed most accurately esoh word as he has proceeded in his examination of the subject, and ho has adopted I lie authority of others only where his own judgment lias showed him to pro nounce conflrmatorily. The instinct ot a mind long practised in the business of gauging the extent of moaning pos sessed by tho words that Shakspero has' written, enables him to seize, by a sort of intuition, tho possible signi&cancy; of a passage. It may not bo that hie decision, in orory case, accords with that pronounced by others who have applied themselves to a similar taak, but it is impossible not to oompliment him iipon his industry and ingonuity, ovon, when differing with him in the conclusions to be arrivod at. As an illustration, wo take exception to hie punotuation of the soliloquy in tho oommoncoment of tho seventh scone of the first act. The sense of the passage, as it soems to us, is diverted from its true significance), by making a pauso at the ond of the first lino, and so connecting the phraso "It were done quickly " with the words succeeding it, instead of allowing it to be understood M tho decla mation of an intention, depending upon the assurance that the deed contemplated should involvo no consequences ulterior to itself. The well known obscurity whioh attaohes to the wholo of this passage, may bo readily ac cepted 03 a justification of Mr Sullivan's desire to impart a meaning to it different from the one ordinarily adopted, and if tho passage ooncluded at tho word " euooess " hie reading might bo accepted ae at least a possible, and certainly a fsr_ from inconsistent inter pretation of its moaning, 33ut tho latter clause, beginning, " that but this blow," is so manifestly a reduplication of tho expression immediately preceding it, that tho unity of the whole passage is impaired if it bo not made oontinuous with what goes before. The wholo Boliloquy, in faot, bears an analogy to the cneln « later caso tho speculation is as 'tn?i!y m "» quences that may mult fr0TO con,,. . of suicide, in tho other it ha, ,,f : those which may coma about Lm uCnc« <0 i of a murdor. Mr Sullivan's reaZ ,b d">l j in no respect dogs the text ith L 1 cation ; on tho contrary, it , c ' breaking up a long sentence ?' 0M il b; i smeller ones. The great endeavou- Shaksperian student, however. !, ?' j the meaning intended by the «nii w««t i that should be an involved one ? perhaps no bettor way of doini so t her#.h ; occasional trying of Msront wfr pointing any particular nasse!? £' & > this is done cautiously and hei'- this spirit should wo approach om ' -it can hardly help but that ga® JS'- from tho endeavour. In thi« 11 "0» quite euro Mr Sullivan acts |,|X ' 41 congenial task of drvelop"' wealth of thoso undying work! £ Ull,t« highest purposo of hi. art to unfold „ lb« lie nvaiis himself of ovory ouxili,,r n1!601 : shod Additional light upon the mfv r 10 - labour of lovo. So manifoat i!d J a '.of b» enthusiasm in tho proiecution of hi s i" ' with tho best purpose ' sionally a litllo beyond tl,o b u d8 nv rigorous regard for tho inteeritv n . might dictate. For ontranoo, instead of being acciamsJi a by Banquo as is usually th0 modr himself to ho preceded by somo of 'hi. i,U!P and by way of gWcg reahly To 'rof interpolates a line Mi M Command they make a halt npon tl»w I Tho effect of this i, unqueationrKI ri inasmuch as it relieves tho apectator ®r supposing that tho two guurals anT j about , upon the heath, separated fr0n?|| . army, a ouppomtion clearly ineoniJ? -T the faot of haviog just nehieved a growl? Tho accompaniment of troops neMi JTft ' utterance of the command, and as to th. l'Z I ico cf interpolation, Mr Sullivan m.t T : the usage of other actors who have m'ls1 a ditions to Shakapero without limil or and not alwaya with tho same judgment S has Bhown. On general grounds it ;! i? wholly desirable that additions of thhlM should ho attemptod, but tho very fa-t „ Si being so attempted is dircet proof (f,l' ;£ session of that inquiring spirit, wilhoul wSftl Ltnv LH TCQH Thin ocdaait t&tor.; So that while being urublo in e2» : instance to attest tho pe.fact suitability of ft' Sullivan's reading, .a.sonly bare jueticctoawS' him high praise fortlio efforts hemaks.,toinS: his oharaotors with on appropiiato msarinV Mra Heir's Lady Macbeth does not reach peifeot embodiment cf tho ohnruclor. not fXv any lack of tlio power to comprehend it,.; from any inability to grasp what is intellee. tually easontiol to it, but from' the simple cumstanco that there aro certain physical stffii! butes associated wish it to which she cuft' lay claim. It is no detraction from Mir Heire great merits to soy that the part hit? among those, in whioh sho appears to n h advantage. Of the rest of the characters, tffifi were, without exception, sustained wiih sr. treme caro and ability. Tlio part cf Dials was supported by Mr Wharton, whose ffi massive voice wob of excellent use in gf proper effect Jo it. Mr Sheruio, too, with muoh taslo ns one of tho witches, and W ohoruses, aided by tho admirable orchestic did very suflioieut justice to Locke's exquisitely beautiful mueio. ROYAL HAYMARKET. 1 MR. AND MRS CHARLES KEAN'S PERFOHMANOK8. " Hamlet " was repeated on Saturday eight lo a splendid house. Tho audience shoved; neither inability nor disinclination to recognie the fiao effects accomplished by Mr ond Mil' Kean in tbo course of their performances, add the recalls wero more numerous than eter. To-night "Macbeth" will be performed, Ms ond Mrs Eenn representing reipectirely the ambitious Tbano and his wife. ' 