TO RANDAL MACDONKELL, ESQ., HEAD ISSPECTOB OF SCHOOLS. Sib, — In your letter, which appeared iu the North Australian, and the other journals of the city. --f the 10th instant, you stated that I denounced you from the altar. Allow me to inform you that 1 neither named, nor nlluded to you. I spoke only of the members of the Young Men's Society. and of the acting building Committee -if St. Stephen's C-iurch, aud you are not a member of either body. The tone of your letter is wantonly inso lent, and irreverent towards me. your Bishop, aud many of the statements it con tains are rasb and unfounded. I give the following 'as a specimen: — ' No donbt, Mr. Kennedy — whose new born zeal would be worthy, at least, of admiration if it were only tempered with a slight degree of discretion — hastened with *? flying feet ' to pour into the sympathetic ear of the Bishop that version of my saj' inffs which his heated imagination dictated. Otherwise, hnw can anyone account for the vile report ' communicated ' to the North Australian, and published on Saturday? How, for the placards ou Monday, calling, in outrageous language, for a meeting of Roman Catholics, who knew nothing of what they were to meet f,-r, except from the garbled report already alluded to, or from the active emissaries who derived their inspiration from Mr. Kennedy ? Yet were the people expected to ' pass ' whatever re solutions might ba dictated tn them by the same high authority, under the direction of the Bishop— and this without allowing the unfortunate offender (supposing him to be such) adenitis, or the ' benefit of clergy' before his condemnation.' What right have you to write thus of me. your Bishop? What need was there for supposing that I had to learn your sayings, as yon call them, from Mr. Kennedy; when there were two of my clei-sy present — one presidio £, the other attending? On what grounds do yon connect me with a commu nication in the North Australian, with ' placards' calling a meeting, in nutrageons language ? On what evidence do yon assert that it was under my direct2 on the resolutions, which the people were expected to pass, weru dictated ? I see no reasou why you shonld write of me, your Bishop, in such a wantonly indo lent strain. Unless it be with a view to draw me into an angry controversy. Let me remind you that yonr attack on me, made at the meeting of the building committee, was unprovoked on my part : that the accusations you hrnnght against me were destitute of ibundatiim. as I shall show when yon attempt to substantiate them ; that you have made these diaries, not as one ordinary member of society acainst another, but as a Catholic against his Bishop ; that the slanderous accusations yon brought against me at the meeting are but the public expressions of what you have been long privately circulating; that the bitter and irreverent antagonism, which you have maintained towards me, since my arrival in this diocese is but a continuation of your conduct towards every ecclesiastic*! superior you have had since your arrival in these colonies ; that you are now endeavoring to create here the same disunion and schism between the laitv and clergy, aud among the laity themselves, which you did create ia Now South Wales ; and, hence, it is my duty to meet you as yonr Bishop, aud not as an angry anta gonist. The line of cocduct which I should pnr sne towards you, under the circumstances described, is not arbitrary or optional, but definitely and imperatively marked out. It is thus laid down in the Conncil of Trent, Sess. 13, chap. 1 : — ' The same sacred and Holy Synod — lawfully assembled in tiie Holy Ghost — the same legate and nuncios of the Apostolic See presiding therein — pro posing to ordain certain things which relate to the jurisdiction of bisliop'4 in order that they may. iu accordance with the decrees of ]ast se-wioD. so modi the more willingly reside in the churches committed to them, by how much they shall be able, with greater ease and convenience, to rule, and to keep iu propriety of life and conversation those subjict to them, thinks it meet that tiie bishops be first of all admonished to bear iu mind that they are pastors, and not strikers; and that they onght so to preside over those subject to them as not to lord it over them, but to love them as sons and brethren : and to strive, by exhortation and admonition, to deter them from what U unlawful, that they may not be obliged, should they transgress, to coerce them by due punishment. Towards whom, however, should they happen to Kin in any manner, thiough human frailty, that injunction of the apostle is by bishops to be observed — ' that they reprove, entreat, ra bufce' them in all kindness and doctrine ; seeiug that henevolence towards those to be corrected, often effects more than austerity ; exhortation more than menace — charity more than power. But if, on account of the grievousness of tiie transgression, there be need of the rod. then is rigor to be tempered with gentleness — judgment with mercy, severity with Unity; that such discipline, so salutary, and necessary for the people, may be preserved without harshness; and they who are chastened may be amended, or. if they will not repent, that others, by the wholesome example of their punishment, may be deterred from vices ; since it is the office of a pastor, at once vigilant and kind, to apply, first of all, gentle fomentations to the disorders of his sheep, and afterwards to proceed to sharper and more violent remedies, wheti the grievonsness of the dis temper may require them ; but if not even these art- tka&ial; in' relhovlog-fli.JSft-dis- ordera, fch»n is he te free' (die ptherah'eep at least from the danger of contagion.'' _ ? '? : In accordance with fie directions ana in junctions contained in theToregoing chapter of rite Council of Treat, jrct qabteC I have frequently, ia private, exhorted yon to lay aside your partisanship, to live as an obedient, and edifying' Catholic, and to discharge yonr pnblic dnties with a spirit of justice and imparti ality. I besought yon' before yon got marriad, to weigh well the step you ware about to take, and unless you could calculate on eeasing to be the violent and restless partisan you hafl hitherto shown yourself, that it wonld be oof ust to associate witb Yourself the excellent eirl von were about to marry in tiie misery which was sure to overtake you. I have ^brought you, when iu Sydney, to Mr. Duncan, a gentleman well known and much respected in Brisbane, and to whose opinion and judgment yon professed much deleTence. and to the Verv Bev. Dr. Forest, Sector of St. John's College, Sydney, in whomyoulikewisoprofentohaveconridonce, fihajt tfiisa 'taro sjood 'men 'might use their personal influence with yon to indnceTOO toact a*i« sensible and iptight man, ooth fu your ^bUe and private^oapataty. ' ? 'I pointed oat to you ihav unless you cha'aged your haMt».-or discourteous and party sp^Ht would, at ?some period, rin ftanger ? Winbt&intoatioa; yon then held ani ttill I imw again exhort you with a. most friendly teefeng towards yourself, and (v %n^utBoooi| *y i 'W|W '-''IsTcewA' fof yOwtr 'ovyi spirited and temporal wteresta. for-your ?mofiendhw -wife and children, and for the feelings of Hie jfnaOs who have taken a kindly Interest to yon, in order that you may cease to be what you hare fattinrto been, and to return to your dnt? ai a Catholic to desist from the wicked ami I inimical course which you have loag I pursued towards the chnrch. of which you I profess to be a member. an4 allow I yourself to be influenced by that spirit of | charity which regulates the conduct of all I her faithful children, and proves them so ba 1 followers of her Divine Founder. 1 Should you decide nut to pursue this j course, the next, which I would recom mend, and which I believe it to be your duty to follow, is to leave the chnrch. Whichever course you adopt, you are at liberty, as far as I am concerned, to use all the available information yon can procure to substantiate the charges you have made, or any others you miy choose to make azainst me. I waive entirely any privilege I may posses* as your ecclesiastical superior, which might be an impediment in ynur placing before th» public a justification of yourconduct. slioold vou choose to do so. I even nromise von that any thine you may think fit to allege will not make your case worse with me, a* yourecclesiastical superior,tlian it is already. If it at all alter* it, it must be for the better, as even bad reasons, if sincerely be lieved in, must tend to palliate yonr fault, whilst by refuting them I shall have an op. portnnity of removing false impressions, psrhapa. from yourown inind, and, certainly, from the minds of a few gentlemen in Bris bane, whom you hare unwarrantably pre judiced against me, but whom 1 still number among m-- friends. ? i It is my earnest desire, as well as my duty, to act towards you with the utmost moderation ; but, do not deceive yourself, it ' is also my duty to preserve from contagion the flock committed to my care. I remain. Sir, Yours, &c.; t JAMES QCINN. 