G A It D E N E 11 S' C A L E N DElt FOR FEBRUARY. ( From the Yeoman) "Kitchen Garden. — The late genial rains and tlm increasing heat of the weather, have made a corresponding improvement in the growth of vege tal ion. Melons and other tender annuals, as cucumbers, vegetable marrows, tomatoes, anil capsicums, have long been kept back by the cold and wet weather ; unless the warm season is sufii-- ciently prolonged, melous will scarcely have time to ripen in some places. Some people recommend to sow cucumbers, melons, &c.;, in hollows ; others, again, advocate sowing them on raised mounds of earth. It need scarcely be said that both are equally wrong. In wet summers, if small artificial hollows are made they act as receptacles for the water, and in dry seasons a raised mound of earth will soon be deprived of the necessary moisture. " If the ground should be naturally moist, the seeds may be sown on a slight -elevation'; otherwise a flat surface is to be preferred. Those who have adopted a hollow cavity will learn a lesson from the effects of the late wet weather. The same rule holds good with other things, asthe planting- of potatoes, &c.; The distinctive character pos sessed- by the various kinds of melons is becoming lost, by injudicious crossing of dissimilar species or varieties. The mischief is effected by insects conveying' the pollen or farina from one plant to another ; and, supposing the water melon and preserving melon were sown in the same plot of ground, the produce would partake of the qualities of each, and be absolutely worthless. For this reason, small gardens are not adapted for contain ing many sorts of this class of plants. The kinds which are most apt to mix are the pumpkins, gourds, vegetable marrows, and cucumbers:; the water, sugar, and preserving melons ; the rock or Persian melon, and the European— the latter is distinguished by its prominent ribs and thick riiul, and by its musky smell ; the Persian by its thin skin, and fine juicy flavour. Nuaierous hybrid varieties of the sweet, or, as it is generally called, rock melon, are also in cultivation. This month is invariably the driest and hottest month in the year ; whether it will uphold its traditionary character this season is an enigma. Continue to follow the directions given for last month, in dig ging over vacant plots of ground, collecting and preparing manures, &e.; This is a good time of the year to cart manure on to the land, before the busy season and wet weather sets in. Clear oil' exhausted crops, and keep the ground clear of weeds. Give an occasional hoeing to growing crops, whether there are any wepds or none. On moist, free, light soils, a few carrots may be tried ; .sometimes a good crop is obtained, the weather being favourable. Sow a good supply of turnips, cabbage for spring crop, and cucumbers, cauli flower, vegetable marrow, spinach, French beans, peas, lettuce, and radish as required. Plant cab bage and cauliflower in quantity; celery and lettuce in moist weather ; brocoli and savoys to conie forward in winter ; and a few early potatoes in light rich soils. Choose strong plants of cabbage for withstanding the drought. As cucumbers show fruit pinch off the ends of. the the shoots ; attend to thinning and regulating melons, vegetable marrows, &c.; ; peg down the runners to prevent them being blown about by the wind. Choose moist soils for sowing seeds at this season, or sow them after a shower of rain and on newly-turned soils. A light covering of mulch will, protect cucumbers and vegetuble marrows froin drought, and is particularly requisite after watering, which should be doue thoroughly; slight sprinklings are injurious rather than otherwise. At this season choose the early kind of peas for sowing. Mulching would be of great benefit to crops at this season — as for melons, cucumbers, and especially after planting out celery in trenches. By the practice of mulching, the cool climates of northern Europe are imitated, and it is one of the principal means of securing fine juicy, vegetables. Iu hot climates, by mulching, the moisture is lire- served, and the ground kept. at a cool and even, temperature. In using manure for mulching,, if it is uot already fino euough for the purpose, it should be broken up small with a rake, as the closer it lies to the surface of the ground the better it will retard the evaporation of moisture, and afford no harbour for crickets. Mauy plants are saved in the hottest seasons, simply by pro tecting tifem with a little mulch, and, perhaps, an occasional watering. ' Fruit Garden. — Budding., fruit trees may still be carried on if .the bark rises freely. Loosen the ties of those fruit trees previously budded ; if the sap is swelling the stock, and the tie he not -examined, much injury to the tree and to the in serted bud may follow. In some soils, orange trees.planted last year should be supplied with water; indeed, water in the summer time will never do. them any harm, provided it is not al lowed to stagnate in tho subsoil. Mr. M'Ewin says: "The Paris nurserymen cover the spaces between the rows of their young trees with leaves or short littery dung. At Nervi (one of the most famous places iu Italy for cultivating the orange), the orange- growers always mulch the ground about the roots of their plants. Tiles are excellent, also fluttish stoues, and what are called London bricks." Peach and mulberry trees should have some straw placed under them to preserve the falling fruit from injury. Peaches are in perfection when they part readily from the branch ; this rule can be applied to apricots, figs, plums, and other fruits. Look over the orchard trees, and thin out superabundant and misplaced shoots. Place stakes or props to those branches overloaded with'fruit, and requiring support to prevent them from, being broken by the wind. Attend to the thinning of the fruit of orange and lemon trees in bearing. Flower Garden. — The hotseasonisnotfavour- ahle-to flowers ; their beauty may be much enhanc ed by regularly removing decayed flowers of sucli plants as throw up a succession. Plants in tended for late flowering in tho window, as cal ceolarias or fuschins, should bo kept free from flowers now-; and, for the same purpose, some of the best annuals may be potted and placed iu a shady situation. Examino bulbs that they are not damp, or they will soon become mouldy aud injured. Watering proves so very beneficial in accelerating the fresh rooting, and setting plants off in a free growth, that it should never be oirut- ted where convenience of water and time permit. Continue to mow grass plots, lawns', walks, &c.;, frequently, before they are permitted to grow rough. Keep gravel walks in. good order; roll them occasionally. Flower Borders, Shrubberies. — Attend to preserving neatness in flower bor ders and shrubberies, and other similar compart ments ; eradicate all weeds by hoeing or hand- weeding; cut down dead flower stalks and tie up those advancing; afterwards run over "the ground with a rake, clearing off weeds, and leav ing the surface even. Look to budded roses, and rub of buds from the stems, and remove suckers ; loosen the ties of those budded sometimes. Mulch and water balsams and cockscombs. It is a good plan to loosen the surface of the ground before watering. The Japan lilies (Lilium .lancifulium and its varieties) are among the most choice plants blooming at this season; place sticks to the flower-stems and tie them. Attend to tying up and thinning the stems of dahlias. Camellias and American plants, as rhododendrons, azaleas, kal mias, also the Indian azaleas (azalea Indica), will require attention; those . recently planted mulch with leaf-soil and a portion of rotted dung, water them thoroughly occasionally, and protect from the sun. Gladioli, the perennial piiloxes, &c.;, tie up. Annuals should be removed as soon as the flowers decay, unless seed from them is required, when a portion may remain : but in the majority of cases the earliest flowers will have perfected their seeds before the plants become unsightly. Bulbs. — Continue to take up any whose leaves are decayed. Useful Note on Char ring Soil. — -Turf from a pasture which will take a considerable time' to decompose and char by the regular and natural means, can ho procured by tho following simple and short process Place four bricks, raised two on two, about three feet distance from four others similarly. arranged, upon which place a sheet of iron large enough to rust on the bricks; by- making a fire under this simple contrivance, and allowing your turf to remain till charred, it will when mixed, make an excellent stimulant for annuals, herbaceous aud pot-plauts of all sorts. Tjtn-; Vineyard. — Tho present unprecedented wet . and stormy season has had a pernicious effect upon some varieties of the vine. " In many of the vineyards near Geelong the reissling hall quite failed ;" and tho black cluster and frontig- nan have suffered much. It appears evident that vignerons will have to be more cautious than hitherto as to the sorts of vines chosen for soils which, in seasons like the present, retain an undue quantity of moisture. The scyras or hermitage, gouais, esparte, black Hamburgh, chasselas, Mil ler's Burgundy, matara, carignan, and verdeillio appear to be sufficiently hardy and full of vigour on all classes of soils. -In the.. Geelong district tho matara and carignan arc reported to ripen imperfectly. There are few kinds of grape vine that can bo planted in low, damp situations. The varieties of the North American -species — Vitus vuipina — namely, Isabella and catawba, will suc ceed in situations which are too moist for the generality of sorts. Tho black Hamburgh is un doubtedly the best European grape for dump soils; it is excellent for wine.-making, saving that it is difficult to "fine." The chasselas is bccom- ing quite a favourite as a wine grape-; it is equally esteemed by Messrs. Do Castella and An derson at Yering, by the Count de Dollon at Haw-, 'thorn, and in the Geelong district. It is one of the earliest ripening grapes, a free bearer, making n delicate-flavoured wine, and tho plant is free from diseases, and. very hardy. This variety is known under a multitude of syuonyms, as golden chasselas, white muscadine, &c.; It may be re marked that only two sorts of vines have been chosen by tho Geelong Vineyard Company— -the chasselas (white), and Miller's Burgundy (black). To forward the lutc-ripcning kinds, which are likely to lie backward in some localities if the season continues stormy, the surface of the ground is recommended to be kept free from weeds. For in vineyards a clean surface answers in a great degreo the purpose of a wall, by reflecting the sun heat upon tho foliage and fruit, the grapes ripening sooner, and acquiring a richer flavour. The fruit should be in perfect shade, though not more than a single tier of leaves should interpose between the solar rays and the bunch. When the fruit is moderately shaded, the size aud quality of the berries is much superior. Heavy rains or extreme heat are alike rendered compar atively innoxious when the bunches are screened by thefoliuge. Attend to tying and regulating the shoots. Look over the vineyard occasionally for caterpillars. .War Prices. — The Times published from a private letter the following as the prices now asked in Charleston for provisions : — Butter, which was before the war about Gd. per 11)., is now 16s. 8d. ; cofiee, which was about 7Jd. is now -19s. ; tea, which was 2s. 2-1. to 2s. fid., is now about £2 10s. per lb. ; beef, which was 41. a lb. is now "4s. 2d..; one real of sewing cotton, which formerly cost about 3d. is now Gs. 3d., and so forth. A Printer to the Last. — During the last moments of Winn, a Rochester printer who lately died, lie was heard to say, having relapsed into a serai-delirious state : "I am on my last stickful— I am coming to a paragraph, and I suppose I'll have to wait for old death to put in a period. Sale of toe Great Eastern Steamship. — On the 14th of January next Messrs. Cunard, Wilson, and Co., of Liverpool, will offer the steamship Great Eastern for sale by auction, by order of tho mortgagees. The French emperor's speech on the opening of the session consisted of 2044 words. The transmission by telegraph from the central station in Paris commenced as soon as it was ascertained that the reading had been completed, which was about half- past 1. The average time occupied in the transmission to France and Europe was an hour and a quarter. The capitals for which the longest time was required, from a want of direct communication, were Rome, St. Petersburg, Athens, and Lisbon. The speech was neverthe less received everywhere before the evening, and the journals of the whole of Europe produced it on tho following morning, the same as those of Paris. Soutiiern Conditions of Peace. — The fol lowing appears in the Richmond Enquirer of the lGth October : — " Save on our own terms we can accept no peace whatever, and must fight till doomsday rather than yield an iota of them, aud our terras are : Recognition by the enemy of the independence of the Conferato States. With drawal of the Yankee force from every foot of Confederate ground, including Kentucky and Missouri. Withdrawal of. the Yankee force from Maryland until that State shall decide, by a free vote, whether she shall remain iu the old Union, or ask admission into the Confederacy. Consent, on the part of the Federal Government, to give up to the Confederacy its proportioa of the navy, as it stood at the time of secession, or to pay for the same. Yielding up all pretensions on the part of the Federal Government to that part of' the 'old territories which lie west of the Confede-- rate States. An equitable settlement on the basis of our absolute independence, and equal rights of. all accounts of the public debt and public lands, anil the advantages accruing from foreign treaties. These provisions, we apprehend, .pom- prise the minimum of what we must require be fore; we lay down our arms — that is to say, tho North must yield all— we nothing; and as they have waged a wicked and causeless war upon us, they ought in strict justice be required, accord ing to usage ia such cases, to reiaiburso to us the whole of our' expenses and losses in the course of that war. As surely as we completely ruin their armies, so surely will we make them pay our war debt, though we wring it out of their hearts. And they. know it well; therefore they cannot make peace except from their ultcr- inability to strike another blow. The stake they .'have to forfeit if they lose the game is as vital ours. So is lite stake to ho won. It is no less than the entire possession of our whole country, with us in it, and all wo own, to have and to hold to them and their heirs for ever. Once mo.re we say it is all or nothing. The Confederacy or the Yankee nation — one o?- the other must go down, forfeit its national existence, and lie at the feet of its mortal enemy. Meade's army and llusecran's are scattered. Lincoln can get no more armies. The draft turns out manifestly fruitless. Both the German and the Irish element are for peace. The Yankees have to bear the brunt of the war themselves ; but iu the meantime their inevitable bankruptcy is advancing like an armed man. ' Hungry ruin has them iu the wind,' an I it can-- not be long before tho Cabinet of Washington will have to consider seriously terms of peace, under auspices and circumstances very different from the present. For tbo present let tlio war roll and thunder on, and God defend the right." The Great Eastern a Haunted Siiii'.— In course of a paper read by Captain Baton, rel tivu to the repairs of tho Great Eastern, he stated that an impression got abroad that the ship was haunted, the alleged ghost bcing:that of an un fortunate rivetter, who was heard plying his avo cation in one of the wells or compartments. Cup- tain Paton stated that before tho vessel left this country he believed that one of the raeu employed iu her construction was missing. The man was a rivetter ; he was missed from the ship, and never came for his wages, the supposition being that he had been rivetted up in some part of. the vessel. So firmly impressed were some of the men with this idea that they left the ship -in consequence. They affirmed that they had heard their departed friend busily engaged rivotling in the middle of the night. The story was believed by many per sons in New York, and on one occasion wliilu the ship was under repair a diver signalled to be drawn up. He appeared pale with fright, and declared the ghost of the rivetter was busy in the bottom part of the ship; in fact that lie began rivetting immediately over his head. Such was the consternation, amongst the divers that they called iu tlio aid of one of the spirit mediums, who are somewhat numerous in the city of New York. The medium came on board ship, und after an ex amination declared that the missing man was there both "in body and spirit." Fortunately he (Captain Paton) by pure accident was enabled to dispel the illusion. Being in a boat near the hows of the ship, he discovered that a swivel connected with the moorings worked to and fro, the move ment causing a chink or vibration which, at times, more especially at night, was heard throughout the vessel. It was this sound, which lffid conjur ed up, in connection with the supposed fate of the unfortunate rivetter, the phantom whose myste rious doings' spread such consternation on board tlio big ship.— -Liverpool Albion. How Australians c.et Plundered at Home. — Five most respectable- looking persons were placed at the dock of the Commission Court, 'to tako their trial on a charge of robbery. Their names are Arthur Robert Tisdull, Eliza Tisdall, his wife, Sarah Nesbitt, Margaret Cunningham, and Bedelia French — Mrs. Tisdall's three sisters. There were also arraigned with them two servants, named Mary Kellnyhy and Catherine Kelly. The circumstances of the case are very peculiar. The prosecutrix, Mrs. Maria Bucklaml, came from Now South Wales (where her husband now resides) to this country about four months ago, and in the month of July she took lodgings iu Mr. Tisdall's house, No. 5, Ontario- terrace, iu tho Ruthmiues township. She brought with her an immense quantity of valuable property — wearing apparel, linen, &e.;, contained in thirteen trunks and pack ing cases. She remained at Mr. Tisdall's for six weeks, and during that time she missed a quantity of goods, among which were several silk dresses. On tl.e 1st of September she was obliged to go to London, and then the female prisoners commenced a wholesale plunder of her effects. Iler boxes were broken open, and dresses, tablecloths, sheets, &c.;, carried off to the pawnbroker's, while pieces of silk and satin were consigned to two dress makers, to he made into robes for the plunderers. After twelve days Mrs. Bucklaud returned and put the matter into the hands of the detectives. On the officers proceeding with Mrs. Buckland to search Mr. Tisdall's house, Mrs. Tisdall flew at the prosecutor, struck her a blow in the face, and threw several tliing3 at her. A great number of duplicates were found in the houses of the pri soners, who lived uear each other, and tho officers succeeded iu recovering the greater proportion of the stolen property— about £200 worth. The defence set up was that Mrs. Buckland had either given the articles as presents to the female pri soners, or in payment of an alleged debt. Judge Kesgh, in charging the jury, observed that the two defences contradicted each other, and the stolon property was too largo and valuable to support either ground. There being no evidence against Mr. Tisdall, he was discharged, as were also the two servants, who had only taken the goods to the pawn-offices, by direction of their respective mistresses.- The four remaining female prisoners were found guilty and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment with hard labour. Tliey fainted on hearing the sentence. — November Australian Mail. Ned Christy. — I suppose Ned Christy was the founder'of the African Iustitute of Minstrelsy. When extremely poor he used to dance " Jim along Josey," in Buffalo. There he became ac quainted with a widow, the mother, I believe, of the celebruted George Christy. They were mar ried. She came with Ned to New York, where fame and fortune awaited him. " Christy's minstrel's," fifteen years ago, shot ahead of any other performances. Ned's wife gave him two children (now grown up to be fine- young men). Ned was a wild one. In one of his night excur sions lie fell in with a clever girl in a house of ill-fame. He took her out, hired a house for her, and she literally taught liiin to read and write. A year ago, Ned Christy walked out of a window and broke his neckj lie lived a few days (two) afterwards. During that time he married this kept girl, and made a will leaving her all his property. His sons by the first wife contested it before Surrogate Sachen. Yesterday, E. P. Christy (the son) produced in court the bones of the neck of his father, and Dr. Bouton clearly convinced Judge Tucker that the neck of Ned Christy was so injured at tho time ho jumped out of the window that lis could neither have signed the will purporting to be his, nor have married the girl just , before Ms death. How curiously things turn ou'tT This girl thought she had a sure, thing with' the marriage and tiie will, as she had plenty of witnesses to swear to both, but the evidence from the grave has upset all the others — Manhattan. Tiie Young Kino of toe Greeks. — An Athens letter of the 15th contains tho subjoined : The ; Athenians are becoming daily more and more pleased with' their young king. They are surprised at the. simple, modest, and really an tique life he leads. lie walks through the streets alone on foot, or with one of his young Danish friends — saluting all, stopping to converse with the people, visiting the vegetable market, inquir ing the prices of the articles exposed for sale, &c.; King Otho, on the contrary, never went out but with the greatest solemnity. King George at tends the national divine service on Sundays. It is reported that he is about to embrace the faith of his subjects, but I do not believe the state ment. All the promotions made in the army since the revolution have been abolished by the National Assembly. In an nrmy of 4000 men, in one day not less than 300 sub-lieutenants were appointed. The lieutenants made them selves colonels, and Iltuffoti, a simple writer, bo- came general-iii-chief. The Government has just given a mark of confidence to the inhabitants. It lias replaced the English and French sailors who guarded the Bank, by a body of -twenty gen darmes. A Labourer's Savings.— On Tuesday the coroner at Leamington held an inquest upon the body of Henry Reade, alias Henry Harrold, alias Henry Cooke, aged sixty- three, a bricklayer's labourer. For many years past, however, the deceased had beeu employed in the scullery of a publican. He met with his death in a shocking manner. Having become intoxicated by drinking an excessive quantity of brandy, he fell, and in jured his head so severely that lie died in conse quence. The superintendent of police, on search ing the room occupied by the deceased, found that lie had amassed a large amount of property, al though in the humblest circumstances. In Ms hat were £57 10s. in gold, £2 5s. in silver, Od. iu coppers, aud in a separate packet £8 in silver. There was also a depositor's hook of the Warwick and Leamington Savings Bank, dated January, 1862, for" £30 ; and another hook, connected with' the same bank, showing that in the month of January, 1851, he made a deposit of £140. Besides this, there were several others — one fur £21, deposited in April, 1858; in June, 1862, £35; January, 1859, £60; Juno, 1855, £50 ; September, 18G0, £30; while another book- showed a balance in his favour, iu the Coventry Savings Bank, of £154 ISs. ; another in the Warwick Savings Bank, with a balance of £193 13s. 3d.; and a third showing a balauce in the Banbury Bank of £194. The books bore the different names of Reade, Cooke, aud llarrohl. There were also in the box two bills of exchange for £20 each, for sums which he had lent to a tradesman in the town, und a promissory note for £10, Tho total amount of money belonging to the deceased was £1026 2s. 9d., which the" re latives are likely to lose in consequence of the moneys having been deposited in fictitious names. The King of Bavaria embarked on a steamer hound for Civita Veccliia, but the weather being very rough, he insisted on landing before reaching that place. He made his way to a lonely inn, and found that all the food hail been engaged for a sportsman. lie, liowevi-r, shared his meal with his Majesty. The King then inquired the sports man's name, to whom lie was indebted for his morning's meal. The sportsman cheerfully told his name; aud inquired, in return, who it was that had favoured Mm liy sharing his omelette. " I am the King of Bavaria," replied the guest, very simply, and shaking hands, took his depar ture. Tiie King of Annam's Presents to the Queen of Spain. — A Madrid letter, iu speaking of the 'reception of the Annamite Ambassadors, says " Tho presents sent by the King of An num to the Queen of Spain are 43 in number. Among them are boxes and dressing-cases in ivory, mother-of-pearl, and different metals ; six gold and five silver coins; a pound of odoriferous wood, called tramnhuang ; five pounds of cinna-" mon ; forty rolls of silk, of different kinds, manu factured in the kingdom of Annum ; thirty pounds of the flour of a tuherclo called tlihuynhtin ; 200 pounds of white sugar, and 1000 pounds of powdered sugar." A Family of Giant's.— Robert Hales, known as the Norfolk Giant, died at great Yarmouth on Sunday, 22ml November. Hales was born at West Somertnn, a village a few-miles from Yar mouth, in 1820, and was therefore only 43 years of age. He came of a family remarkable for their great stature, his father, a farmer, been 6 feet 6 inches in height, and his mother 6 feet. An ancestor of his mother's was said to have been that famous warder of bluff King Hal, who stood 8 feet 5 inches in height. Of such Patagonian parents the progeny were worthy; the boys were " sons of Anak," averaging six feet five inches each, and the girls of Amazonion develop ment, averaging 6 feet 3i inches each. Robert was the flower of the flock, and stood 7 feet G inches, weighing 452 lbs. One of Ms sisters, with whom he exhibited some years ago, was 7 feet 2 inches, but she died in 1842, being then only 20 years of age. 1-Iule3 was stout in proportion to his height, though somewhat clumsily put together. When in his prime he was 65 inches round the chest, 62 round the waist, 36 across the shoulders, and 21 round the calf of the leg. During his career he visited several continental capitals, and was presented to Louis Philippe while King of the French. He was introduced to the Americans under the auspices of Barnum, and " drew" immensely, 28,000 per- sons having flocked to see him in ten days. On his return to this country ho had the honour of being presented at Court, when her Majesty gave him a gold watch and chain, of which he was particularly proud, and wore to the day of his death. During last summer ho went to Yarmouth for the benefit of his health, and seemed to rally under the genial summer weather, but as autumn wore on he gradually declined, and died on Sun day morning of consumption. Shocking Tragedy at Guildford.— A shock ing tragedy was perpetrated at Guildford on 6th November, by a sergeant in the 3rd Buffs, who murdered his wife, and then attempted to commit suicide. On Sunday evening hist Sergeant Joseph Maghe, of the regiment named, call -d at a public- house kept by Mrs. Iledger, iu Guildford, and, stating that he was on furlough, asked if his wife and self could be accommodated. He was told they could, and both of them came accordingly. The sergeant was apparently 28 years of age, and his wife rather younger. On Thursday he told the landlady that his mother-in-law was coming to sec them, and asked that she would provide a good dinner on the following day, that he might show his relative proper hospitality. As neither the sergeant nor his wife had come down stairs by eleven o'clock on Monday morning, and nothing had been seen of tho mother-in- law, the landlady becamo alarmed, and got a superintendent of of police to break open the door. He did so, and discovered the wife lying dead. A rope had been twisted tightly round her neck, causing suffoca tion. Maghe was weltering in his blood, which was flowing from a severe gash in his throat. A sharp knife was lying near him. Surgical aid was called in, and his wounds sewn up. There is a probability that he may recover. The cause of the shocking occurrence is not yet known. Wool, Tallow, and Hides Market. — On Thurs day Messrs. Richardson and Wrench submitted a catalogue comprising 145 bales, of which only 38 wore sold, the principal lots being LG, IShales fleece nt lSd. ; and S, 19 bales skin wool, and 12d. per lb. Messrs. Mort and Co. catalogued 915 bales, but disposed only of' 201 bales. The principal lots sold were as follow H, 18 bales lloece, nt 1 7 Jd- ; J. 20 bales ditto, 18d. ; SS, 1G bales in grease, lOd. j JL over O, 20 hales fleece, I9Jd. ; JN, 15 bales ditto, 17$d. ; J. 15 bales ditto, 17Jd. ; and It AS, 50 bales ditto, 18R1. Mr. 0. R. Ebsworth offered 239 bales, and disposed of 181 bales at the following prices for the principal lots : — JFJ under triple triangle. 31 bnlcs scoured, at 20Jd.; F, 11 bales fleece, 17il. ; 13. 17 bales ditto, 174d. ; D, 14 bales ditto, 171-d. ; It over J, -15 bales ditto, 19)d. ; and ExJ, 25 bales ditto, 18Jd per lb. Messrs. Durham and Irwin offered 1G3 bales and disposed of 102, the principal lots being JMW, 21 bales Morcton Bay fleece, at lS jd.j B iu trianglo over Bnrncleuth, 13 bales ditto, at 1 Od: ; JF over Nerrina, 10 hales 19d. j and Brown, 17 bales in grease, at GJd. per lb. Messrs. W. Dean and Co. offered 35 bales and sold 1 0. of which tho only lot of importance was TI, 11 bales scoured, at 20d. per lb. Mr. II. II. Rein offered OG bales, but sold only 3 bales of clipping and grensy wool, at 9d. to lOJd. per lb, It will bo observed from tho above report, that out of 1013 bales offered, only Q07 wore sold. Sheepskins were offered in about the average quantities, aud all were freely sold at from 0d._ to 8-J-d. per lb., according to condition and weight of wool. The market for tallow lias under gone little alteration during the week.' Qualities suitable to tho requirements of tlio town trade have commanded 27s. Od. to 28s. Gd per ewt., and shipping parcels from 29s. 3d. to 39s. 3d. per ewt. Tho quantity offered for public competition to-day, amounted to 190 casks, of which 179 casks found purchasers. The public sales held were attended with the following results : — Mr. 0. R. Ebsworth offered 40 casks, of which 2 casks realised 27s. Gd., and 38 casks, 28s. Gd. per ewt. Messrs. Mart and Co. catalogued 21 casks, and disposed of 1 1 at 2Gs. Oil. to 29s. 3d. per ewt. Messrs. W. Dean and Co. offered 113 casks, and disposed of the whole. 21 casks of Newington, No. 1 beef, sold for 30s. 3d. ; \V in circle, 25 casks. 30s., and other samples from 27s. Gd. to 29s. 3d. per ewt. Messrs. Durham and Irwin offered 10 casks anil disposed of 15, nt 27s. 9d. to 29s. por ewt. Hides. — There has been little or no variation in priecs, shipping parcels having commanded about last week's rates. A few extra heavy hides, suitable lor the requirements of the Sydney tanners, have commanded extreme prices. The quantity offered this week by auction lias amounted to 1727, of which 1532 were sold. Mr. 0\. D. Ebsworth offered 107, and sold all at Gs. Gd. to 12s. each. Messrs. Mort and Co. offered 271, and disposed of 219, at prices ranging according to quality, at 5s. to lis. each. Messrs. W. Dean and Co. offered 359, and disposed of tho whole. 200 Xcwingtons sold for 12s. ; IV in circle, 130 extra weights, for lis. Od. ; and 29 medium hides for 9s. 3d enuh. Messrs. Durham and Irwin offered 987, and sold 792, tho principal lot being 118 heavy hides, which realised for shipment 12s. 3d. each. The remaining lots sold according to quality, at prices ranging from 7s. Od. to Us. each. 