RUSSIA AND POLAND. [From the Times' Special Corespondent.) St. Petersburg, December 21 I WROTE in a recent letter of the strange accounts of the Polish insurrection circulating in Russia, especially with reference to the origin of the outbreak. The following is an official version of the circumstances which led to the rising, and of the manner in which it is kept up, prepared for the instruction of the peasants, in the Ruthenian provinces (Kieff, Podolia, and Volhynia), and read to them in all the churches. A few short extracts from this curious production have already been published ; but all the historical portion, with many of the reflections and much of the advice, will be quite new to readers in Western Europe. It is in the form of an address, and was written in reply to the proclamation of the Polish National Government offering land, liberty, and cheap brandy to all peasants in the Ruthenian (or Little Russian) provinces, who would take up arms on behalf of Polish independence:— " I have long desired to talk with thee, thou good Russian orthodox people, living in these countries and its communes, but I know not how, so that you might not hear my speech. Now I have determined to talk with you in a manner by no means strange ; that is, I will utter all that God may put into my heart and mind, and share with you all that I know and that may be profitable and necessary for you to hear. But where shall I begin my talking with you, my good people ? My soul is burdened with much that I would gladly say to you; but I must adjourn doing so till other and more peaceable times. By. God's help we shall soon be able to talk about these matters at length ; but now we will discuss what at the present moment old and young, learned and simple, men and women, what all Russians, in short, are thinking of. The people's proverb says, "Always on the tongue is the cause of grief," and to-day we all feel but one grief, from the Czar to the subject. What pain is that? you will ask. It seems to me that must already suppose what I am going to speak about. They guess the grief; but lest any should have failed to imagine the nature of the sore, I will call it by name. It is the revolt of the Poles against our father, the Czar, our deliverer, our defender, our benefactor. Of this I intend to speak to you, my good fellow-countrymen, and I feel it my duty to speak to you about it because this revolt is now in the mind and mouth of everyone in all parts among Russians, and also among the French and Germans, and it is my desire to show you some means by which we may get rid of this disease — that is, of the Polish revolt. This very country of Russia had from time immemorial been under the rule of Russian Princes descending from St. Waldemir, and formed one great family with the Northern, so called Great Russia. But after the invasion of the Tartars, this orthodox Russian coun- try, together with Lithuania, fell under the sway of the Poles, from which Chimelincki first of all delivered Little Russia. The rest of our Russian countries were restored to our Russian family by the Empress Catherine II. How much suffering your fore- fathers had to endure, how our faith, our language, were oppressed by the Catholic Poles, I will tell you in detail another time. The Poles hated the Russians of old because they were Russians and orthodox; and since the never-to-be-forgotten Czarina Catherine recovered this country to Russia, they have lost no opportunity of doing ill to Russia, and have fought to tear away this country from the Government of the Russian Czars, and to bring it under the old tyranny and extravagance of the Polish lords. Since then whoever has been at war with Russia has been aided by the Poles. But special assistance was given by them to Bonaparte the French Emperor, who in 1812, without any cause, invaded our orthodox Russia with all his subject nations. After the fall of this Bonaparte and his dismissal into banishment in the island of St Helena, Poland's neighbours, to whom she had done many evils, divided her into three parts among themselves. To Russia fell Poland Proper, or the Polish kingdom. Hence that chief nest of the restless and rebellious "Lechs." Since that time nearly fifty years have elapsed. In the course of that half-century the Poles might have lived in peace, and more happily than they ever lived before. The protection of the Czar saved them from their neighbouring enemies, checked them in their own domestic disorders, filled their poor land with Russian bread and gold, introduced order into their administration, and defended the weak among them against the mighty. It would seem that nothing more could have been wished for. But no ; the Pole was never fond of peace and order, and he gnashed his teeth at being obliged to obey the Czar, and at not being allowed to maltreat the serfs like beasts, to mock the orthodox religion, to let the Russian churches on lease to Jews, as the Poles said formerly, to take away poor men's property at will, to hang or shoot with impunity — in a word, to live here on Russian soil like a savage in the woods. Having been un re- strained by the excessive mildness of the Emperor Alexander I., and having gained strength under his gracious protection, the Poles revolted in 1830 ; but the late Emperor Nicholas I. punished their outbreak as it deserved — destroyed their bands, took their capital by assault, delivered them over to Russian law, divided Poland into governments, diminished the power of the lords over the peasants, and established in Poland half the order that reigns in Russia. The Poles bowed before him, but the more proud, extravagant, and unmanageable among them retired into foreign countries, telling lies and calum- nating Russia, and the orthodox Russian Czar, as they alone can do, and stirring up envy and hatred against him and against all Russians. And although the Poles had deserved no mercy, nevertheless the boundless grace of our Czar Alexander Nicholai- vitch, the most kind father of all his subjects, dismissed the past in Christian forgetfulness, and gave to Poland many rights and privileges, thinking, 'Perhaps by grace I may bring them to live in brotherhood with me and with Russia ; I will overcome their hatred by love, compassion, and great heartedness.' By no means ! The more the grace of the Czar was multiplied the more were the 'Lechs' ungrateful and seditious; and when the tender Czar, loving his subjects as his children, and considering them as his brothers in Christ, granted the Polish peasants freedom from the arbitrariness and oppression of their lords, then their anger against him grew greater than ever. As they had not learned to labour and live in comfort without the blood and sweat of their serfs, whom they always treated like cattle, they determined to grasp the Russian people once more into their power, and thereupon commenced a revolt against your magnanimous redeemer, beloved of Jesus Christ ! At first the revolt glimmered like a spark in the ashes, almost imperceptibly. The Poles put on mourning, chanted seditious hymns against Russia, murmured in the streets, conspired secretly, gathered among themselves and extorted from the peasants money for the rebellion, excited the nation to rise against the ' beneficent Czar, the Redeemer, and calumniated him, and even the gift of freedom granted by him to the people. In his presence, on the contrary, they calumniated the people, while they caressed and followed him, promising him various fair things, which they never meant to do, just to bring him on to their side, and to sow dis- cord in the Russian family. They fired at their appointed chiefs in the Polish kingdom, killed like assassins several persons who, mindful of their oath, would not take part with the rebels, excited to mutiny our faithful, orthodox, devout soldiers, and narrowly failed to murder the Czar's brother the very day after his arrival in Warsaw, when they could not know how he would govern the Polish Kingdom, and purely from brutal hatred. Meanwhile the plot grew incessantly and bands of conspirators multiplied. The chiefs of the revolt — Polish fugitives who had been concealing themselves abroad — gathered money, commanded risings, spread among foreign nations falsehoods and calumnies against us and against the Czar, saying he oppressed them, and endeavoured by tears and other tender deceptions to arm against us those who envy us. Finally when the chiefs of the rebellion thought they had friends enough abroad, and that sufficient bands of rebels had been collected, then, on the hell-memor- able night of the 22-23rd of January, they fell throughout the whole Polish kingdom on the sleeping Russian soldiers, and stabbed, slew, and strangled them. Those who defended themselves in houses were burnt alive. O my God, how much innocent, orthodox blood was shed by men calling themselves Christians ! How many of our brothers perished that night by the hands of impious, hateful murderers ! It was long since the world had heard of such brutal, ferocious murdering. Such fury is not known even among savage cannibals, and hark! in Poland it raged for the third time in the space of seventy years. The slaughtering thus ordered by the Poles still continues. They are hanging our soldiers by the entrails, flaying the bodies of unarmed generals whom they have killed, falling upon peace- able inhabitants, forcing to revolt the Polish common people who love our Czar and repulse with all their might the rebellious nobles, and very often drag them captive before our military commanders. But when the rebels have force on their side they compel others to follow them into the woods, arm them as they can, find, encountering our military, place them in the front to meet an inevitable death, the rebels themselves, as their forefathers used to do, flying into the thicket. Those on the other hand, who, fearing God, will not join in rebellion with them, are killed without mercy. The Polish priests not only do not check, in the name of Christ, this abominable slaughter, this revolt against the Czar, chosen of God, but, on the contrary, in spite of their calling, provoke this homicide, murder unarmed women, kill their own friends, change the temples of God into dens of robbers, into workshops for every sort of weapon, lead on the bands of rebels, and in their sermons delivered in the churches demand from the tender Jesus the most varied and horrible means for the extermination of the orthodox. But let us turn away our eyes from these Polish murderers and look around us. I have already told you that the Poles endeavour to ingratiate themselves with the people, whom not long ago they oppressed, and what they would devour alive if they could. They attempt it in every manner, pretend- ing to be the people's friends, and promising to them freedom and the distribution of land, and delivery from the recruitment, and cheap brandy, and the education of their children after their fashion, and all other things. Shut your ears my brethren, to their insidious promises ; fly from their Judas-like embraces and kisses, from their perilous Catholic teaching. I conjure you by God not to trust to the words of those men, to whom an oath is a joke, and murder a virtue. If they really wished to do you good they had plenty of time for it, and no one prevented them. Meanwhile, remember how they treated you ten years, and especially forty years ago. At that time you had no property, neither wife nor daughter, nor labour, nor fortune. Now, if such was your existence when the Russian Czar adopted you into his Russian family — when he, with all his strength, sought to protect you against the arbitrariness of the nobles by the inventory law, in which it was clearly laid down how many of you, for how many days, and in what manner, were to labour for the landed pro- pretor, — a law which the landed proprietors scarcely ever observed, — then, what sort of life did you lead 100 years ago, and still further back ? As to that, your bitter life, I will speak to you another time; but now I conjure you again and again, in the name of Christ God, not to believe in these promises of the Poles, to look on all their promises as the bait by which they think to catch your simplicity, that they may afterwards treat you as they please, that they may letter you unarmed into eternal slavery, farm as of old, your churches to the Jews, drive you like cattle, and take from you with impunity all your property and even your lives. Do not forget the Russian proverb, " Pat the horse till you have him in the harness." Bear in mind the Polish proverb,' "Promises and caresses are the delight of fools." Remember that the lords are fighting for their arrogance, and not for your freedom. More freedom than you enjoy now is the portion of no one on the globe. You govern yourselves, you labour two days in the week for your land, and pay a small interest for it, and the rest of your time and all the fruits of your labour are yours. May you profit by your freedom. Just the help of God, and may it become you well ; but also say prayers to God for the orthodox Czar, our never to be forgotten benefactor. Do not believe in the grants of lands by which our enemies, the foes of our Church, Czar, and country, stock to ensnare you to themselves. Indeed, if they really gave you some bit of barren soil, then you will water it with your tears, and you will be imposed with such taskwork for it, that, as it was in old times, you will never have a free holyday. While your other Russian brethren, young and old, men and women, will go on holy days to pray in the church, you will be drenching yourselves with sweat and tears at haymaking on the field; and if they give you anything, they will take it back the first year that they no longer want you. Did any one ever hear of the 'panowie Lackowie ' (Lechite or Polish gentlemen) keeping their words ? A very different thing is the word and promise of our orthodox Czar. If he says anything, so it must be. As he told you that he would ransom the soil for the people from the landed proprietors, so he has done it unalterably. The waters of the Dnieper will turn back before the word of the Czar will remain unfulfilled. Do not believe, my brethren, that, having overpowered you, the lords would free you from re- cruitment. Where would they get their soldiers, a great number of whom they would require with their tumultuous dispositions? When the nobles, now on our soil with swords at our throats, lead your brethren into the woods in order to teach them to rebel against their Czar, what would they do if they could drive you like oxen, treat you like some dead thing, when there would be nobody to defend you ? With cheap brandy the orthodox Christian could only be tempted by the devil, the lech, or the poor Jew. We know very well whither tends the cheap- ness of that accursed brandy. The lord would place a Jew in his inn, the Jew would suck the sweat and blood of the orthodox, would deprive him of his last cow, his last bite of fruit, and his last ten eggs, of his home and happiness, of his health and life. Let us not endure such a diabolic invention and so we shall be happier, richer, and shall live longer. For that reason, brandy is not cheap in our country, in order that the people may feast less and sin less, that they may think more of God, and be more prosperous and more healthy, and that drunkenness should not remain unchecked, the cost of which is devoted to the support of the army, the redemption of the soil, the education of the people, and so on. As to the education which the Catholic Poles would force upon your children, it is not worth speaking of. It is their desire to transform your children into Catholic Poles, to tear them away from the orthodox confession ; but as for teaching them any good, that they never dream of. In general, think as you will of these baits presented by the rebellious and revolt-exciting nobles ; these baits are but falsehoods and treachery, leading to sin, robbery, apostacy, and perjury. Look, my orthodox Russian brethren, with both eyes, look sharply around, and do not allow yourselves to be led away by various liars, rebels, and vagabonds, who, with you or without you, prowl about in divers hiding places. As soon as you perceive any of these gentlemen beginning to approach you, lurking like a fox, beginning to speak against our Czar and the authorities, against our Russian brethren, against our wardens, our orthodox priests, then strike them on arm and leg, and bring them to the authorities. But for God's sake, do not go beyond bounds and rise against the landed proprietors; and whatever you have agreed to and confirmed by your signature in the lawful deed of contract [the gramota of the Emancipation Act] that do exactly and conscientiously without needing con- straint. This is required of you by conscience and justice, and is commanded by God and man. Even among the Polish lords there are many good men who formerly neither wished nor did you wrong. When by the grace of God, either you grow richer, or the merciful Czar ransoms the soil for you, they will then be good neighbours to you, and will willingly assist you with their intellect, advice, protection, and in cases of necessity with their fortune; helping you with loans and other such services as neighbourly ob- ligations. I am obliged now to address some words to you as to one particular effort of the rebels. They perceive that they cannot obtain their bad designs without the country people ; therefore, besides those deceptions by which they have sought to ensnare the peasants, and about which I have already spoken to you, they have calumniated you not only before foreign monarchs, but also before our Russian Czar. They have declared that you all desire a union with Poland — to be separated from your Ruthenian brethren, from the orthodox Czar, your redeemer. A formidable Satanic calumny. But, as to that our Czar did not believe it he is conscious of his people's fidelity, of their love for the faith of their forefathers ; he knows that an orthodox Russian will never betray either God or the Czar, that he would rather die than become an apostate, a Judas, such as sold Jesus Christ. Yet his soul suffered when his faithful people were calumniated, and the foreign monarchs have believed the calum- maters' words, and, expecting that you will aid the Poles in their rebellion against the Czar, are ready to take up arms against him and our beloved Russia. But let them dare, and they will see that among the Russian people there are no traitors such as would sell the Christ; and we will not be terrified nor troubled, for God is with us, who confounds the wicked and helps the work of right. One feeling would move us all, — one full, unchangeable love for the Czar, the orthodox confession and our native land. No foe is formidable to us. Fifty years ago we repulsed the whole world. Our God will not for- sake us now. THE GHOST OF THE RIVETER — The Liverpool Albion states that, in course of a paper read by Cap- - tain Paton, relative to the repairs of the Great Eastern, he stated that an impression got abroad that the ship was haunted, the alleged ghost being that of an unfortunate rivetter, who was heard plying his avocation in one of the wells or compartments. Captain Paton stated that before the vessel left this country he believed that one of the men employed in her construction was missing. The man was a riveter ; he was missed from the ship, and never came for his wages, the supposition being that he had been riveted up in a part of the vessel. So firmly impressed were some of the men with this idea, that they left the ship in consequence. They affirmed that they had heard their departed friend busily engaged rivetting in the middle of the night. The story was believed by many persons in New York, and on one occasion while the ship was under repair a diver signalled to be drawn up. He appeared pale with fright, and declared the ghost of the riveter was busy in the bottom part of the ship; in fact that he began rivetting immediately over his head. Such was the consternation amongst the divers that they called in the aid of one of the spirit mediums, who are somewhat numerous in the city of New York. The medium came on board, and after an examination declared that the missing man was there both "in body and spirit." Fortunately he (Captain Paton) by pure accident was enabled to dispel the illusion. Being in a boat near the bows of the ship, he discovered that a swivel connected with the moorings worked to and fro, the movement causing a chink or vibration which, at times, more especially at night, was heard throughout the vessel. It was this sound which had conjured, in connection with the supposed fate of the unfortunate rivetter, the phantom whose mysterious doings spread such consternation on board the big ship. THE HOVAHS OF MADAGASCAR — The Hovahs are very generous. Since I came here, I have had sent me thirty-six geese, about seventy fowls, lots of eggs, baskets of potatoes, a bottle of milk nearly every morning, pineapples, peaches, lemons, oranges, mangoes, and other fruit in abundance. When I first arrived, the King sent me six geese and a large basket of rice and the Queen sent six fowls and a basket of potatoes. I had, of course, been introduced by the consul, Mr. Pakenham. I have also had presented to me two sheep and one bullock. I receive invita- tions to dinner four and five times a week, and always on the Sunday. The Hovahs never take their meals with their families. The gentlemen always dine by themselves and their wives and children take their meals in another apartment, and at a different time. The men dine at 6 p.m., and I have not yet ascertained the family dinner-hour. The ladies join the gentlemen to eat fruit. You never see a Hovah walk- ing out with his wife. When families go out together the wives and daughters are always some distance behind. First comes my lord with his aides-de-camp and slaves behind him then my lady and her slaves, and then the daughters with their slaves — the whole forming quite a procession. They are all exceedingly kind to each other. They listen with marked attention to one who has anything to relate; and even the slaves talk with perfect freedom to their masters. When a Hovah visits you, he generally brings from ten to fifteen slaves with him; and, whilst he is talking, they sit at the door and lean in at the windows, and now and then put in a word or two, whatever the conversation may be about. The windows, I should say, are destitute of glass. I think there is only one house in the capital, except the palace, that has glass windows. You never hear of a Hovah thrashing his slaves. When they require punishment, they are put in the stocks for a few days. Slaves are offered for sale every Friday in a large bazaar or market, called An-ner kally, which is the largest market in the capital. There are seven markets held in different parts of the town everyday, including Sunday. — Letter of Mr. Francis Plant. A SHORT EXHORTATION. Every professing Chris- then, at least all those who have leisure for reading, should endeavour to unite the knowledge of a good theologian with the experience of a real believer. In order to this, let Christians set apart time not only for reading, but studying the Scriptures ; let them read theological books which explain and prove the doctrines of the Gospel ; let them commit to memory the admirable definitions of these doctrines contained in the Assembly's Shorter Catechism; let them attend upon the preaching of the Word with a view not only to be comforted, but to be instructed. — J. A, James A vacancy has occurred amongst the Military Knights of Windsor in consequence of the death, at his residence in the Lower Ward at Windsor Castle, of Colonel James Fitz-Gibbon. The gallant deceased, who had attained the advanced age of 83 years, served formerly in the 49th Regiment and in the Canadian Militia. CHINESE SUPERSTITION — If a house abuts upon or stands before the end of a lane or passage, the side looking towards that passage almost invariably has a small tile or slab of stone let into it, with an inscrip- tion which varies with the fancy of the owner, the opinion of the fortune-telling sage, of the locality from whence the tablet may have been procured. An inscription of this kind on a large slab of blue slate, neatly cut and painted, as if it demanded care and attention I saw in the wing of a brick building at the foot of a bye-lane, not far from the banks of the Peiho; and, curious to know its meaning I obtained a translation of it. It was simply to the effect that, "This stone was brought from the province of Shantung, and placed here to prevent the evil influences of the lane coming near this house." — Fleming's Travels on Horseback in Mantchu Tartary. INGRATITUDE. — When Brennan, the noted high- man, was taken in the south of Ireland, curiosity drew numbers to the gaol, to see loaded with irons the man who had long been the terror of the country. Among others was a banker, whose notes at that time were not held in the highest estimation, who assured the prisoner that he was very glad to see him there at last. Brennan, looking up, replied, "Ah, sir, I'd did not expect that from you — indeed I did not; for you well know that when all the country refused your notes, I took them." ISSUE OF SOFT BREAD TO SEAMEN — An Admiralty memorandum, dated the 8th instant, directs that when- ever soft bread is issued on board her Majesty's ships, 1½lb. of bread is to be allowed in lieu of 1¼lb. of biscuit — United Service Gazette, December 19. 