THE ' CLUB' VIEW OF WOMEN. (FROM THE SPECTATOR.) A novel has just appeared which, otherwise without much merit, is valuable as express ing exactly the club idea of women. The heroes are all of the men-of- the-world class, as that class appears in novels, men who are tall and handsome, with ' melancholy eyes' and puffed gloves, who fight duels and seduce low-born girls, are rigidly exclusive and ' hospitable as Arabs, ' talk bold rubbish about women to all tho ladies meet, use pet names among each other, and unite, in fact, as far as tho author can manage it, the characteristics of tho chevalier, the exquisite, and tho blackguard. They are absurd enough, but their conversation, as invented by ' Ouida,' has, or, but for its cleverness, would have, a dash of rea lity. Tho regular man of tho clubs, who has no broader life, and who sets up as a ' man of tho world' because he understands tho gossip of a dozen houses in Piccadilly and Pall mall, has a habit of talking of women just as De Vigne, and Colonel Sabretashe, and Lady Fantyre do in this offensive book. They and their talk have, on young men, a curious and a very dis agreeuble influence. Their one boast is that they cannot be hoodwinked, they know too much, no muslin can be drawn over their eyes. According to them, tho sole objects of woman, otherwise the most frivolous, evil-tempered, and weak of beings, are money and power. Every mother is a manœu vrer, trying always to hook a good parti for her daughter ; every maiden a mercenary actress, seek ing only to win a proposal from any one who will give her a good position. Any one who holds a different opinion is ' green,' 'raw,' or saintly, or belongs to tho class which is thus piquantly de scribed : — ' We young men believe in tho innocent demoiselles, who look so naive, and such sweet English Rosebuds at morning fetes, and do not dream those glossy braids cover empty, but world shrewd little heads, ever plotting how to eclipse dearest Cecilia, or win old Hauton's coronet ; we accept their mamma's invitations, and think how kindly they are given, not knowing that we are only asked because we bring Shako of tho Guards with us, who is our bosom chum, and has fifteen thousand a year, and that, Shako fairly hooked, we, being younger sons, shall be gently dropped.' Even when tho game is won, and tho victim hooked, and tho settlements signed, and tho honeymoon over, tho victor is not grateful. She is only an angel ' until she is his wife ! There is a peculiar magic in that gold circlet, badge of servitude for life, which changes tho sweetest, gen tlest, tenderest betrothed into tho stiffest-of domestic tyrants. Don't you know that, when she's engaged to him, she is so pretty and pleasant with his men friends, passes over tho naughty stories she hears of him from ' well-intentioned ' advisers, and puts the new mare that is to be entered for tho Chester Cup ? But twelve months after, his chums have the cold shoulder, and tho worst wine ; and she gives him fifty curtain orations on his disgraceful conduct, while he wonders if tho peevish woman who comes down an hour too late for breakfast can, by any possibility, be iden tical with tho smiling young lady who poured his coffee out for him with such dainty fingers and pleasant words when he stayed down at her papa's for tho shooting.' Why should she not be peevish, for nothing spoils tho temper like disillusion, and if tho club man may be trusted girls have little illusion to lose ? ' Take my word for it, my dear,' said Fantyre, ' if you find a woman extra simple, sweet, and prudish, you will be no match for her ! Sherry's a very pleasant, light, innocent sort of wine, but strychnine's sometimes given in it, you know, for all that ; and if a girl cast her eyes down more timidly than usual, you may be pretty sure those eyes have looked on queerer scenes than you fancy.' That, in tho book, is tho opinion of an old, illborn, titled rip ; but it is also tho opinion current among tho class which makes 'knowing- ness' its first boast, tho class to which young men look for education in the world's ways, and for which articles like one which appeared recently in tho Saturday Review on ' Wives ' are mainly writ ten. Such men naturally abhor marriage, and not seeing their way to denounce it absolutely — for tho world must be peopled and there is a time when the Haymarket no longer charms, and, besides, some women have money — they direct their artillery against early marriages. The poor have no business to marry at all. A clergyman, for example, as one of them wrote to the Times tho other day, has no more right to a wife on £800 a year than to a tilbury, or a pack of hounds, or any other luxury. Tho notion that a bachelor clergyman is distrusted by his congregation, and deprived of half his influence, and that it may e his duty to marry, never entered this worthy's head. As to tho rich, they should postpone tho fatal mo ment as long as ever they can. Usually they only choose girls who, tho moment they find them out, they will regard with sick loathing, with whom they have not an idea in common, and whose children, says Sabretasho, with the funny ignorance of your regular ' knowing hand,' they will, therefore, hate. Tho truth is that husbands and wives who do not love each other much usually turn to tho children in hope of the return of affection which most human beings crave, and a very fair proportion are happy enough to find ; but we may let that pass. Even if you are not deceived, says the colonel, and your wife is just what you hoped, you have lost your pleasant freedom, your right of doing your will, and plunged headforemost into an ocean of expense. Ouida's heroes are all as rich as tho snobbish indi vidual who wrote last month on country houses in tho Cornhill says those who invite their friends ought to be, so he does not make quite so much of tho money question. But tho expense of a wife is usually tho grand staple of these diatribes, the cost of her silks and her maids, and her valetudinarian habits, and, if a step higher in grade, of her inevitable passion for society. Under such teaching men learn to believe that marriage is a rash step till they have attained a position which, except among oldest sons, is seldom gained before tho shady side of forty. We say nothing of the immorality of all this, for facts, if they may be facts, are always moral, and if late marriages, or celibacy, and all their consequences are really necessities, there is nothing to do but sigh over tho want of skill Providence has shown in establishing human society on such an unwork able basis. There can be but one moral law in such matters, for there is a revolution older than scripture assigning one man to one woman, and that is tho law of numbers. Tho sexes are born equally, and every man, therefore, who accepts the Haymarket theory simply helps to corrupt women belonging to men with as rightful claims as himself. But it is not of morals we wish to speak, though they lie at tho root of tho matter, they cannot now be honestly discussed in print. To prove tho truth on the right side one must use the pen upon points which tho world has agreed to discuss with tho tongue only, and violate a conventional rule we have not tho nerve to break. It is on tho singular ignorance revealed in this view of life that we wish to animadvert. The business of the ' man of tho world' is to perceive and to argue on facts, irres pective of all other considerations, and tho men of tho world who talk like this simply ignore tho facts. They must know them, for they cannot all be children of divorcees, or brothers and fathers of Lady Fantyre's ' prudes,' but they got their minds into a groove, and become as conceited and narrow as tho worshippers of tho Record, who, by tho way, look on human nature from exactly tho same point of view. Because a class 'which they know partially, which is very small, and which is not half so worldly as it is good ton to appear — there are hundreds of women who would rather be caught in a dangerous flirtation than kissing their husbands — is apt to manœuvre and flirt for gold, and make up for the tedium of loveless marriages by tho gratification of vanity, therefore those statements are true of all who make up society. As a matter of fact, known to all men, who have seen something beyond Piccadilly, they are not even half truths. In tho fierce struggle to which English life permanently tends, mothers, no doubt, acquire tho habit of wish ing that their daughters may ' settle well,' or even of trying by little arts to make them accessible to the ' best men but us to manoeuvring, half of them have too little finesse, and a large section of tho other half are daughter-worshippers, whose one idea is to forward their wishes, and not their own. It is to mamma that young ladies turn for defence against mammon-worshipping papa. As to tho girls themselves, their permanent tendency is not, as a mass, to make love to tho eldest sons, but, to use novelists' slang, to ' throw themselves away on tho detrimentals.' Tho true charge against them is not one of mercenary motives, but of simple silliness, and a tendency to imitate men, and be caught by a pretty face. Tho majority are neither mercenary nor silly, but quiet sensible women, eager, perhaps, for change and excitement, but content, neverthe less, to wait till some man asks them, whose manner, and brain, and position, and face promise them some decent chance of passing life happily as wives and mothers. Their motives of choice, nine times out of ten, are precisely tho same as those which actuate men, with tho difference that girls lead better lives, and have not tho same wide range. They cannot ask, and so frequently miss tho man their own judgments would have selected. So, too, with wives. So far from wives being expen sive, tho common voice of tho world pronounces them tho best of all possible financiers, and their cost is more than made up by tho fortune their economy secures. Tho children are costly as they grow up ; but any moderately candid man who has found a good wife, will allow that he used to waste more money as a bachelor upon things he could not recollect than all his wife ever cost him. The instinct of wives, particularly if the husband has married early, and they have fought up tho hill together, is to be a little too saving — too unable to believe that prosperity can be real. As to the colonel's peevish and slatternly dame — there we touch tho root of tho whole mischief. Men who can govern their households with a firm but gentle hand never have these annoyances to meet ; but that is precisely what these men feel that they could never do. Their notion of tho re lation is a compound of harshness and luxu riousness, as far as possible from tho reality ; and of tho friendship which is, or should be, at the bottom of household love, they have not formed a conception. As a rule, where tho tie is a tolerably happy one, husband and wife hardly restrict one another more than any pair of intimate friends would do, and 'are at least as ready to make sacrifices for each other's comfort as any pair of friends would be. Of course, there are bad wives, and ill-mated wives and wives whom Providence meant for old maids' but let these gentlemen look round, beyoud tho hardened circle in which they choose to live, and decide which has the majority. There is a chance of blunder, of course, particularly as to both the wife and tho husband's temper, but there is little courage in resigning, from fear of that chance, tho only prospect most men have of enjoying tho luxury and the support of a true and perfect friendship with a person whose sex deepens tho feeling into passion, who can never be her husband's rival, and who throughout life must, even against her will, be in terested in his interests. Coventry Patmore's view may not always be absolutely true, but it is always truer than that of Colonel Sabretashe. Parcels of Now York oysters have, during tho past winter, been roceived in very fine condition in Dundee. A Man Without a Country.— A curious article has been published in tho Atlantic Monthly , giving dates, names of officials and vessels of war, as if intended to bo taken as literal fact. It is a history of Philip Nolan, who is described us having been in 1805 a lieutenaut iu the United States army, and who became implicated with . Burr iu somo of his schemes of ' treason.' Nolan was tried by court martial, found guilty, and when asked if I10 had anything to say why ho had not been faithful to tho United States, ho replied, ' ? tho United States ! I wish I may never hear of tho Unitod Slates again.' Tho court-martial, it is said, took him at lus word, aud sentenced him to bo lionceforth a man without a country. Tho authorities at Washington approved tho sentence, and immediately after Nolan was transported to a Government vessel bound on a long cruise. Prom that timo up to the hour of his death, a period of nearly sixty years, tho Unitod States becamo to him as if thoy never had existed. Whenever tho vessel upon which I10 was embarked approached this country I10 was transferred to one outward bound. ' Tho namo of tho United States was never mentioned in his hearing. All books and papers, before going to him. woro carefully oxaminod, and every allusion to 'this country completely removed. He was^ so surrounded tliut undor no circumstance was any thing relating to tho United States mentioned in his hearing. During his last sickness, and a fow hours beforo his death, his physician, in obodiouco to his urgent entreaties, gave him a summary of tlio chunges which occurred from 1807 down to May, 1803, during all which timo not one syllabto relative to this country had ovor reached him. Ho is stated to have died on tho United Statos corvotte Levant, on the 11th May of the prosent year. ' I tell you,' says the doctor, ' it was a hard thing to condenso tho history of half a century into that talk with a sick man. And I do not now know what I told him — of einigratiou nnd the means of it; of steamboats and railroads and tele graphs ; of inventions and books, and literature ; of tho colleges and West Point and the Naval School ; but with tho queerest interruptions that ovor you heard. You seo it was Robinson Crusoe asking all tho accumulated questions of fifty-3ix years. I told him everything I could think of that would show him tho grandeur of his country and its prosperity ; but I could not muke up my mouth to tell him a word about this infornal rebellion. And he drank it in and enjoj-od it as I cannot tell you. He grow moro and more silent, yot I nover thought ho was tired or faint. I gave him a glass of water, but ho just wot his lips and told mo not to go away. Then he asked 1110 to bring tho Pres byterian 'Book of .Public Prayer,' which lay there, aud said, with a smile, that it would open at tho right place and bo it did. There was his double red mark down tho page and X knelt down aud road, and ho repeated with me — ' For ourselves and our country, O gracious God, we thank thee, that notwithstanding our manifold transgression of thy holy laws, thou hast contiuued to us thy marvellous kindness,' and so to the end of that thanksgiving. Then ho turned to tho same book, and I road tho woids moro familiar to me, ' Most heartily wo be seech thee, with thy favor to behold and bloss thy servant, tho President of tho United Statos, aud all others in authority,' and tho rest of tho Episcopal collect. ' Danfortb,' said ho, ' I havo ropeated those prayers ujght and morning ; it is now fifty-five years.' And then he said ho would go to sleep. IIo bout me down ovor him, and kissed me. I thought, he was tirod, and would sleep. I knew he was liitppy, and I wanted him to bo alone.' But in an hour, when tho doctor went in gently, ho found Nolan had breathed his lifo away. We looked in his Bihlc, and there was ft slip of papor written, ' Bury mo in tho soa — it bus boen my home, nnd I lovo it. But will not some ouo set up a|stono for my memory at Fort Adams or at Orleans, thut 1113' disgrace may not bo more than I ought to bear. Say on it — ' In memory of Philip Nolan, lieutenaut in tho army of the United States. Ho loved his country as no other I has loved hor ; but no man deserved less at hor hands.' ' Death from Practical Joking. — Yesterday, Mr Waltbew held an inquest (it tho White Hart Tavern, Kiugslund road, touching tho death of a young woman, named Priscilla May, aged 19 years. Mr II. May, a tradesman, carrying on business at No. 1-15 Kiugslund road, said that the deceased, his daughter, was a dressmaker. Sho was in perfect health when, about four months ago, she went to Mr Blyth's houso, iu Hyde, Park Gardens, to do some work. Sho returned throe days afterwards, looking very ill. Sho could hardly breathe. Her nostrils wero greatly distended and plugged. Sho said that she had been terribly frightoned tho night before. As she was going upstairs, alio stated, with tho goYeixes3 and the servant, past tho bath room, tho door of tho latter was seen to be open. Sho asked tho servunt to closo the door ; and tho latter was going to do so whon something, all iu whito, throw the door wide open, and appeared from tho darkness. Sho said that sho instantly fell back screaming into tho arms of the govoruess. Blood 1 gushed from hor nostrils and sho was carricd down stairs insensible. A doc tor was sont for, and tbo servants remained up with hor all night. It appearod that tlio apparition in white was a servant who dressed herself all in white iu a practical joko. She nevor recovered from the shock. Sho lost hor appetite, and her mind beoamo affected. Sho gradually sank, and died on tbo 19th inst. Sophia Sturgeon said sho was a servant in tho employ of a gentleman residing at 30 Upper Hyde Park gardens, Bayswator. On tho night re ferred to sho was preceding Miss Clarke, tho gover ness, and tho deceased upstairs, whon sho hoard a supernatural scream to imitate a ' ghost.' Tho deceased guvo a scream, liko a laugh, and fell. She believed she fell upon tho stairs. Emma Frisbey, nursery govoruess, auid that sho made hor appear ance 'in whito merely to frighten tho persons going up stairs. Tho other servants knew nothing of hor intention. Sho told the deceased that sho was very sorry that sho had so seriously frightened hor. Tho whole affair was a frolic ' out of her own head.' Mr A. Cather wood, surgeon, said thut ho ultonded the deceased aud believed that sho died from an obscure diseaso of tho brain, joined with hysteria. Her death wus decidedly accclorutod by tbo fright. Tho corouor said that tho act of dressing np as a ghost was vory foolish. In several cases it produced idiotcy awl iu tho proseut instanco it caused death. It wus but right to consider, however, that tho young woman who caused tho mischief did not intend anything serious and thut bIio wus evidently sincerely sorry for her folly. Tho jury loturnod a verdict of death from obscure disease of tlio brain and hystoria, ac celerated by fright and thnt her death was caused by misfortune. — Jzxpress, January 20. 