REVIEW. '' Report of the Proceedings under the Land Act, 1862." Small folio. Melbourne: John Ferres. E, HBALES, THE publication before us will perhaps be looked upon with interest, but read with disappointment. Every one yearns to be enlightened on the matter to wluch" it refers, and yet nobody will be much the wiser for its perusal. |?ho BUSTY Land Act is a sort of PEEPER'S ghost, a shadowy representation that fewpeople believe in. The land uestion is somewhat like the Schleswig-Holstein difficulty, of which Jiord PALMERSXON rem^-ked that he thought he linderstood it once, but despaired of ever doing so a second time. The squatters understand the land question, as how they shall keep the grass. Hungry new chums comprehend the difficulty as being.how they are to be equitably possessed of farming country. The DUFFY Land Act proposed to deal out even- handed justice between two apparently-conflicting interests; and a report of its operation should be perused with curiosity. Mr. HEALES says that certain portions of the Land Act are " practically in abeyance in other words, it won't work. Yet the pastoral rents for the current year are estimated at £201,003 2s. 4d. The fourpence be bothered, as Mr. MANTZLINI would say, thousand pounds per annum in the way of income nally sneezed at, and the Government, as trustees of •e bound to duly estimate the fact. The cabbagelaud to be parcelled out among them, but cabbages export, and the revenue would probably decline, points in the question which Mr. PUNCH will not alluding to the non-compliance by certain persons abed conditions of, the Land Act, speaks of "the he benches before whom, by law, thoseparties should have been brought," and Mr. PUNCH so objects to this employment of the word "constituency," that he doesn't care about proceeding to the end of the paragraph. Further on, the President of the Board of Land and Works enunciates a splendid sentiment in relation to the amount obtainedftbr sold land. " The increase in the price during the last six months, I attribute to the application of those business principles in the disposal of the property of the State, which govern commercial men in the disposal of the property of private individuals; for if the full advantage of competition by public auction is to be gained, it must be by holding the sales in known public places, after due announcement in the best advertising mediums." But why not say, straightforwardly and right out, that the increase is due to advertising, instead of delicately hinting it in this euphemistical rigmarole. Altogether we regard this parliamentary publication, devoid as it is of wood cuts and pleasant anecdote, as not likely to have a great run at the circulating libraries. And if the cost of its compilation and grammatical amendment have been at all proportioned to that of the general run of legislative documents such as mentioned by Mr. HIGINBOTHAM, we can only moum over the misemployment of the public fluids. ^ 