SINGULAR SCENE IN A LONDON CHIJBCH. An announcement that " Brother Igna tius" a young clergyman ot the Church of England, whose efforts to establish a Benedictine monastery in the. east of England liaye met with some success, and whose proceedings at Clay dan and A'or wich have recently excited cansiderable attention, was to preach in the church of St. Mary .Magdalene, Munster-square, JRegent's-park, iiaturally drew an over whelming congregation on Sunday, Sept. 11\. When the bell wnich proclaims the morning service had ceased, the first part of a tisg-iijar scene preiented itselfl About twenty surpliced choristers entered and took their place in tha chancel. They were followed by two priests wearing preen stoles, but no. university hoods, j Then came the Rev. Mr. Stuart, the in- j cumbent, habited in the cope, or full eucharistic vestment. The cope was ripbjy embroidered, tbe ornamentation at the back forming1 & splendid rich yellow embroidered cross, extending from his shoulders nearly to his heels. Prior to | the entrance of the procession, two huge caudles, between which was a large gilt cross, on the altar were lighted. In the first place Mr. Stuart incensed the altar. A boy, surpliced and kneeling, presented what is called a " boat," made apparently of silver, containing the incense; then the thur rible, or censer, in which the incense was burned, and in which it was fumed. This thurible wnich wis provided with long chains, Mr. Stuart took fromthe "Thurifer," or attendant, and swung it in the air, the result of which operation wag that in a very few moments the p~ jests and others who were officiating at t;ie altar became enveloped in a dense white cloud, through which tlje eyes of the congregation cou.d not pierce. " Soon, however, it began to clear away, and the lighted candies on the high altar became dimly visible. While thege proceedings were going on the choristers chanted trie u 'l'e iieum with much solemnity, When the Gospel of the day was announced the church was again incensed. It would be difficult to say whether the Gospel was read or intoned. During the recital of the JNicene Cr^ed most of the congregation knelt at the words, " And was incarnate by the Holy Ghost." At the close of -he ante-Com munion service, Mr. Stuart stood with his back to the cross on the altar, with his face to the congregation, and stripped him-? self of his eucharistic vestment, leaving himself habited in his " alb "—a long white linen garment reaching' almost to the feet, and a <• girdle " round his waist, representing the girding ot the priest's loins, in memory or oar Lord's admonition to readiness. He wore also,an embroidered green stole crossed over his breast. In this dress he went into the pulpit. A look of blank amazement crept over the faces of the congregation, for njanv of them raffle to hear Brother Ignatius, and could for on e have foregone the pleasure of listening to the familiar Mr. Stuart, great as. their regard is evilently for him. Tne rev. gentleman did not le.ive them long in suspense. After reading a list or people who had sent in their names as candidates for the holy state ol *natii mony, he said, " Brother Ignatius tells me that he has got a sore throa, and can not preach here to-Jay. I am sorry for it, because some have coaie here probably for the purpose of hearing him. lief ore I gave you notice last Sunday morning that he would preach here to-day, I re ceived a distinct assurance from hiai that nothing should binder him from coaling here. Perhaps Brother Xj^natiuS thinkvs a promise is cotiiin *; aud' that is my opin/on about his sore throat. Waen I asked him to preach here last summer, and engaged to give liim what might be collected tor his mission, a sum of ^15Q being raised, he had no sore.taroat j but as the offertory to-day was to be on be half of the church of St. Alary Magdalene, Brother Ignatius has got a sjre throat. Now, as some have probably come to hear Brother Ignatius, I wul wait a minute or two, and those who like to leave the cburah can go. Tnose who remain I shall be glad to see, to listen to a commou sermon." Two or three minutes elapsed* and as no one mjved, Mr. Stuart proceeded, taking for his text the first chapter oi St. Pauls Epistle to the EJphe sians, verses 22 and 26. He Sdid there were things m the -yorid quite as impor tant B. other Ignatius, and would exist after him, whether tie had a sore throat or -not. He was going t.> speak that moi ning of one of those tilings, which was the Church of Christ. At tne close of the sermon Mr. Stuart went back to the altar, where he resumed the eucharistic vest ments, and proceeded to the administration ot the Holy Communion, the service being chorally rendered. 