Hunting Literature. Dear Bell; — There is one part of Bell I always read with considerable curiosity — the Melbourne Hunt — the effusions of your correspondents 'Nimrod's Ghost,' 'Stone- henge,' 'Faugh-a-Ballagh,' 'Tho Bob tiilcd Chestnut,' nud 'Little-legs.' It is quite cheering to an old hand to find the young ones hero go in for the noble science with such spirit One at least I can compli ment for beiuc as cood with the nuill aa he is in tho pigskin, although it takes n fellow with a dash of genius about him to describe a run to hounds well, without making it too shoppy. Even in the English snorting papers we seldom get the right thing, in that happy vein which the 'Gentleman in Black' hits bo well when he chooses ; but he is one in a thousand. We can nil begin with .i find, and finish up with a kill, if wo Kve to see it ; then there is the meet, and the wave of tho hand into cover, the sjiottcd boauties, the darlings, and all that sort of thing ; then ' Tally-ho,' gone away, and the first check.' Then Traveller hits it off down tho road (Lord Portsmouth's blood there), and Ran dom picks it up again over the fallow, nnd off they go, 'the pack swinging round like a Ilfinlr i\f Tllffflfiim' /lirtf. l»ml fliiM '!M.r-.. «nn have tho excited foreigner in baggy leathers, on nn animal all head and tsil, taking a lin(£ of his own towards the first cop, nnd comiiSj to grief, to tho great delight of tho liarS? riding swells of the first water, so admirably depicted by the inimitable Leech. A run is the same thing over and over again, but often viewed iu different lights, according to the performance. A knowledgo of geography conies in handy, but it is not edifying to read of 2-lacea which no one cares about or thinks of afterwards, except to get home. On tho whole, Sir, ono of your hunting vorrcs]K-iuivnts is aoove mediocrity. This is very patronising on my part, you will think, if you don't say bo. Well, so it ib; nnd if you havo no objection I will tell you what I think. I will dismiss 'Little-legs' and 'Stonehenge' in a few words; liko ' tho Ghost' who hns vanished, they can be better engaged than in writing on the noble science. One of your correspondents once said he had fifty minutes as good ns anything in tho shire. Lucky dog. I cau make Borne allowance for an excited tempera ment nfter n hard gallop among the gum- trees, but really, 'Mr. Correspondent,' have you any idea of 50 minutes with the Duke of Rutlands, tho Pytchlcy, or tho Quorn ? I fancy not, or you would never draw to that extent on your imagination. Fifty minutes nt racing pace, with a swim in thoDamlenong Creok to finish up with— and there I will leave you in your glory, emptying your boots. For the Irishman with the unpronounceableBigna ture I havo some respect ; he, if I mistake not, has often tasted the real thing in Ould Ireland, and when ho candidly confessed he had got such a cropper that he had forgotten all the master told him about the hounds anil their pedigree, I forgave him at once and took him to my heart as a chip of tho old block. But even he is at times peculiar in his talk— quite colonial. He talks of shaking on his coat, and thumping on his cap (excuse me, 'Faugh,' gentlemen now-a-days never wear caiis), nnd drawing on his boots, which, by the way, after his baptism and regeneration he afterwards emptied of Dandenong slime and mud. This is shoppy. Who cares about your boots, down winch I'll bet oven you Bquiuted with a satisfied air just as you threw your leg over Young Norman. - I might bo tempted to nsk, Who's your hatter ? Did Stanley and Nicholls turn out your scarlet rng ! or did Grounot provide, tho tops ? But I will not bo impertinent j for, of course, your whole get-up was in keeping, perfectly eo»i»i« il faut, and becoming a gentleman, as it should be. I'll take it for granted next timo without your telling me. And as to the Paddy carts, it was nothing of the sort kept you nwako, but your excitablo temperament; and didn't you frighten the coon iu tho next room to you in tho dead of night, by giving tho ' view ballon' in tho midst of your fovorish slumbers. You know you did, and then you tried to put it on the X'nddy carts, But a littlo further on I was. Hop. BuchT'Ltttt^^iL.: Mr Editor, .it ymiI &lo;?tal '''twuhed. ordinary direct in voure&f; t\' -^- means, thr.t fifWn nien wc^w Xt **$- swimjthi '?vAn, I? &~%^™«Hhia jvardsth.:,^t,^ag^W^K :be nece».1itv if uliptyW §S£ }^La ^-* - hop^ em,u-*t the.plSe^y^- *** I he left bebind laru. I hty^T} Of *hlt little failing Till! .urt vou knl'?' -Y^ spots; c«t lit* 'loj.vk ilt r1^1 iU can't stai:d it, for „. &'„,?', 'V^; I whole, I t.ll vim-.. ,,^vl «'''''? ll-- .Kiidare,. -,v!i':n v.)u k-.U tb» r,.,i Tv- ''^ m *ou? Thot'.^t ,wha yo7do a^Vt' you fancy you're ttiere ; and f wWv iil your to to paper, you think JtVyourS ing-cropinyour hand, and you llSffi' your easy chair, and with haUcW eyes you dream of the oil «S until the old spirit comes over yZ^ you send such a gbwinc account ♦ friend^ OB sets all .thfiS? ^ the community at fever heat You'll tem? mo once more into the pigskin, that's «S you'll do in the end,, and then if I If' cropper over that horrid fenco of Tootal'i or take * dip m the Dandenong rnud, it will he all your fault. May your shadow never grow l.:ss, V Faugh,' or your boots 2rf rotten ; .mil may n second edition of SprL V ale be tiio reword of your enthusiasm in th« noble caus.?, is the only harm I wish you. Yours, A LkU-'estrrsiiirb Hu.vn.vo Max. The Melboctixk Hu.vr.-These honn-U should have m.it laab Saturday, at Sprinz vale, but on account of the unfavourable weather tho moot was postponed ? nntil this day, when the usual muster of first-flight men, who do not mind a stiff country will probably greet the master and his clever pack at this favourite try6ting- placc 