SYDNEY. [rilOV Ot'K OWN CORRESPONDENT.] THE English mail has at last been been telegraphed, and our good citizens who had so long dreamt of typhoons, hurricane", tornadoes, and tlie other thousand dangers of the se ts, have had their minds set. at rest by finding t'h.it there was nothing to fear, and that nothing serious had happened. And now that it lias arrived there is really verv little of ^•u'lortance in it, if we ejtfept the threatening look th:ii ^he afl'airs of Europe wear, promising an em- /„,,-,-,-,. „'</ <liabh% as the French v.-ritei-K would call it. at Hi; very distant period. Denmark arming, Sweden btK'k^'iig oil lier .sword to aid her neighbor. Germany altvady in arms, Russia making immense military preparations, France bristling with bayonets and Poland—poor, down-trodden, ami bhtediiig; Poland—sending every male of her people, capable of bearing arms, out into the field to gain freedom either l>v victory or death. All this, with the threatened reliellion "in Ireland, fomented hy tlie Northern States of America, combine to till the hands of the Imperial Government pretty full with work, and the minds of tlie English people with serious thoughts. There is one blessing, lmwever,— that let the blow fall how or when it may it. will find Britain well prepared to meet it, and to return it with interest. Some little attention is being turned to Braid wood just now, owing to the 'election about, to come <>tV- not miml von that the slightest importance , attaches'to the event itseJf, because the Braid woo I- : ians are known as a eroei. 1 tty race, who have always 1-een famed for doing stupid things in the way of representation, but because the name of Henry Parkes. the great tribune of the people, has been once more excavated from the Pompeiian mass of aslie:- under which it has lain buried since the last. | great East Maitland eruption. A requisition has j 'been got up somewhere in that cccentrie electorate, reouestinir Mr. Parkes to renreseiit it. That gentle- tield, and is canvassing actively, whilst there is some | talk of Mr. Long, the barrister, coming out as ail j applicant for the honor of the vacant; seat. The | former gentleman is a son of the judgeoi" that name, ! and as yet has made himself celebrated for nothing : _r _ . . j sent Premier, and if he really does put himself forj ward will have tlie whole weight of GoveriiDient ill- ! fluence to back him. He is a voung and untried i : i man, with everything to learn. He has a good deal ; of the native indolence about liini, but as there is really good stuff ill him that may be educed l.y cir- ; I cniuKtances, I believe that this would be Ihrmvn i aside if lie were once thrown into tlie turmoil of po- | ! litical life. The interest herer however, ])ii icipallv turns upon- Mr. Parkes aud the course he will take, ; for he usually seeks to reach his end l.y such very devious ways that it is actually interesting, as well ; as amusiii"-, to track him through them. I With re'spect to politics, I have to assure you that ^ in these davs a Sydney correspondent requires to be I a kind of literary Paganini in order that he may be able to knock you mit amusing tune fronf the j only one string that the Assembly has allowed hiu>. • to play upon for the last uiocth.. Just imagine a ; poor devil of a littv rateur liavi'ng to knock up ale'.ter ; with only "rice " for his subject! and that might I have been the case of some wretched man who coil-j trilnited to some paper published? on some ineonve- | nient day in some oirt-of-the-wav plane,, since the i Committee were actually davs over it, before I ... ,, o n ;_ „ i Tv. ' - i Lgati, Garrett, Sadleir, and Dangar—companions I mentally and socially, iu in every way worthy'of of eneli cr.ch j: other—would other-would allow- a vote to l>e arrival arrivattat. at. 1 On Friday, ' however, we " 'had a cliajige,. ' the mur- I' mur of discontent that luwl been heard aist of doors ; had risen by degrees to a growl of impatience, and \ ultimately to a dee]) ;ui.d'"tlireatening' roar, before vhich even the case-hardened ]K.-rtinacity of the obtusc minded quartett was compelled to-give way. They seemed to have b.-,;ir suddenly brought to tlie'iv senses, at least to asmmii or as many ofthuiiras they possess. The insane, wanton, and aimless obstruction f the. business of the Ho use at .1 time when tlie cointhe im])osts ]u-o]iosed, - . . lm'.. . iiecause of - the . uncertain m« ce of the city was Is nguishing, not by reason of state ill which everything AV.AS left, had been-carried' ; to such a lenoth as to make tl\oSe who had lieeu the-. cause of it actually pause a-ut tremble for the conse- i 1 (jiiences that would necessarily result to theii»eh-es. There was no principle -no jrlrost of a princi,de-no 1 ! i i r » i. f , - i • ,, i \ shadow of a ghost ofprmcple-in then- opposition. ; heir conduct was in,h-fensil.le, and so they sud- , denly declared themselves: most anxious to get m tln-.iilgh the t.ariH' without ^ deily, \- - ld-omisetl t,y gfve . im .. ' r all -• private days to the (jover.nnr.ent 1 . until it was (lisi , I'esed of, and yielded up the following Tuesday with- I out a murmur. On Tuesday the business got on a little lieiter, though some of the Opposition could not restrain their impatience, hut burst out occasionally in spite of the southings of their leaders. The following unties were tixed :—hops, 3d per I3>. ; malt, Gd j>er bushel ; cigars, 5s pur lb ; cofTce and chicory, 3d per lb. ; carriages-4-wheeled .. i ll), 2-wheelcd lurnitur and musical instruments, Is 01 per foot . be. i t.)ii Wednesday the duty on boots amd shoes was ' ,..-.e 1- 1 at Is Od per cubic foot, after a. debate that-' i'l.n,led ail aorcctihle variation upou t'-ose the Rouse ! had been conipelled to listen to for the last month. ! 11 was at lirst actually interesting—a. term that I never expected to be able again fo apply- to a discussion of this House. It was well sustained, .ml worthy the character of the 1 legislature, until towards the close when one or two maudlin mem- : „,lt their linger j,, the ]lie ailll of eourrf(. ul:l.Je a j t | caring only to have sufficient by them to affirm the duty. A duty of 6s per cubic foot on saddlery and harness was fixed by a majority of 25 to C. " ! The .lebate on this same subject was renewed yes- ! terday on the House meeting, Sir. I'iddingtou lead- fs percent, were agreed to almost without discussion, and after a lengthy and excited debite a stamj) duty of 10s per cent, on conveyances of real property the greater part of the talking. There was some mart fencing also between Pid.lington aud Lucas, which the latter got , . very much the worst of it. i'r. Morris also joined in the Opposition, objecting rather to the woriling of the resolution than to tho . ! S'^'up duty itself. itseii. Mr. ivitr. For.-,tor. L< or.-aer, however, ex- explained very clearly that the intention of the Ooverinueut was only to levy tlm tax on the actual : carrying value of the run, and that tlie use of tho • i wonl " stock " in the resolution was meant ti ejn- ! vov that idea, and to be Worked out more fully ill i the bill that would have to be passed. NoUv'itlistanding the explanation more time for consideration ' • , , - , . , . ,, .-, , was insisted upon, and at last tile Government eoll- [ : sented. j Now you will see, from the comparatively rapid : wav in which the latter part of the tariff has been : allowed to pass, that the Opposition are going to j urged on iu private those whom they have made ! their cat's paws iu public ; and they thus hope that none of the odium attaches to them, that these lion, ' 1 , - 1 , T ... .. gentlemen have certainly incurred. Now it is pretty generally understood that the grf.nd assault upon the Ministry will be made upon the second reading ? tbe T a r^ Bill, on which occasion Cowper fancies tie will be able to gather together into Ins 1 o = 3;lr J I OW11 liailds ---»- all " " the ^ tlireads of ' opposition •-• --*"-•- to different 1 j strong enough t-o pull the Ministry from their places. But the ex-Promier, clever and manoeuvring thoueU he inav be, is ill no way a match, even ill . 1>« - - Hne of tact and cunning, for the present , Premier; still less is he a match for him in ability, ! ill the influence that ability always rives, or in the i cL-;U ,„™CQ.,„, „,,„„„;„„ | i i 'j., 1 - . - I -. iaurel prepared to record the victory of hi6 antagonsits, January 22, | 