CLIPPINGS. FROM THE HOME PAPERS. How a London Singer- treated an Auditor. — There was a 'fatal affray at a music ' hall in Wellclose-square, London, on Wednesday even ing. A vocalist, named Molloy, was singing, when he was frequently -interrupted by a pilot, named Bunn, who, with his wife, was sitting ah- the hall. At last Molloy; greatly 'excited, jumped off the stage aud beat Bunn' over'the head and neck. Bunn was removed to, his, home, and shortly after died-, it. is supposed sfrom ;the injuries received; Molloy has since been brought up at the Thames Police- court/ and charged with manslaughter. - , , The Triple cab-mubder.-THe last letter written; by the unfortunate ; deceased; who, xas it will be remembered, was with her two children poisoned by her husband (Hunt) in a "London cab, was dated in.October last, only a week or so before her tragical ehd"rbut tbe post-mark'om, the envelope, showing :the actual date, is not legible. It was as follows, and appears to foretel - h'er death " Saturday, October, Z 1867. Dear Harriett, — Never let it surprise you when - you- hear I am dead. I feel quite certain I cannot >go,on Inuch longer with my husband. He gets worse every day and night- of my life. If you knew and could see all— a dog would ; pity me ; but-I know yoii feel for me all you can. ; I can? not say much in these lines to you, but pity"me, and come on Monday. Do not let a shower-of rain prevent you.- If I do not see you on Mon day, I shall think I have not a friend in this world. I wishT was good enough to die, but-I must try and make myself , good, as what, he wants, he says, is to see me dead ; then he would- laugh, and think what a good thing I am gone from this world. What will become of me ? I spieak the truth when I say I shall die .with a broken heart. We have all our faults, , but have got more than any one, so he says", J con?, elude with a sad heart, and my eyes so full I can.' scarcely see what I am writing to you. ; T don't think I have a friend ; if I have, they should have' seen last night — they would pity me. This let ter is quite wet with my tears. Keep this." - \- Russian Atrocities. — After the engagement in- the palatinate of Prasnysz, in which the Polish leader Lanczica perished, several Polish prisoners were brought to Milawa, to the Russian com mandant Bogdanowicz. This oflicer perceiving a boy of 16 among the prisoners, had him brought before him, addressed him in insulting terms, and flourished his sword about his head. The boy meanwhile stood unmoved, and looked boldly into the eyes of his persecutor, who foamed at the mouth with rage, " You Polish vagabond ! you Catholic hangdog j so you are frightened, are you ?" he exclaimed. To this the boy quietly answered that he had not feared him in the field of battle, and did not fear him then. " You do not fear me ? We shall see!" and with another flourish of his sword the savage cut off' the boy's head, which dashed against the wall. The boy stood for a moment with his hand raised, and then fell upon the blood-stained ground by the side of the head, Bogdanowicz mean /rliile taking a pull at his brandy flask. This terrible deed was witnessed by several persons who were in the room at the time. Death of Lord Nelson's Coxswain. — John Pringle, Lord Nelson's coxswain on board the Victory, and who has resided at Newton for fa great number of years, died on Saturday, at the age of 193. He attained that age on the 19th of May last. . He was by birth a Scotchman, and oil attaining the age of' 21 he joined the royal navy. Whilst in the service he took an active part in many of our celebrated naval battles, and amongst others those of the Nile, Trafalgar, and Alexandria. The deceased was a widower for a number of years, and at the ripe age of 92 he married his present wife. Pringle was in the enjoyment of a good pension up to his death. Accident to an Actress. — During the per formances at a "canvas theatre in Kiderminister, on Friday evening, Mrs Devonport, an actress, received considerable, injuries. ' "Don Juan" had been played on the occasion, and towards the close ;of the piece, her dress; was ignited by one of the foot- lights, as she was . leaving the stage. The flames at once shot up around her, and she uttered piercing screams. Outside the theatre, owing to the reflection of the t flames- on the canvas, it was believed that the interior was in flames, and inside intensement prevailed. For a time those near her were too paralysed to ren der any assistance, and the . poor ; creature ran hither and thither, not knowing what to do. A carpet was seized and thrown over her, and by this means the flames-were extinguished. She had been burnt about the chest, face, - arm, and leg, and at first it was feared that .the injuries he had received: were even more. serious than they had proved to be. . . - _ Hydrophobia— Aweul Case.— John Merser, a boy of 15, died recently in : dreadful agony, from the effects of the bite of a' dog. About five weeks previously the la J interfered' to prevent a dog from worrying ' his younger brother, . when the dog turned upon. John Merser and bit bim severely ; over, the eye. - The lad thought nothing of it at the time, ' arid the wound afterwards partly healed. A few days ago, however, he complained, of a numbness and alternate -prick ing sensation in the region of the wound; His neck grew- stiff, burned when rubbed, and he ex perienced a feeling of choking. More palpable symptoms of hydrophobia soon set in; he tumbled at- the sight of water, particularly in a basin, and- implored his mother to remove it. Then he commenced to bark like- a dog, foamed at the mouth, and ultimately died in . dreadful agony. Deliberate Sele-Murder.— -A shocking case of suicide took place in the: broad daylight, at King's-cross, by. a respectably-dressed middle aged man. He was standing on the stone pave-- ment, when a ' heavily- laden dray approached. On seeing it, he dropped a parcel; stepped out on the road, knelt down, and . deliberately laid his head in front of the wheel, and in the next instant was a mangled corpse. . Startling Statistics. — It has been calculated (says the Paris Presse) that the human race now comprises in round numbers 1,000,000,000 -of persons, speaking 3064 languages, and professing 1100 forms of religion. The average duration of human life is estimated at 33 years and six months. A quarter of the children born die be fore their seventh year, and one-half before their seventeenth. Out of the 1,000,000,000 per son's living, 330,000,00 die each year, 91,000" each day, 3,730 each hour, 60 each minute, and consequently one ; every second. These 330,000,000: deaths are counterbalanced by 412,500,000 births, the excess being the annual increase of the human race. It has been re marked that births and deaths are more frequent in the night than during the day. Calculating one marriage for every -120- persons of both sexes and of all ages, 83;300,000 are celebrated annually. . , Chinese Peculiarities. — The Bendigo Ad vertiser, initsreport ofthe Session of the Supreme Court; says that Lung Chung, n "fine specimen of the Mongolian Race," was charged with the wil-, ful murder of Toon Tok, an old man between 50 and. 60 years of age, on the 31st of August last; It: appeared from the evidence of a nephew of the deceased that, on the 31st of August, Toon Tok went in to Bendigo and was never seen alive afterwards. He was worth about £40 in notes and gold, which he was in the. habit of carrying in a belt tied round his body. The dead body was discovered in a hole with about two ' feet of sludge in it. The evidence was circumstantial, and' the jury acquitted the .prisoner. Some points in the testimony : of the Chinese witnesses were curious as illustrations of the customs of our Chinese countryriien. ' Ho Nan, a inner at Wattle Flat, said : Lung Chung was. in his tent on Sunday. ; Toon Tok asked him where he had been; he said he, had been to the temple to ask the gods whether they .would let him remove to another gully, also whether he ought to go to China. Toon Tok said, y " You ' have no money ; how can you go to China ?" '. Lung Chung made no reply, and. went away." Toon Tok liad told Lung Chung several / times: that evening, and also before, that he was going to China; Tak A?Hun, the nephew of the deceased; stated tliat Lung Chung, the prisoner, sent for him when in the lock-up, and- told him the ghost of the: deceased, Toon Tok, came and slapped him. ' Prisoner said the ghost of Toon Tok had .told him who murdered him; and if; any one would give him '£100 he would point him out. . ; i Rather . Tall s Thistles. — Mr Mark- -M Hope has addressed the following letter to the A v/tiio ' Ado k1 i n -»-» nn T n m -n /-il- l\r nntt /i,/ y tCJ Mil) ALO U JJ LA Ullb 1 1 1 f l 1 1 j U11I 11 \J U Uj allj means thin-skinned, but since you have chal lenged my veracity as to the height of the thistles in question, I think it just worth - my while to. correct- your report of what I actually said. . It was, that .' only yesterday, for instance, I rode , through ; several miles of country literally covered with thistles, some of which were so tall that I could "not see over them though; on horse? back;':-? ;If your reporter will take a .trip to Guildford, near Castlemaine, v. he will firid in its neighbourhood some ten of "dozen square miles of; country in the >pight I described, and, what is not very astonishing either, he -will also find "a vast number of thistles full, eight, und even- ten, feet high." '» . n Fatal Accident.— The Ballarat N/qr of Fri day reports Oil Thursday, at the Yarrowee Hotel Ballarat ,East, Dr Glendinning held an ; inquest, on the. body of Edwin B. ;Bew, : whose death, , according to: the evidence and ; the ver dict of the jury, took place- on Tuesday, - in the shop of Mr Chamberlain; druggist, Main .road, Ballarat East, and ..was caused, by dislocation and extensive fracture of the base of the skull, caused by being accidentally knocked down and run over by a cab,' on the Main; road,; on the same day and place. ; The jury added the follow ing rider; — " We further find that the authori ties should not allow public cabs to be driveri by boy sjjrjwithout lights after- dark." - - - 