. ' ta tàk EDITÚB'OF IHK RMKna. Tho oalldroö of tho soil ask for broad: thsio ooaasellora would sire thar» a atono. Snt,-ftt}( yonrjseae ol' the 18.ha meal extraordinary bulletin appears from the three proteoiloniet agitalora here, namely, MeBsrs.'Jamcs Aldoórn, J.P., U, G. MorjtoD, Eiq, land agent bf tbe Berry Éstate, and'láBt¡"^hbogh not least, T. M. Riobards, oar solitary lawyer. -. Theas'gentlemen, 'in said prooious document, Inform' ber Majesty's, sabjeots that it is not. their intention, eithor individually or collectively, to oppose our present í blgtly respected ond popular member, John . Robar ISOD, at the nôxt oleotion. I obould think not. What a obance, either of thom would have, ii Ihcy presumed todo so I If eitherjof the " mystical ¡three" fanaiéd tbey.rAad >ther; ghost of\a abanqe, they.certainly moBt be under eorxe unusual delusion', to wblob bypiobondrisoB ore liable-, i I was quite surprised to find Mr. James-Aldoorn denying.bis intentions, of contesting tbe electorate (for klhcB frequently and, I may say, publicly hinted bi« jkjatanlicrj of "opposing any person who was not a prc« rectlonist;" and his brother agitator, tho lawyer, baa mentioned; to more than one person the Bmall obtnos Mr. BobortBon would bave, if oppoaed by a protectionist, i like'" little Jemmy Aldcorn.". So I cannot acooaut foe, Apse gentlemen in acting HO.Etg<r.!lki', by rasbinu lo^o type, and giving so unblushing a denial to the1' illusory., hopes" of. thbir." rosy dream," on which they buoyed tboir golden expectations, unless (and who caa blame thom) tboy have an eye to a judgeship or vaoaat petty sessions- perhaps a " police mogistraoy.'' lt IB only a few'months since a petition was " put forward,'' and signed by the residents, recommending Times A|d. oom, Erg,, ,J.P., as' clerk of potty sessions. Shoalhaven, aa lt waa .understood thal tbe present gentlemao'-who co ably fills this. Office wia,"ahout .to ? be .promoted,. .Thia {«-oves that the said gentleman !' wishes to feather bia nest," Henoe tba great manifesto ilgned by tbe three. Xbe great protectionist babble burst-tbe political' thunder-storm ina tea-pot. Aa for tbe other gentleman, Mr . Morton, he has for years profesaod" protectionist J pdnolplea."' I am, therefore, not enrprised ut bim, for I believe hiv,at' least, to ber oonsiEtant, I really do not' think be has aa eye to the " loaves and fishes;1' Bat tbe oondaot of' the other gentlemen ia so eagerly and SJ .prominently maning forward and' issuing their .« bulletin" on tbe " exploded fallaoy," aa if they btld Bjmo inilaenoa here, can bo very easily accounted for. Tho Premier, under the. hollow guise, will recognise their ouddou profession ol sympathy with his idea, and kofp olear of such parti.ans. So oída bird (aa tbe Marlin) will not be aauahl with eli'ttT. Shoalhaven. , A JJKEE TBADEF, 