ACCLIMATIZATION. The debate which took place in the House of Assembly on Mr. C. Lindsay's motion for a grant in aid of the operations of the Acclimati- zation Society suggested some considerations of importance to the agricultural interests in this colony. There were things said in the course of the debate, and by members who profess to know something of farming pursuits, which were humbling to hear in such a place. Nobody expects to get much wisdom from the lips of Mr. Howett. He has never, so far as we remember, given utterance to a single sentence in the House which could be of any marked service either to his constituents or the country. When, therefore, he opposed the vote he was acting up to his usual character. All he knew was that the country did not want such things; and while wheat held its present price farmers would not give that up to breed silkworms. Mr. Hewett often speaks for the country, and puts himself forward as repre- senting those engaged in agricultural pursuits; but we do not believe that he is the authorized exponent of the views of the farmers. And if he had paid the slightest attention to the efforts of those who, in spite of many difficulties, have been trying to push on this good work, or had he listened with ordinary intelligence to the very able address of Mr. Lindsay in introducing his motion, he would have known that nobody expected or wished the farmers to give up wheat-growing to breed silkworms. Though, then, the opposition of Mr. Hewett did not surprise us, we confiai that we were sorry to find Mr. Sutherland taking the same side. The honourable member for Encounter Bay knows the difficulties which have attended agricultural operations in this colony in years past. He has often brought these difficulties before the House, and it might have been expected that he would gladly have welcomed and cordially supported the efforts of those who are anxious to add to the limited number of industries which now engage the attention of agriculturists and others in the province. Mr. Sutherland, however, can see, hear, or talk of nothing heartily but roads. He is too much a man of one idea; and although we should be among the last to deny that in riding his hobby he has done some service to the community, still a one-ideaed politician is apt to become something of a bore. Let it be clearly understood that the Accli- matization Society does not propose to sub- stitute for wheat-growing either the breeding of silkworms or anything else. It proposes to introduce new industries— not to supersede, but to supplement the important work in which farmers are now engaged. South Aus- tralia is a wheat-producing colony, and we have no doubt it will remain so for many genera- tions to come. But we have always held that it is neither wise nor safe for our agriculturists to be dependent on one article of produce when other auxiliary and remunerative cultures can be easily pursued. In former seasons they have had, in the failure of their crops, lessons which ought not to be forgotten. It is a serious thing for an industrious man who risks his capital and the whole labour of a year in the production of one article when that article fails. Happily the last year or two have been successful ones. The land has abundantly yielded her increase, and, owing to the failure of crops in the neighbouring colonies, prices have ruled high. We believe the whole community have reaped the advantage of the farmers' prosperity. Still, it must not be forgotten that less prosperous seasons may come round again, and it is well to be prepared for such a contingency. There can be no doubt that many industries successfully pursued in other parts of the world would handsomely repay their culture amongst us; and the main object of the Acclimatization Society is, as far as possible, to aid in intro- ducing these industries. The Government have generously enough placed a portion of the Park Lands at the disposal of the Society, where experiments can be made on as large a scale as the funds will permit. The application to Par- liament was for a small sum in aid of prelimi- nary expenses, and we certainly think that Mr, Lindsay made out a good case. He said that the objects of the Society were the intro- duction and domestication of innoxious animals and plants from other countries, not for the mere purpose of forming a Zoological Garden, or interfering in any way with our present Botanic Garden ; but for stocking the country with productions which would, in an econo- mical point of view, promote its material interests, giving to the agriculturist a rotation of crops, and a variety of products which be might profitably cultivate, instead of depending wholly on cereals, as at present. He then went on to state that the Society had opened communications with similar Societies in the other colonies and in Europe for the purpose of mutual exchange, and that their proposals had been favourably responded to. Already they had sent to Europe for a quantity of seeds of the best varieties of plants and trees, which, in their opinion, would be a valuable source of profit, some of them altogether new, and others partially introduced, such is flax, cotton, tobacco, cofee, tea, the mulberry and ailanthas trees, colza and poppy — valuable for. their oil— the cinchona, from the bark of which the medicine quinine ia made, ilso several grasses.' When these seeds irrive, and the experimental garden is eot into proper order, their cultivation will be attempted, and feeds and cuttings will be dis tributed to any persons who may be willing to cultivate them. Mr. Lindsay especially referred to the im- portanee of ailk culture, for which in this solony we have all the required condition* of ?ilimste and soil. In the aouth of Europe our readers know that this is a moat valuable branch of trade, It is quite possible that the cultivation of the silkworm on a large scale would, with the present price of labour, scarcely be remunerative— though even that is a matter of Question ; but as ancillary to other pursuits .i, might become a welcome addition to a farmer's income. There are some months in the year when agricultural work ii not very pressing, and this is the time when the ailk is produced. There can be no doubt if the culture were once com menced it would as easily fall in with the main business ofthe farmer as bee-keeping or fowl producing does now, and with a much greater prospect of profit. Amongst tho objects contemplated by the Society is one which at first sight Beems to bo a very humble affair, but which actually is not 1&8 important than those which look more imposing and ambitious. We refer to the proposed introduction of different varieties of small birds which have a special taste for insects and grubs. These are becoming not only an intolerable nuisance, but the cause of serious loss to the farmer. We are constantly re ceiving accounts of the mischief which is wrought by these pests, which seem to set at defiance every attempt to check their increase or to prevent their ravages. Native birds, as Mr. Lindsay stated, do not seem to enjoy the neighbourhood of man, as they almost inva riably retire before him ; but our old English friends, such as the sparrow, rejoice in human society, and seem to be most at borne amidst the busy haunts of men. It is well known that these birds are exceedingly useful in keeping in check the increase of vexatious and noisome insects; so that it is not a mere childish amusement, beneath the notice of a body of grave and thoughtful men, to endeavour to aecliinatizd these small birds, but a work of great importance and ute fulness. In all the neighbouring colonies the work of acclimatization has been vigorously taken up and energetically prosecuted. Especially in Victoria has it gone on successfully, owing undoubtedly in a great measure to the indefatigable zeal and unwearied industry af Mr. Edward Wilson. That gentleman has thrown his whole energies into the good work, and in the face of sneers, contempt, and obloquy, ho has suc ceeded, to an extent which ought to make any man proud, in establishing the Victorian Society on a firm basis. Tho Government have liberally seconded the efforts of the Society, and with a lar- reaohing wisdon and foresight have recognised the service which such a Society properly conducted may renJer to the colony. We have mado ono or two efforts here, but it must be confessed they have proved abortive. Now, however, we are glad to see the subject taken up in an earnest spirit. The thing has got into good hands, and we trust it will prove a great aucceas. It seems very obvious, however, that the Society need not look to Parliament for much assistance. From the debate in the Assembly it is clear enough that no very cordial feeling exists amongst honourable members in favour of acclimatizing efforts. Only £500 were asked for to assist in starting a Society which, in all probability, will be the means of adding largely to the resources of the colony, and that sum, small us it is, was refused. The Government offered £301, coupled with the condition that the friends of the Society should raise an equal amount, and that proposal the House not without some demur and grumbling at last carried. We hope those who see the importance of the movement will at once sub- scribe the amount requisite to secure the Par- liamentary grant. There ought not to be much difficulty in obtuining £301 for an object so well worthy of public support. If the Parliament have been shabby there is the more need for the public to be geuerous. Northern Tebuitoby.— We observe that the screw steamer South Australian is laid on to pro ceed to the Northern Tenitory, calling at Mel bourne, Sydney, Brisbane, aud Eockhampton en route. Thin will afford an excellent opportunity for persons desirous of paying a visit to the new settlement. lNTERCOLONiAL.-The South Australian has brought us two days later papers from Melbourne. There is no news of interest which has not been anticipated by our telegrams. Missionary Tour.— We are informed that the Lord Bishop of Adelaide left Bishop's Court on Friday, October 14, for a five weeks' missionary tour to the North. Society op ARTd.-The members of the Society of Arts are reminded that a meeting of the Society is advertised to be held this evening at the Institute, '* to elect a Governor and other business.' Adelaide Philosophical 8ooiety. — The innual meeting of the Adelaide Philosophical Society will be held this evening at the Institute, rhe proceedings will include the election of officers Eor the ensuing year, and the appointment of a member to represent the Society at the Board of BovemoK. Papers by Mr. B. Wells and Mr. C. A. Wilson are also announced. Victoria Theatre.— There web a full and highly-respectable attendance at Mr. A. J. Solo mon's benefit on Monday evening. ' The Rose of EttrickVale' was well played. It was followed by the 'Local Political Alphabet,' sung with great applause by Mr. Shute, and several dances by the Nathan Family. The performance con cluded with 'The Siamese Twins,' in which Me*s». Greville and Shute were intensely amusing. Mr. Davw's Entertainment.— The entertain ment to be given by Mr. J. Davis to certain Young Men's Societies takes place this evening, and pro- mises to be a very interesting meeting. Though not at all of a public character, there are expected to be present, besides the members of the Societies, a large assemblage of influential gentlemen. Insolvency Court. - The final hearing in re Stephen Starr, farmer, took place in the Insolvency Court on Monday. The insolvent was examined by a creditor, - who, at its close, laid certain charges against him. The matter was then adjourned till Tuesday week. In the matter of W. J. Schaum burg, widow, whose adjourned final hearing came before the Court the same day, the case was, after the protracted examination of several wit- nesses, further adjourned till Monday next. No business was transacted at the first hearing of A. Horrocks; and the final hearing in re R. McNulty was postponed. Adelaide Police Court. - There were only two cases called on Monday. An aged inebriate who did not then make his first appearance was fined 10s.; and a matter between a female complainant and defendant was postponed for a week at least, if not sine die. Public Works.-The following tenders have been received at the office of the Engineer and Architect:— Constructing drains and filters at the Adelaide Gaol— W. McNamee, £198 10s. (accented) ? W. Lines, £212. V '' Art Union of London.— A specimen of the engraving to be presented to subscribers by the London Art Union can be seen at Mr. Culley's atelier, Flinders-street. It is a scene in the life of Mr. Claude Duval, highwayman and humorist, after a painting by Frith. The incident repre- sented is the arrest of a travelling-carriage with party by highwaymen on Hounslow Heath. The men are overpowered and secured, and the baggage broken open and scattered. An elderly lady is energetic in her appeal for mercy to a ceremonious icoundre', whose appearance at the carriage- door has caused a young lady to swoon. Another lady has prudently compounded to save a portion of he booty by consenting to dance a coranto with the captain of the gang, Claude Duval. The dancing pair are the principal figures in the centre; the carriage— an old-fashioned affair— fills up a large portion of the background. A musical high wayman leans against a large tree and pipes for the dancers, whilst his companions are busily engaged in overhauling tha, luggage, The story is well known, and it has been cleverly reproduced by the painter and e.ngraver ; nor is it without its moral, for an opening between the carriage and the trees gives a long-drawn vista of the Heath, with a gibbet and a man in chains dangling in the distance. The Punibhiieht or iwra.-The Queen has directed letters patent to be passed under the Great Seal, appointing the Duke of Bichmond, Lord 8tanley, Dr. Lushington, Judge of the Court of Admiralty; Sir John Taylor Coleridge, the Bight Hon. T. O'Hagan, Attomey-General for Ireland; Messrs. J. Moncreiff. Her Majesty's Advocate for Scotland; Horatio Waddington, John Bright, William Ewart, Gathorne Hardy, George Word Hunt, and Charles Keate to be Commis sioners to enquire into the provisions and opera tion of the laws now in force in the United Kingdom under and by viitne of which the punishment of death may be inflicted upon persons convicted of certain crimes, and also into the manner in which capital sentences are carried into j execution, PiBM-Si'XEET Wesletan Chamcl.— The se ? vices to celebrate the 16th anniversary of this chapel and its Tceopesing after recent renovation and repairs were -continued on Monday. At 2 o'clock a sale of goods left from the recent bazaar took place, and realized £50. At 5 o'clock tea was laid in the lecture-hall, where a large number sat down to the well-Bpread tables. This was fol lowed by a public meeting in the chapel, which was well attended. After singing a hymn and the offering of prayer by the Eev. & Ironside! Mr. L Koach, the Senior Circuit Steward, was voted to the chair. He opened the meeting by referring to the early difficulties experienced in erecting that commodious and beautiful building, and expressed his sincere gratitude for the success which had attended them up to that time. Mr. J. Colton M.P., the Treasurer, read the financial statement! which showed that the income during the year had been £1,791 2s. lod., and the expenditure £L794 0s. 8d. ; making a balance due to the Treasurer of £2 17». lOd. The cost of cleaning the building was not included in this amount, but they hoped to receive from these services £2G£5, which would cover the cost of cleaning and the other repairs which had been necessary. There was now a debt of £3,225 upon the chapel, lecture-hall, and minister's house and land, wluch he hoped would ?e reduced to A000. The choir then sangin their usually efficient manner the anthem 'Comfort ye. The Rev. R. C. Flockart was the first speaker of the evening. He aUuded in eloquent terms to the triumphs of Christianity, and referred to some \ operations in connection with their vast orga nuation. He gave some interesting statistics' in connection with chapel-building in EnglaW During the last year trusts to the amount of £1L2U had been handed to the Wesleyan Committee there, and new chapels and chapel extensions were contemplated to the amount of £205,000; but bv tho system proposed the debts upon them it was ex peeled, would not exceed £42,000 when opened Three chapels were finished and presented to the Conference last year of the value respectively of Jm, £G,m and £8,000 or £9,000. He concluded with an eloquent appeal for the baptism of the Holy Ghost upon the Christian Church of the world and the Churches of Adelaide especially The Rev. H. T. Burgess spoke of the privileges of that congregation, and the gratitude which should occupy their hearts for the many manifestations of Divine care and grace. He urged all present to exert their influence on the side of good, and for the promotion of Gou's work in their daily life and conversation. The anthem 'Hearken unto me was then rendered by the choir. The Rev. C. Colwell next addressed the meeting on tho subject of 'Christian liberality.' A collection was here made, and amounted to £10, The Rev H. Chester spoke on 'The true prosperity of a Church' and the Rev. H. Bath on 'The Su! duty of a church.' The Rev. C. H. Goldsmith moved votes of thanks to the ladies and to the choir. This was seconded by the Rev. Mr. Lloyd, and carried with acclamation. The Chairman here read a note, enclosing a gift of £50 from the late Mr Dunstan, of Morphett Vale. Thanks to the ladies who had worked for the bazaar, and the Chair man, another piece of music by the choir and the benediction closed the meeting shortly before 10 o'clock. In addition to the renovation of the old building, the gasaliers recently ordered from England have been fixed. The magnificent range of galleries are lighted by three-branched gasaliers, eight in number, while the lower part of the building is principally illuminated by dual gasahers, all of which shed a good, though subdued light, and add much to the beauty of this pre viously very beautiful edifice. Kensington Congrrhtional Ohapel—TIio'Y anniversary services in connection with the Ken . sington Congregational Chapel, High-street, wero held on Sunday, October 1G, when the Rev J Gibson, of Angaston, preached in the morning', from the 84th Psalm and the 5th to 7th verses inclusive. A sermon was preached in the after noon by the Eev. J. Watsford, from the 1st EpUtle of Peter, the 1st chapter, and last clause ot the 12th verse-' Which things the angels desire to look into.' In the evening tho Rev. J. Gibson preached from Hebrews, the 11th chapter the S)th, 9th, and 10th verses. The collections, which were made at each of the services, amounted to £8 15s. 2d. Oh Monday evening a tea meeting was held, at which there were upwards of 150 per sons. A public meeting was afterwards held in the chapel, which was well filled, and the chair was occupied by Mr. I. J. Barclay. A report was read by the pastor of the chapel, the Rev H. Cheetham, lowing that during the past year about £200 had been expended in improvements on the chapel and premises, and that within four months of their being contemplated the works were accomplished and paid for, bo that there was no debt remaining on that place of worship. The Sabbath-school had much improved during the past year both in the number of members and their efficiency. The con gregation had also increased considerably, and there were five candidates awaiting for admission into the Church at its next meeting. Eloquent and impressive addresses were delivered during tho sveuing by the Revds. O. Mudie, J. Gibson, F. W L'oXjS. L. Harris, and C. Hall. A collection Hrhiclrwas made during the evening amounted to £4 2i. 8d. The total amount realized by the four Elections and the proceeds of the tea was upwards -f £25. Meteorological Observations. — We have been favoured by Mr. C. Todd, Superintendent of telegraphs and Observer, with the first of a series of monthly tables showing the amount of ozon contained in the atmosphere as registered every 2 hours. The careful record of meteorological phenomena is attracting increased attention in the scientific world, not merely in reference to abstract principles, but with a view to the determination of the laws by which such phenomena are governed The final result will probably be beneficial to the human race to an extent and in a direction we can scarcely at present imagine. Fbee Selection in RivERiNA.-The Pastoral Tunes says:-' We hear that it 1b intended to mea sure off for small farms all the land along the roatMde between Moama and Deniliquin imine diately, in which case we should think that the demand for land would be satisfied for Borne time to cwne, the distance being nearly 50 miles. The chief infringement will be on Mr. O'8hanassy*s run (Moira) and Mr. Hogg's run (Mathoura). Tho forest land would appear irom experience to ofler good opportunities for vine cultivation, and |-er- haps for a little farming. The policy of the Go vernment should be to select such land, and give the open plains to the pastoral lessees, who would devote it to sheepfarmuig. We should not com mit havoc unnecessarily on thU kind of country We feel satisfied that by observing those rules the Bquatters' rights would be protected pretty generally, and that all who are reasonably inclined to yield for the general good would not have much to complain of. To throw open 107,000,000 of acres for free selection Is certainly a grand idea, but it bespeaks neither statesmanship nor justice, and is nothing less than a piece of reckless folly.' Bordeb Town. Tatiaba. -A correspondent of the Border Watch supplies that periodical with the following scraps of news:— 'The Inspector of Police for the district has just paid Border Town a visit. The force went through their evolutious-^ pretty creditably. We have two supernumeraries T who can be called on at any time to increase the ranks, as they tre extremely industrious, and anxious to assist when their services are required. It is no doubt laudable for the Adelaide clergy to assist to send missionaries to the Fiji Islands; but I can assure them Border Town is an ample field, and we wisli|through your columns to express to Mr. Simpson our thanks in coming to see us over the Border beyond his sphere of duty. The cele ? brated Magenta is again under clothing. Bhe is to make her season's debut here, bhe is no mean opponent when under .the tuition of the able and Biperienced jock, T. Burt. Mr. 8mith's wagon Balled her after a successful tour through the Mallee. It has reloaded and started again. Enterprise deserves its reward. Border Torn has risen from a picturesque bush to a pretty inland town through his exertions. Mr. Richard McCarthy has started from Nalang with wool tor Guichen Bay, being the first wool from this listrict for that nort.' THE PASS SYSTEM IN THE SOUTH-EAST.-The Border Watch contains the following:-' For tho last 12 months the system of giving passes to all teams crossing the Border into this colony has been in operation. The object intended was to prevent the introduction of pleuro-pneumonia; but any one conversant with the trade of the dis trict knows well that the only effect of the measure lias been to cause inconvenience. It ia positively a worthless measure. As the pass holds for a month, the teamster may travel during that tune over the half of Victoria, and return with an infected team and do all the mischief which it ig - the object of the .regulations to prevent. Besides' ' the keeping for weeks together of a team, even if it is infected, on on imaginary boundary line may be quite as mischievous as allowing it to travel through the district To the Border settlers on the jther side the regulation is especially vexatious, ['hough living within a few miles of the boundary, ind the place.from which they wish to procure lupplies, they cannot cross a team without first ending a dintance of from 20 to 50 miles \o pbUin , pass to travel it may be only 1Q. Seeing the itter inntility ot the pass system, we should like QseeitabelUbid.' Miss Dioifso*, the Spobtdjo Woitts.Be -rence lias been mode in this paper to the pro eedings of Miss Djckson, a person of some elebnty on the New South Wales turf, and whose otoriet- has been recently increased by a charge tid against her of horse-stealing. The lady is thus escribed by a correspondent of the You Court* ? —'It is a great pity she should have condescended to figure on the turf, but she told me she was driven to do it in order to relieve her father from certain liabilities; and I have reason to know «he has already paid off £1.500 out of her winnings. Bhe has been lucky with her hones generally, and equally as lucky in the law courts, to which aht oas been obliged ta drag certain sporting characters irhose consciences are not over tender. Miaa Dickson is a well-educated woman, and those who uve been in her company know how bright is her ntelh'gence. She is the moit complete mistress of, atire I have ever met, well, versed In poUtka, and loquainted with the characteristics of our leading nen. 8he is, in fact, what I term a superior rwuw,' \ ert9 . ? ?....-A 