MODERN EGYPT. The Fatimites, Saladin, and the Mamelukes' (Friend of India, Oct. 15th.) No country out of Europe has such an interest for ludia aB Egypt. Politically it is our gato and we keop_ the key, on either sido, at Aden and Constantinople. Socially, it is our half-way house, and is connected with associations never to be forgotten by tho Englishman in the East, whether he remembers with pleasure his first stroll in Cairo when on I1Í3 road to fortuno, or re- calls with gratitude his last look at Alexandria on his way to rest in the dear old homo. The first Napoleon told the Directory that from Egypt he would conquer India- The second, his nephew, would do the same, through the Suez Canal, in a moro indireet fashion. To Mr. Paton'» book all who are interested in Egypt sinco the Moslem conquest may turn with pleasure. Froin Arab and European Momoire, from oral tradition and looal research, ho has arranged a mass of facts all interesting and many of them new, in a narrative which is told in tho easy-flowing style of the travelled gentleman. As a diplomatic agent, too, Mr. Paton has liad peculiar facilities for the task. In 1839 ho was Private Secretary to Colonel, now Sir George Lloyd Hodges, our Consul-General in Egypt, and watered the career of Mohammed Ali. He held a similar position under Sir Hugh Rose during tho civil war in the Lebanon, and has travelled much in Syria and Europoan Turkey as a correspondent of The Times. .. European interest in Egypt ceases with the ex- tinction of tho theological and philosophical dis- putes of Alexandria, and tho monks of the Tlicbaid, and is revived only for a moment by the brilliant exploits of Saladin in the crusades. Thenceforth all is a blank to the general reader till Napoleon treads the Alexandrian beach. The Greeks succeed the ancient Egyptians, the Ho- mans follow butkeep the Greek tongue.the Arab conquest introduces tho Fatimite Caliphs, thoy gave placo to the Mameluke Caliphs, and they in tnrn to miserable Beys who ruled as the Vice- roys of the Porte till the French supplanted them. The English expelled the French, and Moham- med Hi, the tobacco seller of Roumelia, founded on the clear space left by General Hutchinson, the present hopeful dynasty. Thebes, the hun- dred gated, was the ancient capital, and Alexan- dria that of the Greeks and Romana, but the Arabs fixed upon tho apex of the Nile delta, at Cairo, which still asserts itsdeservedsupreranoy There, in the 18th year of the Hegira, A.D. 639, KaiBaby-Ebn-Kelthoom, with a hundred camela and fifty slaves, established the first Arab settle- ment, under the name of Fostat or tho city of tents. Here was at once built the first moaque in Egypt, and Amru himself helped to put in the key stone of the Kibleh facing tho east. As in Lucknow each king's reign is marked by a palace or a tomb, so tho history of Cairo from Amru to Mohammed Ali is a record of its mos- ques. From this spot ruled, at first, the viceroy of the Abbasido Caliphs of Bagdad, till Ahmcd Ebn Touloun, a slave, asserted his independence, and left the mosque to commemorate his reign, whose pointed arches take precedence of those of Northern architecture, for it was reared from the materials of Coptic churches in which Arian and Athanasian had worshipped. In Egypt, as in India, the slave kings soon gave place to the dynasty of Caliphs established by Moezz,who in 909,by the help of Sicilian Saracons,added Egypt to Uro rest of bia conquests in Northern Africa. Just as at Delhi, he built a now capital near his predecessor's, calling it El Cuhirah, which tho Venetian traders metamorphosed into Il Gran Cairo, whence the Frankish name of Grand Cairo. Moezz professed to be the lineal descen- dant of the brave Ali who married the Prophet's daughter Fatimeh, and hence the name of the dynasty. Tho Christian Copts, the old race, then became to the Moslem tyrants what the Bengalis have ever been in India, Clerks, Secretaries and occasionally Wuzeers. The sixth of this dynasty, tho monster Hakera, is worth a moment's study. A com- pound of Nero and Toghluk, he forms to this day the object of the mysterious worship of the Druses. He slew no less than 18,000 Jews and Christians, hanging heavy crosses to the necks of the latter, and blocks of wood, shaped like the head of the golden calf, on the former. More than 30,000 churches,monasteries and synagogues clidlrolevel with the ground. A boundless genero- sity to Moslem poor was the only redeeming feature in tho tyrant, whose desire to be worshipped as God, according to a book composed in his honor by Darazi, led to tho doctrines of the Druses, which one Hamza constructed into a system, as Hakem's prophet. Soon after this he sacked old Cairo, or Misr, and for three days massacred the people because they criticised his blasphemous conduct, while he allowed the Christian and Jewish apostates to abjure Islam ism. He was murdered by his sister's orders, very much as Nero was, and his son succeeded him. Mr. Payton, unable to find a historical parallel for the monster, declares he possessed all the bad qualities in extravagant combination, of Louis XI. of France, and Henry VIII. of England. Mostanser was tho greatest of the Fatimite Caliphs. He encouraged literature, and had 120,000 volumes in his library. In his reign occurred the most awful of the famines from which the failure of the Nile causes Egypt to suffer periodically: "All the beasts of burden were eaten ; and tho Caliph Mostanser, who had several hundred horses in his stables before this affliction, had only three remaining. After all the dogs and cats woro eaten, they began with human flesh, cutlets of which were publicly sold,and a woman recounts her escape from being butchered in tho following words :-' My flesh being plump, I was seized and dragged into a room covered with marks of blood and exhaling a smell of dead bodies. I was then thrown, naked, flat on my face, and my hands and feet tied ; and after tho excision of cutlets from my hips, they were roasted and eaten. The men having indulged in wine to excess, fell senseless with drunkenness on the floor; and I then began to unloose the cords that bound me, and having swathed my wounds with cloths, I reached my house in tho neighbor- hood. My relations having informed the guard, the man was beheaded immediately.- My wounds are now healed, but my body is still furrowed with deep scars.' On one occasion when tho Vizier went to tho palace mounted on a mule, tho animal wau seized by the people, and eaten ; and tho ring leaders having been crucified, their flesh was cut off from their bones during tho night, and eaten. Tho famine had attained this terrific excess as much by panic as by actual scarcity; and under these cir- cumstances the Vizier adopted a stratagem to abate the evil. Calling a general meeting of tho bakers and millers he introduced among them several criminals taken out of tho prisons. To one of those he said, "Is it not enough that you have deceived tho Caliph in his agrarian revenues, that you must add thereto the deprivation of the people of their food ? Chop off his head," added tho Vizier to his attendants. So the millers and corn-dealers, sup- posing this criminal to be a baker or grain-dealer, and not knowing whose turn might come next, were seized with terror, and at once opened their stores, sold tho secreted grain at a reasonable price, and tho famine soon ended." Mostanser'a weak successors were supplanted by Nureddin, and his Mumeluke was tho groat Saladin, tho founder of the Mameluke Sultans, known .also as the dvnasty of Eyoub or Job,from Saladin's name which, correctly, was Salih-ed din, Jusef Ebn Eyoub, " saviour of the religion, Joseph the son of Job." He built tho castle of Cairo, and made that city really the capital of all Egypt and Syria, as Mohammed Ali would afterwards have done had we allowed him. He founded the military school of tho Mumeluko Sultans, and employed fifty thousand prisoners in building tho citadel and walls of Cairo, to supply whom with water, his well, known as Yousouif's or Joseph's, was dug. For the throne of the Fatimitcs, adorned with brilliants, ho substituted a seat of ebony and ivory. From 1171 to 1517 his dynasty lasted. A Kurd, like so many of tho Mame- lukes-a word which literally is " possessed" or a slave—it was he who gave such a consis« tency to the Mameluke system that tho chivalry of Europe, which could easily have beaten the southern Moslems out of Palestine, could make no impression on the northern races of Circassia, Greece and Kurdistan whom Saladin led. Moreover tho Christian Knights fought under a Syrian sun covered with mail, which weighed them down and attracted tho fierce heat, while the Mamelukes were only their ample turban and loose flowing garments. Mr. Paton justly observes that the decisive battle of Tiberias was lost only by the exhaustion and thirst of the Franks. His account of the Mameluke system is interesting : " Saladin himself was a Kurd, and long before his accession to power, Turkish and Kurdish mercenaries were employed by tho Caliphs of Bagdad and Cairo, as tho Pope employs Swiss. In tho revolts and riots at Bagdad were generally find Turks, prominent in them. Ahmed Ebn Touloun was a Turk, and ruled Egypt long before tho reign of Orchan ; and it was principally by Turkish mercenaries that the mad Caliph Hakem managed to remain so long in the exeroise of his Intolerable rule. Subsequently, however, Circassia became tho country which most largely furnished this class of troops. Their apprenticeship was a long and laborious one ; they were taught, first.of all, to read tho Koran, and to write ; then followed lance exercise, during which time nobody was allowed to speak to them. At first they either resided in the castle, or were exercised living under tents ; but after the time of Sultan Barkouk, they were allowed to live in the town, and the quarter now occupied by the Jews was at that time devoted to the Circassian Mamelukes. After this period they neglected their religious and warlike exercises,,and became degenerate and corrupt. Tho armies of,the Mameluke Sultuus wero composed of Kurds, Turks, Circassians, and Greeks,' divided into parties of ono hundred horsemen, and subdivided into p'¡írtiés"of forty, twenty, and ten lances, besides archers and javelin throwers on foot-the business of the archers being to keep the horsemen clear of tho missiles of the opposite party, and tho business of tho lancers being to prevent the footmen from being trodden down by charges of the opposing cavalry. ' The pay was in Syria less than what it was in Egypt, for what reason does not appear. Once a year the " commanders of one hundred cavaliers received from the Sultan a present of a caparisoned horse : those of a loss rank an uncaparisoned ,one. 'The Mamelukes, besides there pay, had rations of meat, bread, candles, sugar, and oil, besides horse forage. Thoso who exercised at lance-ring, or what we call recruits, were paid in money ; but when thoy ,d¡3 tinguished themselves in war, thoy had lands by military tenure, as in the other feudal monarohios of Europo and in Saladin'« time there was great respect of property, and tho sou inherited from the father, which, says Makrizi, " made thom fight bravely for the country which was to be thoir own." Thus tho registry of Fiefs (Divan-el-Kntol), and the the Great War Office (Divan-el-Gioush), were in constant communication. As regards foreigners, the Droit-d' Aubano oxisted; for in 1279, the ambassador of the Franks ot Syria haviug died in Cairo, his property passed to tho treasury. , ,,,, , When a Mameluke was elected Sultan, instead of being crowned ho mounted on horseback, and tho Emirs in their turn carried tho ghashieh, or saddle-cloth, both emblems of a monarchy more military than civil. Tho city was decorated and illuminated j and the Emirs, or generals (literally commanders), dined with tho Sultan, who was uko our kings, not a Caliph, or an emperor, but primus inter pares. On such -fes- tive occasions, an officer called the Nasir- el Beyoot, or Inspector of Houses, was usually present : this was the Court Fool, who had free permission to make what remarks he chose. When either a ¡sultan or a rebellious pretender was defeated, his drums were burst in token thereof, and when a Sultan died, his bow, quiver, and escritoire inlaid with ivory, were carried ' at ' his funeral." The golden period of the Mameluke Sultana was that of Kalaon, who. followed up tho polioy of Saladin, expelled the Franks from Syria and rebuilt much of Damascus. His capture of Aero was intended to keep back subscqucut crusaders from Cyprus whioh remained in Latin hands. Peaoo, wealth and tho finer arts distinguished the later years of Kalaon ; ho found Cairo brick and loft it marble. The heavy old stylo of dead walls covered with gypsum gavo place to that exqu-BÍto Saracenic architecture which caused it to rival Granada. So poworful and brilliant where the Mameluke Sultans of Cairo in the fourteenth contury that Machiavolli wrote-'tbe influence of a land full of delights waa bo modified by the vigor of the institutions, that' Egypt produced most eminent men of every kind, and, if the long successionof ages hadnot extinguished their names,wo should have seen how much more worthy of praise they were than Alexander the Great, and so many others whose renown still flourishes," The Mameluke Sultana, who begin with the Kurdish Saladin, increased under the Bahrito family, attained their greatest glory under tho Turkish race aud perished undera Circassian stock. They were- acknowledged al independent by the Bagdad Caliphs, and'as legitimate by their own pooplo. Tho proud Venotians were thoir carriers ; and bo insult- ingly did they troat tho greatest republic Europo baa seen, that thoy took away the rudder and mamsail ot ovory snip winch entered Alexandria, and did not restore them till they chose. To this tho haughty Venetian» submitted under tho throat of being supplanted by their Genoese rivals. The lust of the effete Circassian Mamoluke Sultans of Cairo compelled tiro Venetians lo talco Indian goods al his own prico, and then complained ol' tho decline of trade. Annoyed at tho fact Ural the Portuguese had stolen it from him by the Cape, he fitted oat an uusuccossful expedition ogaiuat them from tho ports of tho lied Sea. In 1517, uino years boforo tho fall of Hungary, the Turkish Sultan Seliin dofo.ited the Ciroas. - sian successor of tho great Saladin on tho plain near Aloppo, aud Egypt became a provinco of Turkey and was ruled from Constantinople. Divided into 24 districts, each under a Mameluke, Eygpt was ruled by seven Boys who formed the Divan of Cairo uuder a PaBha, There tho Mamelukes degenerated erny century till, when Napoleon planned bri descent on the Nile valloy.tho country waa ruled by Murad Boy and Ibrahim J3ey. Their weakness invited the invasion of Napoleon who hoped to wound England in her moil vital part, A Nrono SomheiTwiio Siuuks Five Lak ghaoks.-Ono Nicholas Saib, a Bcrgcanl in the 55th Massachusetts Volunteer-», has a curious nnd romantic history, which the Boston 2Vans« cripl thus records :-" Ho is an intelligent looking ne^ro, porfectly black, modest and gentlemanly in his bearing, and remarkable alike for his experiences and his culture. As wo understand his story, as ho told it in a brief interview, ho ia a nativo of Central Afrioa, horn, in tho neighborhood of Tunbuctoo. In some way he was iiivciglecl,iuto slavery lo a party of Arabs, und found his way first to Egypt, and from thenco to Turkey. Alter a whilo lie reached tit. Petersburg, was converted to) Christianity, and baptised as a member of the Greek Church, dropping thnamo o! Mohammed and tukiiig that of Nicholas, lie íb now ft Protestant, ho Bays, emphatically. From St. Petersburg, ho went to Germany, and entered the service of a Hollander, »vitlr whqnj he cunio lo this country und settled in Detroit Ho enlisted ' because all his folks'seemed to b,a doing bo.' Saib speaks five- luugu.igos, ana can, read or write three or four of them. HisFronoh, is quilo Parisian, aud his Italian correct. He gives an entertaining description of his native region, iho employment of its inhabitants, and their manners and iiistoms. They .ire generally .Mohammedans. Wore it not for h;s cojor anq position, Saib would pass anywhere fop ft person of no urnall acquisitions. As it is, no one. eau seo or talk w itli him without being mole favorably impreased with his deportment and intelligence. He ¡b one, but not the only one« of tho persona of African descent, in campât Hoadville, whose acquisitions and behavior go,' far to dispel ignorant and vulgar prejudicial against the colored raco." Ice rou Diphtheria.-A correspondent of/ tho Providence Journal vouches for the cfiicaoy. of ¡co a9 a cure for diphthona, croup, afld, ordinary inflammation of tho throat.Tho manne? of application íb us follows :-" Break up a small lump of ice in a towel and put tho piceos in a bowl. Take position slightly inclined back- ward, cither in a chair or on a Bora. Proceed for half an hour with a teaspoon to feed yourself with small lumps of ice, letting thom dissolve slowly in tho back part of tho mouth or the eutrauco ol' the throat. A single such applica- tion will often break off a common soro throat, which otherwise Mould have a course of two or throo days, in caso uf a had soro throat, use the ice frequently and f'rooly. In caso of ulcération or diphtheria, keep a small lump of ice constantly in tho mouth." D vino to iii: a Ghost.-The Oude Gazette reports that Mr. Morrison, the head gardener of the Winglield-Park, recoutly observing one of his mon ina somowhul comatose stato while making beliovo to ho at work, roused him with a shove which caused him to stagger and fall on all fours. On the following morning Mr, Mor- rison was informo J that tho mau had died during the night. On inquiry it was ascortainod that ho had taken u lar^o doso of ursonic.and that the motivo for tho suicide was tho bollol' that Mr. Morrison would over after bo haunted by the ghost of the man w lioso dignity hu had oQ'onded by a hasty shove. A Stuanoií Story.-Sir James Graham, in the last week of May,183'l, with great regrot, loft the Cabinet of Earl Groy, to whom ho was much attached, and surrondorcd the high office cf First Lord of tho Admiralty, which waa vory agreoablo to him, on account of the decision of tho Cabinet to entertain tho question of appro- priation of Church property to secular purpoaei. lu the first wook of June, 183<1, Mr. George lliainire, a native of Cumberland, differing from Sir Jnmcs Graham aa to política, and very much opposbd to bira -a barrister of Lincoln's-inn appears to havo boon bo pleased with Sir James Graham for abandoning oflico and quitting his purty upon principle, urged by a conscientious senso of duty, that ho then made his will, loaving to Sir James Graham absolutely all his real and personal property, worth perhaps £'10,000. Mr. George l5lamiro died in tho Bummer of 1863, and lib will Iiub hocu proved, but Sir Jamea Graham having diod inOct 'her, 18G1, the logaov lapata, and Mr. Georgo Jilamiro's property will bo divided among bia uoxt of kin,-Times, Not. 