FORBES. I LABOR OUR CORRESPONDENT!.! I LAND so bushranging is not yet dead amongst us. I After nursing his lame leg into a state of convales- I cence, Ben Hall assumes the chieftainship of the fag end of the bandit gang who have provided ever and I plundered these regions during the last two years. This scoundrel, as yet, appears to wear a charmed existence, and notwithstanding his active participation in that superlative piece of ruffianism which terminated in the destruction of a considerable amount of Mr. Campbell's property, and thirsted after his life, there are still those who sympathise with him, and regard him as a victim of police persecution. As you have already been informed through the telegraph wire, this worthy, who has the reputation of carrying a handsome face, and his associate a very ugly one, stopped and robbed three drays, near Canowindra, when they overhauled the whole of the load- ing in a very unceremonious manner, selecting for booty a singular assortment of merchandise, consisting of men's, women's, and boys'' boots, whips, women's apparel, and sundry articles too numerous to detail. When I tell your readers that the value of the property stolen by these plunderers amounts to something more than the carriage-money of the unfortunate teamsters, and that they were under the necessity, after all their toil and care in driving their loads from Sydney to Forbes, of borrowing a little money to carry them back to Bathurst, I imagine that the honest and respectable portion of them will regard with feelings very much akin to disgust and abhorrence the sympathies with the comely miscreant who prefers living upon other people's industry to eating honest bread. It would be a blessing to this part of the country if Ben Hall's career were cut short by a bullet, a rope, or a sojourn at Cockatoo, and that his ugly mate shared his lot. After the interview of the pair with the two ladies referred to in your telegram, they had a chat with Mr. Bowler about several bits of horse-flesh, of which he is the proprietor, and having promised him impunity, proceeded on their way to Tummenbit, a station of Mr. John Suttor's, at which, when Mr. Hamilton's property, Hall spent a considerable portion of his early life. . Calling at a sheep station in the vicinity, they demanded and obtained refreshments and having partaken thereof, they started on their journey, jauntily promising payment when next they passed that way. Although Forbes is by no means in a state of active, vigorous prosperity, the feeling of despondency, which was once all but universal, nave disappeared, and is replaced by as general a confidence. The Billabong, I need hardly Bay, is the cynosure amongst the diggers and diggings of the Lachlan region, In addition to the four engines now at work crushing, two others are shortly expected-one from Victoria, of forty horse-power, with machinery to correspond. Indeed, should the numerous reefs discovered of late prove payable, or the greater portion of them, all the crushing power, present and prospective, will be utterly inadequate to the requirements of the field. There are now about 3000 tons of quartz waiting to be crushed at the various improved reefs, but without any immediate prospect of being tested, for want of the necessary appliances. The Bushman's Reef still maintains its reputation, and, at a moderate estimate it is believed, will yield to each of its fortunate proprietary some £10,000 or £12,000. It is intended to locate a commissioner permanently upon the field, Mr. Sub-commissioner King being the one selected for this duty. Mr. King arrived a few days ago, and is about to take his departure for Currajong, where his presence as a magistrate, apart from his official duties as a commissioner, will be of service to the community. Although considerable quantities of gold find their way from the Billabong to Forbes, it is the produce of a few claims, and is, therefore, confined to a few hands. A very sensible benefit, however, is felt from the money it puts into circulation, and so soon as additional power is brought to bear in the quartz crushing operations around Currajong, a very decided change for the better will supervene. A rather amusing case of that disreputable practice of "jumping " shares, the power to do which is given by the present mining laws, occurred at the Billabong a few days ago. A person named Baker, who ranks amongst the knowing ones, and knows how to make the most of an opportunity, got a hint that a working miner who represented a share belonging to a citizen of Forbes, had neglected to take out a miner's right. Not being quite sure upon the point, and afraid to make enquiries upon the spot, lest his purpose might be divined and thwarted, he started for Forbes, fast as horse-flesh would carry him, and contrived to get into a confidential conversation with the owner, who in an unguarded moment blurted out the fact, that he had forgotten, as requested by his representative, to take out his miner's right. This avowal was all that was wanted. his trice Baker was on his way back. Tam O'Shanter mare hardly rushed away from the ghost at a quicker pace than Baker rushed towards his golden claim in ex- pectancy. With a commendable promptitude the reef was reached, the slate jumped, and a man put in possession, and thus for the time-being was this piece of legalised robbery brought to a conclusion. Doubly sharp people, however, frequently overreach themselves. In the hurry of the hour, Mr. Baker forgot that his own representative had no miner's right. The circumstance was quickly discovered by the original proprietary, who quickly dispossessed the intruder and re- jumped the share. Thus the adventurous, industrious Baker got his labour for his pains. The share in question is said to be worth about £200. Several valuable shares now yielding good returns to their owners have been obtained in this worse than questionable fashion. The news from the Pinnacle still continues satisfactory. About a hundred miners are at work upon the ground. Mr. Baldwin, storekeeper, of Forbes, has recently jumped a portion of the prospecting claim, said to be in excess of the area slowed to prospectors, and purposes setting fourteen men to work. A part of this service has been pegged out by Mr. Watson, of the Crystal Palace, and the dispute between these two claimants is a question for the decision of the commissioner. An opinion pretty generally prevails that good alluvial diggings will yet be found in the neighbourhood. An engine and crush- ing machinery will shortly be erected upon a convenient spot in Mr. Strickland's run, known as Boyd. Excellent specimens of auriferous quartz continues to' be found amongst the mullock at the Fountain head Range, North Lead, near Forbes. The shaft is now upwards of 120 feet deep, and it is the opinion of good judges that a rich reef is close at hand. The expense incurred by the shareholders in the erection of a whim and making other necessary arrangements for the prosecution of the workings is an earnest of their own faith in the prospects of their undertaking. Since the last notice which appeared in your journal about the movements of Ben Hall, it has transpired that he and his mate made their appearance at the Billabong, Several rumours followed of stolen horses, amongst which was one that a horse belonging to Mr. Tom, a squatter of that neighbourhood, worth £60 had disappeared. A day or two afterwards, however, this and the other horses turned up, so for once the Pinnacle bushranger has been maligned. There is a little further news relative to the dastardly and murderous attack of the two miscreants upon Mr. Barnes on Sunday morning last, about two miles from the Southern Cross. The spot selected for their diabolical purpose is a sand-hill, the road over which passes through a dense pine scrub, which is admirably adapted for the object in view. Upon the approach of the mail a cry of " pull up " came from the scrub, the response to which not being so prompt as the robbers desired, one of them fired at the driver, who heard the bullet whiz past him, at a short distance, whereupon the horses took fright and galloped on, when a second shot was fired, and a second bullet, as it fortunately happened, sped by Mr. Barnes on its harmless mission, close by his person. The horses dashed on their course, and as the bushrangers were on foot Mr. Barnes did not attempt to check them. On the following day two mounted troopers were dispatched to the spot, within fifty yards of which a pocket handkerchief was found, with the name of one of two men who had been seen the day before by Mr. Barnes, about the Southern Cross public-house. As yet, however, nothing further has transpired in connection with the affair, Morris, the publican, who was brought up about a fortnight ago upon a charge of perjury, at the instance of a horse dealer named Hey, whom he had previously charged with horse-stealing, acquittal being the result in both cases, has again been charged with wilful and corrupt perjury, uttered by him in a second charge of horse-stealing preferred against Hey. The case in order pending, the defence not having yet been gone into. There has, doubtless, been a vast amount of false swearing connected with these cases, and it would be a blessed riddance to society if the guilty party were brought to the bar of public justice, and made to expiate his offences. May 16th 