WEDNESDAY MOUSING, JULY 20, 1861. The contest between the Town Council' and tie Corio Club for tie possession of tie cricket ground ias ended as every spectator, not being a' councillor, knew that it must end—in the utter discom fiture of tie Council. It is not tie first time tiat our town councillors have placed themselves ii a:-iumiiating'po sition, but we doubt if they ever descended so low on any previous occasion. The majority in tie Council iave allowed themselves to be dragged through tie mire in order that one or two of their number may have their personal quarrels with the cricketers avenged. i\'o one can deny to tie town councillors tie merit of activity, but their efforts are sadly misdirected. They have done nothing towards, giving effect to the last new act in regard to paving the foot-paths, but they are great in- their efforts to destroy local improvements made without their co-operation. A cow is seen grazing in side an enclosure, and all their energy is brought to bear upon the effort to dis lodge her, in order that she may be taxed. While busily engaged in this great work, no time can be spared for looking to the numerous stagnant and disease-gendering pools caused by alterations in the street levels. They can spare no money to improve the reserves in their possession, to erect fences or to plant trees, but they can find, enough to treat themselves to a trip to Melbourne with the view of obtaining permission to make a wilder ness of one of the few nooks of waste lands which .hare been reclaimed. The action taken by the Town Council was not only ungracious, but positively dishonest. They tried to commit a rob bery. Knowing well that the Corio Cricket Club had acquired their title to the land by the discharge of a public debt on the enclosure—knowing that the club had spent large additional sums in the improvement of the ground —they unblushingly sought to lay j violent hands on the property, and to appropriate it . without rendering back a farthing of the private funds which had been spent upon it. Town Councillors it seems are ready to commit acts of meanness, in their corporate capacity, which, we will do them the credit to believe, they would shrink from in the transaction of their own private busi ness. ' :• - ' The notion that the Cricket Club is an j ephemeral body, while the Corporation | will last for all time, is, viewed in rela j tioii with the facts of the case, highly ! ludicrous. It so happens that the club is a more venerable institution than the ; corporation, and at the present moment I a great deal more vigorous. Perhaps the matter might be compromised by the "club making its 2 will in favor 'of the corporation. If, however, the Corporation is determined to' live for ever, and the exis tence of the Clnb is to be ephemeral, there is no occasion for being in a hurry—the Corporation may get the ground, but it would be only decency to let the Club give up." the ghost first— there is no occasion to knock the victim on the head before robbing him. We have a suggestion to make. It is a pity that the new-born zeal of the Town Council for the recreation of the inhabitants shou'd not be allowed free scope. Let them select the best piece of land that can be found within the corporation boundaries, apply to Mr Gbant for a tenure similar to that of the Corio Club, .md go into vigorous opposition pro bono publico. Let the corporation show that they are any thing but muffs in carrying on the recreative business, and perhaps,—who knows ?—the Corio Club may he fairly driven from the field, and before retiring, may gracefully hand over their stock-in trade. as well 'as the good-will of the business. But there is room enough for both; and- we shall be delighted; to see the.Club and the Corporation carry on their honorable rivalry for all lime. 