THE OOASTGUAEDSMAITS TALE. (From Once a Week.) " Good evening, sir." " Good ovonihg. A lino night this," " Yes, sir — a niccish sort of night. Pity for us wo don't havo moro of them." Tho sccno was oa tho south ooast of Corn wall, where I had retired a fow days beforo the commencement of tho long vacation, to seek a short rcposo from the turmoil and worry of tho law, leaving behind mo tho old time-worn buildings of Lincoln's Inn, where tho old sundial, with itsnuaint motto. seldom looked at, and still seldomcr hooded, is per petually reminding us of tho frail tenure by which wc hold our lives; leaving the barristers, in tboir gowns and wigs, hurriedly passing from courts to consultations (or, in other words, from foe to foe) ; tho lawyers, in thoir black dross, and with their bundles of papers under their arms ; and tho office-boys, with big bags, stuffed full of — what it would bo hard to enumerate — briefs, oases, opinions, and all tho other multifarious paraphornalia of tho profession, evidently looking upon themselves as 110 mean part of thoir respective establish ments ; leaving all this busy scene (and only too glad to do so), to seek a littlo rest and quiet, in and about the quietest part of Eng land. I had taken rooms in a littlo villago about half a mile from tho sea; and the short walks gradually extended, the regular hours and quietness of everything internally and ex ternally was fast bringing mo round again, when the circumstances Lam about to rotate took place. It was a lino mooulight evening, and I stood gazing out of my wjndow at tho few strangers still passing np and down tho village street, when a sudden wish camo into my head to take a walk .along tho cliffs by moonlight. I had often thought of doing this, woiidering what sort of life tho coast-guardsmen had - of it— thoso mon by whom every inch of England, so thoy say, is walked round every night, as they paoo up and down, night after night, and year aftor year ; and so I resolved, at last, to put my long fancied scheme into axccution. . I had boon sauntering along for about half a milo, looking at tho bluo waves, reaching far far out into tho distance, and ohequored horo and thcro by tho distant sail of somo fishing- boat, gleaming silver in tho moonlight, and at tho long golden track, reaching from far away up to tho base of tho, cliffs — tho footpath of the fairies, as I had been told long ago — and peopling it, in my fancy, with tho light spirits of tho air, tripping along iu many a fantastic maze, on tho glittering surface, and calling to thoir sister sprites in the water below, when I was startled by an approaching footstep, and looking up, saw a man closo to me, while tho inviting smell from a short pipe quickly re called mo from my fanccs to a senso of ordi nary existqneo. All that I noticed of his dross was that he had oh a rough pilot coat, with a low hat, whilo a thick walking-stiok formed his only apparent weapon of offence and defoneo. In Bhort it was with him that the sentences ' first abovo written,' wero exchanged. I soon found that my now acquaintance was ono of that vory body of mon that I had so often pondered about; and so, hnving fallen into conversation, I walked on a bit with him. " I supposo you don't havo muoh to do now besides walking up and down, do yon ?" " Why, no, sir. There's not so much doing ' as thero used to' bo, onco on a time, though I havo seen some goings on iu my timo . Mind whoro you aro treading, sir 1" he ex claimed. " Tho oliff is not very safe along tho edge, and if it gavo way you would bo smashed on tho rocks below liko a poor fellow I knew was somo time ago. God rest his soul I" " What of him ?" I said. " Did any ono fall over horo 7" " Why, no, sir. Ho didn't oxaotly fall over, and it wasn't over this oliff, neither, but the ono wo shall como to next. My beat ends there, and, as I am a bit boforo my time, I expect my mate won't ho up for ten minutes or so; and, if you liko to hear tho tale, though it's not so much after all, I will tell you on tho spot whoro it all lmpponed. In deed, to say tho truth, I shall bo vory glad of " Xx hoc memento pendent nternltni," ' | your company, for its a whisht spot, and, often ns I have waited thcro, I am always glad to turn my back on it again." Wo soon reached tho hay by tho light of tho moon. Aftor looking along tho cliff, to soo if there wero any signs of his companion, and, not finding any, ho sat down on a stone, and I lighted a cigar, and, taking my placo besido him, ho began , " It is not so many yoars ago, sir, oight or nino, maybe, when a young gentleman camo dawn here, as it might he you, to spend a iponth or so — our town being a quiot sort of place, like. Ho wastf t a had looking sort of fellow, and had small and whito hands. In deed, most people would havo called him handsomo, though tliaro was always a kind of look about his mouth I didn't liko to seo. Ho was staying up at tho Minors' Arms, and thcro soon got tales about tho town of tho way in which ho and two or threo othor wild young follows about horo, as thorc aro ovorywhoro, used to go on ; tho sitting up at nights, the drinking and oard-playing, and tho wild freaks thoy used to be at. But as ho always had plonty of monoy, and paid his bill every wook (it was by his own wish) Polmarthon, tho landlord, sir, never cardd to say anything to him. He was a closo man, was Polmarthon, and no doubt ho raado plenty of monoy out of his customer ; bat it would havo been hotter for him if bo had nover lot Mr. Hfindon under his roof. His daughter, protty Kato Polmar thon, as sho was always called; was tho prottiost girl for miles about (I see you guoss what's coming) and many was tho gla33 that bad boon emptied in her honour, and many a young man would havo given muoh to havo'stooc well in lior good graces; but, though sho was a bit of a flirt, thcro was none that had ever found favour in hor eyes hut Ralph Tregarva Folks often wondered how it was that old Pol marthon over allowed his daughter to engage herself to "young Tregarva, who was only a fishorman; bat, though tho old man loved monoy muoh, ho loved hie daughter more ; and though I hear there was some tronblo about it, yet iu tho end bo gave way to her in this. It was not long, however, after Mr. Hendon camo down hero, that a change seemed to come ovor . poor Kate. She would sit silent for hours, and if Ralph camo to try and cheer hor. np, sho wonld speak sharply and harshly to him, and then sometimes burst into a flood of tears, and beg his pardon, and kiss him, and tell him that ho was tho dearest and host of men, and that she was not worthy of him. I was a great friend of his, and I gathered most of this from him at the time, poor fellow. I was sitting in my cottage ono day, towards tho ovening, thinking it would soon bo time to bo going off on my heat, when young Tregarva burst in, with a face as whito as a sheet, and scarcely able to stand. " What is tho matter, man," said I; havo you soon a ghost ?" but he staggered to a chair and fell, rather than sat, down on it, holding his faco between his hands, while the big sods that hurst from him seemed to shako him from head to foot, thonirh not a tear fell through his fingers. I stood by him for some littlo timo, but he seemod to grow worse in stead of hotter, and at lost I laid my band on his shoulder. " Como, Ralph, bo a man ; what is all this about ?" Ho turned on mo liko a tigor,. " Leave ino alone,- curse you. Do you too mook at mo?" and, with one spring ho was past mo, and out st tho door liko a mad man. I followed in haste, greatly alarmed as yon may suppose, hut could ses nothing of him. .There was a mist rising, and any ono would havo been invisible at any moderate distance; and it was- with deep forebodings that I went my rounds that night. When I returned to my CDttage, I noticed a small piece of paper lying on the floor. It explained all. It was a letter from Hendon to Kate, evi dently written in a hurry,- and was all orumpled up as if it bad been clenched in tho fingers. No doubt it had dropped from- Ralph's hand, though how ho got it I do not know. It left no room for doubt. Ho urged her to fly from «tho village boforo her condition became known, and promised that he would provide for her. Soon aftor, I heard more. That same ovening Kato Polmarthen had disappeared. That morning her bedroom had been found empty, and sho was gone. What surprised others, though not me, was, that hor father mado no search "after hor — for ho made nono, Ho know only too well why sho had gono. Hendon was still in tho village, in order, I suppose, to divert all attention from himself, as ho was not aware that tho note had boon found, Ralph and I eaoli keeping our own counsol. What need to publish tho certainty -of hor shame, Wo heard nothing of Ralph for thrco days, whon he returned and wont about Tiis work just as usual, but reseDting fiercoly any men tion of tho past. His manner, too, was quito ohanged. Oh 1 so haggard and wild ho looked, and with a dogged kind of sullenness in placo of his light-hearted gaioty. Evon to me ho nover spoko now, and one or two attempts I made to draw him out into conversation wero met with such bursts of rago that I was obliged to leave him to himself. And. now I must como to tho most paiqfnl part of my talo. Yon seo that tho bay below is.closed in at high tide, and the sand gets quite covered. It was high water about halfpast eleven on the Sep tember evening, whon I was on my heat, and a bright night just liko this. I was walking ,along tho top of tho cliff, just where we aro now, when I' thought I heard a voice down below, on tho heaoh,. which was nearly under water. Surprised at this, I looked over, and I saw that thsro was a figuro thero, and that ho was rushing about, and shouting up. I could recognise the voico oFHondon, and called out " Holloa, thoro 1" " Help I help I" ho oriod.; " I am cut off by tho tido. I can't Bivim Send a boat. For God's sake holp mo." i So it was. Sauntering along, I suppose, he waited thero, and found himself out off by the rising tido, whioh would have been the case an hour and a half beforo I saw him ; so that ho must havo waited at least that time, with the water gradually rising higher and higher. But what was to bo dona ? True I- had a rope, and in stinctively I had taken it out, hut it was only a short ono, about a dozen yards long. I always carry a bit about with .mo. It often comes in useful ; hut what good was it now ? I could not descend tho cliff, and if I left my heat and went for assistance ho would bo drowned long beforo I could return. Evon whilo I hesitated, I heard a step behind mo, and Ralph Tregarva stood by my sido. " I can go down that cliff," said he, in that mea sured and dogged tone he had always used sincejTHEN, though thoro seomcd to ho an ex pression of Bavago exultation in his tono that I 4 Coralih for N dull— melancholy." night that mado mo shudder. "I will go Givo mo that rope." " Good God !" I ox- claimod, " it is certain death 1" Whilo I spoke, however, hp had snatched tho rope out of my hands, lot himself, over tho edge of tho cliff, and was goiug down hand-umlor-hand, clutching at every littlo bush and every tuft of grass. My hoad swam watching him. Ono slip, and - ho would havo fallon, literally "smashed" on tho rooks below; hut ho seemed to hear a charmed lifo, for still I could soo him going down, further and further, crawling liko a lizard, till lio was only somo oight or nino yards from tho bottom. Thero ho stopped. There is a flat ledgo of rook there and he lay.down on it. It was a still night, and I could hear him as plainly as I could you, sir. " Mr. Hendon," ho called out. " Oh„ thank God, you aro como at last 1" I heard Mr. Hondon answer. " Horo I am. How can I roach yon ?" " I havo a ropo "with mo ; if I throw it you can got np horo." " Yes, yes ; bo quick, bo quick. Tho tido has risen up to my knees, and I am half dead with cold." " Just so," was tho strange answer of Tre garva. "Quick! quick 1 do not'triflo with mo; I shall drown." " You will not drown for half an hour yot, Mr, Hendon," replied Tregarva, with a laugh. But such a laugh It sounded liko tho laugh of a fiend. " Oh.M for mercy's sake, be quick." "Morcy 1" eohoedjJ Tregarva; " such as you have-shown shall bo shown to you. Whoro is Kato Polmarthen ?" " I do not kuow ; I do not indeed. Quiok, tho wator is over my knocs." "Liar," re turned Ralph, heedless of his agonising em. . troaties. " I havo ventured my lifo to como hero. Did you think it was to save you ? No, it was to secure my revonge. Novor shall you come up horo alive. Listen to mo. Whon I heard of her flight, I was among tho first to visit hor houso. Hor father found a. letter. from you, telling her where to.go'and that you would meet hor. Sho had dropped it in her hurried departure. But nover shall yon moot her in this world. Liar 1 seducer I vour last hour is como. I have hut to throw" you this ropo and aon are safe. Your life js in my hands I huTiad I a thousand lives, and wero each of them entwined in your ono, I would Jivo up all — all, to punish yon." Again ' the scream aroso — " Mercy I mcroy I"'" Morcy 1" again eohocd Tregarva. " Such morey as tho lion shows to his proy, such shall. you have. You shall die, wretch — dio iu your Bins; and ns tho wator mounts highor and highor, think' of hor whoso body and soul you havo mur dered — think of mo whoso poaco of mind, you, in your wantonness, havo utterly wrecked, and then ask for morcy— novor." Oh, that I could forget tho fearful scene that followed. The wretched Hondon, as tho . water . mounted higher and higher, while each wave almost toro him away from his frail hold on tho pro jections of tho rook, clung to tho cliff, shriek ing out mingled prayers and blasphemies in his agony, whilfe the relentless waves camo dashing in, rearing up, with a htrarso boom against tho rooks, whilo, above all, rose tho frantio yells of Tregarva, as he oxnltcd in his terrors and sufferings, like a wild boast over his victim. The crisis arrived. ' Ono moun tainous wave camo rolling in, and while his. dcath-sbriok sfill rnng in my ears, Hendon was toro away from his hold. His whito-faeo appeared gleaming amongst tho spray for one moment, tho noxt I10 was dashed with fearful forco against tho rocks, and tho next a bleeding and shattered body was borne out to' sob. Ralph was ro-ascending tho cliff, whon,T6sing his scanty foothold, ho slipped away. For one moment he hung suspended from tho shrub ho was holding, and then, as tho roots.gavo way under his weight, ho fell — down into' tho Bamn tomb to whioh he had -consigned his victim. His body was never-found. That of Hondon 1 was recovered noxt-day, and an inquest held! I was tho principal witness, and a verdict of " wilful murder " was returned against Tre garva. I havo littlo moro to tell. Poor Kate and hor babe lio sido by side in tho church yard. And now, sir, can yon wonder that I don't much like being.hero all alone? ButT seo my mate is coming, just in timo, so I will bid you good night; sir." " Good night." And I returned to my lodgings, a saflder and moro thoughtful, if not a wiser man. 0\. O. Welby. An Illinois Preacher. — Not long since I re- ccivod a call from a popular preacher. During tho \reok lio works nt waggons, when ho prepares his soimons 1 do not know. Ho always has large con gregations. I have always taken him to be a harm less. inolTonsivo man. 1 havo felt n. littlo bitter to wards him for somo timo, because, in fitting a conplo of waggon-wheels forme, he used such poor timber, which was rails, and mado such loose joints that, undor a moderate load, ono wbeel broko down, and tho othor Ir likely to givo way at any timo. How- over, tho ton dollars 1 paid hun must bo considered so much in support of tbo Gospel, though most of it was io cofTeo. It wob Saturday afternoon, and I saw at aglanco that it. was a particular visit, for the bosom atul collar of his shirt'had moro bluing in thom than forovcry day wear. It Is likely that ho called because I went to hoar hiin preach tlio pre vious Sunday. Oh that occasion his toxt was from 2nd Samuel, 22nd chapter, 34th verso : — " Ho makethmy feet liko hinds feet, and sctteth mo in high places." As ho could not read very well, ho had mistaken ' hinds" for " hen," and upon this reading, ho built his dlscourso, going on to show that as tho feet of hens aro mado to hold faBt to a stick or to a branch of n trco, thoy sleep securely,' while without such fec't thoy would fall off. So it was in Chtistian lifo, the foot are faith, tlio branch is tho premises, which are taken hold of. and by this means tho Christian is, according to tho Word,<r "set up in high places," and though rain may fall, ' and tho wind may blow, -he is safo. For moro than half an hour ho enlarged on tho text in this manner, while his hearers wondered at his ability to explain tho Scriptures. I had a conversation with tho preacher.." I remember," ho said, "'tis now only had a 'pointment to preach in old JoaHMor the fust tlmeand as there is a power ; vimu' chants, and spch larnccd men in thinks I to myself, and says I, I must jflJMPeri-tvbat a sarmon is, and I will, and If for gp$Ein mOro than to do honour to old Union County, and I.pickcd out.my tcx, airly Monday mornin', nqfc intending to do a liok o'. work all tbo week, and I didn't, for every. mornin I wont away off into tho woods, and into a big <>ink hole, and I said, this «oclc is tho cheer, and them . trees is tho lawyers, and I took my tex, aud. then I preached, sometimes ono way, sometimes t'other, till I got tho fust part as I wauted it, and I said, you're all right, -I'll you. and so I wont on till I got 'era all right, then I put 'em together, and preached 'cm together, and I thought I had 'em as tboy ortor to bo, I thought I liad the best sermon as. over was preached, 'audi don't know but I had but, you see, when 1 got into tho school-houso, which was chock full, and I'd prayod aud given out the himes, and took my. tax, and got a littlo way, just as I had' it, things (-ot kinder tangled, and I mado tho fifth part como aft.'ro the second part, and 1 told a part of an antidote I'd told aforo, and thoy was a beginnin to laugh, when, seeing what a scrnpo I'd got into, I jest threw it ill away, and preached as I'd allers preached, whcnim felt free, and I never was so happy in my lifo, arS whon I got through they was so solemn vou conhvm a hoard a pin drop.'- —New York' Tribune. \\\ 