f& SUCH IS LIFE. . A NOVEL Ol? EVEBY DAT. ' * JJy a Beformed Sensational. . The honeymoon was over, and the Hon. Chirk Gobowon and his beautiful brido, nm Carolinodo Corwon, lounged languidly oro? dinner .at tho Tulturo Hotel, Civyiumypyllymynech. It commands a. view of j the lovely lukos of Lampe tor, Bah», and Ellosm'ero, and with the triple peak of Snowdon in the baek ground, and > the fierce ruggedness of Mold below, the scone is unequalled savoih tho North American Pampas. But the young cpuplo hecdod it not. . - ? " The worst dinner I over ate," said Mr Qobowon, discontentedly. ... "It is very. bad,", said Mrs Gobowen j "but I think tho dinner on our wodding day was ovon moro disagree able." , ' "Yoryßood of you to say so, I'm sure," said hor handsome husband, with an evil glance i " ? " I say what I mean, Chirk," was tho cold roply.; , '.' If that is tho ease," said Mr, Gobowon, "It seems to mo that wo'vo been and made a sort of-woll a mistake, uud the sooner wo repair it tho botter." ' "I'm agreeablo," Bald tho Hon. Mrs Gobowen, with a smile. . " Blest if you are," retorted her husband j but norer mind that now.. We'd bettor Bopnrate." i . ? "Soparato, indood," snid Caroline. "That would be. pleasant for me wouldn't it ? No, indeed, no half meas- ures for mo," said : tho boautiful young wifo, filling hor glass with' what is callod claret nt tho Vulture, or at all events charged for as elurot and.tho best. " Well, what's your wholo measure, then ?" asked hor husband, curiously. " Our marriage was a mistake All runaway marria- ges aro. I am hoartily tirod of you. I havo hoard all your stories, and all your travels, and-in short, you boro mo." " I reciprocate tho sontimorit,' ' said Mr Gobowen.- " I have hoard all your songs, and your voico is not what I used to think it, and really your, accounts of all the rub -Dishing novela you have ever road havo their merit, bu they aro not particularly, intoreatiug. ', What's to bi done." - ' ' - ." - " Let us destroy all evidence of our marriago, and gi book into society. I am supposed to have been on i visit to my aunt, Lady' Gumdragnn. She will not dan to contradict ino, as I know of sovoral murdors -whicl she committed to get at the title, and also tho secret o hor enamel. You have boen-what does itmattcrwhcri aman has been ?" « My uncle, tho Secretary for the Buoys and Beacom knows of our escapade," said Mr Gobowen, "because ] borrowed a couple of hundreds from him ut starting but he won't tell because I am awaro of some ' forgeries ho committed in order to become a Minister. So all ii safo. Hera's tho marriago certificate Tear it, ard I'll look in Bradshaw's to see how you eau get across conn try to your aunt's." " Aro you a fool ?" said the lovely Carolino Gobowen " I was, ono day about a month back ," said Chirk Sho was too proud to reply to the taunt, but proceeded "Is there not a copy of that certificate in tho book! of tho church at Eisteddfod ?" "ByJovo, yes. That's awkward." ' " Not at all, if you hare the ordinary courage and energy of a man." ' ' " I boliovo I have both." " Then burn tho church." -, , Tho firo in her radiant oyes seemed to-light up a-kind rod roy in his. Ho seized his hat, io? of cigar lights gloves, nodded to her and departed. ' , ' ' Thirty-six hours later,: and tho' ' beautiful' little old church at Eisteddfod, built by Owen. Glondowor, and famous as tho scone of tho marriage between 'Edward ol Carnarvon arid Catherine Parr, was a mass of smoulder- ing embers. Mr. Gilbert Scott, tho great ecclesiastical architect, would cat no lunch that day, ho was sc shocked, and was scarcely comforted by receiving in- structions to mako another church exactly liko the old one. ; " I have dono it,"-said tho Hon, Mr Gobowen',-ns ho ro-entercd the room nt tho Vulture, and found his wife, as we will still call hor, smoothing her lovoly hair at the glass, having just taken offhor bonnet. " Yes, I saw tho Aro," sho roplied, coolly. "You did?" " Ayo, it isn't my nature to bo idle I wont after you by the noxt train, and ascertained that you might hare spared that lovely little church, which I wish I liad sketched." " What do you mean ?" " The clergyman of Eisteddfod, his name' is tho Hov. Morgan-op-Jones, keeps tho register-books in his own houso." Mr Gobowon launched a fearful observation directed against the Welsh Clergy generally. . " That sort of language is of no use," said his wife " You should have burned the- rectory." "Of course I would, if I had known." : ' " If," rapected Carolino Gobowen, with bitter sarcasm; " Stay here: and Bmoko your cigars. It is all you aro flt for." - - ? t «* J",_ Sho put on hor bonnet os'carefully as if she!|fwas going to moet some'woman whom sho hated? áñ"dl was gone. ». .Wfwf A few days afterwards, tho Bangor Banger contained tho following paragraph : " Our fair readers cannot bo too cautious what ser- vants they ongngo. Tho Itov. Morgan-op-Jones; the res- pected minister of Eistcddford, recently engaged a nursory moid, who came to him with tho highost ttrritien character. Yesterday'sho disappeared, and tho wholo of tho registers of the church, from tho year 1397, disap- peared also. Our ono policeman, tho intelligent and respected David Williams, says ho thinks it very odd, but declines, at prosont, to say more. Should anything transpire, our readers shall hear of it next month." " Well?" said the Hon. Chirk Gobowen, on tho third day aftor, as his wife carno in, with a proud flush on her fair brow." " That is just the word," she said. "I bought soirio lead, wrapped the books in it, and dropped them down the well a t the bottom of'tho gardon; It is enid tobo .unfathomable." 'J Then the truth won't get to the bottom of the well, whore sho usually lies," said Chirk. . " Not bod for yob," said Caroline Gobowen. j " Thank you. But it is now my turn to ask whero oro your wits ? You forgot about the witnesses to tho wed- ding." " Bother, so I did," said Mrs Gobowen. " Orson is endowed with reason. Thora were Mr Jones, the olork, tho boodle, and tho pow-openor." " Le diable a quatre, said Chirk. She tapped her tiny foot-impatiently in thought. . " I could hardly escape dotootion at tho rectory," sho said; " but if you. managed tho parson, I would answbr for tho other three." "No, wo'll divido equally, like mon and wife," said Chirk. ? # ; Somothmg liko kindness beamed in her smile' for a second, but it was repressed. There was stem work be- fore thom. And they did it, that brave, highblooded young couple Tho Rev, Mr Ap-Jones, lured from his rectory by a sup- posed sinugglor who promised''tho'' clergyman a cask of I illegal brandy, if ho would fetch it from a neighbouring forest, was found, à month afterwards, at tho bottom of n coal-pit, niuo thousand foot deep, but without the brandy, Tho olork, Timothy Roberts, sjt out to Llangollen to seo I a wealthy olovonth-cousin who had sent for him to como I tb dinnor, and bo forgivon for being poor. ' This cousin's dinner ho novor ate, but tho Ashes of tho Deo ato Min' how thoy wero helped to bini, un athletic young fisher- man who had been consulting him about tho most killing tackle; might hare toldj but never'did. i ' Tho beadlo'was found- by a roadside, at o spotto which ho had gone, as relieving officer of Eisteddfod, ¡to seo a'child which a beggar womon calling at his house, requested him to como and rcmovo to tho workhouse, and in his hand was a metal cup, from a travelling flask. Tho cup had contained whiskoy, and something oleo, which tho' coroner of the county sent to Dr Alfred Taylor, but what was tho uso? Tho pow-oponor, who had boon rendered superstitious by tho number of ghosts sho° had' seen in tho old church, wos simply frightened .'to. death by n female apparition in whito, with phosphorio oyes and stniiis'of blood upon its garmont, that rushod.at her ono night in hot-own garden, and shrieked. " Who stolo tho volvot-covered hymn-book ?'? _ ? ' Tho four witnosscs'woro gono._ ' . " Wo aro not safo yot, dear," said Carolino to hor hus- band,, ns'thoy wandered by the silvor Sovorn, at its con- fluence with tho Thames, and watched the salmon leap- ing from tho sparkling pools. Th'ero was almost a ten- derness in hor voice, for she was learning to respect her husband. . " Those children toko a deal of separating," said Chirk, laughing. " Wo'vo burned o ehuroli, robbed a parson- age, and cooked the gooses of four respectable indi- viduals, aud yet' wo cannot sever tho knot. What's ¡up now?" '"" ! "Do you. not remember," she said, playfully, "or wore you too busy in looking at somobody olso, that dur- ing the coroiribny thero were two pews full of charity olutdron ?" ', " Só'thefe were. Arid any ono of those might idontify either of us. I havo always thought, with afr Gludstono that charities aro a mistake.' Confound'the'catechetical brats, Thisrpquircs "thought." j . " I hore given it thought, silly one." Eisteddfod was in some measuro. consolad' under j its misfortunes.' It was much talked about, which is [joy and delight tb a provincial placo. . Moro!'-A most benevolent stranger, attraotod by tho noise of tho catas- trophe, came and Bottled, at a cottage near tho town, arid Boomed to livoj.only to do good. Hi's dross was of .tho old school, bluo coat, brass buttons, and leather brcochbs. Ho wore a large hat, under which his beautiful whito hair fell _ voluminously on his' reverend' shoulders. Money . was no. object j ho ] roliovod tho poor, j as Bistod ' tho few clergymon, promised '' Mr Gilbert Scott six memorial windows, ' ropairod houses j for the poor, and in short was .'a Monte-Ohristo and Howard in ono. But tho childron were his < ohiof care. Ho had a large bargo built, with a cabin, and in. this be usod to treat tho oharity ohildren to delightful jaunts bn tho-ri vcr Trent, with ' buns, marmalade, and gingerbeor. Ono day, whon the wholo. school was ¡out with hiiii, he was noticed turning a lmndlo that seemed to work upon something at tho bottom of tho boat. Ten minutes later the bargo wont, down in twonty foot of . water. Thoro woro no signs of the good old man, ' but a slightly drossod and very handsome young mun was seen running along tho bank, in tho direction of a small rail- way station. Tho charity school had disappeared. '! ""And now, love," said Chirk Gobowon, looking into tho beautiful oyos of1 his wifo, -*' Wo havo donb all, and may bo calm and happy for tho rest of our lives. Now we aan arrange our separation/' ? ' ' " Yo-s, if you wish it," said Caroliuo, with something of a wistful look. " YouJon'tP" ho said, softly. j ? "Do you wish mo to Boy yoB." . ' 1 -, ' "No.1' ! ". '. And the young husband and wife woro in ono another's arms. j ' May thoy bo happy 1 Taught energy and; rosolution by early trial, taught mutual conQdonoo by tho nooossity of conjugal trust,' why should they not bo happy ? Thoy had learned to know ono another, and tho swoot evening star that shono mildly down upon their reunion seemed to them a harbinger of blossod and virtuous days to borne. -Punch's Pocket Book. ', 