THE NEWS OF THE DAX. ♦ ? The cricket match between the All-England Eleven and twenty-two players of the Balhmrat dis trict terminated yesterday afternoon, after a three days' contest, in tho victory of tho Englishmen in ono innings, with twelve runs to spare. Tho attend ance was larger thin on the preceding day, there being between 3000 and 4000 persons present during tho afternoon. At the termination of the great match, a ono innings single wicket match was arranged, Grace ana Xarrant playing eignt 01 me best men out of the Twenty- two. The two English men made twenty runs, and their eight opponents were disposed of for eleven. In an article reviewing the prospects of tho pre jent Administration, the Ballaarat Star says : — ' Tho liberal element in tho Ministry ia sufficiently strong to insnro to the democratic element in public opinion that there will be no retrogressive legisla tion, no cunningly-devised attempts to tamper with the political rights of the people, none of the hatred of a free and outspoken press likely to bo exhibited by tho attempts to make the Attorney- General of the day at once the censer and prosecutor of news paper proprietors find editors. As a tree is knonru by its frnit, so may we know by the antecedents of the men now in office, that they are incapable of tho treachery and tergiversation of their predecessors, and that, however they may fail in tho time to come to act up to the standard of public opinion, they will never earn the contempt and distrust which some of the attempts on tho part of tl» last : O'Shannssy Auministratieu have branded on the characters of a few of the most prominent men in that Administration.' Tho Council of tho Boise! of Agriculture Eat yesterday. The most valuable feature of their proceedings was their decision to offer premiums for the best samples of Afict3 nan grown wines. x(or rea m-( wine nines respectively, a first prize of £10,. and a second of i £5, ia offered ; and for the best muscatel, one prize : of £10. The wine in these cases te1 be grown and ; manufactured by the samo party. Another premium :' of £10 10s is offered for the best sample of Victo rian wine, of any character; and a second premium of £-3 5s for the second best. A preiuiisia of twenty guineas is also to be given, in 180-5, i-zv tho best sample of wine after a voyago to Europe:- For tho beat sample of prepared leaf tobacco, n prsisiuin of tenguiueas-is also offered ; utid a premium* sf £50 is to be-ofl'tred forsilk. We learn that, in all probability, Mr Eannnett, formerly traffic snperintondent of the Vitttorian Bail ways,- will shortly receive an appointment in tho same department. This gentleman's Borrice* were dispensed with through the machinations of the late secretary, Mr Nash. After several pro tracted sittings of iv board of inquiry, tho charges preferred against him were reported to be ground less ; and,- 08- ho- can»ot be restored to the same lucrative position- he formerly held, it is said to-be the intention' ofsome of his friends, on the reas sembling of Parliament, to bring his case before* the Assembly for the parpose of procuring himian adequate compensation. At the weakly meeting of the council of the Ac climatisation- Society, cm Tuesday— present, Mr Edward Wilson,. Dr. Blnck, Lieutenant-Colonel Ross, Professor M'Goy,. Ur. Madden, and Messrs James Smith,. G-i W. IlHsdcn, S. II. Bindon and. F. R. Godfrey— a letter was read from Mr G. W. Ligar, Surveyov-Genemlr stating that he had: brought from New Zealand a quantity of the rock: oyster of that colony, and that, having succeeded in bringing them here alive,, he now begged to present them to the society. A vote of thanks was passed, to Mr Ligar for his kindness, and full instructions, wero given as to-how to disj/oso of them. A letter was read from tlie Golonial Secretary of Natal, ask ing whether ho should continue his efforts to procure elands- for tho society. This letter was. ordered to bo taken into consideration at a f aturo. time. The circular which tho president had pre-1 pared for sending to the othev societies, acquainting, them with the concessions mode by the Admiralty, was read and approved of and ordered to be printed. Tho proposed dog-show- was- then discussed, und it was reeolved, ' Xhat under the first rule of the-- Acclimatisation Society, embracing the perfections of domesticated, animals, it is desirable that an. exhibition of dogs- be held, in this city, at an early: opportunity, with a- view to the recognition and im» provement of tlie various breeds ; and that a sub committee be appointed, to report upon the best means of forvrarding this object.' The secretary? reported that he was sending, per Moravian, undeu care of Captain,. Edward, fifteen Wonga pigeons to the English Acclimatisation Society; also, that six llama alpacas had boen sent to the South Park, as requested by. tho St. ICilda borough council. At tho City Court, yesterday, two little boys,, named .Robertson and Perkins, were charged witU disorderly, conduct in tho street, and breaking a pane of glass, valued, at £10, in one of tlie principal hotels in Bourlce stroot. Tho evidence of tho arrest ing constable showed that tho two young scamps,. in passing one o£i the low women who infest the streets after nightfall, .knocked her down for a freak, and then cast stones at her, when one of the missiles accidentally struck tho window. Young as they both were,..hardly twelve- yeai-3 of age, they had-.been previously sentenced for a similar offence ;; and. though their punishment had evidently failed to act as a warning, still the recollection of Peairidgo appeared to have been anything but agreeable, for they both. pleaded not to be sent there again, but rather to tho Immigzants' Home. When asked if they had any means of paying for the glass,, one of them, who acted as spokesman, replied with/ all tb.9 assurance of a gro.wn up person, that the- state cf his finances was at present very low, being employed herding cows at odd times and gathenLng rags when he had nothing else to do, as his father was away, ho knew not where, and his mother- was ah iu meio of the Hospital, but that he wouldi consent to make good the amount by instalments off a shilling cow and then, whenever lie could spaao it. The : bench sentenced them each to one month's imprison I ment in Pentridge. i A colored man named SamuelJohnson, the keeper ' of a boarding house in Bourke street west, wa3 charged, at the District Court, yesterday, by Mr ShillingUvr, Government Shipping, Master, with as sisting a seaman, named Peter Angu3, to obtain a berth on board a vessel, by furnishing him with a. false certificate of discharge from another vessel. Mr V. Stephen appeared for the defence. Angus deposed that he arrived in town from tho conntay on Thursday last, and, happening to Bee the dofem dant, whom he had known before, he agreed. to. stay at Iris houso. Being anxious to ship with cao of tho coasters trading from this port, ho tried stoveral days afterwards to obtain a berth on board tho Felix, brig, but was informed by the captain tltat unless ho produced his certificate of discharge '-lie. could not be engaged. Thq defendant, hearing of this, remarked that ho had severnl old certificates in tho house, and could supply him with one. This offer was accordingly accepted, and, provided with tho dosumont, which was in tho name of ona, M'Nab, ho made Iris way to tho shipping office on Tuesday last, and signed artiule3 for the Commo dore Perry, beund for Otage. But, iu reading the certificate, it appeared ho mistook tho nonio M'Nab for M'Ncil, and when ho signed that name the suspi cions of tho shipping master were aroused, nnd the fraud was ultimately discovered, when he was taken into custody. On being cross- examined, Angus ex plained, as tho reason why ho did not ship on board tho Felix, that the defendant told him to ship in the Commodore Perry, as the captain was about en gaging seamen for Ii65\ For the defenco, it was urged that as the dofendant was not going to derive) any benefit pecuniary or otherwise, through Angus ' .? -obtaining a berth on board the vessel, ho could not therefore bo made amenable. A young woman, s servant in tho defendant's house, also attempted to show that Angus osked for the certificate as one he had previously left when ho went up the country, .bat, eome of her statements being very inconsistent, the bench considered her evidence as altogether un reliable. Mr F. Stephen having then addressed tho bench for thfl defence, Mr Hackett remarked that, aa tho charge was of a very important naturo and in volved a heavy fine or imprisonment, ho would re mand the ease until the following day for conside ratioB. a The Church of England Assembly was yesterday occupied in considering the schemo of distribution \- of the general fund, proposed by tho Vicar-General in council. This fund is estimated at £3000 for the year, and it was variously appropriated in com mittee of the whole nssombly. Tho question of the validity of the return of soveral lay representatives was also raised, and elicited some discussion. The matter was, however, ultimately referred to tho olcc tion committee. The superintendent of tho Immigrants' Home, Prince's Bridge, desires to acknowledge the receipt of two cases of straw bonnets — a donation from Messrs Win. Watson and Sons, of Littlo Collins atrcct. The public of Mclbourno are promised a sight of the genuino Pepper ghost after all. All wo have seen hitherto have been imitations, not produced exactly in the sarao way as tho spectre of tho Pro fessor was produced. Sj at least vro are given to understand, and tho spectrum, for whoso nightly appearanco arrangomonts are being now made in tlie Princess's Theatre is, we aro assured, tho bona fide article, originated by means of tho Professor's own adjustment of the apparatus. Last evening a trial exhibition was made in the pcesence of a few privileged spectators, specially invited, and the effect, though of the samo kind as thoso heretofore attempted, was certainly superior. The image sup posed to be ghostly appeared more distinctly defined and in more luminous and palpable relief than any of its predecessors. Though equally un substantial, it more closely simulates reality, and ? altogether tho illusion is moro striking and com plete. Tho right of exhibition i3 held by Mr Cos ford, who has recently arrived in tho colony, aud who is authorised, we believe by tho inventor himself, to produce his ghosts as they have been and still .are produced in London nnd elsewhere. The annual meeting of tho Church of England Sunday School Institute was held last evening in the Mechanic.1)' Institute, Collins streot. Tho at tendance was very limited, there being not more than thirty persons present. The Very Rev. tho Deen of Melbourne occupied tho chair and after opening the proceedings with prayer, briefly cora^ . mentod upon the objects and prospects of the insti tute. Tho annual report was then read and adopted. It set fovth that by far the most satisfactory feature in the progress of tho institute was in tho increasing usefulness of the book depot. The increase of business in that department had been most gratify ing, tho sales having amounted to £G84 10s -Id, which exceeded, by £97 16s 7d, the aggregate salos of tho last three years. Sunday schools in all parts of the diocese had also availed themselves of the advantage offered by tho institute in the supply of those mate rials necessary for their efficient working, as during the past year there had been purchased 1993 church services, and prayer books, &c.; ; 588 book* worth Is each aud upwards ; 7733 books of Io3s valuo, and 19,201 tracts and other Sunday school material. Tho remittances to England during tho past yoar had been £651 ICa 4d, nearly £200 more than tho previous year, and several times as much as that of the year before. Subscriptions had, however, terribly fallen off, as during Oio year they had only amounted ia £17 Is as against £-19 7s collected during the first year of the existence of the institute. With a view, however, to increase the number of subscribers, the report further showed that tho com mittoe had resolved to allow a discount of 2d per shilling's worth of books, &c;, purchased, to all subscribers of 5s annually and subscribing schools of JB1 annually. According to the financial state ment, it appeared that the receipts had been £738 15s lOd ; tho balance in hand from 1862 being £23 13s -Id, and that from 1863 £24 I9s. Tho balance of capital to tho credit of tho institute was shown to be £194 15s 8d. Sovoral clergymen present having addressed tho meeting, tho office-bearers for the en smug yoar wore appointed, and the proceedings then terminated. At the annual meeting of tho Medical Society of Victoria, which was held in the board room of the Hospital, yesterday evening, Dr Gillbeo, the retiring president, occupied tho chair, and read an elaborato address, reviewing the business of the past year, for which ho received tho thanks of tho meeting. The treasurer's statement showed that, including £36 12s in hand at tho commencement of last year, the re ceipts for tho year from entranco fees and annual subscriptions from twelvo new aud forty old mem bers amounted to £103 Gs Gd, and the expenditure to £52 7a 8d, leaving a balance of £50 ISs 8d to the credit of the society. Dr. D. J. Thomas was elected president for the ensuing year, Dr. Martin and Dr. Cutts vice-presidents, Mr Fotherstoue hon. trea surer, Dr. Blair hon. socretary, Mr Noild hon. libra rian, and Dr. Graham, Mr Lloyd, Mr Campbell, and Dr. Liliuufold mombors of committees, the latter being elected in tho room of Mr Thomson, who declined to act. The meeting then took up the consideration of tho report of the snb-cominittee appointed to consider tho curricula for students of medicine at the Melbourne Univer sity, aud adopted tho remonstrance submitted by tho committee. A deputation was appointed to lay the remonstrance before the Council of the University. In tho courso of the proceedings the second volume of Dr. Mueller's work on tho Flora of Australia, and D.1.- Bird's work on the Climate of Australia, were laid on the table, and tho thanks of the society were ordered to bo communicated to the authors for their valuable presents. Mr Bushell As very successful iu his round of snbnrbau entertainments. On Tuesday ho had a very geod audience at the Town Hall, Prahran ; and last night ho was similarly favored at Brighton. This evening ho will exhibit his electrical and electro-biological experiments at Emerald Hill. Mb GnonoE Parr. — Wo are glad to state that this celebrated crickoter, who, since Friday last, has been confined to his bod at the Metropolitan Hotol, suffering from orysipelas in tho head and feet, is re covering, and wo hope will soon again be able to join his comrades in tho cricket field. — JJeitd'go Advertiser, January 13. Tnu Working Man on Bendigo. — Tho police magistrate, in a case bofore tho bench yesterday, stated that latterly, what between contractors and sub-contractors on railways and roads, and mining managers . registered and unregistered, the laboring man on Bendigo had his hard earnings pilfered and cheated from him to an almost incredible Hinouut. nis court was constantly beset by la boring men suing for thoir wages, whoso sim plicity and ignorance were attempted to bo taken advantage of by their employers ; but ho would take care that, so long as ho sat on 'tho boncb, the laboriug man should bo protected from tho quibbling of dishonest men. — Bendigo Advertiser, January 13. Oun Chinese Gardeners. — TIiq i valno of our Chinese gardeners tu the people of this township must be admitted by every unprejudiced person. '. Bat for tho Coloslials, the majority of tho inhubi ' tants would seldom onjoy the luxury of vegetables for the table. The Ohiueso hawkers, however, make their rounds rogulutly, and supply customers at a lower rate than any-other dealers would. Owing to the sites choson by the Chlnoso for market gar dens — usnally low and sheltered areas near a creek — these industrious, skilful cultivators of the soil, are enabled to grow various esculents, long after Europeans. Till Ike council shall provide us with a market, we shall always be mainly dependent apon itinerant vendors for our supplies of voge tiblea.—iDqylesford Express, January 13. 