NEGRO CONUNDRUMS. "See here, Gumbo, why am )'ou like a blackguard ?" " Nebber guess dat in de worl, coz I ain't, you black fool."' "You is, honey, coz you watches Master Jim's store—and rou's not a beiry white guard, dat's sartin ! Yah, ha, ha !" " Now, Pete, dat am berry surprising and comblustificating to calculate—but, nigger, why is you like a gentle'm ? Dah, dat stump him!" " Bress my soul, Gumbo, I never tink ob dat—gibs her up;" " Yah, yah ! so does I, sensible as I is— been tinkin' of it free days, and am furder off dan I was at de start!" POPPING THE QUESTION.—One evenin' as I was a sittin' by Hetty, and had worked myself up to the sticking pint, sez I, " Hetty, if a teller was to ask you to marry him, what wud you say ?" Then she laughed, and sez she, " That would depend on who asked me." Then sez I, " Suppose it was Ned Willis ?" Sez she, " I'd tell Ned Willis, but not you." That kinder staggered me; but I was too cute to lose the opportunity, and so sez I agen, " Suppose it was me 7" And then you OTteT see her pout up her lip, and sez sbe, •' I dont take no supposes." Well now, you 6ee there was notbin' for me to do but touch the gun off. So bang it went. Sez I, " Lor, Hetty, it's me. Won't you say yes ?" And then there was such a hullaballoo in my head, I don't know 'xactfy what tuk place, but I thought I heerd a yes whisperin' somewhere out of the skirmish. The hatred of those wbo are the most nearly connected is the most inveterate. Were there but one virtuous man, be would hold up his head with confidence and honor; he would shame the world, and not the world him. Never listen to an infamous ston T handed you by a person who is known to he an enemy to the person he is defaming. The following story of " twelve gentlemen of the jury" who sat upon the case of a man found dead in a sand-pit, surpasses, in the stupid fatuity of the jurors, anything we have ever heard :—" They first returned a verdict of manslaughter. The coroner recapitulated the testimony adduced, and sent them back. They re-entered the court with • We find that the deceased was still-born.' For a third time they were dismissed, with Lord Campbell's well-known formula, ' Gentlemen, you will retire to consider of your verdict—this man was found dead in a sand-pit." So they m avoided technicalities, and came soundly to the conclusion, * that the said Robert Trelawney is dead, and died of sand!'" A henpecked .husband writes:—" Before marriage, I fancied wedded life would be all sunshine; but afterwards I found out that it was all moonshine." Those who incline- to believe in ghosts should consider the - impossibility of there being such things as the immortal spirits of coats, bats, shoes and walking-sticks. Treat the ,butcher with respect; be is a being of flesh and blood. Tell not your secrets in a corn- field; it has thousands-of ears. Let some ingenious quibbler explain how a letter written by an officer can be called a private letter. What is everybody doing at the same time ? —Growing older. A poor fellow who pawned his watch says that ue raised money with a lever. . A young 1 lady, walking with a gentleman, stumbled, and when her companion, to prevent Iter fall, grasped her hand somewhat tightly, " Oh, air "-she simpered, " if it comes to that) you must ask my papa." Douglas Jerrola said of Australia—"It is a land so-fat . that'if you tickle it with a straw, it laughs.jritha harvest." MaryDid: «you call, Mum?"—Lady: " Yes, Mary! I thought I told you not to wear your hoop • before yon had- done your, rooms, because you broke the jugs and basins with it J"—Jilary: ", Oh, Mum! You seethe sweeps were coming this morning, and, really, I could not think of opening the door to them such afgger as I should ha' been without • my crinolined" A man winds.up his clock to make it run, and his businesB-to make is stop. A recent popular writer says that woman '.' should "be "won by degrees.". Certainly— win her ears «nd - eyes, then her heart, then ber lips, '.and. then "her hand.. A medical student wishes to know if joung ladies roth's mania for " shopping," but with no porticular^predilection for buying, oay not : properly be considered counter- irritants! Some:^«ne "»d«Bea -Alex. -Lo^an, a witty •;>• Bcotch advocate^ la read ia hombastic book on s - a good- isnbject,- 8aying, " Don't you like -to lexpataate intfcat field V when he replied, " I \- cannot ^et over the style." 1 \--Juvgnile, Swell s," Oh! how delightful it Si^mmStibetoixi a dogj"—Young Lady (who isnureing :^®lier'" , pet* , "'canine): "Never mind, <3ha3ie, 1^'ou;tBVe e ishancfi to grow/' .. , "JRjat-iOn jrarj&.-aini I iodo *riih that ini«6nigib1p $on' of mineT' inquired an anxious in -a suit; of " — ~ ^" liras #te. reply,—" Why, itwould lhat be ?" deman- ^^^SBeriDg parent.^" Jt *ivonld,- at j m P l M i seiiouB jwW?'• "V t w R g S ^ i -if' r 