SIR FRANCIS HEAD UPON THE AMERICAN WAR. The following interesting letter was ad- dressed to the Editor of the London Standard :- SIR,-Will you be pleased to permit me in your columns to endeavor to domonstrate that notwithstanding the severe distress, espe- cially in Lancashire, produced by fratricidal war in the dis-United States of America, the sum total of its results leaves England in- debted to the Almighty Ruler of the Univorse for a balance of advantages, external and in- ternal, as follows :- 1\. External.-No one has more clearly shown than yourself that up to the period of the secession of the Confederates the illumi- nated " destiny'' of the people of the United States, as portrayed by themselves, was, un- der their Washington doctrine, to maintain everything on the continent of North America that belongs to them; under their Munroe doctrine, to annex everything on it that does not belong to them ; and lastly, sooner rather than later, single- handed, or, if opportunity should fortunately offer, in combination with France, Russia, or any other European state or states, to annihilate the public credit, wealth, power, and monarchy of England, of whoso good name and honest commercial conduct they ever have been and still are acutely jealous. If any one of our loading statesmen should feel disposed to gainsay thia latter statement let him refer to the capitulation respecting boundaries, territories, fisheries, apologies, &c.;, which he himself shared in directing, solely to avoid the sin and calamity of a hideous war, the dimensions of which he was then utterly unable to measure. The follow- ing figures, however, of which he was ignorant, but which are now before us, divulge the amount of latent power which the United States possessed to injure Eng- land. It appears from information lately pub- lished from unquestionable "authority," that the Govoenment of the Federal States only, for the support of a contest not so popular or so obstinate as would have been a war to exterminate the monarchy of England, in loss than three years, have raised in paper money £560,000,000 sterling ; in men, ex- elusive of 300,000 now levying, 1,500,000, of whom from the single State of New York have been required 330,921. Supposing the Confederate States to have levied only two-thirds of the elements of war raised by their discomfited invaders, it is but too evident that in 1860 the thirty-four United States had not only the will, but the power, to have afflicted England with the cost of contending against a hostile expendi- ture, in three years, of In men .. .. 3,000,000 In money .. .. £933,333,332 exclusive of war losses caused to the Federal and Confederate States by the destruction of ships, railroads, public and private buildings, cannon. ammunition, provisions, cattle, crops, cotton, commerce, &c;, amounting in value to several hundred millions. Now, is it not appalling to reflect that, by no precautions of our own, but, on the con- trary, by evnts which in our ignorance we have presumed to designate a calamity, and which, in our shortsightedness, had we been able, we would have done all in our power to prevent, it has pleased Almighty God that between 1860 and 1864 the greatest Babel on earth, the Republican States of North America, against our will and against our wishes, have undergone an operation, inflicted upon themselves by their own hands, which has rendered England safe for ever from that imminent impending danger which during so many years her guardian statesmen have been able only from day to day to procrasti- nate rather than avert? For although at the late Mansion-house banquet Lord Palmerston made known to us that, in spite of all his efforts to maintain neutrality, the government of the Federal States, under a ruling passion strong in death, were even at this moment of their dissolution ejaculating "menaces" of war against Eng- land ; and although at the several Courts of Europe American Ambassadors like those " Grecian ghosts That in battle were slain, and unburied remain Inglorious on the plain," still claim to represent victorious Confederate regions over which they really have no more jurisdiction than they have over the moon, yet the present harmless condition, as regards England, of the dis-United States may shortly be shown, as follows :- In the markets of Europe the Federal States cannot at this moment borrow a shilling. In their own country, paralysed by univer- sal suffrage, they have not power to organise machinery competent to enable them by general taxation permanently to pay a shil- ling of an enormous debt, increasing at the rate of more than £500,000 per day, not raised from, but by an opposite sort of Jupiter-and- Danae process, showered down by Mr Chase upon his Columbia in greenbacks, which, of course, as Mr. Seward boasts, are, during their descent, enriching the community. To recruit their army, "one-half of which" Governor Seymour has lately declared "has wasted away every year," no means are left but enormous bounties to raise foreign mer- cenaries, backed by a conscription which the people in all directions are combining to resist. With the ingenuity evinced by bees in the construction of their hives, or by beavers in the formation of their dams, their generals, by M'Neiling prisoners, Butlerising ladies, and by other acts unknown in the vocabulary of civilised warfare, have rendered utterly im- practicable the Union which by violence they had attempted to consummate. Upon that reunion, however, as upon a quicksand, rests their theory that the Federal debt is wholly, or at all events largely, to be liquidated by the subjugated South. The instant that frantic delusion vanishes, the re- pudiation. especially by the western rgions, of this alleged debt of the thirty-four States, must not only burst the Federal bond which attempted, against their will, to encircle thm all, but hundreds of millions of worth- less greenbacks ; demonstrating the truth of Adam Smith's homely dictum,, "that a man who borrows to spend will soon be ruined " will for ages to come leave the Federal State's like the fast disunited provinces of Rio de la Plata in South America, with inclination to quarrel with, and sans credit-with power to wage war against no one but each other. In the Southern States, which have always entertained reverential attachment towards the English monarchy, there is reason to hope that so soon as they shall have gloriously succeeded in repelling their in- vaders, there will crop out, as in Mexico, th head of an emperor. 2\. Internal.-The North American repub- lic's apparent success (a considerable portion of which has really been created by the re- dundant capital and population of the old monarchies of Europe) engendered through- ont England opinions openly expressed which but for the recent interposition of Pro- vidence must inevitably have subverted the English monarchy. Indeed, so undisguised were those opinions, that even the represent- ative of our Colonial Office did not hesitate before a committee of the House of Commons' on behalf our colonies, to declare- "The right of rejecting European domi- nion has been so often asserted in North and South America that revolt can scarcely be esteemed in those continents as criminal or disgraceful. Neither does it appear to me that the sense of national pride and import- ance is in your favor. It cannot be regarded as an enviable distinction to remain the oniy dependent portion of the New World." A subsequent Colonial Minister, now the noble Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, in the House of Commons twice described the North American republic as "that mighty union in which for eighty years liberty had been established." This lovely American goddess, however, " in flower of youth and beauty's pride," all of a sudden turned hideous. Her Roman nose fell off ; her eyes became blind to danger ; her ears proved deaf to reason ; her muscles and flesh, inside and out, became corrupt. In short, in three brief years every one of her charms-cheap government, an overflowing exchequer, no standing army, no oppressive national debt, liberty of speech, freedom of the Press, trial by jury, the right of habeas corpus, free loco- motion, no press-gangs and no passports-all vanished ; and in their stead there appeared, "bestriding the great Western world like a Colossus," grim Despotism, creating, by fire and sword, death, mutilation, devastation, desolation, degradation, dissolution, and bank- ruptcy. Greatly to their credit our leading ''Re- formers" at once came forward manfully to acknowledge that they had been deceived. " In the ardour of enthusiasm of my youth," exclaimed Mr. Roebuck to his constituents at Sheffield, " I had looked upon the wondrous fabric which had been raised by tha great heroes of the American Revolution as a won- drous effort of human skill-as a millennium of mankind. I have lived to see that all shattered-split asunder-America divided into two, and I think likely to be divided into five, and for ever ceasing to be the United States. My first feeling was of grief; my present feeling one of rejoicing. I say an irresponsible people, possessed of irre- sponsible and almost omnipotent power, is a people that cannot be trusted." In a beautiful letter, published in the New York papers, addressed by the late Mr. Ed- ward Ellice MP., only the day before his death, to Mr. Thurlow Weed, he quaintly re- marked :-" See how your antagonistic in- stitutions, your central power and state power, both dependent on the precarious vote of universal suffrage, are checkmat- ing one another. The central power, at the end of voluntary resources, makes a convulsive effort to recruit its ex- hausted armies by conscription. It is obliged to divert the military force, so much required in other quarters, to compel obedience to its decrees. The unwilling populace submit to force, and turn round and compel their repre- sentatives, elected by universal suffrage, to tax the rich, to protect them in another way from the conscription," But the most remarkable instance of recan- tation remains to be recorded. The indivi- dual who, when Secretary of State for our colonies, more strenuously than any one drove them onwards to a republic, boldly ordering in his celabrated despatch, as a new principle, the dismissal from office of any public servant of the crown, however high might be his station, who should oppose his policy, on the breaking up of his American idol, saw so clearly the advantages of monarchy that, leaving the floor of that House in which, as commander-in-chief of the Reformers, his lifelong sentiments had been expressed, he suddenly appeared in " another place," not like his honest col- league, the hon. member for Sheffield, in the hair-shirt of repentance, but with a bran-new coronet on his head, a beautiful riband round his neck, a brilliant star on his breast, an embroidered garter below his knee, a large salary, with vast power and patronage. Adorned with those trappings of monarchy- honi soit qui mal y pense-he also in a speech addressed by him at Blairgowrie, to Baillie Steven and the tenantry of his Meikleour es- tate, expounded rather than explained his altered principles; and although his transfor- mation was certainly rather more, apparent than his reformation, and, like the peacock, his plumage more beautiful than his voice, yet he frankly ended by confessing that he now " did not know that there is any great difference between the principles of Lord Palmerston and Lord Derby," and that as re- gards the progress of " reform," he could not help joining in what now seems to be the fooling of the country, namely, a desire to " rest and be thankful." Having now endeavored to show with how much reason the British people may, at the commencement of this new year, join to- gether in solemn thanksgiving for the se- curity, external and internal, resulting from a civil war in America, which the Federal States have sternly forbidden them by friendly mediation to alleviate, I will, in con- - clusion, only ask your permission to express my hope that in that sanguinary contest, Lord Palmerston and his colleagues will per- severe in rigidly abstaining from the fatal error of interference ; leaving thirty millions of brave, energetic, uncontrollable people, in- habiting almost the noblest regions of the New World, to the judgment and sentence of that Wise, Beneficent, Superintending power, at whose command nations and empires rise and fall, flourish and decay.-I am sir, your obedient servant, F. B. Head. Croydon, January 13, 1864. VOLTAIRE had a perfect horror of inquisi- tive persons. He said to one of these per- sons, " Sir, I am delighted to see you; but I givo you fair warning-I know nothing about, what you are going to ask me." WHEN General Lee was a prisoner at Albany, he dined with an Irishman. Before entering upon the wine, the General remarked to his host, that, after drinking, he was apt to abuse Irishmen, far which he hoped the host would excuse him in advance. By my soul, General, I will do that, said his host, if you will excuse a trifling fault which I have myself. It is this: whenever I hear a man abuse ould Ireland, I have a sad fault of cracking his sconce with my shillaly ! The General was civil during the whole evening. A SCHOOLMISTRESS had among her scholars one incorrigible little miss upon whom moral suasion seemed to have no effect. On day, out of all patience with some misdemeanour on her part, she called her up to the desk and expostulated with her on the impropriety of her conduct, setting forth the enormity of her offence, &c.; The young girl paid little attention at first, but at length seemed to realise her guilt more fully, and watching her teacher closely, seemed to drink in every word she said. The lady began to hope ; her instructions were evidently making an im- pression. At length she made a slight pause -for breath, I suppose-when she spoke the child, with eyes fixed upon her governess, and with the utmost, gravity, said-Wby, Miss Jones, your upper jaw don't move a bit ! That was the end of the discourse. 