SERMONS. FFrom the Cornhill Magazine.'] me preaener— ne is usually young— mounts ine pulpit, every hair in every curl, and every motion of hands or eyes being arranged with a view to effect. He then begins, gets through the hymns, the grand achievement - the sermon, it has a text certainly, and he delivers it with energy; theu bursts into a continuous stream of language. Mere language-nothing more; a farrago of similes, epithets, adjectives, quasi- soHloquies, and scenery pictures (oh, what daubs they are!) heaped together in unconnected confusion; sentence alter sentence threaded on, bearing not the slightest relation to each other or to the text. And often, though headed with a text, it is scarcely a religious discourse at all, but a string of sentimental non sense, into which is dragged, for illustration or embellishment, every conceivable subject in art. lttenttu e, or science with which the young man is acquainted. At last he stops, wipes bis damp brow, aud sits down, congratulating himself, and deluding a portion of his hearers, that he ha3 preached a very ' powerful' sermon. Anil by a scries of such he will very likely 'lead captive silly women,' and become for the time a popular preacher. ' At the opposite pole of inefficiency is the sort of clergyman whom one continually finds in English country parishes, where he has been located by hereditary influence as the squire's younger brother, son, or nephew; or has settled down into the Church because he was not considered clever enough for any other profesison. In the Presby terian and most other forms of unliturgical worship a man must possess a certain amount of original talent; but in the Church of Kugland talent is not indispensable. Education is, and cor responding refinement. You will rarely find the poorest curate, or the richest and dul at rector, who is not, in degree, a gentleman: but a gentle man is tint npoessarilv a clever man. and eertainlv not a clever preacher; nay, sometimes quite the contrary. You may get interested in Jack the blacksmith with his wild, uncouth bursts of passionate piety, in which, like all intensely earnest things, there is something pathetic, something that at times rises almost into poetry. But in the Reverend Blank Blank, with his Oxford or Cambridge learning, his. unblemished John sonian English, and his grave, decorous, and wholly unobjectionable delivery, you never get in terested at all. You can but sit in passive patience listening to those yaiud periods which compose a moral essay as mild and commonplace us the school theme of a lad of 12 Yet he writes such week after week as a duty and a necessity, and his congregation listen to them with the same feeling. 'He is not much of a preacher to be sure,' but then he is such a worthy man in his parish -a real pastor, as, God bless them! most of the English countiv clenrv are. only— would that he were a silent shepherd ! Oce would respect him exceed ingly could lie only be persuaded to confine him self to the district and the reading-desk, aud never mount the pulpit more. But there is a class of preachers more trying even than he, for they do not leave us at peace in that lowest deep of ' the intense inane, where even the tenderest conscience is satisfied that to listen is impossible, and we take refuge in blissful repose, or in thinking about something else. In these other sermons there is a degree of pretension and even accomplishment. They rise to the level of mild mediocrity. They are written well and scholarly, and delivered with that quiet gentle manly elocution, which, in strong contrast to the Scotch and Irish habit of thundering and cushion thumping, is the especial characteristic of the English clergy. As to matter, there*!s, without doubt, a certain substance in the discourse, a degree of steady connectedness and logical induc tion; only, unfortunately, all the premises are taken for granted, and all the arguments we think we have somehow heard before. The whole sermon is, in fact, not so much an elucidation as an expansion of the text; or thete is a familiar fragment of Bible story, reproduced with amplifi cations innumerable, imaginary convetsauous, soliloquies, and descriptions, until the anecdote or parable is diluted from its original Saxon brevity— touching and beautiful— into a long-winded history of which everybody knows beginning, middle, and end, moral included, which is tacked on to the end of it with remorseless accuracy, and often with exaggerated applications for which the original text has~not the slightest warrant But the good man must say something-and he says it; though at the close we cannot but think he has left luV sub ject precisely where he found it. He bad much better have read in his impressive sonorous voice the chapter or parable, and closed the book. These really extempore preachers, different from the pseudo-extempore Scotch preachers before described, are usually Irish. Who except an Irishman possesses that wondrous 'gift of the Bib,' that frothy facility of speech, and that unfailing confidence in the same, which enables him to stand up in a pulpit, armed only with a pocket Bible, and pour forth by the hour a stream of disconnected rubbish clever rubbish it may be— gilded and tiligreed over with apt illustrations, picturesque phraseology, and passionate declamatory devotion, but still devoid of substance, purpose, or argument ; a sermon, in short, which, though it may interest for the moment, contains not an atom of truth which the hearer can take hold of, or carry away with him! No doubt it soun!ed very fine at the time; but when he comes to think it over, he cannot in the least remember what it was about-can recall at b :-st but a few stray passages, or a brilliant thought, brilliantly expres.=ed, sticking in a heap of ver biage, like a fire-fly in a negro's hair. But the very lowest of all sermons are 'sensa- tional' sermons. . . ? Many of us know such; men whom we go to hear and are much enter tained by, but, somehow, come away with the involuntary feeling that they have mistak. n their vocation, anil that their proper place ought to have been before the footlights instead of under the ecclesiastical chandelier. And when, in addition, they are not merely actors, but clap-up actors, using all the lower emotions and passions of men as instruments to produce an effect, stirring up hatred not only against heresy, but heretics ; taking advantage of that eager craving for the terrible— the same which makes children scream with awful delight in ghost-stories -to treat grown children with vivid pictures of hell, and threatening!* of the near approaching day of judgment; when they use all these elements of excitement to effect one grand purpose-their own glorification— do they not deserve the strongest condemnation that tongue or pen can give! Ay, though crowds may fill their churches, exactly as they would the pit of the theatre, aud with the same purpose; though there may be power, passion, and even genius, in these discourses ; still, it is the misuse of power, the pretence of passion, the prostitution of genius. Worse than all, it teaches men to substitute ex citement for devout impressions, showy talent for earnestness, and the tickling of the ears for the solemn instruction in righteousness which is an essential part of the service of God And now let us consider for a moment what a sermon ought to be. In its highest sense, a mes sage—the 'glad tidings of good things'— delivered by a man who believes, in all devout humility, that his utmost honour » to be such a messenger; who in his noblest inspiration never forgets that he js only a messenger, the mouth-piece of the Dime Spirit, by whom, as in his consecration vow he believed and declared himself, he is called to be a chosen priest, and yet a minister. Yes, whether Episcopalian, Presbyterian, or dissenting Noncon formist, still a mere minister— elected to teach the laity, that is, those who are more ignorant than he is himself, what he can, and as much as he can. of Divine truth. If he cannot, and knows he cannot, mav Heaven have mercv UDon him! for. like Ananias, he has 'lied not uato men, but unto God.' So much for the high ideal of what a sermon is or ought to be. Beneath this there are its com monplace practical necessities. A sermon should be, as its name implies, a discourse— like any other discourse on a secular subject; and from ii should be exacted the same requirements. It should have one clear idea lunning through it— all the better if only one— of which its text should be the exponent and illustra tion ; not, as is often supposed the sermon being the illustration of the text. There is no commoner or more fatal mistake than choosing an accidental isolated verse, or clause in verse, and building upon it a whole superstructure of theological fantasy— useless and baseless— and which, to any clear mind, qu carefully examining text and con text, is seen immediately to crumble into dust. A good preventive of this error, and an admirable means of elucidating dark passages of Scripture, is the form of preaching called 'exposition,'' namely, the reading of a chapter and expounding it verse by verse— a practice used and commended by the early Christians, and which might advantageously be adopted in many imlpits now. That the sermon to be worth anything must be the outpouring of the preacher's honest heart to the hearts of the congregation no one will deny; and this is the reason why earnestness, however blended with coarseness, narrowness, and shallow ness of argument, will always have a certain power over certain— nay, over all— audiences. It is their earnestness and not their rant, the true thing in them and not the false, which is the secret of the great influence of our Spurgeons, and Cummings, and Outlines; as it was of that of the Whitefields and Wesleys of the past generation. The first requisite, therefore, of a sermon is ear nestness; that the congregation should feel withnut one doubt that the preacher means exactly what he says, ami teaches what he himself entirely oeueves. jxext to mat, his discourse should have completeness. It should be a perfect whole, well fitted in all its parts; everj' one of which has been carefully thought out and clearly arranged Not perhaps in hydra 'heads' to 'sixteenthly;' but atill artistically put together, in fair logical sequence. Whatever opinion he holds -whatever doctrine he preaches— he should have the faculty of clearly expressing it, clothing ic in a plain form of lucid language, so that no hearer can possibly mistake his meaning, but, whether agreeing or differing, maybe able to carry away a distinct impression of the discourse— sound matter conveyed in sound words. Thrn as to the manner. To any deeply religious mind one fact is self-evident, as true as that the real Church is neither high, low, nor broad. Presbyterian nor Episcopalian. Catholic nor Pro testant, Established nor Nonconformist, but the spiritual Church of Chri-sr. known to Him alone. The highest form of a sermon is not oratory. If the message be anything it is a Divine message. No flowers of rhetoric can exalt, and may igno miniouslv degrade it. Intellectual dignity of style it should have; neither common colloquialisms, nor slipshod expression, but a certain solemn musical flow which springs naturally out of the high beauty of the subject. Tint, and no more. The siniplest sentences, terse and succinct-the fewest illustrations, the most careful avoidance of all claptrap appeals to the sentiment, fancy, or emotion of the audience; in fact, a style pure, noble, and severe as tlioso discourses which are chronicled in Holy Writ— this is the perfection of a sermon. 