OUR LONDON LETTER. Way 26. The news from America, possesses unusual interest. The spring campaign has begun iu real earnest, and from the great battles which have already taken place, it would seem that General Lee has at leugth found his match. Grant, " the silent," the conqueror of Vicksb'irg, and the General who has perhaps said least and doue most since the war began, has done more with the Federal troops than any of his predecessors. His object ia the campaign, he has declared to be the capture of Richmond. Towards that city two considerable armies besides that uuder General Grant are marching. One, under the renowned or notorious Butler, is making its way towards Richmond by the James River. But the chief interest centers around Grant and Lee. " No vulgar man, says the' Telegraph,' a paper strong in its Confederate sympathies, no mere idol of the hour, is this Ulysses Grant, who by sheer hard work and honest fighting has raised himself from a positiou of obscurity to one of almost unlimited command—who has, if some reports concerning him be true, achieved that rarest of all victories, a mastery over himself and his desires—and who, a virtue not often possessed by tlie military celebrities of the United States, is still modest and unassuming. Repeatedly during the course of the war have we acknowledged his sterling qualities; and at the close of the protracted series of operations which led to the capture of Yicksburg we pointed out that his official report, by its modest, truthful, and dignified tone, afforded a marked contrast to the majority of Yankee despatches. Nor has lie yet iu any way compromised the reputation which he worthily earned, alike by honourable service in the field and by exemplary civic conduct. A man of merely ordinary calibre would scarcely have dared to accept the glorious but terrible responsibility which Grant lias quietly taken upon himself, as became a good soldier who wa9 bound to fear 110 peril, either material or moral, iu his country's canse. He was prudent as well as bold; the mere splendour of the office did not seduce him; and only on his own terms, which were wise and well-considered would he consent to assume supreme command, He would submit to 110 dictation from the amateur Aulic counsellors of Washington; holding himself responsible for the issue of the campaign, he would not allow it to be prejudiced by any undue publicity being given to his plaus; he kept his own counsel, allowed the gossips to talk as they liked, and at length, strongiu the confi-1 dence of his troops, aud with the whole enthusiasm of the North to back hiin, he set forth upon the great march from which ho had determined never to return except in triumph. " Nor can it be denied that already he has done much. Pushing doggedly onwards, with the fierce resolution of a man who is intensely in earnest, he has fought his way, inch by inch, into the very heart of Virginia; and a victory, so close is now his anny to Richmond, would probably place that capital in his hands. It is impossible to read the account of his operations without seeing that they are those of a leader who possesses daring and capacity not altogether incommensurate to the mighty task that lies before him. 'On to Richmond !' which has so often been simply the vainglorious cry of Northern braggarts, is with this stem and valiaut captain something more; it means something not to be merely talked about, but to be done ; and if the whole strength of the North, entrusted to strong and capable hands, can do it, that purpose will yet be achieved. The man must be blind to facts who does not see that for this one supremo and decisive effort the Federals have concentrated .ill their immense resources. From every quarter reinforcement! have been trooping to his camp ; aud it is possible enough that some of the Southern successes at other points of the fighting line have been due to the very circumstances that Grant, fixing his mill 1 upon the one great object, Ins uot hesitated to weaken the Northern armies in cert iiu districts, so that he might thereby secure an absolutely overwhelming force for the chief struggle. That ho has inspired his men with a determined courage, kindred to his own, may be seen from the brief story of the campaign. Never have soldiers behaved more gallantly than these last levies of the North. Of sluggishness, halfheartedness, indecision, their leader was absolutely intolerant; to the men who pleaded that their term of service had expired, and that they wished to quit the field, he grimly answered that if they left the ranks, legally o: illegally, he would shoot them down like dogs." Under such a leader the Federals have commenced their Spring campaign, and it is hardly to be woudered at that their success has so far been as great as the most sauguine could anticipate. During the five days' hard fighting, which have already taken place, Grant wis two or throe times repulsed, but the discipline of the troops and their reliance on their leader made them rally ag»in and has at length made them victorious. Grant's object is to reach Richmond, and he is now several miics nearer that city thau ever Federal army has been before. Repulsed one day, he offered battle the next, and iu spite of tremendous losses, pushed his euemy harder and harder, uutil he compelled him to retreat Were it not that Grant's skill in the disposition of his troops has show him to be a tactician, one might say that his chief and only aim seems to be to crush Lee by dint of sheer strength and well disciplined numbers. Against his centre and against both the right and left wings, Lee was successively victorious; but in spite of every advantage gained in the first four days' fighting, Grant had advanced nearer towards Richmond and compelled Lee to retreat. That was his object, and iu spite of all Lee's attacks, he had succeeded Then, everyone thought that Grant would have paused for a while, to wait for re-inforcements, but on the morning of the fifth day Grant again gave the order to attack. On this day he was more successful than before. Lee retreated still farther, and Grant followed him up. Such was the account which we had up to yesterday orning, and with such evidence before it, the Times' thus remarked on the campaign. " Giant has stamped a new character on the tactics of the Federals. No other General would either have advanced upon Wilderness after the severe battle of the fifth, or followed up an almost victorious, though retiring enemy, after the still harder fighting of the sixth. None but he again would have attacked his adversary so resolutely oa the eighth and on the ninth, or held his ground so tenaciously in spite of failure. Under his command the army of the Potomac has achieved in invading Virginia an amount of success never achieved before. Grant has advauced towards Richmond, and though he has made but little way, he has not been driven back Whether his position can be retained, or his success improved is a question which the next mail will resolve for us." Last night we received news by the City of Washington, which resolved the question in favor of Grant and the north. We have no details whatever by the telegram, which is all that has yet reached us of the fighting on the 10th. Oa the 11th no fighting took place, but early ou the morning of the 12th a detachment of Grant's army, uuder General Hancock, vigor ouily charged andcaptured the Confederaterifle pits in his front, with 4000 prisoners, 2 generals, and 30 guns. Still the Federals failed to penetrate Lee's lines, although thefightingcimtiuued furiously during the whole of the 12th. On the night of thi 12th Lee retreated. Meantime, the same mail informs us that reinforcements are being rapidly despatched to Grant, that one of Tiis generals, Sigel, lias destroyed three important roads, that Butlor is advancing in the direction of llichtnoud, and that Federal cavalry has destroyed portions of the railroad in Lee's rear. The very latest accounts dated noon, May 14, report Lee as having crossed the I'o river. Probably your telegrams from Suez will inform you of subsequent events equally important. Meantime, the good news comes rapidly f rotn America of the gradual extinction of slavery. Every mail brings us word of new accessions to the colored troops of the North from the runaway slaves of the South. Whatever now be the result of the war, so far as the establishment of two republics is concerned, all are agreed ou this, that slavery is doomed. The negro is becoming more and more respected iu the North, and the war has become more and more one of a single issue—that of the existence or non-existence of slavery. Through all the bunkum, the bad management, the roguery, the incompetence of the North, there has gradually come forward into light the one settled purpose which animated the abolitionists from the beginuing, and which has now become the one purpose of the war ; a purpose, the idea of which was derived from the teaching and the example of England, and which England has consistently carried into execution. We have still our ships watchi.\g for slavers along the African coast, and treating them as pirates, I whenever they can be caught, and f:ooi the latest news we have of Livingstone it seeins that wherever an Englishman finds himself he regards it as his mission to set men free. In the interior of Africa, he together with the members of the Oxford and Cambridge mission, met some two hundred negroes, who were being led down to the coast, in order to be sold as slaves. Livingstone took upon himself to set them all free, " in the name of God." By the way at the same time, that the Rev C. H. Bromby is to be consecrated bishop of Tasmania, a genuine nigger, born in Africa, aud black as tbe blackest ebony, with the wooolliest of hair, is to be consecrated bishop of Niger. As the Rev Samuel Crowther, he has been preaching in many of the leading London Churches. When a boy he was sold into slavery for half a pound of tobacco, captured by an English ship and sent to a West African station, has gradually risen to be teacher and clergyman, and is now to be con seerated bishop ; the first black bishop which the English Church has ever yet possessed, and an evidence, among other things, of that new life which has begun to stir the English Church within the List ten years, and which, to an Englishman returning home after an absence of some years, must be one of the most wonderful things to be noticed. One of the most important events of the month has been Mr Gladstone's declaration iu favor of reform. The present parliament was pledged to reform at its commencement. Even D' Israeli, much to the disgust of the slower coaches of his party, brought iu a reform bill. Its distinguishing characteristic w.is that it aimed at giving votes to men of education ; to two curates in every pirish, besides the clergyman who held the living, and to every certificated schoolmaster. By making up a formidable list of " fancy" votes, as they were called at the time, D israeli aimed at pleasing the mass of the people, and at the same time rather strengthening than weakening his own political party. Parliament threw out his bill ou the geuerally assigned reason that it was not strong enough In reality nobady seriously believed that the Tories wanted a change. Accordingly, Earl Russell brought in his reform bilL It was well received, and would have been generally welcomed by the country, when to the surprise of everybody Lord John withdrew it, alleging that he saw no evideuces that the nation wanted it. From that time to this the various members of the government have been preachiug the doctrine that nobody wants reform, that this is the time to "restand be thankful," aud that there is no agitation thoughout England iu favour of any change. This latter statement has been uttered again and again, although equally often it has been answered, that to wait for agitation or revolution is not the best method of accediug to the demands of the people. It is better to avoid springing a leak at all, than to wait until the leak appears, before you attempt to do anything. Agitation is uncommonly like the letting in of water. It begins by being perfectly under control, but ends nobody can tell where. The real fact is that even the liberals did uot care for reform, and were quite willing to take up with any plausible excuse that could bo put forward, for getting rid of it. If agitation had been made, it would have been equally easy, and quite as reasonable to say that concessions ought never to be made to agitators, noisy demagogues, mobs, tbe great unwashed and soon. As it is, honorable members point to Lancashire, and bid us admire the fortitude, the contentment, and the general good sense of the brave working men, who are suffering from the dearth of cotton, and then ask in return whether any change is needed by such men, or in a system which has produced such men. But Parliament has nearly run its course. Considerable doubts exist even whether it can last out this session. Hence, either from uneasy consciences, or from the recollection that they will soon^haveto meet their constituents, honorable members have been shewing signs that they have uot altogether forgotten their election pledges. StiU there is not the faintest shadow of the ghost of a chance of reform from the present Parliament. In granting constitutions to colonies. England can be as liberal as any one can possibly desire. An Englishman in Australia can have tne ballot and almost universal suffrage, but in England he must be content to let a small number govern for him, and to have that still further reduced by open voting. Ballot is a good thing for you, but for us it is un-English. Your stern, honesty loving, result defying outspoken British elector, would not condescend to be guilty of the sneaking act of secret voting. He must and will proclaim to the whole world in whose favor he has voted. At least so say the opponents of reform, while they themselves as soon as they have delivered their utterances to the House, adjourn to their clubs and blackball a candidate by the very same ballot they have been abusing. The difference, is that they might possibly be horsewhipped if the rejected candidate kuew who voted against him, whilst the poor tradesman or farmer who records his honest vote will often be ruined by the enemies he will make. For my own part, I do not think that very much direct good will be done by a large extension of the franchise, but I am satisfied that any really good scheme of reform will take away a very deep sense of injustice which is met with everywhere throughout the working and the lower middle classes of society. When men are taxed iu the fashion that Englishmen are, it is at least a consolation to know that they have something to do with the imposition of those taxes, aud a voice, though it be but a twenty millionth in their disbursement. But to return to Mr Gladstone. When everybody believed that there was very little prospect of reform, that the Liberals had given it up, and that the torto ise of conservative reaction was _ going to t pass the sleeping r_.. o hare of Liberalism,"that It did "not matter in the least J whether Palmerston or Derby was in, and that I , ., . ,, , i ... ., , . | anyhow nothing could te done till the death | or l'etiremeut of the Premier, Mr Gladstone stepped forward and made a speech in favor of the extension of the franchise, which acted like a bombshell thrown among the ranks of the Liberals, Hy the Liberal newspapers generally it was heartily welcomed, but the 'Times' which since the resignation of Mr Lowe has been ready to carp at everything which the government has done, came out in its most slashing style dead against the speech and its author. Everybody has been expecting (as I mentioned in my last letter) that the ' Times' would attack the government, but nobody seems to have expected anything like the rabid, vindictive assaults which have come from it. I do not believe that the ' Times' a few years ago would have allowed anything so grossly and personally offensive to appear in its columns. The fact is, however, that the ' Times' is not what it used to be. It is still facile princcps, but the rest are not, in sporting slang, nowhere. The ' Daily Telegraph' has a much larger circulation ; and the ' Daily News' and the ' Morning Post'—the first reputed to be Earl Russel's, .and the last Lord Palmerston's, organ—have very large'circulations among the middle and upper classes. Where, ten years ago, you were sure of seeing the ' Times,' you likely enough meet one of the the above-mentioned papers,—or possibly penny ' Standard,' or ' Star.' Thousands pre fer now to have a morning aud an evening paper instead of simply the ' Times'—especially since the price of the two is less thau that of the ou . Hence it is that the Thunderer by 110 means alarms people in his old fashion. Though he has not yet descended very far from his clouds, yet a good many aspirants have raised themselves nearly to his level And hence, too, when he aims a bolt at tbe head of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, these, his emulators, catch it before it reaches the ground,—or, at least, so break its f,ill that it alights harmlessly on that noble and care-worn head. As a first result of the speech, the English working incu are begiuniug to bestir themselves, and to do their utmost to support Mr Gladstone. Public meetings are to be held all over the country ; and there seems every probability that, at the coining election—which canuot possibly be delayed longer than the end of next summer—there will be an auuuiit of organization among the Liberals of England such as there li.is uot been siuce the days of free-trade agitation. Mr Gladstone—in takiug his place as the leader of the people, and in declaring that all persons not specially disqualified are entitled to share ill the government of the country,—has only added an additional labor to much that he has already doue for the working classes. These classes invest their savings in Mr Gladstone's Post Office Savings' Bauks. They read Sir Gladstone's penny newspapers from Land's End to John o'Groat's House; and in a short time it is probable they wiU provide for their support in old age by means of Mr Gladstone's Annuities Bill. Duiing the sitting of the Conference, attention has been withdrawn a good deal from. Denmark and the German war. There is hut too much reason to fear that the Conference will have been unable to bring about peace. There are many who believe that Napoleon 16 not sincere in wisliing for it, while, on the other hand, it is reported that the demands made by Austria and Prussia are such as can never be complied with by Denmark. All this, however, is mere conjecture. The Conference sits with closed doors, and although somethiug does, undoubtedly, leak out, yet it is hardly as reliable as could be wished. The English sympathy is becoming more and more marked in favor of Denmark. On the very day on which the Connference agreed to a month's cessation of hostilities, a uaval battle took place off Heligoland, between a portion of the Danish aud Austrian fleets. The news of the victory of the former, when announced in the House of Commons, was received with cheers on all sides. Iudced to such an extent has the sympathy of England been shown towards Denmark, that the leadiug journals of Austria have proposed that the sittings of the Conference be transferred to Belgium, as England is no longer a neutral country. I do not know a single newspaper which takes the side of Prussia, or which has not denounced the proceedings of the allies towards Denmark. Her Majesty exhibits her sympathy strongly in favor of Germany, and has retired to Scotland, it is said, in di6gust at the sympathies of parliament aud the press. Duke Ernest, the brother of the late Prince Consort, has been in England for some time, and is, as your readers will remember, at the head of the German party. Prince Alfred is at present in Prussia, and has been presented with the order of the Black Eagle, a compliment which the ' Times' repaid, by heading the paragraph recording it '' A questionable honor," while ' Punch,' in return, offered the King of Prussia the order of (de) merit, a gibbet with a ready made noose. It has been remarked also that at the only drawing room held this year by her Majesty, she wore simply the insignia of one English order, and of one Prussian. She received the special representatives of Prussia and Austria to the Conference, but did not receive the representative of Denmark. Oil the other hand the Princess Alexandra has been equally ready to show her sympathies for Denmark. She appears everywhere in the deepest mourning, and has more than once refused, it is said, to honor with her presence] assemblies where the Prussian representative was in attendance. The example neither of the one nor the other, has, however, much effect. The nation, as a great nation should, goes on its course without reference to the personal feelings of its kings and princes. 