HOME AN,) FOvREm GN EXThACTS. CowvaOcog or ALFRanEDABRanaM MarCUS.-The Orimioal.Sessions cowmeoncd in the Supreme Court. Cape Town, on Monday, Nov- ember 2. The most interesdting cae was that'of Alfred Abraham Mar cus, a well- known Cape speculator, well connected by.marriage, on three distinct counts for fraud. T'he first count charged him with having defrauded Mr. GoorgpWillm Pilkington of £4000, by pass lia tbelilTtwo promissory notes for £2000 each, which notes he reprcented to have booen accepted by the Hon. George Woed, of Orahem's Town, a wealthy member of the Logislative Council, be at tbhe same time well knowing them to have been endorsed, not by the Hen. George Wood, of Graham's Tows, but by one George Wood, of Cape Town, an old theatricalcoetaumier, not worth a shilling. The second count charged, him with having obtained from Meesra. Lewis and Lichtenstein their bills to the amount of £4,200, by passing to them, by means of similar representations, two other bills of the same character. The third count charged him with passing, under asimilar reprehentatios, to Mr. Henry Matthew Arderne, an attorney of the Supreme Court; two bills for £1,010 each, and one bill for £1,500, and thereby defrauding Mr. Arderoe of £3500. He was fdund guilty, and sentenced to be imprisnbed, with hard labour, for five years. OIRoavT?e tO VOLUNTfRB.-JOSeph Parlr and Owen ,ewis were, summoned at the instance of Majr George Melly, under the provisions of the Volunteer Act The complainant beine: the com. mnading officer for the time being of the 4th Lanoashire Artillery Volunteer Corps, established .?derso Act of Pacrliament, and the defendants, being menobera of 'tba esaid corps, didon the stat of October lastnesgleet to'pay 4s. each subscription, whiohthbey had audettaleo to pay towards the e-epenv?itenT?,b " tha corp, 'add the f?rther sum of 4.., trslibiXrrd y enob of them ·inder the rales o tbe?orps, whlih hadl beeh' duly approved: and iolfi~ r?".?,?n'u?ed 1y law.-Mr. Bremner, who apflM'apjctq )of the inforepation, said he had t.esppt.y'fp a.rs jtwntow, eases against twq young m.en, Psamp4 pup" Par . and Owen Lewis, who .weranasm p . tes 4th. Lancashire Artillery 3 lplu,.ptjl~i . Under the Act of Parliament p.4sedtISp ? session, the S6th rond' 27th VZe., eipsdl?iea.- , the oflcess snd volunteers elong nog o ;n; voldnteer corps may frohi 'tine to:time -ake rulsd? .or he managemdent if the property, osacensad civil salrn of the corps, and may alter sor epeal- may Ch'C rtle; buntchl rl shall not hn-ave f?t~ctsiles'iid until thd cosnmandihgofficer of-the ipsth?l?L th' to transmit th sapine to the l lord.1 ap oftheomty .to which the co~s Will4orspps atbmit thesame be igsemed 'tbrosgh' one pf bitb y ip crtarie of State, notled bj .sato od-ju taw .to the commanding officer of terpl,:to.be by him forthwith commaunicated to-?eynaorpswhereponsthe eales so approved shal be 'Lireling -pon! all p·esnen. - ?All pete require. enits hltve beu Wlpiad with in the-reenteasse. :At,the aliteal:lautbe&on; oftlihe orpo in qhestios, held oan the 8th odf Alet, in thepbsp?gcs of 425 anmbare edf-lth bri id 4 ,it , teaBnidii eously r?.,ol rit b ?itahi lteaiop 'th ithe srdbcilp =.ote fMe hoat idbt:ove?W9the jhndwriin poyable sdvseeAfj4hd rule wasr passed it was sent to t *.n S eoo'uend theb8sorftarynof State, the eaelng gone'through, and it 3, uiLe aomestllght alteratlon in' the wording, ndopted. Ifhe ahoecd pov th'·band.writiug of e .s edn t that he haw made h s~hee4 d ebatgipe sasgiatrateoaght'to make astqr~drtyo~rqe 'Ppy~gnCof 4s. and the fine <f 44. in each psM #e mght sate that these men had h oyeeesat eosldripij treated ,by the command.. i-ga.ficaees. for not 'osuy' had a circular, after the relni hl ?eno pased, jest to them for theireab. 'cvptlous, ht a piivate letter from. the command f?l"?fic`r sd. Laeien' sent .to them entreating them ,to e'nd .their subscriptions. Major Kelly.was?-~lenaUe lled, and proved the signatures of • "loetl. . loru?'aa nd Earl de Gray and Bipon to the r'; le. Me.saidfhathe should like to mention to th-eir worshipe that4t was not the mere question of ..osey thatLroight them there that day. They ad asrp.of 450 iodividuels," who hbd all agreed -'to this rule,.?'%,vei.ose haald'vId h the eucep. .iofS've tPeiths;,"htSb of whomnould not e , ind rat otd t when were then before ote eettrt. t t'w ileerrs ,only an pot of junstice to the?4i qehiihvs wo ha ppd t'heir subhnriptions that tJe nule`aJo?ebd he enforeed:-in these cases. One, af? e,.dc adpnt, who appeared, safd the tson ylay' .a ,a not paid his subecription was rers of .his. baving been out of employment for seven monthba-eThe bench ordered the defendants :to pay the amount, with costs. - ,. T; Oans ; r"4okncevrcua.Whatever may be the otherpesouliarlties of the inhabitants of the morthmupsnt of the island, they get the credit, whethergh?i , or wrongly, of being rather sharp tn-regardoa e ything connected with "eiller;" andl although vihyto qve their moqey for a tangible and -rtigbls object, they have a whole. a ~somd burk~etofh "do~:~4ne'? .out of it in any shape [n.?u~~r·'. 0~~c4e,, ?th,? Sootehmen in tirs e proverbiatl, and by aharpers !rd as hopeless to attempt to cha geit ipby n Amerieaon to 'swindle a -Zso_ pyjwgr., :Howerer, tbere are exceptions :' awhi np elestilow caeful people.masy be in regard Sthei?noeed~ . there are swindlers elever enough to easatelimof t :. A ease of this kind oecunred -in Livepool'on 'Friday A young Scotchman sauased-Klr, atrrived in'tie town a fewdays ago from Danrlm ,1ri*lb aetp"f' ofif foju roeseding t?A.etsva'lfan tb-ship Blashhe Mdooia,. Having 'tsken?-lisi'psa ptioedeadrn' bonard the vessel, -•~ bliehi'mee ll.riesse aaana who ~ked him if Lre'wab'gr? qt Aqtr. lip. On .beio answered ii hastranger remarkee that he was gi• oj o- i J~iseorinae' in the antipodes also, iee 'l t hea was glad to have made Keir's a?c~. t?ag,.as they.would be good company on the vpyqg. T.The.stranger appeared tobhave plenty Slnmfosoney,'whcbh hedid nopt take came to conceal, ';and" pokiiu"e/.700 which he had just gained by [h4"'ie(eeult dta 4rial in which.be had been interested, 'tAwhic had just been finished in St. George's . Thinkirig from :this and other latters that ,lewly-nade. was' a moneyed man, Mr. Keir's .rqapet for him was greatly increased and aiftera short time,they eonveissed about-their respective affairs :wilh the utmost friendehbip and oebdfdeuoe. They proceeded to thebdiiuse where Keir bed been lodging, whebethey hiltea' together. The stranger spoke here freely?atiit hismoney, proposed tljathe should 'p fr6i'ther t& go to the theatre, and, simply as a '"iatter'ofbiiutij rye'.iqufr d what money Keir had. atthe hame'oile hpwing him a bag of" sovereigns,"' -'liie' hg remarked he carried m his pocket for " g Bi'lj.? ?' , 'q?eing that his friend showed his mtppge so oppilv, thought there would be no harm n'dongso.hesam e, and accordingly produced a bag cDptyinig' sic tovereigns. The stranger took the ag., -and holding his own in his bhand at the wsme timetooleout.rhat-appesared to be a sovereign and put.it into Keir's monsey- bag, telling him in the t?ot generous oan. per"" to keep it to drink his (the stranger's) liealth,' and that "he didn't want the ?ae," .c He then, as Koeir thought, returned him hrs .poney. and they left the bouse-'o go to the' lthatre tosgether. When they had got' a short distanee the stranger suddenly discovered he had ldh-is'hbandkervbief behind, and giving a shilling to his companion to take a cab to go asd fetch it, said he would wait his return. Keir did aedesired, brt found ns a matter of course that no handkea chief had been left. On returning to the place where ie had left his friend he found be had de camped. After looking shabout for a short time he went into a public house to get some refreshment, snd puiling out his purse to pay he found that instead of his owh six eovereigns it had in it en equal cumber of "jecks'--a counterfeit coin not worth a fsrthin , the etranger who had so suddenly Sleft him having seuccessfidlly performed upon Mk. Heir a very common triek -that of "ringing the eharcges."-Liverpool Mercury. It is proposed It, luild an Oriental library in Bom bay, to include all Sanskrit and other Oriental works. CATLrrE DIlsEAsE.-The following is taken from a lecture given by Mr. Gamszee, Principal of the New Veterinary College, Edinlurgh:-" The staLin tics," be says, "which irrefutably indicate that Ireland is not prospering include a statement as to the decrease in the amountof live stock. Attention has been repeatedly drawn to this subject, and Lord Carlisle spoke not long ago in Dublin of the importance of attending more to the health of Irish stock, which his Yorkshire tenantry declared to bhe more subject to the prevailing epizootics then British cattle. Last year I had occasion to study very carefully the subject of disease among animals in Ireland, and arrived at the conclusion that whereas the soil and climate of Ireland are the most favourable in the three kingdoms for the rearing of healthy stock, there is a constant higher mortality there among cattle, sheep, and pigs, than either in England or Scotland. TPe losses in Britain are enormous, and urgently call for a more careful consideration of the question of prevention of disease among stock; but we have net so constantly as in Ireland the destruction of our cattle to the extent of eight and ten per cent., of our sheep up to ten end fifteen, and among pigs up toten, twelve, and some times twenty per cent. How is it possible in the face of such losses that no essentially stock-producing country should thrive Of late years the difficulties have been enormous in the way of getting calves in Ireland for the purpose of rearing and fattening. They have been bought 'up in Lancashire, York shbire, and adjacent counties, where, born in the cowsheds of large cities, they have contracted diseases which they have transmitted down the Irish Channel, and losses on them have been setained amounting very frequently to 60 and 60 per cent. I was mosit caretful in tracing the spread of, contagious disease; dnd the best informed perioes in Dublin, severidl of whom were engaged in the trade of calves, assured me that owing to losses by disease there had been a great demand for English calves, and these had constantly carried over to Ireland-the diseases which, in Britain, are due to the importation:of foreign stock and to the ever increasing traffi in diseased animals. Many of your readers will doubtless remember how the Earl of Cork visited his tOenastry last year, and granted reductions in rent in .consequence of the heavy losses by disease. Mr. Berbert, of Muck gross, assured me that the demands on Irish land. lords were great and universal from this same canese. Among sheep and pigs the losses by disease were very heavy last year. Indeed, the rot has destroyed thousands of sheep annuallyr and during 1862btthe parasitic lung disease appeared with great virulenne. The 1igs have beeh carried off of laie years by the o-cialled bog cholera, and the measles have continued to rednuce the value of a very, heavy per oentage, though not so great as forierly,. It is a ery easy task to calcilate losses to tbs amount of many hundred thousand pounds sterling per annum even in a poor country like Ireland, and all this by preventible disease among stock. Sonrely the subjetashould be inquired into, and unremittipgly worked onut. It is important to remetibbe"'that when animals are destroyed by disease, there is not oily the direct loss on their monesy value, hii theyare carried off the land they bhould fatteia. When we consider how land improves by feeding sheep in it we can easily understand that last year Irish larmers lost enormous sums of money from the sheepdying offas theydid. The losses cannot be caloulated, as they arenot confined to the single year. Land which is imperfectly manured one year requires more another, and to obtain this money must bespent. If the difficulties in the way of prevention of disease'were insuperable, and if attention to the subject necessitated enormous 'ependiture there might be some excuse for the absence of all effort in that djiectlon; but as the imrgpediate reture for any trouble or expenditure wonld bevery large, and ever increasing, it is truly surprising that some steps are not taken by Govern meatwith a .view somewhat to check the ravages by cattle, ; Aind swine plagues of home and of foreign origin in a coubnntry so poor as Ireland. It attention be paid to the health of stock, MIr. Donnelly's returns will soon change their aspect. If, on the other hand, we contionue, as for the past, Ireland's decline can only be acoelersted.-Edin bnurg7 Couran. Tos Nw Aemusasesr oF Duonsr.-The fol. lowing memoir of the new dignitary is extracted from Mei'ofthe Time:-The Very Rev. Richard Ohensevix Trench, M.A., seholar, divine, and Dean of Westminster, Is second guon of the lates Richard Trench, Es~., brother of the first Lord Ashtown in the Irish peerage, by Melesina Chenevix, grand daugbter and heiresa of.Dr. Richard Chenevix, Bishop of WaterfoRnd, from 1745 to 1779. He was hore the 9th of September, 1807, and graduated at Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1829, without,.how. ever, obtaining hoonura in either the classical or mathematical tripes. He was soon afterwards or dainled, and engaged himself upon a country curacy. It was not as a scholsr or divine, but as a poet, that the name of MIr. Trench first became known. About thp year 1837 or 1838, while holding the In eumbency of Curdridge Chapel, a district in the ex. tcnsive parish of Bishop's Waltham, Hants, he gave to the world two volumes of poems, written rather in the simple style of Wordsworth. They were re spectively entitled," Sabbation, Honour Neale, and other Poems," and " The Story of Justin Martyr." These poems soon attracted the favourable notice of the press, and they were followed in succession by "Genoveva," ' Elegiac Poems'," and "Poems from'Eastern Sources." Among thpse who took an interest in tbe author of these volumes was the Rev. Samuel Wilberforoe, then rector of Alverstoke, to .whodaMr..Trnch became surate in 18e1, resigning the.icnumbeoeyof Cordridge. There he continued in .the active discharge of his parochial duties till 1846, when his rector was promoted to the Deanery of Westminster, and Mr. Trench was presented to the rectory of Itchin Stoke, a living of the annual value of £380, according to the "Clergy List," by the latei Ashburtn,,to. whom he had bed comeknown at Alverstoke." Dr. Wilberforce, on his promotion to the seaf.Oztoad, appointed Mr. Trench his ex amining phaplain. In 1846 and 18486 he was Bnul sean Lecturer at Cambridge. and for a shoit time, mne of the select pirehebits. . is chief publications during the last 'tfew years are the wellknown volumes, " ?otes'on the Miracles," "Notes on the Parables," "The Lessons lb Proverbs,"" The Ser mon on the Mount, Illustrated f-rom St. AugUstine," " Snered Latin Poetry,"'" St. Augustines as n Inter p"reter of Scripture," " Synonyms of the New Testa ment," and a useful treatise on the modern English languige, entitled "The Btndy'of Words," being the subject of some lectures deliveredst Winchester to the Diocesan Training Oollege. .?ABent the year 1847, Mr. Trench became Theological Professor and E~xaminer at King's College, London, and continued to hold that appointment till ten years later, when, on the death of Dr. Beookland, he was appointed Dean of Westminster. In 1832, Mr. Trench mar ried his cousin, the Hon. Fratices Mary Trench, eister of the present Lord Ashtown, by whom he has a very numerous family. A NEW PLEA FORn MrIToIATIOe OF PUNISHMEMrT. -At our last Quarter esenons, a man named Hardgrave was convicted for stealing a cart, and, having been previously convicted of larcenies, he was sentenced to four years' penal servitude. It apears that the man is somewhat of a simpleton, with apropensity to steal. His wife memorialled tbe Lord Lieutenant for mitigation of punishment for lerihusband, and, among other extenuating qircumstances, pleaded that abe had recently reeived from her gracious Majesty the Queen the sum of three pounds as a good service reward for having had three children at one birth.-Monarghon 8tandard. .&onocls;'. DuYlN TO BE A Geos.-The Oaide sGactte reports that Mr. Morrison, the head gardener of the Wingfield.Perk, recently observing one of his men in a somewhat comatose state while making believe to be at work, roused him with a shore which coaused him to stagger and fall on all fours. On the following morning Mr. Morrison was informed that the usan had died during the night. On inquiry it was ascertained that he had taken a large dose of arsenoic, and that the motive for the suicide wls the belief that Mr. Morrison would ever after be haunted by the ghost of the man whose dignity he had offended by a hasty shove. BRIman COUMBIma is just the sort of place for adventurous spirits who are not averse to "roughing it" and working like horses. It is a lottery of lalour, in which prices are numerous and valuable; where money is made and spent with amazing facility and recklessness; but where it is qulite possible that the prudent industrious man may vase alter paying all expenses, at the rate of £300 a-year. iHe might make that sum clear, not by gold-digging, but by labourr, which would be as certain as it would be remunerative. Thie usual pay is from ten to twelve dollars a duy. for ten hours work. But labourers are not satisfied even with that, and think eight hlours' work a very fair equivalent for twelve dollars a day. " I am down on the ten hour system," said one of thie labourers, as reported by the Times' correspondent; " and am of opinion that if wages were raised universally from ten to twelve dollars a day of eight houre' work, it would have looked better." For the pre sent, however, the employers look the other way, thinking that they sutlficiently remunerate labour when notwithstanding the high price of everything, it is possible for a man engaged in carrying pro visions to put by £8 a-week. A man's Ioard costs him thirty-five dollars a.week, or two dollars and a half i be pays by the meal; from whichi it appears that the keepers of stores and boarding-houses, and the importers of the necessaries and superfuities of life, are thie people who make their fortunes. Mining is carried on by companies, and is as much a piece of luck or good fortune as ever it was when engaged in separately by individuals. Some com panies obtain from 100 to 170 ounces a day, while others get nothing. T'he work is killing. "' When I come out of the shaft," says one of the miners, " you would not recognise me-covered all over with clay, and wet to the skin. I am very badly off for boots, not a pair to fit me in the place, and I have not had a dry foot since I came here." A fortune made, not recklessly squandered, but per manently eqjoyed after such labour as that is a rarity indeed. The old maxim still proves true "quickly got, quickly spent" Festivities relieve the hardships of labour, and no one thinks it a matter worthy of consideration when he has to pay £13 a bottle for champagne. A cargo of perry sold at that rate would be a better stroke of business than a year's mining. Balls are fashionable, though ladies are scarce; and at one of those entertain ments, given at the Pioneer Hotel, Ritchfield, last June, 120 gallant miners vied with each other in making tlings pleasant with nine ladies only for their partners. Every thirteenth couple had a lady partner-the remaining twelve couples con siting of brawny miners, the halfof whom had "to dance lady" as bet they could. "Ohampagne," it is said, " flowed freely, Thirteen baskets of the sparkliag nectar were emptied, the expense of which amounted to 2,496 dollars." "Could Victoria balls come up to this fot expense?" triumphantly asked one of tire hosts of the evening: ?£600 for what was no doubt execrably bad cllampagne! Gambling in mining shares is one of the ordinary opcupations of the successful miner, who often loses in aday what he had to work hard for during maeny months. A shamr in the Carrihoo Company soil .for 9,700 dollars, though the mines was un develooped; two shares in the Welsh Company sold, the lrst for 16,000 dollars, the other for 18,000 dollars. Some shares have been sold as high as 20,000 dollars eachb. "Dealing in such shares is sheer gambling," says our contemporary's cor respondent. "Claims or holdings, which might have been sold at 5,000 dollars on the 18th June, would not be taken as a gift two days afterwards; and some which were worth nothing sold within the same period at outrageous prices." The life has its advantagee and disadvantages, but no one can hIope to succeed in British Columbia unless he has capital to trade with, or a constitution which no amount of hardship will, for the present at least, impair. To sleep in one's clothes wrapped up in a blanket on the floor of a but, while tlhe ground outside is covered with snow; to pay £7 be. 10d. a week for board, which is a matter oe im possibility without constant work; to be exposed to all kinds of weather, and to live more like a wild man in the woods than a eivilised being: to be ec posed often to "robber's only law" "That those should take who have thie power, And they alhould keep who can;" to carry one's savings about one, at tihe risk of being shot or having one's throat cut-suchl is the mode of life which the settler in British Columbia must expect for some time to come. In short, no one should go there who cannot "roigh it"-who cannot endure any amount of hard labour, and who cannot defend himself against the strongest. With such qualities, together with a little shrewdness, and a still larger share of prudence, it is quite possible for a labouring man to succeed in our latpat founded and most promising colony.--_reas. EvnaoAomalry EsoAPE AT A RAILWAY CBoase. IuO-Au extraordinary escape from death on the North-eastern Railway took place at Pallion Station, near Sunderland. Between six and seven o'clock Mr. JamesLaing, a well-known shipbuilder, was proceeding along with his wife, in a close carriage, to Pallion Hall, the residence of Mr. Christopher Webster, to attend a dinner party. The carriage was drawn by two valuable grey horses, driven by the coachman, and on the box was Mr. Laing's bhtler. To reach Pallion Hall from Sunderland, the carriage had to cross the North-eastern Railway at the Pallion Station ona level. In passing through the first gate the 'wheels of the carriage caught a post, and it swerved to one side on the railway. While endeavours were being made to extricate it, Mr. Laing observed a light approaching on the line of rails from Sunderland. He immediately opened the carriage door, got out, and pulled Mrs. Laing after him. A momeut after, an engine and tender, without anything attached, running from the South Dock, came up with frightful velocity and struck the horses and carriage. One of the horses was cut to fragments on the spot; the other was carried aquarter of a mile on the buffers of the engine as fare as Pallion Grove, and was there found dead. The carriage was smashed to atoms. Theescape of Mr. and Mrs. Laing and their servants was quite extraordinasry. The two former were close to the outside of the up line of rails, and so near that Mrs. Laing fancied the engine grazed her arm. The cosachman snd butler afterwards found themselves lying.on the platform of the up side, whither they had been thrown from the carriage, but were unable to give the slightest information how they escaped. They were much shaken, but fortunately only slightly injured. DPEsN?FB OF N&W; Yoaa.-.The following appears in the Boston Journal:-" There has been great activity recently in putting New York Harbourinto astate of defence. One thousand men have been employed for a long time past, and most of the labour thus bestowed has been in substituting the modern armament for the orloance of small calibre formerly in use. At the present time they have mounted smooth bore guns of 340, 128, and 64 pounds weight of shot, and rifled guns of 300, 200. and 100 pounds weight, which constitute the arma ment of forts in the harbour. Some guns of the old pattern jre still retained; 13-inch guns are now being eCset, and for which thire forts are prepared. An experimental gun of formidable character is also to be employed. These works are by the United States; but tie State Government has also voted a million of dollars to the same object, and out of this barriers are now being constructed to close the ship channels against the approach of an-enemy. These barriers are floating islands, built of an inde structible material, in the chalnels, from Long Island Bound and from the sea--oand so 'arrangcd opposite the principal fortifications as to check the enemy, and bring him directly under the oncen. trated fire of hundreds of powerful cannon. Those who have seen the defences of New York say that they are of the most effective charaCter, embraeing stone walls and earth-works heavily armoured; the throats and exterior face of stone mososry about the embrasures are effectually protected by heavy plates of iron." PITasN's SuORTnN?n.-Mr. F. Pitman has been engaged to instruct a class of fifty junior clerks at the Camden Station of the ILondon and North. Western Railway, London, in thie mode of writing named phonograph. It is believed that the use of phooography will grestly facilitate some branches of railway business.--.Railway Ilepiler. 