GAYNDAH. (From the Correspondent of the Maryborough Chronicle.) The very last minute of the very last hour your devoted corresponde mechanically takes up his pen to add his usual mite to the news of the Chronicle, but as usual with very little news and still smaller prospect of such news prove entertaining to your readers. What a thing it is that nobody kicks up a row here what a pity that we are all so peaceably disposed and nothing will happen to give your honorable servant the ghost of a chance to tell you something new; but never mind, we'll jog along merrily and though I have not any "sensation" news, thank goodness I have nothing to complain of. All I can say is what other people see and people will gossip; and since his arrival of your journal there has been quite a sensation and the poor Chronicle has been pulled about from one to another with great impertinence. The cause of this has been the publication of the little pugilistie arrange- ment between two of you, Maryborough men. who have both hitherto been looked upon with respect by those who knew them hereabouts. It certainly is something rather uncommon (even in Maryborough) for two gentlemen holding such honorable positions in society as Messrs. Sheridan and Reid to come to blows, and in such a place and on such an occasion when they must have been surrounded by their most intimate friends in acquaintances; and I do not wonder that under the circumstances you considered it right to give publicity to the whole affair, for it is clear that as your journal is the reputed cause of the disturbance, the duty fell on you to explain the matter to the public. If your statement be correct, as I have no doubt it is, no one can have a doubt as to who was the aggressor. How a gentleman of Mr. Sheridan's position could so far allow his better feelings to give way under such trifling foibles, and vent his unprovoked rage in the way he did, is to say the least disgraceful. As far as Mr. Reid is concerned, I agree with you that he acted very wisely under such trying and, by-the-bye. I should say "painful" circumstances. However, it is past and I would refrain from alluding to the matter again (well knowing that the mere re- membrance of it must be alike painfully unpleasant to both) were it not that I think I am adopting only for means of show- ing you the general opinion here. I sincerely regret the whole occurrence and trust that for the future we may see a little more good feeling in Maryborough. We have heard enough of disgraceful meetings of the corporation, of petty squabbles and jealousies in private, of offensive letters &c.;&c.; but now we shall expect to see it change for the better. Try and germinate the spark of unity and end this civil warfare, and then we may look to you as examples, but at present we see nothing worthy of it. One of the prettiest buildings we have in the town now is the hospital; it has wonderfully changed appearances by the ornamental fencing which has been put before it, and indeed is quite a credit to the town. The Roman Catholic chapel, which has com- pleted about two months ago, is still unused the Rev. O'Donohue (who was instrumental in collecting subscriptions for the building) having unfortunately been called to England before it was scarcely finished. However I believe we shall have a pastor in a very short time. The debate at the School of Arts last Monday night, if not characterised for in great elo- quence, was decidedly amusing. The subject was, "What is to be done with the blacks?" The worthy opener (Mr.A. Walker) appeared to approve of your principle of getting the blacks together, and adopting measures for their education and employment, but the 'mustering' part of the business seemed an insurmountable difficulty to most of the speakers and notwithstanding the arguments adduced by the opener, who showed that it was merely a matter of money, men, and horseflesh, the decision was against him by a majority of five or six. The weather is still unchanged, being remark- ably cold, but very fine. Gayndah, July 25. 