MR. GOLDYIM SMITH ON SECRET DIPLOMACY. (Economist 5th March.) Mr Goldwix Smith is becoming, we regret to say, one of the most mis chievous persons now writing upon politics. He is employing a remarkable power of statement—not so good as Cobbett's, but still verv considerable— in making the most vulgar and erroneous political ideas look outwardly intellectual. Any one who understood the drift of his mind, which is in all, save force of ex pression, essentially that of a clever vestryman, would have predicted that, at some time during the Dano-German quarrel, he would protest against secret diplomacy. The true source of the dis like to that mode of transacting inter national business is the vestryman's | feeling that nothing ought to happen in which he has not a voice, the feeling I which induces the uneducated to treat reserve as if it implied contempt; to con-1 demn an habitually silent man as " proud " one. That reason, of course, would not do to produce, so Mr Goldwin Smith hunts about for an argument •apparently intellectual, and of course having the habit of the forum, the power of making anything outwardly con vincing; he finds cne, and sends it to the Manchester Examiner. He asserts that the business of diplomacy is to maintain the balance of power, that there is no balance of power, that the wars and engagements of diplomacy are conse quently often without any solid object, and that therefore all diplomacy should be conducted by Parliament. A more unfair statement of a more ex aggerated case it would be hard to dis cover. In the first place, it is not true that there is no longer a balance of power. It is true, no doubt, that in its old form that phrase is growing antiqua ted, because the old immobility of the internal resources of different nations has disappeared. Arkwright's discovery in creased our fighting power more than any territorial extension could have done, and a real settlement of Ireland, the growth there of hearty loyalty to the Empire, would be as the' addition of a new kingdom to our strength. But it is still as necessary as ever to provide that no great State in Europe shall grow so strong by external development that the union of two other great States could not restrain it. The thirst for aggression, direct external physical aggression, is no more dead than it ever was. France heartily desires the Rhine, without reference to the desire of the Rhinelanders; Russia never ceases her preparations for conquest; the United States avowedly intend to conquer down to the Isthmus ; and Germany, having taken a huge cantle of Poland, and a big bit of Italy, and the whole of Hungary, now longs for the whole of Holland, and isin arms for a) pro vince of Scandinavia. Ifthe nations less aggessive in Europe do not interefere, the world will be given up to the incessant battle which diplomacy was invented to prevent; the little nations will be eaten up—and every distinct nation is a sepa rate reservoir of possibilitiesfor the good of mankind, contains in itself healing waters, so to speak, different from those contained in other even superior reser voires—and in the end we should be called 011 to face the temporary but most dangerous combination called " universal monarchy," and implying one overwhelm ing power upon the Continent. To pre vent such a catastrophe by any reasonable exertion is wise work, even though the okl " balance of power" may have disap peared. The mode of prevention adopted in modern Europe practically comes to this, that the peaceful States try to prevent the excited States from widening their borders by arms. We did not fight for Kice and Savoy, because France did not exactly take those provinces by war ; but we did prevent Russia from taking the Principalities because that was a naked act of violence. Diplomacy helps to maintain the general peace by enabling Europe collectively to sit in judgment pn almost all disputes. Prussia, for example claims Neufchatel; Swftzerland claims it too ; they must fight inevitably, but that Europe, acting through her solicitors, a trained class of international lawyers, ; summons the case into court, and decides that Prussia is in the wrong. Does Mr Goldwin Smith really Iclieve the vulgar notion that without lawyers there would be fewer quarrels,—a less swift resort to physical violence. He may,—for, as we have sa:d, his ideas are just of that popular class—but if he docs, he is un worthy of attention, and if he does not, he has 110 ground for condemning the precisely similar class who manage inter national business. But why should their work be secret 1 Simply because it caunot be public. The use of diplomacy is to induce aggressive nations to forego so much of their rights or desires, or prejudices, as shall enable other nations to abstain from fighting, and diplomatists have therefore to menace, to explain consequences, to appeal to fear, to self-interest, and to justice, just as lawyers have. If this is done publicly, nations will always fight, because they cannot submit to give way to anything like compulsion. Tell all France that if she keeps Syria England will fight, and France will keep Syria to prove that she is not afraid of England ; but the Emperor was told that quietly, : considered, and being under no visible , compulsion, returned of his own motion, 1 without exciting in France the frightful ) bitterness and inclination for vengeance l" yisible concession would kayo left behind, Great masses of men can only be moved, and are only moved, through the imagina tion, and the end of diplomacy is to settle things without an appeal to that faculty. It is very easy to say that nations are as reasonable as individuals, but look at Germany. The negotiations about Schleswig have, through a series of accidents, gone 011 publicly, and the nation now refuses the reasonable com promises to which her ruling men might otherwise be induced to consent. We venture to say that, had England ex plained day by day her diplomatic action i in the matter, her people would to- day have been possessed with an irresistable war spirit, and the chances of peace would have been indefinitely lessened. National pride being the strongest of all passions, statesmen could not by giving way in public seem to lower the national . standard. Again, politicians must deal with facts however much Mr Gold win Smith may contemn them ; and the first- and worst fact of modern Europe is this. '1 lie Con tinent is governed by a very few persons,__ not a hundred in all, whose pride and pretensions, and prejudice.-, and interests, and family traditions must, if peace is to be kept, be in some degree consulted, and no such deference is publicly possi ble. It may be necessary, for example, to threaten an Emperor of Austria before Austrian action can be modified. It may be most expedient, both for the LTnps burgs and tbeir people, to consider that threat; but if it is publicly made, the Emperor certainly will not do it. He will fight without reference to conse quences, just as a private gentleman might under the same circumstances, and his fighting involves his people. Then, very few persons really ruling, or, to put it more exactly, possessing the initiative of ac tion, it is often sufficient to convince than to secure peace, and arguments must be used for that end which cannot be made public. It is a real argument to the ears of the King of Prussia to tell him that by certain acts he risks revolution ; but, as addressed to the nation, it is no argument at all; and so with the whole host of personal, dynastic, traditioual, and family considerations, which so seri ously affect European politics. They may be all very bad, but they exist, and, existing, they must be considered, if we do not want all the passions, preju dices, and ideas of prominent individuals ranged on the side of war. There is ex actly the same necessity for keeping these things secret that there is for exempting lawyers from giving evidence as to con versations between them and their clients. If it were not done, no suitor could get advice freely, and every dispute would be a lawsuit a Voutrance. The plaintiff must he permitted to tell his solicitor that he is suing only to produce a com promise, for if he must make that state ment publicaly, he won't make it all, and litigation will have no end. Lastly, we must for our reader's sake, produce one argument which Mr Gold win Smith will, we know, reject with contempt. This journal has never professed any immense respect for states | manship as a trade, hut nobody but a fanatic will assert that the statesman class of t urope is not, as a whole, ore of the wisest in it, certainly a good deal wiser, because more passionless, tban the bulk of any nation. Kings, as a rule, as the Luke of "Wellington once confessed, are rather stupid persons, as any very limited class chosen by accident, and Dever kicked at school, is likely to bo : but Europe, with that drawback, is governed by able men. At this moment a Committee, composed of Napoleon, Lord Palmerston, Count Recliberg, Baron I'icasoli, Bishop Monrad, Hcrr von Bismark, Marshal O'Donnel, and j Duke Ernst of Saxe-Coburg, would cer tainly bo as intellectually competent as any Committee it would be possible 1 to get together. Is it so certainly wise to appeal, on questions I volving the lives of millions, from these ! men to the masses,—to the average | Frenchman, the average Englishman, the German professor, the Italian citizen,— because it is to them, if all diplomacy i public, that the appeal must be really made, and made before they understand either the grounds of dispute, the courses it is possible to follow, or the conse quences of each decision ? The Echuca Railway Station. — We have been informed by a gentleman from Ecbuca, that preparations for the erection of the station at that end of the railway have been commenced within the last few days by the contractors. The tails are laid to within a few miles of Rochester, the latter placo being only about eighteen utiles irotn Echuca, so that the conveyance of the materials from Sandhurst -will not he of nreat OifBcultv.— Bcndvjo Advertiser. A* New Spectral Illusion*.—Mr J. Mau rice, in a letter to the Morning Post, says :— "Will you permit tne to describe a means whereby apparently living b-ines of lillipution size, but wbh life-like proportions and ckaTac teristlcs, may be made to appear and act even in concert with real persons on the earn stage? As the means invented by Dircks, am subs qiuntly improved hv Silverster, fur pro during life-s-zed spectral figures are now gene rally known, it will suffice to s'ate that th lillipution ghost' may be produced by—1st The substitution of a convex for either th plain transparent or silvered mirroT, as at pie sent used. 2d. By interposing a suitable diminishing lens between the spectre produc ing object or silvered mirror and the transpa rent one. The same means will allow the phantom itnJgrs to be enlarged or diminished at will, ard faithfully portray some of those marvellous scenes in • Gulliver's Travel*' and other tales that have so amused our childhood and youth." 