Nuggets in High street. — On Wednesday after noon a party of miners obtained from a claim, near tho Golden Square end of High street, a nugget weighing 3 oz 12J dwt. The nugget, which was largely intermixed with quartz, very nearly re sembling a piece of reef gold, such as is frequently obtained from tho rich reefs in the district, and would reasonably lead to the supposition that there was a good one in tho locality of the find. — Bendigo Advertiser, May G. Shocking and Fatal Accident.— Eliza Anno Harvey died on Wednesday at her parents' resi uuiiuu, x iciisuuii uLrcuii, x-uiiuaiai. o.er ueaui was caused by serous effusion into tho pleura from severe and extensive burns, caused by her having accidentally fallen into a lire on the 29th ultimo. The deceased was agod ten months, and the daughter of John and Priscilla Harvey. It ap pears that tho child had been tied into a tall ;chair by her motlior, while she went into the yard to attend to Bome clothing on the lines. On her re turn sho found tho child aud chair had toppled oyer into the fireplaco, the former being severely burned in the face. She snatched the child up, applied ob vious remedies, and obtained the aid of Mr Dimock, surgeon, but the child gradually sank, and died at ton o'clock on Wednesday ovening. Mr Dimock gavo the medical evidence at tho inquest.— Bal laarat/i)tar, May 6. Ballaarat Chamber of Commerce. — That very remarkable body without a soul, the Ballaarat Chamber of Commerce, ia ss very dead apparently that it cannot even bo galvanised into lifo. Mori bund in evory sense for years, it at last got into such a hopeless condition, that its best friends had no faith in it, though with a kind of reckless hope against hope some of them endeavored to make it at least die decently. Bat it seems to have expired without tho small and decent courtesy of paving its debts, and after Beveral spasmodio straggles it has at last lain quietly down beneath the uumove .able weight of £33 lGs Gd duo and owing, and, for anything wo can see, likely to be owing for an indefinite peried yet to como to its unfortunate but patient and ever-philosophic secretary. Collec tions were made some timo ago in aid of the lamentable condition of the chamber, and the debt was reduced to tho sum abovo named, but the force of tho chamber could no further go. That was tho dying struggle, A few faint spasms, each fainter than its predecessor, followed, and last night tho faintest of all ending in a no-quorum lapsed meeting, only two members being present besides the unpaid secretary, whoso almost speechless patience might remind one. but for his PRY.-nf a Ninlm nil fhnt tliM tears. Tho two members who were present as the only representatives of the corporate debtor spoke pathetically to the secretary, and offered to tako the twentieth part of the responsibility of a bill for tho debt if othor eighteen could be got to keep tliem company, and a bunk would discount the paper. Or they would head a list of subscribers in aid of the removal of the terrible £33 19s Gd, if the secretary would go round with a list. But as wo said before, these wero only mild expiring spasms in the bedy of tho thing that had given up its ghost long before. To such complexion hus como tho representative body of tho mercantile interests of the second town in the colony, nnd all wo can hopo is, that as tho commercial men of Ballaarat seem to have lost all sense of what iB duo to this embodied reputation, some kindly folk, professional or amateur, will come forward as Boon as tho explorers' monument is really finished, and givo a performance on behalf of the chamber, and its long-suffering secretary, who cannot get his £33 19s Gd, — Star, May 6, 