JEAN O' PROSEN HA*. Adown by Prosen's wimpling stream, Where violets fresh and fair Waft fragrance fromtheir golden wings, And scent the balmy sir. And where the linnets joyfnl note Rings through the lovely shaw. There dwells a maiden, O now fair! The lass o* Prosen Eta'. The shining pebbles in the stream Are beautiful and clear ; And crystal waters kiss their face, That aye are running near. And sae Til kiss my ain true love, My beautiful, my braw ; For there was ne'er a maid so fair As Jean o' Prosen Ha'. AS INGENIOUS FBAUD.—Several of our eaders will remember Johu Hannon, erst a candidate for parliamentary and municipal onors in Ballarat East John has been rather unfortunate during the last five years, and for various piccadilioes has been repeatedly sent to gaol. Some time ago he got out with a ticketof- Ieave, but, at the end of a few weeks, found himself in his old quarters for making to free with the saddle and bridle of the. late member for Ballarat west. A few days ago he returned to his old quarters, and once more set up in business—as a squatter, who had large dealings in hides and wooL On Wednesday, Sergeant Smith,, of Buninyong, arrested Mr Hannon on a warrant, on a charge of stealing a quantity of wool, valued at about £6, from the station of Mr_ J. Wallace, near Mount Egerton. Mr Strickland, of the Fellmonger's Creek, some time ago was aroused from his sleep about two o'clock in the morning, by Mr Hannon, who informed him that he was a large squatter, resident near Back Creek, and that Tiehad brought him a load of sheepskins for sale. He apologised for m«Ving his appearance at that hour of the night, but accounted for the circumstance by stating that the dray got bogged on the road. Mr Strickland, not having die leasure of knowing who his customer was, Eelieved his story, purchased the skins, pud Hannon the money: an^L so delighted was the latter, and such was his confidence in icr Strickland, that he at once appointed him his Ballarat agent for the sale of . all his wool and hides, prefacing the bargain by stating that he should always rely on the agent to receive from him the market price for the goods. Both parties to the transaction wished each other good night, mutually satisfied, but when Mr Strickland went into his yard in the morning fie discovered that a heap of sheepskins had remarkably, and most unaccountably, diminished in size. He minutely examined the skins he had purchased fromthe eoirdi&mt; squatter, when the Painful reflection forced itself upon his mind that he had purchased bis own sheepskins from Mr Hannon. A JEWISH LEGEND.—At an early period of the World's history, the devil fell in love with a beautiful woman, and asked from his august Creator permission to many her, which was granted upon the condition that he should live with her for at least twenty years, to which he willingly agreed, because of his great love for her. She, however, soon proved to be an infernal termagant, and, consequently, led the poor devil a sad life. One child—a son—waB the only fruit of the queer union, who grew up in ignorance of his father's real rank. When the boy had reached the age of fifteen years, lus fether disclosed to him the secret of his rank, and told him it was his wish that he should be a doctor, " as," says the father, "lam the messenger of death," and in this capacity present, though unseen, in cases of sickness. I appear at the head of the sick person's bea when he is to die, and at its foot when he is to recover. 1 will be so visible to you only, and will thus enable you at all times to predict correcUy the issue of your patients' illness. You will thus soon become blown and respected as the most skilful of your profession." The son obeyed his father, who was glad to leave his matrimonial Xantippe at the expiry of the twenty years. His son became famous for his unerring skill, and was called for by the king of the country he dwelt in to attend his only child, a daughter Upon entering her chamber, he perceived his father at the head of the bed. He requested the sick woman to be left alone to his care for a few minutes ; and she being insensible from her extreme illness, he addressed his father, requesting him to leave, as the king had promised, if he saved the daughter from death, that she should become his wife, and his (the king's) successor to the throne. The father refused his son's appeals, who at last threatened to go and bring his mother; when the devil, with a look of unmistakeable dismay, said, " Oh, don't do that; I will much rather prefer to leave myself as meet her again," and so, says the Jews, Solomon writes. "A wicked woman is worse than death." EXTBOBDINABY CASE.—A girl named Mary Ann Barber, was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment at Taunton, on Wednesday, for a singular offence. Barber, who was supposed to be an invalid, disappeared about two months ago, and it was supposed that she had been murdered. Suspicion fell on the woman with whom she lodged, who then told the following remarkable story, which now turns out to be true, bnt was not believed at the time. During the summer the girl Barber lodged at her house, keeping her bed entirely, during a portion of which time she was visited by charitable persons, who daily looked for her decease, so ill did she appear, apparently taking no food to sustain li fe. In the house were other girls, who went ont daily to labor, and who invariably comp lained on their return that some of their victuals had mysteriously disappeared. One day, a little girl, on the return of the mistress, told her that Maty Ann, the invalid, had been downstairs in her nightdress, and had been to the cupboard, .and taken more victuals. When Mary Ann was told of this she stoutly denied it and asserted that the girl must have seen her ghost, and doubtless it was a token that she should "speedily die and be with Jesus." One day in August, the food in the cupboard continuing to disappear, the mistress resorted to stratagem to discover the thiefj and told Mary Ann that she was going out and should not be at home for several hours. She locked the front door, and apparently left the house, but at once got in again by the back way. and secreted herself in the cupboard. In the course of half an hour she heard footsteps coming down stairs, and then the door of the cupboard was open, discovering to the mistress the ghost of Maty Ann, and to Mary Ann the ghost of the mistress. Both were too much frightened to speak at first, but the affair ended in the mistress ordering Mary Ann to leave the house next day. Early in the morning Mary Ann had vanished, taking with her some of the apparel belonging to her fellow-lodgers. A day or two since she returned to the town, and was at once given into custody, on a charge of vagrancy. ? —Ballarat Star. 