- ht's . (Sohmial jtems. ed, A CASK OF STABDIK<> AT Rocassrss.—A very n serious ca=e of stabbing opcurred at Rochester o Saturday morning, the following particulars of whic arc supplied to us. It appears that & shepherd na n Hngan, who K.id been paid his cheque forwages, treating some men who lived in a hut near tlie h l-. .at Rochester. Tlrey were thus occupied until ver nt Into on Friday night, when, the liquor being fini Hogan gave one of: the men,' named Tyrell, scpn st money to go to the publiohcmse for more. He di on not succeed in getting into tlie house, and did no bring back the money, which he said he. had fln 's in at the open window of the public-house. Words he ensuing between Tyrell and Hogan, the latter -dre d a ; penknife, and was going toassault Tyrell with d, when the latter struck hitn. Hogan, it appears, th nd went of to this kitchen ofthe hotel, and got a long are butcher's knife, with which he came into the hut d stabbed Tyrell in the hip. He also made a blow another man, who, however, avoided i,t, and knock liim dawn. Information wna gived to the police, a ven a mounted constable named Flint arrived at the h hilt; ath on going "to'arrc3t Hogan, fhe'latter, who stil ces had the knife in his hand, menaced liim with it; the-constable, drawing his revolver, and-, pointing at liim, this had tlie effect of quieting him,' until was secured. Shortly after tbe occurrence, Dr. ate Roche was called up' to attend the wounded ma whom he'fonnd with an ugly wound "in his left l t between tliree and four inches in length and abo ith two inches in depth, although -not of a dangerou ' or character. Hogan was on Saturday bronght befor er Mr Jefferys, J.P.,'and remanded to Echuca on Tu ng day.—Bendigo it Jldcertiser, September 5. . ral EXTRAVAGAKCE»M NEW Souk.—The New York ge- Evening Post, calling attention to the mad extrava gance of the day, says:—"Aman builds a marbl e •table on the rear of his lot at a cost of 8,000 d and fits up a private theatre over it. Another pa o S.OOOdoL for.apair of horsee to drive on the toad ial his pleasure ; and many give from l,500dol. to 3,0 dol. for the same object. Another provides a dinn s, for a dozen friends—rejecting the old superstition et the unlucky thirteen—and this simple dinner costs l,000dol. A children's party is given in an up-tow house, where every child is clad entirely in dresse ed, imported from "Paris. An American citizen purchases a house for over 100,000dols., and tears it do ext to rebuild upon its site one yet more costly. Th are signs of the times ; arc they not evidences of e state of things unhealthful, feverish, threatening to the honest simplicity*>f our political life, and threa ening . not less evil tothe ideas and the principles which that life has-hitherto been a fair exponent ? The New York correspondent of the Boston -Journa says that all potts of manoeuvres are resorted to in by order to obtain a first- classmansion. An ex-mayo of tlie city was drawn into conversation about his residence by two ladies, and foolishly said he shou like toaee30,000dol fur it, and offered to sell it f that sum. The offer »3is snapped at direotly. Th next day it was resold forW.OOOdoL His Honor h been rendered a little, nn'qulet by this transaction Somebody has been 10,000doL the gainer out of liim He has been tnni'edinto thcstrcet.-Getting a fashion able residence lias not proved easy. - Nothing re nuiined but fhe overcrowdad Fiftli Arenac Hotel.. H is now with his family in the attic-story;' waiting somethlng-to A. turn up. to he A B AD CKOSBISG AKO. IIB RESOLTS.—RTHE building ay of bridges across Smythe's Creek in" different plac (observes our local correspondent) is become a para mduntiiece5sity> ft8evidenced by the followingaccident which .happened- on Tuesday -evening. . Tlf . •dtiverof Mr Paton's delivery ' cartj tin Jiis' j-etnr from delivering* )>ortion.«of his load At'the Devil jCitclien and same other places, came to >tlie ford BrownVpaddock and dro've into the creek^withou apprelien^on,a« l»ehad crossed tlie crefik lower dow nd. in the: earlier part .of the day in safety, ~"Howeve n had hardly reached ihe middle of tlie stream whe to his horror, be found thatthe aliaft; liorse and s <^ wereafloa^.ana, notwHhstanding' tbe efforts o W. the leading horse-to Jand pn the opposite bank, th ell, were carriid a ccyiefderabl e distance down the cre J. ubtil tliey ivere stopped by a '.tree stretclied acros Ou^Diin^.intq contact with the three,-the cart wa -turned topsyrturvy, and the shaft -horse almost im mediately drownei r The instinct of tlie leaderJed him to rest his head,ona fork of the tree. By t tree,'also, theroim, was abletosave^his life. Some ve persons.i,who. .witnessed.'the' .occurrence- and rescued both ci'an' and Shoree 1 from their ; per -' position. Amau who was ploughing in an adjoi ing e paddock and saw the driverofthe cart enter t lial jcreek,inimedi»tdyiobsed the reins by which he w Brivinfe higteam andfcame to the water's edgc,feelln l. cartain. th^ tUespi5am<Muld not be crossed witho nccidegt:; fitrfoUon and some. <three.,or four Other wentonshe^followi^da^,-toihe£^^ extricaiiiife'ttieca^i^d r o,f w!ienthcy,«amved at the spot y Wiereavaa.nothing bnt a.poiticin.'oi'tme wheel ahda rparipf ijlie; tind-^naBtera to i)>e''«eei>. -After, ^eroal ;3i.ours* ^dX0xet thejdray;«n t0thjB t^ki ineal'ier of which wouldimmedi^lyiin^'andiitiB justposaibletliit whenitiie flood ^wn ;»onie''if thein may i>e" iij 'jinten&dlorl;^ftfiiteli^ g , s AcCtoEN-r.-On Monday evening a man named Wilham Chamber, one of the three brothrartmnifoa the Indigo Craefc, mat liis death t upMtlmg of a dray, o i hii ri«d home from C.i tern. rlie dray only contaiuci! two men, an emp ot barrel and a grindstone. Tlicli-irsa tookt.-ight an k Mil - ajraiast a stuinp. T:u . je.-ic tlirew-tfu other min n^it.over Chambsrs. bat Chambers u^foitnnat&y; dropped dose tothe wheel, tlie riaveof whi rested e" on his neck. C-iambers AVRS quite dead wh his n companion got to him. The scene of the occur r rence is close to Murray's, on tlie Stockyard Cre Chambers was a free selector oa Major's Plains,— f Federal Standard, i^qgust SI. all •ASS*M.T OJJ A CossTAELr.—On Wcdnicsday nigh iite' a ruSinnly.ass.uilt was committe-1 on one of tlie po stationed at JIajorca. So serious indeed was the assault that the constable's life is in the utmost jeopardy. It appears (says tile Talbot Lcaier) that a man of the-nanie of Brewer, who some time a figured the as^one of the combatants in a prize fig Majorca, was very disorderly at the Prince of Wa Tbeitre, -jfie proprietor, m'sliirig to get rid of such unpleasant company, oUled in the policy wh atonce'took Brewer iii custody. As Soon as he and the polite were outside, Bipwcr told them .th he would go to tlie station quietly ; but immedia afterwards he turned on one ol-the constables and tly threw him to; the ground. In his decent the const stuck heavily against the kerbing, thereby receivin severe Injuries. The ruffian in turn was-thrown h thc other constable, securely handenfted, and ultimately, lodged in the lock-up. th f COOL AssciiiscE^-^One of the most impudent blackgtuird| t says thci Get'onj Advertise.-, that eve stood - iti" a;priaoner*s .dock was placed before th t, Benth j-est&dity.-; IBs" naiiic iras Thomas Allbnt -and h^Tliad 1 * most repul'sive coantenance. He w cliarge^ witfi-bt^aling'a pair of trousers from the.sho jaf Mr Myies, atthe coroner of Moora'oool an J liy y streets,and the followingis.i saaipie of.style of" h defence of and .cross-examination of the witnesses:— Mr Baker, tilecontractor—the witness who saw lii -take a tlie trousers—bavin'?' -given his evidence, wa h. cross-esaniined by the prisbnet as follows:—P n. What time was it ?•.-. Baker .- Five minutes to th Prisoner: How do you know ? Baker : I looked al see the time. Prisoner; Oh 1 Have you a watc Baker : ; 1 have. Priioner: Di i you steal i Baker r (apparently not understanding the question) Yes,.I did. (Great laughter.) Prisoner (addressing the e Bench) : There is a man to come as a witn against me says hs.stole his watcli.Mr Myles hav asked ote liim if he had any person to give him a g y character,: the prisoner coolly replied : Ho, you m , take my general appearance in support ot that. ox, (Loud applause). The principal witness forthe prosecution having; stated that the prisoner admitt g having taken the trousers because he was llungry r and had nothing to e^t, the latter re-called Consta Liddy, and asked hiin if he recollected taking him the watchhouse. Liddy replied he did. Prisoner: Did I look hungry ?• Liddy: No, you did not on Prisoner : You can go down, thaie are the only words you have uttered. Before remanding the on prisoner, the Bendi asked him if he knew from wh he bought the trousers. The prisoner, stud it w fromMr Myles. The iUyar : Jlo y-ou kn jw him Prisoner: I will when I have seen him. Tile May Well, we'll postpone the case to Monday next, to may allowMr Myles to come and prove lie sold yon e I suppose-that will satisfy you? l!ri«»ier: Oh, yes; unless Mr Myles is like all therestof the witne and swears what is not true. e ld A GHOST STORT.—The following story of a gho ld in a pair of blankets -is given by Tuesday's Tarr gowcr l»e Times:—" At half- past four o'clock on Sun day morning Sergeant Grier was aroused from li peaceful slumbers by a miner of Porcupine Flat, named Thos. Phillips, who toldthe following curio tale. He had been having a glass or two at the Brighton Hotel, and at half-past eleven he had le for home. - His tent is usually fastened by a but n On arriving home the tent was unfastened, and h he passed the threshold he saw a figure,having t med semblance of a human being, enveloped in a larg was sheet,' winch started up and extended its .arm. otel Phillips rushed back with affright, and with visio y of.supernatural agency Sitting o'et liis brain, turne to shed, rim, the figurefollowing him rapidly. In his fright e Phillips. yet had courage enough to halt an d seize an axe which lay adjacent totlieteat. He th adjured t the apparition, commanding it to speak, a receiving ng no answer, hurled tlie axe at it, and tur and fled.In.reply to the. sergeant, Phillips said h w thouglit- the figure was struck by the axe and. fe Mr it, Grier fancied from Jhe trembling and confusio . en of tlie man, that lie realy had committed murder manslaughter, and had forgedhis tale when remor and or fear prompted. Jim to give himself up. In re tort at he sergeant as to tlie time that liad elapsed si ed the acC Phillips said he had wandered distracted nd about, ?and had, vapdy, forsome timeendeavou.ed ut, to findthe oamp. It transpired afterwards that be l had paid a nocturnal visit to J. Warnock, J.P., an but to Mr Ellis, of the Kangaroo Hotel; in liis search it the police. Constables Ward and.Byrne.ivnd Puillip proceeded he to the tent of the latter. Tlie axe wa found iiv a different position to that described by . n, Phillips ; but it was also discovered that a pair iip, white blankets liad been "stolen, from the tent. T ut obvious infcience is that; an ingenious -thief was s visiting tlie tent of Phillips, and successfully adop e the ghostly device to scare his ' victim, the wliite .sheet J esbping undoubtedly one of the purloined blankets,and the-"wits of Phillips.'being perhaps somewhat obfuscated, -by his previous potations, tended toaid tlie well tkought-of. deception by . th - rascal, who doubtless chuckles hugely at the terro e occasioned by his roguery.' 1 ol., ys 