THE AMA TEUR PERFORMANCE The now po|.uI;tr opera of Victor Amadis, or The Triple Siege of a False Heart, was reproduced 011 the stage €if the Masonic Hall, on Tuesday evening, with as complete if not with more considerable success than that which attended its production, now nearly six months ago. Ou this occasion the performance was iu' aid of the B«id ami P.ize funds, of the Maldon Volunteers, and it must t* folly admitted, that the members of that distinguished, ami gallant body, animated with a worthy esprit & corps, seemed determined by their united efforts, to. make the evening's entertainments pass off with edat As regards the attendance, it is just to observe that the hall was literally overflowing, not an available si-nt being uutenanted by a member of the human family, and for those who always make it a point to come late, of course there was the usual scramble for seats, ranch _H»„ the -auuoyauce. of their punctual neighbours, and no doubt many had to con- tent themselves with seeing and hearing under difficulties. Every class of our local community was, we think, fairly represented ou the occasion, and we were glad to notice some visitors amongst us, but cannot say the same iu regard to some olive branches in maternal arms, that were iu our midst, as their occasiouat vocal powers, significant of their presence, were far from enhancing the dulcet sounds issuing from ano:her quarter, however, our sympathy was equally with the mothers, who perhaps are unavoidably obliged to to take their more tender offspring with them, whithersoever they go. The cast for the opera was, we believe, with one exception, the same as on previous occasions ; the principal characters being supported by Dr. liupferberg, Messrs. Ellar, Tate, Coo|>er and Johnson ; Mr Tate was of course the Selina of the evening, her three lovers were represented by Messrs. Kupferherg, Cooper aud Johnson, the latter being the " Mighty Conqueror," whi e the character of Papa was sustained by Mr Eilar ; Dr. K'lpferberg as Robert de Sorbon, sang with his usual success, and many of his songs narrowly escaped encores, which they so well deserved. We thought Mr Cooper iu excelieut voice, and his rendering of "Star of Love" in the first act, elicited considerable applause, iu short, all the songs that fell to his share were finely given. Of Mr Tate, it may be said that we have heard him in better voice, but any deficiency in that resjiect was readily overlooked in consequence of his inimitable acting, bis portraiture of the fair, but false Selina, ever keeping the audience iu good humour. The singiii-j of Mr Eliar was mure than acceptable, and well deserved applause accompanied his efforts. Mr. Johnson sang with his usual care, but his voice seemed very weak, and the latter remark may <qually apply to Mr. Hodges' ghost in the duett with Mr. Tate, however, remembering that it was only an amateur performance we consider that in all its details, it was more than up to the mark, aud will be glad to hail the repetition of similar efforts, and believe that if we ha-.i such musical treats ofiener, we would in many respects be benefited. " And music, too, dear music, that can charm • Beyond all else, the soul that loves it much." The opera having been concUide l, our programme informed us that, after au interval of ten minutes, there would be an instrumental and vocal melange ; aud certainly this, by no means, proved the least part of the entertainment. Mr Broughall gave that favorite song— " In this Old Chf ir," with considerable feeling. Mr T. Huuter played sum- selec- tions on the flute, which were rapturously applauded ; but the song of the night was the " &twld; Soger Boy," by Mr Tate. It is not the first, nor the huudreth time, that we have heard that rollicking composition, but we have seldom listened to it with greater Measure. Mr Ellar's " Let Me Like a S ildier Fall," was given admirably, but was it uot sung a little too last ? At this stage of the proceedings all was expectation and speculation to know what the "Grand Military Tableau" would be, aud from past experience we must say that the announcement of a military table iu always suggests to our mind something veiy grand. Therefore, when we merely see a few volunteers placed round the stage, and ordered to "'present arms," " shoulder arms," " ground arms," Ac., we aie apt to l>e greatly disappointed, aud believe that the " Grand Miiitaiy Tableau" would have been " more honored in the breach tbau the observance ;" however, no doubt it was intended to give effect to Mr Cooper's "Riflemen Form," which was an excellent song aud very well sung. By-the-bye why was the pipe sticking out of Mr C.'s waistcoat pocket t—a volunteer pipe. The screaming farce turned out to be the inevitable "Box and Cox," pretty well sustained by Messrs Fielder and Broughall; and, but to any one who has seeu Buckstone and Harley do the same parts, it is not tvy to put up with inferior acting. We believe that the remainder of the night was devoted to the pleasures of Terpsicliore, the uallet being composed of a great part of the company both behind and before the curtain. We had nearly forgotten to make honorable mention of the Volunteer "Band who played- occasionally during the evening; Acnvrry AKD DECISION.—A man,uow-a-days, must have something of the steam-engine in him. A lazv, snail-paced chap might have got on in the world fifty years ago, bat he won't do these times. We live in an age of quick ideas; men speak quick, think quick, and 6low,coaches ain't tolerated. 'Be up and dressed' always— not gaping and rubbing your eyes, as if yon were half asleep, but wide awake for whatever may turn np, and yon may be somebody before yon die. Think, plan, reflect as much as yon please {before you act; but thiuk' quickly and closely, aud when you have fixed your eyes on an object spring to the mark at once: SAD !—A bridal party awaited the train at Elmira, New York, which would bring a returning regiment The happy, richly-dressed betrothed was to marry the Colonel; but, alas 1 he came a corpse. Her anguish may be imagined. SWEET WORDS.—-Five of the sweetest words in the language begin with b, which is only a breath; home, heart hope, happiness, and heaven. Heart is a home-place; and home is a heart-place; and the man sadly mistakes who would exchange the happiness of home for anything less than heaven. A LUCRATIVE Posr VACANT.—News received from Warsaw-states that the Bassian Government is stall unable, to find an editor for the official Dziennik, although' it has offered a salary of 24,00t>£ with the post BIGHT YOU ABE PAT.—An Irishman describes' metaphysics as follows:—"Two men are talking together, and one of them is trying to explain something he don't know anything at>oat, and the other can't understand him." 