..THE ' $WÖ.BISHÍppE?.h" I .. xo :xs* Borton c» minât» . -j ,? I Sra,-EpiBOopnoy in Hs, almplsBt and primUlve form, BU oj lot td tba Obarob, and unsupported by tbs socalar power, while it bos no divine authority In the New Tost »mont, may nevortholejs ba a form of oburob govern meat, as in Amenos, in .no way objectionable,' Thoa, many of the'8wiaa divines at the Reformation, did not objeot to ,.a simple and. primitive form of episcopal government. It wes tbe pomp and on'oa of the jeoalor poser they-moat- dreaded, Considering that in this colony we:-bava no State Church-that the last sealing aot of religions'aqiallty his, been the discontinúanos of ötatt'-ild, leaving all religious bodia» .oliko to.inculcate .their! faith and rropagate their opinion!, that we have thereby severed religion from polltio.s-it becomes na tobe w-tohful, that the work sô lately done be not undone. The Bishop of Sydney has eoaroe landed after! a long abienoe from oar ehoraa, daring which period.bo ecjiyed hie fall aalpry from the people, than ho condemns tbs legislativa enaotment, wbiah bas been ratified by his mistress, the Qaeon, and announces bis hope tb'it)the hustings cry of tbe tIsolions will be "S ate. ai.4" Bgain. " He could not consider that the voioe of the country hid been beard in proper diatinotnesson thia question." We, need not «ab, eben, bow Bishop Barker will vote nest élection-what will be the qualifications of the man ha will vote for, a-id support by his clerioal in. flaonoe, and tbat of bis faithful alboreóte. TbeqaoBtion ie very narrow, very personal, very seotarian. ?' I jadgo of the man," Boys the Blibop, " only by ono test-State, old. With his politloa I have no conaorn. .His flings for legislation: I leave to other«. If he be no; trae to the moneyed interests of;my Ohnroh, I denannae him.'*. The selfishness, Slr, of the policy is miserable. He tells na " the volnnUry system will not do for bis ohnroh, even in ita modified form ; without external aid it wooli ba impossible to oarry religion into the interior." His opinion waa that tbia aid should come from th« Government ; but has he not yet distinguished that tbe Government is the people, and tbat be ia therefore, by force 'of law, exacting Ibis money from the people : a majp ity. may, indeed, rob a minority. \- {Bat we ask, how do tbe other denominations' support the spread of religion without State-aid, and yet contri- buting through the revanui to hil Church, tutie* taxed compulsory and voluntary-bare they ni griàvàuce "to complain of ? no injustice to protest against ? What will their hustings cry be ? If Ibe Episcopal Church her», with all her wealth, must descend, to each beggarly elements for eupport, then there ia something wrong ia her organisation, ber teaching, her training ; and this the Bishop of Brisbane practioally ond simply shows. While be a mply regrets the witbdrawal ef State- aid, be bowe submissively to the legislativa enactment. He rises no huttings cry of strife.;,ho easts in .no religious bitterness into the politi- cal cap, but says, like a wise man-a good man-" we muat exert ourselves ;" increased iff jr ts ate oeoeasary to provide deficiencies ; ard self-rellanoe.is his staff, and be will snooped. Even, he ssyp, if State-aid waa restored, " we would not wish il. to be applied to populous towna or diattiots ;" and then he points out the true remedy " Why abou:d nottbe children of the Sabbatb-eohoolB ba mémbers; the Young Men's Association; the members . of, tbe Bible olaaaes, be all oonnected with the Church . Soaletyf We must get ot tbe heart» of tbe whole members of oar opmmanity. They mast be interested," and he then pro- ceeds to show bow Tí], tas reached tbe working olasses by altering tbs mode of appropriating ? tbe sittings, so that one cf bis oburchea bas become tbe obnreh of the labouring classes, who bara paid for the building and supports tba clergyman, without any subscription from without." Tbia ia tbe true philosophy and Christianity of tbe question. The complaints of the Apostle James as to nob men seems to be one of tba evils of our oburob''ay af em. ' 'But onr metropolitan cravèB t-tlll for legal enactments to give legal standing to synodioal I aetion. - I lt seems to me that Bishop Barker' al'ogether forgets that the. Epiacopil Cbnroh here is a ma-e voluntary association ; that there it not a partióle of law to bold ber together ; that the bishops are mere missionary biBbopa ; that the laity are bound by no enbecript'ons, that the clergy csn change their denomination whenever they like ; that we have no Cbnroh by law establiahed here, yet tho people olicg together from force of babir, early eduottinn. or preferential choice ; and while he bolds no . legal right or power ever 100,000 individual«, yet tbey ed Here to their principle» without pain» or aaeiuUieayeti i "the oivil power. Why, then, tbs necessity of legal inter terence in synods ? Is thewhole Church . rope of aind ? Are the people utterly devoid of- all moral principle, all religious ' obligation, that they must be ooeroed by law. Surely ibis is a libel contradicted hy'every day fact. , Tbe link that bolds Christiana together ia a moral link ; otbfr religious bodies beep united, end why not Episcopalians f Are they lesa honourable, leaa eon-: eoientiousf Legislation for the security of Churob propr-rty, a« in any other corporation, is no doubt just and desirable, and would ba at once acknowledged, but to revive Star Chambers, practice hera is not at all probable, JBattbefaot 'ls tbe ' Episcopal Church : ñeeda to be adapted to her altered olreumatanoea. Aa we pay our blabopa wby should we not el ec* them, aa in the early ages ol Christianity ? Wbat need we the Seoretary of -State's seal to'- tba orthodoxy ol oar biabopa'7 . As.we pay oar olergy, why should not each congregation, as with tba Presbyterians and Ibe C ogregationaliBtn, make their own choice and their own compnotn 1 Wby should not tbe congregations form their own ohnroh out of their own bedy to govern and control ? their parish affaira inatead of delegating these things to a bishop, having a general Bynod for the body universal ? Wby not bava more liberty of aotien in publia worship, .nd not be bound down by Acts of Parliament' to ase only snob and such collects and s a oh and Buob words ? Surely thia ia rsatrioting the freedom of prayer, mtking it an ofiecoe to open tbe he-rt io God SB our feelings, our wants, and instinota would lead us to do; it looks very like quenobing the spirit and grieving the Holy Ghost. In »hort, tba Metropolitan's confession abonld lead oharahmen to seriously ponder tho whole question, and to eater upon a reorganisation of tba whole system. Unsalted as it ia ta the demooratia element ol the colony, an aristocratic obnreh is unfitted for auch a atete of society; even in England this opinion ia rapidly gaining groond. How far we want any¡hier»rohy bere al all la the ques- tion ; a simple Dean aeema to bave managed tbe oburob well enough during the long absenoe of the < higher functionary, and so with the late Arobdeaoon duriag the absence of tbe late Bishop Broughton. At ell¡eventp, let the oburob pay for tbeBB high offices and. not tne people, .." . ; - ., ; vj-, Sorely our bhbopa may be something more primitive. "Primitive bishops" says the historian ''were coo. sldered only as the firtt oj th'.ir equals atti tbe honour, able servants of a free people : whenever the episcopal oboir beosme vacant by death a new president was ohosen among the pre-byters by suffrage of tbe whole congregation, eve;y member of which supposed himself .invested with a sacred and sacerdotal obaraoter. Snob waa the. mild and equal constitution by whlon GbrlstlsOB were governed." " Every society formed within itself a separate and independent republic, although the most distant statèi maintained a mutual and friendly inter- course." v The hlatorian then prooeeda to show", how biBbopa . acquired immenee authority through Council». »o that they .changed the langnsga of exhortation into that pl command, and soatteted the seeds of future usurpations, from wbteb we may learn a lesson of caution in forming our eynod*. ; . , , ( ¡Then BB tb tba meda of eupport-In their weekly or monthly aeaemb'Iea every believer, according . to the exigeneiea of the oooasion, and the . measure of his wealth and piety,' presented his volun .fart/ ofleriog for the use of the oommon fund ; nothing, however ineomiderâble, was refused." These oblations for tho mo t part were made in- money; nor was the society of Christians either de tir out, ot capable, of so quiring the ineumbranceol landed properly. Thus, in the moat active age of tbs obarob and her puroBt dayB, abo bad nb State-aid to look to, nay, waa pereeauted and spoiled of ber goods by tbe civil power, yet she "eupportod widows and orphan», the lame, the B ok, and-the aged, oomforted strangers and pilgrims, ana alleviated the misfortunes of prisoner1) and captivea." ; But the union of oburob and state atoulariaod tie obarob, abe acquired pomp and power, and theroby loBt ber virtue. [Instead of a oburob, aa instituted in tba New Testament, she beoime an eooleaiaatical body, BomotimtB lubservient to tho state, at other timoB nrurping abbolnle authority over the secular power. Her history, from thence, became a bistcry of avarice, display, and usurpation. ". Those asp'rln; prelates soon aoqoired the lofty tillea of metropolitana and pri- mates, eeoretly prepared to usurp over their opisoopr.1 brethren the same authority which tba bisbopa bod BO lately assumed above tba oollege of Presbytern"- eaob of them »fleeting to display, in tbe moat pompous torees, tbe temporal honours and advontagea of the city over wbiah they presided. " : Thus the Blmplloity of Christianity was polluted, and instead of the followers of tho meek Saviour, tho Church outdid the world in pride, pomp, and domination. . ' ' Our interest In a newoommunity should fae- to sweep away the cobwebs of the past ages and plant our oburob in all tho simplicity and fodepondenoo of »eoular power ak in primitive times.: "Política'and the gblpèl'are« bad nBmlxtnre; an electioneering blsbop|ls no novelty; we trust, however, our metropolitan will refrain from assuming auch ? character, te» him do u'ntO'otbers as hs'would wiih .to.be donejby. This poldon rata ie parti catari; applicable to thia qaostioo. Upwards ol 00,000. voluntaries can bardi? ba expected lo patiently submit to be tioiee fleeced, onoo voluntarily, for their own oharob, and next compulsorily for |hls lordship's ohurob. . The suggestions or tbe.Biabop of Briabane point to t, remedy to adapt tbe oharob to the people, by-simplifying, I bor constitution. A ÓHUROHMANr 