EOCKHf(JHAll BAY. [From the Port Denison Times, June 2.9.1 Many conflicting reports having gained circula tion reiative to the new settlement at .Rockingham Ray, we are glad at length, by the arrival of Mr. Dalrymple in the schooner Melanie, to be in a position to give our readers authentic information concerning the port and the road to the interior. On the 15th of l1 ebruary that gentleman, accom panied by Messrs. G- M. Farquliarson and En-art and two black boys, left the settlement with five riding horses, four spare and pack horses, and rations for 14 days, and running the Rockingham Bay . range down to its south end, went round Mount Leach and struck to the W.N.W. The weather was very wet, and the party had great difficulty in making their way through the swamps which cover the country between Mount Leach and Halifax Bay. Behind the Rockingham Bay range a fine valley was discovered running down between it and the Halifax Bay coast raDge, which runs back in a W.N.W. direction; and Mr. Dalrymple here dis covered a fine new river, which he has named the Herbert, after the Colonial Secretary. This river, he states,' is as large as the Bowen, but more rapid and full of: water. It rises on the basaltic table land, and running down this valley of rich open country flows into Halifax Bay. The country on its banks above the coast swamps is said to be very rich. The party encountered much difficulty and danger tu crossing this river, it being, flooded. Mr. Dalrymple's horse and that of the black boy Cockey being turned over by the stream, their riders had to swimfor it. Mr. Dalrymple crossed the inner coast range by cutting through a good deal of scrub, and found a spur running down from the range into the Valley of Herbert suitable for a dray-road. The parly arrived at Hie Valley of Lagoons station on the 1st of March, 14 days after leaving Rockingham Bay. The country traversed between the top of the inner range and the Valley of Lagoons is described as open, sound, and ridgy, and fit for sheep or cattle. Mr. Dalrymple started from the station on his return trip on the Sth of March with the same party and others from the valley to the number of 16, three bullock-drays. 61 working bullocks. <53 fat cattle for the settlement, and 18 horses. He marked an excellent road to Rockingham Bay. by a more direct route than that by which they went up. The party arrived at the top of the first range on the 15th of March, when they camped, and commenced cutting a dray road through the scrubs, which are very dense and full of thorny vines, lawyer palms, and stinging-nettle plants. The party were camped here for three weeks, and could not communicate with Rockingham. Bay from the flooded state of the River Herbert. The road was cleared for three miles, the drays brought down the range safely, and the passage of the river was at last effected by swimming the bullocks and horses and dragging the drays over with a rope. Two drays were rolled over by the force of the current, and six of the party, who could not swim, and had gone over on them, had a narrow escape from being washed away. From the Herbert Crossing the road traverses the valley of that river in an E.S.E, direction for about IS miles along, the base of the Buckingham Bay range, through excellent open forest and ridgy country. There was more difficulty, how ever, experienced here in crossing some of the creels, which were scrubby and soft; but good crossings can be made with little trouble. At this point Mr. Dalrymple entered a peculiar low gap in the Kockingham Bay Kange, between Mount Leach, of 4,0iK) feet in height, and Mount Arthur Scott, of nearly as great an elevation. This gorge is full of scrub, and required another cutting of about a mile and a half. The party had now been a month living on plain fresh beef and water, without flonr, tea, sugar, or salt, and were unable to finish a practicable dray road through this gap without assistance. Air. Dalrymple de cided upon going into the settlement for rations and assistance, and therefore cut a bridle track J through the gap on Sunday, the 24th of April, j with Air. Farquharson, Richard Koris. Cockey and Norman, black boys, and 26 head fat cattle, and arrived at the settlement to the delight of the inhabitants, who had been perfectly ignorant of his position for two months. On calling a meeting of the inhabitants, .and re presenting to them that their assistance would open a good road from the interior at once into the port, 26 men at once cheerfully volunteered and accompanied -Mr. Dalrymple back to the raDge, and in a week cut the scrubs and sidelings of the mountains through the gap till met by the Valley of Lagoons party from the other side. The drajs were brought safely over without any difficulty : into the port The drays have since started, and were accompanied by Messrs. Scott and Dalrymple over the first range, which they crossed in perfect safety'with two tons on each dray, buslimen and spare hands accompanying them to improve the creek crossings, and cutting through the scrub of the second range for the laden drays. Mr. Dalrymple and party speak in high terms of the road, and state that at present they would rather take' drays, across both ranges twice than over Conner's Kange once, and that with an expencli-' ture of about £1,4)00 it is capable of being made far. superior to the Darling Downs : or Broad Sound Crossings. The distance from the Valley, of Lagoons to the settlement is 96 miles by the road, which is splendidly watered and passes through rich grazing country. The scrubs of the ranges and the rich alluvial flats of the Vale of Herbert and the valleys of the coast range of Rockingham Bay. are described by Mr. Dalrymple -as the best suited for the growth of sugar and cotton in Queensland. The Herbert is useless as a navigable river, from the exposure of its mouth to the open ocean and the south-east trades, and is also cut off from the back country by many miles of swamps, crossed by the party with so much difficulty. Mr. Dalrymple speaks -in the warmest terms of the manuer in which he was supported in his arduous undertaking by the men who accompanied him from the Valley of Lagoons, and also those who volunteered to assist him from Bockingliam Bay. The harbour of Kockingham Bay is stated to be the finest on the east coast of Australia—with the exception of Sydney, which only excels in point of wharfage—Kockingham Channel being completely land-locked, 25 miles in length by 2 in breadth, with soundings from 4 to 12 fathoms. The landing is rather inconvenient for boats at present, on account of a narrow mud flat; but large ships can run right in and lie in safety at low water on the soft even flat, with their bowsprits over the sandy kcscb, and land sargQ fit stock w dry laud. The town site, which is sufficient tor a large city, i runs two miles along an open beach and back two miles to the rauges, which rise very abruptly to a height of between d,000.and 4,000 feet. The soil is a dry gravel excellent for building sites, but poor | for cultivation; of the latter, however, there is abundance of the finest description in the imme diate neighbourhood. Abundance of fresh water is obtained anywhere along the beach by sinking a cask, and from small lagoons and creeks near the town, which are doubtless well supplied by the lofty ranges close behind. The scenery of Rockingham Bay is described as , very beautiful, and in some points of view even grand, and is of an uucommon description for an Australian seaport, being surrounded by pic turesque high ranges with fertile valleys, the rocky peaks and precipices of Hinchinhrooke Island forming an imposing barrier to the east. Altogether this new settlement has proved so far a complete success; and with its line harbour, good town site, country for agriculture adjoining, and a good dray road on to tiie splendid tableland of the Burdekin, Lynd, Flinders, Copperfield, Clarke, and Barkly, must soon add another flourishing seaport to what is now called the Kennedy District, but which ere long we trust to see assume that position to which it is geographi cally and otherwise physically entitled, viz., the independent colony of North-Bastern Australia. Already Messrs. Scott Brothers, Dalrymple, and Co. have'a good store and private residences, and about 20 other buildings are up or in process of erection. Mr. John Morissey is the proprietor of a comfortable hotel; Mr. John McBryde has started butchering: Mr. W. Peters lightering to vessels; and Alfred Hulbert has a bullock dray and team. The sickness at Rockingham Bay Mr. Dalrymple states to be similar to that from which the first settlers of Bowen suffered, namely, a low bilious fever, often attended with a certain amount of congestion of the liver and ague, but not the regular fever and ague of India. This sickness was worse at the clearing up of the wet season, but is now almost gone, and will probably, as in other new settlements, soon disappear altogether. The Melanie, three-masted schooner, is adver tised to sail for Rockingham Bay next week, afford ing an excellent opportunity for persons proceed ing to settle or view the new settlement; and as we understand another vessel, perliaps a steamer, will shortly follow, those who wish can return. Pkepabatmns foe. Was. — Letters received from London by the last mail mention that in military circles anil clubs the recall of Sir Hugh Rose was confidently spoken of to take the command-in-cliief of the British forces on the Con tinent iu case of England being engaged in a great ' war, and surmises were even ventured upon as to the present Commander-in-Chief's successor in India. There can be little dispute that in the cveut of England being drawn into a Continental war Sir Hugh Rose would be looked to by the nation as the man among the long list of general officers of the British army for whose military ability and strategic genius England holds the best guarantee in the occurrences of the past and the brightest promise in the future. Pitiful to say, there is not now, that we are aware of, a single distinguished military name which suggests itself in the British Army List as fitting the holder the post indicated in such an emergency except that of Sir Hugh Rose; and should war burst out in Europe, and England be unfortunately involved in it, wc shall be surprised if the Commander in-Chief's immediate recall should not be the first item of telegraphic intelligence transmitted from Galle or Bombay. The majority of the sur mises as to Sir Hugh Rose's successor, in case of his being recalled, pointed preponderatingly, when the mail left London, in favour of General Cameron, now commanding the British force engaged in hostilities against the New Zealand tribes, who, it is believed in England, would at once come to India in case of peace being: restored . in New Zealand; or that not being accomplished, as soon as he should deem his presence in that country no longer necessary. Of course these two appointments, pending England being engaged in > a~ great continental war, were only matters of gossip and surmise when the last mailleftLondon; i but still, every person acquainted with the military history of England for the last 10 years will feel that, even if tbey -were only guesses, they were very likely, indeed, to turn out lackyhits in the way of vaticination. General Cameron is a first class soldier, with great Crimean and other military experience; and. from all we hear of him, would most probably be a highly useful and popular Commander- in-Chief in India; and should Sir Hugh Rose leave us for the higher destiny assigned to him by rumour, we cannot see where a more worthy successor to his elevated position can be found in the British, army. — Bengal Hurlcaru. Gouxbubn.—An old South Australian, now living at Goulburn, in New South Wales, writes as follows, under date of July 19:—"In the paper forwarded with this you will see that our city emulate Eapunda and the Burra. The citizens will not have a Corporation. They had one, but it was found to be unworkable from some infor mality or blunder. I believe it might have been worked well enough; but the rates collected were squandered in enormous salaries and very doubtful improvements. People, under such circumstances, have a great objection to pay any rates at all; hence, we are not quite up to our necks in mud, but in a fair way of being so. The principal street is a perfect quagmire, like An gas-street was some 15 years ago. You manage these things better in South Australia, baiting those places above mentioned; yet Goulburn was a town long before Adelaide was thought of. It is the capital of the Southern Districts, sends a member to Parliament, is the see of a Bishop, and by royal letters patent is designated a city. I am happy to say that the late floods have done comparatively small damage in this neighbour hood; but in many places tbey have occasioned most serious loss. Persons at a distance can scarcely form an idea of the rain,, distress, and desolation now existing. Suffering from a series of bad harvests, and devastated now by sweeping floods, we have a tale of real misery to telL Many a prosperous family is now reduced to beggary: the results of the labour and industry of many old settlers as well as of beginners have been swept off in an hour, and in many instances whole families have escaped only with their lives, while in sevcial cases even life itself has been lost. Energetic efforts are being put forth in Sydney and other places to mitigate the wide- spread distress, and many noble contributions have been given. Providence smiled on South Australia last year; her bountiful harvest was .enhanced to her by the scarcity here. Cannot you help us? Surely our condition entitles us to expect your pity and sympathy. We have been and are now de pendent on you for bread, which every man a few weeks ago could have honestly and cheerfully, paid for; but how different uow. Collections are being made in ail the churches, Belief Committees are organized in every place, musical and theatrical, entertainments are being given in aid. and every means is being used to relieve and comfort the unfortunate. Now, could not South Australia take the opportunity of doing a graceful and noble action! such as the Americans performed, so recently on the occasion of the Lancashire distress. Since commencing this we have the waters coming down again, and this afternoon families have been taken out of their houses by the boat,' as they were' a few weeks since. I fear we shall- hear sad ac counts from below. The land had got into work able order again, and numbers were indulging hopes which are again blighted! am afraid.': - Our correspondent referring to our leader with respect to the acquittal of Frank Gardiner as indicative of the moral degradation of the inhabitants of New South Wales, states that though our facte-were true, our inferences were totally incorrect, andonr remarks required large qualification. Hie says:— " My experience tells me that a large proportion of those attending the Criminal Courts here forma very poor and unworthy sample of the people, and you may rely upon it that all of Gardiner's friends who dared to present themselves at the trial were there, which mil to a great extent account for what you so strongly reprobate.- It is this section of the community—not the people—who sympa thize with and honour such villains. This I know— ! have not met with an individual yet who has riot expressed himself as hearlily glad that so notorious an offender has been overtaken at last. - The < reports, too, of the criminal proceedings will most satisfactorily show in what way the sympathies of L the people run. When cases are properly got up,. justice is not often unsupported by the verdicts of the Juries. Gardiner himself knows this to lus sorrow, as, in the fellow case to. that on which you - write so strongly, he bas been found guilty on the second count, and sentenced to 15 years' imprison ment. In this case, he challenged 16 Jurymen; ' while only four were challenged bv the Crown, arid ' iur three went into the box; as the panel of these four three i .. had teen exhausted. On two other charges, to . which he pleaded guilty, he has been sentenced to 17 years'penal servitude, making 32 in all. Give the devil his due; we are quite.-bad enough here; > do not blacken us more than we deserve," , , South Sea Island Jjaboueebs in Queensland.—The Health Officer (Dr. Hobbs) visited the schooner Uncle Tom on Thursday, for the purpose of examining -the sanitary condition of • that vessel. On bis return to Brisbane wew ere furnished kindly by him with the following par- ; ticulars:—"The schooner Uncle Tom, 166 tons,, Captain Leonard, left Tanna (one of,the New Hebrides) on the 17th June, and arrived in Moreton Bay on the 5th instant, with 54natives of - the South Sea Islands,imported for Captain Towns's cotton plantation on the Logan Biver. Of this number 26 are from the Sandwich Islands, 23 from Slier or Three Hills, and five from Tanna. - They are principally young men—healthy, able-bodied, and remarkably clean in their appearance. During the voyage there was no sickness among them. The vessel received a clean bill of health, and in a few days they will be conveyed by steamer to Captain Towns's plantations. It willhe remembered tbat some 11 months ago Captain Towns intro duced a similar number of the islanders by the Don Juan. These men were under ah engagement for 12 months, at the' termination of which-they' are to be sent back to . their native islands in the South Pacific. In the event of any of them wishing to return to Queensland, they will be required to enter into an -engagement to work for five years, and will be allowed to bring their-' wives and families with them. We. understand tbae the vessel which conveys, them hence will cruise among the islands for some time, to afford those who may be desirous of returning an opportunity of doing so."—Queensland Times,1 July 9. - Attempt to Blow xtp'a. Fedekal Ship; —The JYeic York Ximes thus- describes"a daring attempt to blow.up a Federal armed steamer:—' "At a quarter to 10 o'clock on Tuesday^ AprHlO, while the Wabash was at anchor off Charleston Bar, the moon being but slightly obscured by clouds, a rebel torpedo-boat was distinctly seen about a hundred yards astern approaching: the ship's starboard quarter against wind and tide. The peculiar whale-backed shape of the object,, with the small hatch amidships, was easily dis tinguished, as was the break of the wateruponlier sides, and left no doubt. of the nature of the visitant. The alarm was instantly given, and the muBkets of the lookouts were fired at the enemy,. while the broadside guns were being trained upon liim. Finding himself discovered the enemy,-now abreast of the mizenmast, and. some 70 yards distant, turned in his course and made straight for the ship. The cable, however, had now: been slipped, and the word given to the engineer to "Go ahead" Rapid discharges -from the 9-inch guns, with solid shot_ dashing, into the water all around him, again caused him to steer for the counter, hoping to 'pat into operation the same tactics that had been so successful in the case of the. Housatonic; but the motion of the propeller hereabout-kept him offi and he was seen to pass across the wake of the ship. At this point he was so near that those who had only come upon deck at the giving of the alarm now saw him so plainly as to leave no doubt in their minds of his true character. The ship was kept under weigh in a circle until her consorts, the Canandaigna and the Flag, warned by her gum iutd signals, came tq bet assistance. Tbe people of the Flag saw nothing In the water; bn the ward-room officers of the Canandaigna are confident that they saw and fired into that or another torpedo-boat, as well as the buoy "of the Wabash's anchor. The officer of the deck at the time of this occurrence was by no means a novice in the matter of torpedoes, having made their acquaintance in February last, when tbeHousa tonic was destroyed." Preventing Incrustation in Steam Boilers.—Mi- W. C. Page has put forward an invention which is to prevent the sedimentary deposits in steam-boilers from forming a hard crust at the bottom aud sides, and also to remove such incrustations when formed. To this end he employs a solution prepared by heating together, in an iron pot, creasote, or any vegetable, animal, or mineral oil, with chloride of ammonium, car bonate of soda, caustic soda, or potash, or any soluble chloride of carbonate, in the proportion of about 16 ounces of creasote to one ounce of the other alkalies mentioned. The solution thus pre pared is introduced into the boiler through the feed-pipe or otherwise; about one pint to each horse-power being sufficient for about eight weeks, at the end of this time the boiler is blown off from the bottom, and fresh solution added. Aitercon tinuous working for some months, the only opera tion necessary is to blow off the boiler and remove the sediment by hand. When the incrustation has already formed, the solution is introduced into the boiler; it is then put into use for two or three weeks, and the deposit; which was hard before; can now easily be removed by hand. The com position may be made either liquid or solid. Ludicrous Circumstance at . the Mabket Drayton Theatre, Shropshire, in 180L—In an old periodical of this date; ' which I picked up at an old book-stall, is the following humorous story, which appears at the time to have been duly authenticated. It runs thus;—" A ludicrous circumstance lately occurred at the Market Drayton Theatre. The company were performing 'Pizarro,' when, during the hymn to the sun, the lights being placed too near to the transparent scene of that luminary, it unfortu nately took fire! The manager, who was officiating as high priest, just after singing the words 'O power supreme!' observed the mishap, and in the utmost consternation shouted out to the stage keeper, 'The sun's on fire!! Still, however, he proceeded with the hymn, and again, after the words before quoted, the poor manager frantically exclaimed, 'Gracious, man, put out the sun! don t I tell you it's on fire.' The sun, howevet con tinued to blaze, aud tbe manager to alternately sing, and even swear, till the audience, notwith standing their own fears, were literally convulsed " with laughter. The sun, however, was ultimately extinguished, and the play proceeded."—Another writer adds;—"The late theatrical accident in Shropshire is not the first instance of a manager being scorched by a flume of his own kindling. During the time of Mr. Garrick's performance in Goodman's Fields the stage rose so much from the lamps to the back scenery that it was very difficult for a performer to walk properlyonit, and unfortu nately it was then the custom to introduce their ghosts (in the play of * Hamlet' in a complete suit not of gilt leather—but of real armour. The dress for this august personage was one night, in honour of Mr. Garrick's Hamlet; borrowed from the Tower, and was consequently rather too ponderous for the royal Dane. The moment, therefore, that he was put at the trap-door, unable to keep his balance, he rolled down the stage to the lamps, which catching the feather in his helmet the ghost seemed m danger of being consumed by mortal fires, till a gentleman roared out from the pit, 'Help! help'! the lamps have caught the cask of your spirits, and, If the iron hoops fly, the house will be in a blazer She com-" motion may be easily imagined. The curtain dropped, and the affrighted attendants ran-on the stage, carried off the ghost, and quenched the. fire by laying him in a tub of water."—Skreicsotuu Chronicle. Notes.—A false gem—A strata-gem. "Open to conviction"—A criminal at the Assizes. Woman's mission—To get a husband as soon as possible. To tbe advocate of the eariynrioring movement—Shut up! Needlework—The "work performed by' thie- mariner's compass.'-' Hobbery from the person—Stealing a kiss from a. youruz lady. The worst sell of all—The. condemned cell at Newgate. 1 . ■ The Mathew Batterv.—This .is -a. battery for. ships and forts recently patented by John Mathew, 1£sq., of Barnet, Herts, late captain in the Leicestershire Militia. The invention, 'as adapted to forts, consists in an iron tower, encased in masonry or otherwise, withquartera for gunners and magazine, covered, by the glacis. The tower is opened at the top, and has within its movable turret placed on a platform-of the -full circuit thereof, with an iron-cased-roof. Guns are placed on a turntable within, the turret, which, by suitable mechanical power, are raised to the low! oF the tower, and, after being discharged, lowered again within the tower to be reloaded; whereby' the gunners and guns will be effectually protected from the enemy's fire. By means of the turntable the heaviest guns can be easily managed, so as to fire in any direction required; and as they can be directed from within'the turret only so many gu nners as may be required to lay the gun when raised for use will be in any degree ex Eosed to die fixe of the enemy. ' It. may e applied to an ordinary battery, by raising the guns to fire over the parapet and lowering them, to reload; each gun is to be onaseparate platform, protected by an iron-cased roof._Tfie invention can also he applied to iron-cased shuts of war or ordinary vessels, where the turret will be raised so far above the deck as may be necessary to discharge the guns., This battery, it is presumed, will be a very difficult object for aft enemy to aim at, being only visible during the.laying of the gun, while by means of the turntable' platform'the guns are quickly brought to liear on an enemy. "Tem porary possession would not enable the enemy to spike or overthrow the gun, neither could they penetrate into' the tower when the roof was lowered. • Fitted' on 'board ship, when' Pot in action,' the turret is down on a level withthe deck; - land consequently does, not raisethe centre :of * gravity, of the ship, and causeherto.betqp-heavy, thus diminishing resistance and giving "greater, speed, with equal stability; to toe ship.' The character and armament of toe ship would be with: difficulty axriyed at by the enemy. ss the tower being down, would, upto the,momentof action,he invisible. The Danes.—PeoplebreaM^t^iu»% dine at three, and snp at ten, on retuihinc from , the theatre or the public gardens. Boiq> foIIows_ the fish, and smoked ^salmon is served up with meat; Tea is takento breakfast—milkatisnpper.' Tlie theatre opens at five aaddoses at nine. ..The: . hours for dinner and theatre, albeit denounced by , M. de Flaux asla cenhuy hehihdban<l,'are in1 reality the best adapted tfor fhfe preservation ofo health and longevity, Tim :cdebrated .equestrian1, Bentz, who, with" his company, > is at y&nna; in- . winter, spends the summer in the north,-and mom" especially in Copenhagen, whose Snhabitanta aro1 especially partial to horsemanship. fHie Court ; attend , these circuses with the eimplicity-of; citizens. The loyalty and probity of. the ,Danes.ia; proverbial. M.aeFJaux,a Bomanist^rays—"Bis marvellous toseeinhow" short a time Prbtes-: tanidsm has subdued And moralized thenu^ The coasts of Zeeland andthe archipelago were of yore ,■ the repairs of bandits. Tile hardy natives despised - agriculture, and devoted themselves'wholly to fishing " ana piracy. ' Every man was a wrecker,' even thebishopat their head. There is howpeitber ' burglar, highwayman, npr wrecker inthe land.: If there is a thief, ten to one he is an alien. Every where marshes "mid forests are giving way to fat pastures and magnificent cropsf The people haw ; to come down from the hills, whence toeyueedta watch the storm-tossed ships as their proxftnate prey, and have gathered together in villages and in ? towns; The comfort and cleanliness of a DamSh" cottage can only find its rival in _ England.". Thn' people .have alto becomeas calmand^as paraficaa • once theywere torbulent.and bellicose- - In twut; public' gardens, their markets;, or even uuar taverns, snch'a thing as'a quarrel orarowja almost unheard oL—Colbwrrts iVcw" MOQ&⁢'L Magazine. j ■ t• j ■ Chain totte Bobbins."-—Every, one knows that oldgir Bobert Peehfathernftbelate < Prime Minister of England, .and Tgmndlatoer of the present baronet, madehis money by cotton spinning. In tbe early part of his Career Msbasi hesswashot remarkably extensive, but suddenly he made a tremendous start,, and'isoon, distanced, r all his rivals.. He grew immensely rich, as we all, know, butwe'ddnot allkhow'the lucky accident', towluchhewasindehted forhisenbriaous wealth." In the early days of the cotton- spiuniug machinery " a great deal of trouble useit to he cansed, hy filar mentsof cotton'adhering.tothe Jbabhina nrta which then formed portio&s; of loomi *" These ! ments accumulatlng soon clqggedthe wheels' other partsof the machinery,' shd reritk^™. it necessary that. they; should be cleaned, which involved frequent stoppages and .mug loss- of time; The great desideratum t find out some plan or preventing ■thls'wiggin by,the cotton, and Sir Bobert, or Mr.-iPeel?bftJfe n as men, spent vast stuns in experjments.'iie' employed some of the ablest ■ raachinistain the - kingdom—among 'them James Wati—tm'6 fchg geited' various ^corrections; but spite'icit all'lthtey^ could do the.in convenience remained, ther-"-—"■ would ndbereto thp bobbins, and the evilapt to lie insurmountable. Of course, these .del seriously affected the wages Ofthedpefatives,'i . ou Saturdays generally tame short' in pieportibn to the stoppages during tiie previous days..? It wasi noticed, however, that one man always drew.his.. full.pay, his wort was always accomplished^ : fact, prsloom "neverhad to stop, while evfetydUifJ" in the factory was idle-. ^ Mri Peel was informed Of tlxis, and knew there musthe-a; secret eojuewitete; It was important that it idhpuld-, be dtscpyered if possible The man was wntchetL wt fdl to ;no, purpose; his fellow-workmen' tried to, "pump" him, but they'could-not'; atldstMr. Peel sent for .the man:, intohis'; private - office.. . He was a rougk lrmcaahire man, , unable -to.— or write—little better, indeed, thauamere r overlooker, tells me yoni bobbins are always cfami is thatsof' "Ee's, master; 'itbe." ''WelLPick,, how -do yon manageitt have you anybbiectidn "in let me knowt'?^Why,M3Bter Pill, 'tboa saortbf > secret loike, ye see, and if oitoki.Cothere kJiow^s much as oi, repliedBipk, with s canning,griB. ', "Of conrse- Dicfc Fllfflve jmiismhethingtfyou'll. tellinei and if yuu can make all the loonifi inthe ' factory work as Smooth SS yours.'* :"£v"ryibne*n them, Master Pill." Welt what shah Igrveyonf Name your price; Dick,,midlet me ,have your secret. ' Dick'grinned, scratched ana shook his great head,- -aud'hbuffledfora.few' xmnuteB, whilo1 Mr. Peel finxiausly awaited his reply. Thebotton: lord -thought Ins servant - WQuldprobably -aak-s, hundred pounds or so, which he would mpstwil lingly have given him. Presently Dick said."Well : Master Pill, Fll tel'ee all about it,' if jptfil 'give . me a quart !o"beer aday asiong JisTm injure mills; ypu'll save rtbatidmn!tj::lfc- Peel rather thought he should, and quickly agreed to the. tetms.' " You shall -have Jt_I)ick; 'apdJbMf a* gallon every Sunday into the "bargain.' ' Well, then,". saidDick, hrst lo(dcingcautionSly around to see that nooue was near—"This at he,'? and putting his lips close to Mr. Peel'seat he whis pered, "Chalk your bobbins>7. That indeed was , the great secret. Dick had been in the habit '(if furtively chsdkinghis bobbins, which simple con- 1 trivance had effectually prevented the' adhesion of, the cotton.. As the bobbins were .white, ..the , chalking escaped, detection. . Mr. Peer was a - sagacious man, andsawthrough the affairat a ' stance.' He at'once patented the invention; had chalking" machinery contrived, and soon took - the lead in the cotton-spinning department This was the foundation' of his princely fortune.' It is . bntright to add that he pensionedDickhand somely. -aaentific American: - Printed and published every Priday and Saturday morning % WILLIAM KtfFIN THOMAS, at the office of* the Adelaide Observer. Grenfell-street, " Adelaide, South Australia, where orders, advertise* meats, and cwaauffications wj receded, 