SOUTH AUSTRALIA Adelaide, 19th January. It has been resolved by the Government to form two crossings over die Murray—fine at Thompson's and one at Wellington. The fares for crossing will also be increased. It is stated in this morning's Advertiser that M^ Hughes, one of the proprietors of the Moonta Copper {fines, will shortly leave for England. The BevsiSHr Waterford, Mr Cope, and Mr Hill sailed from here, on board the Ant, on Sunday afternoon, for Guichen Bay, en route for Melbourne, to attend the Conference there. They reached Guichen Bay on Monday eveuing, and will go on' tn""MeTbburne on Wednesday. The Rev Mr Waterhouse (?) remains behind. The demand for wheat 'is in "excess of the supply. Sales have been made to-asy at 4s 6d. Floor is advancing, and sales were made to-day sstjfill ]5ato£lS 10f. Messrs Townsend and Co offered, by auction, to-day, die cargo, of teas ex Tuisita&ias;, bąt tbęy did not succeed in placing a single package. The Sir John Burgoyne sails for Melbourne, under steam, on Wednesday. Messrs L. E. Tiirekeld and Co offered, by auction, to-day, the balance ot tbe cargo of Maoritias sugars, ex Kate, and sold about sixty tons at current rates. A quantity of ale, in bulk, ms also offered at auction, but wilhout showing any improvement in prices. Sugars are in full supply, and the tęąde is not inclined to speculate. The Assembly agreed this afternoon to a duty of 3d per lb on hops, and fid per bushel on inslt. Government has abandoned the proposed increase in doty on tobacco. Arrived: The Prince of Wales, from Manilla- She epbke, on 19th December, Dundee, for Melbourne ; eh 13th January, Mediator, from Melbourne to £«<>ndon, off the port of Bass's Str&iU.; Bone, French barqne, from Bonrbon, with 12,14? bags of sugar, and 2S85 empty mata. It is said that the Ballaiat Company at Taradale, afier fifteen months' work have bottomed. Ttey have strnii drift calculated to yield 4 ozs per" fon. The shaft is 225 deep, and lately the basaltic rock through which they Lave penetrated, has been so hard, that it has cost JClL per foot to excavate it. We also hear that nearly all the tę&neUgd;' ground around Taradale is yieldinĘ v^—Dm fleffcrrd Evprm. DisTEEssnrc OOCUHEEKCE IN PITT STREET— DEATH OF MB ISAAC NATHAX.—A fatal AND most distressing casual ij, whicb resulted in tiie death of Mr Isaac "NatharT, occorred yesterday afternoon on the tramway, in Pitt street, at its intersection with Gonlburn e^neet. The circumstaneesof tHs deplorable aeddent^re stated to be as follows :—Mr Nathaę wa? s passenger by No 3 tramway car, which' at about five o'clock yesterday afternoon was going &itt; «tneet in the direction of the BedCem railway terminus. At about that hour the car was stopped at the corner of Qoalbora etaoet, wheps a number of its occupants got out—some of tiięmby the front of the vehicle and others at the back of it. Mr Jfathan, who lived at No. 442 Kit street, ®, few yardta fdistaot, alibied from the car at the •ou£hem ^d, but before he had got dear, of the rails the car jnoved onwards and the deceased gentleman was unhappily crushed beneath opę of its wheels. & Is skid that eUier an -setting out or in faying to avoid the car, Mr Katban grasped hohinf tiie railing in'front nf it, and. he,; was tbns whirled round by tŁe sudden motion^ of the camageand Ids body was brought on der tiie fiont-wneeL The wheel did not actually pass'ovtr llr Stóian, bnt *as dragged on to bis body, crushing his ba^k and shonider in a frightful manner." Tbe nn fortunate gentleman dudtdmoit iriźtantJj^ " He was removed to hia residence, whera Dt. Q^rles Nathan. of MacqaJirie aiitfj,' fflppfyed'ii son), *nd Dr Walker wieresoon jjLenjiwinattfpdspce, thongb, as it is nndastood, not brforelife vras extinct. It is obijau^jriojłtdidasa to łiccauiunce an otanioii as to the' cęlpahjliły or oth^rwise of the persmu in dwje of ttie tram car; that imtter,danbtle8s, Trill receive carrful con^Seration "from tihe coro - net's juiy^ which will be etepaohellai 'to "mqnire into the circumstances of misfortune. Afr-Kathan was in'tbe. E^fiSr^finnth year iSTJm agt. "fifeL*aś wicWy known and; heardiff^mwy wiflisincere ^r^'s^liad in the cohwy for a nmnbpr of-yeors.'and he for some time diinlt at Bandiridc Temoviiig ioiaąiat»tesi3ąuxpt"Be vuki accoi^^irtjmnwoan, jsn^ ^ is vr^) known,, ha twslj^^m^wnductari£ jtbejiffiansM to settle' in tinscolony, achieved a Bnropean reputation. " Tits : innMsrttołŁejaAtBWłMSodieiof ŁordByron «ns &omtbapcii;«fiJnst3aent^com)>oser, and be was also the author of a wajit PD tbE tbeoiT* of imi^^SCr'SS^^sl^ii^posifinn -qas'a."' p^ce enbfled A SiMrg of Freedom,''* «f which,-it maybe menbaDed,'*was s£l]Ł^upt^i; Lis Excellency Sir John Young to ber Uajssir Queea.—g . M. fbrM, January Mr J. HodgŁanson, of Emu Creek, has some fine wheat growinff on his item irom seed brought by£|r K. Barry, from the £dnbiim of 1862, uddistdbnted bythe Board of Agriculture, tbroggh"tie varionsAgricultnralSocietjes, to the farmers throughout die colony. It is of the -variety called Russian Wheat, and yields S3 bnsljąls to die acre. " WeLave seen a Gample of this wheat, forwarded by Mr Hods* Łinson to Mr Oasey.-presidentto theBendlgo Agricultural and Horticultural Society. At first sight it looks like bailey, with, its thick bristly beaid." The" Russian -wheat evidently eeetns quite acclimatised.—Bauhgo Aivstua.. Acuriorts and not Tery creditable proceeding has occurred at a silting of the Essen don Borough Council. The Municipal Set deEnfe" hbw cheques shall be signed,and the finauaal bust uess of the Council has hitherto beenponducted onderit. Bnt recently, iiateąd of adhering to the usual three' siguatares, a resolution was passed, 'without sotipe. ^hat all the Council should sign them, the object being apparently thereby in affectthe purchase of a piece of laud Stoma. Mr Evans! At die subsequent meeting of tie CooucQj^hela oh Monday last, Mr liPGracken, one of the Councillors mot present at the transaction, gave notice of a protest, declaratory of ttee.^lksdlity of .the" proceeding. The Suez Canal is becoming a formidable nuisance. It bindera the geowth of Egyptian cotton, ani£ consequently, the prosperity of the Egyptian labourers. The cotton pays splendidly and all the labourers wish to work at it ; bnt tiie . bnezfanatics - - insist on l&eir; 20,000 labourers, 4,000 acres last year in cotton, is nod to have planted J9,000this, and to have offered to supply the people gratuitously with seed, and be hopes next year -mil see 70,000 to 100,000 acres tmder cultivation.— Spectator. A curious mail bag robbety took place recently in Yorkshire. The postmaster of Soutii Cave, after leaving the office unguarded for—as he ays —donly afewmoments, 0n his retom found the mail bsggone. It wa» afterwards fonnd, minus a letter containing cheques to die amount of £750, which tdtimately reached its destination with the greater portion of its contents. A niecę of tąe postmaster's wife, who was said to have been seen liioking in at the window of the office, and who attempted subsequently by a clnmsy device to cash one of the missing cheques, -was arrested, bat considerable ląystery hangs over the affair Spectator, The trade of India, iexcltisive of the .Straits, -which belong to it only because it is convenient to pay for that bonded warehouse of Asia, out of Inoian-rerenoe, last year exceeded a hundred millions. . In 16L3 the Court of Directors, whose successors still £11 the Indian Council, proved to ą demonstration, that the trade could never exceed two millions and signed thatit wouldbe less even than that; unless they kept therr monopoly. It is very little now to what it ought to be. If tiie average of imports rose to the level only of those of Ceylon, that branch of trade alone would be ^150,000,000. Then is not the slightest reason" why, if only the toadsi are made, the canals cut, and the tea and cotton planters allowed to occupy the waste lands, the trade of India dtould not rise toi300,Q00,000.—Spectator. A tavern-keeper's bill has lately come to light at Newbuiyport, in -which a breakfast of coffee, arid ninety-four bowls of punch flip, etc., are charged to a company of half-a-dozen old Puritans, yho met September 26th, 1765, to talk about tlie "Great "University and Tumult on Occasion of the Stamp Act," The last idea of Pans is a plan in alto reliero of the whole of Europe, not in maps or models but adnally raised out of the ground- A garden is to be set aside fur the model'er, who, takin» " Mmnt Blanc, fifteen feet iigij, as his point de depart, is to raise in just proportion around it tiie rest of the mountains of Europe, pour the seas into their proper places, and intersect the whole with toads, canals, railways, and telegraphs. A steam engine is to.act the part of tbenoon,«nd fegidate the tides. It will be a gęogtapliical garden, where ' he who runs may read.''-' One of the most shocking accidents it has been <nr piinful duty to record, took place yesterdiy afternoon, at Blind Creek, near Eidd's Gully. A woman, the wife of an an Italian named Fidalo de Carlo, left her hut for a few mwńtet, and before ehe had tame to return, it was amass of flames, and her three children were burnt to death. One child, aged two and a half yeara, was discovered clinging to the door, ai if it having been vainly endeavouring to get it tpen. The second child was found close by her «ide, while the third, an infant of six months 1 old, was fonnd literally burnt to ashes, with itz head severed from its body. The but was scarcely a quarter of an boar burning, but the children could not be got at till the flames were sumewhat subdued. The fire is supposed to have orginated from an' oven, which the mother bad been beating for "the. porposę of baking bread. An inquest will beheld to.-d»y. —Daglesfitrd Express. Jad nary IS. THE " CHAMBER OF DEAIH."—Perhaps no public man has the courage to send to the Chamber of death, as it is nailed by tiie Tima office, and ask the editor to let him have a look at lus " Life." Sometimes, however, -these "laves" appear before the breath is out of their body, as recently occurred in the case of hard Clyde. The Varus takes great care abont these matters. Some years ago a report was brought to the office ai eleven o'clock at night that Lord John Russell was dead. Mr Walter, who goes to the office much more frequently than is supposed, happennd to be there. A consnltatioo immediately took pUce with writers and editors, and a eentletaen of fact and experience was sent off in the middle of the eight to Chesfaani -place to inquire ink) the truth or talsehood of the report. He soon disenvered that it arose out of exaggerated reports nf a slight indisposition, which bad been magnified into thp dcaJth of die noble Lord ; but, <>hort as was his absence from the office, id tibe interim ample ioeans liad been taken to meet the. emergency—tlie fata casket bad been opened, tiie record of a life which would form in iteeJF oo unimportant chapter in the'bistory of the country, was displayed, $nd an army. of biographers, editors and printers, were prepaiedto raise the ghost of the d^paite^ noblonan,jand fix thenictnre at «ita frames before Via morning,Jight hs3 <iawn in npon tlie sleepers of London. " When the messenger had returned, and it. wm found that the int^ligence -was fUse, the memoir /Was ż&ęoatigned, b3. itB resting place in the casket, the Chamber of Death dosed, |be rgected column replaced, and,t3se worid was informed that the Timet wasrejpięęd to be able to datetiiat the ramur a£ tbe. iiiaem -of so distingnishend a nobleman was wholly ^witfaont fbimdntion.— Court JournaL ~ ' """ '•":' Air ESJEITYTO AKE.—AJcomspoadent. writ ingfromAlbjon Park.fiaysImoetmectirin another curious littie ćreatore. It has never, to rayreconection,beenjioliced. Itisottliespiiler family, bat in shape it resentfrfes i&e; common bed bug, bnt much laiger. TSbe, manner in whiiŁ u takes its prqr .is i most singular. -The ant appeacs to be Une g»u9mi^ptEy. The-^cta are perfectly well aware ofit,as I have frequently tried to get them to crass tbe snare, butit waa of noose. HuBoatsneselects'a placc,^enerallyst theroat ofatreethathas beenbliown-iip. It .makes a hole hole, about three indies round land abont two indies deep, working the jpronnd as fine as powder- .• Ja loebngat the hole Uputs yon in izmid of so ^g^lasa—that i% it is the same shape, going to a point' at'g)* Ibottofli. ^jĄtnediaicly »n ant Or prtŁer sinaJl insect .nana ^GraKKiitnypartorAKCTtłe oflLgli'na^fjiBfpgf^ ^whieff^ jseaetpd^mediatdy at,tńe Jaottom, wańc^jo finely xnade eairth, —ihtovapg it np pefpendimlariy, like » aAale -blowing.' H^oonaejnenoe i>,-4&atvw;^fast*s4tj tkrows the earth from the bottom, the vacuum mast be'fiUed ig) 'tnM.^j^jade, włiićh CODSC- ^naiUyjraps running down as fast ashe£roin . . . „ . w up, . Theant^not _ awe to .gd; np,^^ js Ispn^it down ł^ the botte^n, nnd then devoured, i IIlsialfawrfŁfr * clever contrivance in tŁił osa- ihns."— pmpirt, Januaiy 9. ACOBE FOR StrK-STHOKK—A OIRTE^pondent informs us that a teaspounfttl of carbonate of soda dissolved in a glass of brandy with-a tumbler of water, and taken internally, is a specific in «assa of coup de toad. The patient should lie on lus back in a dark room for two or three days, and eat bnt little.—il. A. Mail. ' We are infonned that a shatt of aome sixty feet has been put down at Gkmlyon, near the junction of the ilalmsbuty and Woodesid roadi. The sinking hitherto has beefiUtriiqgh Łani rock. Operations are etill being earned on, ąnd hopes axe enteitained of -finding gold in tft&t; neighborhood . —Daybesivrd Express. * BLVCK AMI WHITE.—^Xlie E3ng of Dahomey is expected at St, BetErrt»urg on a visit to the Emperor" of' Russia. After a short ..aojotun with Alexander the Second, bis sable Majesty wili proceed to Wilna, and stay some time with General Mooravie^ in order to witness the butcheries which ate going on in Poland. —London PimA. THE FUI CROP.—THE £ax crop of the United States this year will be laqger than ever before raised in this country, and inquiries are made as ' to the be$t mode of disposing of it. One of onr exchanges advises the fanner^ aftertbrashing out the s^d, to stack the etraw c are fully, protect the stacks with boards, oi; a good thatch; and await the coming of cnstoineia, who wiil appear between this and tiusxQose^T the year. It is important that the stzsnr- be kept dry, otherwise it will rot, and the fibreiie destroyed- From present appearances there is no dnubt that thsre wiU be demandfor«ve^ton serve their straw in good canditaonT 'Jhe preparation of fibre had better be left forthose who make that their special business. In view, of the increasing importance of H**- -consequent upon the fmaneqsion ot cotton growing, we advise our inventive reao«c to .examine and see if they cannot produce improrcoiuiis in dressing machinery. The field for this class inventions" seems to be a good one.— Scientific American. 