A ca&PCSB; FROM THE HISTORY OF J tue. F UTI? BE. THE Confederates haring put down the Federal, BebeHion, the American people had time t<> look mund them, and con- sider how tiley could bert reform institu- tions which bad worked somewhat im- perfect] j. Hie executions of Butler and of James Gordon Bennett aad tended to conciliate all parties, and the work of restoring Rood humour was completed by the publication, on the part ot the ex- President, Mr. Lincoln, ol a delight- ful volume, containing ali the facetious anecdotes with which he had success- fully met the various Federal disasters. Mitchell and Manhattan having been judicially drowned io one mud-cart, and the fanatic war-preaching clergymen of. all denominations, together with ninety five per cent, of the newspaper writers, . having been embarred in the old man of ?i war the "Nemesis," which was then ; carefully scuttled off Point Comfort, there «rag little left to do in the way of punishment. North and South being unanimous in regard to tbe necessity of a new consti- ' tution, conventions were held, and the first Btep was to abolish universal i suffrage. The next was to exclude from the vote all Irishmen, Germans, i British insolvente, and other volun- tary and involuntary refugees. A further process of filtration dis- franchised all war-contractors, telegram matiutaciurers, stock-jobbers, liquor vendors, and ail persons who had ever assumed any of the nicknames of party. A property and education test was established, and a very tolerable electoral ; body, representing Honest America, was : thuB obtained. It was then seen that if ; a re-union of the ¡Stales were possible, it i could only be under a King, who must J not be an American. j Lite the eyes of the millions of pigeons which, in one of Mr. Fenimore Cowper's stories, were suddenly brought down by the discharge of a cannon loaded with small shots, the eyes of all the Americans were suddenly upturned, and they rested on bia Royal Highness, the Grand Duke Pundi. A. deputation from America crossed tbe Atlantic, and without waiting to comb its hair, or to be introduced by Messrs. Adams, Siidell, and Ira Aldridge (the North, South, and coloured am bas-iadors), entered the presence, "Guess, highness, as you're the king for our money," began the Honorable Washington Greenback; "so order the smartest crown and fixings as can be produced, and state date Tor your cruivn alton, yes, Sir." " On the part of the old aristocracy of the New World," said the Houorable Richmond Cottoupod, "I offer your royal highness the opportunity of found- ing a dynasty that shall transplant the tree of chivalry into the rich soil of Columbia." " Iss, ighness, you berra good king, you outrageous good king, you dam good king," said the Honorable Pompey Quashibungo (slightly plagiarising from Hr. Charles Beade), "so you uulimi n:tte yourself out of dis here, and come up and be noioted with werry best Macassar, yup, yup." Hie temptation waa one which few mortals could have withstood. King of America, with adomain of2900 long miles bv 1730, or 2.903,066 square ones, and w'ith 30,191,876 (and a quarter in- cluding Tom Thumb) of subjects. A dWpot, too, with a despotism untem- pered even by epigrams, for the article is not manufactured in the New World. Happily, for England, Punch is not mortal. He dashed away a tear, brighter than any of the 2783 diamonds in the diadem of his beloved Queen, cleared bis voice with an effort and cayenne lozenge, and, after a pause, uttered one word: " Shan't ! " His voice and language were cour- teous, but it war felt that his purpose 5 was adamant. The Hon. Mr. Green - j back was going to spit, but remembered where he was: the Hon. Mr. Cottonpud muttered the shadow of the ghost of an oath ; the Hon. Mr. O.uasbibungo kicked out his foot at Toby, and was in- continently bitten where tbe calf of his Excellency's leg should bave boen. " Mj duties sro here," said Duke Punch. ''Bat, gentlemen, your King is lhere.** Ile pointed to a tall, vigorous, gaunt person who had accompanied the depu- tation, unaccredited, and who had been silently listening to thc proceedings The West strode forward, ia tut per-ton of a powerful backwoodsman, with tbe eye of an eagle and the roumck of a gladiator ; but there was a dash oi humour in the strong fellow's face, too. " I ain't much of a figure for a cfowni! and garter. old boss, but 1 calculate ai you've smashed the nut this time. These chaps ain't made uo great count of BM up to now ; but now'« my turn, and mat be they'll knuckle down," or I'll have t< take off my coat." " State TOUT claims more graciously roy powerful friend," »aid Duke Punch " t believe that itt the frosh and vigoro» west will be found the Arbiter «hi should take America in hand, and tb< gooi er he does it the better. Gentle ntm a alight banquet await« you in tb next apartment. Let us go in and drinl to the prosperity of Tour country aad b the dynaetv of your King.** " Bat I'd like to be judgmatical, oh boas." eaid the near aovereign ; " end i voa'd «ny hit of a book with tb« tn* prutiäplea of a king'a trade wrote ott plain, yon might loan it a fellow." ^ii ia yours," amid H-B.U, amiling nod preaeating bia forty-aixtb volume o PttsoA, 