ON PRESBYTERIAN UNION. | (From the English Presbyterian Magazine ) I A riches cannot be drawn if the land of colour and the principles of beauty are set aside. A statue cannot come forth from the sculptor's hands if there be no consistent image in his eye, and no attention paid to the laws which regulate line and form. A piece of mine can neither be composed nor executed If the laws of sound and the rules of harmony are forgotten or despised. A virtuous course cannot be pursued, and a virtuoso character cannot be established, if the obligations of duty are cast off, and the law of morale is trampled in the dust. A nation cannot be made, and it cannot be maintained, if the laws of equity . are ignored and the conditions of all government are in eat'stUd. What must be admitted in cases like these must be admitted In cases Innumerable Indeed, it must be I admitted BO holding invariably throughout the whole range 1 of human enterprise and achievement. No matter what I work is attempted, and no matter what design in compassed, I by any man, or by any body of men, that work can no more be done as it ought to be done, and that design can no more j be accomplished as it ought to be accompanied, without adherence to the facts and the order on which it is seen trolly dependent, than triumphs of engineering still can be won without regard to such common things as air, and light, and heat, and magnetism, and fiction, and gravita- tion. Exception to this concert by now in favour of Presbyterian Churches, even when they are seeking union. No Presbyterian Church worthy of the name would desire such exception. ' For it runs obvious in this case as it can possibly be in any other that if the Ecclesiastical union cougal is to be real and not nominal, it in it to be good and not evil. If it is to be abiding and not transient, if it is to the a ? fuller and happier exhibition than heretofore of that unity which is one of the highest distinctions of the Church of Christ, it is impossible to gain it otherwise than by an observance of the laws by which it is enjoined, and of the principles by which it is accounted. Not more vain is it to think that such a union can be attained anyhow, or that it will come about of Utc4.1, than to think that a has no cure \- to do with right than Wim wrong, with wisdom tuan with folly, with candour then with equivocation, with openness than with reserve. "What, then, is that without which the union in question cannot be? What is that without which the union in question would not be for the better, but for the worse ? What is that which must be kept in view, and openly aokuoT Edged, and implicitly followed, and carried out, in all attempts at crippling the union in question, were those attempts can be said to hold out any reasonable prospect of solid and lasting SUCCESS? The answer is comprised in two words, The first of these words is TRUTH. The Churches uniting. g must unite in the truth. Too bonds that bind them must be the bonds of truth The spirit that pervades them must be the spirit of truth. The testimony that proceeds from them must be the testimony of truth. beyond all controversy, that truth I a the word of God, the truth as it is in Jesus, His faith of the Gospel, the faith once delivered to the saints, the form of sound words which his been received from holy men of God, who space as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Apart from that truth Churches bare no exists nee. Apart from that truth there is to warrant for Church fellowship. Apart from that truth there is no directory of Church influence and power. And therefore the only basis on which Churches that have grown up separately, or that have been divided, can come together and stand as one, is the basis which that truth, sup- puta. Yin, the only motives to which they can properly held in desiring to become one are the motives which that Truth brings before them. And the only ends to which they can legitimately have respect in giving expression to the desire, are the dead which that truth calls upon them to this after. The law of that truth, thou, must , be observed in his that prepares for, and in all that consum '. races, succession between churches any) worth the having? and is something better than a name or a delusion. To say that throughout the churches aiming at union there must be the same degree of knowledge of the truth, or the same degree of significance attached to the roo yards in which that truth is presented, or the same decree of fulness end expllcilncFB inemfessinfr it by word or by deed, before there can be ecclesiastical fellowship between them, would be to say what neither human nature, nor human experience, nor the word of God, entitles any one to say. It would he to say that the unity of the Church is no maWiont with over-, thing that does not imply absolute uniformity of butter. and absolute unanimity of remaining, in regard to the things set forth in the volume of inspiration. To say that amid " "be to take a position which could not for a moment be maintained. But to say that nothing should be done against the truth, and everything for it, to say that the supreme authority of the truth should neither be restricted nor denied, to say that the heavenly voice of the truth should , j _reitber.be muffled nor perverted, to say that the sacred and inviolable treasure of the truth should in no wise be sacrificed, to say that consorting with its gainsayed and enemies should on no account be entered into, is t J affirm a first principle which can hardly fail to commend itself to every man's conscience in the sight of God, And if that principle be contravened in the process or at the conclusion of arrangements for bringing divided Churches into one, their union will not answer the name. They will not walk by the same rule. They will not mind the same thing. They will not consequently preach and teach the same faith as if they had but one mouth. A Presbyterian polity may . hold them together. A carnal policy may give them ditto tion. Worldly interest and advantage may determine their course. But they will be two, or three, or more ; not one. They will' be for a time, or for a particular purpose, an alliance, a coalition, not a Church possessing and displaying _ that unity which is its chief glory and strength, and which springs from its cordial consent and adherence to the form of doctrine delivered to it by its Divine Head. The other word comprised in the answer to the query stated above is LOVE. If the truth is to be held, it must be held in love. If the truth is to be spoken, it must be spoken in love. If faith is to work, it must work by love. If the torch of faith is to burn brightly, and to guide through the darkness, it must be held In the hand of live. If the , channel along which the stream of sound doctrine bears the volume of its purifying and refreshing waters is to be broad and deep enough to carry them to all the dark corners of this earthly habitation, it must be the channel which love \- "Creates. For love is the great peculiarity of the Christian system. It is the distinguishing mark of Christian discipleship It is the grand motive of Christian obedience, It is use of the chief ends of Christian law. It is one of the highest forms of Christian perfection. It is that without which all gifts are as nothing, all ascribes as vanity, all knowledge as ignorance, and all eloquence as a sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal. Acytaiug, therefore, watch offends against it is as destructive of Christian unity as anything that offends against the truth itself. Anything Which ignores its presence and its power is a sinnott variance, with the principles according to which the Church is constituted one family, ewe flock, one body, as anything which takes no account of verities like the atonement of Christ, the work of the Spirit, justification by faith, the ra n ear reel son of the dead, or the judgment to come. There may indeed be, on the part of even Presbyterian Churches seeking union, something like an external uniformity of a. confession, something apparently amounting to an agree ment in certain definite articles of belief. But if that uniformity were only in name, if that agreement were only bare and cold would a union arising out of it be desirable ? "Would it work ? Would it stand the test of time and of trial ? Would it have any appreciable claim tube called the unity without which union is no more than a temporary truce, or an earthly expedient ? There may be also, on the part of even Presbyterian Churches contemplating union, a want of sympathy which has sprung from long alienation, a lack of mutual esteem, and respect, and confidence, due to long rivalry and opposition. But if they were so little of , one accord 80 little of one-heart, and so little of one mind, than to have almost no complacency in each other, and almost no knowledge of the offices of brotherly kindness and good .' will, would their union make them one was more truly one than before? Would their combination bo theorised love before being its effect ? Would their entire, or almost ' their entire, freedom from the exersUe toward each other of that humble spiritual grace which seeks not her own, and which is ever overflowing the barriers of evil, be a fair pledge and guarantee of their walking in love and doing all things in love ? There may even be, on the part of Free by trian Churches aiming at Union, that vague charity which is only a weak indifference to moral distinctions, that exotic charity which wanders over the face of the earth as if the landmarks of truth were removed, and as if there were nothing for it but to soar in some cloudy region above all the fixed principles of religious faith and practice, that false charity which breaks down the restraint of law and order, which has about as much. admiration to give to the recklessness of those who are engaged in trying to subvert the foundations of the faith, as to the exploits of those who do valiantly on the side of that doctrine which is according to godliness, and of that righteousness whose erTeot'ig quiet- ness and assurance for ever. But would charity like that last ? Would charity like that be a bond of perfectness ? Would charity like that be unselfish, and holy, and strong, i anything better than the worst forms of supercilious scorn. and ungenial inflexibility, and hypercritical condemnation ? Would it bring out and commend to the world that unity which belongs to those who are holding the one Head, and who are knit together in Ulm as the members of one body ? To all such questions, arising out of such conditions, only one answer can possibly be given. It is the answer that affirms that the union which churches ought to long for and to follow after, is the union which flows from love, the union which is the expression of love, the union which is the pledge and the promise of love, the union which is set in carrying abroad the dominion and the power of love, even that love which is the daughter of truth, which is the fruit of the spirit and the fulfilling of the law. It is the answer Which makes open proclamation of the fact that the observance, the wise, and candid, and disinterested, and pains- taking observance of the principles, and rules, and ends of his love is absolutely essential to the formation of an ecole siastical union, holding out the promise of permanence, and joy, and increased fruitfulness in every good word and work. This union in the truth and union In love cannot be dis censed with if the PEACE of the Church is to be preserved and eade manifest. The unity formed by Churches walk- ing in the truth and in love is, no doubt, something far higher than peace. Butt the more fully it is attained, the more dearly will it appear that it is productive of peace, that it is the fountain whence peace naturally flows, that it is the law by which peace is righteously secured. It will thus come to pass that the peace which reigns through truth and love makes itself known, not as a fence, or ar- mistice,' or compromise, or enforced silence -the quietude, but as the normal and settled condition of the Church, as the visible expression and symbol to all men of that inward and spiritual unity by which the Church is pervaded. If, jip-e7t«y this be disregarded, if union ia Ja be formed where there is neither one heart nor one mind, if rolfe' ." .. ! trinEities are to be bound together who have hardly any books of mutual confidence as to the faith of z na Q, 5 f Bid Hardly any words or offices of mutual < ""daily notes tbt-etT.ctitn of the Gospel, a form of For' He's ma? £1 created. But it will leave the waters of 2, Stasia a, flaw it, bitterly as over. It will leave the seed', "f _¡8Q0rd to grow as luxuriously as ever. It will leave the horses acts, (of wrong end schism to be heard as to- its as ever It Well leave the pleasant spectacle of bre' Jlna dwelling in unity as much in the background IIB ever x It will be unable to smooth a rugged path to make ' self-denial a jar, or to make the work which the Church h as to do a refreShment and scliffecticn. That observance of the law of truth, and of the law of love, which has been mc? stood an essential to the produce turn of ODy Presbyterian _. union which is worth the having, is- LO less closely assor victory was, also LIFE of Churches this with their peace. Zu attainments made by Church's avail i nothing without the attainment of life. All fellowships enjoyed to Churches profit nothing without fellowship in life. All acKrevementfl aoceinpÜEhed through Churches are as nothing without the achievements made by life. To this week here Churches received a name, been planted, and watered and favoured with all the gracious influences of Heaven, that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly. Accordingly, whether that life no inward or outward, whether it be with God or with men, whether it be true enjoyment of spiritual renovation and peace or the devotion of power to the Divine glory, and the employment of energy in works that are worth the living tor-in works that will break in with conquering might in the darkness, and sin, and unhappiness of this present world is of the Bet consequence that nothing be done to repose, but everything to foster it, nothing to repress it, but everything to favour, and to encourage, and to give free scope to its development. But the good of this life is the word of God, The sentiment of that life is the doctrine which is according to godliness. The rule of this life is the truth as it is in Jesus. The breath of that life is love. The channels in which that life flows, and works, and edifice, are the channels of love. The very end and consummation of that life is love. If, therefore, the law of truth to be ok on, or the law of love be broken, in the formation of an ecclesiastical union, that breach inflicts a most grievous damage on the vitality which is the real bond of unity, and without which any framework issuing from the hands of cccled'oBlics is like a rubble wall from which the mortar has been eaten out, or like a body from which the soul has tried. the great want of the Churches in life. The great cry of restlessness from within the Churches is for life. The great demand of the world upon the Churches is a demand for life. The great end for which union among the Churches is desirable is life. And, if the want is to be met, if the cry is to be answered, if that demand is to be fulfilled, if that end is to be reached, it can only be by a profounder homage to Christian truth, and by a more ntuLdant exercise of Christian love; it can only be by a fuller submission to apostolical and evangelical doctrine, and by a more marked and powerful exhibition of brotherly kindness and charity. It may be wrong to doubt that these things will receive their due measure of attention in the preliminary inquiries after union now being made by the Churches whose name and place so high as the Free Church of Scotland and the United Bretby terian Church. If it be wrong let the doubt for ever vanish. Nothing that has now been written can be effected thereby. But it cannot be wrong to doubt that, even with the best attention such things one receive, the great end whose practicability these Churches are now reeking to ascertain will be easily and speedily arrived at. The most cursory observation the state of the case between them, and the slightest acquaintance with the records of ecclesiastical history, show that such a doubt is neither unreasonable nor uncharitable. It is easier to break down than to build up, easier to wound them to heal, easier to sow discord, and strife, and alienation, than to restore harmony, and concord, and unity. In the case of the Churches warned, the difficulties to be encountered, the dangers to be fixed, the perplexities to be solved, the evils to be avoided, the interests to be conserved, are of a magnitude and importance which demand the ripest wisdom, the ni ist profound sagacity, to tout pacific tenderness.", the most exalted piety, and the most inviolable attachment to truth which these Churches can j delay. Meanwhile, it is the business of the Presbyterian Church in England, which knows from t s pel if r co come of the hindrances in the way of union, to look on them with sympathy and love to seek for them a better guidance than human counsel on supply, and to do her own work, to build up her own wastes, to repair her former desolations, and to strive, by God's help, to make herself so thoroughly the abode of Truth and Love, to have Peace so happily regnant within her borders, and Life so constantly and energetically flowing through all her channels, but sound hustled Pieebytenunaof all lands may point to her and say, "Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity ! It is like the precious ointment upon the head, that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron a beats that went down to the skirts of his garments: as he dew of Hermon, and as the dew that descended upon the mountains of Zion for thaw the h 3rd commanded the blessing:, even life for evermore." ; 