BOXING DAY. ?WOOLLOOMOOLOO BAY REGATTA. This annual aquatic tournament, linkrd imepanbly vith Boxing. day (ports, and regarded with Buch favour by the lovers of aquatics generally, came off on Uondaj ; and but for the terrible accident and loss of life with which it was marked would have been as successful as it has been in yean that have pasted away. The morning dawned gloomily ; a strong, and for tbe season, cold breeze from the southward, and dark heavy cloudB foilonimr each other in nuir.k aim. ceEsion, indicated that the day would be Bhowery and the weather unsettled. The prospects for those who dteired to spend the day in the open air were by no means cheeking ; but by eleven o'clock there was a goodly company on board the flagiship, and hundreds of pleasure seekers were scattered Btnonj the rocks and trees which ikirt the lower part of the Domain. Thu breeze was strong and variable throughout the day, and several Bhowers of rain fell ; but the weather was not such as to teriously interfere with the eport, The fine ship Young England, Captain Clark, was placed at the disposal of the committre for flagship, and she answered the purpose admirably. Had the weather been fine, and tbe decks of the vessel crowded, as they doubtless would have been, her saloon accommodation would perhapB have proved too limited, but under the cir currstspcfs there was not the slightest ground for complaint. An excellent luncheon was provided on board, to which a large number did ample justice. Tbe UBual loyal toBBts were propoBed and responded to, and also ' Success to the Woolloomooloo Bay Regattas.' The excellent music of the Volunteer Band contributed materially to the enllveument of the proceedings, and was a Bource of much graiifica'.ion to the lovers of Terpischore during the latter part of tbe day. With regard to the races, the sailing raceB were exceedingly well contested, but much of the pulling was somewhat tame. One of the moBt noticeable features ot the day was the signal defeat of the cham pion Bculler, Mr. R. Green. His failure was variously attributed. It was said by some that he was out of condition, and some suggested the 'spasms ; ' others insinuated that he did not try to do his best, white not a few expressed a belief that he was defeated on hiB merits. It iB with great regret that we have to state that the day did not paes over without eevtral accidents, one of which resulted in the less of two UveB. One of tbe sufferers was Lieutenant Freeman, of No. 1 Com pany of the Sydney Volunteers— a young gentleman who was widely known and deeply respected. The other was Mr. Fiener, a young gentleman in the employ of the Sugar Company, who was known and respected by a large circle of friends. Messrs. Free man and FiBher formed two of the crew of the Ettie, in the Btcrnd-clasB yacht race, and shortly after rounding the Sow and Pigs she was caught by a squall, filled, and went down off Camp Cove. Her crew were thrown into the water, and they immedi ately Btruck out fur the shore, seven reaching it in safety, and the remaining two rinding a watery grave. Several other boats capsized, but their crews suffered nothing further than a good ducking. Inspector Cowell, of the Water Police, picked up the crew of one swamped boat, and Mr. Ferris of the same force did a similar service for another boat's crew. Unfortunately, another accident occurred on board the flagship, by the explosion of gunpowder. After tbe termination of the day's sports the artillerymen were firing off the remaining cartridges, and as one of the men was standing near the gun witb three cartridges in his hand, the gun was fired and the three cartridges exploded in the poor fellow's bands. He was dread fully burnt and blackened, but it is hoped he will recover from the effects. We have only to add that the arrangements on board the flagship were good. Mr. I. Josephson gave every satisfaction be starter, and Mr. W. M'Quade as umpire. A detailed account of the racing is appended. First Race.— All Yonthe. under eighteen, pulling a pair of sculls in light ekifls. Course, from Wharf at head of Bay, round Fort BenisoD, end back to Flagship. First prize, £3 ; second, £2. Entranoe, 10s. 64. Not (uffieknt entrances. Second Eace.— Gentlemen Amateurs, palling pair soulls, in light etiflo. Course, same as No. 1. Priae, Silver Cup, value £10 10s. Entrance, £1 Is. Elvira— A. Crook— Slua end scarlet .. ..1 Favorite— B. Younger— White .. .. .,2 Sabrina— Q. Deloitte. Sir. Deloitte did cot etart, thes the race was left to Mr. Crook and Mr. Yonnpr. The former was the favourite, arid he folly justified tbe confidence placed in him by winning cloverly. Shortly after sterling ha took a strong lead, kept it throughout tbe race, and won with eaee. 1 bird Race.— Polllne Uingies, under canvas, not ex opedirg IS feet overall. Courea, from moorings ia Woolloomooloo Buy, round Clark Island, baok ronnd Flagehip. round Fort Denison, ronnd boat in Woolloo mnoloo Bay, and back to Flagship, Firct prize, £8; second, £2. Entrasca. 10s. 6d. Slim Jim— W. Pftul-Bloe and white ... .. 1 Beisy EBgar— J. Parley— Beo, white «tai ... .. 2 Leonora— W. Birkenehaw— Magenta .. .. 3 Uaette— H. Inder Monkey— J. Ferry Hemp— Jehu Smeal LnrUne — J. Maoariby Rowdy Dick— W. O. Bosward Teazer — W. Paul Eliza— James Smeal Florence— B. C. Brake. The etart for this race presented a very pretty sight. The boats all got away together, ana made lor Clark Island, the first point whioh they had to round. In coming back to the Flagship, Betsy fiagar ha4 a slight lead, closely waited upon by Lurline and Slim Jim. At the back of Fort Deatam Iiurline oipiizel. Betsy Sagar was first round the Fort, and Slim Jim aeoond, but Leonora, whioh nai been gradually hauling upon the leading boats, sow took up first position and held it to the ship. Slim Jim also overhauled Betsy Sagar in turning np the bay. They passed the ship in this order — Leonora first, 611m Jim second, and Betsy Eagar third. From some misapprehension (n the minds of those who vine in the Leonora aa to the course— being evidently under the impression that the raoe terminated at the Flagship without ronnding any farther point — they gave up the osntest. This gave a slice of lack te those in Slim Jim, who, knowing the course, beat np round tbe boat moored near the new circular wharf, ran back to the ship, and thus secured first prize. Betsy Eagar took second money Fourth Ease. — AU Amateurs, pulling pair eeulls. to light ekiffs. Couree, tame as No. 1. First prize, £10; second, £2. Entrance, £1 It. Athlete— J. M'Cleer-Pink ... .. ..1 Star of Australia— J. Donnelly-White .. .. 2 Pelter— J. Connor. The three boats started ; bat Coanor gave up almost . immediately afterwards, leaving the race to M'CJuer and ' Donnelly. The latter bad not the ghost of a ohanoe, aa , M'Cleer pulled rfgkt away from him, and won the raoe ; easily. : Fifth Baoe. — Bona fide SkUfa not exoeedine 22 feet overall, 6 leet beam, and 20 inches deep, ender oanvas, fine and centre-boards excluded. Course, from moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay, round Shark Ieland, round Flag chip, round Fort Destam and back to Flagship, First prim, £12; seoond, £3. Entrance, £1 is. Rebecca— J. Morton— Light blue .. ... .. 1 Surprise— E. O'Connor- Dark blue.. .. ..2 Wabbigoag-H. Beynolds-Fluk ? 3 This was a very well contested raoe. The Wabbigong ehowed bereelf to possess the most speed In the early part ol the raoe,aad In passing the Flagship, after having rounded Shark Island, she bad a good lead, with Bebeooa seoond, and Surptiee third. Tbe Bebeooa now began to overhaul her rival and tbe Surprise also, and ere long the Bebeooa was the leadiag boat, with Surprise second. No alteration took place after this; the Bebeooa winning easily, and the Surprise second. The Wabbigong entered a protestagalnet the fiebeooa,.0D the ground that ehe dill not start from moorings. Eixth Baoe.— Gusen Boats and Skiffs not exoasdlag 22 feet overall .(having fine er centreboards) under .oanvis. Course aamo as No. 6. First prize, £12 ; second, £3, Entrance, £1 Is. Dart— James Biobards— Dark blue .. ... ... I Marian— F. R. Robbarde-Bed, white, and blue ... 2 Perl— W. M'Donald— Light blue ? .3 Bops— James Smith Dove— J, Bradley Jn this raoe KarianifiMt ehowed promtaently, and by the time that ball tbe oourse was run ehe had a long lead. In passing theehip, after having rounded Shark Ialand,«he was about a qnarter-of-a-roile ahead, Peri bolng seoond, and Dart third. After rounding Fort Denlscn Dart passed the Perl, end was evidently gaining upon the Marian. At this stage of the raoe Marian's aprit would persist in slippping down every few aeooDds, and thus she had not a ohanoe ' against her fleet competitor. When they reached (he Flag- ! eblp tbe teoond time the Dart had a lead of several lengths, , and this advantage shs maintained to the finish, Marias second, and Perl as exceeding close third. : Seventh Bace.-Secood-olass Yaehta, not exoeeilng 12 tons (oentreboards excluded). From moorings In Woolloo tnooloo Bey, ronnd a boat off Manly Pier, baok round Flagehlp, round Floating Light and Sow and Pigs aid baok to Flagehip. First price, £20; second, £1. Entranoe, £2 2s. Qitana— F. t. Jeokson— No. i Marryatt'e code .. I WbyNot-J. Nichols-Blue, white crow .. .. 2 Ida— J. Joirpbfon— Blue, with white cross .. .,3 Australian— F. Smart— White aBd bins Elaine— W. P. Morle— White, blaok Maltese cross. This was the most Important sailing raoe of the day, and oortBlnlyitwasoneot the best oontested, so far as regards the first end seoond paanta. Elaine did not put in an ap pearance. When (he Run fired, all exospt the Little Aus tralian got away smartly, but she was a long time before the got fairly underway, and then ehe dia sot appear to bs In her usually excellent trim. As they passni the point of Garden Island on their way dons the harbour, GJtana had a lead of two or three lengths with Vfhy Not teosnd asd Ids third; Australian twenty or thirty lengths behind. When they again appeared la stRhr, after having rounded the boat off Manly Pier, the OltBEB wbb allll leading, and Whs Not In close attendance Ida was third, but thu distance between her and Whv (Out * ?? ctnriderably greater than that between Ghana and Why Net. Alter paulnv round the ship they made the ban of ibiir way down tie barb-ur again towards the Sow and Pips, and »ben they neitsppeareii the positions were un obuiged. Tbe distance between Gltana and Why Not, however, appeared to have decreased, for the former had a lead of barely two lergtbs. She managed to maintain her pride of plaoB, however, to the termination, aaisa *he fiaally pateed the ship she was bailed the winner with immense dueling. Id* was an Indifferent third, and nothing was seen of Ike Australian for a oniMerable time afterwards Bighih Keoe.-Gtmtlemen AmaUinn, palling ? pair of oars tn light «kln-, with coxswain. Coarse same as No. 1. Prize, two silver caps, value £6 6s. each. Entranoe, £1 It. BabrinB-Q «ndC. Delollte— Magenta ana1 blue ., I Elvfra-R. Younger and A Crook— Blue and Boarlet ., 2 Favorita- J. Crook and L. Younger- White. Favorlta did sot start, and tbe pullers Id Elvira might bave spared themselves the trouble, for the Deloittes palled right away from them ans won witb the greatest ease. Ninth Bace.-Optn boats, Dot exoeedlng 22 feet over all, under canvas (fits »nd centre bonOB excluded). Couth, from moorings fn Woolloomooloo Bay, round Sow ard PigB and Floaifng Light, rnnnd Flaitebip and Fort Denison, and baok to Flagship. First priz,«, £13 ; second, £6. EntiBEoe, £1 1«. Thounht-A Oliver- Bine and white .. ., 1 Boynl Oak— W. Creed— Whire, red orots ,. ., 2 LeUnre Bour— P. Uichardeon— Bed .. ..3 Laura— W, mi J. Walts Hbjl— B. and O. Yeomans Brae of Denmark— H. Ash Dora- A. Saddlngton. Tbis was a very Interesting race, from the large number of changes which took place is the positions of the boats dur iLg Its progress, In passing the south reef of Garden bland Lania had a slight lead, with Ltisraie Hour second, Thought third, Dora fourth, and Sibyl fifth. Several changes took place down the harbour, but when they again appeared In eight Laura ellll led, with Leisure Hour second, hoie of Denmark third, and Thonght fourth. Several more changes took place In running out, round, and beating baok from the Fort, and (hey paeeed the ship, ee follows : —Thought, first ; Kojal Oak, seoond ; Leisure Bonr, third ; Sybil, fourth ; and Laura, fifth. There was no further change after warda, (he whole finally passing the ship In the order indicated. Tenth Kace— All Comers, polling a pair of sculls, In light ekiffs. Course, same as No. 1. First prize, £12. Entrance, £1 Is. Athlete— J. M'Uiefr— Pink .. .. ,. 1 Getting Star— &. Green— Blaok ana white .. .. 2 Siarof Australia— J. Donnelly— White This was looked upon as a certainly for Green, and there vete offers of five to one upon him ; but the ohamplon was not suoeefsfnl, notwithstanding the large amount ef ojn fidtnet placed In him. Donnelly did nut etart. Theiaoe down, past tbe Flagship, was very good indeed, the two boats being close together. At length M'Cleer got past his formidable rival, and the champion dii not appear to make an effort afterwards, as he pulled home quite hknrel}1. K lev t nth Kaoe.— Tblrd-olasa Yaohts, not exceeding 5 tone. Couree, fr«m moorings In Woolloomooloo bay, round Sow Bud Figs, round Flagihip, round Shark Irland, and baok to Flagship. Firm prize, £16 ; seoond, £5. Entrance, £1 Is. Zephyr— L. A. Windeyer— White, with red cross ., 1 Frolic- J. Crook— Union Jack .. .. ..2 Bttie— J. Spyer— Blae. Tbe three got away upon equal terms, and kept side by side till passing the reef on Garden Island, when Bttie hal a slight advantage, Frolio lying eeosnd, and Zephyr third. In due lime the Fiolio made her way baok to the ehip first, with the Zephyr second ; but tbe Ettie waB nowhere to be eeen, ana on inquiiiog uf the Zephyr's ore» those on board tbe Flagship were inlormed tbat ehe had gone down ntar the Sow and Pigs. Frelio and Zephyr continued the race, and before the two bad got baok to the flagship tbe second time Zephyr had caught BDd pwsed the Frolio. Thus the race terminated, Frolio being a pretty good seoond. Twelfth Baoe.— All Amateurs, palling two pairs eoulls is light eiitft, with conn-sin. Coarse, same as No. 1. First prize, £10; second, £2. Entranoe, £1 U. Athlete— J. tt-Cleer and J. Booker— Pink .. ..1 Siar of Australia— J. Donnelly and J. Connor— White 2 Mira-W. Connor and H. M'Cleer— Blue. liira did cot start. Athlete gradually forge] ahead of Star of Australia, and appeared to Inoteaae ber lead as they approaubed the Fort, as they returned, hewever, Don nelly and Conner in the Star were found to be pressing M'Cleer and Booker very closely, and for some time tke re sult appeared doubtful. The ' pinks,' however, kept their lead, and won by about six lengths. Thirteenth Baoe.— All Licensed Wateimen, pulling a pair sculls, In licensed watermen's boats. Course, same as No. 1. Firft prise, £8 ; seoond, £2. Bntnnoe, 15s. Champion— J. Doncett— white and blue .. .. I J. Monigan— P. Connelly— red and white .. .. 2 Bob boy— T. Macgregor— white. Macgiegor, in a new boat, went away with the lead, but WaB soon collared by Dunnett, who held hie advantage to the end. In pulling back from the Fort against tbe wind, Connelly caught and passed Macgregor, and long before the leading boats reached the Flagship, be was completely cat of the race. Dnnsert won the raoe by about six lengths. There were tbree other races set down in the programme, bnt tbe fourteenth and fifteenth did not fill, and (Donnelly and Coanor palled over for the prize in the sixteenth. Seventeenth Bsoe.— Gig and Diogy, Prizj, £3 3i. Entrance— gig, 10s. ; dingy, Is. Gig— 'Poiwvinj— P. PuDob™ ., .. ..1 Dlsgy— fiingtail— H. Smart. Tbis event resulted in tbe ?uooesnof the gig, ?the dingy being caught after about seven minutes' chase. This brought (he day's proceedings to a olose. and In a short lime the hundreds of persons who had witnessed the regatta were wending their way homewards. 