GROOVES. The traveller on the top of a stage-coach used to suffer many inconveniences, but at least he saw the country through which he passed. The traveller by railway is sheltered from the rain and shielded from the wind, but he spends much of his time in tunnels and cuttings, which narrow his vision to the fellow occupants of his "com- partment," and a few yards on either hand. Such, also, is life. Some people travel through the world, up hill and down dale, now in sun- shine now in storm, sometimes uncomfortable enough behind a bolter or a stumbler, but seeing and observing as they go. Most people glide through life, now and then, certainly, shaken from their propriety by an unexpected and un- reasonable collision, but for the most part smoothly enough, only they see nothing and learn nothing on their road. They travel in "compart- ments," and along a line of rails. Their road is not a road, but a groove. If this were so only in little things — local peculiarities or the ways of society — it might seem to be of small account. It would not, we think, be difficult to show that even in that case in a groove would be a great evil ; but it is clear enough that its effects are conspicuous in the greatest things. They are so, for instance, in politics and in religion. In both, doubtless, there must always have been legitimate differences of opinion ; but if people had not lived and thought in grooves, there would not have been bigotry. For the groove-life necessitates an intensified perception of something small and immediately present to the exclusion of every- thing outside ; and the essence of bigotry is the seeing one point of truth intensely and clearly, and the not seeing that truth though one, is many- sided. All bigoted and one sided people think their own theory not only true, but absolutely the one and only truth. It may chance that the par- ticular theory or idea which to any party or any person seems to be this one and only truth may in reality be something containing as little of the truth as possible. So one-sided and narrow is the view which most people take of any great subject that we may almost coin for the occasion a new proverbial jingle, and say that "those who think strongly think wrongly." Most people, indeed, think so little and so slightly on any subject — except, perhaps, those belonging to their own im- mediate calling — that such a proverb would seem to apply to very few. But though they do not think, almost all people think they think. Their thoughts, though they are but faint echoes from the minds of vigorous thinkers, yet gather a certain kind of strength from the very monotony with which they reverberate though a thousand kindred souls. The processes by which they think though they are but as "dull mechanic pacings to and fro," yet all the more for that very reason wear their minds into a groove, by which alone impressions from without can enter, and ideas — such as they are — can go abroad. And this is the case frequently not only with weak, or idle, or superficial thinkers, but even with men of naturally active minds. Some minds are active in one direction alone, and these, of course, will have their groove almost ready to their hands, and wanting only the deepening process of use. Others narrow themselves by dwelling exclusively on particular subjects. As any bodily organ can in time be nullified by continued disuse, so width and grasp of view can be eliminated from the mind, and that which ought to be the ever-broaden- ing highway for intelligence and truth may dwindle to a groove. In this way alone can be explained the pitiful position too often held by men of naturally commanding intellect. He who might nave aspired to the fnwsmne* iilan, Ik. c:... have aspired to the foremost place in the Siate — to be The pillar of a people's hope, The centre of a world's desire — is too often content to sink into the mere mouth- piece of a party, sacrificing all that he might have had for the mean pleasure of being pointed at as "that Demosthenes !" And he who might have done his Church good service by taking his stand upon the broad platform of truth, and re- conciling the jarring factions below him, too often narrows himself into the idol of a sect, seeing only its semi truths, and preaching only its miserable shibboleths. Such men have had the world before them where to choose, and they have chosen their own little and inevitable groove. This, then, is the ultimate harm of living and thinking in grooves — that all the great interests of human life and progress suffer by its narrowing influence. But the source of that influence must be looked for, not in any necessity of those interests themselves, not even principally in the natural constitution of the minds of those who are the chief actors in them, but rather in the early training and associations which make the actors what they are. Most minds are by nature so plastic that the effects of early association are indelible ; and though some characters, being what is called "contradictory," are inclined to swerve from instead of yielding to the bias of circumstances, yet these are for the most part driven off from the old direction merely to settle into a new, and perhaps a deeper, groove of their own making. Hence the mischief of life in a groove, even in the smallest matters. If it signi- fied little in itself, it would signify much for its direful effects. For a groovy parent trains a groovy child, and the groovy child must be father of a groovy man ; and what a few generations of groovy men can do is a marvel to think of. They robbed us of America, they nearly handed over India to Nana Sahib, they ran up our National Debt. They smothered our army in the mud of Balaclava, and they have, times out of mind, set our navy adrift in the fogs of an inexplicable "system." It has not been their fault that the State has not long ago been "protected" into a Republic, and the Church "converted" into a Tabernacle. It must be worth while, therefore, to follow the spirit of grooviness to its sources, and to visit those who grow up under its teaching in their nurseries and their schoolrooms. There is much to learn, no doubt, and to note in the life of "the world," par excellence ; in the grooviness of the Row, the House, the Court, the Barracks — but these are not nurseries. We must flee from the haunts of dissipation, and browse among the turnips, if we would grasp the reality of the groove spirit and call it from the deep. There dwells the modern representative of the old true blue country squire, whose talk is sometimes of foxes, but more fre- quently of Quarter Sessions, of draining tiles and highway rates, of hay and fat oxen. There his wife and daughters toddle quietly about their flower gardens, and grub among their roots, dissipating in a game of croquet, and enlivening their neighbours with the natural history of their ferns and their roses. There stand the placed parsonages, inhabited — as one of the inmates, though of a different stamp, has happily said — by "holy vegetables," rooted in their own snug corners, and producing for the most part only feeble crops of their clerical commonplaces. Trained and watered by the not very widening or exciting influence of one or other of the "religious organs," they seem to spend their lives in trying how nearly they can stunt their mental growth to the measure of the Roman seminary, and how much they can undo the wholesome and invigorating effect of schools and universities. There likewise vegetates the good old country town — some Cran- ford, with its half-pay captains and ancient maiden ladies, its weekly awakening on market-day, and its subsidence into accustomed slumber, the tre- mendous excitement of its annual ball, and its correspondent reaction. Railways and the penny post have doubtless done something — like the current of Mr Cross's voltaic battery — to stir up in the void some animalculal life ; but it is still of a doubtful and feeble order. Excellent and irre- proachable are all these people and their ways — But the trail of the slow-worm is over them all. Originating, then, in scenes like these, the subtle influence spreads far and wide. It pervades the country ; it invades the town. The pins which amiable hands plant into a form of welcome to us when, as "little strangers," we first cross the border — the garments, curiously wrought and strangely shaped, which dangle over our infantile limbs — these, in their fixity and conventionality, are but a type of our after treatment ; a treatment continued for most of us until we are swaddled for the last time, and the hearse plumes, the mutes, and the black horses conduct us once more to the border with a farewell as fixed and conven- tional as the welcome. It is not easy to see why this should be. If the old saying is true, "quot homines tot sententiæ" one might have expected anything rather than a dreary uniformity of life and thought. And if grooviness were to be found at all, it might have seemed that the country, as distinguished from the town, would be the last place in which to look for it. For it is Nature who, in her infinite variety and expansiveness, forbids the Procurustean measure for humanity ; and it is in the country, according to popular estimation, that Nature finds her best moral as well as physical development. Is it, then, something in the national character which makes English people peculiarly apt to be groovy ? Most foreigners would doubtless say that it is so. They are pleased to grant us a certain coarse capacity for hewing wood and drawing water for ourselves and others, but deny us any originality even in our own dull arts. We are all John Bulls and "female Bulls," long-horned or short- horned perhaps, but otherwise without a ghost of individuality — or a ghost at all, for that matter. They do, indeed, call us eccentric, but that is because we are so entirely devoid of eccentricity that we must revolve always on our own axes, and disport ourselves in the Elysian fields of nobler animals as if we were still tethered in our own fat meadows. That there is some mixture of truth in this we cannot deny. It is certain that English goverding bodies, from St. Stephens's downwards to Bethnal Green, havs almost always shown a wonderful determination to keep within their groove, in the apparent conviction that some fatal collision must take place outside it, no matter how loudly justice or common sense or expediency might be crying out for a change ; and there are positions in which the individual Englishman, from his want of readiness and resource, will always appear at advantage with, for instance, a Frenchman. Yet there must be an immense power of self-adaptation to circumstances in a people who have colonized half the globe, and left their mark as they have done on the other half. Perhaps, however, his unreadiness and slowness in bringing his personal resources to bear in unexpected emergencies may seem to convict the Englishman of a certain kind of national grooviness. Nor can we omit another and a more serious result of the same tendency — that insular dogmatism which measures everything by itself, and despises everything foreign in pro- portion as it differs from the English. This is the spirit which once used to make Englishmen call foreigners fools because they could not talk English, and think that to learn French or drink claret was a first step on the road to rebellion or Atheism. We have changed all this a good deal but still there are Englishmen who delight in thrusting their insularity into other people's faces, and rolling on their broad-gauge grooves over the pet prejudices of the rest of mankind. Emerson, who has judged us with much of acumen, no little of compliment, and far greater fairness than might have been expected from one of his nation, of course makes much of this grooviness of ours. With characteristic inconsistency, he refers it to various causes ; but of its universal presence, both at home and abroad, he speaks often and strongly. Sometimes it is our supidity and the narrowness of our vision which produce it :— This dullness (he says) makes their attachment to home, and their attachment in all foreign countries to home habits. The Englishman who visits Mount Etna will carry his tea-kettle to the top . . . . Then their eyes seem to be set at the bottom of a tunnel, and they affirm the one small fact they know with the best faith in the world that nothing else exists. Sometimes it is our arrogance. The Englishman Plainly accounts all the world out of England a heap of rubbish. The same insular limitation pinches his foreign politics. He sticks to his traditions and usuages, and he will force his inland by-laws down the throat of great countries like India, China, Canada, Australia ; and not only so, but impose Wapping on the Congress of Vienna, and trample down all nationalities with his taxed boots. But, whatever the cause, this critic doubts not that we are groovy beyond all other people, and in this judgment he would be upheld probably by ninety-nine out of every hundred foreigners. No doubt much might be said on the other side. It might be argued, for instance, that the very adaptability to circumstances which is so much praised in the Frenchman is simply a proof of the most indelible grooviness. Just as we are called eccentric because we cling to our own ways and habits, the Frenchman may be so wedded to his own ideas of comfort and convenience that he is unable to live without acting up to them, and so his grooviness becomes, under difficulties, the ne- cessity which is the mother of invention. More- over, the class of travellers who carry England abroad with them is, in these days, almost entirely that which has wealth without culture. If the Bourgeois Gentilhomme infected other countries as our corresponding classes infect the Continent, we might hear the other side of the story ; and cer- tainly no Englishman pretending to education would look at any other people through such nar- row spectacles as those lately worn in England by Mr Assolant, and largely approved by his com- patriots. If we look to the domestic interiors, or their substitutes, in other countries, we see no reason for supposing that their occupants are practically much less groovy, less wedded to their own ideas, less given to cliques and narrow inter- ests than we are ourselves. Their standing dishes arc lighter, perhaps, as a rule, than our own, but toujours perdrix is as wearisome as toujour rosbif. America ought to be the least groovy of nations, being a new country, with fewer traditions than the old, and plenty of elbow-room for mind and body ; yet in many respects Americans are already more groovy than ourselves, and just now are prov- ing how they can rush blindfold along a well- known line which a thousand times has been found to end in a quagmire. Their grooves are not the less grooves because they are different from ours and eminently more unpleasant. On the whole, however it seems that, though we share this failing with all the rest of the world — for all share it, new and old, civilized and bar- barian, from Greenwich to the Andaman Islands — yet our geographical isolation, and a certain per- haps excusable conviction that we have some things about us better worth keeping than others, are apt to make this universal tendency assume a national character and obtrusiveness. We are too well satisfied with ourselves and all about us to think it worth while to go far afield for instruction or amusement. Nor can it be denied that the foundation on which grooviness rests is in itself a good thing. Without it — be it contentment, or a gentle and reasonable self-complacency, or the two combined — the body politic would be in a zymootic and unhealthy condition, and every neighbourhood, losing its present serenity, would become a sort of little centre of social revolution. But contentment degenerates into apathy, and apathy ends in stagnation. This is the end to which the natural tendency to grooviness would, were it not for counteracting influences, lead na- tions, societies, and individuals. This is the end to which our physical position, and our institu- tions — religious, civil, and domestic — tend, as we just said, with peculiar strength, to lead most of us in England. Fortunately we cannot, if we would, keep ourselves to ourselves. We are fond of preaching, of fighting, of enterprise, of trade, of empire. We are England, and therefore cannot be Japan ; and to be a true patriot in England a man must be somewhat cosmopolitan. In the smaller social centres, also, there are some fervid spirits who keep us from total stagna- tion, who decline to "chronicle small beer," and who act like the Magic Fute, drawing with its own sweet and enlivening influence even the densest and the dullest out of their own narrow track to tread a moral Polonaise. It is fortunate that there are such spirits among us, that it may be said of the social as well as of the material world — Mens agitat molem, et mango se corpore miscet ; but not the less is it a positive duty in everybody to do what he can in fighting the common enemy. For it is an enemy which isolates small circles and families and members of families, and tends ultimately to a kind of social Buddhism, in which every man is his own Buddha, and self-absorption is the proper end of all things. Above all, people should try to bring their children up to live in a larger world, and to exercise their senses within a wider horizon. If children grow up for ever under the eye of those in the same "compartment" with themselves, seeing only the same faces from day to day, hear- ing only the same kind of conversation, doing and seeing done the same things, it is almost impossi- ble that they will not grow up groovy. If they think only because and as others think, speak parrot-fashion the kind of commonplaces which they hear, and are never taught to exercise an in- dependent judgment through the natural process of hearing and observing different things and dif- ferent people, how can they grow up otherwise than groovy ? How can we be surprised that, if any new thing come to light anywhere on a sudden in any of the "worlds"— religious, political, social, or scientific — straightway its inhabitants go distraught, and cry out that the Deluge is come, when all the while, perhaps, it is but a harmless King Log come down with a flop and a splash, but leaving the pond afterwards as peaceful as ever ? The best preventive of this sort of thing is, of course, foreign travel — an approved remedy since Ulysses grew wise by seeing men and cities, but one even now too little tried. People certainly rush about the Continent, Murray in hand, but they rarely travel with their children for the sake of the education which travelling gives when it is properly done. And when this is impossible, at all events children, as they begin to grow up, can be sent to stay away from the parent wing, in other families and with other young people. Schools — and, for men, professional training — do their part, of course, but they lack the great human- izing element, the melange du sexe. It is by mingling freely with other people differing in sex, age, and temperament, and by that alone, that even the best educated children can grow up civilized and well informed members of society. This cannot be done in any way so well as by throwing them upon their own resources, by teach- ing them to swim without corks, by trying Nature's plan with her birds and beasts, when she sends them into the world to fend for themselves, and learn their savoir-vivre — Saturday Review. 