KENT TOWN WESLEYAN JUBILEE CHURCH. The foundation-stone of a new church in connection with the Wesleyan body was laid on Monday afternoon, October 10, at Kent Town. The want of a place of worship in the neighborhood has, it is said, long been felt; but circumstances have delayed its commencement till now, With the presentation, however, of a suitable block of land by Mr. J. Colton, M.P., and the promised material support of a few liberal gentlemen, the movement was started, and so far the efforts of the pro- moters have been successful and gratifying in the ex- The services of the day were commenoed by the children of the Sabbath-schools in the circuit meeting at 2 o'clock in the Parade Chapel, Norwood, whence they marched, headed by banners, ana in oompany with their teaohers and friends, to the site of the proposed new edifice. At 3 o'clock the Rev. S. Ironside, the Superintendent of the Circuit, gave out the 699th hymn, commencing "From all that dwell below the sides", which being sung, the Rev. R.C. Flockart read the seoond chapter of the Second Book of Chronicles, descriptive of the erection of the temple of Jeru- salem. The same rev. gentleman afterwards engaged in prayer, in the course of which he implored God's blessing upon the work, and expressed the hope that the building would be a centre of influence from which much good might emanate. Mr. G. P. Harris next presented the Rev. Mr. Ironside with a handsome trowel and mallet with which to per- form the ceremony. The Rev. Mr. Ironside then read a copy of the parchment and a list of the contents of the sealed bottle, which was placed in the cavity prepared for it. The documents were as follow:— "The Wesleyan Methodist Magazine for Adelaide, No. l, with copies of the circuit plans1 for Adelaide. First", Second, and Third Circuits; minutes of the last Australasian Wes leyan Conference, held in Melbourne January last; the Register and Advertiser papers of this day's date; a few coins of the realm of the present reign; a parchment on which is inscribed as follows:—'In the name and to the glory of the one God, almighty and everlasting Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, this tounaation-stone of the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church was laid by the Rev. Samuel Ironside, the Superintendent of the Adelaide Third Circuit, on the tenth day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-fonr, and in the twenty seventh year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, Sir Dominick Paly, K.C.B., Governor of the colony of South Australia. This building is called the Jubilee Church, as it is being erected in the jubilee year of the Wesleyan Missionary Society and of tbe Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church. The Rev. James Buller, of New Zealand, President of the Conference; the Rev. John Watsford, Chairman the District of South Australia; the following gentlemen being trustees of the church, viz. John Ballantyne, Richard N. Bennets, James Billing, William Clark, John Colton, M.P., Robert N. Gault, Henry Goss, George P. Harris, Michael Kingsborough, Thomas Padman, Charles Pitt, William Rhodes, W. H. Sharland, R. E. Tapley. Architects—Messrs. Wright & Woods. Builders—Messrs. English & Brown. M. Kingsborough, Esq., Treasurer R. E. Tapley, Esq., Secretary. " Except the Lord build the house they labor in vain that build it."—Psalms cxxvii., i.'" The Rev. Mr. Ironside having pronounced the stone duly laid, made a short address, in the course of which he observed that it was with great pleasure that he accepted the wish of the trustees of the new building to lay tbe founda- tion stone, and said there was nothing which he had done since his connection with the pro- vince that he should look upon with greater gratification. They built that house of prayer not in opposition to any Christian Church, the motto of the Wesleyan Church being We are friends of all, and enemies of none." There was no other place of worship in the neighborhood, and a large number of persons dependent upon their ministry lived in the neighborhood, so that they regarded the erection of a sanctuary there as being necessary for their operations. They erected it believing God would bless it. He was greatly delighted to see, so numerous an attendance, sanc tioning the Important and necessary undertaking. The children of tbe schools then sang two verses of the following Jubilee hymn, oomposed by the Rev. Thornley " Hark i the joyous sound is swelling, Hark ! the song of Jubilee; Of the Saviour's triumphs telling, Of his conquests yet to be. Jubilate! Jubilate! Christ shall reign from sea to sea " Missions! Missions ! they were founded, Heathen nations to release; Faithful men went forth and sounded The glad trump proclaiming peace. Jubilate ! Jubilate ! Never shall the tidings cease. "Fifty years ago the story Of the love of God to man, Spread in richer streams the glory Than when first the work began. Jubilate! Jubilate! Thousands heard of mercy's plan, "Rich has been the tide of blessing, Loud tbe song of liberty; Light has pierced the Indian's dwelling, Afrio's sons have been get free. Jubilate ! Jubilate ! Saviour we rejoice in thee. " See the Gospel Banner waving -Where the Hindoo's temple stood; See the isles of Fiji craving' For the bread of life as food. Jubilate ! Jubilate ! They no longer thirst for blood. " Far and near our Churches flourish, Myriads chant their joyful lays; Schools the children guide and nourish, Old and young hosannahs raise. Jubilate! Jubilate! Great Redeemer! Thee we praise. "Wider fields are still before us, Where to sow the precious seed; And that seed from heav'n's rich storehouse Will supply the world's vast need. Jubilate! Jubilate! Onward let tbe work proceed. 'Bring your offerings, Christians, bring them, Bring your offerings, rioh and poor; Bring your sons and daughters, bring them, Let them enter every door. Jubilate! Jubilate! Spread the tidings more and more. ' May we catch our father's spirit, In this year pf Jubilee; May we all their zeal inherit, Full of faith and courage be. Jubilate! Jubilate! Lord, we give ourselves to thee." The Rev. John Watsford next delivered an address' but excused himself from speaking long owing to the op pressiveness of the weather. He said every Christian must rejoice in the erection of another house of prayer. To him it wm very pleasing to see so mapy Churches erected and being erected In South Australia, and especially in Adelaide. •They laid the foundation-stone of that Chapel, because in it the glorious gospel of the blessed God would be proclaimed. If anybody ftBkea wbat Christian truths would be preached there, he would say in the language of old Methodism— "A present salvation for all men from all sin." They taught the doctrine that Christ had died not only for their sins bat for the sins of the whole world—a doctrine which, as Dr. Guthrie said, bound " the throne of mercy round, and perish the hand that shortens it a hair's breadth." They preached salvation for all men—that it was the privilege of the believer not only to be forgiven, but to be cleansed from •11 unrighteousness, and to be preserved body, soul, and spirit blameless until the day of the coming of Christ. They preached all that to be attained in this life by faith in Christ Jesus. They also rejoioed in that house because it wonld not only be a commodious but an elegant and a beautiful building. That it would be good they knew because it was in the right hands. They did not think that beautifal structures—that architectural order and beauty—were neces sary to achieve the great work they had to perform. Their forefathers preached in barns, mud houses, and log huts, and God's blessing rested upon them, for they were instru mental in saving many souls. But they believed they were in a better position to dedicate more worthy structures to the servioe of the Most High, and they recognised it to be their duty to do so. They further rejoiced that friend shad come forward to assist them in the undertaking. They were not believers in mere outward form; but they hoped and trusted . through the instrumentality of that erection, and the means of grace afforded with it, that the conversion of many aonls wonld be attained, as it was that alone whioh would satisfy them. He hoped that their communion rail would be thronged with broken-hearted penitents, seeking the mercy of God, and then the place would not be built in vain, J3e prayed that God would bless the erection, and that He wonld preserve the workmen from accident and evil. The rev. gentleman then announced that the collection wontd be made. The collection, consisting chiefly of voluntary offerings on the fonndation- stone, amounted to about £U. The Rev. J. Cope then gave out the 737th hymn, part of which being Bung, he closed this part of the proceedings by prayer and the benediction. We subjoin an architectural description of-the proposed bniidirig:— "Tbii new building is to be cruciform in plan, with a tower and steeple at the north-eastern intersection of the nave and aisle walls* and when finished will be capable of accommodating 1,000 persons. It is proposed at present to build the nave only, which will he 79 feet long, 40 feet wide, •nd 63 feet to the ridge, and will hold 440 persons. The design is transition gothic, lighted by six lancet windows on one aide and five on tbe other* and by two small windows and one large tracery yrlniow m front. The former are so arranged that one-half of each window will open, bnt the latter is to be filled with stained glass. The entrance is through a large door in front and another under the tower, both being rich with mouldings, opening inside into a screen under the choir. The inside of the building will receive its adornment from the roof, which will be open and supported on moulded principals, resting on carved corbels, and will be stained to represent oak; the ceiling will be boarded and painted white, thus giving a good relief to the principal timbers. The ceiling is not open to the ridge, but is finished at the collar beam, so as to leave a good space for heated air. Ventilation is continued through air gratings in the walls under the floor and in the aisles, tnence it escapes through perforations in the ceiling into the open air, through numerous apertures in the roof* The walls are of Dry Creek rubble masonry, neatly pointed with out stone dressings. The roof is to be slate. " The designs are by Messrs. Wright and Woods, and the builders Messrs. English & Brown, who have contracted to build the nave for £2,755." ' _ THE TEA AND PUBLIC MEETING. The ohildren were regaled with refreshments; and a tea lor the elder friends was provided in a booth erected on the ground. It was attended by about 400 persons; and after the removal of the tea things, the public meeting was commenced. The meeting was largely attended, the booth being quite filled. ^ Mr. John Colton, M.P., presided. After the usual pre liminaries, Mr. M. Kingsborough, Treasurer to the Trust, read a financial statement showing what had been .done towards the building already. It appeared that the sum of £1,137 4s. had been collected or promised, including dona tions of £200 by Mr. Colton, £100 by Mr. F. H. Faulding, and £100 by Mr. G-. P. Harris. The afternoon's collection realized £13 19s. 5d., and the tea meeting £15 8s., making a clear total of £1.166 lis. 5d. iCheers.l The Chairman then commenced his address, humorously alluding to the structure In which they were met; but remarking, that notwithstanding this he trusted their gathering might be profitable in many respects—not only In a pecuniary sense, but in the information and good that might be done. They all knew that he felt considerable in terest in their present proceedings. For many years it had been considered essential that a place of worship should be erected in Kent Town; and the site was deemed suitable and elevated, so that the structure would stand out and make itself known to all. He believed the exterior of the new building would be exceedingly pleasing. They did not ignore ornament in con nection with places of worship; on the' contrary they thought it was right. (Cheers.) He was also satisfied that the interior would not only be comfortable, but beautiful, and such as to refleot credit upon their Church throughout the colony. The necessity for the erection must appear to every mind that studied the question. Pirie-street was able to accommodate 1,200 persons, and upwards of 1,000 sittings were let. They had been obliged to refuse accommodation in that Chapel to many families. With respect to their Church at Norwood, he was told that all the sittings were taken up, and that they had no accommodation for the in creasing population of the neighborhood. With these facts then before them they could not but admit that another erection was essential, and that it could be supported with out draining either of the other sanctuaries. The trustees, with whom he rejoiced to be associated, had gone fully into the question, and they believed that . God- would bless the undertaking which they had that day commenced. He did not wish unduly to estimate Methodism, but he had a few statistics, which he should like to give them. They had close upon 120 places of worship in the colony, and res pectable places, too ; they were not "|wattle-and-dab," and the foundation-stones of others were being laid. They gave accommodation for 21,000 of the population of South Australia. This was about one-seventh of the whole colony; and In Victoria, where Roman Catholioism was so rampant, they had accommodation for about one-twelfth of the whole population; and in New South Wales their proportion was not so favorable, .being about one-twenty- third. Therefore they had reason to congratulate themselves upon the work they were doing in South Australia, It was satisfactory to know that they had not commenced a building before it was really necessary. The "erection had long been contemplated, but they had never seen their way clear to commence the undertaking until now. They had now, however, commenced it, and he was glad to see so many friend3 from different parts present, for they wanted their sympathy, their prayers, and their money. After a few other remarks, which were muoh ap plauded, he called upon The Rev. W. Brown, who moved the following resolution: "That this meeting, being persuaded of the great necessity of providing church accommodation for the rising and im portant district of Kent Town, which as yet possesses neither church nor ohapel, rejoices that at length the foun dation-stone of a substantial, commodious place of worship has been this day laid." He rejoiced in those services, and he pitied the man who could not rejoice in them. The asso ciations in connection with the laying of the stone were of a joyous kind, but there were other matters for joyousness. He rejoiced that the sanctuary was dedicated, not to one particular sect, but to the Triune God. He rejoiced also that they would there have a ministry that would preach the Gospel in its simplicity. He rejoiced also that they were carrying out their denominational responsibilities. He re j oicea that in that township they were goihgjto erect a building that would be a credit to the village and an honor to the body. (Cheers.) Methodism came to them in its vast responsibilities and in its blessed privileges. Their fathers sustained the churches in all their integrity—they provided for them, and they in turn must provide for their children, so as to preserve, extend, and perpetuate Methodism upon the earth. He rejoiced also because the erection of the pro §osed edifice would give them another channel for the out owings of their liberality; Giving was a means of grace, and why should they deny their people the realization of that happiness which Christian benevolence secured. After relating an anecdote illustrative of the joyousness of giving, he proceeded to remark that he might present many other reasons for rejoicing; but time would not allow him. They would rejoice, and no man should fake away their oy. (Applause.) Mr. T. Padman said the movement bad his hearty sup port, and he was sure none of them would regret having subacribedtowards the building, for he felt convinced that nothing would be preached in it except the pure principles of the Gospel, which contained according to Rowland Hill three cardinal doctrines" Ruin of man by sin: Redemp tion of the world by Jesus Christ; and Regeneration of our nature by the Holy Ghost." These three "r's" would be pro claimed in the new building; but in order to do this they wanted the assistance and co-operation of all interested In it, which he urgently besought. He cordially seconded the resolution. : The resolution was carried. The choir here rendered the anthem "When the Lord shall build up Zion," in a very creditable manner. The Rev. John Cope proposed the second resolution, 1 which was to the following effect -.—"That as the trustees of the Kent Town Jubilee Church have laid themselves under considerable pecuniary obligations in their endeavor to meet the religious wants of this locality, this meeting pledges itself to assist the trustees in their undertaking to the utmost of their power." He, too, expressed great pleasure at being present on that occasion; and then proceeded to commend the resolution to the meeting. The Chairman, he said, had so clearly shown the necessity of the erection, that he did not Bee how they, as Wesleyans, could shirk their obligations to support it. He had great pleasure in moving the resolution, but he should not confine himself wholly to pleading to them to liquidate their responsibilities, for he^felt quite sure they would do that without any urging from him. They might look at a place of worship in so far as they were interested in it. There was a commer cial view to take of the matter, and that was that if they would have a thing worth the haviug they must pay for it. A place of worship was calculated to exert great influence ; it was a testimony in itself for God. No inhabitants could see it or listen to the bell without knowing its existence; and the silent testimony of the fabric would be conveyed and would no doubt sometimes do good. Then, again, a township that contained a plaoe of worship was a desirable spot to reside in—(hear)—for no one could avoid feeling the leavening and beneficial influences which it exerted. He was very glad that they were going to erect a suitable and hand some building. He had no sympathy with barn-like build ings when the people could aflord to erect a better one. (Cheers.) He was not fond of too much ornament; but their sanctuaries should be Buch as would accord with the beauty and holiness of the Lord. If they made it comfortable their children would be'the more pjeased with it, the more likely to join in its sacred exercises, and it would doubtless stimur late them to support it by their gifts. He had been speaking to them in the light of interest, hut he would now turn to another aspect or the question—that of duty. It might be said that the New Testament dispensation released them from dedicating a certain portion of their income to the ser vice of God, and released them from the injunctions and obligations of the laws of Moses. He admitted this, but he still contended that the spirit of the old dispensation was merged j into the New Testament dispensation and ran through ;t. They were to emulate the character of Jesus, who though he was rich yet for their sakes became poor, Let them be His disciples, and let then* show by their deeds that they were actuated by the same principles'which guided him. He would not longer detain them from hearing their friend Mr, Floekart, who had a long speech to give them. (Applause.) ine Rev. R. C. Feockart seconded the resolution, and said he had been made most happy by the day's engage ments. When he looked upon the intelligent and deeply interesting meeting he felt very proud, for infidelity never collected a gathering like that. (Cheers.) He had looked at the foundation-stone which had that day been laid; ai* he was not disposed to quarrel about their calling the building a. "Church," as the longer he lived the uselessne33 of bickering about trifles and the importance of preachin°*only the cardinal principles of Christianity became the "more apparent to him. (Applause.) He was glad that they had connected the word "Jubilee" with the building; for what thoughts did it call up ! In the year 1838 the ship Fanny was wrecked on the coast of Encounter Bay. The late Rev. Mr, Longbottom, with his excellent wife and son, were in that vessel, and little did they think of the great results which would flow from the labours of that minister. The chapel in which they were worshipping soon became too small, and twelyemonths after the wreck of the Fanny a sanctuary was opened in Gawler-plaoe, tben in the bush. Afterwards the building wM Sold to the Baptists, and he trusted the friendly relations which subsisted between them would be perpetuated, for they were the " friends of all and the enemies of none." (Plaudits.) At this time he said they were connected with the Sydney distriot, and a gentleman writing from England suggested that the ministers should preaoh in Sydney in the morning, in Mel bourne in the afternoon, and in Adelaide in the evening. (Laughter.) When Mr. Longbottom arrived there were six local preachers, seven class leaders, 50 church members, and 100 Sunday- school children. Now, however, they had 196 local preachers, 241 class leaders, 3,482 church members, and 7,251 scholars, who were connected with no schools. If they had competitive examinations in connection with their reli gious denominations he felt sure even Mr. Gardner would admit that they had done their spellings well. (Laughter, and cheers.) In 1840 Mr. Longbottom left through illneBS for New Zealand, and his' place was supplied by Mr. Eggle ston and Mr. Weatherstone. In 1843 and '44 great misrepresentations were circulated about them, and in the latter; year they were struck off the roll by the distriot at home; but by prayer the breach was afterwards repaired. In 1844 Mr. Longbottom returned to them. After him they had Mr. Draper, then Mr. Butters, and now they had Mr. Watsford, who was leading on the band to conquest and viotory.. (Cheers.) With reference to the money question involved in the motion, many might say they had already given, or that they had no money. But there was money everywhere, and he was not going to insult that Jubilee meeting by begging. Let them do their duty, and God would be with them, and bless them. The progress of Methodists was always for ward; they made no provision for progress backward. Let them go onward and conquest was certain. (Loud ap The Chairman here announced that the collection would taice place, and in.doing so he stated that the cost of the building, including fencing, &c.;, would not be less than £3,000. The Conference requirements rendered it necessary that the trustees should see their way clear to the attain 'ment of at least two-thirds of the total amount. This they did, andjconsequehtly they commenced the building, They expected to be able to open it in May next, and as soon as the roof was on the ladies would hold a bazaar in the building. The collection in cash and promises amounted to a little over £37, making about £1,200 altogether. The choir sang the anthem "Hearken unto me," very well. The Rev. H. T. Burgess moved "That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the Rev. J. Watsford, for his very valuable address that afternoon." The resolution needed no recommendation at his hands, as Mr. Watsford had by his manliness and zeal won his way into theaffection and respect oi all Wesleyans. The address that afternoon, though brief, was a clear enunciation of the great principles of Methodism. Mr. W- H. S ii arl and tersely seconded the motion, which was carrred. The Rev. M. Wilson proposed in a neat speech a vote of thanks to the ladies, to the stewards, to the choir, to Mr. Justice Gwynne for his present to the children of oranges, and to Mr. Cramond for supplying water. " Mr. H, Goss seconded the motion, which was agreed to. The anthem "Thine, O "Lord" was here given by the choir with excellent effect. Mr. G. P. Harris proposed, in a few complimentary words, a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was seconded by the Rev. S. Ironside, "in large capitals." The motion was carried, and briefly acknowledged, after which the proceedings were brought to a close by the doxology and benediction. • 