NORTHERN " PLANTATIONS" Iii THE SOUTH. I THE New York special correspondent 'of tho Daily Neus writes as follows respecting the impending changes in the Southern States : New York, February 10. I said something in a recent letter as to the growth at the North of a strong feeling in favour j j of" platitio'g" the South as Ulster was planted, : by a body of colonists attached to the United I States Government, and strong enough to hold I the' territory on which they Bettled* against~all j comers. One sees indications on all sidos that this is coming to be looked on as the'easlest solution of the problem .of Southern pacification. It is, however, an opinion J wbioh two years ago could haye I found no currency in any class of the commit , nity, und would,'if it b id preceded instead of fol- lowing the break up of the slave system,' been looked npon as so revolutionary as to b'e insane. It forms the natural close to the rapid and some- what jerky movements in the direction of hosti- lity to slavery which the North has been marking since the war began. The first impulse bf most people was to get the South back with ss little disturbance of the status quo, aa little ' violent change, or change of any kind, as possible. Then came a discussion, as to whether it'was not the duty of the Federal army to restore slaves to the owners, on their line of march, and: to respect this species of property at any cost ; bat it ended in a decision that it was as liable as any other to1 the chances' or exigencies of war. After this there arose ?the question whether, inasmuch as the Confederates used slaves as instruments for en- abling thom to protract their resistance, it was not the duty of the United States ' Government to take these slaves away from: them to any ex- tent that might be necessary to weaken and destroy their military power. This, too, was de- cided in the affirmative. Then people began tb consider whether, if it was lawful to liberate the blackj in order to woiken their owners,1 it' was not also lawful and expedient to enlist the blackB io the Federal service. This,-too, was done ; but not one of these steps was taken,1' grave and radical as were the changes they involved, until publia 'opinion wns - thoroughly ripe for them/ " There has': been1 nothing r ' more striking in the President'« policy than his caution, his thorough appreciation of tho neces- sity in a government of this kind of attempting no'hing novel until the weight of popular senti' ment was clearly and unmistakably in it's favour. So that slaves were first meddled with, were then declared free, .were then armed, and the Sou h still fought en.' The. effect which it was universally expected, both in Europe' and in the Confederacy,1 that this pertinacity would produoe tn tho North would bo to cow and'dis- hearten it; ' Tho effect actually produced hat beán precisely tho reverse1. ' The failure'of each remedy to produoo tho desired elTecVbas simply led to the trial of a ''still stronger' ,bne. .'.'.Thc South could have made' better termB in' ,1801 than-in 18Ö3';;'better' in 1803 than'in 1863, ¡ and'at any time since the' war began çould'hâv'e made vastly fetter terms ¿bah at.thi^ moment At [each stage in the conflict (he '¡demonda bf thc North'havé 'mon.. The question three : jearf ago was' the' dispersión et the Souther^ /armk,; the " question to-day is,' br if not to-day will bc three month's hence, the settlement of theentirt Southern''territory.'' "' ' ' - ." ; ; '.' , '.i'. " ''I cannot help 'reminding^ you, .though the observation may, sound1;ráther,'. $$''í*?*^?*'*' }B What '' most mtelíígent' Americans a^d^mäst foreign ' friends' ? of ' tho '''North', predicted from, ' the outset1/ ' Tbey.'' 'said; ' that , 'tlïe prWa'oted resistanoe, of tbé' ::SoáÍ^'7'^pQld commit/the whole North to hostility:!tb slavery, 'and load to its destruction ; that the harclar t,bo Confederates fought the higher the spirits ôf.th'e freo states would riso; and is Was on thU'theory that their adVooaoy of tho claims bf tlie North to Etlglish sympathy was based. Tho Southern partisauB', headed by Mr. Spence,took a directly opposite view 'bf tho matter. ' They maintained that tho 'tenacity of tho South would ^ccrt/inly destroy what thoro was of anti-slavery aotitinionti at the North; that tho mora difficult tho latter round thV/ task1''^ by' forcé. tHe 'more' o&jeatMt;'* vrouldr;boooniej in its offers'ofco'mprbntfàé Van^,"' 'finally',. Mr. 'Spence'1 .capped ;tb'é ^climat.'by pre-; dieting in . -his ''. great work. : * that the . treaiy pf peace.wh'çh açknpwiedgtd, fhp,^independence] of the South would contain 'a clause binding the North to restore fugitive slaves, of far greater stringency than -ttai Fugitive; Slave' Lav*' itself '| There were¿ I believe, some 'philosophers ol tbe same school-I will riot'say1 thai b^e was of the number-Who' seemed to b j bf opinion : that the North wonld in all probability' be so dazzled by the vigour and"bnlHa'ncy bf Southern .strategy , that they would, restore slavery on' their own soi), in,,.the,, nope t'jat it ' ,'wónld ' jnfút'ñ into them some, of the high qualities , with, whioh it. had,apparently -gifted' their opponents.' j .The war wil| Bo'on ;beVin:'' 'its, fourth - year. There is a third army- of o ver 600,000 ! rnen be >ng put on foot ;,'there'.,-is -a «debtj bf "nearly 1,500,0.00,000 .dollars,contracted 'there have been nearly'200,000 men killed and wounded on the Northern- aide:jr American" .ships: have been well nigh driven off the ses, and,, the end can hardly be said' to'ba yet visible. ' When I sit down to'wr^fe.tb you bf what ia" uppermost in the publié mind at thia ' moment, I ought, ¡if the Southern? calculations-were correct', to haye to tell you of à series of efforts on; the, part of the majority --. -atv the . ' -North ^"to [ bring about a reconciliation, involving." ilhe an- nexation of all the free States, . except ^tbose of New . England, to,'"-.thé ' rcpdfèdaracy, with, a "récognition of Jefferson Davis a's PresK dent. '1 buRhl'to have to discuss the impending success of a scheme for?'. legalising alayeholding over the whole territory of the Union ; the legal assimilation of slaves to all' other, kinds of property ; the,adoption ¡in New. York and Ohio of Southern views on government and educa- tion ; the restriction.of the suffrage to the rich,, and the denial to the poor of gratuitous instruc- tion ; the growth of o. sentiment in favour of the. repudiation, of the national debt, and. the adoption of that of the Secessionist's1. . I ought, in short, to have to warn you of the approach of an . exhibition . of cowardice, - meanness, and servility.; on " the part' of the Northern peoplo such as has never yet been witnessed in modero times? -.i.' ' ?'. ' So far from all this, however, .the destruction bf slavery appears to be.'irrevocably dpcided oh by all 'olésses and conditions ; .even 'the democratic ;patty ia, Actively - aiding", iii ; ,the ériíistrnent of negroes. Hajti has been recog. niied, and, its' sable'minister received ; blacks have!, appeared at levees in tbe White House; passports"!are granted ' to ' coloured men : as: citizens; slavery baa been, prohibited io Vail, the territories of the United; States, and there is now a bill böfore the Senate for the repbal of the Fugitive' Slave Law, although it Bas for years been a dead letter; and when I come to think what ,it ie . that people, are: moat -occupied about, it seems to 'be' a.grand'.scheme' for settling the , unoocupied abd confiscated lands , of the 'South with "settlers from the free States. ISveri if the North, has, been as thoroughly beaten in the obntest aa its worst enemies make, out, " the more. it has lost and suffered,. theVmore helpless tho contest in which j it is engaged may appear,/the more thoroughly mistaken its opponents in England, are.shown j tobe in their estimate of tho character of its' people. I The price of confiscated lands ¡a rising steadily at each successive sale-a proof ot the increasing I confidence'of the public in the title offered by I the. govern men t,,fli^d singularly enough some of the highest : bidders have been emancipated negroes. The eyes of the soldiers and cffioers in the field, as well as of all adventurers nt home, are eagerly fixed upon the cotton lands, owing to the confident opinion, that slavery is nowt so . far.. damaged that it. will be, impossible to work the plantations on the old; system. Slaves-will not work as of old, and cannot be kept together after. ¡100,000 of their j brothron have been soldiers, and nearly half ai million more, have obtained their freedom. So' that even those; of the slaveowners who escape i the emancipation deoree by ' a show'bf loyalty i will be compelled tc- resort to free labour.',, The Vast majority,! need hardly say, have.no loyalty' to show, and as the rule of the Federals extends, these landa fall under the hammer, and swarms: of free settlers rush in to fill up the vacuum' -men" with ' no ' theory to uphold' ahbut negro colour or facial ang'e, or calves' of Io'gs^or the shortcomings' of Ham; but who aro simply intent óñ making money in the readiest and best way^ They are of course advocates, pf free labour, and have ho scruples about employing anybody and everybody: who chooses to' work. Itis still yet rather too early to attempt to aura up the resultB of thia 'movement. I ;can only say that it ii going on an extensive scale in Ten- nessee, Mississippi, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Missouri, and that the'eagerness to share in it is spreading at the North,' and will, , I think, betöre very long¿ sensibly Jaffeot the; tide of immigration '-to the ,. west. . -The pressui'e on cthe ' barrier of military restric'ipns .is already greater11 'than ,'it can" wpU,bearj arid if tho operations' now in progress are'sue cessful/the rush bf adventurers into the cotton fields-in thé'rear bf the'armies will .be vory great -so great, .in my opinion,1 as'.tb settle'the fate of tho Sou'h. All speculations about ita future into i which this element does not enter, will be value- less, and' it ' has already assumed an, aipeot sufficiently appalling to terrify large' numbers of tba planters in , the soberer States,, auch .aa North Carolina. Toe resolutions which were passed at tho meetings held in that State do not i hesitate to denounce the war bn ' tho. ground mainly that "its <continuançè.'|'is destroying all chance of saving eventheir land's;,' .'? '."' ,'. ? EnDrTioN or' TWO' BOBMINO": MOUNTAINS - QrhcÁx, DBSTBOOTION or XIVB-By the ßtraiu Timei :o' Jami . il ao. just oome, to,Uind,we learn-that tba island .of, Java ha» eu ff ired severely from, empilone.. The moorul taina Mer'apl abd Ktael had'both batet forth, and all the towna iu their neighbourhood hal been burled,'in'vol.: oaolo ; aeh and lava, \ The aeb,--ao violent Were Ibo: eruptioDB, waa e»».n carried to plaaea at. a- distance ol o'g'bty nil|ca frum.whonop lt.,waa, thrown, up.. ,.A .li tie* village called Biliar ia supposed .. to bava boen tolallji 'óvéiwhelruéd' and 'destroyed, and In several planea' thoi augar^audittobtooo ¿ropa ware.entirely mined. The] worst pat^ of the catastrophe I ronvtlna 'to ba told, for the latest nooourits slate that.at leaat. 800 livoa-wtrel ibat:. '? .-. ' ? T.' ,,".;.' '. , ; , ,; . .. ¡ .' A .NBW'' FpKOTBAt- Iixüsrow.-To tho Edl'.or of the ; Dally ifViu>i,-Sir.-Perhaps tbe'followlng brief dasorlp- ; lion,of a weansuwhereby apparently, living ibelngs of, tl||lpat'an., B'zB, ,;,but, , wlth .life-like proportions, and oharaoterlal'la»,' appearing and aotinaj lu oonoeit wita, real parsons on the' Barbe atago, will afford sn (Bolen t excuse for oaoapylng a small apaoal in'your valuable o ol um ti a'. Aa ¿ha meaos invented :by Dltolta. and aobseqaontly Im prayed' by, BilveBtri, for, producing , lifoelaa, speo.ral Usurea, are now generally known, it will attffloe to a'ate that tba Lilliputian ghost may be produced by ollhor 'tf tba following moona:-1."By substituting'evob'n vex'-for either; tba (lain transparent or silvered mirror, os nt preepnt usod., ,3,'By.p\aolng a suitable dinalnlahlng lena between tho "npeotro.produolDg , objuot or ,the,silvered mirrdr and 'transparent ono. Tho same maana 'Will, allow tba phantom imagos to bo enlarged or dl.nlnla'ioil' at- »III,,and (hus-, may . be .faithfully rinrtrayod anmn of I t'toBO marvellous soonon In Qalllvei's Travels and otbtr ; tales that have io amatad ont ohlldhood and youth, I 