"WILUA.M AND LA.VY. A Pastoral Poem. (.Scene—The Crown Lands: villagers standing by; squatters, with flocks and lierds, in the distance.] WttLlAif (the new Shepherd). See, O see! the mournful Lavy Comes this way with doc and crook Comes with heart and eyelids heavy, Comes with dark and dismal look. Well I know his cause of sorrow— Bis no more are flocks and herds; All his sheep must go to-morrow, All his milk he turned to curds. I, the joyful shepherd fated To receive the happy charge. Come with tuneful pipe elated— Lavy wanders forth at large. Chohus op Squatters. Let hira wander where he will, Cattle-slaughtering with him goes. Also that atrocious Bill For branding sheep upon the nose. Shameful laws, O wretched clause! To brand the sheep upon the nose. Lavy. "Ses. my masters; but I pray you Be not quite so merry yet; In my wand'rings I may play you Little tricks j-ou won't forget. . . As to " Vjlliam,'-' who comes crowing. With a face all shiny bright, I can tell a tale worth knowing, Which won't give him much delight— I can tell of sheep all wandering Through the vale and by the brook; These your William, always pondering, Ne'er will find by hook or crook. He, of self and pelf is dreaming, Goes wool-gathering all the day; L with every virtue teeming, Could not lead the flocks astray. Chobus op Tieua-geus. O you Lavy, spiteful Lavy! Let young William try his hand; Well he is known through all the valley, Gentlest shepherd in the land; He will lead the flocks to water, See where every lambkin goes; Never bring in Bills for slaughter, Never brand the tender nose. Shameful laws, O wicked clause! To brand the sheep upon the nose. William. Softly, neighbours! do not mind him; William's heart is right and true; Friend and foe will ever find him Quite "all there," and faitliful too. Let those bitter words be taken At their value, and no more; People's faith remain unshaken William served them well before. Cnonus or Sqoattees. The lambkins skip, the lambkins play. For dreadful Lavy goes; Jfe goes and takes the Bill away For branding every nose. Lavy. Murrain seize upon your bullocks, Scab devour all your sheep,. Drought descend upon your hillocks. Blight through all your valleys sweep! Ain't that strong enough to please you? Then, pray listen to my words May the ghost of Lavy teaze you— I All your flocks and all your herds; May his warniugs strike with terror All the land from hill to sea, Till the people see your error In thus sacrificing me. Full Chobus. What a dreadful imprecation, Because the Association Just threw the Branding o'er— The Branding and the Bill To slaughter aud to kill, Which again shall meet our'eyes O never, never more. [Lavy at the conclusion of this chorus disappears. Shiny William and the villagers join in a country dance, and the squatters stand a treat.] A seaman was asked by a lady .bow be felt when the waves dashed over him {having just returned from a voyage where he was nearly ship wrecked)'.—" Well, ma'am, very wet," was the reply. An honest fellow, dying intestate, left two infants to the care of his brother, requesting him to act as his executor. The latter applied to a man of moderate abilities for advice, who advised him to consult a lawyer. He did so, and the fol, lowing conversation took place:—"Pray, Sir,are you a civil villain?" "Do you intend to insult me, Sir?" " It is for that purpose I came here. My brother died detested, leaving two infidel children, and I wish to know if I con be theif executioner," 