ST. JOHN'S PARSONAGE. Tie ceremony?of laying tlie Corner Stone of St John's 'Parsdnage, Upper Goulburn-street. took place yesterday afternoon, in the presence of a Urge assemblage of Mes and gentlemen, on the sile ou tlie northwest side ot the street, opposite the St. John's School-house, where a Union" Jaok was hoisted and suitable arrangeints made for the clergy, ^choristers, L others who were to take part in the proceedings. A procession formed at the Scheol-house, consistine of the committee, singers, and clergy, followed^y visiting, ladies, and gentlemen. ^A number of children belonging to the Sunday School were stationed in front of the enclosure. As the procession advanced found the buildlag, the choir and people sung Psalm™, 15-26. ia-ZO. When nucu the """ clergy fiJ (consisting of the Ven. Archdeacon Davies, Revs. Messrs Cox, Dr. Parsons, Hudspeth, Buckland, Quilter, Smith, and Davenport,) and choir hod reached the stage on the building, prayers were intoned by the Rev Mr Cox, with responses by the choir. Mr Brammall, as Clergyman's Churchwarden, then placed a leaden box with enclosures in a cavity in the.stone, stating its contents, and reading a copy of the inscription inclosed as follows:— LACS DEO.—The corner stone of this house was solemnly laid on tlie 30th day of May, in the year of Our Lird one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, by Sarah, uife of the Rev F. II. Cox, Incumbent of the Church of St. John Baptist, in Hobart Town. The house so founded will be built in reliance upon the Divine benediction of Our Lord Jesus Christ: by means of the free-will offerings of a large body of contributors : and is designed to bear the name of ST. JOHN'S PARSONAGE, and to be set apart fer ever as the dwelling of the Clergyman who may from time to time be appointed under the authority of the Lord Bishop of Tasmania to be Incumbent or Minister of the neighboring Church of Saint John Baptist. TTENEY HUNTER, Architect. WM. WARE, Builder. The document was also signed by the Clergameu and officers of St John's Church. Mr 6. P. Adams next read an address in the name of the committee and contributors, to Mrs Cox, wife of the Rev Incumbent of St John's, having reference to the efforts for providing the Parsonage, and requesting that lady to lay the Stone, Mrs Cox, in compliance with the request, proceeded with the ceremony, having received from Mr Hunter, the Architect, the trowel, ix, for the purpose. The R,ev Mr Cor pronounced the Benediction, as follows:— Here may true faith, and the fear of God ever remain ; here may a holy household dwell together in unity, setting a wholesome example to the people of Christ; here may daily honor be rendered to the name of God, the Father, the Son, and tlie Holy Ghost. Amen. A hymn having then been sung to the tune of " Melcombe," The Rev Mr Hudspeth read the lesson taken from Coloss. m. 16 to rv. 2. The Ven Archdeacon Davies delivered a brief address, in which he referred to the gigantic strides made in the ciuse of religious and benevoleut progress of late years in England, where the annual income of Missionary Societies, &c;, had now reached one million sterling. He alluded to the late and present Bishops of Loudon, and their eminently successful efforts in the promotion of Church and Parsonage building, especially mentioning the scheme of the present Prelate of Loudon for raising one million for building and endowing churches, Parsonages, <tc. From a late account received from tlieir old friend Mr Gell, through whose exertions the buildingopposite (St John's School) had been erected twenty years ago, it appeared that he had just opened a fourth Church iii his parish, and was then about to build a fifth, and all within twelve months " •"*"> •*" "vrivo monius. He referred also to the great exertions of the Rev Mr Cox, in promoting the building of St John's new Church, even at a time when labor was, so dear, and he believed he was correct in saying that there was not at the present time a Single debt on the Church. He was sorry to find there was a deficiency of £400 or £500 in ,r . , ., n * . * , , the fund for the Parsonage, but he expressed ills hope and confidence tliat the necessary means would be forthcoming. Having eulogized the merits of Mr and Mrs Cox, and expressed hrAoeorl his liin gratification n i u , _ A at . ii.^:. their success, JI the - ven gentleman concluded by ascribing to God the Giver of all good, the praise and glory. The Rev Mr Cox offered the concluding prayers, and the proceedings then closed. There will be a tea meeting at St John's Sohool this evening. 