I ?^ToBLESmG HOLSTEIN from ^'i^f-^S^. collars by the "liberator." of Schleswig L "T quarrelled amongst themselves still '! U have crossed swords with so I" said tiosold.cisof the Germanic sensual' so as to give way to the offer rich execute the behests of Von friends also" (his athwart the question TsmtY i J armed occupation of the Duchies re" more important than any passing 'fathers Danes and Germans Day by J' S assumes now aspects, each J more comprehensive than the last 'degree if "passage to describe the s 's sale a single plirase.woshotild say wheats annotated simply a ¿'.'»'»S the decks We cMv host of old outworn notions, n '""either """the number, must be thrown /jffirtSwd and inevitable battle load Woy 's for the Duchies has been ,ntSl°ncpi'ouomthe great story, merely a ""HI stubby prologue to the Imperial Thomson Paris, St Petersburg, Turin, a ""oXnllhn c their parts to pïay, when Areas. will BE'" between them, Fellow to stage little clearer In the "Vic v cc the far-off miss the 'A". I F he, made a figure Any statesman ZT 'also"" 'full and., convenient dress picture morality can exercise list V" are. a nuisance in Europe one and it is to be Out Ore P u Man Mr man may IT' '"' .',,, more than an unscrupulous -In it he in li" one of this' hotel I'!" , wife and ninths front in Innes of K, r"Na,,!. He has played for the ) 1,4 MR. In ,,0"> llL """ Player Cm stipulate in Germany, and the olds [I rested one day both in his fall or arrival STill reprobating the man and L", , "tiioiinjctbcjusltoHiem-Wt 1 not unit i 1'" <".'?» remisent silencing ,''"" needing He only Continental states the line H dirty and definitely expressed a ? li he has dahl ed without an evil Jit at Bruise the !". makes "us "0t "S"11»1 Iur'f ringtail but against what he is pleased to Lill 7 Grinham 'was -in old yards at Port Club 13 known under different .", " alienist democracy, 01 Hu nomiUr nr n. ple He I could make G el mary Lil not on the basis of the peoples but on l t of 111 illino t his late Pa U sum 1 develop as h runs to the site a new power 111 Europe by the key and dishonorable as a 0 The train which he employ' the purpose is not 1 T alone He imbroglio thickens Among the nal tin hMi of Germany would be a r keel went in I hope of 1 albeit would be limit to over estimate the importance s co mind a noble 11 tional feeling and turning it to 'somewhat severe liable ends he is pel lines lOTrfil 111 the Tery degree that he is 1111 r spurious He might dismember Denmark, to be only considered as a successful trickster Lit 11 11 mate a new German empire, and he pilasters the balance of power, ' he will goo I or of it came a great pluck 111 history by The time for sounding phrases has passed km turopeisiuslmig on towards realises, Lad Sir litigation Disraeli is perhaps the only tanofniiieu ability who still believes that 11 on cm line instead of a policy it may help the process of dear ing the decks ' if 1914 and consider (he has honored words b aims of pom 1 Stick a lighted candle 111 16 hollow tin up and you can make ainslie times but it sees 11 ghost, wnto 11 few emphatic words upon a piece of official pinch united You may so Hotlines make the people life is that the former represented feel It um b as will therefore to record not as J and 3 is but right 1 in history Hills Hull the old theatre had met of pow it is 11101 found 'The do true was never a great one and it has to arrive t suit Vinci realism, "generale " Of co if it has had some words and meaning in its day- it could not otherwise lim 0 lived so for, a time falsity will not last a week, whilst nil for ama sum of truth and falsehood may endure for a century ever since European Kiss were any thing more than quin 1 els between 11 Jibonng states on some local points of dif r n e this notion of the " balance of power " in 111 one shape or another been recognised to take a comparatively modern example, It is here under stood it when himself a cm aimed, 10 line the use of Catholic To me to Piod slant lightning in the Unity versus warship be as and Henry I of W Pullin and the Sw times, not WcjUii h sympathetic with (her quarrel but 1 iii In dress led the growing influence of "Li mi In I ml again with Follies seven balls 'affair although adopting 11 course of nedolenluiii different followed out the same all through herlongtoiitcst with the dangerously peace of Louis Quatorze for the 1111 medals purposes of practical politics however, it may Ijli the balance of power as as dating from their use , of the Congo s of Vienna monuments in trust ably conspicuous for their Wore regin A of principle but based upon some dim don h notion of maintaining an npiihbrium 111 Europe 1815 how it, was not new era in the history of the Continent 1 is but the natural sequence of 1702 us That Q its the had been the result of preceding 'ones It was the reaction against transport 1 evolutionary propagandism a spirit first jasoliidby the statesmen of the French Con store and afterwards diverted to purposes of money and dynastic aggrandisement by the 'operator, genius of the first Napoleon But 'balance has long ago, after 0 handled THIS long ki kid the beam there is scarcely "ask stipulation 111 those treaties which has U. V101"'«1. and the mere presence of a spark on the throne of France is 111 itself PW how completely the system has broken bleu Jewel! theft "10 old compromises many "Ashantis swaddling clothes, a wheel elbow room, and Europe is at any fire 1,, .""' the former women's "bout over 15 others' Protective chairs, mats S T 15 He have ceased to s 5 15s "stations, to satisfy the StlhJKÍ' °f',"oc,cln life In gifts was ¿r'-'Nof polities his changed , fresh west of "i Clu",'i',tl0'i have arisen and are at sydney problems has been propounded The I01","0" The noise'. 'of 'the great tviinrotli1 -6-1 was cannot be furnished ,hWoncr,ll," Urt>l;eisn SPlnnx ""People lived in,, full no slight Odipus can "secure Stohr c are sending may be fWJ-!. yf mercers are going is clear ,,««w,rtirc,r shellfire busy life ?" of the Tut ¡s"tolcr,lb^ certain that the days raanotr,T 't." 00 me over that peace «r*>Z2 all be ""sustained by any snug p-opl?,,1T. "foreign sovereigns, That the *««Hzzto,:nvo,t,,cn draws <." Lot 5 sec w P? ls together a bright one It In V ]n\nt that POPE" P '""»is longer I live" business One thing, iKi-t'ofLi, ',' artfully attracted a range Mr P vedourhnTCSra Similar "patients Pass at 12 In sacred; " hole notion of I S length or a-A ^ tU"S are all Mts of it on a " almost surprisingly rule I called is a la tcrnl0!:";1 magnitude That U term of ,f0W'W '" flesh is also said ' "?«?t«lhc,ti î"11""1' BUOYS toovey elo sea-front " true science In other and ''a hard 218 "ot formidable simply be kxbl«P>»S.rjiSK Cps TUS(sle bet he finds a dwts na m Wane the whole of the b0='r bea s "le l!°OCl,Comllt,ün those states'' .»»hoiiaht- of flies 'Says the idea of 2000a word if "follows To imagine that aware i" l I ""''finality " or of "de SD.,tsot^111Zi ubloboielh to which all ^PotbCt Mr' 0f deliver a sort battle ,! also west to scattered rain" Jf' England, recognising the b,Cefir"> yard vZ" """ngements, burst from dynastic complications, and yet be ready when the hour strikes to fling her weight of influence into the scales. The " balance " is not yet a just one and that leading state which can honestly recognise this fact, and act independently of selfish motives, must be the arbiter of the future. FIGHT BETIVKJ-.N A LOUD AND A BUTLER. On Tuesday night Lord Abinger, on returning home, found his mother's butler (a married man) intoxicated, and that he had brought a woman into the house. His lordship ordered them both off. The butler resisted, and spoke abusively of his lordship's mother. His lord- ship seized the man to turn him out, when a light ensued, and the butler was knocked down. His lordship then walked upstairs to his room. He was proceeding to wash himself when the butler entered the room and said, "I have got you both now ¡ I'll do for you, and I'll kill her ladyship." His lordship was not then prepared for fighting. The butler struck Hill on the face, and gave him a black eye. Lord Abinger struck him again. The butler used very disgusting language towards Lady Abinger, and his lordship endeavored to draw him from the room, as she could have heard every word in the adjoining room. He afterwards went out for a constable and gave the butler in charge. At the Hammersmith police-court, on Friday, the butler was lined £3. Albion. 