The advantages to be derived from a large payable gold-field within any district is so vast, that no wonder everyone whose fortunes are in anyway bound up with its prosperity, should be almost morbidly sensative to receive any impression favourable to his desires on the subject.- We want to have good news ; we will have them. If any one pronouncing upon any locality we have been, delighting ourselves with thinking auriferous, declares it is net, :fre feel as -if he had robbed us. There is a feverish1 thirst everywhere prevalent for a gold-field. To the mass ;of readers, information about gold-fields is but of little value, nntil too late to be of any practical service. The j discovery of the precious metal exercises an immediate perverting influence on tha 1 general understanding. Those who mean to try their luck as diggers will heed no report that is unfavourable. , Those who stay at at home to profit by the discovery, are just as sanguine and just as unreasonable, nor do we profess to be exempt from the common ex perience. The more necessary then that we should guard against substituting our fancies, hopes, or desires, for those facts by which alone can'be estimated the worth of our gold-fields. Those facts are simply these. Gold has been found in the Wide Bay and Burnett for sonie years. It was first found by Mr. BiDWEtri, Commissioner of Crown Lands, in the ranges of mountains on the Widgee station. Mr. Bid weli. brought specimens with him to Mary borough, and a parly was about to be organised, which he had promised to conduct to the spot where he had collected them ; -but Mr. Bio well died, while these arrangements were in progress and the majtter dropped- Since thenj gold, we are informed on the most reliable authority, is being picked up occasionally in the same locality, but no attempt has ever been made at systematic prospecting. ?' On. the. other side of the district are the Bur nett gold-fields, which have reached a more ' advanced ' 'stage of development. Gold lias been discovered1 scattered in small quantities over a vast arearof the- countiy. At present the largest quantity which a digger has been able to collect, per day, has been half-an- ounce, and this is quite exceptional. .We believe, however,- there is a large area of countiy which will yield a return of five shillings a-day wages; and while this is the case there -is always a reasonable probability that some ground will rb%3mind where the gold has collected in more paying quantities. There are now about sixty men dn the -diggings, which on such a vast field can have done little or nothing to test its pro ductiveness. - The appliances,; too, for extract ing the gold seem to he very rudej, and it may be expected, as these improve, that ground not now yielding sufficient gold. to make it worth while to workj will handsomely pay. Diggers who , would refuse to work on any gold-field , but that had been proved to be highly paying, should not go to our gold-field; but to ?anybody out of employment, there seems a cer tainty of earning what diggers call 'tucker,' ann tp men of enterprise, willing to accept the labour and risk, there is a very good chance of a-profitable venture. We are glad to perceive that a Subscription' Ball is about to be held in Maryborough, and that the gentlemen who successfully conducted the last entertainment of this kind have taken this in hand— a guarantee that nothing will be spated to promote the enjoyment of. the com pany. A complaint was made after the last ball that sufficient notice had not been given to :allow country residents to attend. We are sure no discourtesy was meant if such were the case, and we sincerely hope that this occa sion will be ^seized upon by our Mends in the country to pay the town a visit, and spend a pleasant festive evening with the burgher^ of Maryborough and their wives and daughters. I The surplus proceeds of the ball, it will be seen, are to be devoted to the National School I building fund. It has been determined to bring the new Savings Bank Act into operation on the 1st January, 1865, and the police-offices of Ips wich, Toowoomba, Dalby, Warwick, Surat, Gayndah, Maryborough, Gladstone, Rockhamp ton, Clermont, Bowen, Mackay, and Cardwell, have been appointed officers for the receipt and repayment of monies. It will be remembered that the Government are directly responsible for all monies thus deposited. The smallest deposit receivable is five shillings, but interest is only allowed on pounds, and the rate is £3 15s. per cent, reckoned however only from and to the first day of any month — no interest being allowed for portions of a month. At the end of every year the interest is added to the principal, so that accumulations will take place .by compound interest. The Act can hardly fail of proving a great boon to working men from the fact of its bringing the Savings Banks, as it were, to their doors. — ?' Queens land Times.!' A very narrow escape from total destruction by fire of two cottages in course of erection in Lennox-street for Mr. John Eaton, occurred on Sunday afternoon last. Some mischievous young UTchins, who have been engaged in several pranks of this kind, and who are being watched by the police, it appears, set fire to the shavings within the building, which rapidly seized upon the floor and was extending to the sides of the building, when it was most fortu nately discovered, and by the active exertions of persons resident in the neighbourhood was promptly extinguished. The damage done, we believe, will not exceed £10. The Ghost ef Taabinga has played us a trick. Appearing at r ghostly hour of nisfat he laid before us a mysterious packet endorsed, ' Re port of Mr. Edward's speech to his consti tuents at Gayndah.' We courteously signified that it should be duly published, but strange to say the packet like the ghost has vanished. A 'ghost' wrote to the 'Chronicle' in days gone by some very clever and pungent ietters, and we hoped we had secured the services of another, but he has played us a prank. He may, however, mean this as an introduc tion to a further acquaintance, and we may yet be able to publish his ghostly communications. A sad accident befel a man named Carberry, yesterday (Tuesday) afternoon, while engaged in pile-driving at the wharf being erected at the Union Saw Mills. The unfortunate man was on the ladder of the monkey, adjusting some portion of the machinery, when through a wooden lever which he was using snapping, he fell back from a height of sixteen feet, striking the back part of his head against the flooring which supported the monkey, completely scalp ing it ; he was also severely bruised about the body, but, as far as can be ascertained, no bones were broken. Having been promptly conveyed to the hospital, he was immediately attended to by Dr. Ward, and we are glad to hear that there is every hbjpe entertained that his life will be spared. The Blooq- JTobse Royallteu. — It will be seen in our advertising column that the im ported horse Royallieu now stands at the Oolan River. The pedigree of this horse is un doubtedly from the very best blood of the English race horses of the day. Royallieu ran sixth for the Derby in 1861, — beating twelve horses, and finishing within two lengths of the winner (Kettledrum) ; time, 1£ miles in 2m .43s. Royallieu was imported to the Clarence River, by Mr. C. G. Tindal, of Ramornie, and was only parted with by that gentleman to make room for fresh blood, just imported. Royallieu has been purchased and brought here to stand jn place of Orville, that met with an accident, and had to be shot ; but there can be no doubt 1 that the change will be for the better, and we congratulate the sporting gentlemen of the , district upon the. opportunity which is now afforded them of putting their mares to a horse which we might say stands unrivalled in the colonies, and along with the low charges made holds out every inducement for horse fanciers to get a good animal, either for racing purposes or weight-carrying hacks. From a private letter from the Burnett dig gings we are, furnished with the following valuable information : — 'I am glad to say the diggers oh the 'whole seem satisfied, I should think there are above 60 now on the diggings, a great many have arrived lately, and several have also left, but none of those who have left have done so, but with the intention of getting work during shearing, and then returning. The great cause of their leaving is the want, of a store, on the diggings, and consequently the difficulty of gettings rations ; but now this will be done away with, as Mr. Prank Connolly has arrived for the purpose of opening a store and butcher's shop; and from all I can hear a great many people will come after shearing. There seems to be a veiy general opinion among the diggers that there is a large and rich deposit of gold.inthe neighbourhood. ' By the 'Gazette' we perceive that certain sections of Brisbane and Ipswich are proclaimed of the first-class, in accordance with a request made by the Municipal Council. /The effect of this as will' be seen by the 92nd Clause of the new act is that the erection of other than brick or stone buildings on land thus pro claimed is forbidden ; and also that roofs of shingles or other inflammable material may not be constructed. An infraction of this rule is punishable by imprisonment, without bail, until the nuisance shall have been removed, unless the proprietor dr builder enter into re cognizances to remove it 'within a specified time. Fbom a telegram in the ' Sydney Morning Herald ' of the 19th ultimo, sent from Berrima, we learn that ' the contents of several of the missing mail-bags, abstracted from the mail coaches, it is supposed, in the vicinity of Berrima, at various times during the last three months, were found last night in the bush, about, a mile from here, by some boys who were out possum shooting. All the letters 'found - -were opened, and about a thousand pounds worth of cheques and drafts, and a few half-notes, together with some promissory notes, a few photographs, and a Parramatta label, were found among them. The dates of the letters and papers found show them to have been posted at various times during the months of July, August, and September, and to have been taken from up and down mails. The latest date discovered is September 19th. When they were found by the boys, they were lying near a log, under a quantity of dry wood which had apparently been set on fire, as some of the newspapers found were partially burnt ; it is supposed a shower of rain coming on must have extinguished the fire. No traces of the bags have been discovered. All the letters, &C;, are now in the possession of the police.' The ' Sydney Morning Herald' of Wednes day last announces the death of Capt. Patullo, on the previous Sunday morning, on board the Lady Young, whilst on her passage from Mel bourne to Sydney. Captain Patullo was well known throughout the colony, and a large circle of acquaintances and friends will be sorry to hear that he has for ever passed away. The journal referred to, in a brief notice of the melancholy event, says : — ' Captain Patullo was for many years connected with the steam marine of this colony, and was employed by the new -Queensland Steam Company to superin tend the building of their steamers in England. Their first boat, the Queensland, was brought out to the colonies by him, and he returned to England again in December, 1862 ; he then built and despatched the s.s. Lady Bowen, and finally completed and took command of the Lady Young, and arrived in Melbourne on the 17th instant. That the interests of the Com pany have been admirably attended to is evi dent from the fine style of steamers that have been built under his immediate inspection. The Lady YouDg left Melbourne on the 20th instant, and although Captain Patullo com plained of being unwell notliing serious was anticipated until Saturday, when he had a sud den attack of apoplexy, under which he gradu ally sank, and expired at 1-30 a.m. on Sunday. Captain Patullo was highly respected in the colony, and his death will he a source of regret ! to a large circle of old and valued friends.' Death fbom a Gitnshox Wound. — A cor respondent from the Rocky River gold-field re ports the death of a Mrs. Buda in her home iu the midst of her children from a rifle shot dis charged by a trooper named James Murphy. It is remarkable that the distance between where the shot is said to have been fired, and where deceased stood is stated to be over half a mile, and shows the extraordinary care that should be exercised in the use of these long range weapons. A few items taken from the evidence at the coroner's inquest may serve to impress this. One of the witnesses says, 'he was in the act of reining his horse to the fence in front of deceased's house ; he was out side, and deceased inside the fence, about three yard's distance intervening between them^ she suddenly threw up her hands, and exclaimed, ' Good God, Thomas, I am shot]' I answered, ' nonsense I heard, at the same time, a slight noise, like the bursting of a percussion cap thrown upon a fire, or a little gunpowder: de ceased put her hand to her body and began to stagger about ; I saw no blood ; I did not hear a shot fired.' James Murphy, the trooper, de posed that, ' he took his rifle to discharge it previous to cleaning and oiling it ; in doing so, he stood a few yards from the barrack door ; he fired in direction of the hill which is in front of the door, making sure, as he thought, that the ball would lodge in the hill ; he fired at a cockatoo which was directly opposite to the hill — not flying ; the cockatoo was upon a tree directly opposite to the hill, something in a line with Mrs. Boda's house ; he thought the shot could not go over the hill; tho elevation I at which he fired was not very great.' j Alluding to the proposal of his Excellency Sir George Bowen to introduce into this colony the culture of the currant — not the English fruit, but the 'raisin de corinthe,' which yields the currant of commeice, and is one of the chief exports of the Ionian Isles — the European. correspondent of the 'Guardian' writes as follows : — I regret to be obliged to state, most unequivocally, my perfect convic tion that any attempts to acclimatise the cur rant-vine in your colony would only be attended with certain failure, and the total loss of the time, trouble, and money expended on it. It is a most delicate, but highly capricious plant, and will not bear transplantation to avy other soil than its own indigenous home. Nu merous fruitless attempts have been made to acclimatise it in Italy, Sicily, the Greek Islands of the Archipelago, Smyrna, and other parts of Asia Minor. When I resided at Athens, my next door neighbour, Baron Von Prokesch Osten, at that time Austrian envoy at the court of King Otho, aud the writer of these lines, both went to some considerable expense and trouble in such experiments, and made plantations of currants in our own vineyards ; but when they came into partial bearing, which was in their sixth year — they only bear a full crop when 12 years old — we found that the fruit had degenerated into common grapes without a particle or the delicate flavour and aroma of currants. Why, in some of the Ionian Islands, such as Corfu — as Sir George Bowen will no doubt be able to confirm — they will not grow. But on the other hand, I beg to be allowed the liberty of suggesting to the council of your Acclimatisation Society,, the | very great chance of success they would have in introducing the cultivation of an almost equally valuable fruit from those parts, of a somewhat similar nature, but that very easily bears transplantation. I mean the Sultana grape. When I was at Athens I obtained some cuttings of this vine from Smyrna, and planted them in my garden. They succeeded admirably, and bore such large crops that my own table, and those of my friends were abun dantly supplied with fresh sultanas during the season and they have the additional advan tage of being earlier ripe than common grapes. I believe that they would succeed in your colony, nor would there be much difficulty in obtaining them. 