WOES AND WORRIES OF MRS. LEMONPIP. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER III. IN a terrible state of excitement, Mrs. Lemonpip has- tened up stairs to the back attic, and called loudly upon Mr. McSkilly for help and counsel, in the extraordinary trial which had visited her. Receiving no answer to her verbal application, she drummed at his door with her knees and knuckles, loud enough to stun the thickest head in Sydney; and when that ap- peal failed to elicit a response, she boldly opened the door and entered the room, when, to her further bewilderment, she discovered that her lodger was non est. The window was wide open, and the full moon was shining into the empty bed, from which Mr. McSkilly had most unaccountably vanished, she knew not whither. Various articles of wearing ap- parel were lying in confusion on the floor, but not even the shadow of the owner could be seen; and all sorts of supernatural notions flitted through Mrs. Lemonpip's excited brain, as to the aerial flight of her lodger, and also as to the horrifying fate of her poor husband; while she intimately connected Satan himself with the mystery and the mischief, both up- stairs and down. Alarmed beyond measure, and apprehensive of per- sonal damage by remaining, Mrs. Lemonpip rushed into the front attic, threw up the sash, and, arrayed merely in her night robe and cap, she slid down the dewy slates into the leaden gutter, and made the best of her way to the front attic window of the adjoining house, or number one, which was a young ladies school, kept by Mrs. Backboard. In that attic were three young lady boarders, and a pupil teacher. The latter young lady was just about to put the ex- tinguisher on her candle, preparatory to jumping into bed, when she heard a tapping at the window, and at the same time saw the purple nose, and white frilled nightcap of Mrs. Lemonpip, which was all that could be seen of her, for the window was five feet from the leaden gutter. But even that was evidently more than the pupil teacher rejoiced to see; for she uttered a shrill scream, which awakened the three young lady boarders, and they all screamed too; while they tumbled out of bed as nimbly as sailors in a sinking ship, rushed out of the attic to the floor below, and aroused all the other boarders and Mrs. Backboard, with the startling report that a ghost was in the gutter on the roof, and knocking at their bedroom window. An indescribable commotion filled the house, from bottom to top; and the utmost efforts of Mrs. Back- board to restore order and discipline, failed altogether. Threats of long lessons, and "bad marks," on the morrow, had no perceptible effect in quelling the panic, which possessed every fluttering young heart, and blanched every fair face. The housemaid positively refused to go for a policeman, and received a week's warning there and then; and the cook, with insubordination in her eyes, declared that she would not stir a peg at that time of night, for the best place in the colony. The pupil teacher suggested that they should all shout together from the drawing room windows, and she was sure they would be heard at all the police stations in Sydney; but she was peremptorily ordered to be silent, and to go and look for the wooden rattle in the lumber room, which orders she very reluctantly obeyed. Mrs. Backboard was a strong-minded woman, and had always professed a thorough contempt for spirits of all sorts: so she took a candlestick, and requesting six of the senior boarders to follow her, she boldly ascended to the front attic; but had no sooner entered it, than she turned round and hastened out again, with her face as white as the wax candle in her hand; for she had beheld Mrs. Lemonpip's night-capped head at the window, and had heard her bony knuckles knocking against the glass. The startled school mistress did not wait an instant to see or hear more, but descended to the second floor again almost as quickly as the six senior boarders, who had skipped down the stairs in double quick time each one believing that the ghost was close behind her. Meantime Mrs. Lemonpip was shivering on the wet slates, in a state of mind bordering on despair. She had failed to gain ingress to Mrs. Backboard's, and was unable to regain her own house, for she could not reach the window unassisted. She was afraid to apply for admission at number three, as they kept young men lodgers; so in her helpless misery she squatted down in the leaden gutter, and there indulged in re- flections, bitter as the soot which tattooed her scanty attire. Reverses had befallen her, sudden and severe, and withal shrouded in a horrible mystery, which her reason vainly tried to unfold. But a brief hour before she was the most important member of the house, upon the roof of which she now sat shivering, like a robin redbreast in a hard frost. She was now learning the sternly practical lesson of the instability and the uncertainty of human positions. An hour before, she had a superfluity of comforts at her command, and was in her warm bed, beside her live husband. She was a reverenced wife, and a respected landlady, in fact, the head of a household; now she was a poor miserably wet widow, apparently shut out from society altogether, bereft of her husband, deserted by her lodger, slighted by her next-door neighbour, scared out of her house by Satan, or some of his emissaries, and left all alone beneath the treacherous full moon, in that cold comfortless gutter to bemoan her unprecedented misfortunes, and to unbosom her woes before those frowning chimney-pots, and creak- ing cowls. But the smallest grains, by attentive culture, some- times produce a rich harvest; and those who learn nothing from passing events reject the lessons of ex- perience. Adversity often teaches a wholesome lesson, and "he is the man of power, who controls the storms and tempests of his mind, and turns to good account the worst accidents of fortune." It would perhaps be wrong to give Mrs. Lemonpip credit for much philo- sophy, but she was not devoid of feeling; she had a woman's heart in her breast, although unfortunately it had become rather callous and sour, through long feeding on imaginary woes and worries, petty griev- ances and old tom; and in glooming over her self-made troubles, she had overlooked the many mercies and comforts with which her lot was crowned. A sen- sible scribe says, "Women sometimes do not value their husbands as they ought. They sometimes learn the value of a good husband for the first time by the loss of him. Yet the husband is the very roof-tree of the house—the corner stone of the edifice, the key- stone of that arch called home. He is the bread-winner of the family, its defence and its glory; the beginning and ending of the golden chain of life which sur- rounds it, its consoler, its lawgiver, and its king. And yet we see how frail is that life on which so much de- pends. How frail is the life of the husband and the father! When he is taken away, who shall fill his place? When he is sick, what a gloomy cloud hovers over the house! When he is dead, what darkness and weeping agony." Ah! darkness, and weeping agony! Many poor souls around us at this moment are overwhelmed with it: bowed to the dust under the painful burden of bereavement. May God comfort and strengthen their sad hearts. Little Mrs. Lemonpip felt all the loneliness of sud- den widowhood; and, added to her grief for the loss of a kind devoted husband, was the bitter regret that she had been the indirect cause of his fatal disaster— whatever it was: and the regret too, that she had so very often grieved his loving heart by her childish pet- tishness, or her positive cruelty. Recollections of the thousand little fond acts of her dear lost one rushed into her mind, and tears simultaneously gushed into her eyes—those eyes, which for years had never been suf- fused except by tears of vexation, began to overflow with tears of genuine contrition. She remembered all his kindness, and solicitude for her comfort and plea- sure, as evidenced even that very morning--but which kindnesses she had so often slighted, or indignantly spurned. Then she called to mind his constant ex- ample of gentleness, meekness, patience,—his wonder- ful forbearance with her bad manners, and his frequent prayers for her reformation; and her conscience con- demned her, whichever way she viewed her con- duct. As she sat in searching judgment upon herself she became clearly convinced of the diabolical cause of her ceaseless irritability and furious temper, which had not only made her life miserable, but had made her dreaded and disliked by all her acquaintance—by every one in fact, but the dear, kind, charitable soul whom she had just cruelly hunted out of his body. She became bitterly conscious of the way she had been befooled by the tippling tempter for years past; and she fancied she saw at the same time the hated agent of the evil one before her eyes, sitting in the gutter, mocking her misery. Yes, there sat old tom (the arch old fiend, whom she had daily hugged to her bosom, for many years) in the shape of an immense goggled- eyed toad; tearing, and croaking, and spitting fire at her. There he sat, with all the fiery malignity of Satan himself; and as she gazed at him she hated him, and hated herself too for yielding to the influence of such a vile loathsome reptile; for allowing that deceitful old enemy to tempt her into such shameful neglect of her sacred conjugal duties; and she there and then resolved, that as soon as she got her boots on again she would crunch old tom beneath her heels, and she would smash his black bottles into thousands of frag- ments, and never, never more should he enter her household, to breed disorder therein, and to ruin her body, and soul too. The pupil teacher at number one having found the watchman's rattle in the lumber room, Mrs. Back- board seized it, and entering the front balcony as bravely as a fireman, she rattled a rattle, louder than a sackful of Chinese crackers all alight; which soon brought a posse of policemen before the house, and a large concourse of excited spectators too. Considering it imprudent to admit policemen, or any other men, inside her doors at that hour, Mrs. Backboard explained to the inspector, from the balcony that a mysterious white figure was on the top of her house. "Perhaps it is a white cat, madam," suggested the inspector politely, while some of his men were observed to wink. "It is neither a cat nor a dog, sir," replied Mrs. Backboard, with stately emphasis, "I saw it with my own eyes, and I request that you will get a ladder and catch it, whatever it may be. It has no right to trespass on my roof, and disturb the peace of my house- hold. I give it in charge." A ladder was procured accordingly, when a police- man slowly mounted and peeped cautiously over the parapet, just as Mrs. Lemonpip was finishing a touch- ing farewell address to old tom. As she caught sight of the man's head and shoulders, over the low wall, she uttered a shriek, which made the multitude in the street shudder, and made the man on the top of the ladder hasten down to the bottom again twice as fast as he went up. "What is it? What is it?" asked a hundred voices, as the terrified policeman regained the roadway. "It's a great big ghost, sitting on the slates," said the man, wiping the cold perspiration from his brow. "Pooh! a great big goose!" sneared the inspector, with an angry glance at his shaking subordinate.— "I'm ashamed of you, Wilkins." "There's the ghost! There he is, hooray!" roared the excited crowd, pointing to the roof, where, sure enough, Mrs. Lemonpip was leaning over the parapet, and with outstretched hands was calling loudly for help. "Get out of the way," said the inspector, as he pushed through the throng to the ladder, with laud- able determination in his looks, and nimbly mounted to the roof just as Mrs. Lemonpip had fainted away fairly overcome with terror and fatigue. The inspector summoned two or three of his men to his assistance, and with their united strength they lifted the insen- sible little woman through the window into her own front attic. I must now try to explain the cause of the sudden flight of Mr. McSkilly, which the reader doubtless is anxious to learn. When he was first awakened by the unearthly yells which had so alarmed Mrs. Lemonpip, and after he had heard his landlady's loud cries of distress, he, to use his own words, "thocht auld clootie was coom to tak the mistriss hame," so lest "auld clootie" should want to take him hame at the same time, he sprang out of bed, scrambled out of the window, and hastened to the back attic window of number three. But with characteristic caution he dragged a hair trunk after him, which contained all that he owned in the house, except the scattered gar- ments on the floor, which he would not stay to put on his person. I make no comment just now upon the cowardice of Mr. McSkilly, in thus forsaking his friends in their time of distress; the reader will form his own conclusions on the subject. In the back attic of number three lay a little Celtic doctor, who had recently arrived in Sydney as surgeon of an emigrant ship. He had taken up temporary lodgings in the house of Monsieur Blowitt, a professor of music, and on the night in question, there he lay on a curtainless stretcher, blessing the mosquitos, and other triflers with nocturnal repose, which are not scarce in Sydney in the summer season, as most new comers know to their discomfort. The doctor had, a short time before, made a vigorous attack on the mos- quitos with his waistcoat, and fancying that he had driven them all out of the window, he had put his head beneath the top sheet and began to dose off. He was dreaming that he was crossing the Line again in the good ship Diver; and that his 440 emigrants were dancing with Neptune's crew on the deck over his cabin, just as Mr. McSkilly was dragging his hair trunk along the roof over the doctor's dormitory. On arriving at the open window, Mr. McSkilly unhesitatingly inserted one half of his bony body into the attic, without asking permission, or indeed without knowing whether there was any person there to con- sult on the subject; and having thus secured an entry for himself, he was leaning forward with his long arms trying to drag in his hair trunk from the leaden gutter below the window, for, next to his life, he valued his trunk. At that moment Dr. O'Reilly opened his eyes to behold an undefinable apparition darkening his chamber window and making a rumbling noise on the roof, like a barrowful of bricks, so that in far less time than it takes me to record it, the fiery little Celt decided upon a course of prompt action to punish the bold in- vader of the sanctity of his chamber, and the noisy disturber of his slumbers. It is said that an Hibernian sire once gave this part- ing advice to his son, who was starting out on his travels in foreign lands. "Phelim, me bhoy! whin- iver yez hear of a row hurry to it; an whiniver yez see a head, hit it wid yer sthick." Dr. O'Reilly prob- ably held similar views respecting the policy of hitting heads; at any rate he was not disposed to allow heads or bodies either to intrude upon his privacy unmolested, so he sprang out of bed in a twinkling, seized his shil- lelah, which was always handy, and dealt Mr. Mc- Skilly a mighty crack—or rather thud—not on his head exactly, because his head was outside the window. He hit him very hard, however, and his head very soon came inside the window to see what was the matter behind him, and to ascertain who it was that had be- haved so inhospitably, and then commenced an awful fight between the doctor and the dentist, which I must describe in my next chapter, where I will also ex- plain the primary cause of all these extraordinary occurrences. (To be concluded in the next chapter.) HOW THE CONFEDERATES DEFRAY THE EXPENSES OF THE WAR.—The Boston Advertiser gives a table show- ing the receipts in England, in 1862 and 1863, of cotton which can properly be assumed to be Ame- rican. It appears that while the direct receipts from Southern ports have fallen off largely, those from the Bahamas and Bermudas have enormously increased, thus showing the route which the rebel trade follows. The islands which figure in the British returns are the ports of transhipment. Large steamers are loaded in England for these islands, and there ex- change cargoes with the small blockade runners. In- formation from England shows that one-half of each cargo is for the account of the rebel Government and one-half to the owners; the latter not being allowed, however, to ship any supplies not absolutely needed in carrying on the war. So far as the sales of prize cot- ton show, it does not appear that the blockade- runners are intercepted in more than one trip out of six. From the very reliable computations of our contem- porary, says the New York Times, it appears that, in 1863, 130,000 bales of cotton were available in England, for the Confederate Government or its supporters, for the purchase of supplies or munitions of war. This cotton was sold for gold at a rate not less than 200 dollars per bale, producing at least 26,000,000 dollars. The rebel Government with its share doubtless paid the interest upon its bonds, and recruited its credit so far as to make the 26,000,000 dollars equal to double its amount in purchasing arms and supplies. Used in this effective manner, the cotton was sufficient to arm, clothe, and set in the field an army of 400,000 men. A victim of sea-sickness described the sensation thus:—"The first hour I was afraid I should die; and the second hour I was afraid I shouldn't." The prize obtained by Lady Victoria Cecil at the donkey show was with an animal presented, we believe, to her ladyship some years ago by her Majesty the Queen. 