GLADSTONE ON TAXATION. Mr Gladstone introduced his Bill for tho hotter Collection of Taxos, whioh was read a second timo on Monday ifight, in a speooh whioh was a miraolo of ingenuity. Row oould have supposed that there existed on this dry ground so many varied materials of moral and imaginative interest. It is true that tho greater part of mankind are hopoleBsly igno rant as to the nature of tho gulf.betwoen tho tax collector and tho Chancellor of tho 'Ex- ohequor, and how it is bridgod over. Tho tax paid and tho roooipt filed, no one caros to know what_ becomes of tho raonoy, except that one ocoaaionally reads in tho papers the portontous account of a collector having disappeared, and tho taxes having aotuully to he levied (jaw. An event so . hideous we class with a conflagration or an attack of hydropho- bia— a calamity that only occurs to ono in ten thousand, or not so many. But tli, general puhlio now learns from Mr Gladstone that there is a world of existence, of inoident, and of exoitoment in that fiscal hierarohy of wbioh tho oollecfcjr, with his iron pen, his inkbottle. and his book, is tbe bumble meieeuger and representative ; and that in it there are griev- aqocj, jealouiie#, opportaaitiea of opite and persecution, and. room for catastrophes, ovon t "> tho chunco of wholo parishes beiuig laid under unknown collectors agaioat their wil!g plundered wholezalc, and compollod to mako ; .r good tho defalcations of men whom thoy had no hand in appointing. That tax« "" payers, indood, should suffer grievances iB ; intelligible and probable ; but that parishes, commissioners of lond'tax, asseuod taxes, and income-tax, olerks, osBeesors, and ovcn.oolloptora, should >bo actually Buffering untold wrongs, is a revelation whicli the world was hardly prepared for,.. It.h_a now eourcoof iotoroat, and a new field of sympathy. In tho almost uttor exhaustion of domestic incidents our novelists' might 'find a now world. in Mr L Gladstone's diaolosuros. A general officer, or a lady of rank, compelled by a rejected assessor, or a jealous Board 'of CoihmiBaionors, to.collect.taxei and to sell up half tha neigh bourhood, being thrioo obliged to abandon tho London' season," a Continental tour,' and still moro interesting engagements, but taking a just revenge by bolting with tho money and leaving all the neighbourhood to pay their taxes over again, tho survoyor to go into tho Gazotte, and tho clerk to ' commit auioido, would, at loait, have the olaim of noTolty, and a . dedication to Mr Glad-, stone would seouro a largo and enthu« siastio class of readers For our part we. will not rush in whore the veil ' is so recently ' ' raised, and whore Mr Gladatono himself can not answer for the tompor of.tho agenoios ho has brought to light. Our interest is that of, thb taxpayer. "In that oapaoity we aro quite oontont to bare no voioe in the appointment 1 of the collector, particularly as wo recognize the principle involved in the present system of voluntary assessment, that so long" as the Treaaurer doei not appoint the collector, it will ' not be answerable for his defa'cations. Of oourse wo consider it an object to seouro that the ghost of a tax once laid, it Bhall not revisit us (Then, too, wo cannot but ac knowledge the simplicity and economy of making one set of officials do all tho work. On ono pointy thoro must still bo a differ- , onco of opinion ; or rathor, as Mr Glad stone eays, a deoidod objection, for tho Present, to colleotion by tho officers of the nland Bovonue. In many places tbe office of colleolor ii very valuable, and tho commission ers will bo Borry to part with tbo patronage But should the bill become law, and work well whero allowed a trial, no doubt tho general interoit will eventually prevail against the very natural wishf s of iooal commissioners. As to tho surveyors, they aro not molested for the present, either in their office or in their pay But though tho Ohancellor of tho Exchequer seems to have exhausted nil the grievances of all tho claeeeB ooncerned in fbo collection of taxps, there is ono class, not less interested, whioh may still ask his sympathy and eluci dation, It is tho taxpayer. Mr Gladstone alludes to the fact that ho is notalwAysat homo, that ho is not always in a good humour, ond that ho has not always a handful of co oh within reach. When this happens he is eorrj; for the eolleotor. So oro we, but still more for the " victim." Con sidering tho multitude of theso calls, it is no wonder that a man is not olwayB prepared lor them, and If he cannot writo a chequo for tho amount ho mjBfcputtho collector to tho tronblo of another call. The functionary, however, is either ot no groat distance or ho is frequently going his rounds, and in neither cote is it a great hardship to have to call again. It is his buBinebs to call and call agaim Ho generally knows people Ho is ohoson because his employment compels a universal knowledge Perhaps he is rate eolleotor j perhaps regis- tor j perhaps senton .or olerk ; perhaps school master or auctioneer and appraiser, or ono o tho trades which brmg him into many houses and into contact with many people. Of course, ho knows when a man may be safely trusted for a few days. Even his second or third call does not drive poor householders wild and mako them dream of a distress. They know thoy are in gcntlo hands, and that the stern official element is tempered with the eoftsr spirit of trado The man who is ottcn soliciting orders, and who is paid his Christmas hills, some before Now Year's Bay. some before EhBter, and equally thankful tor tho latter, will not turn a man's houso out of windows. It is not his nature or habit. Ho has somo of the oil of- humanity in his system. Ho has an interest in things going on well all about him. Then, 1 of one thing you feol most corafortobly Bure"-- you will not forget to pay your tax, and find i yourself sold up wirtlout notice You will bo reminded The o. -Hector will call you to your duty at tho eleventh hour. His memory is so faithful that you may bo spared the mental" burden You need not make a memorandum, or stick up tho notioo on tho mantel pieco or knot your handkerchief for the colloctor is sure not t> forget you. At least, if lie should by any cbanco, you will not tako it as a very great slight You will not break your heart if ho should forget you altogether. But as far as wo understand Mr Gladstone's bill it will put an end to this comfortable stato of tilings. Tho officor of the Inland Revenue, in other words, the exciseman, living at a market town, far or near, and perhaps knowing very littb about yu> to drop his missivo into the letter box of his town ; repeat it if necessary and sit in his offioo expeoting your attendance, or, as ff0t presume, your answer by post. Tho tnojority of tho acoounts are small, and the majority will bb paid in cash, not by: cheok; so tbo majority of the taxpayers oro oxpoqted to go to tho market town for tho pur pose, unless indeed they can forward tho money by a neighbour going that woy. But tho wholo responsibility of tho transaction is accumulated on the taxpayer, who must receive, the letter, keep it, bear it in mind, and pay it, either in porson, or by a bearer, or by post. Thp officer is to givo duo notice of the days and hours in whioh bo will be ready to receive payment, and, no doubt, in many coses, it will bo muoh tho same thing when tho payment is made. Yet, there aro many oases of a different ohar4Ctor, and ranny mon, not wholly undeserving of our sympathy, who will bo apt to forget, oven after o second warning, that thoy have to pay their Asflessod Taxes, or their Land Tax, or their Incomo Tax, boforo tho month is out. Tbo frequent occurrence of exceedingly similar demands makes it difiloult to remember them distinctly. You aro sure you havo paid the last quarter, when it turns out you aro at least ono in arrears. . You are suro you havo paid your assessed taxes, when, afier all, it was incorpo tax, Mr Gladstone infl— motes that Bomo change is necessary, as tho Treasury hat now and then to decide tho vory delicate question whether to let off a parish whore tho collector cannot square his accounts, or to oompel it to make good tho deficiency If the question frequently arises, and if the revenue suffers in oonsequonoo, or any parish suffers unjustly, that is a valid reason for a safer oliss of officers. The responsibility will folio it th(j povrerof appointment almutes a matter of oourse. Thb b tho caso of the Treasury qs against the local commissioner ana voluntary agcnoy; But, vro submit, thoro is Still the Case Of the tnfiivtrin.l larnnvn, (a hfl considered, — 1 Hmet. Eeab-AdMibal the Hon. J. Domain has accepted the offer of tiio Paoifio command, vacant by tho promotion of Admiral Kiug« come. Thh Times etatoB that Mr Wbitworth's rifle has been adopted by- tho War Offioe as " tho future arm at tho eervioe." Great Matoh sob LhOOO, at New MAhkbt,— -An extraordinary match lias bo6a made, . whioh may bo oonsidorod one of tbe moat novel in tbo libtory of tbe turf. Sir Joseph Hawloy and tho H»rl of Westmore land have acoepted vroger of LIOCO that they transmit a mestbgo by hfrso nnd jookoy SO miles within the hour, and they aro allowed to employ any number of borsrs, and as light jookoy s as they please. It is stipulated that the meisage must be a written ono. It will bo soon that oaoh mile will have to be oompleted in two minutes, and considering that tho best Derby timo recorded is BJink Bonny's (2 min. 45 seo.) und Kpttledrum's (2) min. 43 ceo.), _ Sir Josoph Hawloy and Lord Westmoreland will have to employ Eom good oattle, bearing in mind tho inovitible stoppages whioh muBt ooour for ohsDgo of horsos and jookeys. One of the backers of timo duGi to by L5Q00, With iiio 66be/tfon of L1000 forfeit. Tbe matoh is to come off at one of the Newmarket autumn mooting. 