THE GHOSTS OF SANDSIDE CASTLE. A true Story for all Readers. BY ONE OF THE BRADDYLL FAMILY (Concluded) SQUIRE BRADDYLL was a tall stately man, with silvered hair, and a remarkably handsome countenance, save for a disfiguring scar, apparently a sword-cut, which extended from the temples to the cnin. llifi manner wae frigidly polite, bis tone was commandioif, and, even in bis moal condescending moods, a tinge, and no slight one, of hauttur marked all his communications with his fclluvr mm— tavc, indeed, vhen he ppokc to hia step-daughter, Alice Iterimajne, and then his voice was gentle, bis manner tender, and hiB v, hole countenance glowed with affection that would not be reputed, lie welcomed John Herbert with a stiff yet kindly courttey, and when dinner was oyer, and Alice had retired, he prccccdid to cire his new secretary some idea of the duties which ii-y Dtiure mm* uuiiug Die song commemai sojourn, naa ccilcctcd many valuable antiquarian McjS., and made researches, end written various papers on ecicctiflc 6ubj\ctfl, which he now wished to have arranged for the press ; and hie physicians having Jorbiodtu him to try further bis already failing powers of vision, he was constrained to have recourse to tbe good offices of an efficient eecrciary. And fo it came to pass that John Herbert, in proctFB of time, obtained the appointment, and arrived at Sand side Custle, and became one of its regular iuhabitiints. In epite of all endeavours to keep np a spirited conversation, the Squire was moody and even sad ; and when John Herbert re niembtred the a&d; amiiver&aty; tbat ChrUlm&s; Eve brought round, he conld not wonder at bis host's evident depression. In iuc time, they joined Miss Redmayne in ihe drawing-room, and the fcquire asked for music, for there was a grind piano-forte and sharp, the only modern articles of furniture, except those con tained in the window-reccss; and Alice, without any vulgar yon&g; lady aire, went immediately to her instrument, and give vitb pc-rfect taste and precision 4l2'he Pastoral Symphony,' from nandel'fl Messiah, and then 41 He ehall feed his flock,' from the same grand oratorio. Her voice waa not powerful, but pure and silvery, and suited well the sacred air ehe sang ; she managed tbe accompaniment also extremely well. John Herbert tboaght he be hsd never heard such singing and playing in his life. And then, without being asked, ube gave them some fine though rather quaint carol-music, which ehe had learned in Germany. And all the lime the Squire eat gazing moodily into the Are, and oi.ee he raised bis eyes aud seeing John Herbert in an old fashioned chair, tbat stood rather apart from the others, he gave a visible ctart. But whenever Alice Redmayne came that way, his 6 tern, cad countcnancc relaxed, and he kiesed her rosy lips, or smoothed down ber fair hair, or looked into ber gentle face, with all a father's fondest, truest affection ; and vet no blood of his flowed in her veins. The nm was brought in, and Alice, in good old-fashioned style, sat down behind it. She aEkeaJobn Herbert if betook 6ugar and cream in his tea, and he replied, *' Cream, if you please, but no sugar.' 'That reminds me,' said Mr. Braddyll, rousing himself sud denly from what appeared to be a most painful reverie. 'Her- bert, are you a teetotaller!' 41 Yesflud so,' replied Job n. 44 1 abstain from principle; bat I am not under any pledge to refrain from intoxicating drinks, I simply say that 1 never take them, as I eaid to you at dinner time, when I felt obliged to decline your hospitable impor Waities,' 'Maylaek what led to the adoption of such a principle!' afked the 6quire* John Herbert coloured a little, and then made answer. 41 In the first place X abstained only to please my excellent mother ; but afterwards from motives equally spontaneoos and decisive. My poor father cared too much for the enticing wine-cap ; it was partly— partly, I say, not entirely— his ruin. I saw him a viciim to tbe faecinaiions of the table ; I saw him Iobc all energy, all eelf-comrol, all manhood ; I saw my mother's anguish ; 1 sbarcd, with tbe rest of my family, the miseries of a sordid, poverty stricken home ; and I vowed to myself that I would never, God helping me, touch that which had been a chief agent in the ruin of one parent, and the onhappiness of another.' TLeequire sat silent; John did not know what sweet Alice knew too well, that Reginald Braddyll, of Sandside Castle, was sometimes the slave of that awfol passion which degrades man, made in the image of Us Creator, below the level of the brute. Presently Mr. Braddyll said, ' Young man, be not too harsh in your judgment ; it may have been eome secret care, some siient misery tbat first led your unfortunate father to the indulgence of that which, for tbe time at leaBt, soothed his sorrows, and banished bif disqnietade.' 44 It was so,' replied John eagerly. ' 0 sir, do not think I wish toaEpcrbe my poor father's memory ; bat yon aBked me a plain question, and I jadged it best to tell you the unvarnished troth* My father was much to be pitied ; he was, as you say, tm/or tunate.' ' And your mother, I think you eaid, is dead also V Alice wondered whether John Herbert wonld give to the 8 quire that answer which he had given her; bnt he replied Mv dear mother was taken away, some months ago, from a life of great suffering and trial She had s bright and joyous childhood, a happy girlhood, for the most p&rt; a most unhappy womanhood.' The bquire looked with interest on the grave but 6erene face of the young man ; there was something in tbat face, something in his attitude, something in the tone of bis voice, that roused .Mr. Braddyll's sympathies in a manner incomprehensible to himself. It seemed no st! anger that had come that bleak December evening to his hearth, and to abide ander his roof, and yet, to the bBct of bis knowledge, be had never seen John Herbert before, and bis name was unfamiliar ; presently be resumed—1 ' Yoar parents' trials were, I should think, of no ordinary character.' '1 am sometimes tempted to believe them unparalleled, ' answered JohB. 44 The misery began with a family feud, and my falber bad an enemy, to whnm, I believe, may be traced nearly every misfortune. God forgive me if 1 judge him harshly.' '?And may I ask, is the feud hereditary? is yoar father's enemv your6also?' 'Yes,' replied John. 44 1 have never wrenged him, scarcely seen him ; but be is my sworn enemy.' 'And you of course are bis enemy t The foeman finds a foe. Have patitnee, your day of triumph will arrive.' *'1 think so,' was the quiet answer ; 44 1 feel sure of it ; but it must be in God's own time. Thatcoursc which I follow must prevail, I shall be avenged of my adversary,' The very sound of vengeance seemed to the bquire like the far off echoes of the fight to the war-horse : his dark eyes gleamed, ibecolourglowed on bis wiibcTfd cheek, and tbe defaciagscar r?iis more apparent, more disfiguring than ever. John 6aw.bis error, and hastened to correct it 1 14 But, sir, 1 amnotsneakiugofbeiog avenged in the ordinary acceptation of the term, for I am not my iocman's enemy.' 44 Not bis enemy ! I cannot understand that. Feud begats fend, and wrong nourishes hate,' ' But I cannot hate, sir ; / may not%u 'You may not! The law, perhaps, will not permit you to wreak your vengeance, just or unjust, on your persecutor, but there i6 nothing to prevent you hating him to yoar heart's core.' ' Except that it was commanded by One who suffered the ex tremity of human malice—1 1 Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good so tbem that bate yoa, and pray for them which despitefully use vou,' ' 44 Ah that is all very well in the Bible *, but who follows it out 2' 44 1 am trying to do so, for it is written in the Book that never errs, ? Be that loveth not bis brother abideth in death,' and * Whosoever bateth bis brother is a murderer and I wouid not go into the presence of the Judge of aU men with a murderer's guilt upon my soul.' There was a long silence ; only was heard the wild sea-wind raving in the dark pines, and beating about the lonely echoing bouse. At last the the Squire roused himself, atid eaid, ' Young man 1 all this sounds very fine and plausible but tell me, as a man of honour, that in your heart of hearts you forgive this person who you 6ay has been tbe foe of your house, and still pursues you with his unrelenting enmity,' 44 From my inmost heart I forgive him, even as I hope and trust God has forgiven me all my pastsinB, for the sake of bis dear Bon Jesus Christ. Bo muoh has been forgiven me, 1 trust and believe, that 1 most needs forgive my offending feUow-mortali And tben tfcere is the joy of forgiveness, especially just now.' ' A joy 1 cannot enter into. And why ospeclally now !' ' '* Because it is a time when all anger and strife should be put ewey, a time of peace, a time of love, a time of blessed recou ciliation ; for at this season, long centuries ago, the Word was made flesh and dwelt amo&gus; Christ took upon himself our natnre ; be left high heaven, he left angels and archangels, and even the bosom of tbe eternal father, that be might wear a mortal form and suffer every earthly ill, a life of acorn and pri vation, and a death of agony and shame, And all this— that bo might reconcile ua to God, against whom we have sinned in word end deed and thought ever since we were born to choose good from evil. He came to break down tbe barriers we ourselves had erected between our souls and tbe world of glory ; he ,oame to bring Ught, and joy, andpesce, and love— love that beareth and endurctn all things, tbat nourishes beaateously even io tbis bad worid's flloty soil, but finds Its fall frnitionin the world beyond the grave. And, therefore, if there were one against whom my wrath turned I would kneel down this night ana ask God to bless him and mm bis heart, that I might lie down at peace with man kind and at peace with my heavenly Father.' 14 So that's your notion of keeping Christmas V said the Squire, a little sternly; 44 It is singularly like Alice's ideas on the vame subject. Now listen to me : 1 had an enemy ; he wrenged me as cruelly, as treacherously as one man ould wrong another : I hated him living, and 1 hate him dead. I hate his children whom 1 never mw ; and 1 hate yes— yes! I hate tbe woman who was the cause of this woe and wretchedness end implacable enmity. If she came to my door tbis night I would closc it against ber. The mere outcast should be fed and warmed— she should bo driven bsck to yonder inhoipitable wastes, I cannot forgive ! ' 41 0 father 1' said Alice, her eyeB streaming with toars, ' I im plore you say not eo. Your vengeance is complete : yoar adver sary is in an exile's grave ; his wife, if ahe yet lives, fs a desolate widow; bis children eat the bitter bread of dependonoy or tne bard cruet of ccaseles* toll. Jti* enough, father! 01 Jet us keep this our tint English Christmas- tide, as true followers of Him in whose name wc rejoice and through whom wc receive every blefhiog. Bate is cruel, father, and love is sweet and kind ; hste Is hellish, love is heavenly ; Satan bates, Christ loves, And it U Christ's feast, not Satan's revel, that we woold keep, 0 1 when to-morrow thousands and thousands sing— ' Pesce on earth, and mercy mild, God and sinners reconciled,1 shell it not be also said, 4 Man with man Is reconciled ' t If Christ could forgive bis enemies, why not we !' 'Child ! child 1 why will you urge me thus ? You have pleaded before, and in vain,' 44 But never before io anr own land, on tbe happy CbristmBs cve, and in this house, which sin and sorrow has darkened, till it etaads like a thing accursed. A haunted bouse 1 Yes truly haunted by the memories of the post, and—' 'flash I' said the Squire. »' You say truly, my house is haunt* d by ghosts tbat only 1 oan see. They eit at yonder table, tbey glide about these long-deserted rooms, they gather rouod tbis hearth ; but tbe sight cf tbeir forms and faces «o W makes my heart harder, and my will more adamant. A haunted bouse ! Yes, indeed; 1 dispute not that. Mahy bouses are haunted ia like manner, but tbe phantoms aro lovely and serene, and tbey come and go with blefsiops, and they fill tbe vaoant chamber with joy end hope, and hallowed remembrances of a treasured Fast; bnt these— ' ' These, father, bave sinned and suffered ; let their memory be hallowed. Lit the spirits of pride, and anger, and cherished en mity be driven away, ai d then, father, this old homo of your race a ill be haunted only by those harmless ghosts that a loving fancy only can descry. They will sit by your fireside, and at your board, and you will meet them as you pass from chamber to chutnber, and they *ill smile upon yon, and briDg back aweet thoughts of other days, and tbey will be dear to you, as in old Umes, before tho wrong and the trouble came to pass. Ah, father, my mother is waiting for yon in heaven Arsjou oontent, can you be catbfle-d to meet her do more ! Pride and unforgivenees do noi make you happy ; they never will, tbey never can ; try some other way,' But Mr. Bradcfyll only answered, 'Enough, enough. Alice, say co more. 1 warn you, that even from your lips I will not hear more ; let this subjtct be dropped, both now and for ever* The Jove tbat might have been theirs, had thiogs been exactly as they are not, is all given to you ; and let that content you.' And so saying, the Squire rose and walked away, and they saw him no more that higbt. Cbristmss'day pasfed quietly ; if there was any merriment ia the house, it was in the servants' qu&rtera;, and its faintest echo never penetrated to the wide, atately rooms, where the Squire, and his stfcp-cbild, and John Herbert kept tbeir Christmas-tide. And John, as the days paseed on, was more and more impressed witb tbe air of sadness, and desolation, and weird gloom, that pemded that Jo&cly; Sandside Castle; he heard, too, the tale of the eld Squire's duel, and the consequent apparition of his victim in some of the iong-unienanted roams of the north wing ; he found, too, that people were cognisant of tbe present Squire's moriM feud vith bis late brother, ana with his own false love, as she was called. And he noted among tbe servants many aigos of superstitious terror, and a particular avoidance of some parts of tbe bouse, even in tbe broadest daylight; while they woald hardly cross the threshold of the kitobin and the servants' hall ucaccomp&bicd; after dusk; and John did not marvel at their terrors. Jf tver there was a house that looked and felt ghostly, It was Sandtidc Castle. , A week glided away, and it was the last night of the old year ; tbe fcquJrerriirtd to his room soon after dinner ; Alice was indie* posed, and kept ber chamber *, and John Herbert sat patiently in tbe*ide, dim Horary, poring over a crabbed MS. which Mr, Braddyll wished prepared immediately for publication. lie was tired at last, a&d; laid aside his work All around him was silent as the grave ; no sound of church bells to ring out wildly ** to tbe wild sky no murmur of village reveliy ; no voice of psalm or byn n to hallow tbe last moments of tbe dying year ; only across tbe mursh came the deep boom of tbe channcl waters, borne along by the rising tide, and the mournful wail of the wind, sighing fcifuljy through the silent rooms of the dreary oi4 mansion. For the first time in his life John felt nervous and slightly superstitious ; tbe tilencc wae so profound, the hour so lute, and tbe shadows at tbe further end of the large, dark obambersfj deep and fantastic, that he thought it might be as well to leave tbe librety to the Braddyll ghoste, if there really were any, and go to his own room, where already he began to feel himself quite at home. So he went, singing to himself as be trod the gloomy ball, 44 Come, let us anew our journey pursue ' But on theflrec lauding a misfortune befel him; a wild gust of wind came flapping its noisy wings against the large, many coloured easement ; one particular current swept past bim almost J)ke u Jiving- tbi»g of power : iis breath was like an icy kiss on his biow, and he ehuddcred, ana out went his candle. ' Its little smoke in pallid moonshine died.' 44 1 am in for a ghost now, if anybody ever was,' said John to bimK'lf ; and he went on groping his way through tbe dark corridor where the moonbeams did not come. Truth to tell, he did Lot like bis position at all, and bis memory, at that moment, was pcrvcisely faithful, and furnished him with a vivid remem brance of all the ghostly legends of the house of Braddyll, But he vent bravely forward, trying, at the same time, to go on with bi6 vigil hymn— 41 And never stand still till the Master appear ; liis adorable v- ill let ua gladly fulfil.' A&d; then John Herbert became conscious that he was off the track, «? meandering,' as he said, through passages that led, be didn't know where, but certainly not to his own quarters. By and'by be came to a heavy do or, und be poshed it ©pew, a&d; found himself in a picture gallery, of vast dimensions, flooded with moonlight ; and there he sat down, tryiog to recal its latitude and longitude, for he had been there once before, just ere twilight fell, nithMiss Redmayne acting as cicerone, and explaining the pictures. There were also eix or eight complete suits of armour in the gallery, and the armour was on lay figures, that looked exactly like real knights of the olden time. John thought they looked horribly life-like, or dead-like— he scarcely knew which in the pale, spectral moonlight— and he heartily wished himself cafe is his chamber. Strong man and Christian man as he was, be knew what tricks an excited fancy will sometimes play ; he knew that there were times when tbe highly-wrought nerves have complete ascendancy over the more sober judgment ; and he was by no means anxious to furnish to himself any of those singular prools of psychological redundancy, about which many philosophers concern themselves. But he comforted him self by saying, in the words ef good old Bishop Ken, ' No powers of datkness me melest.' And he bad just made up bis mind to return to the corridor, and, if possible, find bis way back to the great landing, when he became suddenly aware of some presence, natural or supernatural, in his immediate vicinity. On the opposite side of the room a shadow visibly passed— a shadow, and nothing more ; bat it moved; it was animate iu the flesh or in the spirit; and what could anything in the flesh be doing there, in that desolaie gallery, at that dead hour of the chill winter's night ! With a strange hesitancy as to what ha should do next, John Herbert sat still in his dark corner, and watched the shaddow as it passed on to the upper end of tha gallery, where the great organ stood. Then there was a sound, as of muffled footsteps, on the matted floor, and then a deep sigh, almost a groan, and then another, and another ; and tben, after a moment's space, in which John's heart beat almost audibly, a clang and clash, as of roughly-stirred armour, the fall of a heavy body and a low moan, as of one in physical pain. His super natural terrors were over now ; be rushed to the spot whence the noise proceeded, and found Mr, Braddyll lying prostrate, and ap parently senseless, on the floor. The moon, whicb had boen obscure'd by clouds for some minutes, now emerged, and poared her fullest clearest rays into the room ; and John perceived tbat the Squire had stumbled over something, and fallen, with great violence, against the sharp edge of the dai6 on which the organ was ereotcd. Blood was welling from a wound in the templeB, the eyes were closed, and at first John feared that lire was actually extinct; for the burly form of the fine old man lay so dead a weight in his arms, and no breath seemed to issue from the half open motionless lips. The young man was serioasiy perplexed. Assistance ought immediately to be obtained, but how to procure it he knew not- He might wander for an hour before he succeeded in finding Miss Redmayne** apartments, or in rousing the ser vants, about wbose locality he was in the profoundest ignorance. What was to be done! The case grew more urgent. There lay the unconscious figure; and there be stood, not knowing whether to turn to tbe right hand or to the left, With a prayer for help in this extremity, he tnrned round, and saw, what be had not before noticed, a door ajar near the place where he was standing. He opened it, and stood in a square anteroom opening into a large chamber ; and O joy ! hero were signs of human habitation— a tolerably brisk fire, candles burn ing. a table strewn with papers, and a vast, hearse-lite bed, ready forit6 occupant. Thi6 was the Sqaire's room then, and John Herbert at once decided on bis plan of action. He raug the bell vifion-usly again and again— enough, as one of tbe maids said afterwards, 'to have awakened the dead in their graves two miles o it.' In three minutes, or less, John heard footsteps— not those or the servants, however ; It waa Alice Redmayne in hasty toilet, and with streaming hair, who stood, all white and tumbling, before him, but she was not of the fainting order of yonng ladies, and, understanding what had happened flew to the servants' apattmcntg, to rouse theBi and seek their aid. She found them, however, assembled in a body in the upper corridor, men and maids, and tbe matron housekeeper, quaking in every limb— their eyes distended witb fright, their face s pale to the lips, and tbeir hearts sinking within them from the deadly terror. That tbe gbosta of Sandside Castle had rung that reverberating peal, tbey duubted not at al) ; and when Alice, in her flowing white dresB ing-pown appeared at tbe stair- head, they shrieked in concert; a kitchen-maid sank fainting into tbe arms of an under-footman, whose teeth were chattering, and whose limbs were bathed in the cold *perEpiration of mortal dread ; tbe dairy-maid] try to say her prayers, but could not remember a word of them ; and the Squire's ewn man, who bad been with him abroad, made the sign of the cross hastily, crying, ' A vaunt I a vaunt, spirit.'' 41 Hush, hush ? it i& 1, Miss Redmayne,' 6uid Alice, with gentle dignity; a&d; then everybody scolded everybody else for being so foolish as to be frightened. The Squire was soon carried to his bed, and cold water, and hot water, and stimulants, and every thing that could be suggested applied, bat in vain; and in the fading moonlight, two of the men— no one would go alone' set off across the marsh to Erlesmere, a village three miles distant, where a medical man resided, It was still the grey dawn when he arrived, and be looked gravely at bis patient, who was yet as unconscious as tihen John had raised him, nearly eight hours before. The wound in the temples, he aaid, was severe, bat not dangerous ; the real danger was in a blow, whicb showed itself outwardly in a mere contusion ; and the Squire, from the effects of the fearful fray which had once 60 nearly terminated his life, bad never since been in a condition to bear any injury in the head without running imminent hazard nf immediate death. For days Alice and John Herbert watched beside Mr. Braddyll's bed, and sometimes it seemed as if tbe end drew very near. Pbyeicians.of note and talented surgeons were summoned, but they all agreed in the view which the Erlesmere doctor had taken ol the case. The treatment must go on, they aaid ; tbe result waa in the hands of God alone ; and Alice was gently warned that she bad better not indulge any decided hope of restoration. But at last there was a change ? tho Squire looked up, and knew the sweet face that was bending over him, and from that hour Alice believed that her stepfather**: life woald be spared. More loving care, more unwearied watchfulness, more tender ministrations, nevtr man received; and to tbo untiring energies and the thoughtful consideration of his yonng nurses, rather than to medical skill. Mr. BraddjA owed bis reprieve from the gates of death, But had he really turned back from those awful portals ? Tfcfcre were days and hours wheu it seemed as if the dread close were deferred only for a little while. Long, long he hovered on the brink of either world. One evening John was keeping watch in the sick chamber, when luddealy the invalid said, ''John, are we atom;! Then como hereto my side. I want to ask you something,** John camo and no saw that tne 6qaire wsb trembling with emotion. Then the pale lips said, ' John, my days in tbis world are num bered ; 1 am going, 1 know nut whether; can 1— teH me, as if God were here to listen to your reply— can 1 beforgivml' And John made answer ; ' Dear sir, God is here, and ia his presence 1 speak* Your sins, whatever they be, may be for given ; for it is written, 4 The blood of JeBaa Christ his Son clcacsclb us from oil sin,' ' And tben the sick man groaned, and told the sad history of hiB life. Ror would he be restrained. ** Yes,*' be naid in conolu6ion, 'day and night 1 sought my revenge, and I had tt. I waa a fiend. Secretly 1 bought up my brother's debts, lest, for poor Amy's bake, his creditors might be tempted to relent. My emis saries drew him on from evil to evil, from bad to worse, If he crushcd my early happiness, I was his evil genius tilt death re move! bim from my power. And now he is gone, and I cannot aEk bit- forgiveness; and, therefore, O misery I Cod will never forflvt me.*' . ? ? 44 Be comforted,' said John, with deep emotion: 'Edward Braddyll died not aa be lived; he departed this life with joyful trnst iu his Saviour's merits; I know not whioh was the fuller, his penitence or his faith; and be died, dear air, blessing you. prayinp for you, and longiag for your forgiveness, ere he passed ^4 You knew my brother f' said tbe Squire. 44 Yet, 1 knew nlm well -, my hands closed his eyes. To me wbb entrusted bis message of contrition and pardon, and he entreated you to accord to Mm such forgiveness as one may grant to tbe dead.' ' Thank God 1' said the Bquire, 41 If my brother pardoned me, I can ask God to grant me gTace, But, young man, oome newer— nearer— my eyes are very dim ; irfte are you I' 1 am John Herbert Braddyll, your brother Edward's youngest, bat only surviving son. Jt waa my mother's dvine injunction that 1 should wck reconciliation with my uncle* that tbe deadly feud night be boaled. Your advertisement for a A sectary attracted my attention. I rcaily needed employment- f and by the name of Herbert we bad boen known for some ?eanu V Mv poor father's pride would not let bim mingle the proud nama ' ' of Braddyll with the misery, and ahame, and soetal degradation to which he wss reduced* If you remember, hie second Christian name was also Herbert.' 44This,then, istheeealofmypardon,' said the Squire, clasp J I l\ ing his hands, ' Odd has scot you here to be the means of saving 1 ' ' my soul ; and yon-yau forelve me, who have ruthlessly blighted your whole life, from its infancy to tbis hour ! ' ' Even aa Gad, for Christ's sake, has, 1 humbly trust, forgiven me' 'Pray for me,' was the next utterance of those trembling lips: and John knelt down, and eimply aod 'fervently prayed for all that the living or the dying need oa this Bide eternity. And then Alice oame, and smiled tbroagh her tears at what she heard ; and prayer after prayer was offered, till praise outran® petition, and the Squire was fain tossr, 44 1 love tbe Lord, becauso he hath beard my voice and my supplication. , , O Lord, I anx thy servant; I am thy servant; thou hast lossed my bonds, X will offer to thee the aacritloe of thanksgiving, and will call iinoot the name of tbe Lord.' And with the lengthening days, the Squire's health gradually1 improved ; and though it wae evident tbat bis former vigour was goRf, never to return, they who loved him best were more thas satisfied, A sense of pardon filled his soul with a strong, oalnx joy, and the peaco that pasMlh aU understanding reigned iu his once adamantine heart, a&d; oa his onco stern, haughty brow. He had confessed bis sins s be had corneas a slmplecbild to the Cross of Cbri*t, and there found all he sought, aU he caald desire Pride was quelled, obduracy vanquished, ornel wrath was alain. The spectres tbat had eo long haunted Bandsidc Castle were exor cised for ever, Henceforth, tbe spirits tbat roamed the old housa were loving spirits, pure, and gentle, aud humble: and. if the Squire saw by his fireside forms that none *? other saw — faces that only be beheld — no longer were they stem, eorrowfal, reproachful Amy Prcstort was thero again, in her bright, ionoccnt girlhood; aod Edward*' the sunny-faced boy, with bis mild, blue eyee, and his fair hairZ and hiB laughing voice, was there also ; and if, sometimes, in tho Sqaire's rapt vision, the youthful llneameuu cbanged, and tha familiar faces wore tbe grave aspect of maturer years, each shaded brow wa6 calm and peaceful; the quiet eyes breathed forgiveness and love ; and tbe mute lips seemed to say. -? it is over now— the strife and the bitterness : all that seemed so strange and sad is clear at last. We bave sinned and suffered, but now wo re joice ; through Christ our Saviour we have entered into rest. Brothers, we shall clasp hands once more. £ro long wo shall meet again.' Again ft was tbe 24th of December— a clear, but intensely cold Christmas-bve. Krory tree and spray was glituring in tbe aun« light, all begemmed with the fairy jewels tbat Kpriog forth, as by magic, from tbe silent, invisible wand of Jiiag Frost, a&d; his sometime esquire Master Rime. White were the lonely fells around Sandside ; white were the solemn height* about Earnse&t; Head ; white the marsh and the Castle grounds ; only the sea* tho estuary, and tbe cold, wide-spreading sands, shared not the universal mantle or unspotted purity wbleh all the rest of the world had put on as its robes of festal joy Two years had passed away since wc saw John Herbert Brad* dyll wending biBlonely''way u over t' eaudp,' from the village o£ Greystone to tbe haunted Castle of SandsMe. Except that the - sun is going down in flaming splendour, and tinging the waters { With its deep crimson hue, and except that tbe distant mountains \ and the nearer fclle are not mist-hooded, but wearing such a glory I as might have sbone on Tabor of old, tbe scene is jnst the same. But Sa&deide; Castle is by no means the eame, There are its square grey towers, and its hoary battlements, and its weather-stained walls, unchanged, it is true; but as the broad.' red sun sinks into tbe sea, and fiuehes for the moment sands, and crag, and fell with its rosy glow ; a6 tbe firet pale star comes out \ twinkling over the hill ; as, far out at the eniranee of thebaya ] the lighthouse gifatn begins to shine out in its silvery radiance,, you ece that Sandside Castle is not as it wat- in the days tbat aro past. It bas no longer tbe look ot a haunted houtie, for ita windows beam through the gathering darkness like an illumination, and tbat lost red slant of sun shine showed trim lawns and fair pastures kept in n ' all their winter state. Even tbe marsh is io process of draining* Bed promises to become a valuable piece of property to— whom f To bquire Braddyll's stop- grandchildren perhaps. Only the natural terraces of the rock are left in their pristine beauty, and the wild woodlands are only necessarily pruned. Nature has not; been dethroned ; she reigns, empress-like, beneath her stately mountains, and vltbin ken of her great, broad bay waters. Art bas oDly stepped io here a&d; there, to reuder&erthat; humble &er;« vice which robances, rather than diminishes her charms. John Herbert Braddyll is again croteiog the marsh, but he does notthiukitdrcarynow. Be baa bees on an criu&d; of kindness to the fishermen of Carascat, and now he is going home as fast as hie long legs can carry him. lie comca oa at a doe pace, for the cold is stinging, and tbe marsh, for all its dykes and dr&lce;, is no warmer than it used to be. Besides there is company at the Castle, and aB he set out after luncheon. Alicc saucily bade him come back in time for the dressiag-bell« under penalty of tbe heaviest punishments that could be devised* There is the gateabd the restored lodge ; tbe hurdle has gone to Co duly in its own fcphcrc, as was quite right and proper: and soon, as he strides along by the giant laurels a&d; the patriarchal magnolias, gleam out the lights Iroin the windows of his home. lie enters tbe drawing-loom, old-faebiontd still, but wearing altogether another air from that which it wore two years ago, when the window rccesB was the only bit of it that seemed habit able for crcatures still ?wearing the garments of the flesh, a too, is a little altered, she is stouter, and looks happier ; and, as there is no one else in the room, save a tall, dark giil ot eighteen, wonderfully like John Braddyll himself, she steps up to that gentleman, and, without any preface, gives him a beany kiss, and tben scolds him for being late Now don't begin tobeuncbaritabie, and eay Alice Redmayne must be a very improper young lady, to kUs even her lover in tbat cool style, and without being invited- 1 assure yon she bad a perfect right to kiss John as oiten and as affectionately ae she pleated ; the same right that Albert Edwaid has to kiss bis own beauteous and well-oeloved, Alexandra. For John Bradyll and Alice had been man and wife for fourteen months ; and il you went up stairs you would find a nursery, and In the nursery the dearest little nest of a cradle, and in the cradle a 'prince oi a boy,' as the Squire gays -for very proud is he of bis namechild, Baby Reginald, the young heir oC Sandside Castle, though little cares he for his heirship just yet. I told you theTe was company at Sand6ide Castle* Indeed there waa Jehn and Alice bad made up tbeir minds to keep Christmas in goodly style ; and though tht ghosia were all gone long ago, tbey thought a bouse full of good and happy people would scare them eo effectually, if tbey lingered anywhere about, that tbey would never dream ot coming back again. And what sort of visitors do you tbiak they bad ! 1 will tell you :— Firat of all, there wss Amy- Braddyll's betrothed, 'a very nice young man indeed,' as people * ere good enough to say ; then there was a poor minister from Dumpingtobsbire, tbe pastor of a country village called Bowndumps. John hud anown him in bis own poor days, and honoured and rispeciidtbe scholarly, re fined whose congregation could only give hiai £llS Us. d&d;* per ; vrhile his \tife gave him thurtccu children, mostly girls. 8o that the poor dear man. 1 am afr&id;, when he was sup posed to be deep in his Sunday's discourse, and paring over tomes of divinity, was sometimes doing horrible little sums on bis blotting-paper, and wondering bow much he could spare fTom next quarter's salary to pay that dreadful baker's bill, that grew, and grew, but never grew less: aud how much longer tne butcher would wait for his next instalment; &od; how tbe fifteen pairs of feet tbat belonged to him were to be decently, or even indecently, ehod. And so John told Alice all about tho Kev. William Percival, of Down dumpa, and aU about his pretty, clcrer, industrious wife — 'the moet wonderful Christian gentlewoman he had ever seen '—and all about the thirteen, olive-branches, from Miss Maude in her seventeenth year to little Johnny i° his seventeenth week. And so Alice determined to have thtm all at Sand6ide Castle, and cosEet them up and make much of tbem ; and travelling arrange ments were mads with so much delicacy, that tbe poor pastor and bis wife scarcely felt the obligation, which, as John said, was uca obligation at all on their side, but a great one on his, bccause the ghosts would sill get driven oat to the Red Sea, and have to stop there to tho end of time. And moreover, after a tittle talk with his Alice, John did what all good husbands should dov took counsel with bis wife — be told Mrs. percival that if that Downdumps church and congregation didn't take care, tbey shouldn't bave Mr. Percival for a pastor much longer ; for his own hamlet of fiandeide, and the outlying villages of Earn* seat and Erlesmere, weie sadly in need of Amber spiritual provi sion ; and Mrs, Tercival went to bed that night crying ia spite ot herself, and telling her husband bow good it would be to bave meat for tbe children every day, and sugar in their tea, and to buy tbe git Is new frocks, &c;«, &c;, ; and if tbey took care they might easily have something to give away. And besides the Fer civals, there was a poor author, three poor governesses, and a poor widow with a delicate daughter. None of those people, you. Eerccive, were in a position to entertain the Braddylls in return: ut that was so much the better in the estimation of John and Alice. The 6quire seemed very glad to ece all these guests, and he was cheerful and very kind, especially to Amy Braddyll, who re^ minded bim eo strongly of that other Amy, who oncc waa to bave been bis own wife. But there were pensive shadows on his brow when he thought of past days of that old weary time of hate, and bitterness, and cruel feud. He saw what Alice and ber husband and their guests' could not see; he could fill tbe vacant chair with a once familiar form, long estranged, long unforgiven, but now removed from earthly cares and earthly pain ; he could meet once beloved faces as he passedfrom room to room, and another circle than that which be saw, with his dim fading vision, gathered around bis board* But the spirits that had blighted so long the fortunes of tbe House of Braddyll had departed ; joy end Caristian hospitality* love and peace, reigned within the walls ef tbe once dreary old castle, and the ghOBts were laid for evermore ! Late in tbe even ing the Squire &6kcd his favourite Amy to sirg. She had a rich-1 full contralto voloe, and these were the words she sang 44 By our own niggard rule we try The hope to soppliants given ; We mete our lore, as if our eye Saw to the end of Heaven. Yes 1 ransomed sinner 1 wouldst thou know Bow often to forgive,— How dearly to embrace thy foe, — Look where thou hop'st to live I When then bast told those isles of light, And fancied all beyond, Whatever owns, iu depth or height, Creation's wondrous bond ; Then fn their solerpn pageant learn Sweet Mercy's praise to soe ; Their Lord resigned them all to earn The bliss of pardoning thee ?' The sad tragedy of Santiago had (we learn from tha - Brazil end Rivtr Plate Mail) almost found its parallel ia Montevideo. In the Holy Week 'one of the principal churches of Ihe city was filled to overflowing by an immense concourse of worshippers. The bailding was brilliantly illuminated, and all was going on well when a cry of 14 Fire !' arose. Somethfog had gone wrong with one of tbe tapers. The dongregatlon was immediately panio-etricken by the portentous aound, and the most frentfo efforts were made to effeot egress from the over* crowded church. Many ladles were trodden under foot iff the mad exoltement of the moment, their splendid dressea torsi Into ribbons, and thefr persons severely iojured ao£ bruised, when, happily, the tumult of the affrighted mul titude was stayed by a shout that the danger was at an ends Fortunately the fire had been extinguished ; else had it been our mournful duty to plaoe on reoord the details ef a calamity perhaps not less heartrending than that wbioh immolated in a oomtnon sacrifice bo many of the fairest daughters of OhilL The Itegistrer-General's table of births, marriage*, and deaths registered in England for tbe year 1SGS, gives tbe following nam ber:— The population was 10,Q66,%M; number of marriages* 178,888; birth, 729,300 : deaths, 475,682. Of the births, there were 878,077 males, ana 856,833 females ; and of deaths, 248,249 males, and 232,833 femares. The returns for the quarters were Marriages, 85,45!: June, 44*056; September, 41,902; December, 81,674. Births-March, 180,658: June, 169,611 ; September, 178,128 ; December. 180,010, Deaths — March, 138,611; June* 118.875; September, 115,884; December, 116,309. In London, with a population of 9,808,989, there were 29,019 marriages* 108,687 births, and 79,846 deaths. Borne eailors, at Swansea, have been fined ICb: for insulting the French flag, by tearing it up in a quarrel. It waa the value of the flag— & curious way of appraising the insulting part of tne A petition ef ladies in favour of Poland is About to he forwarded to tbe Queen, 