REAL ECONOMY. [On the Infant Prince being baptised in the robe of Honiton lace which had been nsed at ihe Christening of ibePrihee of Wales :— ] l: ' Mo prndence— iio stiTfnj? ia matters of state. - r Like ours, can be found on the fart of the gtobe. The nation's expenditure now to abate, .. ?Vi'echiiaten- buiFrlncciB&secoiid-handrobc.; \- ? ? ' . QUIZ. Saying aitd Doing. — An individual hav ing been to churcli returned home earlier than oisoal, and was asked, *' Is it all done already ?' 'No,' he replied, 'it is all sSid, bnt very little, if any, of what was said has been done yet' Servajjt-gausM- — The -latest -fashion in 'servant-gslism' has been produced at Dayles fbrd. The Mercury says — 'A 'youne lady' went to present herself as candidate for a vacant place. The terms offered by the em ployer were satisfactory, the work required was fully explained,- and was not objected to, the embryo employee even expressing her surprise that the ' master did not wear white shirts, and that the washing would be so much less,' the question as to whether the house was 'agreeable' was likewise satisfactorily answered, and the arrangement 'was nearly completed, when my lady, on being asked was she satisfied, replied ' the cottage was such a curious shape,' and 'she could not live in it !' VerJy, the masters and mistresses of the colony have hard times of it when they must satisfy the ideas of their servants as to the architecture of then houses.'* The Noethmes in Britain. — The North men who burst upon Britain at the commence ment of the nineteenth centurv and for a time overrode the ' bulbous *' Saxons can be clearly traced by the names they gave their settle ments.; the distinctive by in Grimsby, Spilsby, Saxby, Willoughby, met with' throughout Lin colnshire, Leicestershire, and - Yorkshire, is found -as far south as Naseby and Rugby, as far west as Derby, and passes across the island to Allonby and Appleby. Over all the coun try thus nrvked out we may conclude the 'NbrthmenTnled, but as Mr. Taylor points out, it can go further than this. . On the east side of the island, by is associated with ihorp ; on the north-west it is met in company with thwaite, the first is the dorp or dnip of Den mark, the second is common in Norway ? the incomers on the east were therefore Danish, and tm the west Norwegian. The visitor to the Lakes will remember another mark of -Norwegian settlement in Sczwfdl, Furuess-fell, the Northmen extend far beyond the limits of their permanent conquests. Masters of the sea, we read in the CJironicle of their harrying 'and burning from Lindisfam to the Tamar, from the' Thames to the Severn j tliey occupied the best harbours of Ireland, and they took nnssession of most of the islands lying about the three kingdoms. The test word^ which fix their settlements axe ford, the fjord of Norway, applied to an inlet of the sea (ford, a passage 'of a river, is pure Saxon), wick a sea-side sta tion, ness a promontory, and with the help of these suffixes we recognise Norwegian influence in Shetland and the Orkneys, ;SufAsrlandsbire, the name of the most northerly part of the island, and only intelligible as bestowed by comers from the North, the Hebrides, the Isle of Man, Cumberland and the Lowlands (we have already referred to the fells and twaites, and we may add to them Bowness on Winder mere and Bowjwss near Gariisle, from which latter the traveller may cross the Solway sands, to Annan, having Ctilfdl before him as he journeys), and in Straugford, Wexfbrd, Water ford, &c;, on the Irish coast All these have t-M-n -noted bv Worsaae, but there are a few relics of Northmen- ou the extreme west -which have escaped detection by him as by Mr. , Taylor. One of the first lights seen by the mariner entering the Channel is that of St Agnes,' in Sicily, but Saint is a modern addition to the name of the isle ; its proper name, pre served in the Mottdi Curioe Regis, temp. Richard L, and throughout a line of later re cords is simply Hagenes or Hagnesse ; a map in the Cot*. MSS. of the 15th or earlier part of the 16th century styles it Angnes ; and the scepticism we nugnt otherwise leei aa wj me origin of the name is scattered, when we find the principal port of Scilly called Grimsty. As we proceed np the Channel we come upon two other names which indicates a settlement of Northmen ; thedeep inlet of the sea just east of the most sonthemly point of England ?is called EfebW, and the little town at its hcaHli 'ttieeek (Wick), »or:-wonld it be easy to fix on ^better position for refitting ships and for sobtaining- supplies from the corn-growing Chersonese of the Lizard.— From Keview in the Times of Taylor's Words and Places. The Wise. Men of Schleswig. — A pleas ;r.-r nriennmAnnn. wh ch I had before remarked in every part of the Duchies I had hitherto visited, met my eye again on the drive to Ohristianfield:' - On the outside of every cot tage and farmhouse we passed— even, indeed, on many of the trees by the roadside— hung several little square wooden boxes rather bigger than a London quartern loaf. In the; centre was a Binall'round aperture, large enough for ? l.:_j ju,~ » OT«n *n n. thrush to SO in and out ' On inquiry I jfeund that these little con trivances -were, what ihey appeared to be, honiS'jBJr'aJn^Ji**16 P3' rf warblers which pleaied'tobuM' tiidr r68*8 V1 thenr Some years Tjack the farmers of -the -countay. were juW' 'punished for the devastation which, ^nder the influence, of false ideas, they had ;m^amd,ng:the'feathered tribe, by the. vast increase of insects which played havoc with thrfr crops. Like sensible men, they were no aooner convinced of their error 1ihan they did thiir best to twnedy it Societies for the.pre ?Serra^bnlbf birds were then formed; the SfetinefeeverywheR did their best to/'^^ -the * objects , of the association, and. bird 'nmider became' \ 'misdemeanour. As tti« con sequence of these measures the country is now plentifully stocked with numerous classes of birds. Flocks of crows, ravens, larks, field tares, linnets, and yellow-hammers, as well as other kinds, are to be seen wherever one drives, and appear to have lost much of their natural timidity under the good treatment they have received of late years. — Correspondent of the Star. Experiments in Hoesb-Beeeding. — The Sporting Magazine for last March records the Tesnlt of five experiments in- horse-breeding at Aleppo : — Firstly, the produce of Arab sires from thorough-bred English mares, which are merely handsomer than the English and not faster than the Arab ; secondly, the converse, which has succeeded occasionally, but made three colts out of four leggy, weak, and unfit for racing ; thirdly, rearing the best Arab on succulent forage, which is a complete failure, and does not increase the size, and gives the defects of the English without the merits of the Arab ; fourthly, rearing thorough-bred English in the desert on dry food, which is perfectly successful, and causes the progeny to be smaller but more lasting than their nareuts. The reasons given for this success are that the heat of the desert, the dryuess, the constant galloping from their birth after their dams, and the camels' milk- on which the foals are fed (and which is believed to impart ' the camel's endurance), the oxygenation of the blood by being always in the open air, and the kind treatment which prevents bad temper and aids development,1 all bring out the good qualities of a horse — and hence it is said that' a cubic inch of the tibia of a horse so reared weighs twenty -per cent more than that of stabled stock. Still, the fifth and the surest plan, if it can be achieved, is to buy colts and fillies su perior to those usually sold by the Arabs. ' There's blood and stride in the desert which has never been seen out. of it.' The tribe which supplies the leading purchasers seldom pays more than £40, whereas it is almost im possible to -get anything that is. really good under £250 or £300, and then only with a great deal of trouble and delay, as an immense favour, and through some one to whom the Arabs are under great obligations. Such an agent is very rare. ' A Stbaxge Stoey. — A strange story is told in connection with the report of the murder at sea on board of the barque Pontiac, of Liver pool, by Jean Moyatos, a Greek' sailor, now in custody in Edinburgh. We do not know whether the particulars we are about to relate have come out in the investigation, bat un doubtedly they have a strong bearing on the case, and make it probable that, but foi the J hallucination of one of the crew — not the Greek sailor — the murder would not have hap pened. It may be remembered that on the 1 3th of October last, five days after the Pontiac left Callao, Jean Moyatos murdered one of his fellow- seamen, and stabbed another in such a dangerous manner that his life was despaired of. Two nights before the fatal occurrence, the mate of the Pontiac was standing near the man at the helm, no other person being on the quarter deck at the time, when the latter in great terror called out, ^'.What is that near the cabin door V The mate replied that be saw nothing, and looked about to see if any one was near, but he failed to discoveranVj^n^gg' ig^^wlTa^gXking mau of 5os«y appearance, and j^t jmmediatety standing at the captain's window.' The mate, though in view of the captain's window, saw no figure near it, nor at any other part of the quarter deck, though he looked round and round. Neit day the report went from one to the other that a ghost was on board, which filled some of the sailors with alarm, while others made a jest of it Next day a boy (a stowaway) was so dreadfully alarmed in his bunk by something he saw or felt, we do not know which, that he cried out so loudly as to waken all the seamen in bed. The boy was sure it was the ghost seen the previous night i that had frightened him, and others of more mature years were inclined to think so too. Perhaps more than one-half of those on board believed that something supernatural was. on board, and that some . calamity was about to» happen. But there were two on board who did not believe the ghost stories, and these were the man who was murdered and his com panion who was stabbed. The former joked, with the' boy about the ghost, and said he would have his knife well sharpened and ready *«? *:li» crhnst if it appeared the next night He would give it a.stab, and ' chuck ' it over board. The latter joined in the joke, saying he also would help ' to do ' for the ghost, and others said they would have letters ready for the ghost to carry to their friends in the other world. Jean Moyatos overheard what was said as to the stabbing and throwing overboard, and in consequence of his imperfect knowledge of the English language, and having previously supposed there was a combination against him, thought that the threats were made against him, and therefore resolved to protect himself. A few hours after the jesting we have briefly ex nlained took place, he stabbed the two men who principally carried on the jest, with that fatal result known. The murder, as might be expected, filled every one on board with horror; and the terror of the sailors who be lieved there was a ghost on board was over whelming.. At night, whether in bed or on watch on deck, they had great dread, which wnslfeigTrtehea by reports that strange .noises were heard below. Not even at the end of the voyage had the fear been overcome, for after the ship was moored in the dock two of the crew, who had agreed to sleep on board, be came so frightened after their companions were paid off; that they refused to remain in the vessel atTiight —Scotsman. n_ ^t,,, momiam'nt nf Rossini's new Mass is written in .his hand-writing the following prayer : ' I hope this mass will be reckoned above against all my sins, and will open to me the gates of Paradise.' (!) Miss Braddon, the novelist, has given £250 to the Dramatic College, for the building of a house, which is to be called, after one of her great literary successes, ' Aurora Floyd.' This will be a combined memento of her benevo lence and of her literary genius. — Court Journal. Facts foe Geologists.— In the Concordia Gold-mining Company's tunnel (on Mr. Stan bridge's property), at a depth of about 100ft. from the surface, the miners came upon the trunk of aiarge tree, firmly embedded iu the washditt It lay right across the course of the drive; in the bed of the ancient creek. This claim abounds in fossil remains. Large masses of vegetable matter, resembling coal in its surface appearance, are also inet with, — Dayles- EXTKAOEOTNAEY LONGEVITY. — On Satur day the remains of a maiden lady of inde pendent circumstances, named Mary Clarke, who died on Tuesday at her residence, Pine Cottage, Lee Eoad, Blaek Heath, Kent, at the advanced age of 107 years, were interred in the family vault at Nunhead Cemetery. Miss Clarke had retained all her ? faculties till the last, and attended church regularly until within a few weeks of her death. The Muedek of Alice Hughes. — On the 14th inst , James Dodd was again brought ap at the Pontville Police Court, charged by Mr. District Constable Ohalu, of Wynyard, Tablo Cape, witli this offence. The prisoner was ranked up in the office with several men, to see if Mrs. Hughes, the mother of the murdered girl, could recoguise among them the man. wlio called at her house at the time the murder was committed. She unhesitatingly said he ?was not among the mcu present. The prisoner was at once discharged. The district constable then applied for his expenses, eight pounds, which his worship, after being satisfied of the correctness of the demand, gave a certificate for, as also one for 10s to Mrs Hughes. It is to be hoped that the police will not apprehend parties for this offence, unless the grounds for suspicion are strong. The number of men already brought before the Bench on suspicion of being the murderer, has entailed a very heavy expenditure on the Government —Ibid. In its agricultural report tlie Argus summa rises the agricultural return just issued, from the office of the Registrar-General : — ' The statistics for the past twelve months show that there was an increase in the quantity of hay grown of 20,289 tons, the number of tons made in 1864 having been 130,970, and in. 1863, 110,681. This was a considerable in crease for one year, and as there is no reason to expect any increase in the consumption this year, no. more work offering for horses, and grass and green fodder of all kinds being quite as abundant as ever they were at this time of the year, prices are more likely to decline than advance. There was a falling off in the not very large quantity of mangolds grown, but an addition of 8,558 acres to the extent of land laid down permanently with English grasses, the total number of acres of artificial meadow and pasture land now being 32,050. Thero was also a greater extent of land under fallow, 21,239 acres in all, these last being, as far as they go, symptoms of a regard for better sys tems of farming. The larger quantity of hay was grown on a smaller extent of land by 9,7 78 acres, .the average last season not having been far short of a ton and a half per acre. With out the detailed returns to refer to, we cannot institute a general comparison between the long tilled and the newer lands, but there is no doubt that the best crops have been obtained in the up-country districts, and that the hay has been better saved in them than near either Melbourne or Geelong. The prominent fea tures in these returns have been already pointed out elsewhere, and, compariug the hay with the.wh'eat crop, it may be almost taken, as a rule, that where the last suffered more from rust^ the former was most injured by ex posure to wet in the field. We find T»'~4 still at the head of the sp;!B±i^« is^Sawi-® the ac/ftwso*'^^ acres for Grant, and '91*319 for Bourke. The year before the order was the same, but since then there has been a considerable increase in the first-named, a pro ?portWoaTC felling off in Grant, Bourte na-vuig - had nearly as many acres tinder wheat last year as the year before. In regard to yield, however, the difference was still more in favour of the inland county, the total production of wheat in Talbot being given as 433,896 bushels, or more than a third of the total pro duce of the colony, while Grant had. only 42,026 bushels, and Bourke 82.4S3 bushels. From this it will be seen how widely the aver age yields of the three counties differed, Talbot having had, even so, only a little over fourteen bushels and a half to the acre. The old stones about omitting farms and eren portions of dis tricts, entirely from the returns, and of the fill ing up of these with information obtained at haphazard from any one inclined to give it, have been revived, with a view of proving these statistics to be of little value ; bur, even granting that there arc many errors and omis sions the totals are not very far from tho tutu, being generally too iow iiuiu man -«??« high, if; at least, we are to judge from the fact that calculators invariably make out wants from other countries to be greater than is shown by the balancing of accounts at the end of each year. Cotton fbom the Lachlan.— We-havo received from a correspondent at Forbes a sample of the first cotton grown on the banks of the Lachlan River. We learn that it waa grown by M. Schiller, who hopes, should tha quality command a good price, to be able to cultivate it with profit, and puqmses planting next season as much as his meaua will allow. Having shown the sample to a qualified judgo of raw cotton he estimated its value, according to the last English prices, at from 2s to 2s 2d per lb, but he was of opinion that a better price would be obtained tor aoutn Jsea lsianu cotton, being longer in staple than the Egyp tian, which is the description of the sample. In connexion with this matter we may mention that a parcel of eight bales of cotton grown near Ipswick, and shipped home in the Jason last year, was sold in February at 28d per lb ; it was pronounced to be '.' of good colour, clear, coarse, but good staple.' Much interest is attached to the experiment of growing cotton on the Lachlan, and we hope that it will be attended with success, in which case it is likely to givg an impetus to the cultivation of that crop throughout the western districts. — Sydney Herald. Preciotjs Stones. — A correspondent at tha Blue Mountain writes : — ' A Jim Crow niiuer recently, found at Garlick's a precious stone of a flinty kind, much harder than jasper, and capable of receiving a higher polish. 'Its colours are various, and some of them. represent such figures as are very surprising,'' — Ibid. The Mount Alexander Mail of yesterday says :— 'It was rumoured in Castlfimaine yesterday, tliat some of the leading c-oinmi;rciat men of tlmt place are seriously considering the formation of a. joint stock coroyany for the purpose of establishing an extensive depol a«d carrying trade, iu order to cu cirarace the supply of goods lo the western districts, via. Castlemaine, instead of Bal.arat. It is con sidered that .tliis proposed venture lias not only tho elements of success as a paying speculation but that the object s&ught; would be gained by a strict Evstem of competition with tue Ballarnt t=»H!s. We are favourably itunressed witb the sclieuio, and trust iliat ils promoters will not allow the idea to escape.' Saib OS SriTIoif.— Mr. Charles Brown reports having sold the stations in the M«rrumbidgM dis trict IS S.W.1 known as Uvarquiutrg and Collin eally with 300 bead of catile, and 6+0 acres of purchassd Imd, «'» prqparty -rf Mes*rt. F. an4 G. J-e Salll/.iO. J5fe.JfSrjJt.Paul,. for the sum of / £10,000, on the usual terms. It is stated by the Launceslon Examiner that the intercolonial sheep aho*. which wm to be held in Tasmania in the course of the present jen.jf b= postponed till 186^ to meet the wishes of flodc nroslers in Victoria. The Geelonp ?? Advertiser states that the total depth of the oonl bore on the Bonron la no'.668 feet The last borings are through bine sandstone, with thin partings bfUae shale and occasional coal ecars. ? 