BOCKINGHAM BAY. The Bockingham Bay correspondent of the Port Dcniton Time* says: — Among the passengers by the Melanie was tbe Govern ment Surveyor, Mr. M'Hnrg and his party, commissioned to lav ont our township : and the courteous demeanor of that gentleman has given general satisfaction. It appears that the Goreruineiit have resolved to pnt up the land to auction in quarter acre allot ments instead of half-acre, as formerly. What is the reason of this change it is hard to say, but at all events its announcement here has met with much disapproval. A meeting was held to petition the Govern ment for an adherence to the system hitherto adopted iu Queensland, many parties having made improvements to a large extent solely on the faith of being thus enabled to secure half-acre allotments, which seemed to be the principle acted upon by Mr. Commissioner Tolly at the time cf bis laying out the first sections. Petitions were at tbe same time adopted, praying that the sum of £2000 might be placed on the estimates for the improvement of the road to the interior, and the sum of £1000 for the construction of a jetty, which is much required, as at present— unless during the spring tides — a vessel is unable to run ou the beach to discharge a cargo, and our lighterage accommodation is of a very meagre description. Last Sunday (June 26). tlie signal 'Schoo- ner from the North' was hoisted at the bamboo flagstaff, and as no schooner was expected from that direction, speculation was rife as to trliat she coaid be. When she hove in sight, she was recognised ss the ' Melanie,' and people were then very anxious to know what had brought her back. The general impression was, that fk^^S^r^J^wteri 'feft.^'^SSl what was reported to be a fever -stricken locality, and tbat the new settlement was a 'ailure : and when she anchored, and ons or two of the passengers stepped on shore, their appearance was certainly calculated to confirm that impression. But the majority, including the leader, Mr. Dalrymple, ap peared iu very good health and spirits, and did not look as if they meant to give up the ghost or the settlement either. Mr. Muller (onr one gardener), who was as lively and quite as regardless of his personal appear ance as ever, was loaded with shields and paddles, rudely painted.huge wooden swords, dilly bags, &c;, spoil from the natives. His appearance caused both amusement and satisfaction, for dnring his absence vegeta bles of any kind were not to be had. We hope he has now given np roaming. It appears that Mr. Dalrymple and party bad proceeded some distance on their overland ourney, when they heard the Mulauie's guns, which induced them to return to tbe port. The vessel- was chartered for Port Denison. and also to return to Bockingham Bay. The account of tbe settlement and the road- to the interior will, no doubt, be read with interest. It is far more satisfac tory than was anticipated, in fact, quite eoukur de rose. — Pert Denuon Timex. 