HOME TALC {From Oe Borne Newe, Mag 86.) j Oes talle in London, for tbe past week or fortnight, has, of course, been quadrupedal, aa will easily be imagined by any who happens to recollect that yesterday waa the Derby Day. I may almost say that the clubs became a nuisance at the time of the great British festival, for tbe talk g/etf BO terribly "horsey." Even tbe quiet men, end those who know nothing more about a race than that it is a feat performed by a certain number of well-bred borses in tbe presence of an uncertain number of men, who for the most part are ill bred, share the excitement, just as Diu- retics rolled his tub under tbe influence of the general agitation. Moreover, these quietiats are usually mored to put their names down for the sweepstakes, and though they do not care what hone wins (supposing their own draw has no chance, as usually happens), tliey hat« strong hopes and fear» as to what man on the club list may obtain the prise. It ia aggravating to see the two or three h andrea pounds go to some very rich fellow, who doesn't want the money at all, or to some hungry, un- popular, snarling man «rho wanta it very much indeed, and in thc absence of extreme ease«, k ia matter of growl when the eas» goes to aotaeU«ly who scarcely ever comos near tbe dob, and whose name ii unknown to the nut >ori ty of mern ber». To one of tbese three ekssea, the winning horse is generally thrown, and then men decLtre they wiu never put M acain, and diey never do until the following May. All our discnaaioos and apprehension» arti of course uow over, Mr. W. l'Anscu'a horse, named Blair Athol, haring yester- day «ron the Derby for .80*. Circem ataneea over which I had no control, «sd i my rnspmiod -f^j*fi attendant had tiot ranea, prevented my attending tba race, bdt, baving read tba Derby literature for the laat quarttsr of a century, I con- scientiously altejçe, in any form pre arribad by any Act of Parliament for the abolishing needlef . affidarita, and substi- tut in>j de-laratiom in lieu thereof, that I do not believe that a single atom of near descriptive matter in regard to the race or ita i neiden ta «an bo supplied by tbs ra cwt imaginative reporter that can be sent to Bpsom. A Frenchman might do it, or a Japanese Ambassador, or an American, but I am, unhappily neither of tbe three. We were talking of Garibaldi when I last wrote, but tl tat subject it now for- gotten, of course. The persons who were disappointed that the upper classes took the great Iulian into their care, did their utmost to get up a disturbance about hia going away without visiting the provinces, but no sensation could be eieated. A meeting on Primrose-hill, with which they supplemented the Îlanting of the Shakespeare oak, was, aa mentioned, disjiersed by the police, but Government very aensibly allowed another to be holden, and it went off in smoke. A deputation went to scold Mr. Gladstone for bis part in tho dis- missal of Garibaldi, but his exquisite courtesy and élaborai ed precision of ex- planation, with a sarcasm so well veiled that it could not be made matter of offence, were too much for the accusers, and they retired grumbling out a sort of satisfaction, at which Mr. Gladstone declared himself delighted beyond measure. Garibaldi wa* taken away in the Duke of Sutherland's yacht, and a Mayor and the Aldermen of the place when he departed were broken-hearted, for they had prepared the usual onslaught, but was told that the wind was too good to be lost for the sake or their platitudes. Ile ÍH now sate in Caprera. Cardinal Wiseman has emitted a pas- toral, in which he alludes to Garibaldi's expressed admiration for the French Revolution, nnd its adoration of the Goddess of Reason (an unlucky laptui pennie, certainly), and asks what must the Church of England be when many of ita dignified clergy were seen shaking hands with a man who had avowed such sentiments. The Cardinal is a very smart person-too smart, I fancy, to be made Pope in place of his present Holi- ness, whose successor it is said that it bas been necessary to select. The Queen is in the Highlands. I have neither intention nor desire to say more upon a disagreeable subject than is necessary, but having undertaken to report " what is said," I can hardly avoid a reference to the matter. There is no doubt that the views and wisher of her Majesty, iu reference to the Dano German war, are those winch ini^ht bc expected from the daughter, widow, and mother-in-law of German royalty. The.*e viewB aud wishes are not those nf the Heir Apparent, the husband of a Danish princess, nor are they those of the majority of the people. But that is all that ought to be said upon the subject. Englishmen have their own feelings, but are perfectly able to make allowances for the feelings of others, and especially for those of a Sovereign, who, from the moment of her accession, has deserved and obtained our best affections. Were the Queen to come among the people to- morrow, her reception would De one of the mort unbounded loyalty, notwith- , standing that most of us wish that should hostilities succeed the expiry, of the ar i mistic*, the Prussian army may receive a defeat, and the Austrian ships be again worsted. We do not parade our loyalty, except upon rare occasions, but we keep it, and do not allow accidents to inter- fere with it. That the Prince of Wales should be all on the «ide of his princess's family is as natural, and more gratify- ing. By the way, his royal highness fans inaugurated his public career by taking thc chair at the banquet of the Literary Fund, and by delivering a very fresh and pleasant speech, evidently of his own composing, in which he paid a graceful tribute to the late Mr. Thacke- ray (of whose works he is understood to be a sincere admirer) and. in which, in a touchingly frank maimer, be regretted that all bis own father's speeches had not been fully reported. The London season is well on, and one is reminded of Sir G. Cornewall Lewis's speech, worthy of Rochefoucauld, that " life would be very tolerable, but for its pleasures." Everybody is everywhere. But either there is so much talk that there is no t:me for conversation, .ir there is an absence of salient topics, fur I have seldom known a May in which there has been less to discus*. We have had some tremendously hot weather, which came ali of a sudden, and the glass in the sun was at 110 de- \ grees, and tor about a week this created , a real sensation, but some fierce thunder- storms have cleared the atmosphere, and we are now almost cold airain. I do not know whether the habit of talking meteorology, when friends meet, has gone out to Australia with other accom- plishments, but if so, yon can under- stand the advantage of these chang« to our conversationists. What else do people talk about ? Let me see. Well, I dined out two or three days ago (or I might have been able to go to the j Derby) and I bad the advantage of sitting next to a very charming married j lady, who knew everything, at least, and I told me most of it. She said, amonjr a I thousand and one other things, that it was all very well to talk (and it is, if j you can talk aa she did) but that Lord Palmerston «as by no meant so strong\ aa it waa the thing to say, that though j he occasionally had fits and starts of Parliamentary energy, he was very often by no means up to hu work, and that be ought to take care of bim self At the same time, abe said, laughing, that though ahe would not aar whether she waa, or wasn't, a bit of believer in the supernatural, she did oat think that the philosophic appearances which have been a« much talked about, aa bario» been asen in the. sheet of water at his place. Brocket-ball had any sjgnificsnee. But he would have to give up hard work, and let us have a new Premier very soon. Ah! Bet who it to ba the new man? Weö, gentlemen mott actúe Hutt, poor women know nothing, but did I think that Mr. Gladstone Etd gone out of fait tray for uotbingP (This referred toa «peech which Mr. Gladstone baa astonished th* world with, one in which ] he declared that the tim» had come for .extending the suffrage to the working { dieses, and in whiqb Mgave his support to » bill for reduenig borough voters from £ LO to £6.) Well, Mr. Glads! one j was a tory clever and a very ambitious I man and if fae saw that the Tories, who i have won a great many elections and ' think they can oust the Cabinet, would j make their rash, be intended to hoist the Badical flag, and hiv* a Ministry of bit own. Here, and leaving you to imagine that at this moment the whitebait interrupted us, I may tn cm iou that 1 put this sug- gestion of my accomplished friend's tu a man who supposes himself to be in the enjoyment ot fall Ministerial confidence, and I am bound to tay that he does pick up some early tarts. He asserted that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had no auch se!fifth ideas, and that he waa " feeling the ice " for his colleagues, who would not lie indisposed to play a reform trump, if their opponents' hand proved very strong. Anyhow, Mr. Gladstone's speech haa caused a great agitation, and the ultras have held meetings, and pro- claimed him as their own. Oxford is very wrathful, and advises him to try Finsbury at the next election, as Isis blushes behind her veil for her once | favourite son. But leaving that lady, j let me return to mine, who further in- formed me: - That both the operas are very dull this year, and that the directora ought to be made to bring out something new, instead of perpetually giving music of which every school-girl knows every note. That Herr Wachtel, with his one firework note, is a mere imposition, and can't sing at all. That Mario is, of course, delightful, when he can do hts work, but he is always breaking down, and takes no care of himself. That certainly he haa learned Faust, but how has he learned it, and you cannot say that he has mastered the part, and how should he ? He has the music at home, and now and then fae looks at it, smoking bis dreadful cigars, and then his singing master comes, and makes him kuow some of ir, more or less as the case may be, and oftener less than more, and then he comes out, and if he happens to be in tolerable voice that night, things go pretty well. But fae will not know t'te part until he has sung it through two seasons, and then, if he ha* a voice, it will be charming, but meantime the world goes round. As for Patti, she is very ciever, no doubt, and her popularity is extraordinary, but so was that of Piccolotnini, who used to come up tn a note, and if she did r.ot like it, would jump over it, like a horse over a five barred gate. But she was not a great artist, and her voice had been worked much too hard. Who else was there to talk about? And as if things were not dull enough, we were to have Fidelio. (Lovely music, I humbly interpolated.) Why, it was Beethoven, and it was not the thing to be profane, but wasn't it dull? And at Covent garden, there was nothing but ringing the changes on the Prophet, Robert, and the Huguenot*. Here I would have an innings, and spoke of the death of Meyerbeer, the grandest composer of the day. Very weil, no doubt, but we have had enough I of the old works. Where was his j Africaine, which has been promised for ! the last ten years ? Why was it not Í brought out at once, and not at the fag end of the season, when everybody waa out of town? Of course, one must go to the Opera, but never were subscribers so ill-treated, and next year nobody would subscribe at alL Here came some trout, with iced sauce, and we dropped the musicians. But I had much more to be told, and, inter alia. That it waa quite rijht of Lord De Grey to make an example of the War i office clerk» who played chicken-hazard in office hours. It was vc rv hard, of course, upon men who bad risen to the head of their department, and were un- fit for other employment, that they should be turned out, and lose the benefit of the fund. But a severe example was wanted, for there were hundreds of young men, of tolerable principles, but not very strong minds, who thought it waa fine to imitate their superiors, and who might take to gamble, and bring themselves and their families to ruin. Something might be done, by and by, for the men who had been turned out, but all mothers must be indebted to Lord De Grey for having read the lesson. Besides, it was auch a temptation to wrong the country. A man who is in an office of trust must bear things which it might be worth many a person's while to pay fur knowing (for instance, she knew somebody who had seen the whole Budget before it came out), and suppose a gambler chose to make up bia loases by letting a secret to be known in certain quarters. I said that I did not believe these latter considerations actuated her at all, women cared nothing about the public, but she was thinking of ber own two elegant sons who were both in Govern- ment employ. Hence arose a alight coolness, which lasted until the dessert, when we became once more friends, «td I heard that the Academy exhibition waa rather better than usual, but that there was uo picture of mark (and I knew, but, schooled bj experience, did not say that thia tweant that there waa no vulgar, literal painting of something everybody had aseo, and thereto,* crowded to see on canvaa, until a police- man wai needful to compel circulation) ; that títere were two ourang-outanga at the Zoolooj; teal -gardens, but bad apeci ?nena, not worth shooing; that if 1 bad not beard anything about a divorce which was going to set everybody talk- ing, aha waa not going to be the «rat to tell ms of it, (aha did, later) ; that Mr. Disraeli had re-published bia youthful " Bot olutionary Epick," in défiance of people who asid ha had advocated sywitsMida, but that he ttad alterad tis» chjsctionaMe pmtg» into perfect btrn leasneaa ; that «be had read tb* first number of Mr. Dickens's new storr, bat could not make up her mind wbrtner it was going to interest ber or not, btU that if Mr. Trollope had saver drawn any character hut Lily Dale be ought to be immortal, only the end nf the book waa so unsatisfactory ; that «he aeldoui went to a theatre, because they ran pieces for two years, but that the two or three novelties had all been had, and Mr. Southern's Garrick wss a aad descent from hi« Dundreary ; that these Green- wich dinners were a great deal too long (pleasant for me), but that now, ths.uk gractous, they were going to get op that we were not to smoke too much, and that the carriages were ordered at ten o'clock. Really, I do not know that there is much to add this time to the information which I received under the circum- stances mentioned. Shall I tay that a book ia in the press which Will bare great interest both for us and for you, the diary of Mr. Stuart, the Australian explorer? It is soon to be published, with engravings aad capital map«, and bas been edited by a gentleman in every way competent to do justice to tbe hardy and gallant explorers. At Hampton, on the banks of the Thames, and at one of its most beautiful j »arts, stands a large, and not elegant house, which is interesting as bavins I teen built by the great actor, David Garrick. On the lawn in front is a tem- ple, as it is called, which the actor erected in Questionable honour of Shake- speare, and fur which Horace Walpole (who had then learned to admire the fashionable artist, in whom he saw little when Garrick was only making bi« way) wrote a not very neat inscription. TÍic house and grounds have long been in the hands of somit wealthy trader-folk, and they are now offered for sale at thc Auc- tion Mart. I was Writing a friend in the neighbourhood on Sunday, and in spite of an edict we managed to talk and bribe our way into the house. The j rooms, with oae exception, are not good, but there is a. fine drawing-room, with bay window, which is very interesting, being in exactly the state in which Gar- j rick left it. The walla are adorned with ; large Chinese designs, and the great old j embroidered chairs one could easily fill, ! by a slight effort of imagination, with 1 Johnson, Hurlee, R-ynolds, Goldsmith, i and the rest of Thc Club. Garrick's bedroom, which is in two parts, compris- 1 ing a sort of alcove in which is the bed, ornamented with the celebrated' Chi ni hangings (which he had so much trouble to get through the Custom-house that the grievance became historical), and a lofty arched apartment, that could be shut off by a curtain, is also worth note. It is decorated with nome graceful me- dallions, and with looking- glasses wbich are composed of many piece?, for there were no gigantic sheets of glass in those days. The grounds are delightful, and there is an "eyot" or "nit" of the Thames that goes with them. The road cuts the lawn, but there is a subterranean way to the river, and this tunnel was suggested by Dr. johnson. There is no time for an Australian millionaire to send over carte blanche, to save the place, and I bear that it is to be bought at almost any price by a rich tailor, whose emissaries chalk the walls with vulgar recommendations to try his go-id*, and he announces that ho shall pull the house down, in order, I suppose, to build a Nnip Villa. We may surely expect that as one of th" authors of a Drury lane " address " that was really " re- ; jeeted," wrote,- ; ** The troubled shade of Garrick, hovering near, j Will drop in Thames' ware e pitying tear." I do not touch foreign nutters, but it would seem strange to omit all mention of the awful struggle now ra^iiií in j America, or to leave it tu be supposed that we do not «(teak of it. On Epsom Downs, yesterday, there assembled at least 200,003 persons to enjoy them- selves, and to witness the contest ol' some magnificent horses. The same papers wtiich record this tell us that within a few days' steaming, at least 200,030 men speaking our language, were meeting, early in the month, to slaughter one another, and that they kept at the bloody work six days, in- cluding a Sabbath. We do not forget such horrors, even in our mirth, and we pray that the fratricidal contest may soon be brought to an end. Grant, the Federal, appears to be a leader of the British bulldog kind, and he has cer- tainly advanced towards Richmond, though it seems only to get neirer to linea and defences against which bis armies will be hurled in vain. We hear a good deal about theatrical matters in Australia, and you may like to know that our theatres are all very busy, except Dru ry-lane, wbich has just dosed, and is to let. The sensation of the moment ia an elaborate revival of Hamlet, by Mr. Fechter, at the Lyceum. He baa aome fine scenery, and a most ] artistic ghost, only the ghost ia too tat, i and not very solemn, and is chiefly ad- i mired for his cleter disappearances. '. Miss Kate Terry has made a great suc- cess in Ophelia, aa waa expected. An attempt at a Morality Play, after the old fashion, by Tom Taylor, has not been re- ceived with much favour at the Olympic, lt baa many defects, but ita real sin in the eyes of the critics, who are angu- larly devoted elat es to managers, is that it treads on too many corns. 1 suppose von will not he much concerned to Know that Mr. Webster and Mr. Bourcicsult are vituperating each other in letter», aprofiot of a very bad comedy which tho hater «lld to the former aa original, but which of course was taken from the French. Miss Bateman continues to draw capital houses to ber LaA, which abe will play to the end of her engage- ment, and then ah* will has» a rawt, ¿id probably a coutitrj round, returning to town when the winter aaa »on begin». Thia charming young artiat has achieved . moat legitimate aucceas, without ad veotitioue aid, and solely by her fresh, womanly, and eympathettc actinc- *" Mr. ftntch ' dediotte* to ber tho loitering ffignm, with whkh I ttmiUI* gy gt»v j .tnt devpatch J tm« Mm «» mu* «ir lN»'*MlMrtl (.«MMOM» dNHSWRIUM, «Hf, rn*' Hi «»Mr>i« tat»*»**,*» »wnt Hil i Tat Uw> M tin, «-tat «M ?«?? fm ii <«4M«I j l«llMI^MM«nif«t>-,««Mf||l, I Of l»»»j»^io»»wl»>i»»l,l»«wfc^ ; 