THE LAST OF THE ALABAMA. (From the «Saturday Review.') Captain Semmes will scarcely have earned the gratitude of his own Government by his chivalrous rashness. The Alabama and the Kearsage were far less unequally matched than the respective naval forces of the belligerents. When the two great border champions of Chevy Chase fell by one another's hand, the King of England, according to the patriotic ballad-writer, trusted that he had within his realm 500 men as good as Percy. If the Kearsage had been lost the Federal dockyards could have supplied mauy ships as powerful; while the Confederacy like the Scottisli King in his lament for Douglas, had but one Alabama. The decisive combat of last Sunday has added largely to the value of American shipping in all parts of the world and the news will be received throughout the Union with an exultation which would scarcely be ^surpassed if Grant succeeded in taking Richmond. The deliberate offer and acceptance of a challenge to a duel is almost unprecedented iu warfare, and the admiration which is sometimes felt for romantic daring is largely qualified by doubts as to "the wisdom of quixotic adventures. If one combatant has reason to seek a trial of strength, it is generally not the interests of his adversary to gratify his desire. The strategy of the sea is, indeed, compaiatively simple; but a^captain of a ship, like a general,ought to fight only for some definite object. If Captain Semmes had been at liberty to consult only liis personal wishes, his motive for fighting the Kearsage would have been perfectly intelligible. No more conclusive answer could have been given to tbe slanderous assertion that he was a pirate or privateer for pirates never attack except when booty is to be gained and privateers fight only under compulsion. The engagement with the Kearsage goes far to prove that the ravages inflicted on American commerce by the Alabama were acts of legitimate warfare, designed to cripple the enemy's resources, and not merely to benefit the captor; and Captain Semmes and liis officers are entitled to respect as gallant and patriotic servants of their country. Of the English crew it can only be said that they were true to their adopted flag, and that, like the seamen of former times, they were as ready for a desperate combat, without the prospect of gaiD, as for the pursuit of plunder. The irregularity of their proceedings may be condoned, as the Federal navy also is largely manned by Englishmen. jjgTnE PoBtic-HorsEs OP LONDON.—Few persons, srysthe 'Cornhill Magazine,' are aware of tbe immense sums spent in these places by the Icndoi workmen. An advertisement sumo time since appeared iu the * Despatch' newspaper for the sale of a large public-house n JEdgeware-road, the returns of which were £240 awe;k. This is an amount equal to the whole expenditure for wine, beer and splits of the Athenaeum, Reform,and ConserWitive Clubs put together, with a balance of more than £1,000 a year to spare. The retnrns of the Trevor Hall, Knightsbridge, are said to exceed the expenditure in alcoholic liquors of the four ! largest Clubs in St James's put together, aud yet there are 17 other public-houses, all doing j a flourishing trrde, within a radius of 300 yards of the building. - Give every publichouse or beershop in London an average frontage of 21 feet, and we shall find, if placed aide by side, they would make a row of houses 39 miles in length. To find the amomiib of money spent annually in these establishments would require more time and space than we could bestow upon the question; but we will take one portion of it alone—the rent, taxes, gas, and establishment charges, all of which the customer has, iudirectly, to pay for before he obtiins the commodity he requires. Let us assume, then, thatjtire average rent, taxes, and establishment charges of the London publichouse to be £125 per annum. This sum is far below the real amount, but we like always to work on minimum data. THE PFLDFCE OP WJJ.ES AT ST. PAUL'S SCHOOL.—On Wednesday afternoon his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales visited St. Paul's School, and was received by Dr. Kynaston and several of the principals. A numerous and select party were already assembled in the school, and the orations and distribution of prizes by the Prince were then proceeded with. THE MATHEW BA.TTEEV.—This is a battery for ships and forts recently patented by John Mathew, Esq., of Barnet, Herts, late captain in the Leicestershire Militia. The invention, as adapted to forts, consists in an iron tower, encased in masonry or otherwise, with quarters for gunners and magazine, covered by the glacis. The tower is opened at the top, and has within it a movable turret, placed on a platform of the full circuit tU . of, with an iron-cased roof. Guns are placed on a turntable within the turret, which, by suitable mechanical power, are raised to the level of the tower, and, after being discharged, lowered again within the tower to be reloaded; whereby the gunners and guns will be effectually protected from tbe enemy's fire. By means of the turntable the heaviest guns can be easily managed, so as to fire in any direction required; aud as they can be direc- ted from within the turret, only so many gunners as may be required to lay the gun when raised for use will be in any degree exposed to tbe fire of the enemy. It may be applied to an ordinary battery, by raising the guns to fire over the parapet and lowering them to reload; each gun is to be on a separate platform, protected by an iron cased roof. The invention can also be applied to iron-cased ships of war or ordinary vessels, where the turret will be raised so far above the deck as may be necessary to discharge the gans. This battery, it is presumed, will be a very difficult object for an enemy to aim at, being only visible during the laying of the gun, while by means of the turntable platform the guns are quickly brought to bear on an enemy. Temporary possession would not enable the enemy to spike or overthrow the gun, neither could they penetrate into the tower when the roof was lowered. Fitted on board ship, when not in action, the turret is down on a level with the deck, and consequently does not raise the centre of gravity of the ship, and cause her to be top-heavy, thus diminishing resistance and giving greater speed, with equal stability, to the ship. The character and armament of the ship would be with difficulty arrived at by the enemy, as the tower being down, would, up to the moment of action, be invisible. SCAECITV OF LABOUR IS AMERICA,—A St. Louis letter of May 1, says :—"Bricklayers, carpenters, and other mechanics are so scarce here that bosses aud contractors are taking measures to bring out a large number from Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York. Quite a demand exists for new buildings, but the scarcity of labour prevents improvements. Day labourers on the levee receive 50 anl 60 cents per hour." THE MILITIA.—A return furnished by the commanding officers of Militia regiments, shows that the number of privates present at the training of 1863 was 92,952—namely, GO,110 in England <fc Wales,8,542 iu Scotland, and 24,300 in Ireland. The number of privates enlisted in the year ending April 5, 1864, has been 18,670 iu England and Wales, 2,848 in Scotland, and 7,718 in Ireland, making 29,236 in all; and the sums paid for such enlistments amounted to £64,319. THE DANES.—People breakfast at nine, dine at three, and sup at ten, on returning from the theatre or the public gardens. Soup follows the fish, and smoked salmon is served up with meat. Tea is taken to breakfastmilk at supper. The theatre opens at five and closes at nine. The hours for dinner and theatre, albeit denounced by M. de Fiaux as a century behindhand, are in reality the best adapted for the preservation of health and longevity. The celebrated equestrian Rentz, who, with his company, is at Vienna in winter, spends the summer in the North, and more especially in Copenhagen, whose inhabitants are especially partial to horsemanship. The Court attend these circnses with the simplicity of citizens. The loyalty and probity of the Danes is proverbial. M. de Flaux, a Romanist, eays—" It is marvellous to see in how short a time Protestantism has subdued and moralized them." The coasts of Zeelaud and the archipelago were of yore the repairs of bandit. The hardy natives despised agriculture, and, devoted themselves wholly to fishing and piracy. Every man was a wrecker, even the Bishop at their head. There iB now neither burglar, highwayman, nor wrecker in the land. If there is a thief, ten to one he is an alien. Everywhere marshes aud forests are giving way to fat pastures and magnificent crops. The people have to come down from the hills, whence they used to watch the stoim-tossed ships as their proximate prey, and have gathered togetherin villages, and in towns. The comfort and cleanliness of a Danish cottage can only find its rival in England. The people have also become as calm aud as pacific as once they were turbulent and bellicose. In their public gardens, their markets, or even their taverns, such a thing as a quarrel or a row is almost unheard of.—' Colburn's New Monthly Ludicrous Circumstance at the Market Drayton Theatre, Shropshire, in 1801.—In an old periodicil of this date, which I picked np at, an old book-stall, in the following humorous story, which appeals at the time to have been dulyau.tbenticated. It runs thus:—"Aludicroua circumstance lately occurred at the Market Drayton Theatre. The company were performing ' PizatTO," when, during the hymn id the sun, the lights being placed too near to the transparent scene of that luminary, it unfortunately took fire! The manager who was officiating as high priest, just after ringing the words ' O power supreme!' observed the mishap, and in the utmost consternation shouted out to the stagekeeper, «The sun's on fire!' Still, however, np nrnrtAAnwi tH7if.il 4-VIA LINM*. J it: _ words before quoted, the poor manager frantically exclaimed, 'Gracious, man, put out the sun! don'tltell yoait'sonfire*. The sun,however, continued to blaze, and the manager to alternately sing, and even swear, till the audience, notwithstanding their own fears, were literally convoked with laughter. The sun however, was ultimately extinguished, and the play proceeded."—Another writer adds:—"The late theatrical accident in Shropshire is not the first instance of a manager being scorched by a flame of his own kindling During the time ilr Garrick's performance in Goodman's Fields the stage rose so much from the lamps to the back scenery that it was very dfficult for a performer to walk properly on it, and unfortunately it was then the custom to introduce their ghosts (in the play of ' '.lamlet', in a complete suit— not of gilt leather—but of real armour. The dress for this august personage was one night, in honour of Mr Garrick's Hamlet, borrowed from the Tower, and was consequently rather too ponderous fur the royal Dane. The moment; therefore, that he was put at the trapdoor, unable : to keep his balance,' he rolled down the stage to the lamp3, which catching the feather in his helmet the ghost seemed in danger of being consumed by mortal fires, till a gentleman roared out from the pit, 'Help! Help! the lamps have caught the cask of your spirits, and, if the iron hoops fly, the house will be in a blaze! The commotion may be easily imagined The curtain dropped, and the affrighted attendants rau on the stage carried off theghost, and quenched the fire, by laying hitn in a tiibof water."—Shrewsbury Chrouicle.' GARIBALDI.—A meeting of the City Gari- baldi Committee was held on Monday evening at the London Tavern. After some discussion it was resolved that for the present the testimonial fund should be closed. Mr J. Richardson mentioned that he had good reason to believe that Garibaldi would revisit England before long. ABKIVALOF THE CEICKETEES FROM Aus- T it ALIA.—The cricketers arrived on Monday morning via Marseilles and Paris—Carpenter, G. Parr, Tarrant, and Hayward, being present at Lord's Ground afterwards. Sir Grace stays a month longer, and Caffyn is engaged for three years. A Philadelphia paper, under the appropriate headiug of " The Balance of Blood," adds up the losses of the Federals and Confederates during the war to the end of 1863. According to this statement the Confederates lost 28,147 killed, 99. 469 wounded, 89,049 prisoners.and 130,000 men who have died of fever and o:her diseases—in all, 347,465 men. The Federals hare lost 40,906 killed 132,745 wounded, and 89,959 prisoners, besides no less than 290,000 men who have perished of fever, makinga total of 552,728 men; or an aggregate on both sides of over 900,000 men—a frightful total which by this time has probably increased to seven figures. It will be observed that while the number of prisoners is nearly the same on both sides, and the losses in killed and wouaded are about proportionate, there is an enormous excess of Federals who have died in camp. We learn from the same source that there has been an extraordinary increase in the number of women admitted into asylums who have become insane though the loss of brothers, sons, or husbands. Suchare some of the losses of the war to put against the enormous gains of Urn N T ew York contractors and the shoddyocracy. THE WRO.VO STOMACH.—'Boston' (U.S.) Traveller tells a story of a lady who was staying with her husbaud at an hotel. In the night the husband was taken very ill with spasms iu the stomach. The wife went and procured some mustard a.id made a poultice in his handkerchief, She returned, as she thought to his room, aud raising the bedclothes, ie., laid the warm poultice upon a stomach ' but uot the stomach of her lord." Hallo there! What tbe—are you about!'' shouted a voice of thunder, aud the body and sleeves, whence it issued, sprung out of bed. The lady screamed and rati; her husbxnd rushed to the rescue from the next room, the waiters joined, and a small scene ensued, much to the amusement of all concerned. „r- T w P , ri>,ce of Wales is g°i»g ta shoot at Wimbledon, at the rifle contest. A Manchester gent sent up a £100 note to a London book-maker wherewith to back Blair AtlioL Sixteen hundred pounds was the result and it was duly sent tn the gout. By some accident the postage-stamp was not affixed, and a letter of thunderiug indignation was returned accusing the sender of everything but noble birth, and ended with a bi.t of busuiees-like brag to„the effect that it he wauted a stamp the writer would send him a cartload. The magistrates of Middlesex had a meeeting recently, Mr. Pownall presiding, when Mr Serjeant Payne moved, and Mr. Harwood seconded that the magistrates should petition Parliament against the Prisons Bill, now before the House of Commons, on the ground that it would empower the Secretary of State to appoint Homan. Catholic chaplains to the gaols against tbe wish of the magistrates. The motion was carried by a large majority, and a form of petition was adopted, and ordered to be forwarded to Mr. Newdegate for presentation. At the Judicial Committee of Privy Councilon June 23 there was an ex parte hearing of it petition on the part of Bishop Colenso, pmvine that an appeal might be admitted against tht Bishop of Capetown's judgment, deposing the petitioner The petition was ordered to stand, over till the sitting after Micheelmas term. The death of Mr Abraham Crowley, the brewer of the famous Alton ale, is announced. The deceased gentleman was nearly t-0 years of agt He was a great .advocate of education aud his firm solely supported a girls' school in which wew 150 scholars, and besides this th%y were libemi supporters of au Alton boya'^hftok- The. Queensland Mounted Riflis have been." saaetted under the new title ot "The Queenshod light Horse^ 