RWERINX The River Tp.ade. — So great has been the sne- : cess of fhs steamers trading on.our rivers since the opening of tbes lailway to Sandhurst, tl(s& theiff ' number is to be fturgely hicreased. Murray 'and Jackson, the owners of the Lady Daly, are building; at Port Adelaide, one of fifty tons, at an estimated cost of £4000 f she will, it is expected, be ready in. July. Her construction is similar to- that of the liady Daly, but snorter, to enable her more reamiy to turn in the sharp bends. The same fina will have another boat ready in September. At Wabgunyah, a small steamer, calculated more for passenger toaffic, is about being commenced, and we hear that two itfora boats of thirty tons burden may shortly be expected to arrive. The Coorong, eteamer, one of the Adelaide and Melbourne line, mil periodically call at Victor Harbor, whence the- freights will.be con veyed by the Lady Daly, and when speed in the de livery of the goods is important she wiJl dispense with her barge. The little Riverina is still engaged carrying wheat from Echuca to Wahgunyoh, but on completion of the contract she will go to , the L©weff Murray and Murrumbidgee. — Pastoral Times. The Iron Punts for Clearing the Murray.' — ? It savors certainly of the ungracious to find fault with the Victorian Government in the matter of the steps they so promptly and boldly undertook with regard to the clearing of the Murray, but there, can be no question that the iron punts now being put together at the Campaspe junction, are totally onfift for the service for which they are intended. By whomsoever the Government were persuaded to send ut- these lumberinGr. old. useless tubs, we cam only say they were most wrongfully, blunderingly and stupidly advised. The iron plates of wbieh the punts are built are full uf holea,;and in general worn so thin that the slightest touch of a snag would pierce them. They may float when they are launched, but it is ten to one if they don't go down very shortly afterwards. From their build they would not. steer,, even if rudders were pro-- vided them, which,- it appeara, is not the case. To» take any more trouble with them — to patch andl re-patch them, and to have to raise them from ?the bottom dozens of tiraos after they have been set to work— would only be waste, of money and labor. If after they aro completed they can be pronounced water-tight by competent persons, tho only uses to which they can be applied will be- after being safely ? moored and never moved, . te» contain stores for the snagging parties. Perhaps' some enterprising Echuccn would give the Govern ment their worth in old iron to make bathing boats of them — but they are scarcely .fit for that; and the only other use to which we can conceive they could be possibly applied would be- for a fishing company to convert them into tanks to hold live fish.: Placed in a lake or shallow swamp, where they could not sink, they would soon supply themselves with fresh water from the sides and bottoms. — Riverine Herald, May 25. ' . A Strange Stoby. — A strange story is told in connection with the report of the murder at sea. on board of the bark Pontiao, of Liverpool, by Jean Moyatos, a Greek sailor, now in custody in Edin burgh. We do not know whether the particulars we are about to relate have come out in the investi gation, bnt undoubtedly they have a strong, bearing on the case and make it probable that, but for the hallucination of one of the crew — not the Greek sailor — the murder would not have happened. It may be remembered that on the 13th of October lasi, five days after the Pontiac left Callao, Jean Moyatos murdered one of his fellow-seamen and stabbed another in such ? a dangerous manner that his life was despaired of. Two nights before the fatal occurrence, the mate of the Pontiac was stand ing near the man at the helm, no other person being on the quarterdeck at the time, when the latter, in great terror, called out, ' What is that near the cabin door ?' The mate re plied that he saw nothing, and looked about to see if any one was near, but he failed to discover any person. The steersman then much terrified, said the figure he saw was that of a strange-looking man of ghostly appearance, and almost immediately afterwards exclaimed, ' There he is again, stand ing at the captain's window.' The mate, though in view of the captain's window, saw no figure near it nor at any other part of the quarterdeck, though he looked round and round. Next day the report went from one to the other that a ghost was on board, which filled some of the sailors with alarm, while others made it jest of it. Next night a boy (a stowaway) was so dreadfully alarmed in his bunk by something he saw or felt (we do not know which) that he cried out so loudly as to waken all the seamen in bed. The boy was sure it was the ghost seen the previous night that had frightened him, and others of more mature years wero inclined to think so too. , Perhaps more than one half of those on board believed that something supernatural was on board, and that some calamity was about to happen. But there were two on board who did not believe the ghost stories, and these were the man who was murdered and his companion who was stabbed. The former joked with the boy about the ghost, and said he would have his. knife well sharpened and ready for. the ghost if it appeared the next night. He would give it a btab and 'chuck' it overboard. The latter joined in the joke, saying he also would help ' to do ' for the ghost, and others said they would have letters ready for the ghost to carry to their friends. in the other world. Jean Moyatos overheard what was said as to stabbing and throwing overboard, and in consequence of his imperfeot knowledge of the English lan guage, and having previously supposed there was a combination against him, thought that threats were made against him, and therefore re solved to protect himself. A few hours after the jesting we have briefly explained took place, he stabbed the two men who principally carried on the jest, with that fatal result known. The murder, v, as might be expected, filled every one on board with horror ; and the terror of the sailors who believed there was a ghost on board was overwhelming. At night, whether in bed or on watch on deck, they had great dread, which was heightened by reports that strange noises were heard below. Not even at the end of tho voyage had the. fear been overcome, for . /. after the ship was moored in ths dock two of the crew, who had agreed to sleep on board, became so frightened after their companions were paid off, that they refused to remain, in the vessel at night.— Scotsman. 