CENTRAL POLICE COURT - Saturday Before Messrs. Pinhey, Murphy, and Boseley. Threo drunken and riotous obaraeter« wara discharged. Mary Haddock«, an idlo and diiorderly character, wte sent to gaol for threo íaj«. . -\ t . ' " i , Mary Callaghan waa charged'on suspicion of stealing a him I'va'uod 18s. Mr«. Clarke deposed lhat she left her home the dai boforoyosterdsy, and tbe ham was hanB'ng" up In Ihe kitchen Tbe doors wire seeure, but when ebe returned, the barn wss gone Prisoner denied the ohsrge. Mary Christian dr-bpaed to the Ïirisonor' calling at ber house in SUesox- sIreet, on Thursday, and nqulred for Mrs- Clarke'« rca'denoe. VWrnets «bowed her, and efiorwarJs sawprisonor go Into Mrs. Clarke's yard, but not late the boase.' Sbe also saw hor come oat of ibo yard' Ure nilnntei sf orwarde, with something under her arm. From iboeppea.-. anoo of the parcel itolosoly resembled a ham. Sbo na» found guilty, and fined 20». ; or, in default, »evan days' gaol. Mary Gelasplo waa ohargod by constable Fairley with iloalloc. aplooeof coburg cloth, valued at Soo , tbo proporly of Willlara Andrew, deeper, Parramatta- slteet. She ,was remanded Uli Wed nesday next. -* Thomas Wilson was oharged with assaulting «peelal-eonstable Byan, the ringer of Hyde Park, in tbo execution of bia doty. A medical oorllficato oxplalned that, from severo Injuriai received,tbo prosecutor wa« oonflned to bis bed and unable to attend. Ho was remanded till Wednesday nrxt. Sarah Smith wa« charged with »tea'lng a »liver bnntlng level watch, valued X8, the proooMy if John Hogsflesh, Prisoner denlid tbe charge. Prossentor deposed that he resided in Upper William street, and saw the prisoner on tbe Rece- ooursi between 11 andl2o'oock at night. There wes a fight on thi course, and yltnees asked prisoner why she stood looking on Shs roplied that abo liked to Bee fight« After tbo fleht wee over prosecutor and. the prisoner went walking round the course, [ and be i missed bia watch. Hsacousedher of Bteallng it, «be i flew into a passion, end ho held her to prevent osaspe. Her ?aroams drew tbo attention of ooma cabmen who rescued her and let her go. The walch could not be found, and abo wat remanded for farther evidei ee. Augusta Edwards, aged about twenty-eight, elegantly dressed, and described as a governess, only four months in tbh colony, was charged with stealing a gold watch and chain, valued at £20, the property of Mrs. M. A. Rowland. The prisoner was deeply veiled, and accommodated with a seat during the examination. Police sergeant Sutton deposed to apprehending the prisoner yesterday evening in Parramatta street. He had acted from information received from Mrs. Rowland, who handed him the following letter:- "Miss Edwards - I have been thinking over what we were talking about last night, and now want to tell you this - don't come to me any more about the watch, unless you are prepared to pay me. I will not take less than £15 sterling ; I could sell it for £20; but as you say your sister is in such trouble, I don't mind taking the sum named. Remember to come alone. I will have no witnesses. It does not suit my way of doing business. If you can't pay me, don't come, and I defy you to get it; for if you took me to court you might swear till you sweat, I will swear it is a lie, and get over that if you can. If you wish for it, come at half-past 8 o'clock; but if you have any one with you, you will not see me. I shall send the d---- watch far away if you don't. Come down with the rhino, and I will treat you like a gentleman. Remember, there's the pawn expenses to pay as well. " Yours (you know who) truly." The address on the envelope was "Miss Edwards, care of Miss Mayne, 3, Devonshire-terrace, William street." By concert he followed Mrs Rowland and the prisoner to Mr. Moss's pawnshop, Parramatta-street, at which they stopped. The prisoner went inside, and came out immediately afterwards. Mrs Rowland gave the signal, he went up to them and saw the watch (produced) in the hands of Mrs. Rowland, who charged the prisoner with stealing it. He therefore took her into custody. The following letter was found upon her: "Sunbury House, Cleveland Paddocks, "Sydney, December 15, 1854. "My dear Miss Edwards, - I dare say you will be a little surprised on receiving a letter from me. I heard from them at home as usual this mail. They say they never received my letter that I sent by the ship Blenheim on our way here, so expect your brother did not, as we have not had any letter for you; but hope you have heard from them ere this. I called upon Miss Ward the other day to inquire after you,and she told me you had gone t0 Burwood. They said you was very comfortable which I was most glad to hear. I think of leaving Sydney for some other colony very shortly. I must also tell you that Mrs. Way was confined with a beautiful fine boy, and both are doing as well as can be expected. I cannot under- stand the reason of our letters missing, as I hear of others getting theirs. With kind love, I remain, yours truly, JANE FINCH." The first letter appears to be written in a disguised hand, the second in the ordinary handwriting of a lady. Senior Sergeant Taylor corroborated the above. Mary Ann Rowland (wife of Mr. Rowland, surveyor) deposed: I know the prisoner, who was a casual visitor. Last saw the watch on Wednesday evening. It was in a drawer in my bedroom. On that day the prisoner was on a visit, and slept with me that night. Before going to bed, I looked in the drawer to see the time, and found the watch miss- ing. The prisoner was then in bed. I said "Where is my watch?" and began to look for it. Prisoner said " Never mind it tonight, you've mislaid it somewhere, and will find it in the morning." I said, "If it has been stolen, I must inform the police." She helped me to look for it. We could not find it. During the night she jumped up, and said there was a ghost or a man in the room. The next morning, prisoner accompanied my sister to the police station to give information to the police. Yesterday (Friday) she called at our house, and said she had been to all the pawnshops in the city, inquiring about the watch and chain, and said they were in a pawnshop in Parramatta-street. In consequence of that, and receiving a letter, I communicated with the police and arrangements were made. I and the prisoner went last night, followed secretly by the police, to the pawn office. She went in- side, and I remained outside. When she came out she handed me the watch; it is my husband's property, and worth £20; the watch shown to me is the same. The letter marked A. now shown to me, was brought to me yesterday by the prisoner. She said she had received it from a person not named; that she was to go for the watch; that I was to give her £10 and, as she owed me £e, she would put that £5 to it herself and get the watch out. I replied, if she would get the watch I would give her the money. When she gave me the watch I made a signal to the police, and charged her with stealing it. By the Bench: Have you any questions to ask this lady? The prisoner (rising, and tossing up her veil): Mrs Rowland, how come you think that I stole your watch? Witness : My suspicions were aroused when you said you had been round all the pawn offices. I had a better opinion of you before then. Prisoner: Indeed! Well, if that is your only reason, it is a most foolish one. (Turning to the Bench) I admit having the watch, but deny stealing it, and could easily have explained that in the watch-house. The Bench: Then, why didn't you? The prisoner: I was not permitted. I could not consult with a private friend. The police prevented me from communicating with any one. I have friends - many friends. The Bench: The police would not prevent you from sending for your friends. Who are your friends? Prisoner: Mr. Evans, of the Customs, has been my guardian since my arrival in Sydney, but I could not think of sending to Parramatta for him at that late hour. W. Moss, pawnbroker, Parramatta street, deposed that he knew the prisoner by seeing her at his office last evening about 8 o'clock. She merely came in, and taking a watch out of her purse or pocket said, "Oh, by the bye, have you taken in a watch like this since Wednesday last, as one has been stolen?" He looked at it as she held it in her hand, and he replied he had not, but advised her to go to the police office. She said "Thank you," and went out. He never saw either the watch or the prisoner, nor the letter marked A. till then. The prisoner, in reply to the Bench, said she had nothing to say further than that she did not steal the watch. If she could be per- mitted privately to talk to a certain poeson whom she declined to name, she could account for the possession of it. The Bench (Mr. Murphy) told her that she could not be permit- ted, unless he were of the legal profession. She was committed to take her trial at the next quarter sessions, bail being allowed, herself in £50, and two sureties of £25 each. Before leaving the court she asked if she could send for a friend, when Inspector Reid promised that everything should be done at once to send for her friends. She thanked the Bench, and left the court amidst much commiseration, and apparently much agitated. POOR Box.-Received from W. D., 10s.; Mr. Jamas Lovolook, 6« : assisted two person». j . .. ROSTEB.-Monday-Public, holiday. TueBrlav-Messrs. Gor- don, Hogg, Lyons, Roper, and Pin hoy. Wednesday-Mcssrl. Caldwoll, Chapman. Cuthbert, Metcalfe, aad'Josonb Thurs- day- Mesara.Blrrell, Smithers, Levy, Sutherland, and Hosking. Friday-M,eesrs. Rattray, Jona«, Wingate, and Willlama. Bator day- Messrs. Chauvel and Bardokla. 