iii.. Wujua* Hcghkj — It ma* htrt been tx*ie.<3 that under the above hetditig in a rece tew of contemporary and in a copy of the btivi go Evening Attri a gentleman named Hughe*, who forthe last two years baa held higblv respectable position ia (bit town as a teacher of the children of tooie of its mott re specltd inhabitants, bus been, ia tbe plainest Engluh, branded a* one of tbe iuoet despicable swindlers that tbe eaitli could produce Tbe particular* which led to (bis we seed not fur cub here, aa they bare been already made tow talk ; jufiioe it to that the principal otic wa tbe unaccountedfo'r-absence of tbe gentleman from Sandhurst for a few day*. Last ni„ht Mr Uughea returned, and appeared thuuder strock at the accusation which bad been made aaaintt him, and, in tbe presence of •ereral gen tfenien, .gave a full account of bit abaenoe.— Btndigo Indtptbditit [We insert tbe above readily aa we quoted tbe paragraph referred to in Monday-'* lacue — Jhjmlly Aavcrtittrj. En. $laryborc*gh and ? Colonel Pirr'e Mission —Colonel Pitt has once noe come among ui to recruit for military settlers for the Northern Island of New Zealand bis object being to largely iacreate tbe number* of those who bare already accepted tbe condition* offered by the Government of that colony v at a certain fate, and a grant of land, which they are to occupy, oceup improve and defend, lie is at present located at Hockin's Hotel, at tbe comer of Elizabeth and Lonsdale street*, and ibe assembly-rooms connected therewith have been arranged u a place of enrolment. Tbe conditions now effened include a alight advance in term*.In tbe fi»t inttaoee, pay it to commence from tbe date of embarkation, and tbe families of married men an to bare free passage* to Auckland, where tbe Government will p/ovide then with abetter ia but* or tent* till tbe ewb are located on their land, and whe alto they will receivetbe came ration* ai are iw-ued to tbe wmtaad children of soldiers in Her Majesty's icrriee. All msrned men will be sent to Auckland with tbeir families, aad aa advance of pay for dace months will be tone to every man who dtsiret it It is alto worthy of notice that, though in the case of tbe recruits who left st before pay was only promised to date from their arrival, yet on that arrival Colonel Pitt was enabled toprocure pay for then irom the date of embarkation. Enrolment it to commence to-day.— Argv*. Psacs.—A clergyman being much pressed by a lady of bit acquaintance to prvach a sermon the erat Sunday after her marriage, complied, and cboae the following paeue in Psalms at hi text:—" Aad there fhaU be abundance of peac —while tbe moon endureth." Tbs Fassca Excrauos to ret CaiiTsx Palacs—The experiment on Monday last, wbea nearly 600 perseot were carried from French ports to tbe Crystal Palace aod back on the mm day, proved eminently sueccsaful. Fur the SouU. liastern eacuraioa the ateamer Victoria left Boulogne at lialf-p«et eight, tbe pataengert resirbed the Crj-»lal PUace at cm pBJ-, thttt perfsmiqe the journey in four and a-half boars- Tbe Calais (Londor, Chatham, and Dover BaHway) excursion started at half-part twelve. Accou&t;* of tbe variout entertainoenu provided at tbe Palace have already besn published, asd it will be sufficient toe to remark that the French tiewion ft£t wat sufficiently important to irwure a Eojtl visit to the Pslsce. Tbe excursionists left Sy&ebam; at rix o cloek, and were ta&ly; landed at their respective ports at hslf-past tea, Tt h propoaed to orcanise a series of tbese trips dur.ng the ensuing acason.— Tie Timet, Oct. U- The followiiif fetterwat test by a man to bis an at college—" My dear son,—I write to aeodyou tome oew socks vbieh your mother hat jutt knit by cutting torn some of mine Tour mother sends you Un pounds without my knowledge, and for fear von would not spend wisely I ban kept back hall, and only aeod yo five. Tour mother aad I a» well, except that yoar sifter has got the measles. I hope you wi do honour to my teachings; if you do not yon are a donkey, asd your mother and royseltare your affectionate parents." 11-raanc,-—The Smdm Aim the* alliterates a bit of new*:—" Manager Max Maretak manifesto materially mollifies many mourning mn&c; loverv, morbidly mitertble wi'jndfing music, must manage maintenance minus marve lous Maooleni, much mm matchleas Medori' tafyre many motives making miscskulatioo misfortune—iu the annoutKemeut that the opera season at tbe Academy it positively to open as Monday, the 5th of October." Taa Ewomsu tinrcr Aorrssus* Paorxc viva Posicv.—We have bees much amused here by tbe way in which Mr John Stuart Mill's doctrines have been quoted ia with the struggle between tbe freetrader* and protectionitu of Victoria. My personal know ledge of Mr Mill enable* me to Me that the protectionists are applying a meaning to certain •actions of bis principles of political economy, which Mr k:Uk would be tbe firstto repudiate Australia needs no protective duties. We require her prodoae in exahange for oar tmanfsf turaa, but to scad English gol.l instesd of Eng lish goods to Australia would be like feuding coals to Newcastle. Exiierience teaches as that if Australia refuses i to admit Mti exoept under duties of a prohibitive mtare, tbe sale of tboae articles will decline, aod in propo tion to the extent of that deciioe, th« exports o the adeuies will themselves decrease. Pro'^ction, at a rule, is raerelvrobbing Peter for tbe porpoae of pa>-ing Paul Coleridge, the poet and pkiloaoriber, once arrived at a i iuu, called oat, u W«ttr, do vou dine here collectively or individually t" " Sir," rtfdied tbe knigbt of the napkin, 4 we f A MstvEixotSLT Lccar Hit.—Sinoe tbe hit that sold millions of Weather Almanacks, and made Murpbys fort one, there hat been no such remarkable prophecy a* that to srbieh M Pxnek refers with juttifiable pride in his new number. In his"Chronology far IKS," published in his Pocket Bode at the end of last year, he predicted for tbe 6lh or October thst there would be earthquakes on thit day. And Tuesday, tbe 6th of October, wat, tare enough tbe day of the earthquake! A rather cariout incident is said by QaUfuo to have occurred at Potsdam at the time of the visit lately made to that place by the menben or the Statistical Cougrest. Among the person Who were walking in the gardent of tbe Pala of Sant-souci was a Prustitn ofBcer, who en' tered into conversation with an English servant Tbe Utter, after a time, could not avoid express ing his Mtrpriae at finding a Prutcan ofioer •peak English aa well. Tbe officer rcpUed that there was nothing astonishing in the Act, at his •rife and hia mother-in-law were both Eaglivb. " Might I venture to inquire the name of your mother-in-law r asid the English aervaot, Queen Victoria.' replied tbe officer, who wat Jto other than tbe Priuoe Boyal. Akothxb Hew Ghost !—A French gentle -man, who had beard rum called spirits, went into ooe of our hotels a few evenings since, and called for a glass of punch, requesting at the «ae time that it should be made with ghosts fremthe West Indies! Tjkdxa Da Dow*.—" My mother," said ' 1 fop to Talleyrand " wat renowned fo her beauty; she was certainly tbe handsomest woman I have era- seen."—"Ab! said Talleyrand, "looking him through," and "taking hit measure" " at " once, "it •* was your father, then trbo wat not good-looking A literary 3iief btt tarried from tbe " Am brotian Library," at Milan, the whole of tbe aatograph corretpondence of tbe Medici with the Uukes ot Milan, from 1490 to 1510. This treasure wat stolen from the study of Dr. Gatii, the ecaemtor.— Statfw&avy; ckromele. 