GAWLER READING -& DEBATING CLASS ENTERTAINMENT. ' The pnblie event of the most importance that has occurred in Gawler during the past month was the entertainment given in aid of the Oddfellows' Hall building fund by the Reading and Debating Class, and the Musical Society, assisted by the band of the' 1st Gawler Rifles. This resulted in a great success, and in consequence of the introduction of a novelty in Gawler — an amateur performance by members of the Debating Class deserves a more extended notice than has hitherto appeared in the dailies. The Hall was crowded in every part, and though the tick tickets were issued at a very low figure, viz., 2s.6d~ for front and Is 6d, for hack, seats, the handsome sum of L 14 Is. $d, was realised for the building fund. Mr. C. Edson, Grandmaster of the Loyal Gaw ler Lodge, took the chair, and ins neat speech set forth the objects of the entertainment, and urged tlie claims of the Oddfellows on the pub lic, not only on account of' th& general benefit which such lodges conferred upon the commun ity by lessening the amount of destitution and privation during sickness, and distress amongst the community, but in the instance of the Gaw ler Lodge by1 the erection of the Hall in which they were assembled, which Hall, though not in itself a' profitable investment to the Lodge, had been of immense advantage to the community of Gawler, by providing them with a place of meet ing, which at a slight expense enabled them to avail themselves of almost all the talent which came to the colony, and in respect of amusement ant) $*ie4-*Yir%tirhYi Tila/tful -tfiAm ritfi nonrf^'aYi anna: footing to the metropolis itself. ! XI was to en able the Oddfellows to still' more extend this 'ac- commodation to the public, (as well as to make it a more profitable one to themselves,) that the projected improvements had been undertaken, and about L 250rhadT)een already subscribed by individual members of the Lodge, before asking the public for one penny ; but that the commit tee had determined to request the public to aid in an object which was essentially for the pub lic benefit, and: he was glad to see so large an assemblage that evening in aid of their scheme. The entertainment was divided into three parts. The: first was introduced by a voluntary on the harmonium, well played by the conductor of the Musical Society, and was followed by tie glee * Rosalie,' well given by the society, 'Mr. Saint taking ihe solo portions. In order to eco-1 nomise space as much as possible in the Hall, those who took part in the entertainment had seats provided for them on the stage itself,which was handsomely decorated with flags. The Union Jack formed the drop curtain, the Tri colors* the sides 'of ihe proscernim, and the Loyal Gawler Lodge flag of blue and gold, showing boldly above and in the front of alL Mr. Bright sen. led off the eritertainsient by reading 'The Ministry at the Levee,' a good satire of the Flunkeyesim of the Colony; Mr. Roberts then recited in a Spirited manner 'Claude Melnottes Apology' from the Lady of Lyons ; MrJ W. Loutit followed with the * Ad dress to the Egyptian Mummy,* rather a dry subject, which was responded to in an appropri ate manner by the -Mummy's Beply'— read by Mr. Williams of the National Bank— both were made the most of by their respective re citers, but we humbly venture to hope, and we do this with no ill feeling, that the Mummies will in future be left at rest in the tomb of the Phaxoahs...we liked our old friend * King John and the Abbot ' on a former oceasion'much bet ter: Mr. Fowler, as in duty bound,1 exhibited a bird he had caught' in hid net, and the 'Jackdaw of Rhiems' madeiisbotf td a Gawler audience, who were well' pleased with the' mischief and antics of this little bird: a reading from 'Sain Slick* by Mr. Scown, followed, which went off very fairly i and Dr.Nott concluded the read ugf with the ' Burial M#rch of Dundee *— a fine lay by Professor Aytoun, but like the Mummiea of rather too sombre a character for a general audience; A glee by the Musical Society con cluded the first part of the entertainment.-' ~ * * ' The second part commenced with the ( Cana- lian iioat Song, sung by tne Musical Society: and Cowper's "Address to my Mother's Portrait" was recited by Mr. T. O. Jones— rather a slow affair, which was the fault of the piece, not of the reciter; then a lively lecture of Mrs; Caudle's by Mr. Bright ; Thackeray's ' White Squall' well read by Mr. Williams. The dia logue between Orlando and Adam from 'As yori tike it ' by Messrs. Macbean and Gordon, which was very- well given, especially by the latter gentleman : Mr. Scown followed with the 'Raven' by Poe, and we hope this respectable bird, (the Raven we mean, not Mr. Seown,} will make' his appearance '£□ public never more. 'M^, W» Livesey's 'Fruiterer's Ghost? was received ^ the whole better xhan any reci tation of the evening, and called forth an encore which,' however, in consequence of the length of the programme, could not- be complied with. The glee of 'Gentle Annie,' which 'concluded this part of the entertainment, was so beautifully sung, that the audience would insist upon hav ing it a second time. ? -..-- The third portion of the entertainment con-* sisted of ' Bombastes Turibso,' (localised,) per formed by amateurs belonging to the class. This roaring extravaganza has- been always a' great favorite with1 Amateurs, in consequence of the broad farce bf its action, which can hardly be caricatured too much j and on tills occasion the local hits introduced were received with roars of laughter. Considering the want of scenery, and the inexperience' of the actors, the affair went off uncommonly welL The half-tipsy King — the Bombastic General— the solemn Fusbos and the gehtle but flirting Distafflda, were all equals ly well received. We give a few of the Hits for the benefit of those who were unfortunately ab sent. In the opening 'scene, the King thus de scribed' the origin of his being & 'little queer,' to' Fusbos, his minister :— ' ' ' Last night, when undisturbed by State affair?, Moistening our clay, and puffing off ourcare^ BIyth had gone home, and so likewise had Jovial old HarVand rowdy Isher Stow [Ayers, Alone ignored the proper time to go. We passed the rosy, tho' the clock struck one. And Stow at Strangways would keep pokingfun This morn our splitting head we tried to alter With * Battle Axe and Monro's soda water J Bombastes comes in with his army and addresses the King : ? t ?. . . Thrashed are your foes, no Goyder now remains To scatter consternation o'er the Plains. - The Squatter's foe is queHed. Upon which Fusbos exclaims: Now shall each Squatter Iiave his run for And fatten on the produce as he ought [naught A...g...s andD..^x..oimay unstop their noses, Gawler and Hindmarsh henceforth shall smtll likeroses| . -.—»_?--?-',, 108 In the third scene Bombastes goes mad, and .taking off his boot?, hangs them up with the following address :' ' ' : ' ' ; ? ' These boots by Coward made— 119 toward e'er shall wear, ? ' - Til hang them up in mockery on that- peg * ? sticking there, ' ' ' -? ? And if when I 'have cut my stick, some Hack should -find my bones, ~ ' ? ' , Hell gammon they are .Leichardt's, and that the boots were made 'by Jones. In the combat, Bombastes rushes out upon the King, and exclaims : Ah ! your'e a Squatter Tile, I see it in your face! ; \ King. ..And you a hungry seeker after place. ^Bombastes. ..Is your name Hawker? King... ' ' ' ' Yes, if your's is Stow. 2J0flid...Then down with Strangways to the . Shades below. ' * ' ' ' ? King...It may be so, but quickly Til be back.* 2?o»i&...Then, pry'thee, bring authentic news of Hack? ' * ! ? ' ' ' ' , £ift?...Hack ! Hack ! you say? Why, you bis visage bear — ' His eyes, his nose, his cheeks, his chin, his I hair! ? ; See here— a photograph by Coward taken, I knew in this I could not be mistaken, Bomb...Am I then Hacked ? Such Hacking Til not bear, r ? -- ? ' ? ' '° So you shall quickly have it. Kzug... 'Where? pomb... There. Kiag...l have it sure enough.. Jt certainly shall i die, S* take me to the Self-supporting Hospital close by. ..' '.,-?? I should like' the' last sad duties to be per formed by Finch, He's taken my measure long ago, I know, ' to the very inch.'* : ' ' When Bombastes falls under the sword of Pus f)O8, he asks the dead King for a pinch of snuff, and on returning the box, says: ~ v Thanks, Sire, I feel my pangs abated As if by Mrs. Sennie I had beerirennie-yated. To which the King replies : You should go to Doctor Livesey's, take a globule of belladonna In a bucket full of water.. J twill cure you, on my honor.' ' ~ Altogether the farce was a complete success, and kept the audience laughing from beginning to end. At its conclusion, the Musical Scciety sung God Save the Queen, and votes of thanks to the Debating and Musical Classes, and three cheers for the band, closed a Very pleasant even ing. We may add in conclusion, that we have been requested by those of the class who took part in the farce, to publicly tender their thanks to the 'gentleman who so kindly and ably took £he part of Distaffina. ....-.? 