1ht Portland Quardi;m AND S OI1oA DBY GENERAL ADVFtTISER. b Pa?itcd crery .Monday. and 77Tursday. e To I'ro:ct our Rigots--Not to Infringe upon those of Others. THURSDAY. MAICII *. 1241*. r AL.A B I N.G.. Drarsc the past. week thei oiti?ns-of, the metropolis were not a littte- alarmnned by the annouucement that a saspiciosa. vessel was hovering abonr Cape Otway,. and: all man ner of rumours were- pat in, ciaeJlation, Some. to tiie effect that the rrdbubtable Paul Jones or rather his ghost hadsudden ly appeared having taken the command of F the 7yin?e- Dwutchman,-a more reasonable hypothesis was that the- Alalama, and Captia Searetnes were on their way to Mel bourne just for change o?rair-and to make e themselves practicalfr acquainted .with the fact whether Mie?bourne was as rich in nug gets as reported.. The first news of the 'stranger was from the Manager of Cape Otway Station, on Thursday 17tb, in the forenoon, to the effect- that a strange ship was in sight bearing S.E. She stood in to 'wards the land evidently for the purpose of taking. bearings and. when within 10 miles of the coast she went about and' stood: to the southward, soon after, was altering her course to the unorttiwest and at 4 p.m.,.was still in sight.. The effect of the news-on the flrst- intimation is faintly sketched above.-"To day, Friday Sth says the Ge.lon? -Adcertiser the excitement attain. ed fever beat, in conseqtce~s of the pub lication of the following telegram: CAPE OTWAT, CNot. The steamship' rrpsrted yeuterday is now in sight m iles S.W., ateer.ag west. She is-ship. rr,--ed, wit' fuurel abaft maInmut ; hull painted white., nld white qu.rter or wLite hose aft. Iron ress-1. may. be the Armenian. which sailed fromrn daey on the I:h instant far Calcutta. Hlate te pg.hed to Sydney f.r description of the Armenian. No such es.-iptios havitg come to hard; we presutm that there is no likelihood of its being that vessel, or the Aus:ralian, which left Sydney on lWedr.?-day. last, n?nd fr- Cal. oatta, a new either. vessel would have shown c lors in aestr to the urgent eatreaties of the manager of the Cape Otway station. 'I he Capsain of. the Itaugatira, from Adelaide (tis- day), reported he had spoken. to th Vio.oria, and gave it as his impressier that the vessel reported on the previous day was no other thaw th- osloa.al stam s'oop of war. The intelhlence reported above had not then come to hand, whclh lent strength to tLe explanat o%; but situe then it bas tanspired, that the manager of the Cape Otway station was on board the Vic. toria at A polo lia on the afternoon of Thursday, and retprted to Captain Normrsn 'hbt hl had seem, 5A that it was- unlikely he could Iav~ been mois tak-e,. Conjecture has been rife as to the probe. biiity of its being the Alabama, or- one of the C.r,?fe&erate; crui era. Few appear asequainted withltbetrigor o-ttof any of those vessels, and I the only a ,tisf.ction derivable amidas the conflict I of opilliren, is t1.e gereral agreement that the I vrtsel is not an ,aneat one. In the oevrse of the Jay it transpired that the Coafsd.rates have an agent in Mebitrnne, who is anxiojs to commoni cate wi:h her. This- m"7 psaeahly explaina he morveteats of. the ressel.' " The paragral: which we quote in ano ther column from the Argsy of Monday, ,shows there is no further grounds for alarm. The A9g of Monday,, says:-" The sensae tion excited during the last two or three days, by the possibility that the mysterious steamer seen off Cape Otway imght prove to be the redoubted" Alabama, has died away. It. is now generally believed that the steamer, seen was the Armenian,.from Sydney, slowly steaming on her voyage to Calcutta." It. is probable that the hat named opinion is correct as one of our townsmen, Mr. A!litt.. saw a vessel an swering the description- given steaming past Cape Grant on Tuesday last, to all appearance on the corsem taken by yes sela from Melbourne to Adelaide.. The ciro cumstance of the sensation caused` by the appearance of this suspiciousvessel on the I people of Melbourne should give our Legis latiers some idea of the feelings of those -uter we-tern ports over whose fears the Hon:. & Michis made so merry, a abhort a time ago in the Legislative Assembly. The "three and six-penny ports" have feelings like other people, amud we hope that in spite of Michie and of even the Treasurer Verdon, the House will recog nise the propriety of re organising the Portland, Belfast and Warrnambool aolan tiers and take our defenceless state into account in any general scheme of Colouial Defences. 