^ÀDDBÏBS Ot ttt» BISHOP Of BÏDNKY. A very tarte tatartng waseiitmbled yesterday evening li Si,Juna*/a School.room, Cisilereagt>Mreeî, to bearii addteaa to tba members of tbe Chaton ol England, by the Bight Bev. tbe Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. Tbe andienet included membera of families belonging io the Charon of England from all paita ot the oily md suburbs-besides nlergymen and others from the eanntiy. Hil Excellency Sir John Young look the ohalr, ind was aeoompinifd by Lïdy Yoong and Lord John Taylonr. TheBey. Ci on Allwîoi effmd p aye*. TbeBlsnop or SYDNEY Iben addressed the meeting In cider io ensure oeaaraoy be bad written the nddroaa faa was to delirnr to them, Ho bad no complaint to mike of those gentlemen of tho Fresa wbo a'w.ya re- ported exaotly what was said, though not a(ooys to the satisfaction of the spotters, tr'ien they read what.they tbemaelVes hid said, But bo would this ironing reli-vj them of a part of their labonr bj iorwariinir bis address |0 them. Bla XoscBEir thoo epato as follóse :- I ara reminder of a olroamatanoe which toole plaoe a few y airs ago ot toe occasion of one cf rn; journeys into tbe interior, at i lima when a general eleotion wai about to ba hold Aman in the servioc of ono of the candidate» asked m; fellow-traveller if tho Bishop waa goiog np the country to address bis conatitaents 1, Tba. qisstian would perhaps be more appropriate if "ashed thia evening, and though the period daring which I baye to give an aooonnt of my proceedings' is not quite so long at a Parliamentary-session, and tbe interest I'seék t) promote ara of a aomewbst dide eat obaraater from those whtoh ordinarily oooupy tho .attention of Par» lisment, yet I am no donbt pissing* myielfi before tboae who hale it in their power greatly to assist thc cansa I sd roes te, and whose" syrbpaihies ind support I am therefore anxious; te ^ssobie. 1 ? h«,e reqently romroed from',"» .' visitation ? of ' tbs greater part of my:' diócesi, and, I pro. pore to gira snob information'upon tba ^osndition and requirements . of the CburoV in the díatriotá l have visited, tB mty interest k'yba; in behalf of .the werk . whioh ii doing, and' of ftbe work (o be done. Xbe information will, 1 doubt not, bo interesting to some who bear me, and-to otters w.bo m»y read ,my words; and if I oin only succeed fn conveying to yon Ibo impressions I have myself reodvîd we' atíall,- I:t'raat, be enoooraged by the psst to make those vigoróos and earnest efforts which are neoëissry, if we intend to over-' take the ever growing sp ritual necessities of the alocase". We are at an Important period bf our Cn uro Vd organisa- tion in tbla colony, and additional information'and m inoreaae of oar ziel ara needed to stimalate'sod encoarage tho members of the Cburob of Kogland to esrry ont tba work wbioh devolves npon them. There is in Svdnev some (ignorance oí IOB cmrooier - DI mu wum vt the Charon io lbe: . Júterfcr.Bspresenta tlona ire occasionally rx nie, " the cffiot ot whloh is likely to -be that in some qatttera oat effjrts will be hindered. Tas best way, as it appears tomo, of removing these misapprehensions is ? by ? statement of .facts, a narrative of that which is being done, end . eompariion of the present «llb tbs psst, by poe who has bad'toe opportnoily of making.the neoeseary observation?, and whose great aim ia to -' promote tbe , oaose of religion -'in adnneotlon with oar beloved Cbarob. I have a. ainoero -desire- for - the .' true" highes* wellbeing of. this .oniony. I know, from tbe aouree of all wlsdo'm, what lathe true souroo of a nation's greatness, that righteousness exalts ' it,' that sin ia ita reproach, «nd nnrepented of" will bs its mia ; and my chjeot ia to aid in laying' deep' and broa* tbe -foundations ci this . oountrj'd prosperity by fixing in the heart's - of tba. people that fear of tbe Lord, which leads men to servo Him and 16 hate every fatso way. My late visitation tonr began the aeaond week in September 'and'en'ded lethe last week of November. With abrief interval ol seres days, it boan pied-nearly tbree montbr, and extended-over 1000 miles, I do not intend to enter, minutely into tbe circumstances of.easb parlab~vi«ited try me ; my obj jot ia to show what has been done by the clergy and their parishioners, especially in connection with the Obiiroh Society.; to state facts'and to-point ont remedies soiled to the ofroam alinees of. tho oonntry¡ and'from thia enivey to draw motives and-ineoaregementB for-the additional rffjrtB required, Bj the help of the Great. Western line ol railway oho BOOB ? rejobea roe icos oí ina mat Mountain« 'Before '? ascending them I 'will contrast tba eoolealaatfoal oondition ot tba district of 'Emu- Plains and Catilareigh aa seen by me nine years ago with its present Btite, Tho Inoambent of Penrith waa ci'tbe former period charged with the duties of Ema Pl lins and Castlereagh, these dietrtots having' Ioat their clergyman and tho Government stipend'by the death of o formet* incumbent, who was also a Government obsplaio. The ehnrob at CiBtler.ágh waa dilapidated ind forsaken j its high elevation wbioh hid sorved aaa placo of .refuge for tbatpartsblonera in a time of floo-*, serving them with aa¡ex*nse for not going to it at other times. Tbe church at Ema Plains was a small atone sobool-hoase. There had once been a resfdsnos for tbs olergymto, but it also hid first boen forsaken and then fallen down. Thoa in one district there waa a for forsaken eboreb and- a parsonage in ruins, in tbe bthsr e schoolroom of r-njilJ ioadequate slzj. Saab was tbe melancbcly state of things when drat I oroaisd ' the Nepean «n->ibe month ot September, 1655, I have fre- quently, crossed it sinoe, bat never with more gratified feelings tba'n in deptember nf the present year. Time and tbe blessings of God upon tbe tffjita of the aollve zealous clergyman had, indeed, wrought great' obanger. The dilapidated -ohnrch at Caslleriajb was restored, snd tba congregation brought bask ; he : sobool houe at Emu enlarged into a commodious ohurob, md a pir. aonage boase placed by, ita..side.; the burial-ground fenoeo in and oontearated ; miteii.la for ' a new; . sohool-^iouae. were on . the. groaod. So that the nhurch might be iept . tot-, .its proper nae; tbeservloea regularly performed on.Eno days, and outlying porllona of the district. supplied. on the week dava. All (bia afforded- mose, for ahnndanf. thanksgiving 4o Almighty dod, .while the Jooailty nas pequlisr intered (or tbe (rienda of tbe'Guuroh Society, a being the first where the society did prsoticsl y eon menoo ita career of usefulness,, H ls owing: to tbebeli and encouragement given to the people of tbe dlatrlot b donations to diff irent orjeatp,- and especially by the .pay .ment of one- third of the clergyman's stipend, (bat tbii «bsnge bas boen effected, Ascendiog Ibo Blue Moontah range by that road onoe BO solitary and devoid of th« interest oslled. forth by tbe preaenoe of.arnon, .om ia .rejoiced to see bow sorely and-. skilfully thi difficulties of railway communication are being overeóme The lofty and graceful viaduct spans tho deep valley« the preoipitous sidea of the mountain ara Boientl/ioilly coaled, tbeir hlghor poakBoohnécted by embankments 01 pistced by doop onttinse and tuonela. The varied and diatanU-lowa of mognifloent scenery whioh are opened oplia (to Una winda (brough tho intricacies of. the mountains, will msko tbe Bathurst line of rail way one of the moat-, picturesque in tho w.rld, - At present muob interest moat be fo't in tba bundroda of msn,màny with fsnrllfoB, employed on the varions works along Ibo lin'.. Very little appears to have been done for .their, spiritual good, but.sjcoo my return I have arranged that a clergy, man ' shall .occasionally visit the whole ol the lino ar -tn as Blaokbeatb. The work's appeared lo be carded onl with diligence and activity. The men formed a floe Intelligent looking body, and gladly received-tho bocks and troats lor thamBelvea and their children wbiab -were offered to them. At Hartley the church alia to lui consecrated and a nnnflrmnllnn norold. ta ba icld. .Hera also a ebange Had been eueoieo. u my Brat visit, nine joara before, I «as moet by tho Be Ur. IAB'A, who ooccsionally carno down from Kelso ac give & servios in tbe oonrt.bonae. Ibero waa nelthe resident minister, nor ohnrch nor sottool in ojnneotio with the Cootah of England, -.These all non exis ThBobureb-a Gothic stone building-bas just bee «ompIêtcaV. ? Â stained glass window in tb chancel and a marbia tablet aotsmemorata th laboqrH «nd death of the Kev. Mr. Troughton, tba fin incumbent sndpriuoipal promoter of tbo erection of tb oharoli. -Onice io the statu of the roads and the inole mency of the weather., several of tbe oaadldates from tb neighbourhood of fíoant Lambie, fifteen miles off, wor Unable to be present at tho continuation, and fur tho! Baltes a eooond service was lie 1 d ou my return. Harlie; is asmaebindebtod «oEmu Plaina to tbo Oburcb Society From tbs time »bon a resident clergyman waa appolntei the society bas oontrilinted £100 per annam tonard tbs stipend, and gave £130, interest on a loan, towardi the creation of the shurab, In faot lt owoa iti existence aa a eeparoto piriah to tho Oburcb Socisty Mblie" the ólorgyman's visits aro now extended to a ver] Urge diatriot which waa bocotoforo destitute of theei advantages. Ia BetburBt Ibero is mach done, end to bi done, Tho ohnrob has boen enlarged at « aonsidet kt coal, sod will coon bo freo from debt. It is o very good and commodious olructurc, and fa well attended. Tbc looanabent wilt shortly ba aided In bia laborious duties hf ah assistant minister, wlioea stipend, to bs paid tbtonib tba Chttroh Sooioty, will bo provided by tho people, Tbo gaol, tho hospital, and tho Sjndiy.Bohool *(e all visited on Sunday, and aorvlosB held In tbe former, as well os in tbo ohnrob, mom. mg and evening. It was aasnrodly time (bat the butd-n ol thcBo duties!should bo lightened, and aleo that some' aerviaea should bo bell In tba dis. .riols.af Evana' Plains and tho Vale Riad, in the Woinlty °' Bathurst. Baring my slay a» Bathurst, tho broaoh ot the Ohnrob Soolotj WSB reorgon'sod, n meeting wt s held for (he purposo of obtaining sn endo it meat, and a plan proposed to raise £3QD0 for thia obj?ot, The anoiiot Mt? aaetliog of th« Bibi» loeiety «ti kia held. OB» dey wai »peat tl O'Connell Plaint «llb'Ait Ra«. Ur. Lille, and service'and a pnblia meeting belt*. Another day: near Bookley, knd a eervioo beld it tbe Lagoon. It il proposed to I rm a new diitriot in these localities. The Bav. Mr. Lisle bsa oharas of O'Connell, and the Ber. Mr. Coombes bas visited the npper patt o' the Fish Uiver, bat a very extensive comer of tbá díoooBQ watered by Ibo Abercrombie and tho bisher parla ot tbe Fish and Maeqiarlo rivers, is within any p al,)tal oversight for tbe members of tho Conn h of England. It la a part of the country un- happily notorious for the cattle-stealing and bushrang. ing propensities cf some of the residents, It bas bean carefully visited by Mr. Synge, and from O'Connell and from the more resp'ctable part of the population, pro. mises of subscriptions towards the Btlpend of a clergy, man have been obtained to the amoont (on paper), of £200 perannnm. If tbe Church Society ii oblo 'ogive £100 per annum, abd suitable Arrangements can be J made for eolleotiog 'the promised subaorlptioniv the district may be placed - on the same foot. log ta Ema and Hartley, nod I trott with equal - bencfl*. Toe . bhnrah it O'Connell bat already been partially endowed by the liberality ol the Ber. T. Hassall, and a fa Iber «ffjrt ie being made' by a local committee ander-the' manage meat of Mr. Kolan, and other ie lidenta et O Omnèl], A portion oMhe Abercrombie dietriot ia also vlslled by'tbe' Ber. O. M. Fox, wbo holde gra'uitoosly teri ilea' at Rook'oy and also at George's Bivsr. The »bolo dlatriot, however, greatly needs a resident olergyman. And where lbs need ia «Voitest, the desire is least. Tn« molt dan gérons symptoms of a moral dlsesso are tbe disbelief io its existence, and tbe oonsequent refusals to do any. j thing towards ita'temoval. ? Cia it be expected that in a. population where the oblldren have grown op without ' .religious edaoalion or.knbaltdge, without'any reoogni. tlon ot tb, restraints of la», in whose" eyes eattle stealing is rot a crime,1 bat an oconra'irn ia'wh!oh Îkill aod s access 007er all offjneos, mudb anxiety will be sit that a olergymin* should- reside1- amongst them; br that his set voes should'bô remunerated by "their pay. ' mente ? In^ auoh localities religious ordinances, must be provided by others.1-- l'aehoïp mast ooma fromwit bo 3', .and why tbs Government ah'oald .pay poiioemen; gaolers, ; and; judges, ^ and not olergyman aa well is eahoolma't^rs, it. would Jja vhard., onl.eny soabd prinolplo of social eoonomy t) say. t Hs may call himself a pbllanrroplat, bat be is nor, a. philosopher who .hopes to make . people moral by aor other agency than tbst of relfolom and be. ia equally unwise wbo soppoies that a people in snob .circumstances as I have described Will reform themselves. 'External aid is absolu:*'y. necessary, and will I trnat in this oise bi obtained. On tbe seoand Sonday of my stay at Bathurst, I preaohed io tbs' afternoon at) tbo new oburcb. of-P el. Three memorial wiodcwi far membera 'of.tba founder*, Mr. Sattot*« ftmily, have been reoently pat np, and when tho ohnrob it» completed, it will be one of the many good and apprcpriato bandings for which wa are mainly indebted to the munificence of private indi» vidaa's On my retnrn to preach at Bathurst in the 'aval i jg, I mst with an aoólden», whiob might have boen attended with Berlin i consequence?, being thrown ont of. 'tho onrlage'with ' ojnsidtrable foroa, I desire to ack- nowledge the goodness of Almighty Ged 1 in my preser- vation, and in my ability to. temma my journey on the day bat one -after the riocident [ occurred. Oar visit to Oarooir waa . somewhat ' Biddene'd by tbe dangerous and painfnl i Iness'of the Bav. J, Â, Barbe.- A confirmation was held, and the journey towards Forbes .resumed by way of Canowindra and Goimbla.. Io this nart of our ionrnev wa heard ranch of tho nmlnlta al rh a bushrangers,, and wera iamatea olthrea hornea which bad been" attacked- by them. The ev.l.is, io many ipatanoes, clearly traceable to tbe babita and tastes cbc - -tra¡ted at tba gold-flelds. Tbe interruption ol quiet in- dustrióos labour, tbe excitement' attendant apon ibo possibility of becoming BÚdde'oly rich, tbe power of ob tlining money easily, and'yet by modes .cot strJot'y honest, led from one kind of theft to another, from eteil. lng stock lo plundering ' travellers.. Wban. it ia con- sidered that on tbe diggings, at F ries, there were at one time said to be 36.000 toals, that seven theatres, nod a proportionate nnrabtr bf pab)i>boU8es; end every form of temptation assailed the m'orall'y of-tbs plaoe, it is not 'surprising tb it I ahould express my.oplolonat a|publio meeting, that Forbes was happier in ita'decay than in ita fall blown prosperity, and that the 120J people who remain are to ba congratulated that with tbe removal cf so Urge a portion of the population, so much of \ije should also have departed. ' A violent storm of wind bad passed over the town,. ; levelllcg.' .many eanvtai bontés with the , sronnd, diamah'llng tba Great Eastern Hotoi, and. blowing tba roo' from the theatre. Three places . of, worship had been pror. trated. Tba Ohnroh of England , remained nnabaker. rt la a handsome and large etruotute, built cf pine, and during tbe three servîtes «nd confirmation on Sunday waa well filled. Lo-ier down the Biver Lioblan than Forbes, a short visit waa paid to the station of, Mr. Striok land, at Bundaburra,'an excellent friend to the Church, and where tbe advantages of o resident clergyman ore folly appreciated and . eaempllûcd. On returning, to Forbsp, a meeting waa' held to de visa coins for tbo pay meat of tbe remaining debt upon tbe ohnrch, and tba consideration of ntber matters' connected ^wltb the pariah. Considering tba depressed state of the district much was d-ne, A considerable - sum had'been raised, and «Ith the receipt of £100 /rom tbe Uüuron BOM. ty It «as hoped that tte debt would be extinguished. The Obnroh Society wes indeed a benefactor (o tbe district before the town of Forbes bad any exlstenoo. Wben tbe taoblan digging) were" first discovered, the pastoral dis. trist waa under tbe obarge of Be v. Mr. Brownrigg, who .bad been sent there in connection with the Ohnrob Society, and waa on tbe spot, and prepirid to do all io bis power to meei the emergency which hid eo sad. denly arisen. Be bsd great energy, but tbe powers of the most aotive could avail little in a 'pastoral district 'already sufficiently large into which a population of thousands and tens of: thousands , was suddenly poured. Bat now that the population is re- duced within limits wbiob make'lt possible lo reaah to minister to it, the effects bf Mr.- Brownrigg's Ubours ore seen in tba aubataniial cburob, the commodious par- sonage, In the (merest in.the Churoh'a work whlob waa awakened, and is atilt sustained there, and in tba: repa«' .tatton wbloh ha and his immediate successor, Mr. Innes, haVo left behind them. Their work fa carried on.by the present incumbent ateidiiy and euoocsBfully,'. and hie. efforts are well seconded hy tho . lay members of the church. A few suggestions wbloh I' malo were kludly rebelvet*, and in ona Instanos at lesat.promptly. soled; noon. The parsonage ls ..some, miles from Forbes, having beoa built before the town was i formed, ind as tbe vestry of the ohnrob is sufficiently largo' for tbe pur-? pose, £ proposed that .it - should bs fitted np asi a kind-, of ..prophet's obamber, . In-order: tba! the olergyman might bava a -.room-. , in the town In which to Bleep and take his evening meal. Tho idea met with annroTil. inri Ihn nutt m/itnins in . Mr. Barnier was on his" way lo join ont .party, a got 'woman, who bad been at tbe:meeting tbe previous eve! fog, promised bim the ifltst instalment towards the fa nishiag of bis vestry by (be gift of a pillow. Frei Forbes to Orange is seventy, aire miles. The falter pier was reaobed on Friday, the 7ih Ootobrr. . On tbe folloi j log day the burial-ground was consecrated, and on 8ui [ day three aervioes were held, tbe oonQm ition belo in the afternoon.: Tba oburoh bas been enlarged an ' now bolds three hundred people j and a.very extensiv diatrlot surrounding Oringp, ojmprislng the Oar.obla Mountains, the Wentworth Gold.üeldp, Molong, an Shepherd's Creek, and extending oven Jo Stoney Oree and Burrandong, baa been cared for by the Kev. Bobe« Mayn-. He bad for a abort time been assisted by th Ber. Edward Synge, who met HB , ab Forbes and returned with OB to Orange. Mr, Synge, taking on part of Mr. Maynt'a dlstriot, the latter hid been eneblei to visit the more distant portions; and to prepare same o the yoong people for oooflrmaiioo. On the Moadsy fol lowing a mealing was brid, it whloh tbe wants, of tbi -district were taken into consideration, and mueb that, i encoarsging was said and done. Mr. Mayne drew a rea. sonable and grapbta picture, in wbiab hs contrasted fbi past willi, the present condition 'of the district, and attri- buted to the Odóroh Sóolety, under 'God, the ohlaf share In the obange that bad tskea plaoe. "When be arrived, there was npt one .place pf worship in.connection witta the Oharoh' of England, ' There are now five, two ol them being aabstantial atone, and brick buildings, and by j means . ot . valuable: ; lay assistant?, ser vices' . .-aré1 -regalarly'- ' held in' . 'ibem1 ' oil. Tba number of free seleators'is oonBlderable. The gold.' flelia at Wentworth are atttaofjfng additional population, and'the time seems to have eniver! far the appointment of i sooond olergyman. - OreDgo itielf will, I doubt not, fal fl1 its engagement to pay' the stipend of a clergyman who will devote bis time mainly the residents In lbs township and. its Immctfiato noigbboarbood. ' Orange appear} lo ba In a prosperous condili o. I was informed that fifteen thousand quarters of wheat were grown last year, with but little appcsranoB of rust, and if railway oommuoica L tlonl oonld be extended to this district, the advantages woild be felt not only there but in Sydney itself. The maintenance of a second, clergyman is, bowtver, I a Be|iono addition to theoills upon the adjoining distil:!, I and I do not think it possible to accompl a") this wilhou . the external ald'that may ba looked for from the Charon ISoolstr. At a meeting at Orange , it was resolved tba' contributions should be raised for the stipend of om , olergyman, in endowment lund was oommonoed,seventy.' five poonda perinnnm,lor five yëara, being BUbscrlbe' |n tbe room, and lt was also intimated that, for a merrit d j «liwaaat*, . ptiMatfl* woaM fea taMb B«N,Hv«l «. ol Bilkarft, I dfill opon tb« nactseity of aMkir| permanent provliloo for the milnteninoi ol tb* «lug; ?od round greit reidlnua to oommtnea ri fand for .that purpose. Another mt-jeet upon «blob Í addressed them wie tbo formation of in additional bkboprlo for the wilt, a bishoprio of BalbniB*. There la infflolent wealth in tbo dialrlot to sapply tbe neo'ssary lands, ind Ibo marked «ucco3i wbiob bm attended tho erection ot ibo southern biahoprio afford a in encouraging precedent for snob a projgot. While I was engaged in visiting the " far west " of rn; present diocese, my right reverend trot nor tho Bishop of Goulburn was similarly engaged in tho soutb. Portions of my former iiooese wblob bad never been visited by me tave been reached by him. Additional clergymen have been provided, local eiTjtU called forth, and an Interest elicited in tbe work ol tbe Gburob which bad nerer before been felt. An Ii iah Boman Catbollo la the Interior, who bad kindly received and refreabod me on ons of my jmrneye. upon my thanking ber for tba hospitality so freely afforded, replied to the «ffjol that it wis they who were ander tbe obligation, I for sure, if it was not for Ibo likes of j inch as yon coming to iee ns in tba bosh, we'd be lost cc j llrely," Thia wilier et tímate of tbe value of a blebop'a 1 visit, and lt was to my own mind a pleasant reflection I (bit while I waa journeying iq ona portion cf tte j ra'tern lida of-Ibis great Australian continent, four bf my right reverend brethren were similarly oooupied I between Brisbina ind Yietoiia. Great Indeed ia tbe change -wbioh S quarter ol . century bas ailoesse'd. laetead of a Metropolitan of India whose province included Australasia, wa bavornow fourteen tiibopa endeavouring 'o spread the blessings ot Christianity and { education taroaghout this new dividion af tba world, Prom Oranjre we 'proceeded north' and wost ti Molong, where a confirmation wis-held In the alternoon, ind a nobile masting :on behalf of tba Cbaroh Society in the even fog. ¿t tbe tilter, . e.lleotlon ol £j mt. was made,' andr though lo , oonaequenoe ol tbe rain and the rising of tte. creek, I nae nuable to attend, Mr. Synge an I Mr* . Mayne wboBe quarters were, on tba same Bide of Ibe oreek as tbe plioe of meeting, gave tba neo'Biaiy information and elicited a liberal amount of aid. 1 may tere obterve tbai I did not omit many opportunities of advocating the oaaBO ot tbe Ohnrch Society,' and hops that Its fl janees bave to some small extent been issiated by my endoa. vonre. Molong, wbioh ia a thriving agricultural and pas. ' toral district, would . (orm a Very suitable point from whioh a clergyman m'gbt extend bis laboura Wost and North on (he Bog», ind Eist and North on somo ol the smaller gold-fields. TJ make Molong bia piinoipal residence and generally the soece of bis Sunday labours, and to travel itorn tbenoe in the directions X have Indi, oated, would be a great boon lo a wide and thinly popu- lated diatrlot. The day following onr arri; al ¡at Molong, I rode eighteen miles to hold a confirmation in ona of -tba. most bumble of the many placea in wbfo'J I iffijilted-a slab building wilb a torn roof. : Still lt . sufficed for the present requirements of the locall y. It was neatly kept, had, the appearances and commodious arrangement! of a ohnrob; and from considerable' distances, thirteen young people, with tbeir luanda, bad assembled at this cenital point. Shepherd's Creek,, to* be confirmed. I felt amply repaid fut my thirty-six- milos ride, at eeeieg bowmuob tba visit waa appreciated, and bo» snrely the work of their faithful and conscientious pastor waa telling upon tba young people. Tbe next day we parted Iron onr kind friends at Molona-, and caused into ? nor I Inn ol fhn ooQutiy wbioh WM foim:rly tba seana of very aolive goic mining operations.'and wbioh ia' atilt partially worked, At Ironbark«,' divine servios was held in the evening, and on the following morning; tbree yoong persona woo could not"; reaeb -Shepherd's . Creak, were confirmed. After thia r idrvioe we proceeded, still' accompanied by .our two elerinal friondB, and baiting for an bonr in the. middle of tba day by the 'banks of the Ball river, we reeebed the- township of -Wellington-here aa in all otber placea being kindly mel ' by the olergyman and some of the residents, a few miles distant from the place. Wellington is, properly speak, "iog, at the northern extremity of my diooose; bat byan arrangement, which ia mutually advantageous to the ;B,Ubopof Ntwosstle.and myself, I take charge of the dis» triot o' Dubbo, inconveniently distant and inacaeoaiblo fr/om Newcastle.' The good land ind extensive pastoral district ol Wellington will always make it a plaoe ol local importance; and, ia the farmer seat of a mission lo the aborijiaes, ¡ it bad :a peculiar interest for ns. Some of tho fruita of < that mission remain. Tbree 'well dressed members of the afternoon eongrega. lion-esme from tb,e .Apsley Aboriginal Mission, bring, lng their prayer.books, and repeating the reipmaes In a very, beoomlng manner., Tbe services, wera, held ia tbe'moraiog at Montefiores, and in tba afternoon apd evening at .Wallington, in tbe Court-bouse. I am glad to say that the plana for.« new brick oburch aro now in the banda.of Mr, BIsoket, and the necessary Iranda appear to be forthcoming. Ono liberal friend baa offered £250, on oonditlon that tho ohnrob wa J completed within a year. I induoad tbs partía i Interested to select o better site for the ohnrob than tbs one which had been originally fixed upon, by a promise tbat I would plead their oauae with tbeOhurob Society for tba £30 necessary fir tbe parchase of tbe lend, and by a farther promise to ley the first stone (God willing) if there was a reasonable expectation of finishing tbe cburob within the year 1600. Au excellent brick bui'd.ug bas been erected BB a hospital. Tba arrangements j for the natinnfa onnnarmt In ha .rfmlr.hto Ol») r.wo mnnh (o the otra of the polio» magistrate, Mr. Marsh, lt is hardly possible to overrate tba advantage «nd comfort of a well.ooodaotod hospital In the interior. The shepherd or _the.sawyer.oan hare little hqpe of reeovery frota dangerous illness, or accident, if be has no otter, o on venlenoea or attendance ont those waioh bis own bnt supplies. To be provided wilb medical sid, suitable food, and ptnper attention, he mutt resort to tho hospital. In addition to the ono at Wellington, I woald apeolally name tbat of Carcoar, aa enjoying a deservedly high reputation amongst all the settlers and labouring men.; a reputation whian it owes principally ti tba skill abd oare of ita medtoal officer, Dr. Howland. From Walli og ton Mr. Mayne returned to bia own district, having been very, useful in aasisting the Bev. Mr. Csrvin, whose state of health, I . regret to 'say,- rendered snob asiistanoa timely and even, neoessiry. Mr. Synge had on tbe Saturday preceded ns ' lo Dubbo to. bold Sundsy services iu that place. On Monday we followed, and divine service and a meeting for oburob purposes were held in the Cotirt.hbuae in tbs evening. Some years ago a ohnrob and parsonage bad bean ereo:ed, and were for a time in UBo, bat the groat extent ol the diatriot, and tbe impos. eibility of collecting the subscriptions for tbo clergyman's stipend,, bad led to his withdrawal, and as tho clergyman at Wellington bad for some time been too ill to visit Dabbo, tho members ol tbe Charoo, ol England bad been deprived of .tho oervlcea of o clergyman of their own oom .monica, It waa agreed by those present, to guarantee a aertaln annual sam, on condition that tho olorgyman should resido at Dabbo, and that his diglrlot should not : be ot saob extent as practically to deprive tho lealdente at ' Dubbo bf tho greater part of bia BorvioeB. This propoaal wie reasonable, and happily in thia caso also praolioabl-. Sot on the supposition that an additional clergyman le plaoed at Molong and on tba Bogan, the work ol the Dabbo olorgyman will bo limited .to tbe Macquarie Blvcr end one or two of ita tiibutary creeks. Ibo Castlereagh Biver, which was oleo formerly included In (be district attached to Dubbo, is now viaited by an active and zealous clergyman, tho Rev. M/. Wilson, from the dioaoae of Nowoanllr. Tho gneosas ol thia . plan mast, however, dopend upon Ibo old to ba obtained from tbo Ohnrob Society. Unless a hundred a year be contributed from that sourc, a rosidnnt olergyman eau . not bo maintained. My (zperienos leada ma to tba con. LolaBlon that it is not possible to ob aln moro than £200 par annum from a district Boah as Dubbo, without making tba olergymsn'd sphere of labour maob too large; and thereby defeating tba principal design ol hiving I a reaident minister. The p c jonege and ohnrob at Dubbo are IQ lie . pat. Inlo ? repair,- and eomo addi iona , made to tao former at an oslimaied oaat of Ü83, ond boro again I led them to hopo that tba aid of the aoolety might p rhsps be given. Considerable expense had formerly been incurred by tho inhabitants (especially by Mr. Cornish, at that time rosldent in Ibo neighbourhood), when the dislriot waa in a prosperous condition, and now that they wera ugsin makiog an effort to restore the public worship of God, it aeemnd to me only right and proper that wo should endoavour to aid thorn. Having visiled'the eobool, and Axed npon a sita ' for 'a fuinro sod more permanent ohnrob, llbor.lly offsrod 1 by Dr. Tibbeto, we proceeded on oar way to Borbijsl, tho sealion of Mr. Thomas, where we wore kindly entor I t.lned unlil the following day. . Hero wo parted with [ Mr. Synge, who waa to pursue a northerly oontoo to Fart Bmrke, whije we turned our fsooa toward Mudgee. Mr. Synge baa slooe carried out bis intention, and is, [. believe, at the : prosont tims In districts of which few af .my hearers know moro than thc names Warrigo ind Patoo, I had tho opportunity on tt lr journey of loaming, from eomo ol lbs settlers, what were their, footings when six or eight years ago they wáro visited .by Mr, Synge. I heard their grotefal aeknow lodgment of tho benefits oonforrod by his labours,-of he looal efforts tbajt- have been drawn forth by bia influ- enae, A long day's journey of fl!ty.BOven miles brought .ia within tbree hoare cf Mudgee, toe late, hos ever, io J be evening for a service I bad boped to bold. The station of Mr. Boase, wbars we, pissed tba nlaht, lr visited «very third 8un4ey by on« of tho Mudgee clergy . f M.. A nieta kad leig baa* noonary ID tba! Uri and iaeraaarai township. Tba aaeietanee baa not dina olihed tba liboon of the Ba v. J, Gunther-lt enable bim to inpply three important localities Kith . Sand* sei?iae onae in three weeks. In ibis respect Iber i Ie a bsnefleUI chingo at Mudgep, and cn wbiob cannot fill to be prodnolive of groat goni! We reaohed Madges, tho following morning when tb oonflrmalion waa held. A Bible Society meoiing ia lb evening, iud o Obaiob Biclety'a meeting Ibo follonirj day, willi visits to tbo hospital and other insulations occupied the time ; and after the usual services or Sanday and collections for Ibo Caurch Society, wo sei lorward on Monday morning for Rylstone, where tbe church was to bo consecrated. B sf or o leaving tho dis (riot of Mudgee, I must express my admiration of lbs beauly and fertility of mnob of tho country around, and my belief that railway oommnnlcation will ba of im- mense advantage to tho city of Sydney as well as to tho district Itself. Tho productive capabilities are very groat, and tbo present trafila along the roads ia io considerable as evidently to require increosod facilities for its traoepor'. Tbe ohnrob at Mudgee, built at tbo ?ole cost of tho parishioners (tho Church Soolety paying interest for a term of years) bas still a considerable debt npon it. On oar way to Bylalone we baited at Mr. Bayley's, who liberally offered atßOO towards tbe liquida- tion of the debt, on oondition that tbe whole was paid off in the year 180Ö; a oondition which was acoep ed, and will, I hop J and believe, be complied with. lila Iben proposed to completo tbe nanósomo tower, wmon forms a portion of tbe design, Rylstone is tbcot thirty miles from Mudgee. Toe church boa been built some ye arc, end waa.liberally aided by tbe Church Soole'y, It forms ona of tho ibreo prir c'.pal ont.stations served by Mr. Gunther and bis active assistant, tbe Rev, Mr. Boss. Tbe church waa consecrated ja the morning and In lh> afternoon accompanied by tbo two o!ergymen I rode i to Cadgegonr, and beld service ina now soboo'.room, wbloh baa been recently built ander tho aasplaeB of Mr. I Gunther, and to wbioh tbs Church Boolety contributed £35, Cudgegong ia beautifully situated, and the fiohool. house rilli, I trust, in many w.ys bo a boon to the reBlfepts ; aa it is only eleven miles from BylBtone servho cai be held in it ooiasionaUy cn Sunday. On tba fallowing day Mr. Boss returned early to Mudgee, and Mr. Gunther occompaoied me over (be ranges to Sofala, a distance of about twenty milcB. I had passed by this road on a fermer ocosBlon, end was now alruok wilb the inoreaso of the population. In secluded places com* fortable homesteads bad been formed. I give noopinton upon the legislation whhu bas established frca soleclion ; but BB a traveller; I must bier testimony to tho altered, and to my eye tba improved, appeiranae of much"of the coantry in oon.ojpenoo of that measure. Ia lieu of in. terminable solitudes of green treeB, the green oases of cultivation, and the signs of improromcnt vory.and gladden tbe Boone. Disappointment and failure there will bo ¡ families Gafier from the want of schools and of tba ordininaes of religion, and free selection bas gteatly. increased (he difficulty of suppljlng the population with tbe means of grace, but wbcrover Buacossful it will- bring into eiistenee that wbioh bas hitherto been one'of the great ; wants of the colony, . a respectable yeomen population. It must beVI the ear-i ol tbe Church «Dd ol tboBO denominations ,tó whiohthe people baloo?, to provide aa far aa possible for their Bpiritnal neoossllles. I sra glad to observe that there is in tbs publia miad a growing conviction that tbe Stale should maho provision in part at least lor the reli- gions Instrnotion of the sparsely eoattcred population of tbe interior. They wbo originated (bia state of things ia the distriots at present oeonpied by free seleotors Bhonld endeavoar to remove one of iis groat acknowledged evils. The present outbreak of bnsbranglog may bo re. garded as, to a certain extent, acotdent») ; it has arisen from causes wbiob aro not always ia oolloo, bat tho diseaaemoy beoomo obronlo, and will inevitably do' BO nnlosB remedies wbiob strike at ita very root are om ploy od. Pbyeioal foroe may reproaa lt, but nothing oan eradicate it bat the introduction of religious end moral principies. If the weeds aro to be extorminated, good seed mast be carefully sown. In recent inatanoes tba iolljenoo of ecclesiastics bea been BUCOOSBIUI wbere c florie of tho polico bovo failed. Would it not hove been losa expen- sive to,tho oountry If a larger amount of tbot influenae badi ein employed, even though it bod been piid fer? j The dlstriot of the Abercrombie ot tbis moment is indebted to the Church Sooiety, ¿'18 li., on account of unpaid stipend. Two excellent end valuable olergymcn were ¿placed in that district. One w aa drowned while returning from bis duties. HiB successor WBB withdrawn because theta being no Government Btipcnd, and tba people who were either willing or able to pay a olorgyman being in that distict very f w in number, the moana ot supporting a clergyman altogether failed. And thus in \- a district wbere, ol all otbera in tho colony tho icflaenco of aolergyman was most required, «nd would bavo hoon most asatai, he could not bo maintainod. Saob fads ate worthy of consideration by those wbo are oalled npon to legislate for the futuro well hoing of tho colony. On the evening el my arrival , at Sofala, service I was held in tho ohnrob. and wnn »«ll attended. Tho folio»;»* QB; Wattle Fla*, au outstation waa visited, and though the rain fell heavily, a congregation of twenty-Are persons assambled for divine soivlec. The Chinese are hore in considerable numbera. They have cow a nativo missionary at work amongst thom, He appeared an intelligent mao, not knowing English lt ia true, and evidently anxious to do good amongst bis oouctrymen, Tbe expenses ot bl¿ mis- sion aro homo by tho Presbyterian body, and he himself ia inatrhoted and to some extent directed by a resident lady. It waa gratifying to witness this attempt to im. part tho koowlodgo of Christianity to tho stranger within our gates. Twioe on Sunday he bolds bis assembly, and from forty to filly Outness attend the eervice. This effort bas given great offsnoo to the/ors houn party, and a proclamation in tho Chinese ouiraotar waa larg )Iy poatod about Sofala, reprobating the attempt, and obarglng the Christians with vices from which the Chinero deolared themselves lo ba free. The Rev. George Stiles, tho olergyman at Sofala, follows the example ol bia cnergetio predecessor, Rev. H. Palmer, and et tn carly hour we were on our way to Tambaroora, a mountain ride of thirty miles, wbioh took eight houtB to ncoomplish. 'A confirmation at 3 o'clock, and Divine Bervloo at 7 o'block, when a large congregation attended; and an address was pre. sented, and a reply made, filled np the remainder of a somewhat long diy. Tho following morning we re- turned to Sofalo, and the day after being Sunday, tho confirmation was held in the morning, and Bsrvioe in the evening. The day and Sunday sohool aro in a fl mriahing condition, while the number oonflrmod, .forty-four parsons, showed tbat much piins bad been taken with tho younger portion of the oommunlty. Tbe parish is one which exemplifioB.tho valuo of lay isaistanoe, and ibe stipend of the olorgyman la paid through tba Gold-field Mission Fand, on a prinoipla whiob might be beneficially adopted by tho Stale. Tho oontrlbations of tho pvople ap to e aertaia sam, are met by a grant of equal amount from tho Gold-field Mission Fund. In two days I resabed Wallerawang, and at Hartley held a second confirmation for eoma who hsd not the opportunity of attending on a formoi occasion. Br the end of the week we bad roaobed Bouse Hill, near Windsor, wbore and at Castlehill confirmations were bili nn Sunday, November Gib. Tho occasion waa a very gratify ng one. Tbe ohurahoa a*o both new, and owe their creation td individuals interested in tho res* peative districts, aided by tho Ohnrch Society,'which also supplies one-third of tho clergyman's stipand. AB this journey began, ao dil it conolude In a looality whlob afforded remarkable evidenoe of the benenne arising from the operations of' thia Boote ty. Uo one can bo acquainted with the past biitory and pre- sent condition of tbe pirlsbeB io question without aabnowledgiog that the Charon Society bas been the means, ander God, of restorlog thom {rom an apparently hopeless to a very lloaiiiblng acnlition in reaped to Eohoole, oburobes,te«ahetB, and everything that lndloa'es energy in tho pastor and lifo amongst the people.' On tbo Sanday I spent thero seventy-ft70 parsons wera eon. firmed : twonty.seven having received tbat ordiaonoo at Pennant Hills In tbe month of August. Ono hundred and' tuo persona had ¡baa offered tbemaolvoa for confirma- tion in tho districts under Mr. Taylor's ohnrgo. After tba iaterval of oao week, I resumed my visitation of tho diaaoso by toking the ateamor to Wollongong. The cou firmstion was bold on tbo morning nftor my arrival, divino oeivloo in tho evening, and collections dado on botb occasions for tho Church Society. Tba eacvioea ot tho varlouu ont-otatlons oonnosted with Wollongong aro kept ap with rognlarlty, and the numbera of persons, attending them is encouraging, A curato or catechist would bo groat assistance, particularly OB tba mountain aldon, cud oven tho summita ol tho range» Bro being ¡ brought nndor cultivation, wbilo barbour improvements and collieries employ a considerable number of mon. On tho following morning a oonllrmalion woe held at Dapto, and alter tho sorvloo a mooting, at wbiob it was agreed that moaaureo should bo taken for providing a aurala to. aBsiot tho Bov, Mr. Simpson, Several gentlemen proBOnt I agreed to hocomo responsible far £20 por annum eaab and a oocfijent ballot wau cxproBscd that tbe wbolo amount would bo forthcoming, Io that oooo a curate will bo provided by tbo ordination of a student from Moore College.- Such SBBI tanco la greatly noeded, and will be of much service to a eoattorod population. Tbo follow- ing day a confirmation was bold, for tho llist time, at Shellharbour, a portion of tho Jambaroo pariah, Tao. municipal bodies have been active in that district, and' appoar to bavs managed, tbeir affairs wish discretion.'j Travelling from Wollongong lo Jamberoo is ' easy and pleasutablt; tho roads arc exoetlenf, and it ia now poa« j tibi« to attain lb« basa tifo) eoantry tbrooth «biol tbtj ère ' oirried. SeveLtj-four' fönet persona «tri cor. firmed at Shellharbour and twon.lj-.alx at Jamberoi ' <~n too fol'owlng dar. A kind address cf weloome to lh< former plaas waa presented and ra nob satisfaction ex. prosied by Ibo peoploon the ocoaelon of tbe flrat viele ol their Bishop. Tro services wero hold at Jamberoo, morniog and evening. Frepirationo era miking for tbe creation of a new ohnrob on a sito kindly given by a resident parishioner. Tho parsonago was ballt some time ago, and considering tho circumstances of the dlr. tifat and that (hoy are called upon to pay two-thirds of (hoir clergyman's stipend ('ho other third, is pild by thc Church Society) theoo efforts aro bigbly cre- ditable to them. On tho (olloning Sunday a confirma- tion was hold at Kismi. Tho number of candidates (/>3) was considerable for tho district., Tho Kiamaabnrob bas not sufficient accommodation for all who iesiro to attend, and a gallery fa to bo added to Ibo west end. Here I learned that a considerable number of free Belru'ors were settled on the Sassafras Bangos, not far from Bong Bong and Wingecarribee, They croat a groa» di t taca foro Kiima and J\mberco, bat having many of them gone from the Illawarra distrlo1, they maka th lr way down to tho coast. One hundred families are said to be living lhere,, end at present no ono retidos among them aa their pastor; Tho Bav. Mr., Wilson and the Bev. Mr. Corlette agreed to go there, and Ufos their tepott I sball be prepared to aa*. From tbs ooorersstlon Ibid with one of the.free selectors it wonld appear that there are many members of ont Cbnroh amenest therre and mr wish IR to plisé a'resident cateobiBt tbere who would oonduot services and a sgbonl. A'tboogh the Chnrob Soolelj already gives £100 per annnoa to Jaosbjrco, I : rsnst - appeal to tl em (or this addition»! aid. Tbo means of the people are ' leinly enough, bat they are «Illing to give labour towards the' ereollon ol ' a sehoo'-bouBe, and reBldenoo fdr - tbs oatecbUr, «ni I Sincerely trust that oat eo-< (({(usaf*, will ¡ enable na to accomplish this moat desirable scheme. On Monday morning I set ont by .the oasat for Shoalhaven, nod at Jerlngong held servios in a schooi.bonae wfciob .is regularly viilted on Snnday aflernooDs by Mr, Wilson. On tbe Monday morning on wbioh I wes lhere,' 100 persons assembled for divine service. The value of these bush obspela and their schools and services none oan tell, In tbia very school, house,i seven- or eight '.years ago, a circumstance occurred wbioh Itrp'ee'sed ma at the Ump. A respectable woman, who bad left a part ol England near to my own pirVi, and bad long been settled in the bjsb far from a'eburcb or clergyman, told me that one night Bbe dreimed. tbat sba heard the bells cf Everton Otiurob, and was pre parla g to go lhere, as of old, when ehe awoke, and, to ber deep disappointment, found tbat it was bul a dream. In a short time af ter, one told her that tbe Jerlngong sobool-bonte was to ba oporied; and tbat 'thé bishop (whom she bsd known befóse) was to preach; and now abe said; "My dream bas oome trae," Her looks and evident gladness of heart at again being able to "go with them who made holiday gave me' a deep' seose of tho raino of those attempts to carty the ordinonces of God's boase into the wl'dernesp. The two clergymen of tbe distrlat, aooompsnlod me fc> Sboilhaven. from'whence on the following da'*' I rnd« tn Uliado.ll», a dietanoe ol foitj-fi ve mlloB. This Iernie cor. ner otjmy dioceso forms tts aautbara boaodarr on thè coist. Il bas a boatharbour opon wbiob aoonsldersblo sam is being expended lo maka it'stier and more aval); able (or the steamer which otila there once a week; Tbe Oburob Socio ty contributes £S0 per' annum towards tbe maintenanoe of a catechist, who oondoota servios on three Sundays in'the month when tbe Rov. M'. Young, the olergymsn from Shoalhaven, is not there. Tbe ohnrob ia prettily silnated, and is a very good speoimen of what may ,be accomplished wben a-little forethought and Bkill have bato exercised. It coat about £500. It is very neatly kept, and with the adj lining school, wbiob I examined with satiifactloD, presents a pleasant sight. 1 Mi eld aervloe on Wednesday evening, and had a large congregation from the surrounding farms, though Ibe night was dirk and unfavourable The next morn, ing the confirmation was held. Twenty-one young persons offered themselves. At two o'olook I waa on my return lo Shoalhaven Intending to bare service by Ibe way. At o place called Tamarang, near the head of jervis' Bay, a few sottlorp, and a oonaiderablo number of sawyerB employed by Mr. Goodlet sad others Io Sydney, Bte located. The Ulladulla oateoblst, Mi, Dove, bolds a Sunday Berrica there mnoh to tho satiafaatlon of the people, who to tbe number of seventy or a hundred attend with regularity. Loiters had been sent to ibe schoolmaster, and oleo to tho inn.koepor, announcing my intention to halt thera on my return from Shoal- haven, .- anfortinately . they had not - been 'delivered, and no preparations bad been made or. notice given. At Shoalhaven itself the disastrous eflùotj of tbo floods ere bat toa plainly .visible. Bast in tba wheat and dlsosae in tbs cattle'bad also visited the district, wbiab waa eonBeqnontly in a very depreaaod atatf« Tho reaidonoe of tbe olergytnaniaa boase kindly leot by Alexander Berry, Esq , and is in Itself nnnvenlenr, bot tho oitaotfoo baa some dlsadvanti gos, and it waa deemed detirable lo endeavour lo build elsewhere io a more elavatod Bitnation. A mealing was held; the matter withal! ita difficulties fully discussed, and a resolotlon passed thai a beginning should ba made. Tbe sam ol £200 was promised in tbs room, I trott that au effort nude ander auch great discouragements I will be suoceasfn), end toot (baa a permanent endow, mont for the parish will bo scoured. I promised to lay tbeir asao bofore the oommittoo ohsrgcd with tba manage- ment ol the endewmon t (and. Tberr wis a confirm alon on Sunday morning, andan aft:rnoon Bervloo waa held at Nowra, and ao evening service at Terrara. With thia evening eorvioo my visitation laboura ended,' unless Indeed I inolade a VIBU to the gaol at Wollongong, where I lound tho Bev. Mr. Ewing as ls bia work on Mon- day morning instructing the priaonerp, and was led to addroBB a few nords to them daring the abort time tbat tba Bteamer remained in the barbour. I bave not time; to enlarge upon toplas wblob do not ettiatly fall within; the purpose of Ibis address ; bat I aaanat help observing;' that while tho resources of this country appear to bo inexhaustible, and all the elements o' prosperity exist, amongst ne, tba complaints of dlstreua were everywhere to be heard. There IB evidently room enough and bread enough and to spare in this habitation wbiob a father's bounty bas provided, and yet as one looks apon tbe some, diieise, 'distress, and orlmes of violence disturb its fair appearance, and to one, who becomes acquainted witb tbs ignoianoe of Ibo inioiior, and tba frightful immorality, and intemperance prevalent npon tbe gold Aside,. the sight IB truly saddening, " Iho people turn not to Him that smitetb them,'» wae the observation made lo me by one long resident in the colony. The ssme good min urged that ia- onr air. cumsianaes a diy of .humiliation waa imperatively re* quired, and though not en episcopalian hlmeslf desired. that the Bishop would osute ene to1 be I proclaimed. Everywhere I found a disposition on the patt<: of tba members ol > tho Charck lo meet ibu rcqalremrnts of their own district. I It is in Sydney ohiofly that the free-osntribntlona to j i the work.', of the Obnrab ... Soolety are given. From four parties alone £000 at least , will 1 bo given to the funda of the Church Soolety in this year, I and no doubt flve.aliths of that amount will ba paid to I the eoantry dlstriotB. A nell organised Bietern of depntationa to the country would eliott maoh moro aid to the general fand of the Ooarob Boolety, and enafalo DB lo oirry on thoao missionary operations' which aro BO roaoh needed'in the interior. We require meo, and I am thank* fal to say that Moora Collège continues to Bend forth Borne who prove themselves to bo well farnlahod for their work, and whoBe labourB are evidently telling upon tho people. Mon, suitable, qualin jd mon, bavo in all tlmea j been the great want ot the Churob, and still aa at all* times, tho drectlon given is «Pray ye, therefore, tho Lord of tho harvest that Xe would Bend forth labourers into the harvest'," There is indoed muab to bumble na i when wo look at onraelvos, Tho organisation ol tbe .Ohnrch Is admirable, though aapablo of improvement, but the informing, animating quickening Spirit ls greatly needed. An apostolic oburcb requlrea in common oon eistenoy mon ol apoitollo spirit, ol uutiring energy, and glowing zeal while Becking tho salvation ol ooule-men who, night and day, from houao to house, from station to station, to men singly, to multltudoa in the great assembly, will preach Christ, and by tholr lita and doc*! trine set forth tbo glory ot God, and set forward tho, salvation of naen. It ia good to build and en.r dow churahoB, ond maintain tho ordinances of re- ligion, but tho scaffolding is not unto itsolf, it, Js unto tho building; md all cur care,and time, and labour will foll of their highest end if wo do not bring men into union with Christ, placing them on Him as tho true and only foundation ol their hope of heaven, anil. Backing for thom tho graco andpowor of Ibo Holy Ghost that they may grow up into Him in all things. This spirit of love to tho Saviour and to the souls of men is what wo all > noed, nnd I earnestly esk tho prayers of the CUutoh.at this approaching season of Ember Waob, not only that flt persons'moy bo wisely and faithfully obosaqtó sprve fn the'sacred' minfs'ry of tho Ohuroh, but that all who' .aro engaged in that ministry "may dally inórense and go forwards In tho koowltdgo and faltn Q( God and of HIB blessed Son by tho Holy dplrlt." .1 aëk'also tbat-tbo olalms of tba Oburcb Sooloty may be reoogblBBd and moro liberal aid bo givon, Cor 'aok of bnowlcdgo the pooploperlBb, on evory slio theory ls heard ' Come over and help na," and whatovor else haB to be .'dono surely this ls tho most urgent and pressing claim that1 mon should ba supplied with tba means of grace and'tho . ml'tlBtrationB of that word which oin elope give spiritual ' IKc, Oar oonforonoe and subuquont eynod wi'-l, I trust, .'anita and atraagtban tba whola body, bal ' while propa. 'rallona are making for these, there can be no jail reason why womboola negleot another and tonally Importanl daty. I propasa (o Invita rna conference to aseemblo in the first week in February. Is the zeal ot tho Cbnrob to alnmber for the next lew months ? Are the earnest pitltlona Itt help for three additional olergymen aud catechists lo ba set asido nntil we have agreed aa lo the precise mode la which the temporal affaira of tbe Church are to be ad ministered? I cannot think tbat this ls a *i<e nc Christian course, and my oonTloti'n is so strong of tito pressing necessities sf theàs ùlairiat* ¡bat I hive takten thia nnUBual method of bringing tbem before the Chnrobr and ask that yon will aid in sending oat moro men by placing larger contributions at tho disposal of tba oom minee. I hsvo also iBkod that a special collection may ba made this evening. In tho ocan'ry I hara aorre'Imes asid that where Ibe Bishop officiated, ' be expected . a ? oollroiio for the Gouron* Sjciety, or for the Gold.fMi Mission Fand, and I know no reason why the èountry sbonld be thus taxed and ma should be allowed to go free. Luge contributions, I am aware, ooma (rem some of those who are hero ic, night, but I have generally found that tho persons »bo ? give rouob ara those who give more ; we shall none oí- as eventnally.be the poorer fer what wo give now; and the circumstances rrqulro a apeolhl effort. And now T will bring my address to a close. I am - hopeful fdr- tba oountry and - (or tbe ' Cbnrob, and am (bankin! for Ibe* ' grounds on wbloh loin risk this hope, lhere is on cv j« dent increase cf esxucstnoae and of effort. Good nun in- different quarters are labouring for tho same end, and I know that in answer to the prayers of bis servant?, sup. plif e, of graoo will' bo vouchsafed by our divine Master. Imust not omit'.to- thank bi) Excellency for tho liberal aid, and constant preionoe, and wise oounsel with wblab> 'he sustalOB'tbe eílorta of tbo Cmrcb Soolaty, and lol bit kindness, in presiding thia evening. It la' a. good' disaoorse. wbiob produces good irait ; ind «beti de8lre> le, that a more thonghttnl consideration maj bo glvan-1 to the eondition of tho country, end to tbe natare ot-tbs remedies to bo applied to moetcxistiog evils; thal'more-' of the.spirit of Daoiel, and Ezra, and Nehemiah, ai.y ba' "found omoDgstn;- tbeapirit of bnmitlatlon-the spirit of ? ' true .patriotism- which is a praynfal, diajatores'od'j God.feir.'ng spirit j that the pastors of Christ's, ¡ft iok>. may bo more devoted ; and tbat tho membera: thereof ^ may frei more deeply tho responsibility »od privilege bf hilping forward Ood's canse in the land, and that above nil they who hear andthoy who road my word?; maybe more earnest in seeking their own salvation, and moro airefal to adorn tbe dootrino of tbslr God and Saviour in all tblagi. Thus will they be Ilka etrvanti nady foe their lord, or tho brido prepared for tbe bridegroom, welting for tbst .second advent-wbiob is at tbiB season.... epeoially brought to mind-with strong desire and glad > proportion of heart oiy'ng to Him "Come lard". Je sap," como and mike this sinful world the babita- : tlon of Thy: G/bry. At tba conclusion of the foregoing address, hia Etoel ( laney said the collection would, ba made. Ovor thirty pounds waa .then collected for tba Oourah Sooleiy. '? . i Mr, Jastice.Wiss said he bid bsen requested to mora'., a resolutioD. , In doing ao he felt lt ueoosaary to remark : that tbnngh their, exoelltnv friend,. tba Lord Bishop ol the diooeBO had exprès iod bis opinion on¡the question'of. . ? State.aid, their answer, to tbe appeal would be'quita irrespeotive ol that 'question; Thoso wbo held the prin- ciple of State-aid caght not to negleot their duty bísense,; 'in their, view,: tba State negleoted its duty. And those who were opposed to St itr-ald ought to do their daly to show to the world tbit Stato old waa not DtoeiBary: : (Cheers.) lathe audicnoa tbere wera doubtless eenie: on botb ¿idea pf tbe question; on both Ibo addreBS called' .fer assistance, and it .should bo responded to large))*. Br m'aUipiyingeharsbosandsottltagmtnistetBtbey would bo laying tbe foundation of a future fraught with happiness to themselvos and their ohildrcn. Ho hoped bia obser- vation aa a layman weald be listoned to.by ibo alergy and the Bishop: It had always seomod to bim that in coque. ' qamoe of their relative datios, whila laymen ehould bo prepared to supply tho fonds necessary (or Ohnrob sup-, part end extension, the o'otgy should not abstain from teaching tboso under tboir obargo thc duly of giving. They mutt not abstain through aoy false delicacy. That trnth had not been so thoroughly taught cs it sbould. i : have been. Tho Chu roh ol England In England bad revenues of a permanent, oharacter. Here lt waa their duty lo support their own olergymen and to ortend - 'bp ,, ordinances of, tho Ohurch-- and to próvido permanent., revenues. They ehould take a lesson from other bodies, -. Among the Wesleyan^ every member of tbe Church gave som« weekly oonlrib'niion. Why should not they do tho ? ?' Bama 7 Why should not tba olorgy put before their flocks the duty, ol jiving to-the Iiord t Ho related »r> anecdote reoorded In a little' tract " Tho Dairyman's', Daughter." Tho eco ind olergyman who arrived' in thia colony, the Reverend Samuel Merfddrj,--t when wind-bound nt Cowes, in tholoo of Wight, preaobe'd ,., a sermon wbloh'produced lasting spiritual ioaproasious on the mind of "The Dairyman'-1 Daughter," whose llfat "' was now rend, in all countries of tho wc rid. In 1819, ? the Rev. Samuel Marsden collected a number of clergy and gentlemen to fonnd a society hero for tho sproul of, religion in tho Paolflo Islands, and for tho 'proteo'.foD of the Paolflo iB'sndcrs. How much ono roan mlgbt do I . In the Isle ol Wfgbt, whrro ho (Jjdga Wise) spent bis . childhood, ó good work waa began by farmers holding 'J servios in their own barns week sftcr week, until thep-o-| plo wished to bava ohnroboB ol tbolrown; and in'thirty.' , years 60 - or 100 '.churches had boon bui;t in that little island. Tho seed sown sprung up in largo m eas uro; Unless - they' joined heart and BOO), clergy and laymen,' rich and poor, in 'spreading the knowledge of Christan" troth in thia o'oloay, all tbolr boasted wealth wonloV . not, avail to Bavo tha country from deoay." He thought tho duly of wo»lth was not sufficiently to- . ' garded by those who had drawn their wealth from. (bis oolony. There wera many who had sprang np frota: nothing in thU oolony. They should ooOBlder their wealth , ns a talent entrasted to them to ase. Ha 1 moved-"That thia meeting haa heard with mush calla* ' lao ion tho Interesting statement made by tbs lordl Biabop.aa to tho banc&ls; ojntoriad on tho diocese by tho. ir laboure of the Ohnrch Society, and earnestly hopea that:...' tba appoa) bow noado; for inoroased support, BO as to . 1 eeonre tbe settlement of olorymen In districts now deatl. !.. tute nf the ordinances of the -Ohurob, will bs generally : - > and liberally responded tc." ' , , , ,? ,¡-. I : i i Mr. M.. E.'.MontUN aooonded the resolution, wbiob waa oarriod nnanlmoaily. \\- . . ,-¡.v-i '.».?'.,. . > Tba Very Rev. the DEAN or BTDNST moved a vote ot I thanks to bis .Exoel cnoy for bis klodnba's In presiding1' j over the meeting, wbiob waa oarrldd by aoo,ablation. '?? ." Slr Jt nN YOUNO aihóowlodgéd'the oompllment. ' ÎHe," 'J wat gul'e unprepared for tho totms In ? wbiob the Bight ° Rev.-.tbe Bishop bad spoken af bi« effort to ptbavite tho'1 !deti¿n:of tbeObarah Scoloty.and be was deeply gratifier', He bad listened with moot) satisfaction to the Btatomonts 1 of the Bishop, and be joined in tba hopo that tho pabilos-> - -¡ Hon of the Btatomonts and observations they had beard -' I Would bo followed by all possiblo good roaulte, and (hat?';?> > there wonld.be a camiananco cf liberal contributions, ; ? wbiob were necessary to carry to its full oxtent the-: ' operation of the Ohureb Society. (Gbeors.) .:-> ~ >-r v . .a The Bisn.r then oalled on the andlonoo-to sing'(bo doxology, which having b-en done, bis Lordlbip pro-',. nonneed the apostolic benediction. < ' 1 1 ' ' ' . 