WESLEYAN CHAPEL, ASHFIELD.-LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. A large number of persons assembled yesterday at Ashfield, at half-past two o'clook, to witness the cere mony of laying the foundation-stone of a Wesleyan Church. Many friends of tbe cause went out from Sydney, Newtown, and Petersham, and others gathered from Canterbury and the surrounding district. The site is on the ground presented several years ago by the late Mr. Campbell, on which the building at present used by the Wesleyans as a place of worship stands. It is near tbe centre of the township, on tbe south-eastern side of the main road, and about 100 yards to the east of the Railway Station. The proceedings were commenoed by the Rev. J. Or am, who gave out the hymn beginning-" Behold tbe sure foundation stone, whiob God In Zion lays." The Rev. W. WILSON read the Scriptures, 1st Peter, 2nd ohapter. Prayer was then offered by the Rev. J Oram, who introduced E. H. Woodhouse, Esq., to the meeting, and presented to him, in the name of the trustees, a silver trowel, with a handle of myall wood, the workmanship of Messrs. Hardy, Sydney, and a mallet ol tulip wood from the Clarence Biver, made by Mr. Milgrove, of Park-street. Mr. ROWE, the arohitect, read a description of the building. The style is transition early English. The walls are to be built of freestone; in six inch courses, and baoked with rubble. They are eighteen feet high from the ground line. Tbe whole height of cburch from floor to apex of roof is thirty-six feet. Tbe entrance has a porch, with a moulded parapet. At each side of the porch is a lanoet window with cusps, and label mould stopping on carved bosser. Above there is to be a well designed spherical triangular window, filled in wlth tracery, and defined on two sides by a moulded label, terminating in foliated bosses. The whole front is crowned with a moulded parapet, starting from gablets at the ends, and terminating wlth them at the apex of front, from whicb again rises a plain cruciform finial. The sides of tbe church are divided into three bays by well proportioned buttresses, in each of which are coupled lancets. The chancel end has a semi octagonal apse with two lancets. The roof of the cburch and apse are to be slated. The plan of the church is an oblong, 43 feat by 30 feet, terminated by a semi octagonal apse, which makes the interior length 59 feet. The éntrance to the church is to be through a porch opposite the apse. The arrangement of the sittings is adapted for 900 adults on the ground floor; and consist of two aisles starting from entrance lobby and terminating in a tranverse aisle. The rostrum with the oommunion, the aspiring lines of the arch, and the sbadowy apse render this the most prominent portion. The roof of the church, porch and apse are to be open, and of hardwood wrought and cbamfered. The church roof is lo be formed of two pair of principals, all to be lined with cedar. The ventilation will be obtained by an open ridge, circular iron ventilators in the floor, and casse- ments in the window. It is intended at some future time to erect a gallery and a vestry at the south- side. The building can also, when necessary, be elongated. 'The lansets are intended to be glased with cathedral glass ard colours, introduced in the principal window of east- end and those in apse and sides. Mr. WOODHOUSE thereupon deposited in the hollow under the foundation stone copies of the Herald and the Empire for the day, and a document containing the fol- lowing words :-" The founndation stone of the Wesleyan Church, Ashfield, waa laid by E. H. Woodhouse, Esq , of Ashfield, on Monday, 17th October, 1864, being the 28th year of the reign of her Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir John Yoong, K.C.B., being the Governor-i-Chief of the colony af New South Wales; the Rev. James Buller, President of the Australasian Wesleyan Conference; the Rev. Stephen Rabone, Chairman of the Sydney district; and the Revs. J. Oram and W. Wilson, ministers of the Syd- ney fifth curcuit ; tbe Rev. W. Schofield, John Caldwell, Eeq., M L.A., Mr. J. Crook, and Mr. John Bourn, being trustees of the church; William Henson, Esq., treasurer of, the building fund ; Mr. Thomas Rowe, architect ; Mesers. Jones and Honnor, contractors for the whole work." This done Mr. Woodhoise settled the stone in its place; and declared the foundation to be well and truly laid as the corner stone of a Wesleyan Church in which tbe Gospel will be preaobed, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of tbe Holy Ghost. He continued - This was a most important work; A house of worship of that description had long been wanting in that neighbourhood, and he wu gild to iee the want wis noe? to ba met. It wu upon in id. i mireble lite, moat happily chosen. Every person in Ashfield who waa willing, might, in a few minâtes, oome i to thia place to enjoy Christian worship, and to receive the benefit of inatraoliona in spititnal truth. He then de. scribed the vast benefits which had resulted from the ereotion of asimilar p'aie of worship at Cunning, in eocneotion with the labonti of the BIT. Mr. Langford, ? Wesleyan mininer. In the ooaree of twelve months a very decided change for the better took place in tbe habits of the people, and all acknowledged that the building and tbe labour of Mr. Langford had been a great blessing. The erection of thia chapel would anoure the reiidenae ola milliter at Ashfield. He would say in conclusion long may this building last, and may God's blessing rest upon it (Cbeers.) The Bev, Mr, BIOEVOBO after the singing of two verses beginning ., .' Gather thaoutoaata in to ear* From ala and BaUn'a power.'' addressed tbe meeting. He said thole who paiscd by mlgbt naturally aak what they were, doing f They had met to eroet a boat« in whiob the worship of Alm'gbly Ond may be observed and tba mema of grace duly' administered. They wera undoubtedly ? aoting in har- mony wib tba mind ot God. For the divine purpose was to eave aonls from death. Cod ia*d to Moaet con- cerning Israel-" Lit them build me a sanctuary that I may ooma and dwell among the people." And they had reason to believe thal «hat the Almighty intended for the , spiritual ind eternal good of one people, he designed also lor tbe good of all nations. The erection of thia ohnrob might lead passera by to believe that God was about to vlBlt this plies for good. Here they boped he would. transfer bis own glory to hil children, that they mlgbt be changed Into bia image from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit ot the Lord. In the economy of graoe Qod passed by ing*le« who might so easily have spread their m'ghty winga to fly from land to land and establish the ordinands of religion. He employed men to mike known His will to the r fellow-nen. It was the duty of believers to exert themselves to spread the knowledge of tbe truth ol Qod. They did not, by thia work, design to oarry on any proselytising. The min- isters would aeak to gather in tbe ungodly, not to take members of other oburobes. He abominated sheep, slea lng and lamb-stealing; their work waa to aeek wandering aouls, and their suooess depended on the blessing cf tbe Holy Bplrit-"Not by might nor by power, '.nt by ray SpUit, ealih tho T,atd of Hoota." IT¿ «or eludei* by an exhortation to enrorst jiiit/cr, &n.i; t oniitrmt mitlvlly and liberality in th» promotion nf thin ¡¡ood ' '111 JSZ"¡"»L"i Vnm dispersed for ari hour, ena at »lie c'elcait rtiCt ta tc* in a niarqrue np ri trie g-nuntl. Alipc !.?'» a pubtin tnso'inc nt« h. ld. I'ho oiis.lr «an taken by tbe Bev. Mr. Woodhouse. Alter prayer by toe Kev. W. Schofield and singing, The CniiaiiiN said this was a basinets meeting. Tbo ohurch would be a great benefit to the neighbourhood, commercially and spiritually, and they ought to be willing to contribute with it. Mr Henson, , Treasurer, mina a statement 01 me tonne. Tola waa (be third tea meeting ia ooonootlon with the building of thia ohuroh.snd every matting Bboned en inoreaae OD tbe foregoing. Thia waa a Rood angary. They had in band towarda tbs baildiog £180, and they bad promise of ¿HO more. The building would oost somewhere about £1000, ao that lhere was a great deal to do before they oonld complete the building they bad aummonoed. To aniel them they would get from £300 C> £300 (rom the Sustentation Fand af the sooiety. So that they bed seamed something like half what they re* qiired to raise; and If tbey bad two or three more tea uieetings like this, they Wjuld be relieved of the barden. , ' The Ksv. W. WILLOH reminded: them of Dr, Watt's hallucination «boat his being turned into a teapot. There was - a . good way of . oaring snob. hallualna. tiona. He described the cnre of a lady whoimaglnrd that her leg was made of Ohina. Ss an audience like that before him was enough to care a man of tho idea that be oonld speak in pabilo. Tbe past had monlded tbe present, and tbe preeent would monld the future. TbuB is the age of progress. The world ia becoming more wealthy than ever, Two hundred yearB ego imeiioa waa given lo the Anglo.3»XOD raoa to develop ita resoaroes, and now IhiB Sinthern continent waa given to the English to get ita gold. . But gold waa not tbe wealth of nations ; the energy and ability of men was greater wealth. Gommeroe waa now breaking dtwa tbe bari iais of nation*, and solenoe. waa enlarging tba power of men, Seienoe made the lightning of Heaven the ponlboy of thia go-a head agc ibis was the age of education»! progres'. We had not now only a few great leading Intellects, tnt the oommon mind waB ednoated, Tbere waa more edooatlon now tban ever there was since Adam waa a boy. (Laughter.) He waa glad to Bee that the aoboolmaBter was abroad. Our educational inatitn lonB are the glory of the land. Above all, he Blood np for moral and spiritual progress. They required moral.training and spiritual o go band in hand wlib intellectual. They wanted botb propelling power and guiding power. Aneilea waa splitting on the rook of oivil war. But if in Ametloa cpliltaat and moral 'raining had kept paoe with intellectual and material development, she would not ; no» be bespattered wltb fratricide! blood. Britain waa made great by her glorióos Christian institutions'. And nothing oonld make this country a great nation bot Cbriatianity. Solenoe oan maka an iron boree, but cannot ma :e an honest man. Soienoe o.nnot bridge over the o h asm whtoh sin baa made between man and his God. Solenoe alone osnnot beat awotda Into ploughshares, and spears into pruning hooka They bad, this day, laid the foundation of a boats ol Clod, He boped it would be a oentre of bless, lng to the neighbourhood. If Methodism was dlffaslve, it wes because Christianity waa in tts very, nature diffd. »Ive, Their aim waa not to bring men over to their side, bat to help them In obtaining the salvation i f their aoûts. They wonld be unwoztby of Jobn Wesley if they were sectarian. A bigot was a pitiable little oreatnte. He would aend all those narrow-aooled people to Moolaga leland, or better still toPincbga'. (deers and laughter.) And a Wealeran would be the Aral person he wonld send lo Pmohgut, if be were a narrow.Bouled man. Some querulous Christiana w ra like the Irlahman at Donny brook fair. An earnest Christian . would not waste hlapoweiBln contention with fellow Obrialians. They bad a foo that lt required all their power to quell. Let them rain down) all their ihot and ahell on tbe forcea ot ala and Satan. Hs waa proud of Aabfleld. (Oceers.) The Btv. W. SouoriKLO said he was particularly pleased io ses ao many at the eeremooy of laying the foaodatlon atone. The sympathy maoifeated for their Aabfleld frlenda moat make a deep impression on them. It waa a grest Christian work lo faed the hungry and clothe Ibe naked. But it waa much more Important that Dlvloe tiuth should be made known to those who were alienated from God. How great WJS tho worth of a aoal, eadewed with powers of everlasting progrese. By tbe ereotlon of lhat church they were providing fer tbe emsnoipstion of many a ola from the power of darkness. Tbe blessing of Qed would some down tbere on present and fatulo generations, When ha remembered how few people Wiro attaobed to their causólo the country when be first esme, be was lost in wonder at tbs piogresa mada. For . long Krna (bera were bot (bree Wesleyan ministen io New Sootb Walas; He bad tbongbl that bigotry waa Inferred wben ba was a boy. Ont il appeared? 'hat bigotry was alive aod still exerting itself. He loved Mel bedlam; bot be loved olher denominations also, Tb ey bad a work to do, Every Christian man was tba friend of all, ina enemy of none. Tbiy migbtat once reisa a con- siderable sam to rednee the barden on tbeebnreb. At Newtown they bsd been under eelond cf difSeally; bat the olond waa piaaing away. The Wesleyane were always wanting money; and ba would ba ashamed of tbem il 'bey wera not ao, for it ahowed that they were not doiog - their work. (Applause.) Tba Rev. S. BABOHK ssld be had a deep sympathy wltb the great ot j»et that bad brought them tog'tber. He bad in past yeera laboured in Ashfield, and often felt-the nerd of a more commodious building. He «as glad to Vnow from Mr. Sohoflild, who was ona of tba only two Waa. leyan mlnlatera io tba aolcny when he (Mr. Babona) . rrlved, tbat he and bia Newtown friends were no longer - introubli about their ebareb. He waa glad they were in good hope about thia Ashfield ohuroh. Bul it would ' be nreeaaary to make a united and peraeverlng effort. He woold at onoe glveplaee to the great bnaineis of'he evening. Hepiared God's blessing on the undertaking and great laoeesv. (Applause) ' A oolleotion wai then mada towarda ihe building fund amounting to more than £00.; The proeaedinaa termi- nated with praise, and all seemed highly satiafi.d witb tba business and pleasure of the day. 