THE FALL OF DUPPEL. The progress of the war in Denmark is just what might have been expected. The Prus sians have been successful, and the brave little army of King Christian has been steadily driven back step by step. The forts of* Duppel havo fallen after a stubborn siege of two months, and the Prussians are now masters of the situation. Tho whole mainland of Schleswig is in their possession, the few thousands of Danish troops still remaining having on abandoning Duppel passed over to the small island of Alsen. The operations wbich'led to this result are graphically described by corres pondents of the English papers, from which a connected narrative of the course of events from the abandonment of the Dannewerke to the fall of Duppel can easily be obtained. When the Prussian army followed the Danes to this stronghold they saw at once that some time, patience, and hard work would be required before the enemy could be dUlodged and the forts taken. They therefore at once began their operations, confident of the ultimate result In point of numbers the Prussians had fl llpnidw? IlinaMntiito VH* «.. 1. .J .11 i.1 ? i_ rials of war in abundance. Their artillery especially was of tremendous calibre, and every one Knew that the capture of Duppel was simply a question of time. When the work of bombardment fairly com' menced the Prussians day after day and week after week poured in upon the doomed forts a most destructive fire, meanwhile being engaged in pushing their parallels closer to the walls of the stronghold. The artillery practice is described as being of a murderous character, and yet the heroic little band of Danes defended themselves with signal courage and energy. Though they must have known that their defence was hopeless, and that superior numbers and armaments would in the end prevail, .they nobly did their duty, and by their brave defence of the forts have won the admiration of every nation in Europe. To wards the close of March the Prussians' made an attempt to take the place by storm, but they were driven back with great impetuosity. On the 28th an attack was made along the whole of the lines of fortification. HoHr after hour the fight continued, and although ths Prussian! had all the advantages which superior numbers give, they were, after an obstinate attack and as obstinate a defence, driven back, the Prussian soldiers having absolutely refused to fight. They were sadly chafed and galled by the heavy fire of grape shot poured in npon them by the iron-clad 'EolfeKrake.' which had gallantly steamed past powerful batteries to take part in tha conflict. After a long day's fight the Prussian soldiers sullenly retired, with the mortifying conviction that their first serious attempt to take Duppel wss a disgraceful failure. They now resumed their siege operations, digging parallel after parallel, and gradually approaohinr nearer to the fortifications. The cannonading never ceased, but continued until most of the guns in the forts were silenced. Either out of revenge for their defeat on the 28th March, or in mere wanton cruelty, they did an act on the 2nd and 3rd April which has raited a cry of indignation from every European nation. Without previous warning, they proceeded to bombard Bonder* borg, a town of 4,000 inhabitants, and, regard less of the lives of women and innocent children, they poured in a terrible fire, which utterly destroyed the town and caused the death of many of the inhabitants. This has been felt to be an act entirely unjustified by the mages of war amongst civilized nations. On the 18th April, at 4 o'clock in the morn ing, the whole of the Prussian batteries opened fire with unwonted vigour. For six hours the cannonading was kept up without intermission, the Danes being unable to reply. Then, by previous arrangement, as the clock struck 10 the batteries were silent, and in a moment the breastwork of the parallel nearest the forts wu alive with the attacking force. They rushed forward, swarmed over the works in crowds ana the final assault qegan. According to the Timet correspondent a slight delay occurred, which the Danes were not slow to take advan tage of, and 'all along their line, from the top of their works and from behind them, crackles a sharp fire of rifles.' Some few of the Prussians fall before the small fire, but in the mean time j others have gained the open space and steadily and in good order they advance towards the forts. One by one they are taken ; and before 12 o'clock the whole are evacuated, and the Danes liave crossed the bridges to the island of Alsen, where the attacking force are unable to follow. Duppel is won easily at last, though with a large destruction of the Danish army. The Prussians themselves seem to have been surprised that more resistance wu not offered, and that the taking of the forts bad not cost them more work. The Duchy is new Butirdy in the hands of the Prussians, and the Danish army is cooped tip in the small island, beaten but not dishonoured. The Prussian guns were immediately moved forward to give the finishing stroke to Sonberborg, which gives the ducal title to King Christian, the father of the Princess of Wales. We observe that some of the English papers are speaking in terms of severe reprehension of the policy at Copenhagen which made the defence of Duppel obligatory on the little army. There was not the ghost of a chance of its being successfully defended from the very first, and therefore to order its defence was simply to subject the army to serious loss without the slightest pros pect of gain to the national cause* It is said that the chief officers in both armies knew that Duppel was untenable, and that it ought to have been abandoned. And even at the last, on the very eve of the attack, tho Times says that the Danish Commander telegraphed to Copenhagen for leave to with draw from the forts and cross over to Alsen. But Bishop Monrad, who is at the head of political affairs in Denmark, and who has shown that be belongs to the Church Militant, refused permission. He ordered the defence to be maintained u long as possible, and, therefore, on his head rests the heavy responsi bility of sacrificing some 4,000 persons without the slightest material advantage to the army or the nation. Perhaps he dreaded the effect of popular feeling in Copenhagen if the retreat from the Dannewerke were repeated at Duppel. The people were half frantic when the news oame of the abandonment of the Dannewerke, and a popular ineurrection was just prevented. To escape another scene of this kind probably accounts for the determination to fight a hope less battle and to sacrifice human lives without any compensating result. The whole question at issue between Ger many and Denmark is now remitted to diplo macy. Earl Bussell has succeeded in obtaining a Conference of European States, which bad already commenced its sittings. Happily England and France appear to be in accord as to their future policy. The Earl of Clarendon, one of the most able and experienced of English diplomatists, has been in Paris con sulting with the Emperor, and the two nations have agreed to act in concert. Our latest telegraphic news by way of Suez informs us that tho Conference is adjourned, and that unless the armistice whioh they recommend pending negotiations is maintained, England and France will go to war with any Power refusing it. It is further stated that the Channel fleet was anchored in the Downs, that the French fleet was expected, aad that the destination of the two fleets wss supposed to be the Baltic. Another telegram says tha members of the Conference have not agreed, and that the English fleet is actually ordered to the Baltic, and that France will send 120,000 men to the frontiers . If these items of intelligence be correct, then we may hope that the worst is over. There can be no doubt that .these two Powers united can control Europe. Prussia and the German Confederation would pause before pushing matters to an issue which would bring them into antagonism with England and France, while Austria will probably have enough to do in looking after her own possessions in the South of Europe, now that Garibaldi is well and prepared for action, to prevent her setting herself against the two great Powers. The presence of a united French and English fl-et in the Baltic, and 120,000 tiojps on the Crerman frontiers, will no doubt bring the itubborn King of Prussia to his sonses. In ;hose two Powers he would find a different inemy from that with which he has been con ending and which he has beaten. t Supreme Court.— The Pull Court sat onSatur* day, June 11, to hear the continuation of the argu ment in the case of the Queen against W. W. Hughes and E. Stirling. After Mr. Way had addressed the Court, the Chief Justice intimated that it was the opinion of the majority of the Court that the writ should be quashed, but leave would be reserved to the plaintiffs to appeal. In the course of the discussion which followed this inti mation, it was stated that the rule would be made absolute with costs, and that their Honors would on another occasion give the reasons for the judg ment, in order that they might be transmitted to the Privy Council. Latest Dates.— By the arrival of the Cooronjr our files! are extended to the following dates:— Melbourne, June 8; Sydney, June 1; Hobart Town,* June 2; Launceston, June 4; Auckland May 20 ; and Brisbane, May 28. ' Thb Rev. A Cooper.— The following paragraph is copied from the Melbourne ChurcJt Qazetle: 'St Paul's Church, Geelong.— The Rev. Astley Cooper, late of Adelaide; who has been officiating in this church during the preceding 12 months, was inducted to the incumbency during the past week, on the presentation of Messrs. Ibbotson and Dunn, the lay representatives in accordance with the Colonial Church Act The occasion was seized upon by the congregation as a fitting opportunity of marking the esteem in which the reverend gentleman and his lady are held, by presenting them with a complete suite of drawing-room furni ture, of the value of some 60 or 70 guineas. Watebcoloub Dbawino.-Wb were shown on Saturday a fine watercolour drawing executed to order by Mr. W. R. Thomas. It is about two feet wide by 20 inches in height, and represents ah lborigines' 'Departure Corroboree.' A large lumber of the natives are seen amongst th« »?«» each 'squat like a toad,' ranged in rows around a large fire, and performing their 'rites, strange and barbarous.' The full moon 'sheds Ub peer less light' over the distant hills,: and by contrast adds to the general effect of the foreground scene The drawing, though entirely ideal, is true to nature, and is very creditable to the artist, PHOTOOiuPHT.-We have received from the Adelaide Photographic Company two views of the interior of the North Adelaide Congregational Church, which are exceedingly well executed. They give a favourable impression of the beautiful interior of one of the most elegant and commodious ecclesiastical structures in the colony. One of the photographs shows the east end, with the laree platform, and the ether the west end, with the gallery. new Schoolroom, GLioncwj.-We beg to re mind our. readers that Mr. Townsend, M.P will give his popular lecture on 'London Life' in the new Schoolroom. Glenel|, this evening. Weun derstand that, in addition to the lecture, several glees and songs will be sung by lady and gentle men amateurs. Ou- CowaoiAyB1 AssocuTioir.-The memben of the Old Collegians' Association, which hat recently been formed, will dine togetheron Friday June 17. at the Assembly Rooms, Hindley-street Arrangements have been made to render it a sue cessful gathering, and many old scholars of SL Peter s College are expected |from the country, as well as those in the metropolis. Victoria Theatre.-' The Woman in White was played, it is to be hoped for the last time, on Saturday evening, as it is a miserable travestie oi the celebrated novel so named. This evening s far better entertainment will be produced from the pen of a practised and popular playwright Tom Taylors 'Overland Route,' so far as we recol lect, was never played here before, so that, in addition to its intrinsic merit, it will have the charm of novelty to many of our playgoer* The PANTECHJfATHECA.-The picturesque enter tainment exhibited by Messrs. Cressy & Ayer. secured a very crowded attendance on Saturday afternoon and a full house in the evening. A number of children from the Destitute Asylum were kindly admitted gratis in the afternoon; and both on that occasion and in the evening the dis tribution of gifts caused great interest and greater amusement. Police CouRT.-At the Adelaide {Police Court on Saturday, June 11, H. P. Sparks was ordered to find a surety of £10 to keep the peace for three months, and a cardriver was fined 5s. for using obscene language. HOR8E-8TEALINO.-A man named McDermot. aluu Cameron, was arrested at Woololoo on the 30th May for stealing a horee at Kyneton, and brought to Adelaide. He will be conveyed to Mount Remarkable to-day to take his trial. Destitution in Geelono.-Wc extract the fol lowing from a Melbourne paper of June 8 -—'At me conclusion or the Police Court business at Geelong, on Monday, 21 women (with 11 children, mostly infants in arras) and an old man obtained 2s. each as pecuniary relief from the poor-box ' The Lady DALY.-The Pastoral Times of June 4th says:— 'This steamer, which has been long expected, arrived here on Monday evening with a full cargo of wheat, flour, rice, ale, bulk spirits, and bottled beer— a large portion of which she left here at Goldbrough's stores, and proceeded up the river on Thursday, with tools and provisions for the snagging party at Tocumwal. She struck a snag near Moama, and was delayed two hours. Captain Mace reports heavy floods on the Darling, and the River Murray, as being very low. The Riverine is expected from Wahgunyah to-morrow.' CORONER'S INQUEST.-On Saturday afternoon, June 11, the Coroner held an inquest at the Odd- fellows' Arms, Bowden, on the body of James Devine, who had been found dead at an early hour that morning on the side of a roadway about 40 yards from the public-house named. At 2 p.m. there was a full attendance of persons summoned, and Mr. James Gibson was chosen foreman of the Jury. The body having been viewed by the Coroner and Jury the following depositions were taken.- John Barry, of Bowden, labourer, had long known deceased, and saw him alive very recently. At 10 minutes past 6 in the morning of that day (the 11th) as deponent was going to his work on the Railway, he saw deceased on one side of the main road about 40 yards from the Odd- fellows' Arms. His feet were on the road, but his face was in his hat on the ground beside the road. He was lying on his side; but his face was turned downward, his nose and mouth being within his hat. Deponent approached and touched him, and finding he was quite dead, called a man living in the nearest house. A little blood had come out of his mouth, but there were no signs of struggling. Deponent saw him alive recently, but could not say it was on the previous day. Had known him for 10 years or more. He was not a teetotaller, but deponent never knew him the worse for drink. He could always walk and talk. Deceased was a striker at the blacksmith's shop on the North Railway Line. When the body was found, some blood had flowed into his hat. Orlando Courtenay Thomas, of Bowden, carpenter, was well acquainted with deceased, and in his company on the previous night at the Oddfellows' Arms. Thomas Sykes accompanied them to the public-house about a quarter-past 9. All three remained till 10 minutes to 11, when deponent went home, leaving deceased and Thomas Sykes. Deceased was not quite sober. It could be seen that he had been drinking. He was boasting of his health, and appeared quite well. He said he never had a day's sickness in his life. Deponent believed deceased was 64 years old last March. Never saw him the worse for liquor but once. When deponent left Mr. Sykes was sober. He had not been quarrelling with deceased. They were all on the most friendly terms. Deceased was "a stout-set hearty man." Thomas Sykes, of Brompton, labourer, had known deceased for the last seven years. Met him on the evening pre- vious to his death at the house of Mr. Thomas (the previous witness). On coming out of the house deceased persuaded them to accom- pany him to the Oddfellows' Arms, and there invited them to take nobblers. De- ceased and deponent remained till 11 o'clock, or five minutes after. Thomas had left a few minutes before. Deceased drank rum. He had three nobblers, and part of the last nobbler ordered for Thomas. Deceased was not drunk. He did not appear the worse for drink, but offered to see deponent home. Deponent replied, "Only show me where Gould's store is, and I shall know my way." The place where the body of deceased was found was not on the way from where he left deponent to his own house, but quite the reverse. While deceased was at the Oddfellows' Arms he appeared quite well, and having asked for some- thing to eat, the landlady brought some pork pie, from which he made a hearty supper. Deponent and deceased left the house together. Jas. Worrell, of Bowden, landlord of the Oddfellows' Arms, knew deceased well. He was at the Oddfellows' Arms on the previous night. He came between 9 and 10 o clock. There was nothing amiss with him then. Three or four nobblers were all he had to drink and he was not much the worse for drink when he went away. After this witness had retired, the Coroner put some questions respectinjt him, and was informed by more than one of the Jury in reply, that he (the landlord) was very strict in point of hours, ana wouid not serve a tipsy man. Ellen Stephens, of Bowden, deposed to the effect follow- ing :-Deceased is my stepfather. He left home at a quarter past 6 last evening. I did not see him again until this morning, when I was called to see his body in the road. Before he left his home he made a hearty tea, and was quite sober when he went away. I never knew him have an apoplectic fit. William Lane, of Hindmarsh, surgeon, who had been in attendance during the examinations of witnesses, was then directed by the Coroner to make a post-mortem examination; at the conclusion of which Mr. Lane deposed as follows:- 1 am a legally-qualifled medical practioner. I have made a post-mortem examination of deceased. There are no marks of violence on the body, which is quite free from any such. On opening the head I found an immense extravasation of blood on the brain, beneath the dura mater. There can be no doubt as to the cause of death. The ex- travasation produced apoplexy, which was the cause of death. I had known deceased some years and thought him disposed to apoplexy. He had a short neck, and was a thickset man, of short stature, predisposed to apoplexy. I never knew him as a hard-drinking man, and have no doubt he died of apoplexy. The Jury, without hesita- tion, returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony. The Coroner, having directed the attendance of Mr. Worrell, the landlord, thus addressed him:-'I have learned from the Jury that you are neither in the habit of keeping open your house at unlawful hours, nor disposed to serve drink to persons in state of intoxication; but I take the occasion to state that should I be called to hold any similar inquest in future, and find from the evidence that a landlord had kept open his house at unlawful hours, and supplied drink to a person already intoxicated, I shall feel it my duty to instruct the Jury to return a verdict of manslaughter." Tho district constable attended to deliver up a watch a purse containing 18s. 6d. insUvur, a pair of spec tacles, and one or two other articles found on the body of deceased, which articles he was directed to hand over to the friends of deceased, together with theCoroner's warrant for the interment of the body. The Torrens Testimonial. - Prom letters published in another part of this paper it will bo seen that Mr. Torrens, the author and initiator of theReol Property Act, now in such successful and beneficial operation, declines to receive auy pecuniary or valuable recognition of his services which does not emanate from the Legislature of the colony. ;?,? Patkst Explosive Compound, ob Powdkb. On Saturday, the 11th instant, the patent explosive compound, or new blasting-powder, was nracticallv ? . ? , ™ '.wfoitnu: ui a, numuer oi gentlemen by a genes of experiment at the Glen Ojmonc Stone Quarries In the first trial a hole of th. usual depth and diameter was bored in solid stone and a quantity of the compound placed in It, th, hole being filled up in the ordinary way. The fuse having been applied, a small stream ol smoke ascended, and in a few seconds a masi of stone, probably weighing thres or four tons, was displaced, with little or no smoke, or danger from the fragments. Bimilai Success attended most of the other experiments, a hough in one or two instances, owing, it wlu alleged to the soft and clayey nature of the material blasted, the experiments were not so sue cessful. The quarrymen and gentlemen practlcallj acquainted with blasting expressed thcinselvei fully satisfied with the afternoon's experiments. It may be stated that the new powder, although fS!Z?*bmXmaVita- cbar8e- 'rtUieUleu Osmond 8tone Quarries, yet, when in a loose and unguarded state, Uttle dangerneed be apprehended, for when igrited it but slowly burns away with sparkling combustion, and is readily extinguished by water. An experiment of this nature, made at the quarries, resulted as stated. One difference between the new and ordinary powder is that tha new compound, weight for weight with the com mon powder, will do one-third more work, or, aa tested in the quarries, three pounds of the new are equal to four pounds of the common powder. The proprietors are of opinion that the new com pound can be sold at 6Jd. per pound in Adelaide. Patbot- Broadcast Bownro MAnnai-Mr; J. H. Adamson, of Kapunda, has invented, patented, and made some new broadcast sowing machines, one of which on Saturday, the Uth Inst. we had an opportunity of seeing in operation at tha farm of Mr. Badman, near the Goodwood-road. The machine, which is about four feet in height, is usually drawn by one horse, but provision has been made for attaching to it a set of harrows, in which case two horses are required. Immediately behind the horse is a trough of about 13 feet in length and one in width, which is divided into a number of imall compartments into which the seed is de* posited. These divisions in the trough were made in order to prevent the seed shifting from end to end when sowing an nnlerel surface. Under neath the trough is a zinc roller perforated with boles, and of a corresponding length. When the machine is in motion the seed passes through the revolving roller, and, dropping in equal quantities upon a long narrow slip of deal, is thus uniformly ipread over a surface the entire breadth of the nachine— 13 feet The driver can either sit or ralk, and a powerful draught horse, when th8 larrows are not used hi conjunction with the nachine, performs the work with ease. By means if a series of small cogwheels the motive power la lommunicated to the zinc roller, which is put in or iut of gear at the pleasure of the operator. We rust this useful machine may prove of eminent service to me agriculturist in expediting lannuig operations and economizing labour. Lubus Natoeje.— A curious freak of nature was brought to our office on Saturday. It was one of 13 pigs littered by a fine sow, the property of Mr. William Mitchell, poundkeeper, Peachey Belt, on the previous Wednesday night It appeared perfe:t in every respect with the exception that there were no eyes, nose, nor mouth— the head being nothing else but a round lump of flesh with two ears attached to it The animal was alive when discovered on the Thursday morning, but. shortly afterwards expired. Enfield Rifle Superseded.— The annexed item of intelligence is token from The Cambrian (Swansea) of April 8:-'The Enfield rifle is to ba superseded. From an order received lost week at Woolwich it appears that the War Department have at length decided on introducing the Whit worth rifle as the future aim of the service. A large number of the rifles have been manufactured ana itored at Woolwich, in the Royal Arsenal, for liatribution. The whole of the line regimenta low stationed at Aldershot are ordered to be sup-i ? -lied forthwith. '/«'??':'?' 