EUROPEAN MISCELLANY. (From the Hcrald'a London Correepondont.j London, 30th October, 1803. BIu. t/iii'.n, the eminent ubipbullder of 'screw rame,' and Alatamiicelobritv, has delivered an able address to the, Volunteers of liiibtnhead on the subject of our national dtitEots. Having eat for two or three houis a day for two or three deji a week during two ti'SsioBB uf Parliament on a committee Bpfoirjlcd to inquire into the mortie of lha Aimstrong guo, the bon. member has a right to Bpeak with lomc ouiuurit^i mm uiid ih iuo ouuuiuhiuu uij *«nu us auivfe:— '? 1 V8o tallftiud that procifoally £2,500,000 hud been fjiout on that gun, and that we bad not got value for our mtioev.' Be thought the. appointment of Sir W. AitMtiofcg as Ecgiceer-in-Chicf of UiOed Ordnance dttri mtntol to tbe public service, inasmuch as it excluded from coojijilllion encii men aa V- Litwoilb, Blnkol£-y, and otberp, vboic iovcntioDS havo dune much fur the tctentific develop ment of guns. Bo quoted Mr. Whlffin, the Acoountant GtLttal, lo prove that bad thy weik dune by the Ktawick 0idijai.uo Ccmpnoy (Sii W. AimstroDg's firuj) beeu done at Ihe Woolwioh gun factory, the cnuntry would have paved £246 000 on as expenditure of £600,000, and he sake, ' What would bavo been the saving on an expenditure of £t,C0D,D06 i Be alto quoted tho evidence of the Ouko of fcumereet to show thai tUo old CS-uouudor, at a short lacge, is more powerful, and elrites a harder blow than on Aimsttosg 100-powdtr. With regard to ehfp», Mr. Laird pifcleiB the cupola system of Reed and Cole to the ' broad ndte' snd iHmente that duiing the last three years we FL-tst CD tlipB which am Dot up to the mmk no lesa than li om £30,(00,000 to 133 000,0011 ! Ho expressed hiuBeU in iuvour of tncuuraging the construction of tbfpB in private dotkjBrde, but rcgaida the mtintenanco of Govermuont dockjarda fur the same purpose as indispensable. He u ado to tllutlcin to a eut.jcot on wbfeu the public would bavo Jibed tome information— viz., the detention by Gotahnient of the otlelratcd steam rams, though he rileirtd to Uie AlaUima wilhnut lovorve, »nd bocrmd dtcidtdly proud that his firm bud turned out fcuch a foriuidable cruicsr for lha Con ti derate Stotee. Onptaiu Ingkfiold, on the part ofGovtrcment, baa taken possession of both rams with on aimed fuion. h'.e officers wearing aido-arms, end marinea currjiUK liSes, and Meanrs. Laltd have protested Bgalnet the uiccfcdirg. Uisteiicns, the well -known writer in tho 2 imes, alleged tn a letter the other day thit the real reason ot the recent wilbdrawal of Mi. Mason, the Confederate ConimfeC'ioner, was to waive inquiry relative to the rams. Mr. Liudtay, M.P., coutradiots thin. lie sajs— ' Evory perron conversant wilh the tone of publio eentiment fa the Southern States niu6t be aware that the people there have been very indignant hi ibe itfueal of her MsjeBty's Govern moot to have any relations, clliclalor oiherwiee, with Mr. Mufcn, niid wero clamorous, through the l'rcss, for tho tor mtnatioii ol his mission. To this feeling. President Davis bos at last been obliged to rospond, 88 is shown by the terms of the despatch of recall quoted by Mr. MaBoa in Ms note to Lord llufftll.' BetideB, as Mr. Lindsay aleo remarks, cur Goverumimt bad no official relations with Mr. Maeon, siid if Earl Russell desired any information from him on tlie subject of Ihe rams, be oould atk for it with as much propriety now as when Mr. Mason was residing in London. —Ihe ceremony of la j Ing the foundation stone of an insti tution commemorative of Joseph Wedgwood, whose artisiio (kill in ceramic manufactures has done so muoh to pro mole the welfare of bis native town, as well as raiss its rejutntiOD abroad, took place last Mondby at Burelem. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, who laid the foundation Hone, delivered a highly finished and elaborate address on (be occasion. That such a gifted and fluent speaker should fcavc taken tie pains to commit eo lengthened a ooniposilion to paper is eurpiUisg to those accustomed to observe the marvellous readintE6 find perspicuity with whioli Le bundles any subject the momeDt it is sub mitted to hto consideration. Mr. Gladstone has the laculty of lending a charm to everything ha touches, liven Iho rigid aiilhmetic of his voluminous budgats is tnlivtncd bv his graceful figures of epnecb. and his ohwsto OKQ ClBBtiti tHJUUCJlLC. t wuoyn ??? ^???j *— ?- w—n-»-— - fucilily of cxpretsion which made him place this restriction \- n hie too voluble tongue, for it must be tememborod that hie ircautious candour on a recent occation somewhat corn iromieed his colleagues on tbo American question. On ibiB occabion, however, he entirely avoided politics, leaving (hem toihe (rental handling of the Presideutof tbe Council, Earl Granvillc, who olaimed for our policy towards Den mark Ibe credit of endeavouring to avert n German war. 'J he allueion reminds us that Earl Bueeell has addressei a Kcond deBMlch to the Federal Diet, remonstrating against (he proposed ' execution.' He observes that Denmark would probably reptUe by a blockade, ' and, should the war extend to Eleewig and Jutland, it would bave to be remembered that Austria and Prussia, as well as Great Britain and France, are brand by the treaty e-f 1S52 to respect the integrity snd independence of ltonwrk. Ibis obligation would of course be fulfilled, but n.ightbricg out fresh complications at Frankfort.'— Lord Lamm's punishments for bis foolish offenco against gosd uacners, arid her Waje%t}'e representative in Ireland, are leceimiig excessive. To be struck off the Commiuion of Ihe Peace, laughed at in tbe clubs, and be the subject of a laequitnde in I'mich, are eurely enough for the silly act of deluding (he Lord-Lieutenant from an hotel. These, how ever, ate now capped by tbe not inauptopiiate punishment tf refuting the hotel a license, which' the local magistrates lave juet leeolved on.— On Monday the honorable Mr. lygcn (Coneervative) was elected for West Worcester shire, ia tie loom of Jib brother, elevated 1 1 Ihe Peerage. 'Ihe election for Oxford city is expected next week. Mr. Keate (Literal) is the only candidate as yet. The contest for Windsor between Captain Hdjter (Xlberal) and Colonel Vjee (Coneervative) is expected to be a very dofo occ. There is a vacancy for Andover, in oon Fiquencecflhe death of Mr. W, Cabitt, who twice filled the effice of Lord Mayor of London, and who, two years i p o nnEUCccSEfuily contested the representation of the city in the Conservative interest.— By the demise of Lord Ljcdhurst, a pension of £-5000 per annum reverts to the 1 ublic, that beirg the stipend which tbe late peer enjoyed i* one of tbe Jive (x-Lord Chancellors, wbo divide! between tt(m£26O0O ajesr. 'Ihe turviving ex- Chancellors aro I crd Biongbem, cged S5 ; Lord St. Leonards, 82; Lord CiBEWorlb, 73 ; and Lord Cheiuisford, 69.— The Empress of the French has paid her long-expected visit to the Queen of S pain and been cordially receive! at Madrid, The Mcmkv.r eajf, 'The visit cf the Empress is tiecticed, both in the preBent asd in the future, to txtrciee a happy influence U[oa the relations «tich unite France and Spain.' Tbe Polish insnrgonti have sustained some tevera repulses. Arrests take nlacs daily acd wholesale, and the Muscovite Government eeem detirmiccd toauth out the insurrections at any cost. The King of the Greeks has cmbaikcd at Toulon for Athens, and is expected with much impatience by his new eubjeots. —The Archduke Maximilian hesitates to accept the trouble Ecme Crown of Mexico. Tbe guarantees which he re quired are not forthcoming, it is supposed, sad rumour Koee to the effect that Napoleon III. will cut the Gordian knot by annexing Mexico to the French empire. A depnta licn from Mexico kissed the foot of their new dictator, at the luiletiee, on Saturday, and presented him with a vote of thanks from Ihe junta of notables, in a box cf silver, 'of delicate workmanship ' — typical, we suppose, oi imperial dealirge, Saturday, 7eh November. Guy Favkes' Way— by the Emperor in person. Dealing first with the internal condition of France, Napoleon III. dwelt vilh eatifcfneiion ou tbe numerous evidences of pros perity, eulogised (he commercial treaty witb JBcflund, and i ceiled tbe various improvements, past and to come. He pointed cut that the wars in Cochin China and Mexico had teen brought to an iesue without recourse to extraordinary means of raicitg money. Ae regards Mexico, the Emperor locks to be rclmbnrecd ' when Ibe destinies of that country shell have bun entrusted t-t a Prince whsso qualities render him wo l thy of eo high a mission.' The main point of in terest in the speech was, however, the Polish question. The Emperor briefly referred to the negotiations which had taken place, and explained that the case was not one in which Franco could act alone. The refusal of Russia to listen to the remonstrances of France, England, and Austria, had put an end to negotiations; bat ia the Emf tror'e opinion there was still a plan by which tbose Powers may escape from the alternatives of doubtful war or icglorions silence. This plan he explained to be a European Congress, in which the Great Powers might die cues cot only lie Polish question, but many otder knotty points which trouble the repose or threaten the paaca of Europe. In support of this proposal, the Emperor declared (bat (he treaties of 1615 were at an end, having been broken by France, evaded by Germany, 'generously waived' by England in regard to the protectorate of the Ionian Islands, and trampled under foot by Russia. What then, he asked, could be more opportune than a new Con gress, which thocld examine and remove the cansos of dis quietude now operating throughout the continent : Not withstanding the threat at the end of it, the Emperor's ttcech Ib generally received as pacific. With the exception uf this address, the Continental news possesses very iittle interest. The Spanish Cortes was also opened on the 6th instant, and the Queen ia her speech statas that friendly relations continue with foreign nations, and that the preject of constitutional raforai is definitely resolved upon. The- Grand Duke Constantino tas been removed from bis position as Governor of Poland, ond fs replaced by General Berg. A large body of Polish insurgents have been compelled to lay down their arms, »nd altogether things look 111 for the national cause. Pil lage, executions, deportation to Siberia are Btill carried on without intermission. The young King of the Grcoks has arrived among Mb subjects and met with an onthuBfastfo reception. The loniane, however, are now exhibiting symp toms of remorse for their impatience of tho British pro tectorate. The; are beginning to find that a contribution of £10,000 a year to King George I., and the payment of a considerable enra to us for what we have expended on certain fortifications, are a large price for the blessings of a united Greece, an empty ex chequer, and a doubtful future. — At home, everything Lbb yielded an interest to a scandal in high life, which it Is expected will soon occupy ibe attention of tlie Divorce Court. The subject is discussed with great gueto in the clubs, cliques, and ooteries of this 'little village.' The high position of the noble Lord who is to occupy the place of defendant on the oooaiton restrained for a time the London papers from mentioning nia name, but when we were told that be was verging on his 80th year, a statesman known, retpected, and perhaps feared, all over Europe, and who tad fjlled the moat important political offices Sn the oountty for half a century, it wai evident that Viscount Falmeratos, K.G., was the man. The lady, we are told, fa (he wife of a Preiby terten clergyman. It was rumoured (bat the noble defendant had offered to compromise the aotion, but ? Mr, Wells, tie solicitor to the petitioners, i Jttlir (o ihe ifmiing Star, denies ttmt there Ii any foundation for the Haiiment, Articles on the » scandal ' .fa&ve; appeared in- tho Jelefirapli, Sla), and Standard, (ltd the inner les tlieile-d trviu Ur Iloreloy, who, as lullcitor lo -hft lef-ptiDdmt (tho wife), ppoaks very clipi'iti merely cf 'Mr. We-lln,' the attorney on tho other tide, oe a tierton « ho ad venues 'relief to (hceruberroEsed,' i:iid alto tliat bo conclude '? divines cases coLtideuUulIy.' Mr. Hwiiltv tjculii. of tho nfl'Hir nsiruuipedup by thouuB lirjt), v. bo, h« kuj t , eo far from being a minister, ie in (be trrvUe cf i Mi Wetlon, partner to tbe utoreeaid Wi'lls, We lofG 1-mI l.o)»vo frj«t Lord l'Bltuereton vill come liiuHjiriiriii!}' rat cf thio nff.iir. In the meanwhile, it does i ol Him to trouble bis lordship much, for we cee amongst the fublonuLIc intelligence! ilmt ' Lord and Lady Fehner EK-n are eijieTltiiuiup n telret circle at BrondlondB.'— The Prince end Viiictie Chrietinit ot Denmark bave at length luken furettell uf ibe Uueeu, and are now on their way tunic— 1 ho Crown Prince Mid Pritces' of Frui-tiu are on a viirl lo (lie Prince btd riicceit at Wales, at S&cdrfag-; hutii- glnr!, enough, no doulii, to (iet avtfty froue tbo (urruoll ol tbi- I'luetinu cleclioue, which, LS' 'he way, havo given ths Cenblitulipool pmty tin immeEso tiinjorlly. TtB Winfisor election wea fiiipbt en Wednesday, when Co)iiK-l \\\to, the CrcteiVHilve condirlale, triunjphcei by t- nipjoifty of more than fifly over Cuptaiu. linylor. Mr. Niuie (Liberiil), bait ttfn eleoud to-day, unopposed, turlbe Cily olOxloid— Among tlie fooii.l topics the die ticFBin Lurjcatliire occupies a irrnimct plnco. Wo mo glad lobe aUo to wiilo tbnt it is etoedily UiBjenlng, tho dectcUEe thin wcekbiiog 1255 pinoue. This loaves a total of l-crFcBf d-BrjiniUe ebout three fuld tho number uf the tniMi vreek in 1S61. When we compare it with last year, btjv ever, the tctBH ie lets rminiul, einco the oompartsom tbouy tbnl litiui-tjifm has declined one-half since tho first wiek inIVoveUibtr, 1S67. 7 he Central Holier Fund still potKtut tbo laigo balance of £201,4GG in baud.— During iho jiiei n-uk we have hud mott tempestuous weather, gale r.flcr gxle succeeding emh other wilh increoetd ^i'lc~cc. Hnjipily, although cotislderablo damogobae been cieae to Iho iljifplog, tbe casualties aro not so- many, nr so teiioun ob might bave l«n uspecU?d. By Ihe way, Mr. Eofllm, the Liverpool Slipendiary JMafit-trrifp, has jui-t gJvtn life airard rsepecliug tfae leer cf tbe eleorotr Pectolus a Fhort (lmo since off Cape Sablti. He mfjiendod the cuptaln'e certificate for nine n.ouibe en tho Riciunds that if the lend hud been used more frequently the dirnster would tot have occurroa. In the AicxB&riia; enre, thu judt-8 hove uude an order which will erjnble the Crown to appeal ngainst the decifioE of the jury in tbo catc— AmoBg lUe 'fuys' paraded in London on the 6ib, were n Pole, rtpreEHiting llberiy, Binding over a JuiEbiun bec-r ; and another rcprteectiug liberty frn(crni«itig uiih asrgro Have.— It in rumoured that Kir Hugh Koso has rchigucd the oDKUiand of the Indi«n army, end that the Irith Eecrelmyohip will be given, on tho re'Bignatiori of Sir 1 ol ert Tcel, to Lurd Duukellin, eon of the Marquis of CkiLviouide. It is intimated that it was the hope of such an appointment that caused tho outburst uf loyplly towards the lrieh Vicoroy on tho part of Ihe noble maiquis. in reference to the outrage instigated ty Lend Leiljini, at ibe hole] at Maam. Tho Arohbiehoprio of Dublin bao been effered to Dr. 'I rench, Denn of West niinfler. The Bank rate of diecount has been raised twice thif wttt, n'rbt from 4 to 6 per cent, ond (hen from 6toG. M. IBIondin, it is said, baa depoezded from his pride of i.lsce. atd entered into partnership with a wine merchant in Oxford ; atcl we may add, as a significant indication of the gciog uown of what are called ' eentational amuosmenls ' u thu public estimation, Itat «hireaB I&Et; jear ttedirootors of ibe Cijelal Pelocfc ^aid Bloudin £100 for eaoh of his per teimcrecB, in the |irt-6ctt year, when ho has exhibited once iv twice, hie fee has only been £10. Saturday, llth November. There fcavo tec-n three Cabinet mettiiigs this n;eek, and vilbi.ui lnowisg what pnfEed at them, it is not dilBcnll to p ui B» the chief bueirjceo dif cu'Bcd. Bel'cto the Cabinet lay, to coubt. tbe ietier of the Enwercr cf the French, piro tct;rg a Euiopean Curgtece, in termB at once vague and [ di«3uiclicg. Hot lhat cur Ministers ewn bavo felt any J ulaitn, for they know ibat Napoleon III. is not prepared for ner, though ihtv know aUo Ibat the bum of preparation { it heeid (hrtugblut the Empire. Still, tbe desire of our J neighbour for certain tcnitonal changes is r matter beyoud ' dfrpute, t.ii loth hie late speech and letter point to the - alternative of change or war- Not having fully matured ' hie plans, and feeling the Leccwify of keeping himself I before Uib French ptpjjlo. he prof ores a CoDgraes. If it ' \icre agreed to, he would probably gain hia objects without ' drawing tbe moid. If th6 proposition be not accepted, - then be credits fceforthacd the Powers rcfuEing with ' prcjculs that will not bear the light of day. If It bo \ ucceplcd by ell, and ends in OiviBion?, it will tell him en vhom he cen rely. If it be accepted by eome : he will Know that the egreoicg Powers are well disposed ' toward* him. In some \rsy cr other te will reap an advan- ] tcge. Eboald he be altogeiher itolatea the poople will rally ! leatd Lim. Ihcrc is little doubt that the British Cabinet vvillHJcct the idea of a Congress, and it ie equally certain ibat l)ibl!i-liar» Government vsillagrco to it, for its hands ere tied ly the liberator (?) cf Italy. A Congress, in truth, meant the invettigation of cumberlcte troubletomo ques liens. Theic is tbe Eatttrn quettion— ihere 16 ihe Danish '. qiiCi'icu— tbe Ehito boundary questioD— the Polish ques lion— Ihe Yenctitin question— any one of which would ' fufliee to set Europe by the ears for some time to como. Looking at all these things, it ie probable that our Govern rccnt, if it do not refuse point-blank at the outset, will re- ' qtiat Ibe Emperor to etute more diitinctly what be means. ? Many well-informed persons believe that he means ' war, end that this scheme of a Congress ie only a device ' to gain time for preparation, Wcanirliile the infatuated Kicg cf Prnesia, regmdlces of his danger within and ' wiihout, is furtuiDg his euicidal policy. Tae tone ot King William's speech on tho opening of the Chambers is in the imperative meed. ' I have scare, not alone for the interior welfare, but aleo for Ihe exterior eeoority of the St*te, and 1 rtuil b6 able to reckon on your co-operation in both if tpects.' 1 here will do doubt bo a determined resistance en tbe port cf tfce cosetitnliosal dopntiee, acd the Kicg u,uft ultimately either yield or abdicate, unless same great iHiil to ihe country BriEee. Such an event Is quite on the erne's, end coEstitutiocalism ma; find its salvation lathe outward dangers of tlie kingdom, Ihe Polish revolution continues to exhibit the same determination lo rosist on the I art of the insurgents ; and the eamc receive, on the part of the Muscovites, lo exterminate tho oeopls lather than (OeeibI to alacdon their claim on Poluid. Tbosupsr ccfEion of the Gracd Duke Cocstantine has been carried itto efftct. as hie rule wbb deemed too lenient. General bug aciuiues the direction of nff*ii'6. end has already issued ec me stringent oiders wiih a view to the tuppreesion of the rtvolr. Tbe Belgian Chambers were opened, on Tuesday, I j Kicg Leopold, who deEiribed the state of the country as fiiwithitg aLd prosperous. Ihe lung of Italy baa been ruuiiicg a joujxey through a portion ol his kingdom. In lis (Jicgras ficni Tuiin to Naples, he was every where received wilh great enthueiaem. — Turning to borne affair?, we must first refer to the Lcrd Major's Show, which paraded the streets tf London on Mocday, It wan much the same as utuul, (bough with lees of the Batty Circus nonsensical ele irjent. As ihe weather was fine, tbe effair patted off agree ably to all parties. As for the dinner, a bctler enlertain rijttt has not been provided in the Guildhall for the laot twenty jeaie. When tfce new Lord Mayor was presented lo the Lord Chief Justice, the Common Sergeant, at tbe c!oee of ibe usual speech, (tas eignitkantly alluded to the {?light put on the retiring chief magistrate by the Govern ment. ?? He retired into comparative privacy— not, as was umveietiliy expected, wilh theso peculiar bucours which it was the privilege of the Crown to confer-but with areward better tbsn tillfe or dignities, the approval of his own oon teience tnd the ar plauee of hie fellow-citizens.' The Lord Chief Justice, on ihe ether hotel, concluded his observa nces by 'securing the teiiring Lord Mayor of his regret that precedents should have etood in tho way of bis receiving thoee honours which ho should have Ice-n pIc-SEed to have seen conferred.' Whit irera the pre cedents .- The precedents were ail in favour of making AWern-an Eoeo a btrcnet, The Ptince of Wales achieved Lis uiojorily on the day the late Lord Moycr took his seat in Iho civic chair, and the marriage uf tho Prince occurred curing the mayoralty of Mr. Eo-e. The fact of the case is thtt ilr Alderman Rose writes Ml', for his name, and eits en the Opposition tide of the House, fur Southampton, where he replaced the 'Whig, Mr. Weguelin.— Toe Glasgow Ematcipation Society lately sent a luemprial to Earl Bus cell, regaidiugarj iron steamer building in the Clyde, and, us is believed, intended for tbe Southern Confederacy. His loidtbip bos since acknowledged receipt of this cominunioa tion, and annonnced that the attention cf Government had already been drawn to Ihe matter. If these emancipation iocieties aro to tricg under the Foreign Secretary's notice every vessel which tb6ir frightened iruagicatioas lead them to believe is a Confederate chip of war, bis lordship will nave plenty of woik on his liande. Tho oaee of the Aksclmdi (twill come on tor argument in tbe Court cl Ex chequer on Tuesday, when cause will be ehown by the defendants against the rule for » new trial.— An iiem of niilitnty intelligence eots to tho tflVct that four regiments of Ihe lino aro to be sent from India lo Hew ZeiUud, and ibatan tergal number are logo from EDgkud to India, to tupply the placo of those sent to aid GjecisI Cameron in hie struf glu with tho Maories, While on militery etilijsots, we may uicnlion that a report is current that Sir Klchard Airey is about to leave the Horeo Guards In order to replace Sir Fcnwlck Williarca as Commander of Ihe Forces in Canada ; and that Geteral Eyre will become- Quarter ruEafer- General. By the way, tie Crawley Comt Mwlial, which is just coming oil' at Alderehott, has already c)bt tbo country £00,000, and a Urge further sum will have to be extended over Oil's very ugly business.— The tnctro liolilcn public has been puzzled for (he lust two or three ireeis ly fidveriiftinpnle and placards wlcich eimplv ran thus:— Mrs. Zirriiia-'t Lodgings, and Kiddk-a-Winl;. The m\etcry is explained by the statement lhat tho former in the t!(Io of the Christmas nurolsr of Didtens's All the i 'ear ltcrui, and the latter of the like isaneof the Comic Xcin. The ' Great Ghost' has at last made its appear ance in Chancery. Profepsor Pepper, ft Beeme, grmted leave to Mr. Heath, of the Liverpool Theatre, to produca hie ftr-famed 'ghost' nightly. In afaw dayB Mr. Mvera, betier known by hia self-applied fliminutivo, 'Jom Uvere,' tho proprietor of a travelling circuB, also brought out a ' shot 1.' Tbe allegation is that Mr. Mjera bus uu lawfully niEdeusa of ProfesEOr Topper's patent, and Vice CbariceJlor Wood on that has granted an lojunolion until the caee can bo argued. Saturday, 21st November. The death of Frederiok VII, of Denmark has caused a great commotion In the political voild, and may giva rise to a war of euooMBlon. Frederick VII. ie no soonar deaa, and hia rightful successor, ChriBtian IX.,— futberof (ha Prisceesof WaleB, and of the King of the Hellenes— not only to Denmark proper, but to the Duohias, ban eoaroely been seated on tho throne, than np starts & pretender. Frederick, Duke of Auguetenberg, deolsrw '.ouneelt Dak« itipport. Tbe eubjeot is not wf (trout interest; for It mar bill K en a European war. The Danfch monarchy oonewta i,l LHEtDBik proper nod the Uuchiee of Stbleavt^ Hoi itefc, ttd Laocnberf. It eo baf penrd (bat bad the order ft *uree«Ion been cibaervcd, tho imgtlom, on tho death of Ihe Jslo kirc, would hnvo betn split up into fragments, for ruddied VII uniled in his peison. the tHle to the whole luoiniiliv, but being the lost male of tbut lino, when ho i:Si-i viilout utue it wo» fortsctn (hat iliere would ba ono (lhimont to the uown of Denmark, and other clnltuanta to tbo Duihiee. In IMP, accordingly, Kredonck buc cicdtd in obtainirig tie (igcotures of the Ministers of Autliiu. Fiance, Grrat Britain, Euteia, acd Sweden, to a iraloctl, ilbchimg that ihe maislenuLce of the Danish iMBmchy in Us inHgrity wbb a necessity for Europe at lmgc, tnd of grtet imporlaocei for thepresf rvation of jjraco. ii.d, further, thty acknowledged the expediency of jegu )itnpihucifierolfuceiftion,fO»Bto accoDiplleh (hat end. 1j; 1 bfil, lie C^ir fiavcj up bis lightu cf tmcawion in favour cfTiiuco Cbiitlian, cow Chiisllun IX. The reason fur i-diii.ik R this Prince eciroslohBve been, not only because le we. nee* (tcpofeibloHJCceoeirrs, but because hiswifo, l-rirceii Louiic, waa (ho daughter of one of tbe heirs to the DbLithCronn. The next ttep In Iho bueicett wastbotrcsty eil Lctdon, It will be obeeivod that Bus^ia did noteijja Ihff lroltccl of lbBO. Shu favoured the clnims of Prlnoe Aii/iiittinUrif, ntd witiMd to dntach tl»u whole of H-!t«-in acd Uuenberg, end Iho southern part ofSchloswIg litm DetniSik. Geiiuiiay nanteft fleet, ar-d Kiel is the L-orUut eovtttd fur ll.ii- flctt. But IhelalB Emporor of Huttio neicieed uLbe-utded iLfiuence over the (uen K-ing cf Piuen'a, e»d when WicbolaB declared in favour of Prinoa I ljiiitinn, TiUFtia pave way. Then the TraHty of 1852 wi.s lifiiid bj Ibo Git-ut Powerf, ocd l.y Snodcnond Den i.mif, Mi mob tcccded to later on by Htmover, Wlrtom be ir-. Snxcny, Eleotcral HcfEe, Oldenburg, Hollund, Bol fSt/in, tiairj, Portugcl, Greece, and the piincos of Italy. i'Bvpiin liedcr, Utsse l.lariasladt, Soie- Weimar, and Stxe-Gciba, on the other hand, held aloof. Thus lha DejC'iiivof (he St&lsa; of Europe recognised a document ttl'i.h YrcvltUd for tlie iiikjiritj-of tho Doiiieh monarcty, Itj Dta&Ur;, 1S52, the Pukei of August) Luc-rg eolerrxly r- i in r id Lis rights to all IiIh pcsseteioUB, and reoeived £4CO,CtOin corutepeaiien. Tict in face of this, we now flue; thtrlukc'B tonttjlltg nircedf Duke of BchlwwisEol mfr, 9tdn,tiEgibo«id of Iho German Diet- Hewoolrea tic tpen futpoit of Ssie-Golba, end one or two oiker little Luchiip, and BEden is goiug to pload hia cauBo «t Fiii&lifoit.; Anineurrse:tion isexptcitdin Huleteia, and tbie mav lead to intervention on the part -.f Germany. 6ueh ie flic pretest pbane of the Pch)eawigUolBteta,quea tlm. Ae for Ifeiiofccn'e propottd Congiess. it doi-s not rueituiibniucb ncce ptatien. If EogloLd coneente, it will culj be en conditlen that tho Kmp»icr declares bis fnten titue mr.tt explidlly. The prohsbilily ie that tho whole thirp ?«illo- me to rotbinn.— UegaidiBg Pohais there is thj litile Bovclly. WotlciB coiuitue as they havo done tcrrtrtihE. TheintniEenle Hill keep iho field, hut have tufteiiiiedacevcrelofs is tba death cf Czaofcowekl, who, while on his «oy (o vitit hie daughter, wts attacked by the liiiftiuue. t'ceirg (Lai etcupa was IinpoeBible, he resolved to oic rulber (ban eunender. He tnckatouied.to Mow his I ruins cut, but only tucceectd in dangerously wounding fcin.uOf. Ihe BBssians camo up at the camp moment, took him prisoner, and, without refnence lo tho ctate ho was in, oi riid tim to lUdom, which (hey had no cooner reach ed (ban they found that (heir piiaoner had expired. 1 he Quecg shows a continued veneration for tho memory c f the lato Prince. Everything connected with his Boyal Hifbr.ets is regarded wilh the most i&cciionaU; solicitude, OLd her Mnjsttj cow takes the greatest interest in the pro gress if iho royal isaufoloum. She visits the works onoe e r iwico every doy, and anxlouely looks forward to thoir compltticn. the ttill wears mourning, though slight, and ii efiv ormtons arc expreetcd as to whetlicr sho will go oat c! ocurt/iDg on the 14th of rest month.— Tho National f?nlu-.v htia intt rrriiivpd nn &-MUion nf twentv-nino lictures to its collection ef vrorks Ly ihe etrly Flomisli and Sf]riie-n maslera. Twenty-two of tho additional pictures itT icfctiniioBS tlatirg that they we given to the notion py iho Queen, in fulfilment of tha wish of the Ute Piiiioo .'orseiit —Mr. Karvty, of Laisley Psik, Slough, has been Jouclt forward by tlie Conservatives na a cs&di-; iiite' for iho representation of Buckinghamshire, rsraril Ly Ibe elevation of tbe lalo member cf the eerepe us Lcrd Cbepham. No candidate on tho Liberal idei hoe ; ct Bppearcd. The nomination for the election of ?? npieai-tative for Asdovtt fook place r.n Tuesday, tha Low of hiT.de beiDg slightly in favour of the Conservative ntdiclate, Mr. 'Williaro Humphrey. A poll was demanded « behnlf of Mr. J. Hawkthaw, the Liiieral caadMate. ihojollirg, which took place en Wedneeday, resulted in l.'.vour cl lit. Humphrey. — It appears that the Palraerston r.ivorec cccodal has not leen ullowed to drop (juicily out of tiistercc, Lut thit there really ciitts a determination to liing (fjo n-attir into open court, It ie stated thai the ricniier has teen Eetvea with a citation, and that Mr, 1-igby Sejirxur ond Mr. Joyce hnve been re uinen sb counsel for the noble lord.— Tha Cia«lcy Court-martial began Tuctdny mornicg at Aldcithcr, Licutcnant-Geuersl Sir Geojge Wetherell [ictieirg. Cn beirg called upon to plead to il e. two eliargce, Colonel Crnvley claimed that be ought not lo LpciJlcd to tjlcod to charges which were so limited as to prevent Lim frtm gcitg into Ihe subslantial merits of the issp, arjd ibe grcunde for the acts of uhich he is accused, r.td vhiehalfo loft him in ignorance of the undue severity h e-Ltioteci iu Iho first charge. He also read his communi entiorje wiih (to Horee Guards as to an enlargement of the chaigrs. Colonel HorEford, the official proisecutoT, con tended that (ho charges were tuflioient in law; end the Cti.il;, after cortiderlrg, deoidea to proceed. Colonel l-jawlty then pleaded ?' not guilty ' to holh charges. 71c ceso for lie prof ecutisc was then opened, and the Ccurt adjourned. It appears that the relativca of Sergeant najor Lilley applied for a copy of tho charges, and Rtkid leave to be officially repreeetttod at the hiM. Thty sIeo applied that Colonel Crawley iLifelt te tried on the charge of illegally iiimiirg tbe deceased. All these applications were ra ? futtd. The hial is expected to last many days.— The ogtmtnlB in (be Ccurt cf Exchequer in the Alexandra csto premise to ba iLtcrniinablo. Sir II. Cairns has for tL-(c dr;p, on Lihelf of (he claimants of the ship, been ' ihowir K cause ' why the tule obtaiaed by the Attorney GtEcitil ehcu'e! cot be pade absolute. The latter has now (rot the car of ihe Court.— On the Hth of Jennarj' iimi, Mtsfre. Cutetd, Wilton, and Co., of Liverpool, will crier tfce tte&nibhip; Gieat Eattein for sale by nuction, by order of tie ii.ortgageee.— tlr. Boxton, the member for Alaid tictc, h6E given notice ttat on the flrst Tuesday after the n ciliJjg uf Parliamenl he will movo the follovring resolu tienb:— ' 1. 'ihat thU Hcme views Ihe liKrning of the town of Kngoeima by Admiral Kupcr with deep rogret. 2\. Thoflbe burning of (he town was not juelifiud by tbe iiii-tiiieiiete i£tv,ed (o ColcEcl Keole.' Thursday, 2G.h November. The lccciit runouts of ' dieeenslons iu the Cabinet' lave thmed tbe usual falo of thcee stories, which, generally eicptip ebcut this tine. The ilormg Fat of Tuesday, in n eenii-cfncial way, Skys ?— ' Theie is no truth whatever in tto statemest which lice been circulated that Earl Rmsell is nbcut lo resign the Secretaryship for Foreign Affiits.' '1 he Tmcs coctirniB this, We are told in as official a fi.thicn us (be custom of Government will allow, that (he Ei iiith G overcment bave finally determined to take no part ;u the Cotgre-fe proposed by tie Emperor Napoleon. The JHoiiihg J'oit, which is generally believed to receive inspi sutionfrcmtbeFremier, eayB :— 'It is cot without sincere ]re.;;ct that the £cg)i«h Government is about to decline to give its adherence to Ihe proposed European Congress. We ceEr.ot tut feel that tho purpoEC of the Emperor Napoleon vi-t wci! by of admiration, but at the same time it has not I'ppruted to the siateimetc ot this country lhat the mciv-.n I j s hieL ie wiehes lo carry out his projects of pfaco would in utility effect what be Elms at.' Alter pointing out the ciflicultics vihich would beECt thediecuee-ion even at tho very trgicuing-, and which mutt of necessity prove fatal to Buy 1'icctioai icHilie, (he I'ctt concludes by positively KMii £ tbet the Ministers cf a constitutjonal country do cot ktl tleuieelvee justified in advisicg their Sovereign to send Lit irriieseatatives to a meeting which they regard os liiopitt.' If this be the actual state of tbe case, it is ccultful vkether, in Ihe abEence of Great Britain, tho | rthcr treat Powers « ill proceed to deliberation.— Messrs. i Colder, and Bright oddraEed 3000 persons at Kochdale on i TueeeVa cifiht, uud tbe li,r-ts icporls their speeches to the length of til colliers .end a half by telegraph, j lioih llifte gerjtlemen appeared in their old cba- : t.-.cter uf giumbletE— contented with nothing, and ; ner icndy (o LJacitn the country ot iueir liuli. Nr. Cobrlcn took the Foreign departments ; \ tindemced Ihe Fcuib, and declared the war in America to , V.L&n; aiistociatic rebellion against a democratic Govern- i DiEi. Would he interfere then : Not he. He haa a sort . of fsteliel cietd that 'injustice if left to itself works its -: own pucibhment.' How is it (hat Mr. Cobden pureuad the I I xactly cjipofiie course in dealing with the Corn Laws : ! he certainly did cot leave them to therm-elves. When BIr. i Cobden comes to tho quettion of Poland be turns sharp j leuid ncd rebukec England for its dealings with China and ! j«i.st. Kay, ho does not tbitik it too lato to rcmini us ! iliil a cexiury ego we oblaincd poseesdon of Icdis ' by | liKonB which no ErgliehuiBD can look back upsn Kith , mtitfoctior..' Mr. Bright reminds his bearers that ' they ure a putt cf a rjation of paupers. There : aie nlieoily a million of paupers, and he sus- ? picte l«o millions upon the verge of pauperism ; Ue-i.rave » facetious history of the struggles for power, and ; nj sit would be &n; intxpiessible relief to him nevermore ! tn'tinnd od a uiati'orm aud see tbo larco of representation l'ltjed at the Palace of Westminster. — Two strange stariee e.f lijecwe left to dulingtiithed Etateemen are told. One is . to tbe ti'cct that a lady who resided at Torquay, and who ii. juet deed, has left £40,000 an a legacy tu Mr. Disraeli. , The lady, it is added, was in no way related to the right : too. geuOenjan, and wasan entire stranger to him. The ! oiber ftraiRe taleisthatMr. G. Blamire, abarrister, was j eo clicscd with Sir James Graham's conduct in abandoning ; oflice upon principle, that he made his will in tbo baronet's \ favour, Bed left him properly to tbe extent of £40 000. | Mr. Blsmtrc died last eummer, and the will has been ' proved, tut Sir Jbuicb having died two retire ago, the ! legacy lapBCf, and Mr. Blamire' s property will be divided j amongst lie text of kin. , It Bcems there Is to be a contest for the vacancy in the representation of Buckinghamshire, caused by the elevation on the death of bis father of (he Hon. Mr. Cavendish to I the tcersge. Mr. R. B. Harvey, a gentleman of large property and brother-in-law of the Cuke of Buckingham, ormes forward tn the Conservative interest, and Dr. Lie, of Harwell, in redemption of a pledge that he would never cee the Liberals unrepresented In a county election, sollcila their suffrages. With guoa a candidate tho LihandB have 0 very remote chanoe of euocess, and the Boat will ba a gain to Ihe Opposition — The court-martial cn Llautenant Colonel Crawley It etUl progrening, bat bu yet mwr d»f« , of un abundant borvctt lima bj two war nttpf— coo tittirt A by Mr. Herd, thu Chief Conntrunlor of thn Davy, Ibn olbrr procetdirg from tb» mouth o 1 Sir vVilllem irrJflron^B COO-ponDdfr, which w»« fired »t Ehoetinrynrps Iai-t week. Tho tnoneler consumed 70 tba. nf powder for n charge. Ibe carUMge loohlrg like a nmall bilsier. ibcdleoltofthiBRiRatllc piece of orduftoco havo lie jet only I een eprrcxlmniolj- mcertsiBtd, butitsondaa lull ft COG Jbi . ire'ght over t«o raWee, ond it ia CnlcuUtod Him ote cf tbwe nifteilee throwu ugalntt tho etromwst troa-clad would eeni it to the bottom of (lie Sea. Mr. Hcc4 follows to fir tTillfani'd aohieveracnt, by plcdeiop his word, with Blifolute feotleEfneo, ibat we hnve 8 vetsel building which neither lie AlnbfUitt nor tbe Floiida could eilber liopo to e«cepa fptnor contend with ? Tbe orjuraenls inlhecaaoof tha /1:ince'niBroot length tnmiileiid, and (he Ofluti takei Uite lo ccntider juilgueut. 1 ftbe rule for ft nw trial should bo refuted, tbin (brie v-ill tnt bu on end id the oneo, tm ou aipeal will bomedetoa higher Ccitut.— Too Sleswig Hol- He in ijtiCBlii.n terrains vcilhout chnnpe. Most of tba offl t tuls Is thn Uucbin tcluf-s lo tnku tbo oath of nllcclance to Cbrlttii.a VII , acd tlirre would nipeur n probability of an nl4.onl to ormB. The Buke of Auguttenberg ia (idisvrurirg vtry hnrd lo enlist tho support of Pri.min.— Top Kslional Govorcrnent of Polnnrl ban issued a I rntlC'Dctillon denying thai (bo Holes are on Ihe point of ia? lei: down Ihtiraiioc Co do corjlrary, tholnmrgaEts tie iccreiiH'Df; in etrengtli.— NolwlebatanSiog t!:».t tba »^bion of the Icnitn Inlands to Greece has Lotri euuetionod ly nil tie Pcvtre concerned, (he Greeks Ihemse'lve-i are iDukftg ecuie objccliooe to Ihe signature of a formal trwit y. 'l'htx oovo eo cbje'itiea to leceiviDg the Itlaods; but they c I ieet to tbe ditmsntltog of the fonificaticnB cf Corfu. The tlirraontlfng of theceworka has keen insisted on by Emj lauri nud '1 uri:c y. In any ouf e, it would rrquiro £200,000 Id pit them luto on tflcciive etate, and 12 (X'O mt-n to gar iIkh Iberu. It maintaicad, it is oonf-ldmd tbatlh'.y would efl'er n hcif'Uitiun lo aay great Power iu the evoat of a 