CURRENT TOPICS. This is the polling day for thb olectkn for the South Western Province. The Gcclong polling place is at the office of Mr Rix, Ryrie street. , The Circuit Court opens at 10 o'clock this morning. The list of prisoners for trial appears elsewhere. It is not heavy, and the sitting promises to bo a short one. A lecture of unusual interest is an nounced for this evening. It is by Mr W. S. Gibbons, and the subject is—Tiic Magic of Chemistry. Wo perceive that the committee of the institution, taking the, tunes Jn_to consideration, have reduced the admission to sixpence for non members. The annual soiree of the Congregational Church,J McKillop-street, is to be held .his evening. The Revs. J. p. Sunderland (of Melbourne), T. Mclv. Eraser, G. Sladc, A. Sciiles, J. Henderson, and W. P. Wells, will deliver addresses/ .For particulars' we refer to our advertising columns. This is the tenth anniversary of the church, and the first anniversary of the" settlement of the Rev. W. Cuttle, whose labors have been very successful. The church is in a very prosperous condition. The Municipal Council of Newtown and Chitwell meets this evening for the transaction of the following business To consider and order on report of finance committee recommending to "the Couucil the propriety of borrowing the sum of 12000, in accordance with the Act, upon a special rate of Gd in the pound, for the purpose of carrying out the permanent improvements already agreed, to on the Wost Melbourne Road, such sums to be repayable at 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 years, in scms of L500, L400, L300, L400, and 1100, the interest to be at the rate of 8 per cent per annum, payable half-yearly. To accept or otherwise, tenders for con structing stone ford across tho Barwon. It will be seen from advertisement that Dr Heath has definitely decided upon not contesting the election for Geelong East.■ ; .Councillor Wragge, chemist and drug gist, of Collins-street E*st, was elected Mayor of the city of Melbourne for the ensuing year. The proceedings were formal, and the election unanimous. Instruction and amusement were happily blended - in the Shakesperian entertainment given last night at the Grammar Sehooi, and the very full atten dance showed that the general public wore not slow to seize upon the oppnrtui nity. Mr A'Beckett's lecture on England in the time of Shakespere exhibited sighs of careful preparation and a thorough mastery of the subject, such as mi"ht have been expected from the known literary tastes of the lecturer.. The musical part of the proceedings formed a fitting epilogue to the lecture. The ladies and gentlemen who assisted were, if we except Mr Hobday, all non- professional, and ex ceedingjy well did they acquit themselves, presi(led at the pianoforte, and Mr H. B. Moore conducted The Noble-street Wesleyan Church celebrated their seventeenth anniversary on Sunday last. Sermons were preached morning and evening by the Rev J W. Crisp, of Melbourne, and in the afternoon by the Rev Mr Greenwood. Yesterday evening a tea and public meeting was held m the church. Mr George Hitch cock presided, and, after a brief address, called upon the treasurer to read the an nual report, which showed that upwards of L300 had been raised during the year on behalf of the trust fund. Addresses weredelivered by the Revs J. W. Crisp, W. i. Wills, J. Kane, and other gentle men. The united choirs of Chilwell and Newtown, at intervals singing various anthems and pieces of sacred music which tended considerably to enliven the evening's proceedings. Avote ofthanks was presented ; to the ladies for their liberality and the tasteful manner in which the tables were, laid out. The thanks of the meeting were also conveyed through the Rev Mr Wills to" the chair man, and the meeting broke up evidently much gratified with their evening's enjoy ment. . J The promenade concert last night was not so numerously attended as the pro moters of it had anticipated. There were several drawbacks in the shape of other attractions through the town, and the prevailing electioneering excitement not the least of these. The room was, how ever, pretty well .patronised, and if this market he not glutted, the institution of these concerts may be the production1 of pleasure and profit. A "meeting of tho South Barwon Borough Council was held yesterday at Belmont, at which all the members were present, the Mayor, J. Walker Roberts, Esq, m the chair, when ; Councillors Matthews, .Batten, and Fisher, were elected commons managers for the ensuing twelve months. The following motion brought forward by Councillor Firman' was referred to the Public Works Com mittee to bring up a report at the next meeting, ' that drains be cut on each side of the-main Barrabool road commencing ilear „tlle cemetery and leading towards town. .Two deputations were then in troduced to) the council, one from Barra bool, Messrs Hopkins, Piper, and Dwyer members of the Barrabool Road Board! the other from fcbe Conneivarre Board' consisting of Messrs Noble, Urquhart and Palmer. The object of both deputations was to seek amalgamation for the purpose of forming the three districts into a shire. The Barrabool members urged the fol lowing points in favor of the scheme, viz. the abolition of three tolls on their main roads and a somewhat lighter rate at the Barwon bridge, the adoption of a general shilling rate, and having one staff of officers in lieu, as at present, of three, and urging that under these circumstances and the new shire obtaining L2 for every H collected in tho district, the South Barwon district must be benefitted. The collection of rates for the three districts was estimated from Barrabool L1100 from South Barwon L400, and from Con newarre L300, for which Barrabool asked to send six members, leaving the other districts three each. After a lengthy discussion, in which the propositions of the Barrabool Board wero generally re ceived with little favor, the matter was left in statu quo, to be taken up again at any time, should it appear desirable, A iropositionfrom the Connewarrc members o join their district was received more hvorably, and it was arranged to liold'a necting on the 24th instant to more fully liscuss the question. Mr Reeves addressed a largo meeting of ihc.eiectors of East Geeloug last night, at •jouthcy's Hotel. His speech was to a considerable extent a repetition of what lias already been fully reported. The can didate was last - night, however, subjected to a running fire of queries, most of them being pertinent to questions of no little importance at this time. Ho said if the ministry did not fully act up to their pledges with;: respect to Protection he would not give them his support; that he would give the agriculturist an equal amount of protection'with tim maniit'ac tercrthat he considered an import duty of from 10. to 124 per cent a fair pro tective duty, but "would in the first in stance try the lower amount; that he would oppose, the • Yarra Commission Scheme, believing that it was a cover only for making a series of docks for the greater advantage of the importing in terest,to the injury of the country at large; that, if elected, be would move for the appointment of a commission of mem bers of. both houses of the Legislature to inquire into the distress that exists in all parts of the country, and to trace the causes of the same : that the distillation law should bo more liberal; and that he would endeavor to obtaiu an extension of wharfage. accommodation for the port. At the conclusion a vote of confidence in the candidate, moved by Mr Haslani and seconded by Mr M. Treacy, was carried by acclamation. His Worship the Mayor presided. Yesterday's sitting of the Insolvent Court, stands adjourned to Monday next, in1 consequence of the Criminal Sittings commencing to-day. . ■ Our Ballarat correspondent sends ns the following :—The office of the Koh-i- Nour Company was broken into 011 I' nday evening, but beyond a few shillings no thing important was taken away. No doubt the thieves fancied that the tort night's gold, was there—over 2000 ozs, but for their information it may be stated that the gold- is taken to the Bank every day. The National Company, Buninyong, expect breaking through every day, and shareholders are in high glee at their prospects. Some pyrites or tailings, from the claim of the Ballarat Gold Mining Company, Stieglitz, have been analysed here by Professor Able, and he states that they will average 1 oz. 9 dwts. to the ton. The Agricultural Society has altered the days oil which their forthcoming show is to be held to the I9th and 20th of this month. Intending exhibitors would do well to take notice of this. It is to be hoped that the vine growers around Geolong will send plenty of samples of their best wines, as .besides the society's prize, a handsome silver cup, value .£12, will be awarded. Entries must be made on or before the 17th inst. The Bunin yong Co. declared a dividend of 30s a scrip. The Wombat Hill Comp. have obtained 'over 900 ozs for the fortnight and a divi dend of a substantial cbaracter will bo declared on Tuesday next The Nelson Company obtained 91ozs on Saturday, and about 400025 for the week. The Waterloo Company on Saturday got G7 ozs, includ ing two nuggets weighing 25 ozs. The Prince of Wales Company got 517 ozs during the past fortnight, and lia3 de clared a dividend of 10s. The Defiance •Company has now. declared 10s a scrip. The Alston and Weardale Company have only washed about 50 ozs during rlib past week. The Ivoh-i-noor _ Company got 2075 ozs, a magnificent yield, and have declared Ll 15s. The Cosmopolitan Com-, pauv got 270 ozs and declared" 5s. The" yield of the Band of Hope Company could not be ascertained, but Ll 10s a scrip was declared. The Prince of Wales and Albion Companies will be involved in a law case in a few days with Mr McGill, and the proceedings will commence to-day (Mon day)! n the Warden's Court. The Great Extended Company, owing to meeting with an accident, have declared no divi dend. The -British -Company, Lucky Woman's, got about ISO ozs for the week. A call of Ll a share has been made in tho ' Hand-iu-Hand Company. Election matters i still form the topic of conversation. Mr | Lowe is considered perfectly safe for the Upper House. He has an excellent work in" committee, and as Dr Hope has taken ncTsteps whatever to contest the election, it is generally thought that lie has not a j ghost of a chance. Strong efforts are I being made to bring Mr Morton forward for.Ballarat West, and should he consent, there could be no doubt that lie would have a very good chance. Mr Frazer is hard at work addressing the electors in i -the Creswick district, and at all his mcet | ings favourable vote3 have been carried.. I He speaks this week at Glcndaruel, Ascot, and Coghill's Creek. Mr Thomas Cor coran, chairman of the Bungarec Road Hoard, and who is sometimes called the Marquis of Bungaree, lias issued his address to the electors of Ballarat West, i and calculates safely on being returned. I Mr Humffray, Mr Dytc, and Mr Semple, who are also candidates, are quietly ; biding their time. -The requisition to Mr Aspinall for Ballarat East, does not appear to go down, as a local man is preferred by | the majority of the electors. In mining ; matters I neglected to state tliat the fol i lowing sales were effected on Saturday:— i Lucky Company L140, Scottish and ! Cornish L55, Leviathan Company from L22 10s to L23, Nelsons (Ballarat) from L29 to L30, Wombat Hills L51, Essex L110. All rash speculation. has died away, and nothing but legitimate. claims will meet with notice. The number of passengers arrived at the port of Melbourne by sea during the week ending Saturday, October 8th,1 amounted to 092, of which number 346 were from the United Kingdom, 337 from tho neighbouring colonies, and 9 from Calcutta. The first sale of last season's wines, that we have heard of, was made last week by Messrs Castellaand Anderson, of Yering, near Melbourne. The sale was 4000 gal lons, at 4s Gd. Commenting on Mr Michie's retirement from tho Ballarat contest..the .Run re marks: -"He imagines that his abilities ought to cause constituencies to run after, liim, and that his services are priceless. In this he is mistaken." ; Captain Macuiahon lias declined to* oppose Dr Evans for Maryborough. Messrs Piunock, Urquhart and Murphy have beeii nominated for the Eastern Province. • By tho Black Swan, wo have Tasmanian files to Stli instant, but they contain very little nows of interest. Regarding the Bin gal gold-fields, a correspondent of the Hobart Town Mercury writes " I pro mised you iri my last that I would for ward. you all the' particulars I could in reference to this auriferous district.- I do so because I am fully convinced that a remunerative gold-field will yet* be found here. Here is one fact:—Three men now working in the gully I am working in obtaiued in six days 2loz of gold, which was purchased by Mr Robert Carter, at Fingal. I myself-have been'engaged at other work this week three days, but have managed to get enough of the coveted metal to. find rations for the week. It only wants patience and perseverance." • Tho Hobart Town Mercury waxes eloquent oyer late attempts to raise the prico of flour, and denounces more espe cially a letter signed '* J. Friedlander,' which'was palmed off on the Age lasl week as a genuine Californiah epistle, advising the Melbourne folks to rc shij Califomian flour back to San Fran cisco ! Alluding to the consistent coursi adopted by the Mercury during the yeai in fairly estimating the amount of bread stufls available, our contemporary re marks :—" We are no more believers in ; scarcity now than we were then. All La conic of undue speculation not warranted as far as we can see, by any of the agri ,cultural statistics of any of these colonies and it must, therefore, soon have an eac Tliat end is, in fact, now fast approaching. Already1 we . see it looming at no very great: distance on- the horizon. Say .ye not four months, and then cometh harvest. In another month or six weeks at farthest, the fields of South Australia will be white unto harvest, that portionof them, at all events, that lies on the plains between the coast and the mountain ranges. There the crop3 are always gathered in between the end of November and tho beginuing of December. _Hew' wheat will, consequently, soon be in the market, and although it may bo a little later in spine places, than that already re ferred tojiit will be, too late to make any further attempts at speculations fora rise. Ibis will, doubtless, be a gratifying though t to many, although not over grate ful 'to those who may happen to have heavy stocks of old wheat on hand. But, us a community, we have suffered too much from this speculation in the wheat .and flour market this year, to mako us desirous of suffering more from the same 'cause." ■ ■■ To correspondents who have written us requesting us to strike their names off committee lists, ifcc, we must return one answer. It is out of our power to comply with their 'requests. Ho one can au thorise us to alter advertisements but those who ordered their insertion. 