A NEW CHURCH AT WINDSOR. One of tlie distinguished foreign visitors who occasionally do us the honor to observe oil the practical workings of that admirable mystery— The British Constitution—in speculating recently 011 the loyal attachment to the person and family of tlie Sovereign common to all Englishmen—to him a political paradox in a people so proud of their individual independence and freedom—suggested that it might ill some degree be explained by the maimer iu which the membci't, of the Royal family liave associated themselves with the every-day life of the people, and lieyond 1 lie range of State duties take their part as efficiently as ordinary citizens in all the social movements of the day. The criticism is a sounder one than wc usually get from such sources, though to us it may almost seem commonplace. Numberless illustrations 01" it in matters of graver importance will spring to every OIIC'B memory, and those who have visited the neighborhood of any of the Uoyal dwelling places cannot but have heard many stories of the judgemut and liberality with which the duties of a good neighbor are discharged, and must have remarked the interest and affection with which the members of the Royal family are regarded by those who have had the most frequent and the best opportunities of observing them in domestic life. We have to chronicle another instancein noticing an interesting ceremony •which took place on Saturday, at Windsor, when the Crown Princess of Prussia celebrated her birthday by laying the foundation stone of a new church. For some time past the parish church has been found inadequate for the wants of the increasing population of the Uoydl borough, and though many proposals have been made at various times for the supply of additional church accommodation, it was not until last year that any definite project was set on foot. At a sermon preached 011 the Prince of Wales' birtLday in 1SC2, by the icv Sir Simpson, one of the curates or the parish, the first collection was made for the purpose, and mainly by the unwearied activity of (lie vicar and his clergy a handsome sum was at last raised, sufficient to jutify the coinmcnccment of actual operations. Her Majesty took great interest hi the project from the first, subscribed liberally to it, and at the proper time was graciously pleased to intimate her desire that the first stone should be laid by her eldest daughter. An admirable situation lias been chosen for the new clinrch at the end of Fraiicia-road, immediately in the rear of the model cottages, in a neighbourhood where new buildiugs appear to be springing np on every si de. Built of brick, with facings of Hath stone from the designs of Mr A. W. Blomficd , it is of handsome dimensions, but with very little ornamentation cither inside or out At present it affords accommodation for abou t COO persons, but is BO arranged as to be capable of further enlargement, and bein^ intended chiefly for the use of the poor, all the sittings are free and umqiptop kte3, a fi-oture -which obtained the special approbation of Her Majesty. The whole cost will be something under £4,000. of which nearly £3,600., including £160 collected at the service on Saturday, has already been raised. Saturday being, as we have said, the birthday of the Princess—was fitly chosen for the ceremony—and the town wore almost as gay an appearance as on the memorable occasion of the Prince's wedding. On the spot itself evety preparation had been made for the accommodation of the numerous visitors who crowded within the low walls which marked out the site of the church. For protection against the weather, which looked lowering—though the Princess appears to have inherited her mother's good fortune in this respect—a Luge tent, covering the nave and transepts and decorated with gay ensign of every hue, had been spread, under which all could stand iu confident security. At the chancel end a platforn was erected for the accommodation of the more distinguished assistants, in the centre of which, opposite the stone, was raised a pretty pavilion, intended to receive' her Boyal Highness and her suite. Here, shortly after 12 o'clock, were gathered the Bishop of Oxford, the Dean of Windsor, Archdeacon Randall, the Dev. Mr Ellison, vicar of the parish, and a numerous body of the clergy of the neighbourhood, in full canonicals; the mayor and corporation of the borough iu their robes of ofiice; the borough members, Mr Vansittart and Colonel Vyse; Viscount Kirkaldie, and the other members of the building committee. The Freiiiasons mustered in strong force, the husband of the Princess being himself a mason of high degree, and to thein a special platform on thesouthsideof thenave was allottei At half-past 12 the band of the Blues struck up the Prussian National Hymn, and the Royal cortege was seen advancing along the road. On alighting, the Princess was received at the door by the Bishop, the architect, and the building committee, and conducted to the spot where the ceremony was to be performed. Her Boyal Highness looked in excellent health—a perfect specimen of a young English matron. She was accompanied by the Crown Prince, Princess Louise, and Prince Leopold, and a numerous suite of lords and ladies of the household. The service was commenced by the 84th Psalm, admirably chanted by the choir of the parish church, accompanied by the band of the Blues, and after an appropriate prayer by the Bishop of Oxford the Dean of Windsor hauded to the Princess an elegant silver trowel manufactured for the occasion, and in a few well chosen words thanked her Royal Highness 011 behalf of the people of Windsor fov undertaking this duty, aud expressed a hope tliat the event would be an additional tie between her and those who had watched her grow up from her earliest infancy, aud who, by whatever title she might be known, would always be proud of her. A vase containing the customary coins aud inscription was placed iu a cavity of the stone, aud the Princess, stepping forward with the trowel in her hand skillfully smoothed down the bed of mortar on which it was to rest. The stone was then lowered to its plice, and her Royal Highness having squared it with the rule and tapped at each corner with the mallet in the most artistic fashion, said with her Royal mother's clear sweet-toned voice, which her Lords and faitful Commons know so well, and would so gladly hear again,—" Iu the faith of Jesus Christ we place the foundation stone of this church, to be consecrated for ever to the service of Almighty God, in the name of God the father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost." The consecration hymn was then sung, and, after the usual prayers for the benefactors and builders of the church, the Bishop deliveiod a short address, and the ceremony, which was of very short duration, was brought to a close by the singing of the Old Hundredth Psalm.—'Evening Mail.' ? ? ? 