DUNKELD. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The weather, which has been rather cold this day or so past, is now warm, but dull and sombre looking almost as dull as some of our little inland townships ; but of all the dull-looking places I ever saw, nothing, in my humble esti- mation, can be compared with Portland, whither I bent my way a few days since on a week's visit. And yet it is as pretty a spot as may be found in the colony of Victoria, and, I should suppose, as healthy a one. Then what can be the cause of its extreme— what can I call it— weary, worn-out kind of look ! Like a young roue laden with ornaments, yet broken down, and devoid of all energy and healthy action. There was a noble bay, and anchored upon its broad and unruffled bosom lay three fullrigged ships one large steamer, a brig and a schooner, and sundry large lumber boats, whose bulwarks were crowded with any number of curious-looking mariners in snowy white cloth- ing, but who. just as I was going to hail, and ask from what part of the world they came from, took French-leave, and with one accord bolted, being nothing nore or less than any number of huge cormorants — pelican— who make this boat their favourite fishing station. Yet with those fine vessels, and the Supreme Court in full operation, the place had a wan and ghost-like appearance that same moonlight evening, to which the mournful booming of the ever-rolling surf gave its effect. I think I walked round the whole city, and only met an ancient and fishy-looking tarpaulin. headed sea-dog, who, to my affectionate Interrogatories as to what had become of the people, replied, in a spasmodic kind of growl :— ' Why, ain't it always the same ever since I know'd it, and that ere have been more than twenty year —that it have!' It proved, upon further investigation, that this interesting individual turned out (as is but too often the case) to be the oldest inhabitant in the town 'except'— (seeming to recollect himself)—'them here Henties, and they won't last for ever.'— 'I tell you why it is, and it will be always the same, or my name ain't Jerry Kean, the Government won't give us a breakwater, or we should had as fine a place of it as any where, as is this side of the water. Why can't they send a few hundreds of the prisoners down here as is doing next to nothin' up in Melbourne, and begin about it at once ?' I explained to the old man that a work of that time would take a vast sum of money, and that it was the opinion of many that if Portland was twenty times larger than It is at present, it would not pay for many years, &c;, but it was all nothing to the old salt, who owned an allotment, he said, close by 'Portland never did get any thing to do her any good ' What of your numerous fine buildings ? said I,— your piers, your gaol, &c.; ' D — n the gaol ! Is that any good to us ? Only we as to keep a lot of peelers that nobody sees,' &c.; Ha ! poor old man, you are like a good many more. If you want this thing and the other thing, you must work vigourously yourselves, instead of singing out to Jupiter. But of Portland you will hear again, although Ballarat comes first People have been asking me when the autobiography is to come out, that I have advertised. ' Did you read the advertisement ?' said I. ' Oh, yes,' said he. 'Then why did you not keep your word,' was the rejoinder 'in subscribing? You placed your name down for the amount?' For was the work not to be published by sub- scription ? If all the number who had placed their names down had paid in, the work would have been printed and handsomely bound in London and out long before. I have a proposition to make :— I have since nearly written a second volume, and with the same number of plates. I am glad, as it has happened, the first volume has not been published, as it will save expense. I intend now to publish the two together in one large handsomely bound volume, and if all those gentlemen will kindly forward their subscriptions either to the Spectator office or to the Post office, Dunkeld, within the next three months, who have placed their names down already, (and as many more are welcome.) the work will be out in a few mouths afterwards. In addition, to every gentleman who is in the pastoral line, I will give the receipt of tbe infallible remedy for the scab, which I have already stated, I found out after a long series of experi- ments some years since. With one trifling exception the whole of the material is to be found on nine stations out of every ten in this colony, and it is perfectly harmless, only staining the wool for a few days. The sheep it was tried upon is perfectly cured on Dr. M — ns run. I say to every gentleman who is a subscriber and sends the price of one or more copies, he shall have with the work the receipt of the remedy spoken of. As for local news I have nothing to speak of. You must have had all the news from Portland before now, or I would have sent it. Many stringent remarks have been passed on the severity of Grassie's sentence and the leniency of Brewers ; but I should think the Judge knows best as to that. 