ENGLISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. An amusing action was tried before Mr. Justice Blackburn and a common jury, in which a Mr. Hoffman sued. Mr. Wilton, the keeper of a music hall, at the east end of London, for refusing to pay the salary stipulated for the production of a ghost. The defendant's plea was that the plaintiff's ghost wa^a poor imitation of one, and that he did not superintend his work. The jury found for the plaintiff, but not to the whole amount claimed. A very narrow escape from serious results occurred to the Duchess of Sutherland as she was returning home from the Ber. Dr. Cnmming's chapel. The horse in hor brougham took fright in Pall-mall, and, after throwing tbe coachman and footman in Cleveland Square, fell, but immediately after regained his feet, and bolted in the same direction he came. After pursuing an uninterrupted course as far as the Army and Navy Club, the animal was slopped; and the duchess, who during the time remained quietly within the brougham, alighted somewhat alarmed, but nnhurt. The coachman and footman, who were thrown, sustained some severe cuts and bruises. A recent newspaper obituary contains some rare instances of prolonged life in four ladies and two gentlemen, whose united ages amounted to 513 years, two of the former being 91; the youngest in the list is a gentleman 78 years of age, and on an average each was 85 years and six months. Notices also appeared of two persons having juBt died at 100 and 103 years of age. A man in Limerick was recently bitten by a pet monkey. The skin of his little finger only was slightly torn, but the wound seemed a mere scratch, and at first gave hira no pain. He soon felt, however, a sort of irritation in his wri6t. It gradually extended to the parte above tbe elbow, and they became swollen. Medical men were then called in, when it was discovered that the patient exhibited symptoms rescm. bling those of hydrophobia. He died at the end of three days, after suffering great pain. The monkey some time before had killed a cat and a dog. A Bhort time ago the divers engaged in searching the pool where the Boyal Charter broke up four years ago, came upon a very rich store of gold. They found in the same spot, in the course of a few days about £1,200 in sovereigns, and a bar of pure gold weighing Si lbs., which was brought up to London. The treasure was far from being exhausted, when a storm came on and put a stop to the diving operations for the season. Messrs. -Gibbs, Bright, and Co., the owners of the vessel, sold about a year ago, fo some persons in Anglesey, all claim to the treasure found on the spot, and it is said tliat the speculation has already paid 300 or 400 per cent, profit, although the cost of working it is very considerable. Tho case of a man not setting eyes on his own eon until he was fifty years old is probably without a parallel. The Btory is told by Leslie in hie agreeable " Hccollcctions of West," the painter's father. On his emigrating to America he left his wife in England, who died shortly after giving birth to a son, whom his father first saw on his return to his native land fifty years afterwards. Tho painter was one of the second wife's family, born in America. Mr. W. F. Windham, late of Fclbrigg Hall, has executed a deed conveying the whole of bis property to trustees for the payment of his debts—in other words, Mr. Windham is a bankrupt. The Prussian papers continue full of the Danish question, and scarcely any other has the power to divert from it, even for a moment, the attention of the public. Impassioned appeals continue to be made on behalf of Scbleswig and, Holstein, and declarations that the Bhamc will be Prussia's if the Danes succeed in wresting those Duchies from Germany. The feeling on this question is passionately strong, extending to all classes of the population, and more or less to all political parties. On December 8, at the Court at Windsor, his Boyal Highness the Prince of Wales was, by her Majesty's command, introduced into the Privy Council, where his Boyal Highness took his place at the upper end of the board. A very singular will caBO has been heard in the Court of Probate. A numerous family of brothers sisters were left some £14,000 by an unclc, which was to be divided among tliem in a rather complicated form. About 20 years ago one of the sisters died, and her will, bequeathing her share among the rest of the family, was witnessed by two of her sisters and administered by her brother John. Another brother James, who was abroad at the time, came home lately and employed an attorney to examine into his interest in the property, giving him a mortgage over his share of the wills as compensation. Tho brother who had administered aud the sislcrs who witnessed the will now came forward to declare that tho will was a forgery. After hearing evidence, however, tbe jury found that the will was valid. An action tried in the Court of Queen's Bench affords a striking illustration of the manner in which companies ore too often lormed under the Limited Liabilities Act. As by the Act seven shareholders are necessary to form a company, it was arranged between the plaintiff aud defendant that tlicy should cacli take five £50 shares, that a friend should take a £50 share but not be called on to pay, and the other four should be mere dummies, taking each a share of £1—the result of tho process being a limited liability company for carrying on tlie business of general agents and money lenders, consisting in reality of only two partners and £500 capital. " A rumor," says the" Cork Examiner " is being spread through various parts oi the country that Ireland is on the eve of a revolution or rebellion. The signal for. tlie rising is to be the landing in some of our bays or harbors of an armament from Amcrics, provided with an ample supply of arms and all the other munitions of war for the use of all those who yearn to throw off tlie "yoke of the Saxon." It is also believed that there is at this moment existing in Ireland a secret society, having its head-quarters in Dublin, and branches in Cork, Tralec, and all the otlier principal towns of the kingdom. THIB society, it is said, is at this very moment actively engaged in organising the people and preparing thein for the anticipated invasion, having them taught military drill wherever practicable. ..Thus they will be fitted to avail themselves of the arms that shall be placed in their hands by their foreign friends. It is further hinted, in mysterious language," that certain persons wlioBe present position holds them back will assume leading parts in the struggle when oncc it has begun.': The trustees of the fund of £150,000 which Mr. Peabody, the American merchant, presented some short time since to the inhabitants of the metropolis have, at length, resolved to devote the whole amount to improving the dwellings of the poor. Already a pile of model lodging-houses is rising in Bethnal- Green, and sites have been secured in different districts at both sides of the Thames for tbe erection of others. Miss Burdett.Coutts has also erected several model lodging-houses in Bethnal- Grccn, which are so highly prized by the poor inhabitants of {he neighborhood that there are 50 applicants for eveiy set of rooms to be disposed of. • The present Lord Mayor, it is said, will be more than usually liberal in his entertainments, his late father having left him £10,000 for tliat special purpose. The Emperor of the French is intent upon the pacification of the globe, and is adopting measures for the purpose which cannot fail to bring about fresh disturbances. The new state of things he is unconsciously urging into shape. is a league of small States, whose function it will be to deliberate upon the map of the large States. It is as if the oysters and the mussels and the shrimps were to enter into a combination for parcelling out the dominions of tho whales and the eharkB, -and'*limiting the waters in which they should beat liberty.to. swim and devour their prey. The design may be entitled to the highest commendation on the score cf good intentions; but in political life good intentions'that are impracticable are usually found to be- mischievous, and this benevolent project certainly does not promise to bean exception. From America we have two Presidential Messages: which, dealing alike with the past and tbe future, might be expected to afford a glimpse into the mysteries of tho conflict; but they really yield no information which we were not in possesion of before. ALiverp'ool paper had just apprised us; on "authority" that Earl -Buesell WBB • in receipt of a despatch from Lord Lyons to tiie effect that the war must be brought to a conclusion within three months, tile Confederates being so utterly reduced thot" tJiey would shortly be obhged to isue for an armistice, or, in other /words to throw down their armB, Neither of the messages confirms tiiis startling piece of intelligence. On the contrary, it is quite clear tliat neither Mr. Lincoln nor ilr. Davis contemplates any termination of the sanguinary contest short of extermination on one side or ihe other." ' .': In » bankruptcy case, recently beard, it transpired that one of the dresses .for which the petitioner (a lsdy) owed, had in it no less tlian fifty-two vards of eilk! . . • ' '.:•. • 