MEETING AT THE CUMBERLAND HOUSE. Ameeting of the friends of Mr. W. Townsend was held at the Cumberland House, Elizabeth-street, an hour or two later tin a]the meeting above reported. Mr. T. Hall ocouple thecnair. Mr. G. Wildy, in a few remarks, vindicatory of the fitness of Mr. Townsend for the " civic chair, propose d • that W. Townsend was the most flt persoh for Mayor of the - city. _ Mr. Bake-well seconded the resolution, and stated that Mr. Townsend had always been the-friend of the working man, and they wonld not be doing-their duty if they did not place him at the head of the poll." " Mr. E. Solomon, M.P. supported the resolution, and said that so far as he had known Mr. ToWnsend he (Mr. Solomon) had always found him to be a straightforward and an . honest man, and a man of business. (Cheers.) Mr. Thomas ; he had knownfrom a lad, and he also was an honest, strightforward man. Mr. Thomas was very good in his business, but take him ont of that and what'was he? (Nothing.) He (Mr. Solomon) supported Mr. Townsend because he thought" it was a bad' thing to make a fixed rule of electing a Councillor from one particular ward to be Mayor of the whole city. (Cheers.) He was happy to be able to support the resolution.- • ; . Mr. Eves (supported the motion, and said he was satis fied that Mr. Town send had;:to the best of his ability, done much good for the city, and-he (Mr.Eves) considered Mr. Townsend was far superior to Mr; Thomas. It had been , said that Mr. Townsend would not be able to devote the ' proper time to the discharge of the duties of Mayor; bat Mr. Townsend himself was tbe best judge of that. (Cheers.) What had Mr. Thomas done while he nad been in the Council? They had heard'nothing great of him. He believed that'no man who had risen from the working classes had done so much as Mr. Townsend had. (Cheers.) &r.; Thomas had said the day of election would show who was the best man; and so it would. (Cheers.) Mr. G. Vincent supported the resolution. As regarded the fitness of • the two candidates for the office, he (Mr: Vincent) thought there could be only one opinion on the matter. He knew that Mr. Townsend had not said anything against Mr. Thomas, but if he had done so, whohad thrown: : the first stone ? It was Mr. Thomas or his supporters, and. he (Mr Vincent) called the Register to prove it It (the Register) had accused Mr. Townsend of oowardloe when the Morphett-street Bridge was under discussion, and had stated that he had sat still in the House and had heard the people of West Adelaide called riffraff, which charge was most unjust and untrue. Mr. Thomas had also charged things against Mr. Townsend's supporters whioh were utterly false. At the Prince of Wales Hotel, when he (Mr. Viucent) had asked Mr. Thomas why he had Voted for a . certain person as Sanitary Inspector; Mr. Thomas said— • " I know something of you;" and a man who would throw . out such insinuations as ithat against a poor man was no gentleman, and not fit for the civic chair. (Cheers.) He, Mr. Vincent, hoped that on Thursday next every person would induce his fellowman to come to the poll and vote for Mr. Townsend.' He considered that Mr. Thomas had not acted in a straightforward manner in this contest. (Cheers.) The Chair wan then put the resolution, to whioh there was no amendment, to the meeting, and declared it carried unani mously. Mr. Townsend returned thanks, and said he had a difficulty . • in addressing them that evening, because he had spoken at so many meetings that he did not know what he could say fresh., It had been said to him, "Well, Townsend, if you go in, you will be a Mayor without a Corporation." (Loud laughter.) He had not, certainly, got a very large corporation, . but if he could not fill the chair in that respect he would endeavor to do it mentally. (Cheers.) Mr. Townsend then referred to the placard issued by a Mr. Ennis, and refuted the various charges therein made against him. The candi date also went over a good deal of the ground taken up by him at previous meetings, rendering it unnecessary for us "to report at fuller length. He declared that he cared nothing - for the salary of Mayor; that all he received (and more) he should expend for the good of the citizens, and he con cluded by expressing his confident hope that they would place him at the head of the poll. (Cheers.) At this stage of the proceedings the Hon. J. H. Barrow entered the room, and was loudly and continuously called upon to speak. After some delay he rose, and said that he had just come down from the other meeting to see how they were getting on; but he had no idea of speaking, and did not wish to do so. ("Yes, yes, go on.") Weil, he would tell them that at the London Inn there was only one dissentient from the proposition for: Mr. Townsend, but . that i gentleman, to- make the most of his solitary .oppo sition, held up both hands. (Loud laughter.) He had been to a good many of the late meetings, but he had not . put himself prominently forward ■. but when he saw that nearly the whole of the members of ; the Council were bringing their representative infiuenee to bear in favorof one candidate and against the other, he deemed it his duty as a citizen to take his part. He would I ask why did hot the Council leave the matter to the rate- - payers? (Loud cheers.) Why should they rush into the I fray instead of leaving it to the ratepayersi to fight thefr. ! own battle out? (Renewed cheers.) He^ did not say that they had not the right to do as they did; but, he would ask; was it wise '-was it expedient for the Council to rush into the heat of this battle, which ought to be fought out by the : ratepayers themselves? It was a pity that representatives should thus combine together to dictate to the electors. (Hear.) He did not say that he should vote for Mr. Townsend if a better man had come into the field; but of the two now before them he would say that Mr. Townsend had the stronger claims; therefore he should vote for mm. (Cheers.) He should say nothing against Mr. Thomas ; and although he might vote for Mr. Townsend, if Mr .Thomas were elected he should not have the less respect for him. He considered Mr. Townsend the more suitable man for uayor of Adelaide. It had been objected to that Mr. Townsend was a very lively manslaughter)-and. one of Mr Thomas's supporters had told him (Mr. Barrow) that day: that Mr. Townsend was like a skittish racehorse, so anxious to win that it was impossible to get a start. ^ (Loud laughter.) Well, now, was not that a very pretty comparison? (Laughter.) Of course, Mr. Thomas was not a skittish race horse. (Laughter.) Perhaps he might compare him to a roval elephant-(roars of laughter)-but in the race for the Adelaide Cup he would back the skittish horse against the royal elephant. (Uproarious laughter.) At the same time, elephants were very useful animals; but they should all go to India—(hear, hear)-where they were wanted, and where the climate was more congenial to them. (Laughter.) He thought it was no harm to be lively; but some of Mr. Thomas's friends said that Mr. .Townsend could preach sermons on Sundays and singsongs on Mondays. (Hear.) Well he saw no harm in that; in fact he thought it was'decidedly better that the songs and the sermons should be given on diflerent days. (Loud laughter.) If they had Mr. Thomas as Mayor, and he had to attend an Oddfellows' dinner, would he walk out when there was a song called for? (Hear, hear, and Yes, yea._ - He, Mr. Barrow, had heard many good songs at such dinners, and he would say that all that sort of bunkum that had been urged against Mr. Townsend, that he had sung, songs and delivered lectures, showed the poverty-and wretchedness of the case on the other side; and certainly if there was nothing more against him than that it would not lose him the election. (Hear, hear.) They wanted a man in the Council who was essentially a public man. If they were living in Austria, or eTen in England, in some old fashioned country town, he would say. give us the "heavy respectability," but not m South Australia. They wanted respectability and popular talent at the same time. Mr. Thomas's supporters said his claim rested upon his having served the' public in the Council; but it that was a good ground, then the preference should be given to the senior Councillor -(hear, hear)-and noctothejunior one Mr. Thomas had only been there nine or ten months, and if that argument was worth anything it entirely threw him oufin favor of Councillors whohad beentherelonger than himself; but the Council had thought proper to bring Mr Thomas out and to constitute themselves electioneering agents, and he thought it was a great pity they had done so. A good deal of ill-feeling had been introduced into the dia cursions, but, at all events, Mr; Townsend'B friends were not to blame, because the Council chose to rush into the fray in the wav they did. Mr. Barrow then alluded to the charge preferred against Mr. Townsend,. that he had given 2s. ed. for every signature to his requisition. He declared it to be a gross falsehood and fabrication. No one on Mr. Townsend's Committee was paid. After some further re marks Mr. Barrow resumed his seat, stating that he had no idea whatever of speaking when be entered the room; but that be had come, supposing the meeting was over, Just to learn the result (Cheers.) Mr. S. Raphael urged every one present to do the best for Mr. Townsend, because if they returned him it would be a great triumph and would shew the Counoil that they were not to be led by the nose. There was a clique in the Counoii and it wanted fresh blood: He then advised the electors to be very particular bow they marked tbe ballot papers. Mr: Barrow moved a vote of thanks to the chair. _ • : - Mr. L. Murphy seconded, and explained that Mr. Lnnis,_ the person whose name was affixed to the placard alluded to, was in his employ, but he knew nothing about the placards. The man was in his employ and did his. duty, and of course: he could not interfere; with him—(hear, hear)—but he him-t self knew nothing about it. j The meeting then separated. . —; i- A Two meetings of the citizens were held on Satur> day evening, the 26th inst.—the one at the London Inn, Flinders-street, and the other at the Cumber land House, Elizabeth-street. At both meetings Mr. Townsend was almost unanimously declared at the most fit and proper person for the office of Mayor. The second and last of Messrs. Steele, Leslie, and Taylor's entertainments took place on Saturday evening at the. Theatre, which was again crowded. Tbe performances passed off with great success, and the " Ghost" was exhibited with general satisfaction; The proprietors of the entertainment left by the mail steamer the same evening. A Good Receipt.—To make boots last for years. Grease well with a mixture of tallow, lamp-black, and beeswax} then set them away in a closet. 