THE GHOST OF- PELAW-WOOD HOUSE. A CHRISTMAS REMINISCENCE. People at the present day havo very dif ferent ideas about ghosts and other super natural visitants, to what they had when I. was a lad. It .was thon^ no uncommon oc currence for people to sec and converse witlr ghosts of various shapes and sizes, for there was no end to tho curious forms which these uneartHly'-beings would assume. Although ghosp? geuerally . appeared in the form of a human body, 'transparent, however, and usually clothed in ift- long white veBtment, which frequently ^exhibited stains of blood, for the purpose of informing tho public that its wearer had come t«- its death. in a violent manner, sometimes they would take upoji themselves the; guise of a large black dog, which oppeared and disappeared in the most unaccountable, manner, or otherwh'iso they would assume tho form of a white rabbit, which, after allowing itself to be 'coupled up in a corner, would suddenly dissolvo into airy nothings within the hauda of its pur suer, and not unft-equently did ghosts as sume the form of cows, donkeys, and cats( and even pigs, and other questionable shapes# The city and suburbs of Durham used to be particularly favoured with visits from the ill-fated inhabitants of a mysterious world, almost every street and lane having its haunted house, or wandering ghost,. I well recollect the anxious and fearful sus pense I experienced ono night when I went, some years ago, with a school companion, at midnight, and walked nine times backwards round the ruined pillar of Neville's Cross, repeating the Lord's prayer, in order to see the traditional naked sword, covered wfth blood, shoot Up from the top of the pillar, and witnessflie solitary pacing of the ghostly sentinel round the base of the hoary aud time-honoured cross. But we were miser ably disappointed at the non-success of our incantation, because, as our school-fellows afterwards told us, we had neglected to re peat the Lord's prayer backwards, which was essentially necessary before the ghosts would consent to show themselves to beings of i mortal mould. Another time, I went to see I the ghost of Jenny Ramshaw (a young woman who was murdered on the ' lleedie Hills,'1 by her soldier sweetheart), which ap pears annually on St. Thomas' Eve, Dec. 21 — and used to indulge in midnight gambols up and down Crossgate Pcth iu a pnh\of pattens ; but I was again disappointed, for .TRnnv resolutelv refused to show herself, or even reconcile us, by hearing the distant clamp of her resounding tread, notwithstand ing all our schemes to raise her. With no better success did I attempt to obtaim a glimpse of tho ghost of Kasher, who hung himself to the bough of a recumbent beach tree in Pelaw Wood, and whose ghost used to terrify the inhabitants of Gillsgate, from time to time ;'the black dog ghosts of Elvet and Saddler Street; the white rabbit, ghosts of Crossgate and Framwelgate, or the ghosts of weird uspect which used to hauntlhe then disraal'preeincts of the graveyard of St. Mag dalen's Chapel, Kepicr Mill, ''t'elaw-wood House, Old Durban, and other places, in all kinds of ' unquestionable shapes.' Not withstanding the frequent disappointments, ghosts were so often seen, and their existence so implicitly believed in, that any attempt of mine to disparage or throw doubt upqn the authenticity of ghost stories used to be looked upon and denounced as flat and un believing heresy, deserving the attention and demanding the denunciation of every inhabi tant of ghostland, and I used to be theatened with visits.from all kinds of queer ghosts if I did not repent of my folly and speak with more reverenco of the idea'l'creations of the narrators of these simple fireside histories. It is just thirteen years this Christmas time since a number of young people — and amongst them myself — wero met at rtie house of- an old^woman residing atGUlsgate, who was a firm and conscientious believer in the supernatural, and who would as little have thought of doubting '.any ghost or goblin story as she would have thought of doubting the authenticity of .holy 'writ. I was one of 'tho- youngest of tho party, but being a great reader, arid possessing a very retentive memory, \vas looked upon as^'tbe principal story-teller, and, consequently^, the hero of the company... Although my best stories were those wherein ghosts, witches, fairies,' goblins, .and- -such like characters figured, I somehow felt an accountable re pugnance that night to relate any of these nonsensical legends, as I considered them, aud confined myself to tales of advonture and travel by sea and land.' Gradually, nowever, as tue niglit . wore on, and the wind moaned dismally amongst the chimney pots, and the snow-flakes foil with soft pats against the window-pane, the stories as sumed a more and more superstitious tone, until at length they attained to all the hor rible and terrifying fascinations of ghost stories. The' company was all attention, every whisper of the speaker was heard, and every unusual rustle made the .listn'ors start and cast shy glances over their shoulders, and creep closer together, expecting every moment the appearance of an unearthly visitant, when the old woman,, '.around whose fire we sat, began with a hushed voice and horrified look to tell how a certain per son named Caleb K- ? , who was and un believer in ghosts, was,' the night before, coming past Pelaw^wood House (the re maining portions of which, also crumbling to decay, stand' beetling1 on an eminence near to Pelaw-wood; when ho saw a white rabbit come hopping from amongst the ruins of the old building, which had once been the residence of the Tempest family. Caleb, with an instinct the most brilliant, at once detected the supernatural nature of the im posture, and immediately -gave chase to the rabbit, determined' to capture the ghost that had frightened from their property so many people. He managed to dri vo it into a nook in the wall, where he naturally thought it would be impossible for it to escape him; but just as he was going to seize it he was Horrified to see it turn into a woman without a head, -with the blood streaming from her neck over the white flowing drapery which sheworer. The apparition carried an ex tinguished candle in her hand, and in solemn voice. and slow, asked Caleb to give hgr a light (but how she managed to talk without n lipnii tlin nlrl lnrlu » rliri rinf. nnnrlnaonvirl trt inform her wondering and admiring audi ence). Caleb tremblingly handed a lucifcr match, .winch appeared to p.lease her so niuchj that, after giving him some'friendly advice respecting his future conduct to wardsghostly visitants from the spirit world in general, and those in rabbit guise in particular, . she dismissed him with a wave of the hand. How he' got home-he could not tell, but our informant assured- us7'that when ho arrived there he sanTif down all in a heap, and was unable to articulate a syl lable, and that he had to be put to bed, from which'lie hassinc3 been utterly unable to'rise. The scared looks and trembling lips exhibited by tho audience caused me to set up a long loud laugh at the close of this story, which appeared to have made a deep impression. upon everybody but my self, for my untimely mirth was not respon ded to or even opprcciafed by any of the company present. \The old woman was ' quite offended that I should treat the mat ter so lightly, and prophesied that, some night when I was going past Pelnw-wood House to Old Durham Pit, where I then worked, I would see the ghost myself, and, perhaps, deservedly suffer the penalty of my irreverence and unbelief. I made fun of the prophecy, and by ridicule and rea soning endeavoured to persuade tho com pany that Caleb's ghost was all myth and moonshine, and that all such stories wero just as unreliable and untrue. My new fangled opinions, as they were called, were, however, at a discount, and I did not gain a single convert. On the contrary, every body seemed determined, by relating fearful but well-authenticated ghost stories, to con vince me that I was wrong, and ought there and then, renounce my sceptical notions. But I stoutly stood my ground and would not budge an inch, and my opponents' ar guments led me to say things about ghosts which they appeared to think sufficient to bring the whole fraternity upon me. How ever, the sequel will prove how far the pre dictions of our aged host were verified, and how I should be called upon to pay the penalty of my hardihood and temerity. At twelve o'clock I left the company, iu order to gvhome, as I had to go to the pit that niglit, und I had barely sufficient time to change my dress, and get to the pit at the appointed time for my work. As it hap pened, ,I.-^ad to pass the very locality of Caleb's 'unearthly adventure. As I went along the road to Pelaw-wood House, where the ghos't had been seen the night before, I was- turning over in my mind some of the stories which I had heard that night. The darkness of the night, the untimely hour, the stillness of -eyery thing around, and these ghostly stories^inducedfa peculiar and in definable sensation on frfpmirid. It was not fear, or even alarm, but a kind of exciting anxious Feeling,, that was not at all plea sant. I kept moving on in a sort of re verie, wondering how people could be so foolish as to believe in ghosts or ' goblins damned,'? when all at once, as I neared the ruins of the..old building, a bright flash of sudden and supernatural light illuminated the whole of the ynrd surrounding it. My heart began to knock against my sides, my limbs wer^Paralyzed, my vitality was as it were arrested, and with a terrified start I stood &tifl;, expectiug every moment to see the woman without the head come forth and with hidebus gesture address .mo. Yes, sure enwgh, there it was,^ight before me' for I distinctly saw a tall figure, clothed in white, glide across the yard, and disappear through the wall. For a moment my legs bent beneath me, ' And each particular hair stood on end. Like quills upon the fretful porcupine.' After recovering my reflection, my first thought was to turn and run home as fast as my legs could carry me, but when I re flected on the sorry spectacle I should cut after all my mockery and derisiori, shame kept me rooted to the spot. I asked «iy sclf the question, ' Can such things be?'1 and, reason resuming her throne, 1 deter mined -to investigate the 'character of the ghost by a closer inspection. With this intention, I walked hesitatingly forward until I -came closer up to tho gate-way lead ing into the vard. when the broad rav of !|igut again flashed across the enclosure, and the white figure glided past mo stately and slow-ni the distance of a few feet. With bated breath and palpitating heart, I clung to the side of the gateway and watched its movements. It stalked at a slow pace and with noiseless steps right across the yard, and then I saw — ' Angels and ministers of grace defend us' — what do you think I saw? and here the marvollous at onco censes — why, I saw the ghost in the most unprofessional manner possible stoop down and get a shovelful of coals, and go back into the house and throw them on to tho fire. I jumped at once to a solution of the character of my ghost. It was tho wife of a pitman who resided in the house, and whose husband, being in the foreshift, hav' just gone to the pit, she had come out in her underclothing to fetch in a few coals to heap up the fire before going to bed, and T1\ V 1 flrt nrriMntir%r% it n /?! annnlia/1 fit si n/innni*m ries, the flash of light being caused by tho opening of the door, and the noise of the footsteps being deadened by the snow. The loud ripging laugh with which I greeted my discovery, startled an owl from its roost in the old walls, and frightened the poor woman to such a degree that she rushed into the house, from which she was just issuing to get another shovelful of coals, and banged to the door, and I heard her quickly drawing tho bolts to secure herself frpra further evils. With a merry heart arid a light step I took my way to the pit, where I related my adventure with the ghost, to the no small amusement of its husband, who did not fail to apprise his wife of the fright she had given me. _ Such was my first meeting with a ghost. Since then I have frequently met with some of these usually unwelcome visitors in my nocturnal rambles in out- of-the-way places, but I'have never since been afraid to face them, and I have always found my ghosts, as I approached, resolve themselves into the solid, tho; tangible, and the real, as, much to my gratification, did the dreaded ghost of Pelaw -wood House. . . . ? War. P. Shield. Hor-towAV's Pills.— Surpassing Excellence.— This medicine is composed from the finest balsams obtainable from the vegetable kingdom. Unlike mineral or mer curial preparations, Holloway's Pills arc perfectly inno. ce«, and may be safely taken by children and the most ydolichto females. The nervous, and all who have lost nope and energy through long-continued affliction, should have their attention drawn to the many cures of such cases which have been gradually accomplished by these Pills and gratefully acknowledged by most l\Mar\aa testimo V it iThey seouro a lo'Bl a llcallI-y. aM a happy lire. In all derangements of the digestion arising from the sto mach, liver, or bowels, the curativo power of these purify, ing 1'ills is especially observable ; they stimulate slUBRieli and-rcgulate disordered functious. 