DALBY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) THE GOVERNOR'S VISIT. On Thursday last a meeting of the inhabitants was held at the School of Arts to make arrangements for the reception of his Excellency, who was expected to arrive here on the following day. It was resolved that the townspeople meet at the School of Arts, from whence they would start together and escort his Excellency and Lady Bowen into town, and that the bells be rung to give notice of the time for starting. The following morning thle town wore a regular holiday aspect, the stores being closed and all the principal streets decorated with flags and banners; several new flagstaffs having been erected for the occasion, among which were one at the residence of D. M. Sinclair, Esq., one at the corner of Mr. John Sidney's premises, and another at Mr. Richard Sexton's residence. At the appointed time a large number of the inhabitants, on horseback, met at the School of Arts, and soon after rode out to meet his Excellency. After proceeding about eight miles the long-expected party was seen in the distance, being accompanied by J.P. Bell, Esq., M.L.A. The Dalbyites then formed into a long line, two deep, on each side the road; then trotting up to the carriage, gave the Governor and Lady Bowen three hearty cheers, after which they were escorted into town to Mr. Milstead's Hotel, where the cheers were again lustily renewed, and his Excellency retunsed thanks for the warm reception given him. The same evening the Dalby Amateur Dramatic Society gave a grand entertainment at the Union Hall. The place was well fitted up for the occasion, a neat box having been specially prepared for the Governor and his suite, from whence they had a good view of the whole place. By 8 o'clock, the time for commencing, the spacious hall was well filled with a respectable audience, which was very encouraging to the amateur performers, who had been labouring hard for the last three or four weeks to perfect themselves for that evening. The pieces acted were "The Spectre Bridegroom, or a Ghost in Spite of Himself," and "The Day after the Fair." Both pieces reflected great credit on the actors and were well received, his Excellency thanking them publicly on the following morning for the entertainment they had given him. On Saturday, at 11 a.m., the Governor and his Lady proceeded to the School of Arts to receive addresses. J. P. Bell, Esq., read an address from the Magistrates and other inhabitants of the town and district, and the Town-Clerk read another from the Town Council. After replying thereto a levee was held, when a large number of the inhabitants were introduced to his Excellency. AN UNWELCOME VISITOR On Sunday evening last while Mr. Davis, of the Tele graph-office, was sitting on the verandah of his cottage, he heard the cat making a great noise in the bed-room, and on proceeding to see the cause of it, was astonished to find a large black snake, about four feet long, crawl -ing on the floor. He immediately got hold of a hand -saw and managed to cut it in twain at the first blow, and thus rid himself of his unwelcome visitor. CHRISTMAS RACES A meeting for the purpose of arranging for the Christmas Races was held at the Criterion Hotel on Monday evening, Mr. A. P. Gayler in the chair. The following gentlemen were elected officers :--Judge, Mr. R. Sexton; Stewards, Messrs. F . S. Bowerman, G. Parker, T. Ross, J. Healy (Mayor), W. B. Rider, W. N. Poole, A F. Wilkie, and H. Primrose ; Treasurer, Mr. James Skelton; Starter and Clerk of the Course, Mr. R. Ross; Secretary, Mr. F. Crosby. The secretary was requested to draw up a programme to be submitted to the next meeting, which is to be held on Saturday next. Dalby, November 15, 1864. 