A GHOST SrORV. (rrom' Bectlev'o MnwiUny.' We. nrrive now at one uf those iueX|dicible occurrences which, exiuiinod to their sniuce, al)ord U9 no alternative but ti- bilii-vo titlier th.it gentleman of high cliir.irt.i-r, a. id k,,;niv^-'.e. position have united in tin; invent 'on an 1 div s:«iini:iatiiin of a gross f.iR-!in:-d, or t'l.it «?- i:l-- thing that may fairly bi; nailed pretci-i.ilural b ;-i really and truly been piiiiented to our gune ration. Fur grvenl years pa*t, sing il.ir runiors have 2[i)t abroad, from time to time, relilivu to an old fiiinilj -seat near F ? . S.nncr!.otshire, wiiich, however, despite its reputation, has never, up' t» the present naomctit, bvun willmnt ouunpints. The circuinstance most frequently a-s iciated with tbe rumors aforesaid, w.n tli.it, on almost every nijlit, at twelve o'clock, sim'eti.ing that wr\s invisible cnterod a c rtaiu corridor at one end, and passed out at ill's oilier. . It mattered not to the mysterious intruder wlio mi^lit be witnesses of the midnight proiri'L'S''. Ali:s'n-t as regulnrly as night siu'cudcd day. the strangi1 sound recurred, and wai pretisrly tl.at ivliicli would have been occai-iiiMod by a lady, wearing the liifrli'heeled shoes --;' a f-:n:u'r peiit.d, and ;i full silk dreHS, s'wucpiug through the corridor, j Nothing v/as evor soei: — and the impression jvrodiioed by heariiit; the approaob, the nassing, and withdrawn! -;f the vi.-il'ir with perfect dia' tinctiid!i», wliilo tbe comfrauintrsiiise was shut, was described as must ixtraordinnry. It was but a day or two since, that the brother of the writer chanced to meet at dinner one of the more recent c:ir'vritness-i-s of this certainly most remarkable phenomenon, and, with the sanction of the latter, tlio ndveuture ehall be rjiven nearly in liis ou'n words, -l 1 was visiting, about ten yenrs ago, at r. fricad'B house, a fo.v miles from F ? , when my attention was aiirsctcj, one day af dinner, tn a conversation th.it was going on, having reference to the haunt-id character of B ? House, near F ? . The subject seemed to in terest tbe speakers ro much, that I begged to be informed of the detail-', mid learned that a par' ticular corridor of ihe mansion in question w,is, every inght, at twelve o'clock, the eceno of an occurrence that had hitherto defied nil expla nation. One of the, party had himself l,eeu a visitor at B — — IIouxp, and, being sceptical and devoid of fuar, rci]'ieste:l pennisBioii to beep vigil in the haunted gallery. Ife did so, uif nesfL'd the phenonietion, and ' notliinp on efrth,' he frankly owned, ' wnr.ld induce me to repeat ti:e expminent. lie tlien recounted to me certain circuniitances, which nareud po nearly A'ith wlist I' inyxeif s(.iU-(.-qui-nt!y witnessed, that it will be liytter to narrate them from the direct evidence of my own astonished (jei)sos. ' 5[y cariosity b«iug greatly increased by tbe manifest belief accorded by thoSJ present to this gentleman's story. 1 obtained au introduction to the family of B ? IIouw, ar. I rucuived froui them a ready permission lo u Ks n niglit or more, if necessary, in the haunted currHor. I was at full liberty, moreover, to select any companion I chose, for tbe adventure, and I accordingly invited nn old friend, Jlr \V. Iv ? , who biiijiened to be shooting in tlie nuiglibuf hood to accompany me. '? K— — , like myself, was disposed to incre dulity in such matters ; be had never seen any thing of the sort before, a:i-! was positively tis* pured cither that nothing ununu.il would occur on tlie night when two ouch sentries w»re on duty, or that we »b(.nld li;ive no gveat difficulty in tracing the pheiio-m-iion t'j a fleshly source. ' The family at B ? hippnned at this time to be from hoice, but authority having been given us to make 'any arrange limits we pleased. K ? and I proceeded to (be mannion. intend* ing, at all events, to devote two rights to the experiment. It will hi seen that tnis part of the plan was ino'tt strictly c irried out ,- ' We dinsd early, at hve o clock, and in order to make certain ot the clearness *cf our heads, drank nothing but a little t ihlo beer. \Ve had then sik hours before us ; hqt reaolvcd to lose no chance] we took up oqr position at once in the haunted corridor! * It was of very considerable length, with a door At each extremity, and oue or two at tbe iide. ' My friend K ? is a good piquet player, and as our watcli 'was' to be a prolongued one, and it was extremely desirable tokeeppt-nelveg w*'l on the alert, it was Jigread to ttltt Nrme cards with us. \' Combining business with pleasure, we placed nor ptrd table too u completely to berricade the panage ; our two chain exactly filling np the mace that remained, so that ^t would be impns «bta (of »ny mortal creitnre to press through wltbtmt dit|-Irbing ut In addition to this we placed' two' lighted candles on the ground near Uw'wall, %t two or {hree feet from the table, w tbe nde (rom wbick thb rnystorioas fooUteps ?lwayscam^. finally, we placed two revolvers jMUwftW?pw»ener.on theUble. !? Thwe pmaqUoBq Uk^o, we oommeqeed, oqr niM W mn- ynti v*«7ine *o,ooe« till iW««iwVi3ock. 4tt«ftllB»*»FowinS* «* I Irmked at my watcli, which I hud taken the precaution tr- set by the church clock, as we cut ere I the village. l!y this it appeared that tho house c'onk w*i fa-t. It wanted yet tliroo jninnti1* uf tbo hour. Pointin' out tha mntake to K ? . I proposad that we should, by all mean9, wait aimtliei 'ten tniiiutes. '? The words »-pre not fairly out of my moijth when the dnor at the eiid Siwincd to open and reclose. Xiii-* time the carls literally dropped from our hand', fur, though nothing could he seen, the convjjtinn was growing, on both pur minds, that sn'n^tliinjr had cntcrnd. We were hoo'I more fully cn- ivincs-I 'f it. The silence was broken by a tapping sound, such in wpul I he cause i by a light pirjosi. weiring high ho -hid sliooa, quietly coming towards us up tilt: gillcry, each step, as it u|-pr.iauhud, t-i-iindi?i^ more disinct th.m llif Ust ; rx-ietly, in f ict, .is would be tlio ci^e under ordinary circciuijtanc.'.'1. It was .1 fir.n mid regular trea 1 — 1'gh'-, yet deternr iue:l — and it *yas accnnipiiiie-l by :?. sound hu twee i a sire p, a rustle, and n whistle, not c--m par.ible to anytliin,-; lint tiio hrmiiiig -.f a stiff biiken drcsa ngaiusc tho walls ! ' How K — and 1 looked as tlio snunds ad vanced as it were to storm «-, I will not pre. tend ti siy. I cmifcss [ wa-, f.ir tlio uviniuat, pefified with am.iz.'tneiit., nn I m itber of us I hiiiiave, moved hind or f j it.. On— on — on c.-iino tiles tap and rnstlo ; tbey iviehed tho liijlitud randl'-s on tbe fljor, pass-jd tliKin, not even disturbing the fl.une, tlien t'le. tipping cu.tsed, but the invisible si ken rube seemed to brush tho Will on both bi do--, on a level with our bond*, then the tipping recommence I on the i other si le tlie t.ible-, and so, rcCuJing, male its exit at tint other do.ir ! ! ! ' A* for m iktn^ any us..1 ol our rjvulvsrs or life preservers, tlie i lei newt oucc ocaurru 1 to either of u*. 1 here \v is n»t even a sluJow at wbicli to sTilro. ; it was sound ulonc. ' I fcrl lli.it s!!y a'.ten-pt t.i explain tliin ?^tr.T'^o pliunoinen.in at onca to n;y own -^aMs1 f.iciion :ui I tint --f itluT-, Woiill be perfectly futile. 1 in-j-t ' f nec;:-s:ty c-i;-tj:it myself with simply narr.iting tin' (act as it occurre ', and as it occurred, and' ;is it l:?.d been, and probably i:iny vat be, witnos-ud by many other*, as litile |irt dispose I as my fii«nd l\ — and J to bo naiie t!ic dupe of any b'Mian :irti;icj. ' I may mention that, on o:io occasion, it chanced tint a nurse in tlie family hud to pass throng1! tlie corridor about tin1 liuur of twelve, carrying, or rather leading, a little girl wlio w.is deaf itiid dumb. As the sounds p-we I, the chill a-'peiral to shrink back in the utmost alar n, stni^gling and moaning to gat away, nor could slit; ever be induced to enter the corridor n^i;n, without evincing tlie same, vi ilent terror.'' — From Strung* Things Amor.j Us, by II. Spiccr. 