"-^ÍSTBOBERTS1 BILLIARD MATCHES. ¡ (Trim in Melbourne Herald.) : On Tuesday evening Mr. John Roberts made his first ^SS^Wt^P«* of the globe, of the champion billiard player of the word has caused quite an excitement, not only amongst the knights of the cue. but throughout the whole male population, the fame of the great man has. long preceded him. Ture are doubtless, many in this colony who remember Roberts when he was quite a lad, playing at Tavernool. as his skill at the game was such, even in those days, as to render him a most dangerous opponent. Since that time he has gradually improved, and during the last few years has held such a position that no other player, be he ever so good has ventured in start on an equality with him. He has a son who is following in his father's footsteps, "it is considered almost as talented as Ma street. Billiards have now become so universal that the amusement is within the reach of everyone ; but the billiards which we have been accustomed to witness, even by first-rate players, is a very different sort of game from that played by Mr. Roberts Here we have the true science improved to the highest pitch of perfection by the most constant practice Mr. Roberts has arrived at such a stage of Excellence in every point of the game as to have an almost unlimited command over the balls, and to be able to place them in nearly every position he chooses. Shortly after his arrival in the colony he entered into an arrangement with Mr. Cleeland for the large room at the Albion Hotel, in which to play the first match, and Mr. John Lamb was secured as his first opponent. The hull was fitted up expressly for the occasion with tiers of seats for the spectators, and every arrangement was made to secure the comfort and convenience of the visitors. The table used for the match was of colonial make, and it may, perhaps, be gratifying to the manufacturer, Mr. Alcock, of Russell-street, to know that Mr. Roberts considers it one of the very best he has ever played upon. Notwithstanding that the charge for admission was fixed at a rather high rate (£1) such was the interest manifested to witness a match between the champion of the world and the champion of Australia that the room was well filled, lamb received his 350 points out of 1000 up, and the game was commenced by the Australian having the break, and after a little coquetting on both sides to keep the balls in baulk, Lamb broke the ice by can- ironing off the white, and then Roberts went in off the white, cannoned, and put the red in the top pocket, thereby scoring even. For some time the game went on slowly, and very little more than commonplace play was exhibited. Roberts was evidently his way and watching the play of his opponent, and at the same time getting at home on the new table. He soon got hold of the white ball and played with it for some time, continually putting himself in the centre and top pockets ; but wherever he put the balls there was always something left for himself, but very little for his antagonist. Lamb is an excellent player, slow and careful, but he wants the precision and execution of Roberts. He played very well at the outset of the game, making hazard after hazard off the red alternating with a neatly executed cannon now and again. When Lamb's score stood at 383 Roberts had arrived at 57. The English champion then tried some of his "circumbendibus " cannons off the cushions ; but the most astonishing portion of his play is the manner in which he can run through the balls, and curve them round, so as always to bring them into a convenient position. For about two hours the game went along slowly, Roberts making his twenty-five and thirty off a break, gradually began, to creep up, When Lamb stood at 401, Roberts was only 62, but the latter was, however, warming to his work, and the balls began to fly about in all directions. Sometimes he would' get the three nicely placed together in a corner, and continue to (come cannon after cannon, always contriving to get the balls well into position. Lamb often found himself left without a chance of making anything off his break, OF Roberts many times successfully brought off the double baulk, when he had got all he could him self. Lamb, however, played the good old game, both of its scientific adornments, and went in for safety. When Lamb's score stood at 427 Roberts was 93\. From this he made up by a series of losing hazards played off the white into the centre pocket, and from the red into the top pocket. But his cannon game was certainly the finest. He made some of the most masterly strokes, frequently pocketing both balls after the cannon. He had scored 155 when Lamb was 452, and he then commenced some of his angular canons, and was most successful in bringing them off several times in succession. Some of his strokes were truly magnificent, and were loudly applauded. Lamb, nothing daunted by being matched against such a renowned player, worked away carefully, and gradually increased his score ; when 500 was) put on his account, Roberts had made 272. Frequently Roberts performed the feat of pocketing the while, and bringing his own ball back from the centre of the table to cannon with the red lying close under the cushion, almost in a straight line: it is strokes such as these which show the power of play. Not until Roberts had brought his score up to 324 as against 534 did he commence the spot game, which is considered his great forte. Twelve Consecutive times did he pocket the red, always leaving his own ball in a good position, and he afterwards repeated this performance by putting in we IBU sateen, twelve, ten and six times consecu- I tively, when the scores stood as follows Roberts, I 509; Lamb, 675, An adjournment took place for a few minutes, and upon resuming Roberts went on to play quickly-a sure sign that he was gaining a Be- j surer footing and greater confidence. Lamb exerted his utmost, and played exceedingly well, making some really fine hazard?, and several neat, if not altogether brilliant cannons, Soon Roberts began to forge ahead, and the numbers got closer and closer 678, Roberts," 691, Lamb. 704, Roberts; and 691, Lamb. From this time the latter has not the ghost of a chance, even if any such idea had existed previously. Roberts literally walked away from his opponent, and from 866 scored 950, making 84 in a break, He had frequently made 30, 40, and once 65 from a break, but this was the largest number. Lamb's store at this time stood at 728, and this he only increased to 745, when Roberts had made 1001 thus winning by 258 points, or, including the number given at the commencement, 208\. Roberts' play was magnificent throughout, but nothing extraordinarily brilliant was exhibited, although no very favourable opportunity occurred for the production of any great skill. The second of the series of Mr. Roberts' billiard matches took place on Wednesday night, when Mr. Lamb was again his opponent, but on this occasion received 400 points out of 1000. The reduction in the price of admission to 10s. had a good effect on the attendance, as there was nearly double as many persons present as on the first night. The game commenced rather slowly, but Roberts soon made an opening by scoring 97 off a break principally from losing hazards off the white into the middle pocket. Lamb went along very slowly, and his score for a time was all behind hand. Roberts early got on to his spot stroke, and pocketed the red eleven times in succession, thus scoring 33 in almost as many seconds. From this break he made 46, and his first hundred was obtained in twenty minutes. Lamb got hold of a few good cannons, and stuck to that game as long as he could. He also got a chance of a spot stroke, but was unable to bring it off. He, however, played well, slow, careful, and for safety. Roberts had many opportunities of trying his " screw backs," bring his own ball back on to the red after cannoning off the white or else screwing back into the pockets. This performance, is often as repeated, was received with a murmur of approbation. Roberts gradually moved ahead, and then brought his score from 196 to 262 by one break of 66, made principally by a succession of very fine cannons, and winning hazards at the top pocket. Lamb's best break at this juncture was eighteen, but he soon afterwards showed some good play, and got off two breaks 27 and 23. Roberts, who is a very quick player, and almost immediately makes up his mind as to what he intends to do, rattled away at the balls, at the same time displaying the greatest science. In the course of an hour and a quarter he had reached 300, and a splendid break of 85 obtained soon afterwards improved his position and brought him close up to 400. Lamb began to play slowly, and missed several of what appeared to be easy stocks, but he was good at the losing hazards, and tolerably safe on the cannons. Roberts exhibited sorxejeally fine play. Every stroke was made with judgment, accuracy, and precision. From his almost intuitive knowledge he was tolerably certain to know where the bells would land. When his score wood at 602 Lamb was 619, and he afterwards caught ' him at 644, and from that time Roberts walked away worn his opponent. Several times during the game Roberts had an opportunity of bringing his famous spot stroke into play, and on one occasion he pocketed the red ball no less than 24 consecutive times, wv number is few in comparison to what he can and has done with this particular stroke. wM?eate,t number of times mentioned is 104, Day This was certainly an exceptional case. The ÍniíP¿0tt-s screwed making rapid progress in an upward direction, and he kept adding to it by a series WS61"fi¿£ntly brought off cannons and brilliant essayist, The power pfplr-ywas well demonstrated last night in the way in which Roberts was enabled to I make the balls curve half over the table and into the pockets. ' Lamb played some really fine strokes, and from one break he scored 46, beginning at 712 and leaving off at 768. Roberts has no great specialty except for excellent play, but he is good all round the table, and taken anywhere. Lamb struggled hard to bring his score up, but the force of superior play was s g inst him, and at the close, when Roberts had scored his 1000, Lamb was only 809, leaving the champion a winner by 191 points, without reckoning the 400 given at the commencement. 