THE NEWS OF THE DAY. The business on the Legislative Council notice paper for to-day, consists, for tho most part, of the second reading and consideration in committee of Consolidation Bills. Tho Customs Duties Bill is also to bo dealt with in committee. In the Legisla tive Assembly, tho Mining Bills may be submitted by the hon. the Commissioner of Mines, and accom panied by a statement explanatory of their provisions. The orders of tho day relate to the consideration of the grants-in-aid to charitable institutions, the third reading of tho Real Property Act Amendment Bill, tho first reading of the Industrial and Reformatory Schools Bill, the consideration in committee of the Licensing Bill, and tho consideration of the amend ments made in committee on the Land Act Amend ment Bill, and tho Paid Naval and Military Forces Bill. Amongst the notices of motion are Mr Kytq's, relative to a grant of £500 towards erecting a statue to Shakspeare ; Mr Humffray's, for a return show ing tho cost of forwarding information as to letters detained on account of insufficiency of postage stamps ; and Mr M'Cann's for £30,000 for repairing works in country districts destroyed by iloods. If wo may believe our Queensland telegram, the notorious Frank Gardiner lias been captured at laBt. It appears that wearying of his predatory life, he adopted the more comfortable vocation of a boni face and took an hotel at tho Aplin Creek, Peak Downs, where he was arrested. He was lodged in Brisbane gaol on Saturday, whence he will be for warded to Sydney. M'Crae, who has become somewhat notorious during the last few days as a book fancier, and who, on Friday last, was remanded on a charge of stealing a volume of Alford's Greek Testament from Mr Stephens' shop, Collins streot, was, yesterday, arrested on another . warrant charging him with having stolen certain books from Mr Buzzard's es tablishment. He -was admitted to bail, and is to appear at the city police court this morning. The adjourned annual meeting of the Royal Society was held in tho Society's hall, Latrobe street, yesterday evening ; Dr. Macadam, president, in tho chair. There wore only fourteen members present. Tho business of tho meeting was solely for the election of office-bearers for the year, and members of council in tho room of those retiring by rotation. In tho course of the proceedings Dr. Mueller and Dr. Macadam took occasion to express their determination not to accept of any office in conuectiou with tho society, on the ground that thoy considcred there ought to be as large an infusion of now members as possible, aud also because of their inability, from the pressure of other engagements, to attend properly to tho duties of any office. Tho elections resulted as follows : — President, Professor M'Coy ; vice-presidents, tho Rev. Dr. Bleasdale and Dr. Gillbee ; treasurer, Mr A. K.Smith; librarian, Mr Stutzor ; custos, Mr Archer ; and secretary, Mr Ellery. Tho following gentlemen were elected to the vacancies in tho council : — Dr. Barker, Messrs E. Von Guerard, O. D'Oyley Aplin, T. C. Rawlings, and E. G. Fitzgibbon. It was intimated by tho chairman that for other vacancies that had occurred in the council, through tho election of members to honorary offices, a special meeting would shortly be held. A meeting of the electors of South Grant was held at Geolong on Saturday last. The meeting was convened at tho instance of Mr M'Cann, M.L.A., for the purpose of affording him an op portunity of stating his intentions with referenco to tho third reading of the Land Bill. Ho went into a lengthy explanation of t'ao measure, and de clared his determination to vote against its being read a third time. Ho stated, howevor, that, if his constituents desired the bill to pass, and if the meeting passed a resolution to that effect, he would accept such an expression of opinion as ovidonce that his views no longer accorded with those of the electors, and, that being so, ho would at once re sign his position as their member. He said he felt ho could not degrade tho position of a repre sentative, by consenting to act as a mere delegate, which ho would do if ho voted for a measure to which he . was conscientiously opposed ; neither did ho desire to retain his seat ono moment after he felt that he no longer represented tho opinions of his constituents. After considerable discussion, a motion was proposed by Mr Wilson, seconded by Mr Hall, ' That this meeting approves of tho Land Bill, aud desires that Mr M'Cann will vote for its being read a third tiaio.' To this an amendment was proposed by Mr Wjiie, seconded by Mr Kennedy, ' That Mr M'Cann bo desired to oxcrciso his own discretion iu tho matter.' The amendment on being put was carried by a large majority, there being over one hundred bauds for it, and fivo for tho original motion. A meeting of tho Garrick Club, convened for tho purpose of considering what Btops should bo taken in connection with tho proposed Shukspcare memo rial, was hold last night iu tho Garrick's Head Hotel. Mr W. H. Williams, the vice-president, occupied tho chair. After the disposal of some routine business, tho meeting proceeded to considor tho special business of tho evening. Tho seerotary read various minutes bearing on the subject, after which a somewhat desultory conversation ensued. Mr Rusden, secretary of tho memorial committee, stated that, in rogard to tho financial aspect of tho matter, there was £400 in tho bank, -which it had beea decided by a majority of tho subscribers to devoto towards the formation in the University of a Shakspeare scholarship, and that he could guarantee £200 more towards the same ond. Tho views of thoso who were in favor of a statue were . represented by about £40. He anticipated that the £000 he had already mentioned would speedily be increased to £1000, as Dr. Bromby and other gentlemen had agreed to deliver a course of lectures, the proceeds of whiih would also be devoted to tho purpose of founding a scholarship. After somo fur ther conversation, Mr Philp moved, and Mr Ford seconded, 'that in tho opinion of this meeting it is desirable to give a performance in aid of tho Shakspeare statue fund already in hand, and that immediate steps be taken for that purpose.' Tho motion was unanimously agreed to, as was also one to the cffect that his Excellency tho Governor bo requested to givo his patronage to tho perform ance. It was afterwards moved by Mr Philp, seconded by Mr Bulman, and carried unanimously, ' That Sir F. Murphy, Messrs James Smith and Dr. Neild bo invited to co-operate with the following members of tho club, Messrs Williams, Ford, Philp, Banks, and tho hon. secretary, as a committee to carry out the necessary arrangements of tho perfor mance ; and that the said committee have power to add to their number.' The ordinary business of tho society was then proceeded with, when tho resigna tion of Mr W. M. Hudspeth, secretary and member of the club, was accepted, and Mr J. M. Forde ap pointed hon. secretary pro tem. ; and Mr Bulman elected treasurer in lieu of Mr Weedow, who was incapacitated from holding , offico in consequence of his frequent non-attendance. Threo cases were disposed of in tho Old Court, yesterday, before his Honor Mr Justice Williams and special juries of four. In Forbes and wife v. Gilbert, an action for falso imprisonment and mali cious prosecution, arising out of a charge of stealing coals at Sandridge, tho jury wero unable to agree, and were discharged without giving a verdict. M'Ewan and Co., merchants, of Swanston street, in an action for goods 3old and delivered, recovered a verdict against the infaut heir-at- law of Alexander Moucur, late of Castlemaiue, for £115 14s 9d. Thurlow and another v. Perks and others, an action for ejectment, involved a question of disputed title to an allotment of land on tho Bridge road, Rich mond. A verdict was entered for tho plaintiffs by consent, a law point being reserved in favor of tho defendants. The nisi prius business will not be resumed in this court until Friday, the building be ing required in the interval for the purposes of the Melbourne Criminal Sessions, which commenco this morning. Tho Gipps Land Times says : — ' We have just been informed that tho Emerald Hill reefs, which lie at tho Gipps Land side of the dividing range, are yielding very rich returns, as much as 9G ounces to the ton has been reported. New discoveries of reefs are being made every day in the neighborhood of Emorald Hill, and nearly all tending to the Gipps Land sidn of the range. Another reef has been dis covered nt Donnelly's Creek, running parallel with the famed Edward's reef.' The following account of some late crushincB at Wood's Point is given by the Gipps Land Times of Friday last : — ' The Hope Company crushed 110 tons, which returned 900 ounces. An eighth sharo in Messrs Scott, Hurley and Co.'s claim has been sold for £2400 ; and £5000 has been refused for a fourth share in the same claim. In Messrs Casey aud M'Dermott's claim, a 16th sharo has been sold for £1010.' Last evening, at the Oxford street Congregational Chapel, East Collingwood, a lecture was delivered by Mr R. O. M'Coy, in connection with the Young Men's Mutual Improvement and Total Abstinence Association. The audience was scanty, possibly in consequenco of the weather, and tho chair was taken by T. Wilkinson, Esq., as advertised. The title of the lecture was ' Dominoes, Masks and Keeping up Appearances.' Under this general title the lecturer essayed a succession of brief indi vidual and social sketches, with aviow of illustrating the vanity and folly of mere sham and pretence, and the moral advantages of truth and reality. The subject was. handled simply and pleasingly, and appeared to gratify tho audience, to whose appre hension the lecturer completely adanted his remarks. The city council, yesterday, would have de spatched its business with unusual expedition and in harmony had not Cr. Story contrived to find an occasion of discord in a notice of motion respecting certain exemptions proposed in Gipps Ward. The key note being struck, was promptly responded to. and the strain continued by those excitable members who are always on the alert with impromptu speeches. Something worthier to be 'called an altercation than a debate at onco onsued, und, after spending an hour in this edifying way, the matter resumed its original position, and, having hurried over the rest of the notice paper, tho council dispersed in peace. A return match at cricket was played on the Richmond Ground, yesterday, between two elevens selected from tlio -compunios of the Royal and Hay market Theatres. Tho match resulted in a victory to the Royal team, with thirty-fivo runs to spare. As a game has been won by each club this season, the conquering match will be played in a few weeks. Subjoined is tho score : — Haymarket : First innings : — Collier, o Heir, b Rigby, 0 ; Stanley, b Ireland, 4 ; Cathcart, c Sullivan, b Ireland, 8 ; Gorman, b Ireland, 12 ; M'Gowan, b Rigby, 0 ; Everett, c Clarke, b Rigby, 7 ; Holloway, c Sullivan, b Ireland, I ; Edwards, c Sullivan, b Ireland, 3 ; Renno, b Ireland, 9 ; Musgrave, b Ireland, 1 ; Fry, not out, 4 ; byes, 3; wides, 3. Total, 55. Second innings : Renno, ran out, 13 ; Gorman, run out, 12 ; Cathcart, c Deering, b Sullivan, 8 ; Everett, b Heir, 0 j Collier, run out, 4 j Edwards, c Rigby, b Heir, 1; Holloway, run out, 0; M'Gowan, b Heir, 0 ; Fry, c Clarke, b Heir 2 ; Musgrave, not out, 0 ; Stanley, c and b Sullivan, 6 ; byes, 3 ; wide, 1. Total, 50 ; grand total, 105. The Royal — First innings : Deering, b Gorman, 1 ; Rigby, b Cathcart, 2 ; Audrcws, b Cathcart, 0 ; Clarke, b Cathcart, 2 ; Heir, b Cathcart, 4 ; Ireland, b and c Gorman, 7 ; Hope, b Cathcart, 0 ; Sullivan, b Cathcart, 14 ; Marsh, b Gorman, 0 ; C. Young, not oat, 3 ; J. Edouin, b Gorman, 2 ; byes, 3 ; wides, 2\. Total, 40. Second innings : Deering, run out, 14 ; Rigby, b Gorman, 17 ; Clarke, c Everett, b Gorman, 10 ; Sullivan, run out, 37 ; Ireland, b Everett, 0 ; Hope, o Gorman, b Cathcart, 13 ; C. Young, b Everett, 0 ; R. Heir, run out, 0 ; Andrews, not out, 2 ; Marsh, run out, 0 ; J. Edouin, b Cath cart, 0 ; byes, 4 ; leg bye, 1 ; wides, 3. Total, 101 ; grand total, 141. Certificates were granted by the Chief Commis sioner, iu tho Insolvent Court, yesterday, as follows : — Jane Bruce, of Castlemaine, publican ; James Patterson, of Collingwood, contractor ; Arthur Hewett, of Melbourne, conveyancer ; George Hop kinson, of Collingwood, laborer ; John Welsh, of Kilraore, laborer ; John Quirk, of Melbourne, con tractor ; George Jessop, of Kilraore, hotel-keeper ; Grant and Finnister, of Taradale, blacksmiths ; Edgar Bradley, of Melbourne, agent ; and Thomas Norberry, of Deep Creek, restaurateur. Though lengthy, tho chargo sheet of tho City Court, yestorday, consisted ma'nly of minor charges. Drunkards and disorderly characters wero arraigned in moro than average numbers, nnd several casss of outrageous public indecency were severely punished. There wero two petty larceny casos, in ono of which the offeuco was committed within two hour3 of the court opening. The offender was a decent looking woman, who had helped herself to some worked flouncing, in Mrs Finlay's shop, while doing early shopping in company with an acquaintance. At first she was disposed to go to a higher tribunal for trial, but afterwards she left the case in the hands of the bench, and was sent to gaol for three months. A movement has been initiated which there is every probability will result in producing a Victo rian 'en well able to uphold the honor of the colony in future intercolonial rifte matches. Yesterday's Star says : — ' Practico in most things, it ia said, in variably leads to perfection, and some of our Victo rian riflemen eeem determined to test the truth ol the saying and whether constant practice — not in one spot alone, but all over the colony — will lead to Buch proficiency in the use of the rifle ns will gua ranteo them in styling themselves the champions of Victoria. Tho contests of tho Victorian ten in a neighboring colony, and in various other places, have, therois no doubt, convinced them of tho neces sity of accustoming themselves to shoot at all ranges and under all circumstances, and they have therefore come to the determination to make tho round of the colony at stated periods, and practico at the different butts. Their first trial will be at Ballaarat on Saturday next, when there is no doubt but that there will bo a good attendance of those in terested in rifle shouting. Tho names of the ton are as follow : — Messrs Sleep (Ballaarat), and M'Cart ney, Kellow, M'Naughton, Fawcett, Cole, M'Clure, Templeton, Nowlandii nnd Couchman. Messrs Johnston and Cockren accompany the ten as emergency men.' Tho Creswick Advertiser state* that ' the produce of four bushels of potato oats, sown upon two and a half acres of land at Lennon's farm, Bullarook, ?was threshed last week by Mr Richardson's machine, and yielded three hundred and fifty-three and a half bushels.' Tho head-quarters band will play, this afternoon, at tho St. Kilda Park, the following pieces of music : — 1. Overture, ' The Merry Wives of Windsor,' Nicolai. 2. Quadrille, ' Freikugcln,' Vass. 3. Grand Selection, ' L'Eclair,' Holway. 4\. Grand Overture, ' Faust and Marguerite,' ? Siedo. 5. Waltz, '? Tho Dream of tho Ocean,' Gnng'l. 0. Grand Selection, ' Les Huguenots,' Meyerbeer. 7. Polka, ' Fanny Ellsler,' Fahrbach. God save the Queen. We understand that Lady Darling has signified hm- intention of being present in the park during tho performance. In another column will be fonnd a list of contributions in aid of the band, including £5 5s each from Messrs Bright Brothers, the Muff Cricket Match Committee, and Mr Throckmorton, and a silver cornopean from Dr. Beaney. His Honor Sir Redmond Barry aud a special jury of four were occupied the greater part of yesterday with tho caso of Hayes v. Clough and Co., in which the plaintiff, a brother of the patentee of Haves' scab specific, seeks to recover compensation for certain services performed as traveller for the de fendants, for which tho latter deny having promised remuneration. The case was only partly heard. In Tressider v. Courtney (official assignee), the plaintiff was nonsuited. A meoting of subscribers — for tho most part members of tho council — of tho Art Union of Vic toria, was held, yesterday, in Mr Summers's Art Gallery, for the purpose of considering the question whether the society should cease to exist. Tho support awarded for the present year is of the most meagre description : twenty-six subscribers having contributed thirty guineas. The society, however, is in a position, if wound up, to pay back nearly twenty Bliillings in the pouud. It seemed to bo tho general opinion that, unless the public came forward with a liberal support, it was vain to trust to the effort of a few individuals, and that the society should be at once dissolved ; but, to give the public an opportunity still to come forward, the meeting was adjourned till Monday next, at four o'clock, in Mr Summers'n gallery. A great treat has been provided, to-day, for the Sunday School children of Melbourne and ita vicinity, by airangements made with the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company, for the con veyance of some thousands of their number to Sandridge, where, if tho weather prove auspicious, they will have the pleasure of inspecting the mis sionary ship Day Spring, and subsequently of lis tening to appropriate addresses, in the railway com pany's spacious woolshed, from the missionaries of tho Now Hebrides. The Metropolitan corps of Royal Victorian Voltm ? teer Artillery are now encamped at tho Sandridge butts, in order that the men may have an opportu nity of qualifying themselves iu section firing aa effectives. Tho officers in command aro Captain F. W. Bull and Lieut. Steele ; and the Eastern Hill Corps are undor Captains Raven and Stokes, and Lieut. Gillbee. The men occupy fourteen tents and a marque has been crected for the purposes of re freshment. Tho cncampment commenced on Mon day, and will continue until Saturday ; tho volun teers coming into town to do business in the morn ings and returning to the camp each evening. The tempest that poured over Melbourne had a. most injurious effect, last evening, on tho appear ance of the Haymarket Theatre, and half the boxes wero untenanted for tho evening. On tho whole, however, considering the state of tho weather, there was a fair house to witness tho per formance of Mr and Mrs Charles ICeau in the great Shakspearian production of ' HamUt.' The particular merits of these great actors in this dra matic masterpieco are so well known to every theatre goer in Melbourne, and havo been so fully de scribed that it is unnecessary to say more than to chronicle a repetition of the success which attended the performance of the tragedy when last it was pro duced on these boards. Tho Hamlet of Mr Kean, with all its refined intelligence and art, was repro duced last night without any abatement from the excellence which has delighted audiences througlr so many years and in lands so remote. So smooth and even was the personation that it seemed aa if the mellowing hand of tirno had perfected the work of long- continued thought and study. The great play sceno and also that in the closet with the Queen Mother were nobly and consistently en acted, in spite of some deviations from critical views of, perhaps, a more intelligent conception of the poet's meaning than an elder race of Shakspearian critics havo acknowledged. Mrs Kean's Gertrude was, as on the occasion of the former production of the tragedy, alike fine in the conception and feeling in the working of it out. The cast was much, tho same as during the first Kean engagement, the principal alteration being that, through the indispo- . Bition of Mr Holloway, the heavy duty of playing tho G/ioat and Laertes fell on Mr J. F. Cathcart, who discharged this doublo dramatic labor with, intelligence and effect. The Ghost was spoken with poetical propriety ; and tho man of action in tho drama sustained his character with spirited vigor and elegance. Tho Clau dius of Mr Edwards was weighty without being ponderous ; and th e\Polonius of Mr Coppin. wholly divested of tho silly buffoonery with wliicli conventionalism has long surrounded the character. Mr Everott made a Horatio worthy the friendship . of JIamlet and Mr' M'Gowan a Shakspearian humorist in tho Gravedigger. Miss Chapman's ' Ophcl'a, without being an exalted, was a graceful and feeling personation. The play to-night will be ' The Merchant of Venice,' with Mr Kean aa Shyloch and Mrs Kean us I'ortia. The weathor of last night had the samo injurious effect in thinning the circles and seats of the Theatro Royal. Nevertheless the repetition of ' The Hunchback' lost little of its Saturday night's suc, cess. Again Miss Cleveland as Julia f and Mra Robert Heir as Helen, boro off the honors of the night for well sustained efforts to givo life, and feel ing, anil grace to tho creations of tlio dramatist. With the production of tho ' School for Scandal,!' this evening, an opportunity will_ be_ afforded for judging of Miss Cleveland's abilities in the higLest rank of English comedy. National Museum. — The number of visitors to the National Museum of natural^ history, geology, and economic geology applied to mining, agriculture, nnd tho arts during tho week mdiug 12th March, was 709. The Museums are open to , the public daily (Sundays oxeepted) from ten a.m. till six p.m., on' the north side of the University. N.B. — Tho University acquiring the extreme west room of those occupied by the national collections, it has been necessity to remove the European and. American specimeas, and a number of mining models into the unfinished portion of the National Museum building at Uie bock ol the University. 