NEWS AND NOTES. A monster meeting will be held in the Eastern Town Hall, this evening, for the purpose of con- sidering what steps shall be taken upon the tran- sportation question. The mayor of the borough will preside on the occasion, and we trust that the hall will be crowded, and that the meeting will be as unanimous and hearty upon the question as the meeting the other night in the Mechanics' Institute. With both boroughs in accord upon the subject, a united protest of some value may be made against the iniquity of which we all complain. Yesterday evening there was a meeting in the North Grant Hotel, Ballarat East, of gentlemen interested in the movement, to arrange about resolutions and appoint speakers. The Mayor filled the chair, and at the request of the meeting Mr Semple acted as secretary. After some conversational discussion it was decided that the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd resolutions adopted at the meeting of Tuesday evening, should be moved this evening as the first resolution, and that in addition the following should be proposed as the 2nd, viz:- "That a second petition be also prepared for trans- mission to Her Majesty the Queen, and submitted for signature to the women of the Ballarat district, being a special appeal to Her Majesty from her own sex, praying that the children of the colony may be saved from the pollution neces- sarily consequent upon association with felony." 3rd. That a committee be now appointed to co-ope- rate with that appointed at the public meeting held in Ballarat West on Tuesday evening, and that those united bodies, together with such other gentlemen as they may add to their number, form a "Ballarat District Anti- Transportation Association," which shall use every legitimate means that can be devised for putting a stop to the transportation of convicts from the United Kingdom to the Australian conti- nent, and continuing to employ such means until the object in view has been fully attained, such com- mittee to consist of the following gentlemen, viz.:- Mesars Fussell, Downes, Rowe, Anderson, Dodds, Steinfeld, Dyte ; Revds. Messrs Cummins and Albiston ; and Messrs Scott, Semple, Finlay, Young, Cornish, Hobson, Jones, and Lang. The following gentlemen were appointed to speak to the resolutions, viz.:- Revds. Messrs Cummins, Fraser, and Albiston, and the Venerable Arch- deacon Sheil; and Messrs Anderson, Semple, Downes, Dyte, Rowe, Steinfeld, and Scott. Yen Sing, of the firm of Quong Loy Coon, mer- chants, Main road, Ballarat, was found dead in his bed at eight o'clock on Thursday morning. Yen Sing had retired to his bedroom at about half-past eleven o'clock on the preceding night, taking with him (as was his practice) a small stove filled with lighted charcoal, and closing the door. The room is well furnished, but not provided with sufficient ventila- tion, and its occupant had on that account been frequently warned of the danger of sleeping with the door shut. In the morning, his partner, not finding Yen Sing rise as usual, proceeded to his room and found him quite dead in bed. Information was speedily given to the police and the coroner. The latter would have held an inquest on the body the same day, but time was given to summon and procure the attendance of the deceased's friends from Mel- bourne. The whole business, criminal and appellate, of the General Sessions, was disposed of on Thursday, in less than four hours and a-half. This is the shortest sessions ever known in Ballarat. Mr M. M. Pope last night met with an accident whilst driving a buggy on his way to Buninyong. Having got a couple of hundred yards or so beyond Spargo's Hotel, and being on the left hand side, a man, who stated that he was driving for Mr Thomp- son, corn merchant, pulled directly across the road, his near shaft taking Mr Pope in the groin and severely bruising him, and the weight of the horse breaking the splash-board, near wheel, and front axle. Fortunately no more serious injury was done, but Mr Pope was therefore unable to attend the meeting of electors at the Durham. Mr J. Lowe, of Geelong and St. Albans, who is a candidate for the South- Western Province, is now on a visit to Ballarat, and has, we understand, been so far well received. Mr Lowe is in favor of a land law which will give full scope to the agricul- turist and at the same time deal fairly with the pastoral tenant, and of a reduction in the qualifi- cations for members and voters for the election of members of the Legislative Council. Mr Lowe will issue an address and meet the electors as soon as the writ is issued. Dr Hope, whose term of office has recently expired, is in the field likewise, but he has not yet honored Ballarat with a visit. The following prisoners were disposed of at the General Sessions on Thursday:- Ann Russell, stealing in Dawson street, in a dwelling, eighteen months' im- prisonment ; James Maxwell, Stephen Cain and William Robinson, assault and robbery at a brothel in Esmond street, Cain, acquitted; Maxwell, three years' imprisonment; Robinson, seven years on the roads. Maria Williams, stealing from the person in a brothel; two years' imprisonment. John Bowles, stealing from the person, remanded to the Circuit Court; John O'Neil, pound rescue, fined one shilling. W. H. Pearce, obtaining money under false pre- tenses; remanded on bail to the Circuit Court. Mary Dickey, a wretched vagrant, was on the 19th ult. sentenced at the Eastern Police Court to six months' imprisonment in merciful consideration of her complicated ailments brought on by exposure and excesses. Sergeant Larner at that time stated that he had known her to be "knocking about like that, and continually drunk for a year past, and if she was let off she would some day be found dead in the street." On the woman's reception at the gaol, she was in such an exhausted state that she had at once to be conveyed into the gaol hospital, and could be kept alive only by the aid of stimu- lants. On Wednesday afternoon she expired, having been under the medical treatment of Mr Buuce ever since her admission, and on many pre- vious occasions; she having been an inmate of the gaol on charges of vagrancy at least five or six times within as many years. She was aged twenty- eight years, a native of Cork, and a prostitute. At the inquest held on Thursday, the governor of the gaol deposed to such of the above facts as had come within his province. Mr Bunce stated that he had known the woman for three or four years, and during the whole of that time she had been an inveterate drunkard. The post mortem examination revealed that the immediate cause of death was pneumonia supervening upon phthisis. Duncan Thompson was committed for trial at the District Police Court on Thursday, for assaulting a miner named James Simpson, at Sago Hill, several months ago. Simpson is at present in the hospital, suffering from injuries to his head, which it is believed he received at the time of the assault, and though his life is not in immediate danger, his rea- soning faculties have been so far impaired that it is doubtful whether he will ever fully recover their use. Owing to the length of time since the assault took place, and the want of evidence, the case will be one very difficult of proof. On Tuesday evening, Messrs T. Randall and M. M. Pope addressed the electors of the Scarsdale division of the electoral district of North Grenville, at Cross's Club Hotel. Owing to the inclemency of the weather, only about eighty persons were present. Mr J. McDonagh, Mayor of Browns and Scarsdale, occupied the chair, and in a few brief remarks explained the objects of the meeting. Mr Randall, on rising, said- I shall confine my remarks this evening to one or two subjects, my political opinions on a great variety of the topics of the day having been brought under your notice through the public press more than once. In my tour through Carngham and Linton districts, and this district, I am more and more impressed with the idea that great injustice has been done to the mining interest by the sale of auriferous land, especially in this district. If returned as one of your members, I can only reiterate what I have stated in other places, that I shall use my utmost endeavors to get passed a bill somewhat similar to that intro- duced by Mr Sullivan, and if possible a more liberal one. I should be for the miner, in the event of his neglecting to renew his miner's-right, being fined in a nominal sum (say a shilling) previous to his in- terest in a claim being declared forfeited. The candidate, after touching at some length on the auction system in connection with the land question, said he should be happy to answer any question that might be put to him. In answer to Mr Stanwix (in reference to the transportation question), the speaker said- We are all opposed to the transportation here of English convicts. While I do not agree with all that the Government has done in the matter, I think it quite competent that it should pass such a measure that any vessel touching at Western Australia shall be examined by a discreet officer; and any individual coming from thence should be immediately sent back, unless he can give satisfactory evidence that he is not a convict. A number of other questions were put and satisfactorily answered. It was pro- posed by Mr P. Murray, seconded by Mr McKenzie, and carried unanimously- "That Mr Thomas Ran- dall is a fit and proper person to represent the con- stituency of North Grenville in the ensuing Parlia- ment." Mr M. M. Pope was called on to address the meeting. This he did in a short speech, re- ferring principally to the question of transportation, and also his reasons for not voting on sundry Bills that had been brought before Parliament during the last session. Sundry questions having been put and answered, it was proposed by Mr E. Jackson, se- conded by Mr Syme, and carried- "That Mr M. M. Pope is a fit and proper person to represent the dis- trict in the ensuing Parliament." A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. We may as well here remark that, in our report of the proceedings at the candidates' meeting at Linton, the name of Mr Randall's seconder should be R.S. Nelson, instead of R. Latter. The case against John White for embezzling the sum of 8s belonging to his employer, Mr Michell, a butcher, resulted on Thursday in his being com- mitted for trial at the next Circuit Court. It appears that the right of barristers to exclusive audience at General Sessions is lost if there be not four barristers present, including the Crown prose- cutor. During a part of Thursday there were fewer than four barristers, present, and His Honor the Chairman took occasion to remark that as four bar- risters were not present he would have given audience to attorneys had any applied to be heard. A pair-oared boat race will take place to-day on Lake Wendouree, between two members of the Ballarat Rowing Club and two members of the Tay Club. The latter club has been recently formed. His Honor Judge Rogers, at the General Sessions on Thursday, directed that two prose- cutors who had been robbed during a night's debauchery, should not be allowed any expenses. This is a laudable manner of marking immorality and saving public money, and it would be a good thing in the interests both of economy and morality if every judge of assize and chairman of general sessions were to do as Judge Rogers has done, not only on this but on other occasions of a similar nature. We perceive that the enclosed mid street area in Sturt street between Lyons and Dawson streets is being planted with shrubs. The awkward turnstiles are also being removed, and are to be replaced by wickets at the eastern and western ends. The side entrances, however, are stopped up, but why we do not know. They would have been a convenience, and ought to have been left open with gates as at the ends. Shortly after six o'clock last evening, a chimney in the house of Mr Broadbent, Barkly street, caught fire, and the flames having been noticed by the watchman in the tower of the Ballarat Brigade, the bell was sounded. In a few minutes about thirty members of the brigade were at the engine-house, prepared for action, and the hose-truck was pulled out, but before it was taken far up the street, the fire was subdued. The firemen certainly deserve credit for their promptitude in turning out so nume- rously. The waters of Lake Wendouree have not lost their attraction, though the weather has been a little adverse of late to aquatic exercises. The heavy rains of the last week or two have materially increased the volume of water in the lake, and the need of banking in the water by filling up the hollows in the parade near the boating stations has been made all the more apparent. At present a good part of what ought to be promenade ground is under water, but if the hollows be filled the appearance of the lake will be improved and the comfort of visitors increased. Sailing boats are getting into more frequent use and request, while scullers ply their vocation as lustily as ever when- ever a break in the weather affords them an oppor- tunity. No landing place has yet been made by the Borough Council for visitors to the Botanical Gardens, but a pier has been run out from the south west end of the lake for the convenience of persons wishing to land there, and especially, we presume, for those who wish to patronise the new "Oriental" hotel just erected on that side of the lake. Before the lake can be properly available for boats, and especially for sailing boats, a great deal more clear- ing must be done, and we trust that the Water Com- mission will lose no time in pushing on as much of improvement in that way as is possible. The often mooted construction of islands, or at any rate of one good large central islands should also be attended to without any unnecessary delay. We have some reason to believe the commission is not averse to doing something in the ways we have indicated, and we are sure its constituents will be all the more grateful if some energy be shown in the business now finer weather may be fairly looked for. During the month of August 7427 letters and 2120 newspapers passed through the Linton Post- office; 3703 letters and 941 newspapers were posted at the office; 514 mails were despatched and re- ceived. Money orders to the amount of £31 13s were issued; money orders to the amount of £25 15s 6d were paid. At the Linton Police-court, on Thursday, before Messrs S. Lewers and M. H. Baird, Justices of the Peace, the following civil causes were called, viz.:- Laffann v Linton, wages; Mr Stoker for defendant; adjourned for seven days. Husel v Danby, goods; Mr Yeates for plaintiff. The contending parties (except Mr Husel) having been informed that a second magistrate would not be present, had left the court before the arrival of Mr Baird. After opening the court it was found in the latter case that the clerk had not given the summons to the police in time for service. The court was then adjourned for seven days. During the month of August the number of letters passed through the Learmonth Post-office was 1342, and of newspapers 510. The number of letters posted was 595, and of newspapers 115. Post-office orders to the amount of £71 12s 10d were issued during the same time. At the Eastern lock-up yesterday morning, a man named William Brown, who had been locked up on the previous evening on a charge of drunkenness, was discharged. A concert in aid of the funds for the erection of a public hall at Clunes, was given at the Kent Hotel on Monday evening. Madame Maes presided at the piano- forte, and executed a number of classical compositions in a very pleasing and artistic style. Messrs Simmons, Blanchard, and Lamble Brothers sang a variety of songs and glees, in a manner that elicited repeated applause. The room was crowded, and the receipts amounted to £10. A special meeting of the Council of the Borough of Clunes was held on Tuesday, for the purpose of considering tenders for the office of poundkeeper for the borough, and appointing some one to the office. Present- The Mayor and all the councillors. The following tenders were read:- John Baldry, £120 per annum; George Taylor, £135; Henry Reid, £80; John Fell, £150; Henry Collins, £200 ; John Lemcke, £234; Thomas Jenkins, £98; W. B. Dick, £160; John Trotter, £150; J. McLachlan, £272. The tender of Mr George Taylor was accepted, and he was consequently declared poundkeeper of the Borough of Clunes. "What is a Ghost " forms the subject of a lecture to be delivered in the Mechanics' Institute, this evening, by Dr Hickson. The lecturer proposes to deal with ghosts in their various phases, and we should think that with such a subject he will be able to render his lecture entertaining. Mr Gaskell addressed a meeting of electors, last evening, at the Bricklayer's Arms, Melbourne road. He recapitulated the articles of his political creed, and promised to hold another meeting at the same place, before the contest between himself and the other candidates would be brought to the decision of the poll. A vote of thanks to Mr Gaskell was passed unanimously. Some pigeon shooting matches are announced to take place at the Turf Hotel at noon to-day. At the Clunes Police Court, on Wednesday, before Messrs McLennon and Harvey, justices of the peace, Andrew Menzies, charged with having been drunk and disorderly, was fined 5s or twelve hours' impri- sonment; Matthew Hewton was charged with hav- ing wilfully destroyed a lamp belonging to the Borough Council, valued at £11 17s 10d; Mr Jessup appeared for the Borough Council, and Mr King for the defence; the prisoner was fined 1s, £11 17s 10d damages, and £1 1s costs,-or, in default, fourteen days' imprisonment. The following civil causes were afterwards called, viz.:- P. Lacey v E. Mark, £18, work and labor; Mr King appeared for the plaintiff; order for amount, and 22s 6d costs. J. Griffis v D. Cotton, £3 9s 7d, use and hire of a horse; Mr Jessup for the plaintiff; order for the amount and 25s costs. Niels Nicholson v W. Green, £1 2s 6d, use and occupation of a house; Mr Jessup for the plaintiff; order, by consent, for amount without costs. W. Lean v J. Kneebone, goods; struck out. The complimentary benefit to Mr S. Morwitch, at the Charlie Napier Theatre, on Thursday evening, was very well attended, and the theatre exhibited in the numerous attendance, quite a refreshing appear- ance. The upper parts of the house were, if any- thing, better patronised than the pit, the dress circle being well filled with a highly respectable audience. The performance, although somewhat lengthy, was most entertaining, and the audience appeared highly pleased with it throughout. The drama of the "Island Ape" was produced in a very creditable style, considering the means at the dis- posal of the company. The piece was followed by a concert and ballet, and also a display of acrobatic evolutions, after which the laughable farce of "Tom and Peter" was produced, which completed the programme. THE LOST CHILDREN.- The case of the little Duffs, who were lost in the Mallee between Harrow and Apsley, will certainly be regarded as one of the most astonishing cases of physical endurance on record. Were the facts not so thoroughly authenticated and patent beyond all contradiction, they would be almost incredible. Three children, from four or five to nine years of age, were travelling about in the scrub, in the coldest time of the year, most in ade- quately clothed to bear exposure, and remained nine days without food of any kind, and were for four days without water, and although greatly exhausted when found, were still in that state that their recovery is confidently hoped for. They were found only sixteen miles from the home station, but it is considered that they travelled at least fifty miles, and perhaps much more, in the nine days of their wanderings. In our first report, one or two slight inaccuracies crept in. We stated that the search had been relinquished. This was wrong, for it appears that to the best of their ability all persons in the neighborhood continued the search up to its successful issue. We stated the searching party was led by Mr Andrews. That gentleman writes to us and says we must have misunderstood him on that point, and wishes us to correct the matter, as for the greater part of the time Mr Dugald Smith himself superintended the search.- Hamilton Spectator, 31st August. THE TRANSPORTATION QUESTION.- As this is at present one of the most important questions before the public, we beg to offer a suggestion which, if thoroughly carried out, would prove more than any- thing how unanimous the Victorians are in protest- ing against transportation to any part of Austral- asia. We therefore suggest that a memorial to the Queen be adopted by every borough and shire within the colony. If this were done unanimously and promptly, there could not be a greater proof of our unanimity and earnestness in the matter.- Warr- nambool Examiner, 30th August. 