CURREU T TOPICS. The screw steamship Ofcago left Gravesend on Sunday, 6th November, but her.'latest dates are to 4th only. She called in at Cape Town, from wlipnce she brings'dates, to 10th December. The representative m Melbourne of Messrs Greville and Bird supplies the followine explanation of the detention of the news : """We got the Ofcago papers at 8 p.m last night, and put in a message requesting them to wake up Geelong. This morning T am told they were unable to do so. Of what use is it for the station.master to reside on the premises and have a boll of communication, if on occasion of emergency he.eamiot be spoken with ?" It is but fair lo add, howerer, thai >eelong was not the only office that could not be waked up, for not one of the country papers of yesterday morning had a line of the news. The first of a Feries of prayer meetings was held in the McKtllop street Congregational Church last evening. The meeting w*s well ttended. The choir sang several pieces of music during the evening. The Revs. Messrs Wells, Campbell, Landclls, and other ministers engaged in prayer. This evening the meeting w.ll be held at the High Church, Gherir.ghap street. The Rev Canon Russell is announced to lecture this evening, at the Mechanics' Hall, on " Ghost Stoiies." .As this lecture, we under stand, lias been exceedingly popular in South Australia, we trust that Mr Russell will have a goodly number of hearera in Geelong. The drama of "Court and Stage," played last night at tho Theatre Royal, is not without interpst to those who choose to regard the representation purely in the' light of an historical picture. The lending incidents of the reign of the scapegrace Charles (not be of orthodox memory), rank with the most pleasantly remembered lessons of scbool-bo.v days, for what Goldsmith and Simpson failed to Bupply of the orange girl's history Young England acquired jp small stolen doses from the cheap periodical- literature of the day. 'The character nf- NV.lJ Owj-nne ia one which Miss Gougenheim hajmade entirely tier own, Rod every phase of :Nrll's career is studied to a point that-almo3t-.<lefics criticism. There is no repulsive exhibition of the intrigues of which she is the subject, but rather a flood of generous impulses, which in a thousand ways betray the heart of a woman who knows the world and loves it for its goodness, and can laugh at it for follies. Her discovery of Richmond's danger, Frances Stewart's love for him, and her ar rangement for their private nuptials, was an inimitable piece of acting; and her soliloquy upon the ecene while the marriage is beiv g performed was so perfect a triumph of hiE trionic ort that it won from tho house an ovation of applause. Her coquetting with Pepys (Mr Greville) in this set, to induce him to furnish a priest to perform the marriage rite, was an admirable illustration of her versa tile talent, and evinced a perception of parts that mnst be founded on a natural and spon taneous adoption of the best school of act ing. There was a prolonged call when the curtain fell, and 3Iiss Gougenheim came forward with Mr Greville, and was long and loudly applauded. We cannot, in justice to Miss James, pass over without notice her more than careful rendering of the arduous part of Fiances Stewart. Her acting was tender, impassioned, and truthful in the highest degree, and the impression she created won for her laurels, which, shared in such company, she may well he proud of. Mr Creswick as Duke of I Richmond and Mr snute as ijora liucaing ham were very effective. We regret that «e cannot say as much for the king, whoso pen sive mood conveyed to tho mind of the be holders anything but the historic idea oi the merry monareh. Mr tshuto made an excellent hit as the plague struck Mayor Wildmnn and his acting throughout evinced careful study, and a perfect conception of tin character. What little there was for the Queen to do, was very creditably sustained by Miss Allen, and the subordinate parts were generally well played out. The farce of "a Regular Fir," was the afterpiece, in which nearly the whole company appeared To-night Miss Gougenheim will appear as Hester Grazebrook in the play of " Tile Une qual Match." If theatrical reputation be taken at any value in Geelong, there should bo crowded houses at the R iyal during the Bhort engagement of Miss Gougenheim, for this lady's appearance at the Theatre Royal, Adelaide, created quite a furore of excitement and was a golden claim to the management. We should add that tho prices at the Royal have been wisely reduced to the old standard. There was nothing done yesterday at the NewtownPolics Court. Mr Champion, J.P., was in attendance. The Treasurer of the Hospital desires to acknowledge the receipt of L20 from the Rev. W. L. BinKs, being collections in Wealt-yan churches in aid of the Institution. Tha Alhambra, steamer, arrived from Otago yesterday afternoon, bringing upwards of oou ounces of gold, and over ono hundred pas rears. Har dots- •>-- <">m jjecomber. te news rs unimportant. AIL about the Grange, the Wannon, &c.;, complaints are very rifo respecting destruction of crops by insect pe3ts. The Hamilton Spec tator says:—" The complaints against the grub or caterpillar still continue. Not con lent with the crops of corn in this district the caterpillars are attacking the gardens, nnd in particular eating off the pods of peas and beans. We have not yet heard of tliem touch ing the cabbages or similar vegetables." The Coleraine correspondent of the Hamilton Free Press writes :—" The crops here are in a de plorable condition owing to myriads of grubs or oaterpillars devastating whole paddocks in a few days. They seems to spring from a red fly, as I have seen several of those, ere tho grubs made their appearance, and now the grubs are disappearing in an equal ratio as the fhes increase. They have done oil the damage they well can do: as I have seen many pitches of what was once oats now nothing left but tho green straw. A great many farmers are cutting their corn for hay, for which it is not likely the demand will come up to the supply. In fact there seems but a poor prospect for the farmers of this neigh bourhood this year, as many have but lately commenced farming operations this whole sale destruction of their crops will be ruinous." Tho Wannon correspondent of the same journal makes similar complaint, and suggests a remedy, which he avers has proved successful wherever tried:—"Get two strong horses, and a stout rope that will extend loosely over a breadth of five or six furrows of com. Place a horse at each end of this breadth, with one end of the rope attached to each of their collars. Then let the horses move for ward at a brisk walk, and the rope will be dragged along tho crop, upon the principle of stroking a cat's back the wrong y>ay, and as each blade rebounds back, the caterpillaro are most effectually shaken off, and remain, from the fright of the shock, in a state of lethargy for some time. If this plan be re peated at sunns", and before sunset, when the animals are most mischievous, the result will be a oerfect immunity from destruction, without injurittg tho groin. Two men, and two good horses, can gf> over a spaco of forty acres in en hour." J~ A distressing case of suicide occurred at Hamilton last week, Mr J. C. Young, of the firm of Brown and Young, tailors, in Hamilton, Bitot himself through the head with a gun. The following were the leading points brought out at the inquest:—William Brown Baid— deceased was my. partner. For some time past, about three or four months, he has been in a very low and-desponding state of mind. He accounted for his troubles, to me—that his heart was broken from the ingratitude of one Crerar, who was under great obligations to deceased, and induced him to build the bouse he lately occupied, Crerar supplying the mate iiale, telling him he need not pay for them till convenient, but no sooner was the house built than Crerar began to press him, and threatened that if he did not get the money he wngld put him in court. He only owed L80 on his house, L40 of which came due on tho 4th January. He was fearful he should not be able to meet this bill without distressing the business. The bill could heve been met quite easily, but he would never open his mind and discuss his difficulties. He was very reserved, and I always thought him just such a person as would commit suicide. He was a very Bober man. ' Esther Ann Young, widow of the deceased, deposed that for tho last few weeks he had been very low spirited. Every morn ing, at about 2, 3 and 4 o'clock, he would get up, and .walk about the house talking to himself. The last time I Baw him alive was at breakfast-time on Saturday morning; he 6eemed in a great way about something. I asked him what was the matter ? He said it was " All matter together." about three weeks ago he was very much depressed, and said to me, " I think the best thing we can do is to get jolly well drunk, and go ond throw ourselves in the creek.", 1 said "go along, don'i talk such rubbish." He said'nothing mow to induce nje to think he meant to destroy himself, but I was not satisfied. The gun used to be kept in the bedroom, but he lately removed it into the kitchen, saying ft was a more fit place to keep it. He was not in the habit of drinking. I There was never any drink in the house, ex-1 eeptin^ $lf9 WffiaH ei spirits. Xba diffteuUjr about the house was his great trouble. He « was always complaining about having been ^ led into it by Crerar, and thought ho had beon { robbed with regard to it He said it was I Dr M'Donahl deposed to the state of; the body, which was found stretched on the floor of the kitchen, in a large pool of blood, and lying on a double barrelled gun. The whole of the head and the grcan r part of the f-«ce wa3 entirely blown away, and the walls and theroof ofthe apartment were spattered all over with blood and porti ms of flesh and brains The body was only partially dressed ; from its position it was evident that tbc drcensed had placed the muzzle of the gun in his mouth ana ' had discharged it with his foot; from the terrible effect it produced it must have been heavily loaded. The jury returned a verdic' —" That the deceased, John Clark Young, committed suicide while in a state of tem porary insanity." Comunn na Feinne.—The competitor for throwing tho 321b shot, at the late celebration at the Comunn na Feinne ground, is Australian born, only 17 years of age, son of Mr Donald Cameron, the blacksmith, of La* trobe Terrace. The following was the state of Her Majesty's Qaol on Saturday, January 2ud, 1861:—For trial 7 males; remanded 4 males; medical inquiry 5 males; road gang 3 males; hard labour43 males,4 females; confines 11 males, 9 females; lunatics 3 males, 7 females; bail 1 male ; debtors 1 male. Total, 77 males, 20 females. 