Suntntarg of European Nefcos. Wf, compile the following summary from the < Home News' of Feb. 26 and other jour nals In the fifth annual detailed report of the Registrar-General of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland, just published, the following interesting lacts are given respect ing the year 1859, which is the last year with which the repot t deals. In England, in 1859, only 3.84- legitimate children were born for every marriage which occurred, while in Scotland during the same year 4.56 were bom. In Scotland, every 308 married women gave birth to as many children an nually as 350 do in England. Of 106,543 children born during the year in Scotland, 96,828 were legitimate, and 9715 were ille gitimate, being in tbe proportion of one in' every 10.9 births, or 9.1 per cent, of the illegitimate births. It appears from a com parison with former years, that the number of illegitimate births are on the increase in Scotland. In Sweden there is 9.3 per cent, of the births illegitimate; in Denmark, .9 3 per cent.; in Hanover, 10.1 ; in Austria, 11.2 per cent.; in Saxony, 14.8 per cent.; in Wurtemberg, 16.0 per cent.; while in Bavaria 21.9 per cent, are illegitimate. In Scotland, during the year 1859, there were 460,763 unmarried women between tbe ages of 15 and 45 years. Illegitimacy in Scotland differs as widely as .possible from illegitimacy on tbe continent, in tbe striking fact that in Scotland the proportion of illegi timate births is higher in the rural dis I tricts than it is the towns; whereas, over the whole continent of Europe, tbe towns yield from three to six times a greater pro portion of illegitimate births than the rural districts. A young lady of about 20 years of age, the daughter of one of the first Edinburgh fami lies, eloped recently with a young shopman in a large establishment in Princes-street. 1 Tbe brother of the lady immediately followed them to London, but found on his arriving there that they had departed for Paris. He pursued them to the gay capital, and, aided bv the authorities, discovered them in apart ments in a fashionable hotel. Finding that bis sister would not come, he threatened tbe j gay Lothario with personal chastisement, but, I in attempting it, he was knocked down. , The noise brought up the proprietor and I others of the hotel, who carried off the pros trate gentleman, and consigned him to tbe care of the commissary of police, who accom modated him with prison lodgings, and from | which next day he was only released through | the explanation of the young husband, for it appears he had married the lady in Edin burgh one week before their departure. The lady has an ample fortune at her own dis | posal, and it is said it was the intention of | her parents to wed her to an old gouty ge neral, well known in tbe community, and the proprietor of considerable estates. On tbe 11th of February, the Prince and Princess of Wales proceeded to St. Leonards. The infant prince, who continues in tbe enjoyment of good health, will be christened at Buckingham-palace on March 10, the an niversary of the wedding-day of his royal parents. The first two names of the young prince will be Albert and Victor. Their royal highnesses returned to London on Fe bruary 23. Active measures are being taken for the prosecution of the works of the Thames em bankment on the northern side of the river. At a few yards east of Westminster-bridge piles of immense size have been driven in, and machinery of a very formidable character introduced, upon which large numbers of men ate actively employed. The premises occupied by the Colonial Life-Office in Lombard-street have just been sold for £30,000, the lease bavmg about 70 years to run at a rent of £500 a vear. The area occupied is about 1000 feet. The first of tbe buildings which has been erected by the committee, to whom tbe dis posal of Mr. Peabody's munificent gift to the .city of London was referred, will be Teady for occupation in tbe course of tbe present month. The building, which has cos £22,000, is situate in Betbnal-green. Tbe applications for rooms have far outstripped the means of the committee to supply them, and some difficulty has been experienced in making a selection out of tbe number. A youth, about 35 years of age, has been committed to York Castle for firing bis j master's stackyard in revenge for some fancied injury. This is the third prisoner committed for the recent Yorkshire fires. A ! movement is on foot in the East Riding to memorialise Government to bring in a bill to legalise the use of tbe lash in cases of con victed incendiarism, as is now legal in the punishment of garotters. A working-man was bitten by a mad dog in November last. His band was much lacerated, but being immediately dressed by a surgeon, healed rapidly, although many weeks elapsed before tbe cure appeared com plete. On the 21st January the wound was so much better that the man went to work; but on the 26tb he felt very unwell and went home. On the 2Sth he became worse, and in the evening it was as much as four or five men could do to hold him, and the dangerous symptoms of hydrophobia had greatly increased. He suffered indescribable agony, and after remaining for a short time composed, he died on the evening of Jan. 29. A girl, aged 15 years, went out one night recently into the back-yard to get some water at the tap. She saw one or two men on the roof of the house near the parapet. She shrieked out much terrified, and she called her brother. He ran out and saw the top of a man's hat as he was making his escape. The girl went indoors, but she was so ter rified that her brother had to go into her as sistance. She was taken seriously ill, and a doctor was sent for, who found her labouring under the effects produced by sudden terror. Next day she became insensible, and some hours afterwards expired. The immediate cause of death was apoplexy, resulting from the fright she bad sustained. A sad accident happened at Camberwell, which resulted in loss of life. Mr. Tripp, an oilman and tallow chandler, left two daughters, who were young women, in charge of his shop. Although one of them, 30 years of age, had been cautioned against such an act, she persisted in mixing some preparation consisting of phosphorus and de tonating powder with a knife, and the con sequence was that it exploded with great force and inflicted serious injuries upon her. She was at once removed to the hospital, but died before reaching it. An inquest has been held at St. John's wood, on the body of Mrs. Stoke, wife of Mr. F. Stoke, barrister-at-law, who was burnt to death by her cap-strings catching fire. Verdict, " Accidental death." The coroner said something should be done to render female apparel less liable to catch fire. In 15 years, 40,000 persons had died from burns, being at the rate of eight a day. As a carman was driving his horse and van along Chapel-street, Marylebone, a woman stepped from the gutter on to the pavement, and just as tbe vehicle was opposite to fcer, she suddenly jumped into the road, and threw herself down in front of the wheels, one of , which passed over her and so dreadfully in jured her that she soon afterwards died. An inquiry was held on tbe body of a boy, aged 14, who came by his death recently under the following peculiar circumstances. Several boys were having a game at snow balling, at Kilburn, when one of tbem hit tbe deceased -with one of tbe snowballs, and he fell down insensible, was taken home, and j died in a few hours afterwards. Medical evidence was adduced, and the jury found a verdict—" That the deceased died from an injury sustained accidentally while playing at snowballing. A sad railway accident took place on the York, Whitby, and Scarborough line. The train was as usual drawn up tbe Grosment incline by a rope attached to a fixed engine, and when a considerable way up the rope broke with tbe strain, and tbe train rushed back down tbe incline, left the rails and ' overturned. Two of tbe passengers were killed and several others severely injured. A man named William Cox, aged 52 years, a notorious miser, was recently dis- > covered dead at his residence. For some i time past the deceased occupied a room at a low rent in tbe Model Lodging-house, Co lumbia-square, Betbnal-green. He was found lying dead on the floor, his head in the grate, where, however, no fire had been. On the table was some money, which be had apparently been counting when seized with I his death-fit. His clothes were not worth a shilling, and tbe stockings were sewed on his feet, and had literally grown into the flesh. He was in a state of emaciation. Deeds, leases, policies of insurance, money, watches, and other property, to the value of between £60u0 and £7000, were found lying about | and concealed in tbe room. Amongst other articles, 17 coats, the same number of waist j coats, and 17 pairs of boots, all nearly new, were found in tbe place. Two hundredweight of coals, which, it is ascertained, were pur ! chased by him six months ago—doubtless because they were then cheap—were found i nearly untouched. It was his habit during I the severe weather to sit shiyering in his j room, and no one could induce him to allow ! a fire to be made. A large quantity of food was also found in the room. I Mrs. Dawson, residing at North Shields, wife of an absent sailor, went to bed with her [ child who was sick. Before retiring to rest she placed a candle close to the bed. Next | morning, as she did not appear, her sister ! sent a girl to enquire about the child, who noticed smoke issuingfrom the keyhole. An alarm was given and a- man entered the bouse by a window, and found mother and child wasting by a slow fire burning on the mattress. They were quite dead. It appears from some elaborate statistics compiled by Mr. G. Shane, of Birmingham, that the number of patents applied for in 1863 was 3309 against 3490 in 1862,3276 in 1861, 3196 in 1860, 3000 in 1859, and 3009 in 1858. Tbe ' Cambria Leader' says that recently a lad aged 14, living at Dowlais, went out into the back-yard in the evening and re turned almost instantly in great fright, ex claiming that be had seen his own ghost. When sufficiently recovered to give an ac count, he said that on opening the back door besaw himself, white and deathlike, standing in front, and be at once ran back. His friends endeavoured to joke him out of the belief, but he was not to be shaken; and, singular to add, be sickened and, though a healthy lad up to the date of his fright, grew worse and died. Mr. G. V. Brooke, the tragedian, while playing Richelieu in the Belfast Theatre, was so annoyed by some expressions of dis approbation from tbe audience tbat be stopped in tbe middle of bis performance, and, ad dressing the public—the public who had paid —said :—" Gentlemen—I have been accus tomed to be treated by a Belfast audience with courtesy. I won't stand this!" and walked off the stage; nor could any solicita tions induce bim to appear again. The secret of this extraordinary scene was that Mr. Brooke had incurred the displeasure of the audience by appearing on tbe stage in a condition which they justly regarded as an insult. He was incapable of playing his part. A match at billiards took place on Feb. 9, for £260, at tbe house of Mr. Pigott, Concert Inn, York-street, Manchester, between Mr. Roberts, the champion of England, and Mr. W. Green, of the Queen's Hotel, Liverpool — Roberts giving Green 375 points in 1009. Mr. Green is a player of great pretensions, which he fully proved from his play during tbe game, success being almost certain at one part. When, however, Roberts warmed to his work, he showed some of bis wonderful strokes, his first great break being 108 off tbe balls, out of which there were 34 successive winning hazards. His next was 124 off the bails, and afterwards he made 125 off, with 24 successive winning hazards. Mr. Green's greatest break was 59. At the conclusion of the game, which lasted three hours, Mr. \ Roberts proved the winner by 173 points, the final score standing—Roberts, 1001; Green, i 828. An interesting match at draughts between Wyllie (the " Herd Laddie") and Martin, of London, bas ended in the victory being gamed by Wyilie, after 18 days' play- The match was commenced on Tuesday, the 18th of January, in one ot the rooms belonging to the Trades'-house, and was concluded on Saturday evening, the 6th of February, four games having been played during the day, both players winning a game, and the other two being drawn. In all, 62 games have been played, of which Wyllie has gained 10 and Martin five, leaving 4? which have been drawn. The mateh was played forithe championship of England and Scotland^bo sum of £100, and £5 for each game. Thus Wyllie, who stood five games ahead of his opponent at the conclusion of the match, claims £25 in addition to the honour of cbampiouship and the major prize of £100. An inquest on the body of a little girl held at Limebouse, London, has revealed a terrible state of starvation in a whole family. The father of the deceased is a sawyer, who for sis. weeks passed bad not earned sixpence, and who is now in the Fever Hospital. The mother does slopwork, and can earn sixpence a day; out of which she has to pay Is. a week for rent, and keep herself and five children. She had, however, been in the infirmary with fever. The workhouse authorities refused to relieve them unless tbey came into the bouse, which tbey de clined to do. The result was the death of the youngest and weakest of the family of sheer starvation. The circumstances connected with the death of Mrs. Frances Chappeii, aged 50, the wife of a medical bottle merchant, carrying on business at George-street, Trafalgar-street, Newington, have been investigated. The evi dence proved that the deceased had poisoned herself while in a desponding state of mind, which it was supposed was caused through the drunken habits of her husband. The jury returned a verdict. *' That the deceased committed suicide whilst in a state of mental despondency." The husband of the deceased stated that he had wished the parish to bury his wife, as be had not the means.—The Coroner: What do you earn a week ?—Wit ness : From £6 to £7-—The Coroner: And you want to get the parish to bury your wife ! What have you done with your earnings ?— Witness: I spent the money in drink, but I won't do so again.—The coroner said that although he had not been legally charged with murder be had been morally guilty, and had by bis misconduct caused bis wife to de stroy herself. A fire recently broke out in the Mint, Borough, inhabited by probably the lowest and most wretched of the population of Lon don. How the fire originated does not appear to be known; it was first discovered by tho policeman on the beat in a bouse which was crowded from top to bottom with lodgers. The flames soon attained to a great height, and darting across the narrow street nearly set fire to the opposite house before the fire engines arrived. When they were got into operation the flames were quickly subdued. A great number of persons made their escape from the building, some appearing to be almost enveloped in flames; but it was found when the bouse was entered that three men— a crossing sweeper and tw^ dock labourers— who were in one of the rooms, had perished in tbe flames. A labourer bas been shot in Warwickshire by a gamekeeper. The murdered man's name was Clifton ; that of bis slayer, Ditton. Tbe latter was gamekeeper to D. J. Sheldon, Esq., at Brailes, and appears to have made himself most obnoxious by the manner in which be bad brought charges of breaches of the game l£nrs against the labourers of the parish. No poaching, however, led to tbe crime which he bas committed. Glifton was ( walking along a footpath across a field when Ditton ordered him back, and took bim by the collar to force him. A struggle in which Clifton freed himself from fTnSas sailant's grasp, and struck him with'a stick. Ditton then raised bis gun and deliberately, in tbe sight of witnesses, shot the poor fellow dead. A coroner's jury have returned a verdict of " Wilful murder" against the gamekeeper. A fire has occurred at Pengwern (one of the most delightful of Cambrian retreats, sur rounded by fine woods and meadow lands), by which the family mansion of the late Lord Mostyn, and the recent residence of tbe Hon. T. P. Lloyd and the Misses Lloyd, was totally destroyed by fire. The fire was dis covered in the early part of the evening, and from that time until a late hour at night every attempt was made by the neighbours (as well as by many of the inhabitants of Rhyl, St. Asaph, and Rhuddlan) to suppress the flames, but all to no avail. At present it is impossible to calculate the loss sustained by the noble proprietor; but when it is known that, in addition to costly ornaments and family paintings (including some of the choicest productions of tbe Dutch, Italian, and English schools), most, if not all, of the rare and valuable library of Welsh records and manuscripts, known as the " Mostyn Collection," have been seriously damaged, some estimate may be formed of the conse quences of the fire. The literati of Wales have drawn deeply from the font of anti quated lore in relation to the customs and in stitutions of the ancient Cymry contained in these documents and will hear with sorrow of tbeir loss. Dead or Alive.—Two young Irishmen happened to get into an affray in which one of them was knocked down. His comrade ran up to him,., and cried out, "Zounds, Dennis, if you be dead,' spake!" " I'm not dead," replied the other, " but spacheless." 