NATHAN ROTHSCHILD, flTiOM TIIE IUIt.WAY I.T.WS.l The career of Nathan, after tlio battle of Water loo. continued to be eminently prosperous. He mado money even in speculations that turned out bad, such as the English loan of twelvo millions, for which he bccamo rcsponsibla in 1819, and which fell to a discount; but not beforo Nathan liad relieved himself of all liability. But liis greatest successes wero in foreign loans, which he I was tho first to make popular in England by in troducing tho payment of dividends, which formerly took placo abroad, ia tho London market, and fixing tho rate in tho sterling money. Dating from about tho year 1819 tho transactions cf Nathan von Rothschild wero spread over tho entire globe. He negotiated loans with the Czar of all the Russias, as ?well as with tho South American Republics ; and made bargains at tho same timo with the Pope of Roino and tlio- Turkish Sultan. Nothing seemed too gigantic for his grasp ; nothing too minute for his notico. But whilo investing the profits of a bargain of ten millions, aud purchasing an cstato of £115,000 with tho premium of a single foreign loan, lio at the same time calculated to a penny tho wages on which a clerk was able to live at Cumberwell, say a clerk with a wife and seven children and meat onco a week. It was characteristic of Nathan tnat no never pain ins em/nvyes a iariumg more than was necessary for their bare subsistence ; or nt least not a farthing moro than they could compel him to pay. This meanness towards thoso who assisted liim iu building up tho edifice of his enormous fortuno ia a reproach to tho character of tho great financier, from which even his warmest admirers have not been ablo to freo him. Notwithstanding his avarico in ordinary life, Nathan ItotliBcliild was fond of showing liis wealth in luxuri ous entertainments and sumptuous banquets, to which he invited the aristocracy of rank and birth, though not that of talent. Peers and princes of the blood sat at- bis tablo ; bishops and archbishops bowed beforo him ; and those who preached loudest against Mammon wero foremost in worshipping tho successful representative of tho golden guinea. At liis grand entertainments, Nathan, who was really a very uneducated man, anl scarcely ablo to write, covered his ignorance by nn affected brus/juerie of speech and manner which, though it imposed on some, mado him extremely ludicrous in tlio eyes of others. Thus lie- was a constaut mark of tho satirists of tho day. His huge and slovenly appearance ; tlio lounging attitude lie assumed when leaning agaiust his pillar at tho Royal Exchange ; his rugged speech, with strongly marked Jewish accent and idiom, made caricaturo oasy, and gave him up an helpless ?victim to his enemies. Of these ho had many — some of them created, no doubt, by envy — but also a large number of others whom ho liad ruined, or who fancied themselves ruined by him. Few weeks pasEcd in tho lattor part of his career without his receiving threatening letters, informing him that, anless he should deposit a certain sum of money at ii given place, ho would bo shot, or poisoned, or, mum uuri.uiy, muwii up iu ms nouse in 1'iccaamy. Theso threats sometimes took such an effect upon Nathan Rothschild as to haunt him like a niglit maro. Ono day, two tall, moustached men — it must bo remembered that this was tho anti- moustache period— wero shown into his privato parlor at tho St. Swithin's lane counting-house. Nathan bowed ; tho visitors bowed. Nathan arose ; and his bearded visitors moved close up to him, thoir hands fumbling I about in the pockets of their greatcoats. Nathan saw it at aglance— tho moustachioedf ellows had como to shoot him, their hands searching for deadly weapons in their pockets. Quick as lightning, Nathan took tip his brass-hound ledger and hurled it at tho heads of tho strangers, at tho same timo screaming ' Murder !' in a paroxysm of fright. The screams brought all tho clerks aud porters of tho houso into the sanctum of tho millionaire. Explanations took place, when it was fouud that tho two inonstaclred Strangers wero rich bankers from abroad, who, with a litlln nervou-- anxiety in tho presence of the Ciesar of tho Slock Exchange, had fumbled in their pockets for letters of introduction and other necessary cre dentials. ' Yon must bo a happy man, Mr Hothscliild,' said onco a' gentleman sitting ut Nathan's banqueting table, and glancing round at tho superb oppointments of tho mansion of his host. ' Happy ! — mo hapiiyl' was tho reply. 'What! lappy, when just as you are going to dino yon liavo a lotter letter placed in yoar hands, saying, 1 If you do not send mo £500, 1 will blow your brains out.' Happy ! mo happy !' Instead of with his ivifc, Nathan frequently slept with a pair of loaded pistols by his side. Poor Nathan. In tlio year 1831 Nathan Rothschild did a stroke of busicess which, -?- -whilo it brought him and his' house immenso profits, also heaped upon tlicm not a littlo obloquy, freely expressed in many English and foreign newspapers. It is well known that tho supply of mercury is ex ceeding limited, being, , in fact, almost entirely drawn from two mines — thoso of Almaden, in Spain, and of Idria, ncar.Adelslierg, in lllyria. The mines of Almaden, which wero known to tho Greeks soven hundred years beforo Christ, and which furnished £700,000 annually to Romo during tho Im perial era, fell somewhat into neglect, on account of tho Nopolconic war3, at tho commencement of tho present century, so that tho Spanish Government derived loss profit ' from thom than formerly. Under theso circum stances, when tho ministers of his Catholic Ma jesty wero hard up for funds, in 1831, thoy enter tained tho application of Nathan to furnish them with a loan, on condition of tho Almaden mines being mado over to him for a number of years as security. Tho bargain was struck, and tho houso of Itothschild entered into possession of tho mines, commencing tho businoss by immediately doubling tho prico of Almaden mercury. Tho commercial ?world, much astonished at this step, addressed i/self to Idria ; and then it was discovered that tho mines of Idria had passed likewise, very quietly into the hands of Nathan Rothschild, who had settled, of course, tho prico of tho mercury on tho samo scale as that of Almaden. By this littlo transaction tho lioaso of Rothschild obtained a complete monopoly in tho sale of mercury, and Nathan was ablo to settle tho prico of tho article, indispensable for many pur poses, at his counting-house, without fear of compe tition. This clever stroke of business — as profitable as it was clever — had ono notablo consequence for tho sick and suffering of all nations. Mercurial preparations, largely employed in medicino, are no inoro manufactured from tho pnro metal ns obtained from tho mines, but from tho refuse of other articles containing quicksilver, such as tho foilof old mirrors and looking-glasses. It would be interesting, if the statistics were given, to calculate how many pounds sterling the houso of Rothschild made by tho little mercury business, and how many persons died in conscquenco of bad mercurial medicines. Tho gniding principlo in all tho affairs of tho houso of Eothscliild was tho co-partnership of its members, enjoined on his deathbed by Moyer Anselin, tho founder of the houso. To strengthen this bond of nnion, Nathan conceived tho idea of establishing blood-alliances betweon the various members of his family, not only in his own, but in succeeding generations. Accordingly, in the year 1836, ho summoned a family congress to Fraukfortontho Maine, to deliberate on this imnortant addition to the laws of tho house, and to tako measures for the development of the plan. Tho congress was to be inaugurated by tho marriago of two first-cousins of tho family — namely, tho eldest son of Nathan with the oldest daughter of his brother Charles. Nathan arrived at Frankfort in best liculth and spirits, ex ceedingly joyful at this great plan, which placed tho houso of Rothschild on tho same basis tt3 tho reigning families of Europe, was ao near its execution. Tho marriago of Lionel do Rothschild with his cousin Charlotte took placo with duo pomp, on tho 15th of June, 183G, at the Frankfort synagogue — within a stone's throw of tho dark old dwelling in the Jew lane, the oarly residence of Moyer Ansolm, and still inhabited by his aged wife. On tho very same day Nathan fell ill, and he being nigh sixty years of age, it was suggested that his physician, Mr Travers, should bo sent for at onco from London. But of this ho would not hoar. Physicians, ho said, were very expensivo luxuries — too expensivo for a man possessing a baro threo or four millions. A cheap modic.fi adviser was called in accordingly, undor ?whoso hands Nathan grew rapidly worso. Mr Travers at last was summoned in by tbo family ; but he came too late. On tho 2Gth of July, Nathan grew dolirious, talking inco herently of pounds, florins and thalors ; and, on tho 28th ho was a corpse. Early on tho morning of tho 29th an amateur sportsman, looking out for birds in tho neighborhood of Brighton, shot a pigeon, which, when picked up, proved to bo ono of tho well-known carrier pigeons of tho houso of \-- Itothschild. It had, however, no letter concerning loans and tho 'Btato of tho money market under its wings, but only a, small bit of paper with tho in v scription ' 11 est mort' — ho is dead. Who tho ho was there could, bo no doubt. That day thero was a completo panic at tho Stock Exchange, and a great fall in tho funds. Tiio remains of Nathan Roths child were brought over to this country, and he was buried with great pomp at tho Jewish East End Cemetery, on tho 8th of August. Public curiosity, after the funcrlil was over, was very' intense on tho subject as to what amonnt of property Nathan j.Jpthschild had left behind him. Whilo somo stated it at three, ethers iniule it six millions, and some even fabled of ten. Tho will, which was soon after published, left ibis curiosity ungratiticd, for it furnished no account whatever of tho amount of Nathan's property, nor of tho securities iu which it was invested. In the will, tho executors, consisting of tho four brothers of (lie deceased, Mrs Rothschild (nee Cohen), ono of his sons, his son-in-law, and Benjamin Cohen, his brother-in-law, aro strictly prohibited from prying into or interieniig wmi anyunng in uieir official capacity beyond the line of their prescribed duties as administrators. But tho statement of co partnership between the descendants of Moyer Anselm is distinctly made in the will. Nathan, after declaring that ho lias an interest ill all tho houses conducted by his brothers on tho Continent, orders that his four sons shall cany on tho joint business as heretofore, in conjunction with their uncles. To his three daughters Nathan left £100,000 each, but nnder tho strict condition that thoy should marry with tho consent of their mother and brothers. In the contrary caso thoy were to receive nothing. Tho samo highly-disciplined generosity distinguishes tho remaining part of the will. To public charities, servants, or dependants not a penny was loft by the owner of millions. Mns Grant is reported to havo full confideneo in tho success of General Grant, because ' ho is a very ohstinato man.' Drawing it Strong. — A block of houses was re cently binned in San Francisco, and tho reporter relates tho -circumstance in a long column of matter. As a specimen of penny-a-lining we give the follow ing : — ' Fierco tongues of flame reached out and licked the front of tho block on Davis street, as an anaconda licks a kid beforo swallowing it, or as a tiger mouths a man. Tho conflagration shone out against tho dark back-ground like tho kindling of a thousand battle-lights. Far out on tho bay it cast its glaro, showing the masts of tho shipping at wharf and at anchor, standing like tapers ready to bo lit, and throwing a reflection ou tho slanting sides of tho hills which mado thom look like sheeted ghosts trembling in tho dawn of a red dies irm A Goon Cow. — Wo think tho following exhibit of an Orango County cow, owned by Israel Seward, of Florida, Orange Co., N.Y., answers tho abovo question : — ' Having kept a daily record of his cow from 13th March to 10th December, 1803, ho finds tho following result : Milk, 0121 quarts ; amount of butter made from the samo (aftor deducting the milk and cream reserved for family use), 420 pounds, being over fivo firkins ; from ,10th December to 5th February, ho sold 377 quarts, bringing tho yield for tho season up to tho rcspectablo ameunt of G198 quarts — over fifty barrels. If any one can beat this wo would liko to hear from them.' Tho abovo statement is furnished us by Jefferson Post, who wo wish had given the breed, value, modo of keeping, money cost, and net results. Tho yield of tho first period of 272 days is 22J quarts a day. This is a most extraordinary yield. Tho yield of butter, with out deducting any for the milk and cream used by tho family, is ono pound to a fraction over 14J quarts of milk. — New York 'Iribune. Spain and her AVahlii:i: Policy. — Tho Siecle, of Wednesday, says : — ' Spain has decidedly donned tho helmet of Mambrino, and is entering upon all sorts of adventures. War with Morocco, war with Cochin China, war with St. Domingo ! Spain is trying her lanco in all parts of tho globe. Sho preforred renouncing tho conquost of Mexico to sharing tho glory of it with us, and it is doubt less to indemnify herself that she seeks a quarrel Hnofilrt firrnincfc Pnrtl TloQwlf«« fllia lias a much larger ono on hand, if wo may believe tho clerical journals — namely, tho maintenance of tho temporal power. It is said to be a fact that Spain has undertaken to furnish tho Popo with a garrison in caso tlio French army should quit Romo. It would then bo necessary to put Italy also, and perhaps France, on tho list of tho numerous Powers with which Spain is at daggers drawn, if it is true, as is added, that its intervention is nlready regu lated by a secret treaty, to which it is alleged Austria lias also attached hor signature.' Fiuoirri-ui, Exvi.osion of a Tomedo. — On the 20th May a train was conveying a number of soldiers and negroes and four torpedoos from Now bcrn to Bachelor Crest, West Carolina, tho latter intonded to completo tho blockado of tho Neuso river in tho direction of Kingston, Tho last of tho four was about reaching tlio station platform, when an accidental blow, from a log of wood striking upon tho cap, exploded tho torpedo. Tho con cussion was so great that tho othor three followed on tho explosion of tho first, nnd so quick as to make but ono mighty report, like tho crash of a thousand pieces of artillery fired simultaneously. Heads, bodies and limbs were scattered for a quarter of a milo around, aad in many instances it was found impossible to recogniso the remains of tho unfortunate victims. Tho signal tower and a com missary building, twenty foet by eighty feet, built of logs, wero thrown iuto tho air a distance of eight hundred feet, and strewed tho country for a great distanco around with tho fragments. Forty soldiers aud negroes wero killed. — American l'aper. . German Liberty. — Tho Dale's (Ju~ctte of Berlin contains tho following details from a corres pondent respecting tho kind of rulo which obtains ' in Mecklenburg- Schwerin : — ' Mr N ? , who has already acquired some notoriety by beating his ser vant maid so severely that sho had to bo sent to tho hospital, has written to tho physicians of the hospital of Rostock, whero ono of his workmen lies ill, to say that ho was ready to pay for tho cost of his ' provender.' Ho lias already taken steps for pro porly carrying out tho law of tho stick by making his schoolmaster tako the oath of ajuge d' instruction, and his workmen that of a polico agent. A prison for tho special uso of tlio 'happy' workmen on tho estate has been built in the castle.' Tho writer states that it is tho custom on several estates to tako off their hats when passing by tho castlcs, and to keep their heads uncovered till thoy liavo passed, although no member of tho family should ho seen about. I 