A GHOST STORY. The following story of a ghost in a pair of blankets is given by Tuesday's Tarrengower Times : — 'At half-past four o'clock on Sunday morning Sergeant Grier was aroused from his peaceful slumbers by a miner of Porcupine Flat, named Thos. Phillips, who told the following curious tale. He had been having a glass or two at the Brighton Hotel, and at half past eleven o'clock had left for home. His tent is usually fastened by a button. On arriving home the tent was unfastened, and as he passed the threshold he saw a figure, having the semblance of a human being, enveloped in a large sheet, which started up and extended its arm. Phillips rushed back with affright, and with visions of supernatural agency flitting o'er his brain, turned to run, the figure fol lowing him rapidly. In his fright Phillips yet had courage enough to halt -and seize an axe which lay adjacent to the tent. He then adjured the apparition, commanding it to speak, and receiving no answer, hurled the axe at it, and turned and fled. In reply to the sergeant, Phillips said he thought the figure was struck by the axe and fell. Mr Grier fancied from the trembling and confusion of the man, that he really had committed murder or manslaughter, and had forged this tale when remorse or fear prompted him to give himself up. In reply to the sergeant as to the time that had elapsed since the act, Phillips said he had wandered distractedly about, and had, vainly, for some time endeavored to find the camp. It transpired afterwards that he had paid a nocturnal visit to J. Warnock, J. P., and to Mr Ellis, of the Kangaroo Hotel, in his search for the police. Con- stables Ward and Byrne and Phillips proceeded to the tent of the latter. The axe was found in a dif- ferent position to that described by Phillips; but it was also discovered that a pair of white blankets had been stolen from the tent. The obvious infer ence is that an ingenious thief was visiting the tent of Phillips, and successfully adopted the ghostly device to scare his victim, the 'white sheet' being undoubtedly one of the purloined blankets, and the wits of Phillips being perhaps somewhat obfus cated by his previous potations, tended to aid the well thought-of deception by the rascal, who doubtless chuckles hugely at the terror occasioned by his roguery.' 