THE ALPACA. There seems to be a fatality attending all attempts to acclimatize the alpaca. Both in New South Wales and in Victoria efforts have been made on a large scale to introduce and naturalize this useful animal. Up to a certain point these efforts have been successfuL A considerable number of alpacas have, after no small amount of labour, been introduced to the respective colonies ; and yet the attempt to adapt them to the soil and climate has unfortunately proved a failure. It is known to our readers that the Peruvian Govern- ment have always shown the strongest reluctance to allow any number of alpacas to leave their country; and Mr. Ledger, who was the first person to intro duce them to any extent into New South Wales, had, according to his own account, to meet great difficulties and to endure much hardship before he could accomplish his object, and obtain a sufficient number of animals to warrant the hope that they might increase so as to become remunerative. He had to contend against the national jealousy, and it was only by dint of great enterprise and un- wearied perseverance that be was able at last to land about three hundred in New South Wales. These were purchased by the Government at a cost of £15,000; and acting on the presumption that Mr. Ledger, who had successfully introduced them, would be the fittest person to take charge of them, that gen- tleman was appointed to the office at a hand some salary. It is now asserted that Mr Ledger's management was bad ; that he knew nothing about their habits ; and that neither he nor his assistants had treated the animals in such a way as to preserve their health or secure their propagation. After five years from the time of their arrival in New South Wales the original number has only increased by about thirty. The first have died off, and at the present time their progeny are suffering from scab. It is estimated that, including in- terest, the few alpacas now in New South Wales have cost not less than from £25,000 to £30,000. A long debate has recently taken place in the Parliament on a motion of the Govern- ment that the flock should be broken up and distributed through the colony. In the course of that debate it was very freely and generally stated that the Government went beyond their province when they purchased the alpacas at first, and that it would have beea much better to have allowed private enterprise to complete what it had begun. There can be no doubt that there are some things which no Govern- ments can do as well as private individuals can do them. There is not the same sense of re- sponsibility or the same appeal to personal interest where Governments are concerned, which have effect in the case of private persons. It is very probable that if the original flock of alpacas had been turned over to private hands, instead of costing the country so much, with such a miserable result, they would by this time have been in a fair way of making some return for the original outlay. A wealthy and intelligent squatter would soon have discovered if the locality where the flock was placed was unfavourable to their health or increase, and if so he would not have rested until he found some place better adapted to their require- ments. Self-interest would have come to his assistance. Many of the speakers in the Legislative Assembly were in favour of putting the flock up at auction, and selling them to the highest bidders, and an amendment on the original resolution to that effect was proposed. It was argued that the animals had already cost the country too much, aud that the fairest and readiest mode of bringing the thing to a conclusion would be to sell them for whatever they would fetch. Other honourable members were strongly opposed to this, lest if they were offered at auction buyers from the neigh- bouring colonies might come and re- move them entirely from New South Wales, and thus all the labour, anxiety, and expense hitherto incurred would be lost. Almost every speaker was in favour of the Government immediately getting rid of the cost of keeping them and of having to maintain a staff of officers to attend to them, and ultimately the resolution for disposing of them in any way the Government saw fit was affirmed by a majority of the House. Thus the experiment, which was no doubt a well intentioned one, has failed, and the Govern- ment have absolved themselves from the re- sponsibility of promoting alpaca breeding. Mr. Duffield's private enterprise in Victoria has resulted even more disastrously than the Government experiment in New South Wales. Of the whole 230 alpacas brought from Peru by Mr. Duffield all have died in a most unaccount- able way. The Melbourne Examiner becomes quite pathetic and almost poetical in referring to this loss. It aays:— 'A solitary white lamb— a very pretty and lively specimen of alpaca juvenility— is all that is left io repre- sent the thousands of pounds and the years of labour which Mr. Duffield and the firm asso- ciated with him in the enterprise expended in introducing alpacas into this colony.' Again, the writer says:— 'This sprightly-looking lamb, which we had recently the melancholy satisfaction of beholding in Melbourne, and which is now, we believe, sojourning, for safe custody doubtless, at Pentridge, is the only one of its race now existing in Victoria. We have some few hybrids— half llama and half alpaca— which are familiar objects in our parks, but not another creature of the true blood to keep company with this young lady when she— as she bids fair to do— arrives at years of discretion. There are pure alpacas in Sydney, and something may be done for her in that direction ; but in the meantime she is as solitary as Robinson Crusoe on his desert island.' The Examiner blames the Victorian Govern ment very severely for the want of sympathy they have shown to Mr. Duffield in his energetic labours. Instead of having every facility afforded him on the arrival of his precious cargo in Melbourne, he was left to shift for himself. Had the Government assieted him from the landing of his alpacas a very different result might have followed. It is somewhat curious and amusing to find the people of New South Wales blaming their Government for having done too much, while the Victorians are blaming theirs for having done too little. In the one case the flock was killed by Govemmental kindness ; in the other by governmental neglect. Mr. Ledger was 'encumbered with help;' Mr. Duffield was left to struggle alone; and in each case the result has been highly unsatisfactory. But surely there is a middle course between these extremes, in which a Colonial Government may assist such an important enterprise as the introduction of this useful animal to Australia. Mr. Duffield asks the Victorian Government to aid him in hia further efforts by giving a bonus of £50 and a land grant of 50 acres for every alpaca brought to the colony. Whether this request will be granted seems to be very doubtfuL Past experience has shown that it is not enough to land a flock in the colony and probably the Government would require certain length of healthy residonce and indica- tions of successful propagation of the flocks before granting Mr. Duffield's request. NotwithBtandingthe failure of previous efforts to acclimatize the alpaca, we should bo sorry to think that the thing was impossible. In a country so large as Australia, and potseuing such a variety in climate and natural produc tions, we have no doubt Bome districts may be found adapted to the peculiar requirements of this valuable animal. The danger is that past failure will damp the ardour of those engaged in the work, and discouragement lead to its abandonment. It is clear enough that the people in New South Wales have lost all faith in the success of attempts to naturalise tho alpaca ; and now everything will depend on the energy, judgment, and perseverance of the gentlemen to whom the animals will b« entrusted. There is still a hopeful spirit in Victoria. Mr. Duffield is resolved, if sufficient encouragement be given to him, to redeem his promise to introduce 1,500 alpacas into the colony ; and he is encouraged and supported by the moral influence of the Victoriau Accli matization Society. We wish him inuoh success in his labours. INTERCOLONIAL.-By the arrival of the Havilah and Gothenburg we are in possession of Melbourne, news to March 19; Canterbury, March. 1; Wel lington, March 2; Dunedin, March 10; Auckland, March 4; Launceston, March 16; Hobart Town, March 16. The Milanq and the Robin Hood KiFf.ua VVe understand that the Milung Rifles will fire for the return match with the Robin Hood, Notting hamshire company, on Thursday next. Crvii, Sittings.— This morning at 10 o'clock the Civil sittings will be resumed before His Honor the Chief Justice. The cases remainiug on die list are Boord v. Yule and New Cornwall Mineral Association v. Darwent. Special Excursion Trains. -We bcu to call attention to an advertisement from the Manager of Railways, which appears in another column, announcing special excursion trains on the North line on Easter Monday. Kcturu tickets will be issued at a single fare. The liANCASUiRE Bkluunoehs.— It will be seen by an advertisement in our business columns that these artistes will give their performance in White's Kooras on Easter Monday and the two following evenings. We understand the perform ance on Easter Monday will be in aid of the fund for the relief of soldiers' families. We have no doubt the performers will meet with a hearty wel come on their return to Adelaide. Northern TERuiTOHT.-Tbere were two appli cations for lots of land in the Northern Territory on Monday, of 100 acres each lot. Deposits upon two single allotments were made at the Bank of Australasia. The following is a statement of the transactions from the commencement to the pre Bent time :— Lmws. Applications. Deposits. Acres. March 1 to 19 ... 34U i;»,S20 76.1H0 ' 21 ? 2 40 320 Totals ... 342 £m 7-U90 We are informed that enquiries having been made at the Crown Lands Office by applicants For land .as to whether purchasers of more than ane section will be able to select their land in one block, the Commissioner of Crown Lands has re lied that 'the Government Resident will be in structed, before proceeding to determine by lot the irder of choice, to call upon those who hold more than one preliminary laud order to declare whether they will take their chance of selecting -he whole of their land by one drawing or whether .hey prefer to draw separately for each preliminary and order held by them. An opportunity will ;1iuh be afforded to thoso who choose to exercise .heir right of selection under one drawing to take he whole of their land in one block from the land hen unselectedi' A person, theicfore, who holds leveral land orders has the option of two methods )f selection. He may elect to have the whole of lis sections in one block, or he may take his chance, -y drawing singly for each lot, of taking whatever urns up. But liefure the drawing commences ho nust state which of these methods he will adopt. IVe understand that Mr. Hnidiuan, at present in Sydney, has been offered the appointment of ? lecond in command, but that as yet hta answer aas not been received. The only other probable appointment of which we have heard Is that of Mr. T. E. Goldsmith, of Yankalilla, as surgeon and protector of aborigines. This gentleman has very satisfactory testimonials from England, and is highly esteemed in the locality where he has been practising for the last year and a half. Every exertion is being made to dispatch the Henry Ellis, and it is thought she will ho ready for sea at the latest by the 20th of next month. Municipal Council.- A special meeting of the City Corporation was held on Monday, March 21. Out of 91 applicants for the vacant incssengcnhip Mr. Christopher Gapp was appointed. Rome other matters respecting the supply of machine broken metal and the Corporation advertising having been dealt with, the proceedings closed. Philosophical Society.— The conversazione of. the Philosophical Society takes place at the In stitute this evening, when papers will be read on the 'Microscope' by the Rev. Mr. Maughan and the Rev. J. B. Austin. Microscopes and other objects of interest will be displayed in the various rooms for the convenience of members and visitors introduced by them. Temperance Bazaab.— We have already called attention to the bazaar to \k held on Tuesday ? Wednesday, and Thursday in this week at the Temperance Hall, 'North Adelaide, in aid of the fund for completing that building, and we again remind our readers of it. Coal.— A specimen of a bituminous substance, supposed by its discoverers to indicate the existence of coal, has lieen sent to our office, where it may be inspected by those who aie curious in such matters. Education Board.-A meeting of the Central Board of Education was held on Monday, March 21\. There were two members and the Secretary, present. A report was received from the Chief Inspector of Schools, and several communications were considered by the Board, after which they adjourned for a fortnight. The late Accident to Mr. Kellet.— We are happy to hear that Mr. Kellet has recovered from the effects of his severe accident on the Hackney-road. Native Paper.-A correspondent, Mr. R. Black, of Onetree Hill, has sent to our office a most inte resting specimen of paper made apparently without human intervention. It appears that a native flax plant grows in great abundance on the Hermitage Creek, Alma Plains, and that the sheep and cattle trample, at particular seasons, the dry stems to powder in the vicinity of the waterholes, into which it is afterwards borne by the wind. The pulverized flax floats on the water and forms into large sheets of paper similar to the specimen sent to our office. Our correspondent has sent us also some seeds of the native flax plant referred to. and sug gests that it might be in this case, as in thousands of other cases it has been, advantageous to take a hint from nature's laboratory both as to the culti vation of the plant and the best means of turning it to profitable account. Last Thursday's Land Sale.— In the notice ol the land sale of last Thursday supplied to us for publication there was an error of considerable magnitude, which we have been requested to correct. To Mr. W. W. Hughes, who purchased 14 sections in the Hundred of Hall, County of Stanley, were also set down 28 sections in the Hundreds of Gambier and Caroline, County of Grey, which were purchased by Messrs. Green and Wadham for Mr. W. J. T. Clark. Italy.— At the annual meeting in connection with the Baptist Chapel, Lefevre- tcrrace, North Adelaide, to be held this evening, Mr. C. U. Goode will deliver a lecture on 'Kecollectionj of a Visit to Italy in 18(52.'' Police Court,— At the Adelaide Police Court on Monday, March 21, there was only one case of inebriety, which was disposed of by the infliction of a fine of 5s. Applications tor Patents for Inventions in Victoria.— The undermentioned persons have applied for patents for inventions under the Act 20 Victorii, No. 3, and have deposited their specifi cations and drawings respectively at the Melbourne Patent Office on the date specified, namely:— John Haworth, of Blooinsbury, in the County of Middlesex, England, gentle oaan, for an invention of 'An improved method of conveying electric uignals and telegrams without the intervention of any continuous artificial conductor;' 22nd February, 1804. James Jacobs and Thomas Mar tin, both of Willunga, in the Province of South Australia, slate quarriers, for an invention of ' a new explosive compound ;' 23rd February, 1861 The Uukdagai —The executors of the late Mr. Younghusliand have sold the Murray btenmer Uundagai to the New Zealand Government. The price, we believe, is somewhere about £4,250. The vessel is intended to be used for the transport of stores and troops on the Waikato Kiver-a service for which she ia peculiarly fitted from her Email draught of water, Mb. Stcabt the Explorer.— 'We understand that Mr. Stuart has taken his passage for Europe n the Indus, which is expected to leave Port Ade laide in about three weeks from the present time. Mr. Stuart 's intention is, we understand, to take up hia residence with hi3 sister in Scotland. His ?ervices to the colony, and to the cause of geo graphical discovery, entitle him to a niche in the temple of fame. We hope he may be long spared to enjoy the reward bestowed upon him by the Parliament of South Australia, and to forward the interests of Australia by the dissemination of in formation with which he is richly stored. German Lutheran Chukch Anniversary Services.— The second anniversary of the German Lutheran Church was celebrated on Sunday, March 21, in the German Lutheran Church, Pirie^ street, near Hindmarsh-simare. Three sermons were preached— by the Rev. J. Roediger in the morning, the Rev. F. W. Cox in the afternoon, and in the evening by the Rev. C. Maschmedt. On Monday, a tea meeting in furtherance of the same object was held in the Wesleyan Lecture- Hall, Pine-street, at 5 o'clock in the afternoon, when some 150 persona were present At 7 o'clock a public meeting, which was tolerably well attended, was held, presided aver by Mr. J. Colton, M.P. The Chairman said he regretted he could not speak to his German friends in their own language, but he felt satisfied that most of them would understand him. To a certain extent* the English language was forced upon his German fellow-colonists, and to this circumstance he trusted. Two years ago he had the honour of presiding in their neat little chapeL He trusted that some good had been achieved, and he was glad to find that the debt on the place was no more than j£2 or £3. He congratulated them on that state of things, and hoped the time was not far distant when they would have to enlarge their church. He found they were in want of some water-spouting for the roof; but their principal and greatest want was a harmonium. Ha thought this announce ment would be quite sufficient, and he thought their English friends, who w.shed them God speed, would help them, a3 they were all one branch of the Christian Church. Having alluded to the want of new and suitable ministers, he pro ceeded to congratulate them on their temporal and spiritual prosperty. The Rev. C. Maschmedt (pastor of the Church), whose address was inter preted by Dr. Hubbe, expressed his gratefulness for the many blessings bestowed on them during the past year. The rev. gentleman spoke of the advantages of Christian unity. He invoked the power of the Holy Ghost to promote the unity of the Church of Christ, and which he hoped would be the means of brinjring many indifferent souls to God. The Rev. F. \V. Cox wondered who would interpret bis few remarks. He would, how ever, trust to that knowledge of the English language which the Chairman had said was forced upon his German Christian friends. He fully agreed with the previous speaker as to the blessings of unity, not only among Germans, but Congregatioualists. They had a kind of unity of platform there that night ; and as to nationality, he could noc see that they were far off, aa they had all sprung from one common stock. The rev. gentleman then referred to the similarity of the German to the English language, and alluded to the inscriptions which were to be found on some of the Greek Bibles issued from Bolster's, of Paternoster-row, to the effect that, although there were many languages among mortals, there was only one among im mortals. He trusted they would be partakers in that union above; but while they spoke of English and Germans, there, however, they met as South Australians. There were— and he had no doubt there would always be— many sweet associations and pleasant reminiscences to connect them with their fatherland and their mother-country. The rev. gentleman then proceeded, in a pleasing strain, to remind them of the great and numerous blessings which they enjoyed in this colony, and of their larger means of civil and religious free dom. Neither tlie German nor the English en joyed so much freedom in their respective coun tries. Here they had no atate Church. None of them were compelled to contribute towards the support of a Church they never intended to worship in. He might enumerate other blessings, aouie of them present that evening had perhaps fled from home because they could not worship God as they chose. In this country there was nothing of the kind. Such a thing was impossible under their Constitution. Then there was no conscription and no passports, but a great many blessings instead. He found, on looking over the Statistical Register, that there were as many as 42 German places of worship for 10.U00 people, for whom also there were&ull; sittings; and then there were 17 ministers. This was a large number for the Germans. The Cougrega tionaliats had only 41 places of worship, but then they had seven or eight ami twenty ministers. He was sorry, however, to observe that the Germans had no more than nine Sunday-schools. The Con gregatioualists had 34; and while the Germans had 10 teachers, they had 310. The rev. gentleman concluded a clear and comprehensive speech by expressing a hope that his German friends would increase the number of their Sabbath schools. The Rev. J. Roediger then addressed the meeting in the German tongue, and in an animated speech spoke of the manifold bles sings God had vouchsafed to His people. He regretted the apathy the Germans evinced in religious matters, and urged the use of prayer both at home and in their houses of worship. The Chairman then read a letter apologizing for the absence of the Rev. Sir. Maughan, who, the Chairman said, had promised to be with them that eveumg, but who had unwittingly overlooked an engagement made three weeks ago. Air. Bechtel then addressed the audience in the English and German language. He trusted they would imitate their English brethren in reli gious advancement, and that the Germans would .-think less of Sunday-pleasuring. He would be glad to see them go hand in hand like the Eng lish. (Hear.) It was painful for him to notice that the Germans in Adelaide did not pay due respect to the Sabbath; but he hoped the power of the Gospel would yet reach them. Mr. tktiuefler then made a few appropriate remarks, comparing the meetings chronicled in the Uld Testament with the tea meetings of the present day. Music also formed a feature of ancient worship, and they must all contribute towards a harmonium for their own church. After some further re marks, the same gentleman, in seconding a vote of thanks proposed to the Chairman by Dr. Hubbe, earnestly thanked Mr. Colton for his kindness and also for the general assistance he had given to their cause. The Chairman replied in suitable terms, expressing hi3 very great pleasure in doing for them what he considered to be his duty. A vote of thanks was theu accorded to the ladies; and prayer having been offered, and a hymn sung in German, the meeting ter minated. Mb. Georob Thornton. — Several recent Sydney telegrams having announced the death of Mr. George Thornton, formerly Mayor of Sydney, and member of the Legislative Council, for the information of the friends of that gentleman a correspondent has sent us the following extract from the Sydney Moraine Herald:—' About 50 brethren of the Masonic Lodge 267, I.C., met on Friday week at Mr. John Clark's Assembly Rooms, to bid farewell to Air. George Thornton, prior to his departure for England by the Duncan Dunbar. Mr. Thornton and his lady sailed in the Duncan Dunbar on Sunday morning last.' The Coppeb Market— The following is an extract of a letter, dated 25th January, received by last mail from the firm of Messrs. Lemonius and Co., of Liverpool:— 'As anticipated in our last a further advance took place of £5 per ton in copper on the 1st instant, and again £5 more on the 15th instant The quotations now are £113 for un manufactured and £120 for manufactured. The imports of the raw material into Liverpool and Swansea during the twelve months ending the 31st December, 1863, have been as follows :— TtLweight Ores. Begulus. Barilla. Slab, fine copper Tons. 1863... 72,970 18,066 942 9.470 3l,:t!4 IStS ... 6S.047 38.169 1.110 9.749 40.32*5 Decrease in 1863, 9,002. Of this Chill contributes 23,977 tons pure copper, against 35.430 tons in 1S62, showing a decrease of 11,453 tons. In imports from other quarters there is an increase of 2,451 tons. The following figures will, we doubt not, also interest you, the stocks being estimated as approximating as possible :— Stocks of pure copper in importers' hands, Tons. Jan. L 1863 ? 2S.950 Stocks of pure copper in smelters hands, Jan. L 1863 ? 3,000 Imports as above into Liverpool and Swansea ? 31.324 Produce of the Cornish mines ? 11,500 Do. da Irish do., with precipitates, burnt ores, &c; ? 2,000 Total quantity available for smelters in 1863 ? 76.774 Deducting present stocks with the export, we arrive pretty nearly at what the home consump tion of Great Britain has been :— Stocks of pure copper in importers' hands. Tons. Jan. 1,1864 ? 3,000 Stocks of pure copper in smelters' hands. Jan. 1,1864 ? 5,000 Estimated exports, as per Board of Trade Returns, to November 30 ? 42,000 Estimated exports, as per Board of Trade Returns of foreign copper ? 4,000 Estimated consumption of Great Britain ? for 1863 ? 22.714 According to these, there are 25,950 tons less in importers' hands and 2,000 more in smelters whilst no less than 68,774 tons pure copper have been moved away ia the 12 months. Should thif consumption continue upon anything like a pro portionate scale, with the probability of stil further reduction for a time in Chili supplies the prospects for the market for some time yetwil be exceeding)' good, and your shipments will di welL Present high prices must, however, stimu late production. On the 20th inst., the Bank 0 England again raised the rate toS per ceut., which with the successive advances of £5 per ton in 1 fortnight, and the disturbed state of continenta politics, has somewhat checked demand, and to day the market is quiet. Ores, however, continu very firm, and 20s. oU is readily obtainable fo good qualities.' 