LATEST FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. THE SCHLESWIG-HOLSTEDT QUESTION. THE WAR IN SCHLESWIG. At present the remains of what was the Danish army in Schleswig are in the Island of Alan whole they will endeavor to make a stand at the works which they are said to have been long preparing. Should the war continue, there can certainly be no doubt as to the fate of their army. The allied forces will be sooner or later able to cross the Sound, and compel a retreat to the Danish ships, or a capitulation. But time is necessary for such a design. The following account of the fall of Dippel from an eye-witness in the Danish camp, was received in Copenhagen, on April 19. Diippol has fallen ! Before I quitted Alson yesterday evening the great event, which all must have been long since prepared to expect had taken place. During the night of the 17th to the following day the bombardment had been carried on with greater vehemence than had previously been known, and our works, already little better than heaps of rubbish, and whose guns were mostly dismounted, were now in perfect man, Not a bridge could be raised, not a cannon was un- injured ; everything demonstrated that an assault must succeed. We awaited the attack at day- break of the 18th but in vain, although the fire became much more violent between 4 and 6 o'clock. The ground trembled for miles around, the windows rattled; 60 shells per minute were showered upon our men, upon the works, and upon the buildings in the neighborhood. After 6 the fire abated, and the attack was made at 10. Strong hostile columns pressed forward against the works out of the rifle pits, only a few hundred paces distant, formerly ours but now held by the enemy. The regiments forming the first him upon the left wing, the 2nd and 22nd, were outflanked after a short contest and a forced to surrender, after Col. Lasson, the chief of of the brigade, had fallen. Isolated shots only were able to be fired from the works and the field batteries were posted between them. As far as I am aware, no fire was given from the entrenchment in the rear, and when the 8th Brigade (9th and 10th Regiments, which only had arrived a few days previously, advanced from its position in reserve, the Prussian flag was as ready to be seen on the Forts 4 and 5. The men nevertheless went forward with steady courage under a violent Uro ; they succeeded in repulsing the enemy, and even in recovering a portion of the works, but were ultimately compelled to withdraw by the hail of bullets from the storming party and the fire of the field batteries planted upon the heights. The 3rd Brigade (10th and 17th Regi- ments was posted on the first line of the right wing, and succeeded in holding that position for some time after the left wing had retreated, but was then forced to succumb. The retreat never for a moment degenerated into flight; and wherever regiments or detachments were not cut off by the enemy, the distance to the tûte-de-pont was traversed in good order. The garrison at that point consisted of the 3rd and 18th Regiments (2nd Brigade). The powerful fire of the enemy, which had been directed upon this position from the heights, find dismounted the gains and now raked the bridges, shells meanwhile falling into Swedenborg, the lower part of which was again in flames. The regiments retreated across the bridge into Alsen, where the Guards had already taken up a position in the neighborhood of the castle, while the garrison of the tate-de-pont engaged in a fresh and violent contest with the storming parties of the enemy. Our guns in the Church Battery fired upon the attacking columns with great effect; and the Rolf Krake, which steamed three times into the Vommiugbond under a heavy fire, sent her deadly projectiles into the enemies' ranks, causing confusion and loss. When further resistance became useless. the garrison also retreated from the ltte despot, the bridges were disconnected, and the safety of the remaining portion of the army was secured. The cannonade however, continued all the afternoon. During the engagement the powder magazine of the Mill Battery was blown up, and many doubtless fell at this point. One brave fellow, however, must have survived, for all the guns of the battery were fired after the hollow roll of the explosion had died away. Their charge was too precious to be lost. DENMARK. The King has issued a proclamation to the army in which he says :-" The sufferings and losses of the last few days will not be in vain ; they will bear fruits in this struggle against violence and injustice, a struggle whose aim is the existence of and in dependence of our country." Upon the occasion of the king's birthday the inhabitants of the town of Persons, in Jutland, forwarded an address of congratulation to his majesty, requesting him to persevere in the struggle, and declaring they will willingly bear the burdens of the war. PRUSSIA. The victory before Dapper was announced by salutes at Berlin on the evening of April 18. Great crowds of people surrounded the royal palace, cheering the King and Queen of Prussia, and sing-, in the Prussian national hymn. Their majesties appeared on the balcony and thanked the people,] and bowed to them. Hearty cheers were given also for the array. Many houses were magnificently illuminated. FRANCE. The authorities have prohibited a special performance at the Porte St. Martin (Hamlet, Falstaff, and Le Sonqe d'une quit rents), which was advertised for Shakespeare's birthday. Referring to this extraordinary act, the Paris correspondent of the Globe writes: All our evening journals dwell on the strange prohibition launched against any Shakespeare banquet, French or British. The grand hotel has been notified to refuse accommodation to the intended banqueters, nor is the ghost of any State reason forthcoming for this coup d'etat. An insurrectionary movement has taken place in the division of Oran, Algeria. A company of French troops have been attacked by the Arabs, and, among others, three of the officers were killed. Sufficient forces were sent to restore order. RUSSIA. In a battle between the Circassians and the Russians on the first of April, the former lost 2000 and the latter 1500 men. The Circassians are now negotiating with the Turkish government for permission to settle in Turkey. All the foreign officers who assisted the Circassians had escaped safely to Trapezund. The Porte had sent five steamers to convey them to Sinopo, Sanisun, and Varna. ITALY. A popular meeting had been held at Naples, when an address of thanks to the English people for the reception given to General Garibaldi was voted, and also an address of sympathy with Hungary, The address was presented to the English consul at Naples. The Papal government is said to have come to a successful arrangement with a Belgian firm for a loan of nine millions of scudi. MEXICO. The Emperor of Mexico arrived at Rome on April 18th. His reception was brilliant. An immense crowd was assembled at the railway station. The French regimental bands performed as he passed through the str eels. . After a stay of some days he and the empress departed for Mexico. AMERICA. We have news from New York to the evening of the 14th April. Although there is nothing of great importance in the military intelligence, it is evident that both belligerents are preparing for vigorous action. 