ELEANOR'S VICTORY. BT THE AUTHOR OF LADY AUDLEY'8 SECRET, &0. IIhAPTER XLI. Wrirn the chill winds of February blowing in her face, Eleanor Monckton entered the wood between Tolldale and Mr. de Crespigny's estate. There were no stars in the blank grey sky above that lonely place; black masses of pine and fir shut in the narrow path upon either side; mysterious noises, caused by the capricious moaning of the winter wind, sounded far away in the dark recesses of the wood, awfully distinct amid the stillness of the night. It was very long since Eleanor had been out alone after dark, and she had never before been alone in the darkness of such a place as this. She had the courage of a youg lioness, but she had also a highly nervous and sensi tive nature, an imaginative temperament; and the solemn loneliness of the wood, resonant every now and then with the dismal cries of the night-wind was very teroible to her. But above and beyond every natural womanly feeling was this girl's devotion to her dead father; and she walked on with her thick shawl gathered closely round her, and with both her hands pressed against her beating heart. She walked on through the solitude and the darkness, not indifferently, but devotedly ; in sublime self-abnegation ; in the heroic grandeur of a soul that is elvated by love; as she would have walked through fire and water, if by the endurance of such an ordeal she could have given fresh proof of her affection for that hapless suicide of the Fau bourg Saint Antoine. " My dear father," she murmured once, in a low voice, " I hive been slow to acot, but I have never forgotten. I have never for gotten you lying far away from me in that cruel foreign grave. I have waited, but I will wait no longer. I will speak to- night." I think she believed that George Vane, divided from her by the awful chasm which yawnVs, mysterious and unfathomable, betwixt life and death, was yet near enough akin to her, in his changed state of being, to witness her actions and hear her words. Site spoke to him, as she would have written to him had he been very far from her, in the belief that her words would reach him, sooner or later. The walk, which in the daytime seemed only n pleasant ramble, was a weary pilgrim ago untder the starless winter sky. Eleanor stopped once or twice to look back at the lighted windows of ''olllale, lying low in the hollow behind; and then hurried on with a quicker s'op. " If Gilbert should miss me," she thought, " what will lie do ? what will he think ? " She quickened her pace even more as she thought of her husband. What unlooked-for difficulties might she not have to combat it Mr. Monckton should discover her absence, add send or go himself in search of her. j3ho had reached the obutskirts of the ;wood by this time, and the low gate in the:, iron fence-the gateway through which she had passed, upon the dlay when, for the first time, she saw her father:s old friend, Maurice do Crespigny. This gate was rarely loiked or bolted, but to-night, to her surprise; she found i~ wide open. She did hot stop to wonder at this ciroum stancs, but hurried on. She had grown very familiar with every pathway in the grounds during her walks beside Mr. de Crespigny's invalid chair, and she know the neairest way to the house. This nearest way.. was across a broad ex panse of' turf, and through a shrnbbery into the garden at the back of thed rooms occupied by the old man, who bad for many years been unable to.go up and down stairs, and who liehad, for that length of time, inhabited .a suiite of rooms on .the ground-floor, opening with French windows-on to a tiny lawn, shut in and slleltered by a thick belt of pine t And evergreens. It was id this shrubbery that. Eleanor paused for a few moments to recover her breath after iburrying uip the hill, and to reassure berbcilf as to the safety of the papers which she carried in the bosom of her dress Launcelot Darrell's water- colour, sketch, and hei father's letter. The picture'and the letter were safe. She.'ibassured herself of this, sand was about to hurry on, when she 'was a'ridsted by a souind near her. The laurel branches. close beside her had rustled, as if parted b a maiin'i strong hand. Many times, in her journey through the wood, Eleanor had been terrified by a rust ling aitiongst.thelong grass about the trunks of the trqes'i but each time the sight of a pheiiant .flyinig across her pathway, or a frightened hare scudding away into the dark neans, hadreassuired her. But'this time there could be no mistake as to what she had heard.;'. There was no game in Mr. de Cres 1pigny's'garden. Sie was not alone, therefore. There -was a man lurking somewhere runder the shadow of the evergreens. She stopped ; clutched the documents that she carried in her breast, and then emerged friom the shubbery on to the lawn, ashamed of her fears. The man whose presence had alarmed her was; no doubt, one of the servants-the gar dener, most likely-and he would admit her to the house and save her any encounter with the maiden sisters. h .eSh looked about the garden, but could see no one. Then, in a low voice, she called to the man by name; but there was no answer. Lights were burning in Mr. de Crespigny's bedroothm buit the windows of the room which the old man called his study, and the win dows of his dressing-room, a little apartment between the bed-chamber and the study, were dark. Eleanor waited a few minutes in the gar den,'expecting to hear or see one of the ser vants emerge from the shrubbery; but, all was quiet, aid she had no alternative,escept to. go round to the principal door of the house, and take her chance of being. admitted. ! ' I am certain there was some one close to me," she thought. "It must have been Brooks, the gardener; but how odd that he didn't hear me when I called to him." The principal entrance to Mr. de Crespigny's house was by a pair of glass-doors, approached by a double flight of stone steps, either fiom the right or the left, as might suit the visitor's convenience. It was a handsome entrance; and the plate glass which formed the upper halves of the doors appeared a very slight barrier between the visitor waiting on the broad stone platform without, and the interior of the house. But, for aill this, no portcullis of the Middle Ages, no sturdy postern gate of massive oak studded by ponderous iron nails, was ever more impregnable to the besieger than those transparent doors had been under the despotic sway of the rich bachelor's maiden nieces. Despairing poor relations, standing hopeless and desperate without those fatal doors, had been well-nigh tempted to smash the plate-glass, and thus make their way into the citadel. But, as this would have scarcely been a likely method by which to ingratiate themselves into the favour of a testy old man, the glass remained undamaged; and the hapless kinsfolk of Maurice de Crespigny were fain to keep at a distance, and hope-almost against hope that he would get tired of his maiden watchers, and revenge himself upon their officiousness by leaving his money away from them. It was outside those glass doors that Eleanor Monckton stood to-night, with very different feelings in her breast to those which were wont to animate the visitors who came to Woodlands. She pulled the brass handle of the bell, which was stiff from little usage, and which, after resisting her efforts for a long time, gave way at last with an angry spring that shook the distant clapper with a noisy peal which seemed as if it would have never ceased ring ing sharply through the stillness. But, loud as this peal had been, it was not answered immediately, and Eleanor had time to contemplate the prim forniture of the dimly-lighted hall, the umbrella-stand and barometer, and some marine views of a war like nature on the walls; pictures in which a De Crespigny of Nelson's time distinguished himself unpleasantly by the blowing up of some very ugly ships, which exploded in blazes of yellow ochre and vermillion, and the bombardment of some equally ugly fortresses in burnt sierina. A butler or factotum,-for there was only one male servant in the house, and he was old and unpleasant, and had been cherished by the Misses do Crespigny because of those very qualifications, which were likely to stand in the way of his getting any important legacy, -emerged at last from one of the passages at the back of the hall, and advanced, with in dignation and astonishment depicted on his grim fbatures, to the doors before which Eleanor waited, Heavon only knows how im patiently. "Lnuncelot Darrell may have come here before me," shel thought; he may be with hi, uncle now, and may induce him to alter hi, will. He mnat be desperate enough to do anything, if he really knows that he is dis inherited." Thli' butler 'opened one of tile hall doors a very littleoway, nnd-suspiciously. He took care to plant himself in theaperture in such a manner answould hdive compelled Eleanor to walk through Iis body before she could enter the hall; and as the butler was the very reverse of Mr. Pepper's ghost in consistency, Mrs. Monckton could only parley with him in tlhe faint hope of taking the cithalel by capitu lation. She tlid ;not .know that the citadel was already taken, and that an awful ghest, to whom neither closely guarded doors nor oaken posterns lined with stoutest iron formed obstacle or. hindran'ce, had entered that quiet mansion before her; she did not know this, nor that the butler only kept her at bay out of the sheer force of habit, and perhaps with a spitefil sense of pleasure in doing battle with would-be legatees. " I want to see Mr. de Creepigny," Eleanor cried eagerly; " I want to see him very par ticularly, if you please. I know that he will see me if you will be so good as to toll him that I am here." The butler opened his mouth to speak, but before he could do so a door bpened, arid Miss Lavinia de Crespigny appeared. 'She was very pale, and carried a handkerchief in her hand, which she put to her eyes every now and tllen ; but the eyes were quiite dry, and she had not been weeping. " Who is that.? " she exclaimed sharply. "What is the matter, Parker? Why cani't you tell the .person that we can see nobody. to-night ?" ... : " I was just a-goin' to tell her so," the butler answered; hulnt it's Mrs. Monckton, and she says she .wants to see poor master.'.' He moved:awaj from the door as,.if-;his responsibility bhad ceased on thie'a ppeariincdof his mistress, and Eleanror- etrtered the hall... . "Oh, dear Miss Lavindiia," she cridd, almost breathless in her eiagrhess, ";'db let.. me see your uncle. I know he will not refuse to see me. I am a favouite:with him, you know. Please let me see him." Miss Lavinia do Crespigny ppliiedd lier handlkerchief to her dry eyes 'before she answered Ellen's eager entreaty; Then she soid very lowly,- . " My beloved uncle parted this life an.hour ago. He breathed his last in.my armns.'" " And in mine,'" murmured. Miss Sarah,, who had followed lier sister into the hall. " And I was a-standing by the bedside," observed the' hutlr, with resplectful firmness; " and the last words as my blessed master said before vyou come into the room, Miss: Lavinin, was these:. 'You've been a good servant, Parker, and you'll find you're not forgotten, Parker,' were his last words." The two ladies looked very sharply and rather suspiciously at 'Mr. Parker, as if they were meditating the possibility of that gentle man having fabricated a will constituting himself sole legatee. ."I did not hear my uncle mention you, Parker," Miss Sarah said stiffly; "but we shall not forget any one he wished to have re membered; you may be sure of that." .Eleanor Monckton. etnod,.silent and aghast, staring straight before her, paralysed, dumb founded, by the tidings she had just heard. "Dead i" she murmured at last. " Dead!. dead !-before I could see him, before I could tell him--" She paused, looking around her with a be wildered expression in her face. "I do not know why you should be so eager to see my uncle," said Miss Lavinia, forgetting her assumption of grief, nmid be comining very genuine in her spiteful feeling' towards Eleanor, as a possible rival, "nor 'do I know what you can have had to say to him. But I do know that you have not ex hibitoid very good taste in intruding upon us at such an hour as this, and, above all, in re mnainini, now that you hear the sad affliction" -the handkerchief went to the eyes again here--"which has befallen us. If you come here," added Miss Lavinia, suddenly becom itg ?piteful again, " in thle hope of nscertain ing how my uncle's money has been left and it would be only like some people to do so-I can give you no information upon the subject. The gardener has been to Windsor to summon Mr. Lawford's clerk. Mr. Lawford himself started some days ago for New York on business. It's very un lucky that he should be away at such a time, foi we put every confidence in him. How ever, I suppose the clerk will do ts well. HIe will put seals on my uncle's effects, I believe, and nothing will be done about the will until the day of the funeral. But I do not think you need trouble yourself upon the subject, iny dear Mt's. M1onckton, as I perfectly remnomber my beloved relative telling you very distinctly that ihe had no idea of leaving you anything except a picture, or something of that kind. We shall he very happy to see that you get the picture," concluded the lady, with frigid politeness. Eleanor Monckton stood with one hand pushing the glossy ripples of auburn hair away from her forehead, and with a look upon her face which the Misses de Crespigny whose minds had run in one very narrow groove for the last twenty years-could only construe into some disappointment upon the subject of the will. Eleanor recovered her self-command with an effort, as Miss Lavinia finished speaking, and said, very quietly : " Believe me, I do not want to inherit any of Mr. de Crespigny's property. I am very, very sorry that he is dead, for there was something that I wanted to tell him before he died; something that I ought to have told him long ago. I have been foolish- cowardly -to wait so long." She said the last words not to the two Indies, but to herself; and then, after a pause, she ridded slowly, " I hope your uncle Ias left his fortune to you and your, sister, Miss Lavinia. Heaven. grant that he may have left it so! " Unfortuinatiely: the Misses de Crespigny were in thie humour to take offence at any thing. The terrible torture of suspense whlich was gnaivrig at theI heart of each of the dead man's nieces disposed them to be snappish to any one who came in their way. 'T'o them, to.night, it seemed as if the earth was peopled ,by expectant legatees, all eager to dispute for the heritage, which by right was theirs. " We are extremely obliged to you for your good wishes, 'Mrs. Monokton," Miss Sarah said, with vinegary politenees, " and we can perfectly appreciate their sincerity. Good evening. On this hint, the butler opened the door with a so'emn flourish, and the two ladies bowed Eleanor out of the house. The door closed behind her, and she went slowly down the steps, lingering without purpose, entirely bewildered by the turn that events had taken. "Dead ! " she exclaimed, in a half-whisper, Sdead i I never thought that he would die -o soon. I [waited, and waited, thinking that, whenever ihe time came for me to speak, he would be alive to hear me; and now he is dead, and I have lost my chance; I have lost my one chanco of avenging my father's death. The law cannot touch Launcelot Darrell i but this old man had the power to. punisli him, and would have used that power if he had known the story of his friend's death. I can not doubt that. I cannot doubt that Maurice de Crespignv.dearly loved my father." Eleanor Monekton stopped for a few minutes at the bottom of the steps, trying to collect her senses-trying to think if there was anything more for her to do. No, there was nothing. The one chance which fortune, by a series of events, not one of which had been of her own contriving, had thrown into her way, was lost. She could do nothing but go quietly home, and wait for the readinig of the will, whica!imight, or might not, make Launcelot Darrell the owner of a noble estate. But ' then .she remembered Richard Thornton's visit to Windsor, and. the infer erices lie had drawn' from the meeting be. between Launcel'ot'nd the 'lawyer's clerk. Richard had :mo't fi mly believed that the property was left away froth the young man ; and Launcelot Darrell's conduct since that daly had gone far:'towards confirming the scene-painter's assertion. There was very litile doubt, then, that the will which had been drawn up by Mr? Lawford and witnessed by Gilbert Monckton, was a will that left Maurice de Orespigny's fortune away from Launcilot Dairell. The old man had spoken of.'a 'duty, which .he meant to perform. Suie~y' he must have alluded to lhis two nihces' 'devotion, and the recompense which tlhi? haid earned by their patient attendance upon him. Such untiring watchers generally succeed in -reaping the reward of their labours; and why should it be otherwise in t his nso ? . Bot tuen, on the other band, the old man was fretful and capricious..- His nerves had been shattered by a long illness. I-low often, in the watches of the night, he might have lain awake, pondering upon the disposal ol hi wealtlh, and doubtful what to do with it, in his desire .to act for the best! It was known that he had made other wills, and had nuirned thein when the humour seized him. He ehad had ample opportunity for changing Iis mind. He had very likely destroyed the will.witnessed by Gilbert Monckton, in order to.make anew one in Launcelot's favour. Eleanor stood at the bottom of the broand tight of steps, with her hand upon the iron railing, thinking of all this. Then with a re gretful sigh, she walked away from the front of the house. CHAPTER XL.I. The rooms that had been occupied by Maurice de Crespigny were at the back of the house, and Eleanor, returning by the way that she had come, had occasion to pass once more through the garden and shrubbery upon which the windows of these rooms looked. Mrs. Monekton paused amongst the ever greens that grew near the house, sheltering and darkening the windows with their thick luxuriance. The Venetian shutters outside the windows of the room in which the dead man lay were closed, and the light within shone brightly between the slanting laths. "Poor old man," Eleanor murmured, as she looked mournfully towards this death chamber, "he was very good to me; I ought to be sorry for his death." The evergreens which grow in groups on either side of the windows made a thick screen, behind which half-a-dozen people might have safely hidden themselves upon this moonless and starless February night. Eleanor lingered for a few moments amongst these clustering laurels before she emerged upon the patch of smooth turf, which was scarcely large oenough to be dignified with the title of a lawn. As she lingered, partly because of a regret fiul tenderness towards the dead man, partly because of that irresolution and uncertainty that had taken possession of her mind from the moment in which she had heard of his death, she was startled once more by the rust ling of the branches near her. This time she was not left long in doubt: the rustling of the branches was followed by a hissing whis per, very cautious and subdued, but at the seame time very distinct in the stillness; and Eleanor Monckton was not slow to recotnise the accent of the French commercial traveller, Monsieur Victor Bourdon. " The shutters are not fastened," this man whispered ; " there is a chance yet, mon anmi." The speaker was within two paces of Eleanor, but she was hidden friom him by the shrubs. The companion to whom he had spoken was of course Launcelot Darrell ; there could be no doubt of that. But why were these men here ? Had the artist come in ignorance of his kinsman's death, and in the hope of introducing himself secretly into the old man's apartments, and thus out mmauvring the maiden nieces? As the two men moved nearer one of the windows of the bed-chamber, moving very cautiously, but still disturbing the branches as they went, Eleanor drew back, and stood motionless, almo t breathless, close against the blank wall between the long French windows. In another moment Launcelot Darrell and his companion were standing so close to her, that she could hear their hurried breathing as distinctly as she heard her own. The French man softly, drew back one of the Venetian shutters a few inches, and peeped very can tioursly through the narrow aperture into the roolml. "There is only an old woman there," lie whispered, "an old woman, very grey, very respectable; she is asleep, I think;; look and see who she is." Monsieur Bonrdon drew back as he spoke, making way for Launcelot Darrell. 'iTh young man obeyed his comlpanion, but ih a half-sulky, half-unwilling fashion, which Was very much like his manner on the Parisian Boulevard. " Who is it?" whispered the Frenchman, as Launcelot leant ftrward and peered into the lighted room. " Mrs. Jepcott, my uncle's housekeeper." " Is she a friend of yours, or an enemy ? "A friend, I think. I know that she hates my aunts. She would rather serve me than serve them." " Good. We are not going to trust Mrs. Jepeott; but it is as well to know that she is friendly towards us. Now, listen to me, my friend, we must have the key." " I isuppose we must," muttered Launcelot Darrell, very sulkily. "You suppose we must! Ball I " whis pered the Frenchman, with intense scornful ness of manner. "LIt is likely we should draw back, after having g'one so far as we have gon, a.nd made such promises as we har inmade. It is like you, Englishmen, to teurn cowards at the very last, in any difficult business like this. You are very brave and very 'great so long as you can make a great noise about your honour, and your courage, and your loyalty; so long as the drums are beating and..the flags flying, and all, the world' looking on to admire you. But the moment there is anything of difficult-any thing of a little hazardous; or" anything of 'criminal; perhalps,-you draw back, you have friar. Bali I hlave no patience with you. ,You are a great nation, but you never, have tproduced a great impostor. Your Perkin Warhecks, your Stuart Pretenders, they nare all the same. They ride up hills with .forty thousand. men, and," - here Monisieur Bourdon hisse'd out a very big French oath; to.'give strength to his assertion,--"-when they get to the top they can do nothing better thiman ride down iagain.'" . ' Tt is not to be supposed that,'in so' critical a situation as that in which the two men had placed themselves, the Frenchman would have said all this without a purpose. He knew Launcelot Darrell, and he knew that ridicule was tihe best spur with which to urge him on when he was inclined to come to a stand-still. 1The young man's pride took fire at his com panion's scornful banter. " What do you want me to do?" he asked. " I want you to go into that room and look for your uncle's keys. I would do it, and per haps do it better than yon, but if that woman woke and found me there, she would rouse the house; if she wakes up and sees you, any sentimental story of your desire to look for the last time upon your kinsman and bene ftactor will satisfy her and stop her mouth. You must search for the keys, Monsieur Robert Lance, pardon !-Monsieur Launcelot Darrell." The young man made no immediate an swer to this speech. He stood close to the window, with the 'half-open shutter in his !hand, and Eleanor cold see, by the motion of this shutter, tha:.it was trembling. "'I can't do it, Bourdon," he gasped, afrter a long pause; "I can't do it. To go up to that dead man's bed-side and steal his keys. It seems like an act of sacrilege-I-I-can't do it." The commercial traveller srnugged his shoulders so high that it almost seemed that ho never meant to bring them down again. "Good!" he said. " C'est finil Live and die a pauper, Monsieur Darrell, but never again ask me to help you in a great scheme. Good night." The Frenchmnn made a show of walking off, but went slowly, and gave Launcelot plenty of time to stop him. "Stay, Bourdon," the young man mut tered; .' don't be a fool. If you mean to stand .by me in this business, you must have a little patience. I'll do what must be done, of course, however unpleasant it may be. I've no reason to feel any great compunction about the old man. He hasn't shown so much love for me that I need have any very sentimental affection for him. I'll go in and look for the keys." He had opened the shutter to its widest extent, and he put his hand upon the win dow as he spoke, but the Frenchman checked him. "What are you going to do?". asked Monsieur Bourdon. "I'm going to look for the keys." " Not that way. If you open that win dow the cold air will blow into the room and awaken the old woman-what you call her Madame Jepcott. No, you must take off your boots, and go in through one of the windows of the other rooms. We saw just now that those rooms are empty. Come with me." The two men moved away towards timhe windows of the sitting-room. Eleanor crept to the Vanetian shutters which Launcelot had closed, and, drawing one of them a little way open, looked into the room in which the dead man lay. The housekeeper, Mrs. Jepcott, sat in a roomy easy-chair, close to the fire, which burned brightly, and had evidently been very lately replenished. The old wo man's head had fallen back upon the cushion of her chair, and the monotonous regularity of her snores gave sufficient evidence of the soundness of her slumbers. Voluminous cur tains of dark green damask were drawn closely round the massive four-post bed; a thick wax candle, in an old-fashioned silver candlestick, bnrned upon the table by the bedside, and a pair of commoner candles, in brass candle sticks, brought, no doubt, from the house keeper's room, stood upon a large table near the fire-ilace. Nothing had been disturbed since the old man's death. The maiden ladies had made a merit of this. " We shell disturb nothing," Miss Lavinia, who was the more loquacious of the two, had said: "we shall not pry about or temper with any of our beloved relative's effects. You will take care of everything in your master's room, Jepeott; we place everything under.your charge, and you will see that no thing is touched; you will take care that not so much as a pocket-handkerchief shall be disturbed until Mr. Lawford's clerk comes from Windsor." In accordance with these directions, every thing had rermained exactly as it had been left at the moment of Maurice do Crespigny's death. 'The practised sick-nlm'se had retired, afteridoing her dismal duty; the stiffening limbs had been composed in the last calm sleep; the old man's eyelids had been closed upon the sightless eyeballs; the cur tiuns had been drawn; and that was mall. The medicine bottles, tlhe open Bible, the crumpled handkerchiefs, the pursoe, and paper knife, and spectacles, and keys, lying in dis order upon the table by the bed, had not been touched. Eager as the dead man's nieces were to know the contents of his will, the thoughtof obtaining that knowledge by any surreptitious means had never for one moment entered into the head of either. They were conscientious ladies, who attended churcl three times upon a Sunday, and who would haie recoiled aghast from before the mero thought of any infraction of the law. Eleanor, with the Venetian shutter a ve little way open, and with her face ocol against the window, stood looking into thie lighted room, and waiting for Launcelot Darrell to appear. The great four.post bedstead stobd'opposita the windows, the door was on Eleanor's right hIand. About five minutes elapsed before there was anysign of the intruder's coming Then the door was opened, very slowly, ,co Lnuncolot Darrell crept into the room. His face was almost livid, and lie trembled violently. At first lie looked helplessly about him, as if paralysed by fear. Then he took a handkerchief from his pocket, and wiped the cold perspiration from his forehead, still look. in` helplessly right and left. But presently the Frenchman's head ap. peared round the edge of the door, Which Launcelot Darrell had left a little way open, a fat little hand pointed to the table by the bed, and Monsieur Bourdon's hissing whisper vibrated in thie room. "V'lh,- -the table--the table--straight be. fore you." Sollowing this indication, the young man began with trembling hands to search amongst the disorder of the littered table. lie .ad not occasion to seek very long for what ha wanted. The dead man's keys lay under ono of the handkerchiefs. Theyjingiled a little as Launcelot took them up, and Mrs; Jepcott stirred in her sleep, but she did not ope, her eyes. "Come away, come !" whispered thb Frenchman, as Launcelot stood withithe keys in his hand, as if too much bewildered even to know that his purpose was accomplished. iHe obeyed Mbnsieur Bourdon, and hurried from the room. He had taken off his boots at his companion's instigation, and his stock-. inged feet made no sound upon the thick carpet. " What is he going to do with those keysl" Eleanor thought. ." If he knows the contents of the will, as Richard believed, what good can the keys be to him?" She still looked into the lighted bed.' chamber, wondering what could happen next. Where had Launcelot Darrell gone, and what was he going to do with the keys? She crept along by the side of the house, past the window of the dressing-room which was still dark, and stopped when she came to the win. dow of the old man's study. All the windows upon this floor were in the same style-long French windows, opening to the ground, and. they were all sheltered hy Venetian shutters. The shutters of the study were closed, but the window was open, and through the bars of the shutters Eleanor saw a faint glimmer of light. She drew the shutter nearest her a little way open, and looked into the room. The light that she had seen came from a very small bull's-eye lantern, which the French man held in his hand. He was standing over Launcelot Darrell, who was on his knees be fore the lower half of an old-fashioned sccrttaire, at which Mr. do Crespigny had been in the hleibit of writing, and in which ha, had kept papers. The lower half of this secretaire contained a great many little drawers which were closed in by a pair of inlaid ebony doors.. 'he doors were open now, and Launcelot Darrell was busy examining the contents of the drawers one by one. His hands still trembled, and he went to work slowly and awkwardly. The Frenchman, whose nerves appeared in no way shaken, contrived to throw the light of the bull's-eye always upon the papers in the young man's hand. "Have you found what you wantb" he asked. " No, there's nothing yet; nothing bht old, leases, receipts, letters, bills." " Be quick ! Remember we have to put the keys back, and to get away. Have you the orher ready ?" '" Yes." They spoke in whispers, but their whispers were perhaps more distinct than their ordinary tones would have been. Eleanor could hear overy word they said. There was a long pause, during which Launcelot Darrell opened and shut several drawers, taking a hurried survey of their con tents. Presently he uttered a hlilf-smothered cry. "Y ou've got it ? " exclaimed the French man. " Yes." " Put in the substitute then, and lock the cabinet." Launcelot Darrell threw the documednl which he had taken from the drawer upon a chair near him, and took another paper from his pocket. He put the scond paper in the place from which he had taken the first, anu then shut the drawer, and closed and locked the doors of the cabinet. He did all this in nervous haste, and neither he nor his com panion perceived that a third paper, very Miuch like tho first ir shape al nd size, lha tllen out of one of ?ho drarwers and lay yUiP the carpet before the cabinet, Now, for the first time, Eleanor Monokton began to corprehlnd the nature of the con' spiracy which she had witnessed. Lauonelot Darrell and his accomplice had substituted a fictitious paper for the real will signed by Maurice do Crespigny and witnessed ?y Gilbert Monckton and the lawyer's clerk. 'The genuine document was that which Launcelot Darrell had flung upon the chair by the side of the secretai,e. (To be conatinrd.) In consequence of the absence of cargoes at New York flour is now conveyed fi'o the port to Liverpool at the rat of about dd. to ld. per barrel. Wheat is brought as ballast and without charge. TI?n ExoLasrr TnaLuir.-We are infosiaCl by a gentleman of this place that, on 00 th day last, at about half a mile froeii th psemtery, on the footpath leading to'alrds te Italian dairy, he sew all En.glil I?hrush. At the first glimpse of the bird ]ie 5fer reminded of something hoeloy, and teC? mined to ascertain the falnily it blol Following its flittings from bush to bush, ?e finally succeeded in getting within abot f yards of the bird, when he was thoroue ish convinced tlhat i was a voritablo EegliSh thlrusn. We are glad to hear of thie a ntrs in our forests of these feathered SOnEsters, reviving, reminiscences of Old Engld ' Daylosford Mercury. 