TRAGEDY IN REAL LIFE. . (Saturday Review.) It is constantly assumed, in discussing fiction, that some writers possess the power of . inventing plot, some of depicting character. But, in fact, no student of character can prove his command of his subject except through such an arrangement of incident as shall develop emotions unfamiliar to ordinary life and this, if sufficient for its purpose, is plot. An author may portray society as we see it, and make his personages look fairly like the men and women we meet there or at our own fireside, and yet be guided by no higher power than imitation. All he gives us isniereoutsidelikeness, involving no knowledge of motives or springs of action. There must be prophecy in all real insight ; that as, from what the seer knows of a man he must be able to foretell how he will act as new circumstances, and under the conditions of mind which these bring. Really to know a man is to know his depths, and to tell how these things will be stirred, and through what manifestations he will reveal that which is in him. Most people who are supposed to understand character are mere observers; and though observation, guided by any variety of experience, can do great things, it does not enable them to draw inferences from what they 'are. No subtle intuition tells them what their subject would be when stripped of the coating of habit and manners which makes him a member of society rather than his actual Belt. if called upon to imagine him under new circumstances, their resource would be to divest him of everything peculiar, on the assumption that in supreme moments in tempests of passion, men drop their individual selves and approach a common standard. Private experience guiding them no further, they refer to general principles of action, and to the universal' experience of mankind. With writers of only this degree of imagination, the invention of plot may seem to belong to another faculty altogether from that which conceives the characters who are to work it out. The plot may be a good plot, though the actors in it are conventional. But while a writer possessing the profound knowledge of character can never be satisfied without a plot of sufficient dignity and variety to develop his genius, in his hands the characters make that plot. The conception of Othello makes the play. There may be a skeleton plot at hand ; it is no matter-the fancy at once adopts it as its own. The invention springs from point to point, from scene to scene. If the hero is of a jealous nature, how is he to show it what temper is to act malignantly on his own ? how is the demon in him to be evoked ? If there is genius to play on all the keys of a mighty passion and to exhibit it to the world-which is knowledge of human nature in its highest degree there cannot possibly be any difficulty about constructing a machinery adequate for the purpose. Incident and complexity will construct themselves ; they will be part of the apprehension of the idea itself. Plot comes with perception of character as readily as counterpoint comes to the born musician. A character which deserves to be called such must be true to two points-to human nature and to itself. The imagination that conceives it must have a distinct idea of the universal influences which tell on all alike to know which is to know human nature and of those peculiarities in the individual which bias will and nation out of the direct line. Thus the here; type has no character, no -individuality. It gingerly obeys, in a grand way, the dictates of general lanyard represents our nature, whether under the restraints of virtue or abandoned to the passions, performing its part uninterrupted and unswayed by minor tendencies or by local dwarfing circumstances. Character is The low light that gives the color. It means those points that make a man himself that modify all general qualities by a thousand private and often conflicting influences, as of country, race, family, temperament, education. And no one can draw a character no one, we will say, can truly understand the living men about him who cannot trace out and follow into action all the sinuosities, conflicting impulses and motives which, though«nrcsent even in repose, are latent and torpid till occasion calls them into activity. This is the rarest of all gifts. Scarce one man in an age sounds the depths of our nature, analyses its parts, and weighs the value and traces the workings of the opposing forces brought to bear upon it. People without this higher comprehension do wisely, no doubt, to abide by the notion that human nature under the influence of grand emotions rises to the call, and is great because the occasion is great a great in magnanimity, great in remorse, great in villainy, oils mere abandonment and self concentration on one idea. Mere observers who seek to engraft their limited experience upon the received con- ventional standard make such bad, clumsy work of it, their patching on of some isolated train some bare, bald, eccentric fact-is often such an outrage on the propriety of fiction, that the picture is all the faster for the under-sized bit of common life introduced into it. The actual must have been transfigured by the imagination before it will harmonize and harmony is essential to real truth. These writers constantly defend themselves by the old saying, that truth is stranger than fiction ; but we suspect that no truth of action-we mean in any great crisis looks very strange at the time, though transplanted into alien circumstances, it may not only appear but we monstiouB We cannot but muse on the discrepancy that exists between reality and almost all fiction-not only in the proportions, but in the impulses at work whenever we find ourselves witnesses of living charity. There scarcely, indeed, seems to be any relation between the real thing and the received model. Is it not the experience of each one of us that, whenever we have found ourselves in startling or tragic scenes, something has happened wholly at variance with our presupposed idea and with all that we have read-that things were astonishingly different when we came to think over them and to review them. Nevertheless they were natural at the time, and came by a sort of law. The people about us were following the master motives, the ruling qualities, of their character and we instinctively knew it. Shakspeare alone harmonises with such nature as we see. There is something in every living scene for which he can furnish a counterpane, or at least Borne faint reflection. We perceive that he could have drawn what he saw he had sochosen, if he had cared to represent individuals instead of dresses and constantly it is because he is true, that we find in him Such incongruities, Birch departures from preconceived courses of action, as we note, in. our own experience. If instead of taking Othello-magnanimous even in his errors-to exemplify the pangs of jealousy and the crimes I do which it tempts mankind, he had accepted such an example as a recent trial supplies us with, we can quite believe that he might have represented all the circumstances of a murder as they have been exhibited to us. We know it from the mutual bearing of Othello and Emilia. But these were tasks which he did not sctbimsolf, therefore, the tragedy of our day has no parallel jp theory, Andy et t Jjero were points which might well havpliitpdihc murder at WJgwcll Lodge out of the sons of vulgar criuie,nncl give it an ideal character. The heroine filled her part well. Beautiful, attractive, self-reliant, and fearless, us it seems, of that temper which by the murderer's own showing had betrayed itself to her as dangerous bent on softening the blow she must inflict, and not shrinking from scenes that cannot but have been highly unsought and harrowing there is no shortcoming here. The there too, had some of the qualities we look for arrogance, Call, handsome, of good bearing, gifted with many of the flualiUeo times ladies love, and capable of a fixed purpose for which he is ready to sacrifice his lite-at least we should have expected violence from him to harmonize with our poetical conceptions of pomp to which passion, and no directly (sordid aim, is the instigator." Yet what a strange revelation the whole scene is of the predominance of ' habit, of the history of the commoner influences over the obvious claims of the occasion, of that slowness to apprehend the bearing, the consequences of anything terrible or etarlling.wbich characterises ordinary nice so long as circumstances will allow ! Even the very properties and surrounding, the images brought before our eyes by the narrative, excite a sense of indignation at the deference to instincts of the very come amongst everyday life in that supromeBt moment, That sweet girl, for such she war-weary, graceful, animated, courted, beloved- who bud, less than an hour before, left her drawing-room, her own Proper domain, in all the pride of youth and Woom, is carried. dead into the kitchen by her lover, and laid on its hard, rude floor, Then, to be sure. follows melodramatic flourish of heroics The old grandfather asks, " What ever made. ' you do it r" and there is the reply, "The woman Mat deceive me dies. "But here begins And dead the only feature of the scene in common with the romance of fiction. No remorse, no apostle seizing show should there be in the kitchen P t would seem as if the poor old gentleman, in a vague sense of discomfort and bewilderment, wanted that great console of old age-his tea. The murderer had been his guest. For different reasons he must not leave him in the kitchen; and the way that suggested itself out of the dilemma was to propose that they should have a cup of tea together and" talk it over. Townley accordingly goes upstairs to wash his hands, and sits down with his " Bessie's" grandfather to tea and brandy and water. How far, we wonder, did the scene strike the family doctor as natural when, having taken his necessary survey of the murdered girl he had known so well, now stretched cold and stiff on the kitchen floor, he was introduced into the library to find the pair at tea together ? There was, he says, little I conversation during the quarter of an hour of waiting for the policeman. The prisoner, however, was perfectly self-possessed, and alive to little personal inconveniences,' "Look here," he says showing his hand, I have cut myself too ; can you do something for it P Then arnvcB the constable. The prisoner gives himself up, asks to see his victim, is taken once more to the kitchen, looks at her, and pronounces himself far happier than he was before. Now this apathy, this unimpassioned look of things, this routine of every day in such an unspeakable contrast of circumstances, does not, we know, mean all that it appears to do, but it does mean something. We see a sort of stolid habit prevailing amongst the main actors. The poor old grandfather i might think afterwards that he acted with a set purpose of detaining the prisoner; but in fact, when utterly bewildered, especially at his age, people do follow habit, and the idea " of I talking it over at tea" implied, no doubt, a very indistinct notion of what the thing to be talked over was. But how sit down to tea with bloody hands therefore his guest must be asked to wash them. And that poor girl on the kitchen floor! It is not in ordinary human nature-in no nature that is not carried out of itself to bring dropping blood, even the life-blood of the dearest, upon carpets and furniture and front stairs. It belongs to a universal instinct, strengthened by nurses and servants till it becomes part of us, therefore the victim must be laid where blood will leave no stain. We resent it all, but the true vulgarity of the scene rests with the murderer himself-with that dull low nature which felt no remorse which could be sensitive to the pain of scratch, and still feel a relish for his tea after he had satisfied his revenge which could look upon her he professed to have loved, and realise that recent act of brutal vengeance, and " feel happier," and keep a good appetite, and be composed and well-behaved, and never for a moment sorry, never stung by memory never oppressed by that " insupport- able and heavy hour when a soul made for better things wakes to the sense of an irrevoc- able crime. A a restless desire to be comfortable seems to lie at the bottom of this state of mind craving for satisfaction, and an immediate relief when this is attained. Selfishness of this magnitude cannot regard things for a moment out of their relation to Belt', so as to he objects of dis- interested pity or sorrow. Remorse does not know how to find its way into such minds. They feel so strongly the right and duty to make themselves comfortable that no other consideration can find an entrance. A very similar case, tried in the same court, occurred it may be remembered, two years ago. The man Thorley was a pugilist, a low sort of fellow, but not without friends and sympathisers. He saw his sweetheart two or three times in company with a soldier cousin, " and didn't like it " and so he cut her throat, and told the policeman to whom he gave himself in charge that he felt a deal more comfortable after it. He had but two requests to make after this relief to his feelings-the first to the constable, that he would allow him to smoke his pipe out, for pehaps he should never have another-the second to the magistrates, that his mother might bring him his Sunday dinner. Education does not uniformly make a difference. At the bottom of all may lurk the savage, lulled for the moment and smoothed over by a little outside polish, but only waiting for his occasion. There was a moment when Othello felt a touch of this mood, and he knew it when he felt the rising demon turning that into murder which was sacrifice. But he did not rest an instant in the comfortable stage. Nor did he murder his wife for the sake of his own case, but on some blind notion of injured honor. He felt for his victim throughout :-" the pity of it, Iago, the pity of it "-and remorse rushed in with the first knowledge that he had accomplished his purpose, not waiting to be undeceived. With him it was "My wife my wife! What wife? I have no wife " instead of pipes, tea, brandy and water. We have said that fiction tells us very little how common people behaved under the disturbance of the stronger emotions. Tragedy in ordinary life cannot be understood from books, but must be learned piecemeal from witnesses in courts of justice. Nor do we wish it otherwise. Far better to go on in what Sir Walter Scott calls the pow-wow style than seek after gross " nature " of this sort. Lot the decencies and dignity of crime be observed. Yet it may not be without its use to show how stolid and uninteresting and meanly selfish may be the posture of mind of a man who knowingly sacrifices his life for the 3 sake of that which might else be mistaken for a romantic passion. THE IRISH. LORD CHANCELLOR'S TIUIK BEAüEi!.-A curious subject is agitating the polite society of Dublin. The Lord Chancellor has appointed his butler to ho has train-bearer. The last person who held the position was Dr. Linton, a gentleman of considerable literary taste, who, after performing his duty each morning, sat under the bench and amused himself reading diamond editions of the ancient classics until the Court rose, He was known to have attended the levees and drawing-rooms at (the Viceregal Court with scrupulous parties ality. Several Dubl n writers assumed that the holder of the office of train-bearer was in: office admitted with the Chancellor into the Viceregal presence and therefore, agreed that it was too bad for his Lordship to confer the privilege of the cable on his mental servant. But it appears that Dr. Linton used to come as far as the door of the private stair, holding his Lordship's train, and then make his way to the public entrance, present himself in the crowd, in his private capacity as medical doctor, and be admitted to the Viceregal presence. A correspondent of the Irish Times describes the affair very humorously : " It is notorious to frequenters of drawing-rooms at the Castle that Dr. Linton used to mix in the general company, arrayed in a black court suit, and so help me Terphjohore-I have seen him myself there at private balls, of course by invitation," The writer proceeds to show how the Dr. managed it The train-bearer first stands on duty. it seems, among his Excellency's livery servants, then sends in his on a card as M.D., and finally receives the Chamberlain's invitation to mix with the lady guests of the court at a bull," TAMING A. 1'onroiSK,-Mr Frank Buckland is making the most desperate efforts to get a live porpoise in the Zoological Gardens, but the creatures are apt to expire a few minutes after their arrival at their destination. Mr. Buckland recently received a summons to take charge of alive porpoise at Folkstone, and brought him to London by express train, met in the tank, because water won't travel express without splashing down the porpoise's blowhole and choking him, but in a cash-box, with sea-water and a sponge near Mr. Buckland gave him the most tender attention, dabbing the beast's nose and body with a wet sponge all up the line. The porpoise appeared to like the fast travelling except in the tunnels, when the steam and smoke made him snap and sneeze, and probably induced, in his weak state, a serious diphtheric affection of the throat. For when he arrived, he could not swallow, and Mr. Frank Buckland kindly assisting him by poking a herring whole down his throat, the porpoise rp jected. and then gave up the ghost. We do not wonder, If Mr. Buckland, in a weak state, were treated for diphtheria by having a mutton chop thrust bodily down his throat, he would probably not like the porpoise, or else one of the subsequent nightmare. We would suggest that the porpoise should be towed round the coast and up the Thames in any future attempt of the kind. They clearly don't appreciate railways and tunnels.- Spectator. PUNTAL OPERATION.- Jones, while recently engaged in splitting wood, struck a false blow, causing the stick to fly up. It struck him on the jaw and knocked out a front tooth, " Ah," said Bill." meeting him soon after, " you've had i a dental operation performed I see. '" Yes." I replied the sufferer, " incidental. 