RELIEF OF THE HOUSELESS POOR. I An adjourned meeting of persons interested in the formation of a society for the Relief of the Houseless Poor at night, was held yesterday afternoon, at the Temperance Hall. At the hour advertised there were about fifty gentlemen present, amongst whom were-the Hon. J. H, Plunkett, MMLC, the Hon. G. Allen, M.L.C , the Mayor of Sydney, Mr. Caldwell, M.L A., Mr. Love, M.L.A., Mr. Emanuel, M.L.A., Dr. Lang, M.L. A . Dr. Douglass, Mr. Parkes, Mr. M. Metcalfe, Mr. Murnin, Mr. Alderman Oatley, Mr. J ey, Mr. Goodlet, and Mr. J. Richardson. TheMAY'Oitof Sydney, having been voted to the chair, briefly stated the purpose of the meeting. Dr. Douglass came forward and, after a few preliminary remake, said that the public of Sydney were always ready to come forward when their assistance was desired towards any really good object. He had met with a great many promises of support on behalf of establishing a nightly refuge for the houseless poor. The want of such an institution was almost universally recognised. It was absolutely necessary that the houseless poor should not be obliged to place at the door of a trades- man in order that they might obtain a night's lodging. It would be altogether premature for him to refer to any details, as those would be left for the committee when appointed. He would, however, mention that Mr. O. E. Ingelow had consented to act as honorary (treasurer and that a very liberal man-Mr. Holt-had subscribed £20, and had promised to aid the movement in every possible way. Mr. G. A ixen moved the first resolution, which was as follows : " That a society be formed for the purpose of establishing an Replying to receive at night the houseless poor of Sydney." He had long been impressed with the importance and the need of a society of this kind in consequence of the long experience he had had in connection with some of the charitable institutions of this city for many years post. As connected with the Benovolent Asylum he had long felt the want of an institution in which any poor person could receive a bed at night and a breakfast in the morning. Judging from the past he had every expectation that this would prove a very useful and well- supported institution, He might refer to what had been done for the destitute children by the establishment of the asylum at Ii and wick. He had no doubt that the Government and the Parliament would readily render any assistance in their power. Mr. PlunilEIt seconded the resolution, and remarked that notwithstanding all the charitable institutions in existence in this city, there was not one for giving a night's lodging to the houseless poor. Dr. Douglass deserved the thanks of the community for the trouble had taken in initiating this movement. Mr. Toy said he thought it desirable before the resolution was put to the meeting to make an inquiry as to the basis upon which the projected institution was to be established. The refuges at home not only aff yarded temporary relief, but they combined with it a simple kind of religious instruction the Soiiptureauere read, and sometimes short services were held. At) the matter was likely to be one of very much interest to. the citizens of Sydney, he thought it better at this time to make the inquiry, so that they might have a clear and distinct knowledge of the basis upon which the institution was to be established. All persons were admitted into the refuges at home ; no question was made as to wait religious denomination they belonged to. But I still the Institutions had a character the Scriptures were read, and religious instruction was given, there was no interference with the religion views of the inmates ; but at the same time, the institution was based upon religious instruction combined with temporal relief, The principle was just the same as that of the Ragged Schools. Dr. Douglass said, as one of the promoters of this movement, it was proposed that any one claiming a night's lodging on the plea of poverty, should be admitted into the institution. With regard to the question as to whether religious instruction was to be afforded, he presumed that during the sight all that we poor creature j worthy require would be a shelter and repose. At the same time, we must all recognise the necessity of the reading of Scripture before they lay down and before they went away in the morning. The reading of a portion of Scripture would be so interference with the particular views of the poor people. These matters would, however, be considered by the committee, and they could, not be properly discussed by this meeting. Mr. Plunkett said he had understood from Dr. Douglass that all that was contemplated by the proposed institution was to give a night's lodging and a meal to the poor creatures that were houseless. It was mere bodily food that was required ; we had nothing to do with administering spiritual food. Let any man who was admitted into that institution, before he retired to rest, say what prayers he thought proper. But to introduce Scripture readers as a part of the arrangement, would be to throw an apple of discord amongst the community ; while it would certainly be deviating from the object that he had in view when he came to this meeting. Religion was what he hoped, was all revered, but we pursued it in different ways, Mr, Joy contended that he was pe perfectly justified in the course he had taken, and that instead of throwing the apple of discord into this movement, what he had done would prevent any subsequent misunderstanding. By now settling what course it was proposed to adopt any subsequent mis conception or unkindly feeling would be avoided. If it were the with of the citizens to establish an institution in which religions instruction should be combined with temporal relief, he had no doubt that that object might be carried out; but he believed that if religious Instruction were to be shut out, the institution would be deprived of a character that was essential to its real success at the same time that it would deprive it of an agency that was of the greatest value. Unless you brought religious influences to bear upon the poor creatures you relieved, you would fall far short of the real good that you might otherwise accomplish. He desired to say that he made these remarks to prevent any possible misconception in future. Mr. J. Ricii.uiDSox said he had distinctly understood that religion was not to be recognised in the back of Chu proposed institution, and he hoped that Mr. Joy would not press his proposal, as if he did it might prevent the movement from terminating successfully. ; Mr. Caldwell was of opinion that it was very important at this stage for the matter that had been referred to to be thoroughly understood by the subscribers, and he was glad that Mr. Joy had raised the question. It was well to look at the whole affair, and to consider what our petition was. This city differed very much from London. There were very few persons in this country that could be considered poor, unless they were be through their own misconduct. And he had no heart (ion in saying that nine-tenths of the poor persons in this city had brought themselves into their poverty through drunkenness There were a number of charitable institutions in the city from which no infirm poor persona I were sent away without being relieved. Now we ought to be very careful not to do anything that might encourage idleness or drunkenness. If we established a night refuge to receive men and women who were well able to work we might be inflicting injury on the community instead of doing good. And be thought that the proposed institution should be regarded not merely as a refuge but also in the light of a reformatory. Our object should be to try to convert drunken men into sober men, and to" put them in position to earn an honest livelihood. We should, however, fall in accomplishing that purpose If we admitted them to the institution without endeavouring to exert a moral influence over them. Our great object should be, while affording them physical relief, to bring religious leeway to boat upon them, so with J conceit those who were at present outcasts into honourable end industrious citizens. If a man who was taken into the V refuge was able to work, he ought to be employed, and he should not be relieved if he refused to take work. He know nary men who were well able to work but who would not work. Mr. EamíAtíl considered thafym institution of the kind proposed ought to be carried on without the introduction of any religious influences. It ought to be open to all seats and percussions, and no attempt should be made to cram any particular doctrine down the throats of the inmates. Many poor people would rather starve in the streets than submit to such treatment. Mr. Joy denied that anything had been said to justify Mr. Raphael's remarks. No one had expressed any desire to have a particular creed taught at the institution. Mr. Eatha el said in explanation he had not heard the remarks of the previous speakers, but he had spoken on the strength of what he had been informed outside the hall Mr. O aï lady thought it was irregular on the part of the meeting to discuss matters which would have to be considered by the committee when appointed. Mr. Allen desired to make one remark. It was well that the meeting should clearly understand what they were going to do. He should be happy to see religious instruc- tion imparted to the poor creatures admitted to thin institu- . tion if he thought it could be done, but he saw difficulty in it, and if we were to stand out for giving religious instruc- tion to them we might mar the whole affair. He had understood from Dr. Douglass that the intention of the institution was simply to take the poor creatures off the street who had no place to go to, and to give them food to eat and a bed to lie on. It would not be possible to give them pouch religious instruction if, as was proposed, they were to be sent away in the morning. It was true that they might come again ; but they were not to have a permanent lodging. Seeing that we should get into this institution Catholics, Episcopalians, Presbyterians, perhaps Wesleyans, also Jews, Turks, and infidels, ' he would like to know what religions instruction could be given to all these people. But if we could not attend to their souls we must not let their bodies perish. Rather than that they should perish, we should take them in and give them a bed and breakfast. He suspected that those institutions that were spoken of in England were very different from what cure would be the inmates there would be almost entirely of one persuasion; at all events they would be principally Protestants. [Mr. Joy : "No."] However, the thing could not be managed here; and if any attention were to be paid to the spiritual wants of these poor people, they might have it at the infirmary or other charitable institutions. Mr. Love suggested that the difficulty could be got over by ministers of religion visiting the institution, and talking to the poor people who might be there belonging to their own denominations. Mr. G. F. Wise thought the asylum ought to be for all the houseless poor who should receive, if possible, a supper, a comfortable bed, and a breakfast in the morning. Mr. Caldwell remarked that Sydney was not like many of the towns in England through which people were constantly passing. But here a number of people came down to Sydney and made up their minds to remain in it because of the number of benevolent institutions. Some of them got drunk and were put into gaol, and almost immediately they came out they were brought up before the magistrate again. So it was likely that, as at the Sabbath morning breakfast, the same people would come to this institution for relief again and again. Mr. Metcalfe thought from what had fallen from the previous speakers respecting the proposed institution, that it was altogether very undesirable; as its tendency would be to take away from the poor that responsibility for themselves and their families which they ought to have, and which God meant they should have. AS Mr. Caldwell had said, there were no regular poor here ; but those only were poor who were made so by idleness or drunkenness. Surely these were not the men that we meant to relieve at the proposed refuge. No doubt such an institution might do very well in London. He has himself seen the streets of that city poor creatures crouching down on a cold night not able to get a bed. These were cases to relieve which one would be inclined to empty his pockets. But in Sydney, an institution of the kind proposed would, he thought, be very mischievous, as it would encourage idle and improvident men who did not care a straw for their wives and children. After some remarks from Dr. Douglass deprecating the discussion that had taken place, the resolution was put and carried with one dissentient Mr. Metcalfe. Dr. Land, in proposing the second resolution, expressed his cordial approval of the projected institution notwithstanding the objections that had been urged. to differed somewhat with Mr. Caldwell in regard to the origin and cause of the distress that affected many individuals in this city. We were apt to generalise too much in reference to the causes of poverty. There were various other evils incident to society besides intemperance, and he had observed within the last few months a number of cases of real distress that had not originated in intemperance to his knowledge. He confessed that he had given his approval to the object of the proposed institution from not altogether disinterested motives for he had so many applications from people coming to his door late in the evening for positive relief, that he should be glad to be able to send them to an institution of the kind proposed instead of giving them relief, being altogether uncertain as to their character and their real condition. The success of this institution would defend very much on the character of the agent, and a really benevolent person occupying that position would be able to exert a great deal of moral influence on the casual inmates without laying himself open to anything like a charge of sectarianism.- He did not think that the community was in danger of having sectarian views propagated in an institution of this kind through the agency of any religious denomination whatever. He would conclude by moving the following resolution That the undermentioned gentlemen be appointed a committee to carry the object into effect, with power to add to their numbering. Douglass, his Worship the Mayor of Sydney, G. Wigram Allen, Esq , the Hon. J. H. Plunkett, M. E. Murnin, Esq., Henry Prince, Esq, J, Lucas, Esq., A B. Armstrong, L. W. Levey, Esq., the Rev. Dr. Lang, M.L.A., J. Caldwell, Esq., M.L.A., James Oatley, Esq , M. Metcalfe, Esq., Samuel Clarke, Esq, George F. Wise, Esq., Edward Joy, Esq Hon. G. Alien, M.L.C., end that G. K.. Ingelow, Esq, be requested to act as honorary treasurer. Mr. Parkes, in seconding the resolution, said he could not concur in the objections to the proposed institution that had been raised by Mr. Metcalfe, who, he thought, could not have a very correct knowledge of this city. There were here a very large number of persons gathered together from the, parts of the WQrirJ, operated upon by the greatest variety of circumstances, who would come within Wv operation of a society of this Mod, It might be that the whole of the subjects of this organised benevolence would be persons who had brought their distress upon themselves. And he apprehended that the persons whom this society desired to befriend belonged to that class, and that it was intended by this organisation to recognise in these most helpless members of society that Divine image which every human creature bore. Believing that to be the object of this society, he had attended the preliminary meeting ; because he could not conceive of any sphere of greater usefulness than might be attained with so little, effort as a variety of this kind. And if he might be permitted, he would state, in as few words as he could, the character which he thought this society ought to assume in order to be useful. In all great cities. and in colonial cities particularly, the poor might be divided into three great classes. There was a class of persons who laboured for their bread, but who, from improvidence, or from no greater fault, were always poor, permanently poor, but they would not collect the relief offered by this society. There was another class of poor people who were too proud to accept the assistance of ' a society of this kind j they would rather die than accept it. The third class of persons were so prostrated by the operation of unfortunate circumstances, or by the want of a proper sense of self-respect in the first place, as to be glad to accept aid come from whatever quarter it might. This class generally gathered into itself those persons who wanted Even casual assistance ; it consisted, also, mostly of persons who Jwd. rnom.cp.ts of serious thought BSc reflection, which fitted them for a better course of time. If a society' the villa 1*I*i<1 6-3'- " - - For this kind, finding them wandering horns less in the dead of the night, offered them a home when they knew not where to go-if that interposition withdrew them from the dark shadows of the night and gave them warmth, a supper, and a bed, it gave (him something more at the same time it withdrew them from those evil influences in which they mostly lived, and allowed them to think of their homes and of their parents who long ago fondled them, and of their childhood; and it fitted them to receive any admonition that might be offered them, and to accept tenderly and kindly the guiding hand that might be stretched out to them. He believed that this good might be effected if the institution were open to all without any very rigid rules of discipline, and if the poor wanderers were allowed to come and go as they chose. He entirely concurred in the suggestion that the institution when established would afford a field for self-denying ministers of all denominations, who, when any member of their flocks should come there, might endeavour to impress upon them a sense of their religious responsibilities. He also thought that it would be a proper field for benevolent people of all kinds, who could endeavour by their advice and direction to rescue those persons who were driven to seek its aid and shelter. He believed that if the society were carried on in a proper spirit, it could not fail to be a great benefit to society. Mr. Love, after some remarks upon the composition of the proposed committee, moved the addition of the following names, " Mr. John Mills, Mr. Henry, Mr. Mountcastle, Mr, John Davis, Dr. Moon, Mr. L. W. Levy, and Mr. Parkes." The resolution, with the above addition, was put to the meeting and unanimously carried. The proceedings then closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. -KEEPING- UP THBîNDMERrOÀl- STRENGTH OF ACHE Army. The Daily Telegraph's New York correspondent concludes his letter of the 22nd December by commenting at some length on the tricks to induce enlistment. He writes that there is scarcely a Unionist family, from the merchant to the petty farmer and storekeeper, which has not sent a son, brother, and often even a father and breadwinner, to the war. Many have died ; more have been wounded. Some most be growing weary of the interminable strife. New York claims to have 50.000 men of the front. Since the war began she has, perhaps, contributed twice as much more ; but this drain cannot go on for ever The enthusiasm may continue ; but the enthusiasts themselves will grow few and scattered and in this perhaps lies I the only hope of peace, > Bsntova Accident at the Wentworth Mines On Wednesday afternoon last a very serious accident obs curred to mention Harry the Sawyer's claim, named Joseph Campbell'end'William Sloane. It appears that a hole had been drilled in the rock for the purpose of putting a blast off, but, in consequence of some defeat in the fuze, the shot did not take effect as it should have done. After the lapse of a quarter of an hour the men went down for the purpose of drawing the charge, and when in the act of doing, the clamping was blown. At this time Sloane was holding the drill and Campbell striking. The report was so loud as to cause remarks from several persons who live adjacent to the claim, but who at the time were not aware, that the men were below. The man at the top of the shaft at once gave the alarm, and afterwards descended to ascertain if the men were alive. He found both perfectly sense leEfl, and severely out about the face with the fragments of rock that had blown. Sloane wafjsontup first, and Campbell, we are happy to state hold, by the time the rope came down again, so far recovered as to be enabled to descend without existence. Sloane is seriously injured about the face and body, and fears are entertained that he will lose the eight of one eye. At present he is lying in a precarious state, not being able to leave his bed. Campbell has so far recovered as to be capable of walking about. A M a son Mummy In one of the less known gullies of (the Otago gold-fields, a few months ago, three adventurous Victorian miners, having found a " likely spot," pitched their tent and set bravely to work. They were moderately successful, and for a week or two worked on, if not content, at least hopeful. The moon was in her last quarter when first they commenced operations, and the nights were consequently dark. As time wore on, however, the waning i moon shone bright upon them, as they eat outside their tents of an evening to smoke their after-supper pipe, for the weather was genial, and permitted of this indulgence cut of doors. At the extremity of the gully was a singularly shaped rock, irregularly pyramidal, that rose abruptly from the surface, to a height of upwards of thirty feet. Not being geological students, they had not given special attention to this feature of the locality, beyond remarking that it was not likely to contain any gold. On one of these evenings, as they were rented as just described, enjoying the silence, the pipe, and the repose alter fatigue, one of the party suddenly started. "Look on the top of the rock" he said to his two companions. The moon had just risen, and her rays fell directly upon the summit of the vast pile in front of them. They directed their gaze in the direction pointed out by the speaker, and saw very distinctly a human face, white and ghastly, made visible by the light of the full moon falling upon it. " Is not that a face r" said the one immediately addressed. " There's no doubt about its being a-face; its very odd we've never seen it before." No, It's not odd, you see there's been no moon till now, and during the day we've been too busy to see it, besides it might not have been there all the time," replied the one particularly addressed. *. I don't believe in ghosts," said the third, " but that face answers to the description of them remarkably. Don't you think we'd better turn in ?" And they turned in, but next morning they confessed to each other that they had not slept well. They looked hard the following day for the face, but it was not to be seen. They saw it again, however, the following night and for several nights after, and they beard-or formed they heard-a plaintive moan coming as if from the top of the rock. They could talk about nothing else, and they lost their appetites and did not work with a will so they agreed to leave the gully for some other diggings, On their way they met two men, father and son, prospecting, and they told them of the gully they had left, and the reason why they had quitted it. These men were not Super- stations and they made their way to the gully at once. At night they saw the white face the top of the rock, and the next morning they determined to ascend and discover (the mystery if possible. At considerable risk theydidxso. They found the mummy of a female child, carefully placed upon a bier of stones, the head resting upon a curiously woven piece of matting, and between the knees the skeleton of a bird (the tomato). Some of the hair of the world yet remained, and it was carefully planned. Beneath the hand was placed a piece of coral, evidently brought from a long distance, as this locality was many miles from the sea shore. On one side of the mummy, where it had been exposed to the weather, the integuments had been quite removed from the skull, and the bones perfectly bleached. It was this part of the many that the three miners had been. The father and son took away the object of their fear, and it was subsequently exhibited in Dunedin and other places. It has been in Melbourne for the last few weeks, but comparatively few persons have seen it. It has, however, recently been submitted to the inspection of several scientific gentlemen in this city, and they have pronounced it specially interesting, both anatomically and as illustrating an ancient Maori custom, for it would appear to have been in the position in which it was found many years, some of the natives having stated on seeing it that the practice of placing the total bird between. the knees of the dead is a very old one, and one that has been long in disuse. The particular circumstances of its discovery impart to it additional interest. The proprietor means to take it to England. Melbourne Herald, April 6. A Maori "Housewahmiisg"-The Russell correspondent of the Daily Southern Cross supplies to that journal the following somewhat amusing sketch. .' Having received an invitation to be present ata"takaro," or games to be held at Waiomio at the house-warming of a whare, just completed for Mai by P. K. awi it, I concluded to go. The party of which I made one left Kororaroko, about noon on Tuesday, twelfth ultimo, by boat, for Kuwakawa, some eight miles distant, on reaching which place we found horses provided by the kindness of our host. A pleasant ride of four miles brought us within sight of our destina- tion, easily distinguishable by the flagstaff and gay colours. On the descent of the hill overlooking Waiomio stand some rocks so wonderfully resembling ruined castles, one a little more distant, an old abbey chapel, with the remains of the moulded oolumCB some twenty feet high in regular order, several small archways pierced in the basement,, tea palms and other trees growing through the ruins-that these alone would amply repay a journey twice as far as we had come. These rocks are of quartzose formation, and strictly tapes old Kawiti, the hero of the war in the North, being interred here. Crossing the small stream which gives its name to the place, Waiomio (rushing water), a half miles canter brought us to the palace. Grooms were waiting for our horses, and a chamberlain in a handsome uniform to present it to our entertainer and his lady-a Maori lady whose manners and dress would have been no discredit to any " rangatira pakeha." Our arrival was notified to the already gathered multitude by sound of drum and trumpet. An. abundant meal was immediately served intb.enewb.ouaa forthapakehas, made up by our arrivals five- years beef pork, bread, potatoes, plum pudding, peach and other pies, tea, wine, and beer - everything in the way of table equipment, from the damask linen to the saltspoon, being complete. As I have mentioned. the house, I may as well describe it, J5sternalt»t ¡,aV0 fa painted barge boards and (Advts figure over the gable, -there Is Wuchang' pretty houR. the size CQME Coy 30ft but the verandah, placed as usual at the end, and lined in the same way as the interior of the house with raupo tied leaf by leaf, the cross-pieces or laths being split and painted black, and only an inch apart thus forming a chequered pattern, as regular as if printed. Thus panels are made between the broad grotesquely painted! uprights, which, with the ridge-board and raters, seemed to have been designed after some of the elaborate beadwork one may see in the ladies' Newspaper. Only those who Daveson a whare runanga," aa.somaTew still exist at Opotiki and Returns, can form an idea of its appearance. The centre post and gateway ashe house, were handsomely carved, and decorated with pigeons feathers. After we pabek s had dined, partisans" natives each numbering thirty-six, were Draught up in succession to repasts SUSAN to the one of which, we hail partaken after each (he table Laing entirely cleared, and relaid with a clean service and fresh food. The liquor, however, was not put on the table with the viands ; but, after the comestibles had been dispatched, members for each guest and a number of bottles of wafptro were pro- cured. The seats used were each formed of one tree, 40 feet long squaring 18 Inches, and hollowed out. Each guest, on entering, made his bows to Wash and his wife, who was heralded by a chamberlain, properly waited on, and departed in like order, preceded by trumpet and drum. Wet had arrived about 4 p.m. And this state of things continued in the mansion to 3 a.m. ; from daylight till about two in the next morning, and was going on in the, same way when departed on the third after noon, The consumption of beef, pork, flour, biscuits He., was immense, not fewer than twenty books being employed. We slept in the new house ; no Maories being admitted. Our white party on the second day amounted to thirty-four, including the resident magistrates of the district, with their Interpreters. After dinner we drank the Queen's and Governor's healths, and then our host's. The Maories numbered about 800, all told, of whom 500 were men, and many more would have been there but that MaihS insisted on each guest coming properly dressed. This kept many away whose wardrobes were not in good conditions Natives were present from all the surrounding districts, Wangara!, Kaipara, Hokianga, Waimate, Bawitf, etc. and I am happy to say that they all behaved extremely well and notwithstanding the large quantities of spirits, &c;, provided, there was no drunkenness. £ be out-door amusements consisted of war dances, hakas, top-spinning, &c.;, and the contortions which some of the most expert threw themselves into, and the uncomfortable attitudes in which they sometimes remained, were really wonderful. The top-tpinuing seemed to be a sort of game in which the visitors had made up their minds to be beaten by each one after the game was over gave up his top, and string end a man or some other article of dress, with more or less money, which were all thrown into a heap together. The meeting, as far as I could sea, or hear, had nothing political in it, though there was some little talk about the recent murder, some of the natives not liking the idea of the murderer being given up to be dealt with according to British law. Jeff-. Davis's Son in the Federal. Shuviob.-A. letter from a gentleman holding a high position in the United States contains the following curious story : "This reminds me," says the writer, that Jeff. Davis's son, by his slave girl Catherine, was in the Federal service on board of one of our gunboats in that Mississippi for several months-a likely mulatto. Among the letters of Jeff, taken at his house by our Illinois."' troops, there was a batch of quarrelsome epistles between Jeff, and Mrs. Davis, touching the old flame Catherine. Mrs. Davis upbraided her husband bitterly. I have this story from one of the highest officers' in the squadron, who had the negro. Jeff, on board his gunboat, and who. himself and the letter W>4 .uppteii'ieçl flats,", 