THE MINER'S COLUMN. ! The population in several of our mining districts has of late rather increased than otherwise, the rnL erease being causedpartly by the influx of retumeel miners from New Zealand, and partly, by the return of many: to mining pursuits, who during the harvest were employed in agricultural operations. On most of the gold-fields, the diggers appear to be earning average wages, and there have recently been several small rushes, at which a limited number have done remarkably well. A small ?:ush has broken out at Oathcart, in the Ararat district, which, although not likely to last long, promises to be of some advantage to the locality. Several holes have struck gold, and, according to the latest accounts, there were between five and six hundred miners on the ground. The sinking is about twelve feet deep, from two' to three feet of which is threugh :cement. The average yield now being obtained is about half- an-ounce to the load, and the thickness of the wash-dirt between five and six inches. North of the prospectors' claim, two holes have been bottomed, supposed to be payable, and in ground almost contiguous, and southward, two more claims have yielded a payable prospect. The lead is reported to be about eight feet wide. i In the Talbot district mining matters generally wear a favorable aspect. Rocky Plat looks better than for some considerable time past. The yields from the Paddock Company continue good : last week's return, although somewhat less than those of previous weeks, amounted to 36 oz, or about liV oz for each man working in the mine, A party for merly known as the Welsh party, but who have now taken the somewhat ambitious title of the Queen of the Plains Company, have, since they erected then whim, some months ago, averaged nearly £4 per week per man. -Water has been struck by the Band of Hope Company at a depth of 95 feet, and on Monday next the full number of shareholders, (sixteen) will go to work. The Rising Sun Com pany ha/ve got their engine and plant on the ground,, and have commenced its erection. They expect to bottom and have a washing in about eight or ten. weeks, as the shaft is down 100 feet, and slabbed to that depth, and it is believed that bottom will be reached at about five to ten feet lower. The Lady , Darling Company, are down 75 feet, and have not yet got through the rock. The new rush . at Majorca continues to be very favorably spoken of and it is said that there is no\y ; no doubt of a lead, having been found. Opiniens, : however, are still divided as to whether it is an en? tirely new lead or simply a continuation of the wet ; lead, which is now being worked. The fact of its ; being shallow^ and dry is no criterion with the de- ; posits at Majorca ; but in any case a large extent of ground will be opened up. Considerable activity prevails, and claims are marked out to within a short distance of the front of tlie court house. ? Many are sinking by day and night, and for some distance from the golden holes, so that a number of shafts will be bottomed daily. There are one or two stores in course of erection, but as the scene of the rush is within five minutes' walk of the township, business people will not incur the; expense of removal. On last Monday morning a hole was bottomed with a prospect' of nearly half an ounce to the load, and an unusually large quantity of washdirt, about six feet off the bottom, was found to contain payable gold. Large numbers of , miners are reported to be coming in from Raywood and other places. Ana.tb.er small rush has taken place at Mia Mia Plat. A prospecting claim struck dirt yielding 1 dwt to the tub in five feet sinking,' and several other claims have also proved payable. The reefs at Tarrengower continue to yield good returns, and many of the mining companies appear to have a prosperous career before them. The Speculation Company's claim is improving every week, the yield increasing a few pennyweights per ton at every consecutive crushing. There is now about 110 feet of reef stoped out from north to south, the whole of which has proved payable. A largo quantity of quartz is now at the kiln for burn ing, which the proprietors think will yield 5 oz tper ton.- The Enterprise Company are engaged in stoping out the piece of quartz technically called by, the miiier ' the Mode.' It is situated between the No.. 1 shaft and Walker's claim. This mass of quartz stands about sixty feet high, is twenty-five feet high, and fifteen feet long. About twelve feet of this rock is payable, and is taken from the western portion of the block. It is expected that, by carefully assorting the metal, the picked stuff will yield 4 oz to the ton. The Wellington Association have been crushing some of the poorest stuff taken from their mine during the. last fort night, and the yield of gold will not exceed 38. oz. The Daylesford district maintains its— comparatively speaking — recently assumed importance, and the returns from the principal companies continue to be of a very satisfactory character. The following are amongst those for the past week : — The Corinella Company, 446 oz ; Haphazard Company, 375 oz; New Wombat Hill Company, 211 oz; Defiance Company, 184 oz ; Cornish and York Company, 59 oz ; Concordia, 45 oz ; Crown Quartz Mining Company, 40 oz ; Lucini and Co., Spring Creek, 35 oz : Specimen Hill Quartz Mining Company, 34 oz ; Havolock Quartz Mining Company, 20 oz ; Stoker and Party, Wonderful Reef, 20 oz. The Holcombe Gold Mining Company (on the hon. Mr Hull's property, over the Loddon) in the Glenlyon district,' have struck gold in their shaft. On Satur day last a load of dirt yielded 24 dwt of fine gold, Tho gold was obtained from drift on the dip, and the deep ground, or bottom, has yet to be proved. The importance of this company's success cannot be over- estimated, as they are developing ground hitherto untried, except by themselves and the Atlas company, and many have been looking anx iously for some indications of the future in store for the Glenlyon district. Tho above yield, says the Mercury, from one load of dirt from the Hol combo Company's shaft, is sufficient to create con fidence iu the majority of those having interests j between Daylesford and the Loddon. Tho Cali- ' fornia Company have obtained considerably im proved prospects, and £90 has been refused for a share. Although some little rain has fallen, Raywood is stiU without anything like an, Rdequnte water supply, still the prospects of the miners are reported to be improving, and more gold is being obtained. Some good '\ finds' have lately been made on the Ingle wood Hill lead, and nuggets weighing 62 ounces and 27 ounces are said to have been unearthed. Some of tho claims on this lead aro stated to have yielded over 20 lb weight of the precious metal. The reefing interest generally in the Bendigo district is in a flourishing condition. ' The Bank of ' Victoria reports the following purchases for the past week :— Cinderella Company, Windmill hill, 103 oz 2 dwt 15 gr; New Chum Company, 115 oz 12 dwt; Clarence Company, 22 oz. The Bank of New South ? Wales the following: — Red, White and Blue Com panyi Sheepshead Reef, 91 oz6 dwt; Victoria Reef Company, 26 oz 6 dwt; United Company, 41 oz 15 dwt ; Johnson's Reef Company, 28 oz ; St. Mungo Company, 194 oz 16 dwt. Buckie, Birch and Company, 106 oz 16 dwt. The yield from tho Catherine Reef Company for the week was 192 oz 5 dwt, and for the previous week, 213 oz. The Ballaarat mining companies continue as a rule to yield well, although there are of course many ' exception. The Koh-i-noor Company obtained over 500 ounces of gold last week towards the current fortnight's dividend. Good gold is visible in the washdirt from the new shaft. The Defiance Com pany obtained 372 ounces of gold last fortnight, and paid a net dividend of £20. The British Company, Happy Valley, has had a splendid yield during the past week, no less than 570 ounces of gold having been obtained. One machine alone yielded 200 oz. The prospects of the Albion Company have very much improved lately, 114 oz of gold having been obtained last week, 43 oz 18 dwt of which was washed from one machine on Saturday last. Some nuggets, varying from a quarter of an ounce to three or four ounces, and a quantity of ? coarse gold, were taken from a run of deep ground at the east end, and bearing about N.E. and S.W. at the west end. Gold' has been struck in one of the drives bearing S. 15 E., and. another drive put in at right angles: to it nas strucic me same run oi curt, tnus proving a large extent of good paying ground. The underground workings are progressing satisfac torily. The plant and claim of the late Southern Cross Company were sold last week, and were bought by Mr Downes, on behalf of the Victoria Company, for the sum of £1000. There yet remain some thirty shares in the new company to be taken up, and when they have been allotted, there will be a meeting convened to discuss the commencement of operations. . . ???.'???.;? We learn from the Clunes weekly mining report that during the past fortnight the Port Phillip Com pany crushed the following amount of quartz and surface stuff raised by the Clunes Company : — Prom the mine: 1246 tons of quartz;, yield, 382 oz 17 dwt ; average, 6 dwt 3 gr per ton. Old Man Reef : 461 tons ; yield, 91 oz 3 dwt ; average 3 dwt 21 gr. Surface : 135 tons ; yield, 29 oz 4 dwt ; average,, 4 dwt 7 gr. The Glendonald prospecting shaft is to be sunk 50 feet deeper, and the contract has been let at the rate of £2 12s 6d per foot. Tie water having been bailed out, the sinking commenced to day (Monday) . The whole of the batteries are now employed, and the men are working eight-hour shifts. . We gather from the mining returns for the Smythesdole district that, during the weekending . the 11th inst., the Avonclif t Company got 60 oz 9 dwt 5 grand has declared another £5. dividend, making a total of £32 per share. The Bute Com pany got 147 oz 8 dwt 9 gr. The Azimuth Com pany got 37 oz 1 dwt 18 gr. The Reliance Com pany got 60 oz. There has been no change in the quality of the dirt, but a portion of the ground over head was found to be too heavy for the timber, which caused some delay for repairs. The Cale donian Company got 20 oz, but was only able to' work three days. Try Again, Devil's Kitchen, got 76 oz. This is a good average towards the fortnightly dividend. The Grand Trunk Company, Spring dallah^ made up the fortnight's yield to 97 oz. The company is annoyed by the trap rock coming down on. the reef in places, thus preventing the company from getting the usual quantity of washdirt. The Morning Light Company has not yet reached the gutter, but expect to do so in about fourteen days. The Volunteers' Company got 172 oz for the week. . A dividend will be declared, which there is no doubt will be first-rate. . A nugget of gold and quartz mixed, -weighing 49' oz, was got on Tuesday byNye and party in New Chum Gully, Creswick. The nugget is supposed to contain about 40 oz of pure gold., ' Prom the va rious large pieces of gold and quartz mixed which have been found at different periods in the locality, there appears,' says the Star, 'to be no doubt of the existence of a rich quartz reef in the neighbor hood.' The Great Republic Company, Ballaarat, is now no more. The Star says: — 'After a life of several years on the Inkermann Lead, and with more or less success, and after passing through several transformations, it lias at last given up the ghost, and all its corporealities were bought on Tuesday, by f,he Royal Saxon Company, for the sum of £2525. This includes the Lemonade freehold, the Crown land claiiui.!, and all the plants and machinery on both the freehold and Crown land claims. It is said that theie had been a company formed and a nice little plan arranged by certain of the Re public directors to get the whole properties into thiiir hands, but an unexpected competition arose at the sale, and the Royal Saxon Company eventually became tho purchaser.' ? o- ? . ?? ..,-... . The following mining reports have been received dm'ing the week : — ' '''.'.,'', Tho Catherine United Co. had 192 oz o dwt gold on Saturday, and declared a dividend of 2* per cent, on capital payable on Wednesday next. . The Johnson's Reef Co. sold 28 oz, gold on Satur day last. The Victoria Reef Gold Mines Co. had 26 oz G dwt gold from 40 tons stone and mullock. The'Ajax Association had 93 oz gold on Satur day, obtained chiefly from nnder the stamps. Tho v, result is much under anticipation, and is justly attributed to tho working of the new machinery being as yet imperfect. Tho quantity of stone put through last week is estimated at only 130 tons. Tho St. Mungo Co. sold, on Saturday, 19i oz 10 dwt gold. This, we believe, is tho result of a fort night's work by all the tribute parties. Tho Koh-i-noor Company obtained -140 oz for last week's washing. . ,_ The Band of Hope Company washed 134 oz for the week. The St. Arnaud United Company crushed, during: * last fortnight, 697 tons quartz, yielding 161 oz 17 dwt gold, It is stated tli«t a parcel of 403 oa q$ this company's gold, lately refined, yielded 254 oz gold and 98 oz silver. The Olunes Company crashed, at the Port Phillip Works, during the lact fortnight, as fol lows:— From mine, 1246 tons, yielding 382 oz 17 dwt, average 6 dwt 3 gr per ton ; Old Man Keef , 461 tons, yielding »91 oz 3 dwt, average 3 dwt 21 . grjfrom surface, 135 tons, yielding 29 oz 4 dwt, average 4 dwt 7 gr. The New North Cluhes Company's shaft is now 498 feet deep. The sinking is through soft slato, . but the water is increasing. ' ' Beehive Mining Association, Tarrengower. — Re- turn for th'e week ending 11th June : 161 tons crushed, yielding 112 ounces amalgam, from ripples and pan. There is a slight improvement in the : prospects below, and also in the week's return. Baglehawk Mining Association, Tarrengower. — Ware and party are still raising some very good v Btone from : about forty-five feet below the surface. The other parties of sub-tributers are going on as usual. Grand Junction Mining Association, Tarren gower. — At Martin's Reef a leader from the east has been cut, in which, gold is seen, and the reef itself looks remarkably well. Twenty-five tons from the Monitor are now in the kilns ready for burning. ? ? New Chum Mining Company, Bendigo. — Return for the week ending 11th inst. : 115£ ounces re .. torted gold. Broadway Mining Company, Dnnolly. — The shaft is now down about nineteen feet, and it is sup , posed the false bottom has been reached. Union Company, Maldon, 11th June. — H. Ellar, secretary to J. B. Were and Son, agents. — The tri buters recommenced crushing on Thursday after noon. The stone now being raised holds out as good as before reported, and a similar fortnight's yield to that last reported may be expected. They have .made Beveral alterations to the tables and basins, and also intend to fix four basins outside the stamp-house. Telegrams received by William Clarke and Sons : — Catherine United Company, 192 oz; New Chum Company, 112 oz ; Victoria Reef Company, 26 oz. St. Mungo Company. — We have received the \- exact . particulars of last week's returns: — No. 1 . tribute party, from 77 tons, obtained 36 oz 13 dwt; No. 2 tribute party, from 100 tons, obtained 156 oz 15 dwt gold. , The Star Reef Company sold 20 oz gold last ,.week. ? ?? , Hustler's Reef Quartz Mining and Drainage , Company. — Under ? date 13th June, 1864, the manager reports as follows : — There is nothing new to report to- day. The reef still maintains the same favorable appearance, and my anticipations of last week, with regard to our next returns, will, I am sure, be fully borne out on Saturday. 