; iXJIVHi WAR IN AMERICA. ! i Arab,. M , 'me j [First! QVV.' OWEN .COIUlESrONDBNT.') ' New York, February 12. 1851. The winter months are fast hurrying away, and the time for renewing this terrible conflict is rapidly appro lolling,, and both sides are preparing for it one steals not hitherto' attempted. Thoseasoa hitherto was most favourable for. military operations, the last two months being a continuous succession of dry frosty weather, with a brief spell of snow and severe weather in the early part of last month. But the time for resting the army had come as also the time for filling up the diminished ranks, and, if possible, placing it on aMrongir footing than ever before. And now again is heard in our streets the tramp of armed men hurrying to the point, whether be to the banks of the Rappahannock the York River- the Cumberland and Tennessee the James River-the Músíesippi-tho bayous of Louisiana to the belonging force before Charleston- or to some of the expeditionary forces that are being collected at various points for the grand battle of 1864. The nation has roared from the excitement and alarms, and fatigues, and dangers of 1863, all of which are now forgotten, and it again begins to arouse itself to the consciousness of the terrible conflict that lies be fore it. It now begins indeed to feel that the rebellion must be crushed, that the causes which led to it must be removed, and that it must come out of this ordeal Redeemed, emancipated, and disenthralled. The efforts now made to recruit the army are thwarted by oapporhoadlam, , secessionists, or 'ism of any kind. There are, notwithstanding, thousands and thousands to-day who, from ignorance of deep- seated prejudice, insane here for the President and his administration, a morbid sympathy for their fellow citizens" of the South, and the general discontent of and love of opposition to all and anything that is natural to some men, that would hail with delight the most serious reverses to our arms, or any national disaster at home or abroad so that they might be able to spout treason again in public places, or ventilate pet theories on platform or forum. But their day will not come until after the war, when they will be utterly harmless. There is not now the military enthusiasm that prevailed to such an extent a year or two ago there is not the display of armed bodies passing through the great metropolis, harrying to the front, that used to be; but never before was the mile ' tory element so predominant as now. It is no longer now it has lost much of its «ttrccliveners-it is neither the pot of one party or the object of disdain of the other, hut has become blended with the community, and unseen and un- noticed it is acquiring a character that will render it formidable for good or ill in the time to come, his influ fence at present is, at all events, all for good. The eager- ness with which they arrayed themselves with the State time general Government against the disaffected, or rather against the tools of the hidden traitors last summer, has left a lasting impression. Recruiting for the coming campaign is rapidly progressing under the new system. Valoran regiments, the skeletons of such rather are daily sent from the. front to the place where they were originally raised, nui these few hundreds, the remnant of the thousands and upwards who, under some popular till, such as Ellsworth ? Avengers, Mozird Keglmanr, Tarnunny ditto, Corcoran Legions, and Fire Brigades, No , having re-enlisted there service, soon recruit their ranks, returning to the front at the expiration of their fur lough. " It may be truly fearful that the whole Federal army has re-enlisted for the war; and as but little fighting lagMug on just now, you may imagine how the other and towns and villages of the North, East, and West must be crowded with military. It is charged by the croakers that there is no patriotism in it-that the large bounties are the temple Hon.. Well, indeed, the bounties are Urge- anyth!u,r like it was never known. Every veteran retaliating receives from 800 dollars to DOG dollars; Every now enlisted recruit, come COO dollars and 760 dollars paid down. But is there no patriotism in the people who pay these bounties ? No patriotism in the taxpayers of amity, city, or town, who has thiiu<clvi's to send forth Soldiers to fight the battles of the Union The general Government pays but 100 dollars bounty, the rest is voted by the municipal authorities of the people themselves and surely this is patriotism ? Great changes, are comics: round, Such -a mighty conflict as this could not be waged for so long a time, and for whatever time has yet to come, without wonderful and very radical events being evolved therefrom That they will all tend to good there can be no doubt ; for the good are any line is but the dawn that shall usher in the perfect day. The great heart of the people accept the axiom that "what is not," and the sacrifices made to bring about the what is, now, will be met with greater sacrifices should they be reminded to bring about the noisy but one hoped for result of all the bloodshed, the early abolition of slavery. About one year ago oopperhoadum was rampant in this oily-the Government was denounced, all enjoyment tabooed so far as vituperation and abuse went, in the assemblies of the copperhead their tongues had been loosed by the writ of miners' cornes being referred to do full efficacy throughout the whole land- and they ran rampant. The elections were then coming on, and the screen was to influence them hostilely to the Government Nocheck.no restraint was ever put upon the leaders, and the result proved, if not the strength of the Government, that the people, as we say here, were sound. In our city corporations, municipal assemblies, legisla- tures, on up to Congress, we find the same ft¡<¡llng-that this war must be finally prosecuted, and that legislative note necessary to the strengthening of the Government to that end will meet, if not with general assent, with the support of a very large majority. The era of coppeihoadism has, I think, almost died away. The name itself is falling into disuse. and those who gloried in it glory in it no more probably for ever. Amen. I scarcely know what subject as the more important to keep up bore. There is very little the war HOYT'S to record and nothing rev Ha wives or radlçaHjni very important in congressional or political matters. Whatever is in by write under his" tender must be more of it prospective than retrospective nature, but chatter on any subject claims first notice, however unimportant. MY last letter g ives you the retreat of I on-street from before Knoxville, General Burnside, aided by the demonstrations and relief sent him by Grant, turned from being the assailed to the assail lit, and Longstrctt hid himself away somewhere in the interior of Alabama. The great importance of the lines round Knoxville, Chattanooga, to., necessitate the maintenance of a large force there, and the winter has been passed by the army quiescent, and as comfortable as possible, without "any disturbance from the rebels. General Grant retired from the front for a little rest, but here again in the saddle, and strange accounts reached us yesterday that Longstreet was again on the wing, and had out off our communications Tia Cumberland Gap (the route marched by a portion of Burn side's army to reach Knoxville some time ago) with Knox- ville, which is again the principal object of the robot General's attack. This account we look on as a mere rumour, because It goes to the extent to say that nearly all East Tennessee is again in. the hands of the rebels). This will to a very sEVere blOev, should it, turn out to be (run, more on account of the suffering likely to follow to the people who have given in their alhcsloP'totheGoVurn ment than from any disasters to our arms thereby. Is an attempt to overrun a large portion of East Tennessee Longstreet would have great advantages during the lull in active operations on our own part, but his success, under any circumstances, could be but very temporary. The Western troops are rushing like an avalanche to the scenes of their moorings and triomphe.' Illinois has given ten. thousand men beyond her quota in the several drafts ordered, including the last, of a few weeks ago, for 000,000 additional troops, lord, Ohio, and all the other Western States are likewise showing the mettle their citizens are made of, and the army which will be led by Grant In the spring will be the largest yet seen under the banner of one commander. The military rank of Lieutenant-General has been specially created by the present Congress, and it is expected that Grant is the man for it. To- night's despatches may bring us reliable news from Tennessee ; if so, I will add it as a postscript A raid was made by the rebel General Early in Western Virginia just as the new year came upon us, which proved very disastrous to the rebels. He intended to have attacked our posts by surprise, and led a strong force for this purpose across the mountains, But the cold suddenly became intense, sleet and frost and hall assailed his march, while at the same time he found! himself confronted by our troops, who were apprised of his approach. Even our well-clad troops could scarcely bear up against the elements, much less the poorly dad and poorly fed Southerners. Early, with terrible Robberies in battle, but in the war of elements 1 -retreated, and has not since attempted anything in that I Quarter. The expedition to Texas has done all that could be ex- expected of it. It holds Brownsville on the Rio Grande, and the whole of the seaboard and ports with the exception of Galveston, completely cutting off all blockade smuggling. ' We hear very little about progress in the interior, but what I swooned do reach us give a dreadful picture of affairs there, and from which it would appear that there is great disaon sion between the people those who still stick out for the Confederacy and Uiobb who hope for the overthrow of rebel rule there. The guerillas and conscript hunters harass the people terribly, but the latter have begun to show fight at \- the prospect of a speedy deliverance, which they hope for from the movements of the Union army. Two very important movements were made by the Union forces lately in Virginia. The first was the crossing of the Bspldan by a portion of the army of the Potomac, or, as it is now called, General Meade's army ; but whatever design j was in it beyond its announced design-arsconnolsanoe in (force- it was frustrated by the invincible Lae, He closely watched our movements, and, by sending an adequate force to check are at the feint, massed a large f Bros at the point we rightly conceived was the principal one of attack. Jan engagement ensued, and, having discovered his \- strength, he retired, But a very important move was made by General Buller, who commanded at Fortress Monroe. He conceived the design of a sudden attack on Richmond by the peninsula, the old ground of M'Clellan's battles and defeats, for the purpose of releasing the Union prisoners confined in the dungeons there, Castle Thunder, Libby prison, and Belle Isle. Several attempts have been made to reach Richmond by this route, and last summer I was myself the chronicler of one of them when I accompanied General Keyes' expedition, but that particular one was rather an already need diversion to draw troops from the rebel force this invading Pennsylvania, than with any fixed design to seize Richmond. I saw two little fights, to be sure, on that occasion, but I will always look back to it as the time I went a-blackberry ing, rather than the time I went .. campaigning." General Butler is not the man to plan a surprise, and chcnvantilato it by great public preparations. Having conceived vee now, he hurried a strong force from York Town up to White House, and entered immediately upon the march towards Richmond, which he should have reached some time on Sunday last j but at no light on Saturday a deserter from our lines no doubt a shot Southerner purposely inlmtid-enternd with the news of our approach, and our advance was checked on the famed Cbleknhomony by obstructed fords and an armed force on the other side; co, just after such, another expedition as that I chronicled, with the exception that it was in the leafy month of June, I was out with the boys ," the boys this time were roughing it in the courts of winter, so nothing of that attempt carne either. But it is pretty evident that this is the vulnerable side of Richmond, and so long; as the persevering, trocomptoruieing. "outlawed" Butler is in command of the department of Virginia, just so long may the Bicbmondiles expect to be "Bcarbd" outoffices sloop, if not out of their lives, by worse and more pretentious alarniB than that which caused all their tocsin to sound at midnight of Saturday last. A second grand reconnaiBanoo to feel the enemy in front, and to ascertain the truth as to whether Leo, deeming himself secure, "na in his camp he lay," had been strong bodies of troops for the reinforcement of"J-hiifon in the south- west, and perhaps, also, with the design of taking advantage of whatever might turn up from Butler's mild, for this reconnaisance was simultaneous with it; whatever it was, too reconnaisance went forth, and, though we were told great things were to be expected of it, ended, as so many others, in (iii. The foregoing comprise about the whole history of active operations for the past month; but, as I said before, the most extensive preparations are being made for the In- evitable, and inevitably, the decisive campaign of 1860, Ibceo preparations look not only to the means of meeting (be impending conflict at home, but that we shall be armed for any emergency that may arise, the result of difficulties or miEUtideutundings abroad. Four immense ocean monitors are being beat, and almost every week sees a monitor or gunboat launched for operations along the coast or in the inland waters. I am almost inclined to disbelieve the daily reports we receive of the immense fleet collecting under A Admiral Porter at the mouth of the Mississippi, because said reports depots) that it is the largest fleet of lighting vessels veil collected. Its destination has not transpired It is only three days ago that General Gilmore, who still superintends the siege of Charleston, started an expedition from Port 1903 n] for Florida. The force has already landed, and is now pushing for a place called Tallahassee. on the great line of of railway which formerly connected the distant oveigUiet of the Flowery State with the club of the Univoco," Boston, or the most distant village of New England, Then again, Admiral Farragut, with another (loot, is preparing a Invent Mobile with a land force on board his vessels of SO 000 or 40,000 men. Another squadron threatens G Galveston in Texas, a while Savannah is in hourly dread of the approach of our terrible gunboats, But Charleston Mill holds out successfully, and while she does, end while Richmond stands, the Itibil Government will not be driven to the head EBity of dying in the last ditch. But indeed it would appear if there strongholds would be the last ditch or grave if the rebellion. It is impossible that the rebels can withstand long the overwhelming avalanche of forces that will be precipitated on them at all quarters as soon as the armies are put in motion. Hitherto the Southern army and people have received all needed supplies, if not in profusion, yet sufficient to keep them in heart through a somewhat successful course of blockade running. The principal part of this trade was maintained by the difficulty of com- I politely blockading Wilmington that has been removed, need not a single "runner" has entered Wilmington for many weeks. T reports on the Rio Grand and the mouth of the Gulf gave easy means of supply, but since the expedition to Texas, and our occupation of the banks of the river, that resource has been taken away from them, and the whole business of blockade running has become so risky that all we must ors in that line are almost at an end, and our blue-eyed neighbours along the coast and in Nace m are for long bluer than ever. The wall, It may be so termed, that comes from the South is terrible ; the tales of deserters, who come in great numbers, might be discredited, but the most uncompromising of the Southern Press tar clearly and forced by fermented, and realised establish the fact that great want and destitution, not only in articles of do King, but in t to May necessaries for the maintenance of life, prevail throughout the whole land. 'The accounts are sad indeed, and if the bravery, and heroism, and endurance with which the Southern people are maintaining this unequal request vote to be accredited to that desire of freedom and nine dependence which they declare is the cause of their areas eIoii, and in their success was not be the ourism establishment of a great slave empire on the other side of the grant free rivers of the North, few would withhold a prayer for their success, But this bravery and endurance is but the exterior view. The army rampart is the Uno which forbids an inspection of the interior, and military despotism Hlencoa the series of tens of thousands who mourn the first falso a od They were induced to take by the designs of their leaders 1 men who will force upon them the very dregs of the bitter cup of treason. It is very suggestive when we Sod that it is proposed to suspend the writ of habeas corpus in the South. Why should that be done among a united people, I isolated beyond the influence of traitors from abroad, having no strangers-no suspects- no discontents entering or leaving their posts to foment discord, or cause cabals in tboirmidLt. That brief suspension of the writ in the North was urgently demanded; for the Government was for a time, and a very long time too, surrounded with treason, open and covert. Men were passing through our cities with despatches to rebel ambassadors abroad Emissaries from Iheto made the Northern ports their highways of communi- cation entered our cities, mixed amongst sympathisers here, carried away with them all Important information even threats and denunciations were hurled against it. Was it not time to assert the right of the country to self- preservation ? I see by the last accounts from Richmond that the question of the suspension of the writ is under discussion in the Congress there, but I cannot learn from the papers of the necessity for such a harsh alternative. The people are quiescent everywhere, suffering, but silent under their suf .(> ling, at least no murmurings are allowed to be heard. It is PP'v ob our troops advance that the spirit of the people shows itself. At first, when one sees fluctuated, the rebel one day was a strong Unionist the next, another day after a rampant Secessionist, Voting and torturing the wounded soldiers on the Halls and ro'b.'ieiâe8- Part By trials Past ' ^"JP90?1«,B itself in most hearts rw"C and all hope in the catgut greens of a Southern coBfedfrfli.'J^ib.ey DUO loBtall confidence in their leaders, and with Ibsioee of the"??, awakes the glorious memory of the old Union, and the love of the Constitu- tion bequeathed to North and South alike by Washington Mid the other great men of the revolution. Yoi, tea they now hail lovingly and truthfully the protection of the old flag. The ways of Providence are înèôrulable-whore slavery was strongest, where it was all labour, where it was deemed all essential to the people there to-day-in Near Orleans and in districts of Louisiana State conventions are sitting and framing new Constitutions excluding slavery for ever from their midst. Missouri, Maryland, and Kentucky will have slavery wiped for over from their State statute books, and Mississippi, Georgia, Virginia, the two Carolinas, Florida other portions of Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas, by the President's proclamation shall have slavery rooted out, So the work goes on. In Congress there was a bill introduced a few days ago by Mr. Sumner, proposing an immediate amendment to the Constitution, which will provide that slavery, or inve-laqtar» ecryitp.de, swop. fearing shall not exist in any portion of the United States. Should that pate, the unconquered States must accept the Constitution as they find it, and long before they would be in a condition to go to war for the negro, they would have discovered the fact, that they were now bailor without him, except as a paid labourer. The Presidential campaign is stirring up political open Stations. There is so candidate yet prominently before the people, and the politicians are all divided. The Pennsylvania Democratic Convention named M'UIoIlan, but he has not a ghost of a chance. The Herald goes strongly for General Grant, but it was the first to announce M'Clellan as our future' President, and though it is now greatly opposed to Mr. Lincoln, the probabilities are it may strenuous support his nomination before the time comes. A great movement is on foot, which just at the present occupies the attention of the ladies more than the men. A metropolitan sanitary fair, under the auspices of the ladies of the Soldiers Sanitary Commission, is to be held in the city and Brooklyn, in February and March. It promises to be a great affair not only trades and societies and professions are contributing of their industry and art, but nationalities are individualising themselves and putting forth efforts commensurate with the respect, and with the greatness of the countries they represent. The churches, or rather the congregations, will be large contributors. The proceeds of the fair go to the amelioration of our soldier on the field at the time of battle, in the hospital walk he is an invalid, and indeed at all times in the camp and on the march. 