MUBDER OF A YOUNG IADY BY H$R T.OVER. At the Derby Assizes, before' Baron Martin,' on December 11th, George Victor Townley was charged with having,' on the 21st of August last, at Wirksworth, murdered Eliza beth Caroline Goodwin. Though -the prisoner formally pleaded 'Not Guilty,' it is not denied that be deliberately- toot away the life of the deceased. It appeared that four years aso .Townley and Miss Goodwin met, -and formed a mutual attachment — she being then eighteen, and he £wenty-rae years of age. After a time they exchanged promises of marriage, but the engagement seems to' have been disapproved of by the friends -of the young hilly, on the Very reasonable grounds that his means were insufficient for the support of a wife, and at length it was broken off at fheir : instigation.' It was, 'however, subsequently renewed, though apparently without the know letlgeof Hiss Goodwin's relatives. Townley lived nw ''Manchester, *and:;Miss .Goodwin,' with hei;::grabi&ith;^,_, Captain Goodwin/ at' Wigweli' Hatij' in'1 IJenjyinitte;'' ' Letters ' c6B atantly passed between them,' many of whicii have-since ? been 'destroyed, but are' proved by secondary, evidence to have expressed faithful affection on both sides. The prisoner's want of means h*ad always been recognised as . an obstacle to the mamage,-but in the' course of last euminer a more formidable impediment .arose. 'A clergyman/* vfhose name, is not given,' the' Cassib .of this sad history, had been . staying wi& Gaplam 'Goodwin,' and inade pro posals to, the granddaughter.. Jle^ras accepted, and MisS Goodwin, tr'tohad spoken of Tiim to herl^rolhedas the most' deli^tSlsmau she had~ ewi -m^ 'smite at 'lasii on', August I$thi to.begithat the: 'former- engagement might be; broken =offi--'8he:'does not appear-' to have 'mehtionea^eWie-fcatise, bn^-on'^btcontrary, ^attrib'liteSd ititi her gnOiJa&ther;, ^; aria- assured 2Towoley that .? she \ would-. not marry . ; if . she could help it ^.Thati letters seemed *o: have turned his- brain.' -JHe had alwajfc^eeri re served, bnt he now.becanie.m^yy.^pless, and -neryonft He,. replied, h?ire?E5 |n_ ,two letters which betray dq trace .of excitement, Jjut^*^jn^^;in *:Mry_aatoJ^toneiuad. ?with much ^jelf -command,, vjn-; ?f1??^?3'Vsa^1 ^»r a^ast' iitervieWjiMid /there : is Teviclence to_i shW that she at fi^fcfoh^ted^ but imniedi atelyiafterwarai wrote to Btbp ljis couiing, 6B.J; : Ing (mflilMte^J^td to. truth) th^brSaV :?*as about; to leaTC Wigweli' iiat ?. very day for an ' in«&^'.:4»^^TSwnleyi,T»B9t, nevertheless,. 1^^e:^T%\S!^SW|«ia tonJia^JSfllsSring? to^^aigiMt; -2l^*oofc-his iteket&rVWtoteao-;: well, the' nearest station tof1v%wellr 'Tfieniee' he walked' past tie' hall to Wiiisworth, and tried to find out from, a -friend of the Goodwin family whether 'Ins' suspicions were true. By the advice of this gentleman he; returned to Wigweli, between -five and six o'clock, and asked for Miss Goodwin. 'The servant showed him in, and he was' left alone .trith'his victim.: His manner was then cool aiid collected, and 'like that of other, people.'. The interview between the former, lovers, whicii took place in the garden, '-lasted a 'considerable time,i though it was broken by Miss;Ooodwin's oc-1 ca3ional visits to --.the -house, during which' Townley yrai left alone, and whcnle took his departure lie pursnaded her. to accompany him' along the lane. 'When next seen she was' striving to reach home, supporting- herself by clinging to the wall, the blood pouring from: three gashes in her throat j and she told the; labourer who went to her aid that a gentleman : had murdered her.- A moment afterwards; Townley came up and avowed; himself the assassin, saying, ' I am -f&e; man who did it^ : and I shall he 'hanged for it' . To the dying; girl he eatd, '' You Should not' have been false to me.' He helped to -carry her to tfee' house ; and there, after ebe %as ^dead, he exclaimed, 'She has deceived me^ and the woman who deceives ine-mtBt-dftiS 7 Dr. Forbes -Winslow declared this man to be insane, and upon grounds -so futile that no one- can wonder that hia opinion was wholly disregarded by the jury. The jury occupied but five minutes in confirming those propositions by the foreman handing in a verdict of ''Guilty.' The judge, in passing sentence of death, said he fully con curred in the verdict At the termination of the sentence the prisoner leant back on the seat he had previously occupied, and' resumed his former - attitude of indifference. When abont to be ied out of the dock by tiie go vernor and officers of the gaol, he again looked pointedly towards die -judge, and bowed with an elegance and grace indicative . of polished manners. His lordship returned the salute in a very marked manner. The prisoner was then removed to a private room in- the county-hall, where he made a hearty dinner immediately afterwards. 'Oh arriving at' the gaol his clothes were taken .from him and th; prison dress sub stituted, and he was conveyed to the con demned cell, where two turnkeys remain wilh him day and night His father and mother had an interview with him the same- night The gaol chaplain visits him daily. Hia con demnation has- not- made the slightest alter ation in his demeanour. He partakes of his meals' ' heartily,' sleeps well, and repeatedly asserts that he was perfectly justified in taking away his victim's life, and that he. feds- no re morse for the deed. - It is said that Mr. -Baron Martin has suggesteda-commisaion of inquiry into the state of mind of the accused.' His lordship is stated to Express no doubt that the evidence tailed to show Townley's insanity when he committed the crime, but to suggest that there is room for doubt as to. his insanity at present The 31st of December has been fixed for the execution of the murderer, to take place at Deiby. The mayor and -magistrates of that town, besides several other, influential gentlemen, have signed a 'petition to Sir 'George Cray to forego the capital punishment. :The Aothok at SbJheaesai*— In my ima gination I had always pictured a stage rehearBal as Vveiy pleasant affiiir. _ Realiringily -Wound that as the author I was regarded as an' enemy byievery ohe who 'had a part in'the piece ; ind that I had not only made all of them inimical to myself, bat to each other. The leading low comedian and the leading young lady had been on the best terms possible until- 1 sowed the seeds of discord between them by providing them respectively with the parts of Jack and the Giant Jack confined to me privately that so far as the lines were concerned, she would much' rather have been the Giant ;' while the Giant protested, for the same reason, that he would have infinitely preferred to be Jack. There was' only one- point on which they were unanimous, and that was in. their hatred' for me and their envy of each 'other. ' The discon tent of these two was -so -unreasonable that I could treat it with Indifference ; but it cut me to the guick to be pitifully informed, by the second old man, whom I had been partly in fi£riiTnpntjil * in rastincr fnr TWnfhfir TTllhhsmi that his .line of business, until he had joined that theatre, had been tragedy, and that he had been accustomed to enact Macbeth and Corio lanus. I had a fellow feeling for the second old man, and could have sympathised with him if he had been only* commonly -aviL But he would insist on altering my couplets and intro ducing 'gags' which I could not approve. Thus, without any 'rhyme or reason whatever, he persisted in -substituting for a very neat joke the yillgar expression, '''Hollo, boys,, there goes another guy !' which he said was safe to bring the house-down. The Giant ' also took similar liberties, and finished lines with 'What's your little gamer ' Who's your hatterf 'How's your, poor Jbet % ' and other expressions of the streets, which' had no relation whatever to the subject of the dialogue. I protested that I could not allow my name to appear in connec tion with such nonsense, laucLbe^ed the Giant to speak' only the words set' Sown for him. I had'my repqiafiqn !io'!^iudjV.,' The Giant '&? torted that hte had hlsTthputatipn to study too; tand hfi/had^|l).e..:aiidacitjrJt^1 ^4y^ ^at ' there was not a laugh iu ihe whole piece; Und that,nnless he was permitted to do something to 'hit the people np,v:it: would be damnei — Alt the Year Bound; . ? .'.:? -- . ?' - Y-\\- J. k?. \/. Scratching Eace H'0ESE5.--A.case:df con siderable interest to 6porting men ? came before Mr. £jerr, in the Bheriff^TOourt.- - A' 31r. ;Pyne wasphuntifi;?ad Mt Slatter ^described as of Dixon's, Bucklersbnry) defendant'1 -.The. Action was-for -tiierecuveiy of-soine~J£5j'entnisted'-to defendant to mate -a bet on'-Barchettina, for the Shrewsbn^4Dup,_.Qn,Jhe^orning.jif,the race tEe'horse was. scratched, and plaintiff de mande'd'baek Tiis 'money,- which defendant re fused to return. It was argued on the one side thai; 'the -money jwBBr;^rly lost according to the rnles'of 'theiiidndoB' betting-ring, and those of the Jockey Club ; but jon the other it was asserted' that the: Jockey Club had laid idpwn no such, regtlatiou, and that it was generally* recognised! -tironghout . the country that when:;a=tiorse teas-^cratchei, the- money was-returned. The' defendant Btated that he .had'handeithe. :money to a Mr. Fisher, con siderin|'ihat it hadbeen faidy lost %y plaintiff -His Honor pbiidted. out the evil effects 'which .would mevitaKy^^w' fii-m the rule that a - ?bfet should be lost. 'even if. the .horse was 'soratdied ; but;as the evidence teoaed to.ehow: l^t'su^'arijwgliSsed 'icodeiibf dieating ' was' uj-ibree, .he could only conclude ; jhat the .plaintiff had lost his £5.- Plaintiff, then -elected ? 'lobe non-snfied, with costs, with' a-1 view of ^rmgifigthe^acti6n%^waijory inraSgoperidr 'fcourt. ? ' ? '' . ,THB:lKTTEJfiioir of Photogeapht. — A -late bumber of the Birmingham- Journal, contains the following interesting paragraph on this sub ject : — ' The Saturday Heviea hitely called nt-. tendon to a circumstance with which, no doubt, most persons -are familiar, viz., ike dis covery at JBoulton's House, at Soho, of several paper photographs^^some of them taken before 1791, and all of them, doubtlessly, before :the commencement of the present . century. This, so far- as the scientific honour of the country,, and of Birmingham especially, is concerned, is like the finding of another Pompeii. The very utmost .that was supposed to have been accom plished 'By Watt or Wedgwood, before this dis interment, was . the production of some few de signs and rude results of copying by nitrate of silver ;- but tbefact-that a photographic process of some completeness aud excellence, with a mode of fixing the image in a partial manner, was known to Boulton and the Lunar Society, seems now set at rest, and to entitle the English to a distinct claim of priority in the matter of photographic discovery. It is certainly a curious feet that an art should have been dis covered, improved on; and worked, and should then, as is now suggested, have been allowed, at the instance of Government, and on the petition of -the -fioyal Academy of Artists, to die out with the; inventor, or be virtually sup pressed with his connivance, on account of the injury likely to ensue to the fine arts. That Sir William Beatty was not quite wrong in his fears and anticipations has been shown, but the principle that checks the progress of one art on account of detriment to another that it succeeds — the .destruction of an inferior for a super seding, and, therefore, superior one — has been long: exploded. The race of portrait and minia ture painters is dying out, and the past year has eeen the abandonment of their profession by some of the most eminent modern artists, Mr. Thorburn included ; but at no period in English history was the general and diffused taste for art 'greater, or were more extravagant prices paid and demanded for pictures. The branch art that has been impaired by photo graphy was' imperfect, and relatively valueless of its kind, lacking that truth which should have Been its primest essential, and without which it was nothing.' The Geeat Eastern a Hatoted Ship. — In course of a paper read by Captain James Paton, on Wednesday, relative to the repairs of the Great Eastern, he stated that an im pression got abroad that the ship was haunted, the alleged ghost being that of an unfortunate rivetter, who was heard plying his vocation in one of jthe wells or compartments. Captain Patoii stated that before the vessel left this country Lie believed that one of the men em ployed in her construction was missing. The man was a rivetter ; -he was missed from the ship .and never came for his wages, the suppo sition being that he had been rivetted up in some part of the vessel '- So firmly impressed were some of the men with this idea that they left the- ship' in consequence. They affirm that they have heard their departed friend busily engaged rivetting in the middle of the night The stOTy was believed by many persons in New York, and on one occasion while the ?ship was under repair, a diver signalled to be drawn up.1 He appeared pale with fright, and bottom.; of the ship ; in fact that he begun rivetting immediately over his head. Such was the consternation amongst the divers that they called in the aid of the one of tho spirit mediums who are -somewhat numerous in the city -of. New York. The medium came on board the ship, and after an examination, de clared that the missing man was there both ' in body :and spirit' Fortunately he (Capt. Paton) by- pure accident was able to dispel the altusitin. Being in a boat near the bows of the ship, he discovered' that a swivel connected with the moorings worked to and fro, the move ment' causing a chink or vibration which at times, more - especially at night, was heard throughout the' vessel. It was this -sound which had conjured up; in connection with the supposed fate of the unfortunate .rivetter,; the phantom whose mysterious doings spread such consternation on board the big ship. It is ME. — It may astonish some of my critics and' correspondents to hear that Dr. La tham,7 in his admirable book on the English language, has gone thoroughly into the 'expres- sion 'it is me,' and justified it, not on idio matic grounds only, but on grammatical also. He his shown that mi is not the objective case bf /, which hitter is indeclinable ; but is an independent personal pronoun by itself, and is as much nominative as accusative, ' We ought not,' he; says, ' to be required to say ' if is /,' in English, any more than 'e'estje? in French.' Both.langnages have retained the ancient form of the personal pronoun — the English in this and some other commonly, nssd phrases ; the French, ? far more ? generally. You may say; 'e'estmoi,' in French; you may say, 'itisl' or ' it is me' in English. — Good Words. Scene ik a Kentucky Coubt. — In the good old times in Kentucky,- when 'substan- tial justice' was admirdstered in a log cabin, after a very free and easy manner, a suit was brought to recover, certain monies of which it was alleged the plaintiff had been defrauded by the ingenious operation known as ' thimble lagging.' 'Jn ithe coi&se-of; the trial, plaintiff's dotuisel, ^vho happerad to be an ?? expert,' un dertook to 'enlighten die '-court as to the modus aperandi of the performance.. Putting himself into position, he produced three cups and the .'?little joW,' and. proceeded, suiting the action 'to. the word — *? Thenj may- it please the court, the defendant,, placing - the cups on his knee thus, began shifting them, 60, offering, to bet my client could not tell uader which 'cup was tie 'littile; joker '-^-meaning. Jheraby, may it please the court, tins', ball — with the intention of defiiaudiiig iny client of the sum thus wa gered. ' Eolr instance, when I raise the cup so, your Honor supposes that you -see the ball — ' '- Suppofe t see f ' interrupted the Judge, who had closely! watched the performance, and was sure that he had detected the ball as one of the cups v^as accidentally raised, ' why, any fool can see where it is, and bet on it, and be sure to win. There ain't no defraudiu* thar !' ' Perhaps your Honor would like to go a fiver oh it I' insinuated the council 'Go a fiver ? Yes, and double it too, and here's' the rhino. It's under the middle cup.' 'I'll go a fiver on thai,' said thi? foreman of the jury, and I, and I, joined in the jurors one after, another, until each jiiror had invested his pile. ' Up,' 'said his Honor. - a Up/' it was; but the' u lit tle joker' had mysteriously- disappeared. Judge anil jury, were enlightened, and found no difficuky;ia brjngitfg a verdict in fiivour of plaintiff, ioiithe ground that it was the ' dar tiest ku^d.j&) defraudiu'.'' ^HSs Hbnorl:aajpnrned the coartf Mid stooddntJks ill! roucd, ;ih consi deration Of being le¥fcfffebm his *ager. 