S:0: V,-., FOIC ROE IR SALF. TO THgE EDITOi OF TIIE IPi'PSLAND TM.ES. I' Yo utrsed by blesslings infinite. Because Most highly favynred most rolfqundly lost ,Yo motley mass of cpntmdigtion strong." :Smi,--In my last comusnication on this. sub ject I stated that Dr. Colns's .booko n?r merely a reiteration of thbo ioro of fo mer ipfidels, and that for a man first to subscribe to a certain set of articles as true-being the necessary step to a lucrative appointment-anId then to tell the world he believes those articles to be filsc, at the same time insisting on hbolding lis'-o lice; is a most atonishling piece of inconsistency. I also stated that the Pentttonch contained laws anil ?recepts which are the very foundation df civilamtion, and the security of overy virtu f hebnssocial, poli. tical, or rcli consequently that it would last for over and over, nudalso that a stream so pure and beneficial, could not have originated in trickery and falsehood. I now 'be further to remark that the Doctor admits that Ie advances nothing new, and this is ,the most truthful stateinent in his whole book, for the question was largely discussed a century ago, Tsom Payne did all the wodrk'rough and ready to his hand, and whoever wishes to ren~ Watson's apology for the Iliblo, krite onin answer tob Payne, will find it a very gol annswer to Dr. Colonso, Also read." Lqslio's Short Method with thoc Dests," where it is clearly ldenionstratid there being paositive institutions, commenmoittive rites and cerenionies already int6xiteonco among, the Israelites in the timo of Samuel, wlhilh bound thumi together as a people, and for med the grand distinction between them' and the sorrounding natlons. These institutions, moioriais; rites,. commomoratlons and ceremonlis formed not only, a part of their history, but also asn nsurmouni-t =--- .. . . . . . . able barrier anginst Samuel, or indeed any otlher man, ever acting tlhe part ascribed to him by Dr. Colenso. t And now, in order to gave on idea of the Doc- i tor' groundless position, I ioere give a pa:stuge in fall fro' ltis coneluding remarks?(p.gc 376) : t \-- ." . and merely regard him (S:unuel) as t agreat statesman and lawgiver, imbued from his "oliildhiood with deep religious feellngs, and h:iv ing early awakened in'hihb , we cannot doubt, by 1 special divine inspiration, the strong conviction of the distinct personal presence of the Livinig God." 377: " It is well known that theauthor. of most of thle gtat early legislators of antiquity In of those, which are attributed to Minos, Lycurgua, and Nuam~ being actuated by the purest desire for the welfare of their country. men, sought to attach authority to their lessons and laws by represesenting theim as revealed supernaturally, or at least as divinely approved. The results of our investigations compel us to the conclhuion that either Smnnel himself or some other writer of that age did the same. "In this, however, there is nothing incon sistent with the belief that Samuel was a true main, a true servant of the Living God, in whose Sname lie spoke and of whom lie witnessed. There I is nothing to prevent our believing lie was moved by the Holy Ghost wh?ile he strove to teach bis people by the examlle of their forefathers, set .before themn in a lifelilC:estory, full of moial and roligiduos signiLficincn 'rhne lot' ig tYlihan6lulljy true, thd duty of fearing God, and trustij"iin him, and loving and serving him, there is nothing' o to prevent our receiving the narrative as bringing to us lesson% of like significance, inas being pro Sfitab!e for doctrine, reproof, correction, and in 1 struction in righteousness." .And ifso,.hns the Doctor done more to pro mote the canuse of virtue' by writing two or-three volumies in order to prbve the historical untruth of writings which he says are so .beneficial. If not, he has conceived a mighty object, and brought. forth- nothing. Bult -the intelligent reader will at once perceive the jargon of this most- incongruous pice of English literature coming front the. learned leading critic of the day. We are told to regard Samuel merelyasagreat statesman and laIwgiver, writing in the style of Minos, Lycuegus, ?td Num.--that is, orpresent. ing things to be supernatural which they well know were not so ; in fact, writing a story which they knew was not historically true, consequently nmust have been historically false, or, in other words, must have been a historical lie. And yet to write this lie, the Doctor lins "io doubt" but that he was specially divinely inspired and moved I by the Holy Ghost. In this, however, the Doc. tor says there is nothing'inconsistent-this his-. I torical lie is profitable for reproof and instruction in righteousncess. VWhen a man's hypothesis thlus leds him to suech contrdlictory conclusions, prudence and good sense generally dictate the. propriety of throwing his writings behind the fire rather than publish them to a discerning world, and thereby giving poeterity an opportunity of saying the pen that wrote the above must have been guided by h one who was a little creked in the brain. The attentive reotadr.will eoolly porceive'a little fur ther on (page 3S1 to the end) that the Doctor considers himself as much inspired as Samuel. IIere the underlying principlesof lantheismn loam oat, and for a momient we drop the book and read the man. : . But time and space compel me to conclude for the present, till 'ny pel lhas a more extenlded opportunity of exposing the sophistry of some of the schoolinen. A VOICE. 