Wht Courier* THURSDAY, MAROU 3, ISM. The ro.iiway works have been formally inaugurated, the cates bavo been eaten, and tho demonstration is numbered with the things of tbo past. Of all that makes memorable tbe observance of tho last proclaimed holiday, no incident no forcibly arrests attention as the restraint, half-cautious half-timorous, which charac- terised the boaring of Ministers, this day week. Even tho slashing and trenchant Secretary for Lands and Works did,, foi- once, withstand the temptation to daze us with the diamond dust of his Demosthonio eloquence. Looked he not exultant as he promenaded in the covered way all bedeoked with posies, that had becu pre- pared but not used for the ceremony of cutting the first sod 1 His pegtops dis- tended to more thau tho airy dimensions of the ancestral kilt, he stepped out like one who felt that his foot was ou his native heath, or that ho was every inch a " King of Ipswich"; aud? Ho woro his beaver up. How, then, aro wo to accouut foi* so much self-denial? Surely the cup of tho Hou. AuTiiun Macalisteii's glorifi- cation was full ou that occasion, if never before in his eventful lifo 1 But it seemed too much for him. His, spirit was strangely perturbed, if, as is re- ported, ho brnko tho silver ceremonial shovel. If this did occur, wc, admiring him from afar, were not near enough to the august presence to see it. But it is nought at tho worst; we had eyes, not for the toyish implement, but for him alone?him whoso breast was heaving with emotion at tho contemplation of the great future which his far-seeing mind conjured up for this country which has the happiness to be governed by him. When at the ban- quet (luncheon is a term unsuited to tbe elevation of our subject) he spoke, his words, though few, had something " oracular," as Pope would say, " in that " unadorned gravity and shortness in " the expression " which is at all times a charm of King Mao's peculiar style of oratory. He spoke for himself and his colleagues. He had faint praise for their railway policy, of which he was anxious to afford tho colony every infor- mation, only that as Parliament had the first right to tho information he must re- tain it until it was first laid before Par- liament. A chango has como over Ministers. They do not fear enquiry, ho said j they court it. That is well. We trust tliey will be prepared to give a clear anti honest explanation of tho contract for surveying tho old Tramway line?of tho nico agency job for furnish- ing plaut entrusted to Sir Charles Fo.t ?of tho arrangement of tho contract for constructing the railway, of all of which we have already given notice anti shall not fail to move again when tho proper time arrives. lu referring to the motives of "individuals" who oppose the railway policy, Mr. Macalister failed to do himself justice; ho overlooked thoso whom ho took so much troublo to abuso behind their backs on a former festive occasion, at Toowoomba?tho representatives of the Brisbauo Press. Ho was shrewd enough to be aware that individuals wore present whom he had not tho hardi- hood to stigmatise faco to face, any moro than ho had not tho manliness to speak of thom truthfully. Pity ho wns before so precipitate. Haviug so much power, he and his colleagues might bo so far merci- ful to tho Press as to follow tho oxamplo of Fbederio tho Great, and, while they do as thoy like, leavo tho Press to say what it likes of them. This virtue thoy might have assumed though thoy had it not. It is too lato now, for thoy havo learned ero this, tho, io them, disagree- able truth that whatever their power, the Press will not allow thom to do as they liko without telling thom of their misdeeds, however unpleasant tho task. Every ono who knows anything of railways will regard as mere rodomon ttulo Mr. Macalisteii's flights of fancy anent tho " involution in tho coustruc " tion of railways in the Australian colo " nies" whioh his adoption of tho three feet six inches gauge is to effect; or "tho saving of fifty per cont." (upon what ?) whioh is to enable tho Govern- ment " in throe years to run railways " from north to south, and from east to " wost." It was his first and last effort to como out in tho customary soap bubble stylo, and so ineffective was it thnt his heart misgavo him, and ho in- continently subsided, after a speech of five minutes duration; What a lame and impotent conclusion was this ! Tho railway demonstration without a tremen- dous spoeoli from tho Socrotary for Lands and Works was liko tho presenta- tion of tho play of " Hamlot" with tho part of Hamlet left out. It was some- thing akin to stage-fright thnt caused Mi*. Macalister to play the Ghost. Ho must, surely, havo disappointed his friends. Tho Colonial Secretary had nought to say on political matters, aud was content to bo tho champion of the ladies ; and nono moro ablo than ho to acquit himself of the task gracefully. Tho Treasurer sat with tho representa- tives of the contractors, and " listeu'd " liko n tinco years' child," but never a word said ho. Probably ho was thinking of his monoy bags, and tho troublo in store for him whon tho timo comes for prosouting his balanco sheol to the Parliament, llo looks weary and fugged lately, and we fear that tito cares of State aro weighing heavily upon him. lt was cruel of I ho Atioriicy- CJeiiet'iil to absent himself, for his constitutional exuberance might hnvo somowhnt eheoral his orcst-fallou col- leagues. Ministers owo a debt of gratitude to Mr. Frrzainuu.v, who, willi u desiro to supply tho ilcficioucieB ol' tho head of his departmont, made a great effort ia the speechifying line! Y0M10 was somewhat hazy aud inconsistent ia his conclusions. Really, we would advise tho Seoretary for Lands nnd Works not to give him his head so easily, for he is inclined to take tho bit between his teeth aud run away; Not content with his chief's boasting of having made the colony tho subjoot of an experiment which not the most famous engineers nor the most wealthy countries have attempted, tho Commis- sioner seems to wish that we should by aud-bye prepare togo in for "another " motivo power than steam." What, in the name of all that is safe, does this double-barreled functionary mean? Is he not content -with his success as a " disciple" of- the narrow guago ; and does impunity make him reck- less? Does he meditate pirating tho icrial machine, Dr. Bland's atmotic ship, or M. Nadau's "Geant"? If not, we fear ho will have to wait long before this colony adopts " another motive " power than steam" as an experiment for internal communication. By the time the first train is run on the Southern and Western Railway we shall have had enough ofthe narrow guage. It would be interesting to tho public if, wheu Mr. Fitzgibbon was speaking of the exertions which ho aud his staff made to keep their " promise to the Government," some ex- planation had been givon of the position which tho Eugineer-iu-Chief aud Com- missioner of Railways occupies in tho public service. We havo heard of flun- keys aud waiters in hotels and on board packet-ships paying a bonus for beiug allowed to occupy thoir offices, their re- muneration boiug derived from perqui- sites and any unconsidered trifles whioh come in their way. Wo hope that no such arrangement has boon made in the particular caso wo refer to;?but, no doubt, Mr. Macalister is best able to tell, aud will do so when explaining the Government railway policy to Parlia- ment. In consequence- of an interruption on thu linc south of Tamworth, wo aro not in pos- session of any telegraphic intelligence from New Sontli Wales. We understand that Mr. Lewis, Chief Con- stable of Brisbane, will shortly cease to fulfil the duties of that office, he having been ap- pointed Superintendent of the Gaol at Rock- hampton. Lieutenant Wheeler, of the Native Police, at present stationed at Sandgate, suc- ceeds Mr. Lewis as Superintendent of the Brisbane Police. The prisoner George Smith, who wns, on Tuesday last, remanded to New South Wales, on suspicion of having stolen a cheque from Tamworth, was sent from Brisbane yesterday, in ch.irgo of constable White, on board the James Paterson. A special meeting of the Committee of the Victorian Cricket Club was held last evening at the North Australian Hotel. There were presont Messrs. Jones (chairman), Macnisli, Oliuso, Costin, Board, and King. Mr. Board, on behalf of tho secretary, rend n challenge from tho Fortitudo Valloy Club to play a second Ulovon of tho Victorians, on Saturday next. It was agreed that tho challenge should bo accepted, mid tho following cloven names \vora oloetod :?Board, Chnso, Cummings, Lowington, Lnusloy, Miskin, II. K. Macnisli, Pockloy, Jones, J. A. Ilydor, King, Vf, H. Kout (cincrgoncy.J Other businoss waa transacted, and tho committee adjourned. Satuiiday afternoon next has boon dotor mincd on as tho timo nt which a vory inte- resting pulling match is to como off. Tho contending parties aro Messrs. E. II. Webb and F. Warner, on tho one sido ; mid tho two Messrs. Wcfloiihnll un tho other. It will ho a pair-oar nice, tho courso being from Wnlmsloy's Point to tho Custom House. Tbo fiist- nniiicd gentlcniou will pull thu Caledon ; and it is believed that their opponents will pull either tho Shadow or thu Mary. Judging from, tho fact that four of our best amateur oarsmen will bo ongaged in this friondly con tost, wo consider oin selves justified in be- lieving that tho issuo will bo rogarded with more Minn ordinary interest. We havo hoon roquostcd by tho Mnnngors of tho Hospital to uppoal to tho honevolont public for n supply of rags, of which there is ot present gront noed. Wu aro suro that a moro hint will suffice to cull forth ollera of assistance from many who at tho prosont timo aro not awaro of tho valuo to tho hos- pital of what aro generally termed " rags." - Now that tho business of tho Assizes is concluded, thoio cnn bo no reason for leaving tho quantity of sawdust upon thu io id in front of tho Court-honso, in Quocn-street, which was vory judiciously placed thero whilst tho court was sitting. It bas now moro than over becomo a nuisance to tho citizens ; and, ns it cnn no longer ho of uso, tho authorities of tho Supreme Court would ho conferring abonefit by ordering its instant removal. At tho Central Polico Court, yestorday, after two drunkards woro suitably punished John Moorcroft was sent to gaol as a danger- ous lunatic. A summons caso, for tho illegal detention of property, was dismissed, neither plaintiff or defendant appearing. 