THE LAY OF THE GRINDER— Bbxsg the Doleful Lakest or x Tost Yjusfe Sll/UIK (Dope by the Ci^HorA- WinhsL) A Bttle mist—anctndation from the aonl rjt 01 nighL-"—OH Flag' The fisberEwere goDc to the sea- And the dawn had begun to break; For many an hour the peeler had ceased Wit moonlight rounds to take. So bitterly keen the wind „ 23iat swept those oamw-streets, - Not even the ghosts -ron larking beat— Would dare to be oot of thor Aeeia. Yet still there bumed Up, op notodofetairs, In a crib, where a lonely grinder saV And esiig this song ofhis cares;— " Wodc ! wbfk! work I l^ongh weary my eyes and tlim Ab hour's sweet sleep £ may not snatch, For that old Professor eo grim. " Weary my hand-with the pai' ' And sck with toiT iny brain, While ever anon, through jny aching bnnr There flits a flash of pain ; Tet never a minnte to slack— But on ; for the horns go by With the eddying coarse of bnsy thought. Till I almost widi to die. " Up by the hoar el «inp. And thrcm^i the street so cold, Chd in that horrible morning gown, I hie me away to tiie fold. When, gathered like verdant brmbt^ We nibble those bitter roots Which the pastoral care to each state doth soare, As if we were nothing hot brutes. Drowsy and and yawning I at, And hear him yarn and spin— Muddier when I get oat Thai even when I went in. Bad: to my den Eks a beast And bade to my sorrowful grind— To that savage old ptmk that pWrtm my bank— No ease for body or mind ! " Oh f Professors and men! ' Men with children and wives f Tis a horrible an this grinding or That's grinding otttoai lives 1 Let us hare time to deep. And to change—at least when we dream— Each crib to "a Imss, while we won. pbu etch *• And in smoke see the mid of each theme. * WhyBhonldXthnshejaamniEd Like a sack, with ancient iagB ? With big-wingled wordsy to me fleet , ss tbe birds— High equations as flat as the 1 Yet nothing but grind and grind, In this wretched uppermost fiat; No time for a wink—Tho', by jove, when I think, E'en die vigilant stars do that. " Grind ! grind! grind! From mom to midnight dim I . And grind > grind ! grind ! *fiH B»y eyes begin to swim. TO] the words on the pages mix and reel Before my eyes so red. Tfe a eb and a ftotf, bnt the mote's my Wame—Fll book it an3 off to bed." Montrose, 1863; A Female Eiexdl—I saw a woman on the Federal eide with a large ft one in faer hand, levelliDg a finishing blow at a poorfellow of the 45th Regiment The watch was :at the man's: back as he sat on tbe ground, having one of Lis. legs broken on the preceding diy by a musket shot ^s thaefiige quite hdpless. My snndfn Wipiw iii wull" forifrmcwafait impended the coarse of this infiirialie creatcre, and she remained with "her hand raised^ grasping a stone as big as both her fists patrauig. no doabt, to consider how far my presence ought to check her mnrderous views ; and Jnrjng this momentary hesitation, from the opposite side a man stepped forth, whom I immediately perceived to be a private soldier of the SOthliegiment (Confederates): His occupation was doubtful ; plunder had induced him to straggle from his corps and remain in the rear; and I sincerely hope his cupidity was confined to the property of the'dead. Thi« man was a German, and he also as well at myself had seen the diabolical intent of the woman before ns. My hand was strongly grasping the hilt of my sword, -which I had -half-drawn" with a determination of stopping by force -the farther progress of the fiend. Bat the German lost no time in considering; beran up,his rifle half up to .his fhrmlder, and Without any -parley or ceremony,' merely muttering as he sprang towards her,' You be nofomnan, py Got! you be detefijL*. thenjnit his rifle close to her ear, and before I had time to form any dear conjecture as to his views, the upper half of her head vanished; and was dispersed in atoms among the bushes, and ho- body in falling almost extended over ths wotmdsd soldier. Having carefully untied the woman's apron, which was richly filled with watches, ring* and valuables of all kinds, the German, daited from the spot, and disappeared 'among the bushes, casting at me a ferocious 'glance.—Military Tourist Tbe Cost of Misconduct.—Among 'affairs of gallantry,' as they were coridered, was the action brought by the Rev, Mr liassey, in the following September, against the Marquis of HeadforV ..when the former obtained, as damages, the large sum of ten thousand pounds. In 180S I*>rd Elgin obtained the same honorarium from Mr Ferguson, and Lord Boringdon the Same sum from Sir Arthur PagetTTii the following year the penalty was doubled— the offender bang Lord' Paget—the lady so highly priced bismg the wile of the Hon. H, Wellesly. A angular case of the same uature was made public a few jdays later. During Bartholomew Fair; a young gentleman was, by what: was called a court (Xjnaipoadrc, sentenced to pay a penalty of seventy shillings for taking an actress from -Richardson's show, to the detriment of' the manager; and a further penalty of one hundred shillings for having so done to the detriment- of-her-husband, she bang a married womajt "Ah inquiry into theconduct of the Princess of Wales, in 1S09, was a fruitful souice:of SiamialoiiE gossip.' Her Royal Higbnefis hid, ^or several - years, conducted herself in such a manner as to excite the apprehensions of . her, .friends aad the suspicions of her enemies. It is belieVEd riiatshetook a' perverse' pleasure in deceiving both. Her conduct was not _j)aly: thoughtless but singlariy tinladyb'ke. No act'of criminality •cold: be proved against her. Thesuheequeiit publication of Lord Malmsbnrys and l«(iy Charlotte Buy's Diaries have proved that there wasbmple cause fl»r such an investigation, though it produced nobaieficial effect. Bat the much more scandaloas inquiiy was that wWA took place, in the year 1809, into the yndnct -rf.the Dake of York. It was alkged thtit his Roj^l' Highnees, while cOmmander^nchiefs had permitted copimisSonsinthe British army to be sold, or given away by » notorious cOTrtean,. .Mary, ; Anne: Cfcirfce j. and it wasproved--m evideswe, unma oSicr disrepntable recipients, her footman £d, through her influence^ obtain such a distindim forhim- ' self. The exposure mated great «ratetaBnt throoghoot the^oontiy*. the Duke was o^edtowE^n the^dirBcbano; a£Eursat:1h» Horse G^urd&^It^a^n^^yb^^ed that the womair had inSb&l; QdondL Wardle to 1 -witiithfi hope Ion or ,. , „ Years' Biographical Reminiscences. By Lord William Rtt I^nnox. 