ASMODEUS IN SYDNEY. The other evening, as Mr. Punch was (in search of the sublime and beautiful) perambulating near the Maycral Trophy in H de Park, and endeavouring by his well known process of ratiocination to connect Bobby Towns's "Rotten Row" with the Boats which, according to a well known author, " the Maldivian Islanders send adrift atthe mercy ot tne winds and waves, loaded witn periumes, <xc., as onenugs tu ui« King of the Sea." And as Mr. Punch was smiling at a mental vision that at the moment suggested itself, of the Hon. W . B. Allen at the Great Exhibition of 1st April, 1999, contemplating an Etruscan vase filled with his " tallow oil," to which the first prize — a bust of him self in yellow soap — had been awarded, he (Mr. P.) was aroused from his reverie by a tap on the shoulder. Quickly stifling certain fear's as to sticking- up, &e.;, that obtruded themselves, he looked round. His eye fell upon a strange figure, in short, his old friend Asmodeus, who fhxis accosted him, — " Glad to see you, Mr. Punch ; you're the 'right man in the right place ' here, and if you will follow the example of the gentleman whom I once enlightened, and take hold of my cloak, I will give you a slight insight into our Sydney matters." Mr. Punch having accepted the offer was speedily whisked away. After some moments Asmodeus stopped before a certain building in Sydney ; and having, by his well-known method, rendered all objects visible to Mr. Punch, invited his attention to an individual seated at a table, whose whole faculties seemed absorbed in the question of " Our Defences," upon which he was engaged in writing a letter to the Sydney Morning Herald. . ' Now, my dear Mr. Punch," observed Asmodeus, " mark the chivalry depicted in the writer's countenance, and the complacency with which he smiles at a decision at which he has this instant arrived as to the relative merits of Armstrong aud W iiitworth guns, and his self congratulation as he commits his glowing ideas to paper. Admire his engineering tactics, as, by means of two lumps of sugar and a child's coral, he illustrates his design for a ' fort.' Observe his demon strated acumen as he proceeds to estimate the expense of forming a canal from the Tank Stream to the Parramatta Lunatic Asylum, for the purpose of forwarding guns into the interior." Proceeding a short distance further, Mr. Punch's conductor suddenly halted before the door of a distinguished mansion. "Look," he exclaimed, "into that magnificently- furnished apartment. You observe that bland looking gentleman, whose countenance is expressive of perfect felicity — of the assured conviction that, when he retires to his bed, as he shortly will do, — ' No dreams of ill will him molest, Or angry visions break his rest.' He is a retired partner of the well-known firm of Schedule, Assign ment and Comi'any, whose transactions with Dividend Brothers and the great foreign house of Van Doo and Josser, at one time formed such a topic of excitement in our commercial circles. Having, at a time when he was solvent within the meaning of the Act, hut not otherwise, settled certain properties upon his wife, these his creditors cannot get at, and they are consequently under the necessity of testing the strength of their lungs in performing the operation commonly designated as 'whistling for it." With this remark, Asmodeus whisked off Mr. Punch, .and Indulged him with a view of the private sanctum of a well-known politician,' whose " soul was in arms and eager for the fray," " This gentleman," observed Asmodeus, has, upon one ofYbe few occasions iii his life time when that event happens, con ceived' hh original idea, and has returned from the opera that suggested it." Mr. PunCh, jwith some degree of surprise, witnessed the follow ing scene The Politiciantin question, taking the skulls of seven other Legisla tors, sthek one of Allen's penny dips into each, lighted the whole, and proceeded to form the magic circle — whilst a rather curious figure, a kind of Iria juneto in uno resemblance of an owl, .a lady's muff, and Parkesennery entering, like Toe's " Raven," perched itself upon a " pallid bust," not of Pallas, but of Piddington, over the door of the chamber. ' Having produced a spirit lamp and an iron soup ladle, the latter not having been cast in infringement of Dalgleisii's patent, the Politician proceeds to mould or cast the seven points or principles of a grandfinancial scheme, the mould used hearing a striking resemblance to his own cranium, "One!" exclaims the Politician. " My eye;! " screams the triune figure .from the top of Piddington' s bust. 1 Enter the Ghost of "My Granny," clad in departed Sydney Morn ing Heralds, accompanied by the Wraith of "Mr. Redde Pepper," who, not having found "The Poor Man" in this life, is con demned to hunt for him after death. "Two!" exclaims the Politician. " Does your mother know you're out f" screams the figure. Enter the Ghost of the Empire arrayed in long sheets of printed Admiralty Costs that no one can, of will take the trouble, to understand. " Three exclaims the Politician. "Plow's your poor feet?" screams the figure — and enter Fisher's Ghost mounted on the Spirit of BaalamVAss. < "Four!" exclaims the Politician. u: "Walker !" screams the figure — and enter the Spirit of " Tambour-; ine Sal," accompanied by the music of a barrel-organ — air ffSfii. Jack Horner, " We're off to Woolloomooloo." " Five ! " exclaims the Politician. " Has your mother sold her mangle ?" screams the figure. Enter Bobby Towns in his' celebrated Act of " The, Demon of the. depths of the briny sea," dressed in approved pan,toinimic c8s-; tume— drawn in a condemned whale boat by two bull whales and a militia man. "Six!" exclaims the Politician. ' \ ' " Gammon !" screams the figure — and a Vision of premiership ap pears in the air, like Macbeth' s airy dagger, followed .by the Hon. 0. Cowper who, from a copy of Bell's Life,-, sings — " Take, take, take ! The screw that was mice for me." " Seven ! " exclaims the Politician. " You've done it," screams the figure — and the Shade of the defunct Stubbs arises, followed by a host of " electors " Who, never pay ing taxes, are on that account the more anxious to have them reduced. Stubbs' shade exclaims, " Though the House in Jjlac- quarie street appeal's to he an ' omnibus,' you'll find it Woh't carry your measures." Frantic dance of all the spirits, amidst which Asmodeus once .more carries away Mr. Punch, who may possibly on k future occasion relate what else he saw in his inter- domiciliary pryirigs. 