..Thb GTovbrnor's speech waB cer- . teinljr a most innocuous production. ; Ihe opposition very wisely forbore ' ringing forward any amendment on _ WO address, for there was nothing' to to whioh anybody could object. Their jitentions were studiously concealed; tbeir policy is as great an enigma as ever. It woa only the clear ana dignified manner in which tho document was read by His Excellency that kept the attention of tho audience during the few minutes that tho ceremony lasted, so utterly puorile was the wholo affair. Never did any Australian Governor deliver a speech which was so entirely composed of words of course, to the exclusion of all others, and in which sense was from the beginning to the end sacrificed for sound. A covert sneer at the Legislative Assembly on the ground of this being the Inst session of tho present Parliament, and a finoly drawn distinction, which could only linve entered the brains of Mr. Higin- BOTnAM, between a letter and a des patch were the only matters of interest in the wholo speech. Of course, no one in his senses can object to a Land Bill which is to " largely encourage both agricultural and pastoral enter prise, and conduce to tho prosperity of tho colony at large by attracting popu lation as well ns capitfd to its shores." Should Mr. IIkalrs succeed in framing such a measuro I10 will certainly hare anticipated the millennium. And so of the other legislation Parliament was promised. The bills for tho better management of the gnldfields, tho amondmcnt of tho laws renting to spirituous liquors, reformatories, hnd industrial schools, and the other measures alluded to by Sir Charles Darlin'o, wero not likely to cause much discussion, and as the financial position of the colony was not once alluded to, tho framer of tho speesh deserves credit for omitting any topic upon which there wa9 likely to he any difference of opinion. So far ns appearances went yesterday, the Houso might be thought to bo a Bpecies of happy family. Ministers must not, however, be de ceived by this apparcmt unanimity. Already tliero are symptoms of a break up amongst their supporters. Thoy are beginning to kick at tbe contemp tuous way in which they are treate-d. Mr. Casey and Mr. Thomson frankly' admitted that thoy knew nothing about what were the intentions of their ifhis-' trious chiefs ; but tliaft they were pre pared to open their mouths, aad- shut their eyes, and seo what Healhs- and M'Culloch would send- them. Surely a more ignominious position was never occupied by two men wha profess to-ha/ve intelligence enough to form opinions- of thoir own, and courage enough to act up to them. Mr. M'Canw expressed1 his disapprobation at the wot in which he had been kept in the dark as to tha- Ministerial policy, and hinted that at some future day ho should b» obliged , to deprive his present friends of. his valuable support. Strong symptoms of a mutinous spirit were manifested by other men who are generally considered staunch and loyal, and not even the assurances of Mr. Weeks, upon his word and honour, that it was all right, and tbat ho was- quite sure that in the long run everv- tning would turn out for the beat, if the House would only have the goodness to wait a little longer, were sufficient to restore perfect confidence. We would really ask Ministers to make some re turn for the trusting affection by which they are regarded hy their unaerlings. But, unfortunately, their present course is the only one thoir circumstances will permit them to pursue. : By doing nothing, and veiling their inten tions with the greatest possible amount of . mystery, thoy hove succeeded in postponing the evil day. But sooner or later it must arrive. They must eventually declare what tlieir policy is. Whether, they are freetraders or pro tectionists, whether they approve of auction, deferred payments, or occupa tion licenses. Their enunciation of their policy will bo the signal for their downfall. M'Lellan and Molli- son, Berry and Brodribb cannot much longer sit and vote together, and their hostility will be all the more bitter for their present hollow friendship. Mr. Heales has been devoting the re cess to literary composition, ana a third progress report of the working of the land bill of 1862 has been laid upon the table of the Legislative Assembly. The docu ment reiers exclusively to what has taken place since Mr. Heales entered office. Much of the information has, of course, been anticipated, but some is not uninteresting. The estimated revenue from tho squatters during 1864 was L219,059, but tbat was before the Supreme Court had overruled tho in structions given "to tho arbitrators by the Board of Land and Works, that no allowance was to be made for land alienated under tbe provisions of tho Land Act of 18o2, in which cases a remedy was provided in clause 109. In consequence of this decision it is estimated that an additional sum of L28.305 will be lost to the country. Mr. Heales seems at last to have come to the conclusion that the rent paid by the squatters i3 too little for the privileges they enjoy. One instance he cites is remarkable enough. The new runs Lamplough, Redbank, and Glendhu, now realise to the State four-pence per acre, while the ten runs immediately joining them are let for a fraction more than three half pence. Mr. Heales has repented his free-grass errors, and is now of opinion that the Commons are a failure. He says in the majority of instances they have fallen into the hands of stock holders, who pay even less for the grasses than the dispossessed squatters aid. The attempts to enforce the Penal clauses of the Nicholson Land Act are briefly alluded to, and the President of the Board of Lands and Works very ingeniously gets over the legal difficulty, by blaming the constitu tion of Courts oi Petty Session, which, he says consist for the most part oi magistrates, who either have themselves broken tike law, or else sympathise with the wrong- doers. For these rea sons the Government have determined to try the next case in the County Court. During the half year wh'cb has elapsed since Mr. Heales took office, 160,000 acres of 4and have been offered for sale at auction, of which 100,000 have been sold for the sum oi L188,000, or 87s. 8d. per acre. This was 8s. lid. more than was realized for similar laud by Mr. Duppy, a result which Mr. IIkalrs attributes to ad vertising. Tho report winds up .by a sort of qualified admission that tho licenses granted for novel industries havoeffocted a considerable amount of good. The enrolment of volunteers in Viotoria for servico in New Zealand has not been terminated a moment too soon All those who had any interest in tho wel fare of the colony felt that it was some thing close akin to impudence for a neighbouring- colony to draw away from under our very noses a population that had been augmented by the expenditure of the public revenue for the introduc tion of immigrants. Major Pitt, of course, as he intimated to Mr M'Cul- locii, when requested by him to desist from prosecuting tho enrolment, lias hut discharged his duty to tho Govern ment of New Zealand, and mav think himself to havo been hardly used by tho harsh expressions applied to his operations. But there was every justification ef indignation, because nothing could possibly have been more cordial and prompt than tho assistance which this ooleny at once rendered Sir George Grey when in urgent despatches he intimntod tho difficulty of his position. Men and guns woro at once forwarded, and no thought taken for our own requirements. There was no necessity for this poach ing on Victorian soil, and it displayed a lamentable want of judgment. It could not be anticipated that Victoria would quietly submit to be drained of its population ; and when it had been determined by tbe New Zealand Govern ment to introduco 20,000 immigrants from Europe, it was manifestly ridi culous to run the risk of a collision with a friendly colony for an odd two thousand. The arrival of Mr. Wood was opportune, for it has saved the loss of time that would have occurred in corresponding with the New Zealand Ministry. It is not unfair to remark with reference to Major Pitt that he cannot be con sidered to have Beted altogether loyally towards this colony. It is not denied that it was very much owing to his representations that the New Zealand Government undertook this kidnapping : expedition, and yet he must have been ! well aware that it would be regarded with disfavour by tbe people of Vic toria. He- had transferred his alle- ! giance it i» true, to the New Zealand Government,, bat so recently that we might have- expected that he would have fairly represented, the real fceling3 of tile- Victorians- on the sub ject. It is creditable to Mr "Wood that lie has at once and so decidedly : acceded to the- views of this 'country. : It has allayed a- Bterm that was- brew ing, and which- would have involved ! the rupture of the friendly rela tions that exist between this- cofony and :New Zealand, and which we, at all ! events, desire to perpetuate. Mr;. Wood has doubtless accepted a serious responsibility in cancelling the instructions ot his- colleagues, but_ it displays him as a person of decision, and firmness, and will have- the effect of improvinghis position in the estima tion of his colleagues. A timid man would have left us to correspondence and a hubbub. We are confident, though . it was impossible to persuade those who have volunteered of its truth, that their acceptance of the offer of the New Zealand Government was an. ill- advised step, and we are therefore- gra tified that those who would yield to the illusion and perpetrate the samo folly as their fellows will not have the opportunity. It is notorious that very few of thoso who havo enlisted antici pate that they will settle on their allot ment, which is the chief object of those who have engaged their services : what therefore,, but hot blood, disappoint" ment, and attempts at coercion would ensue ? If tbe Government had acted with one-half the decision that Mr. Wood has displayed, the difficulty might have been altogether avoided; but although forewarned in ample time of the incursion of Maior Pitt, they did nothing until ho had arrived and attained very considerable succoss, and tbey had been awakened from thoir lethargic slumber by tho remonstrances of the public journals. All they dis covered was what they could not do. When the steed was stolen Mr. M'Cul loch bethought him of shutting the door. The plague is stayed, but no thanks to tbe Chief Secretary and his colleagues. The third and laat session af the second reformed Parllsmcnt was opened yesterday pur suant to the terms of His Excellency's pro clamation. Less Interest than usual was manifested by the public in the matter, tor the crowd outside the Houses of Parliament awaiting the Governor's arrival was not nearly so numerous as it usually his been on similar occasions, while the galleries of the Council were comparatively sparsely attended. No doubt tho unpromising appearance of the weather operated to some extent In thus diminishing the eriat of this interesting constitutional cere monial of tho day, and public curiosity relative to disclosures of Ministerial policy not having been stimulated by the existence of a general anticipation of Anything particularly interesting from tha present Government, had probably something to do with producing an apathy whl'-h, under the circumstances, was very re markable. About half-past one o'clock the fifes and drums of tho Immigrants' Homo marched to the Parliamentary reserve and took up a position there. A detachment of the Royal Artillery soon followed, and were drawn up in line on each side of the carriage waj . His Excellency arrived at the House a few minutes after two o'clock, his approach being announced by the usual Balute from the guns on the south bank of the Yorra. The members of the Legis lative Council assembled at two o'clock, and the president took his scat. Amongst the ladles present were Lady Barling and Miss Darling, who with four of his Excellency's sons occupied seats on the bench to the right oi the President, behind the members', ehairs. His Excellency, who walked as though slightly lame, and whose face showed traces of bis recent illness, entered the Chamber by the principal door, an innovation upon custom that was much com mented upon by the spectators. Prior to the arrival of Sir Charles, the customary initiatory business af tbe session, such as tbe reading by the clerk of the proclamation, had been trans acted. Tho Governor was received by the members standing, and some of tbe ladles, in cluding Lady and Miss Darling, also rose upon his entrance. The members of tbe Assembly having responded to the nsual summons to attend, the Speaker taking his place in the gangway, oppoalte the President, his Excellency ; read, somewhat nervously/ifift opening address, j —an unusually Js-jonlc one. The ivS,ker And ; the representatives rf the Lower Housd then j retired, and their withdrawal waa succeeded by I that ol hi 1 Excellency, whose depnture was signalled by another discharge of ar- j tillery. The official ceremonials having terminated, the House, after a brief discussion of an amendment on a motion to adjourn till | four o'clock, and which resulted in a division, adjourned accordingly. The Legislative Assembly met at 4 o'clock for the dispatch of buslncs-, although tha House was supposed to be sitting since two o'clock. Tho ordinary preliminary business having been disposed of, the number of notices of motion being unusually small, Mr Levey obtained from the Chief secretary the production of s one vry interesting correspondence on tbe subject of Colonel Pitt's mission to this colony. These documents are referred to elsewhere. The reply to His Excellency's address was moved by Mr Casey, and seconded by Mr Thomson, the latter naively confessing that he was quite iu the dark respecting the lan l policy ol the Government. A question from Mr Hnlncs relative to the corres pondence with the Heine Government on the sub ject ol transportation, havingbcennnewerod byMr M'Culloch, and Mcsers Woods and L. L. Smith having made some remarks, Mr Duffy asked tho Chief Secretary to state the order in which the business mentioned in the address would bo token. Mr M'Culloch said he would give the necessary information the following dny. Seeing that no obiection was taken to tho reply to tho address by the members of the opposition, Mr M'Cann with characteristic oharqulnusncss pro vided the reporters willi work by exhibiting an additional specimen of Ills remarkable political versatility in at tacking the Government, notwith standing that he had taken his seat Immediately behind them. He was.araazed at the reticence uf tlie Ministry, particula-ly with respect to; their land policy, and wanted to know whether tbe bill they intended to bring in was the same that was thrown jo ut by the Upper House last session, and if so, what steps bad been taken by the Government to ensure its passing both Houses this session? Such Inconvenient ia- quisitiveness was not to be brooked by the mem bers oi tbe " tail," and accordingly the fond and faithful Weeks administered the much required - rebuke. Tbe motion was then carried, and tho reply having been brought up by the committee to whom It was referred, it was adopted nem. con. It is to be presented to his Excellency at hal'-past three o'clock to-day. The address in reply to the Governor's speech was brought up yesterday in tho Legislative Council, nnd will be taken into consideration to-day. It was merely an echo of tho speech. Mr J. D. I'innock and Mr R. Turubull, tho newjy elected members fjr the Eastern Province, took the oaths and their seats, and several notices of motion were given. Mr Hull Is to ssk for all correspondeneo bstvreen the New Zealand and Victorian Governments with refer ence to the enrolment of military settlers in. this colony. Mr Strachsn will, on Tuesday, move tbat tha House proceed to the appointment of a chairman of committees, Mr Highett and Mr Fnwkner also have notices on the paper. Mr Hervey obtained leave to bring in a bill for the establishment of juvenile reformatories. It seems after ail that no official despatch ha been received by the Governor announcing the intention of tie Home Government not" to carry out the suggestions of tbe Royal Commission of eorryhsg on transportation to- Western Australia on an extensive- scale. A private cotatuualca- tiiin frsm the Secretary of State has, however, reached his Excellency, intimating that; the re- sommeadationa of tho committee in such; re- »pects would not bo adopted"; and am official xutico to the same effect is expected by the next nail' If our Government 1» in earnest in . Km professed' determination to continue lto- remoa- ctrancc against the conttnuance-of transportation: to-Australia untiiiit shall have finally ceased; the- abandonment of this shameiul negation: of the- duty whioh the- mqther- country owes to- its colonics, may be- regarded so at hand; But something more- than mere red tape and green ferret is. required to bring about this- happy denouement. A dignified and earnest vigour in. asserting the right of the Australian colonists to live unpdhited by contamination with tliecnst-off felonry of England, is-necessary, or convfotlsro will stilt continue for- many yeara to taint our moral atmosphere. Whether such qualities, as are likely to elicit the ttlnd of action which alono con be effective ex&i; in the present Government is perhaps doubtful. It ti for the Legislature to keep Mr SI'Cttlloch and his colleagues up to the mark!, not only ae regards the letter but the spiritof that portion of tho paragraph in the 6overoar'B. address, which rcfci to this question. The commercial community wiU be interested, in the fact that yesterday a bill, introduced by the Chief Secretary, fcr the regulation of trading and other companies woe read a first time. Thti measure is the same that passed through the Assembly last session, bat waa thrown out by the Upper House owing to the late period of the session. It is, as we Btated yesterday-, that Dr. King's friends aspired to know Ma intentions better than himself. The requisition desiring him to allow himself to be put In nomination for Bailaarat West has been presented, and Dr King declines to come forward. The Star understands that Mr Edward Cope, a Melbourne merchant, will contest the scat in the ministerial interest. It says " Mr Cope la described as a gen tleman of independent means, a large im porter, a literal in politics; is in favor of a liberal load law, the abolition of tho export duty on gold, a strong supporter of a national mint. Mr John Winter, late of Bonsbaw, lias been re quested by several gentlemen in Bailaarat to stand. Mr Winter has not positively proaouneed either way, and we understand that he will bo waited on to-day (Tuesday) with a view to ascertain decisively whether ho will or will not consent to be nominated." Mr Kinnear, inti mately connected with quartz mining at Ciunes, and well known to the miners of Bailaarat, is 0 candidate for the seat. Should Mr Klnnear's candidature prove successful, Ciunes will to all intents and purposes have two representatives in the persons of Mr M'Donoid and Mr Klnnoar. Mr Ward, the Postmaater-General of New Zealand, having greatly exceeded the instructions of his government with respeet to the limits of the colonial subsidy for the establishment oi pqstul communication via Panama, it is very doubtful whether the arrangement reported to have been entered into with tho Home Govern ment, and information of which was received by the last mail, will be adopted by tbe colonial authorities. The lignite companies at Bailaarat are alorrjin bringing the material to grass. The Victoria Company is now delayed by water In the drift, which has to be puddled back. Tho debentures of the Bailaarat Water.Com- mission seem to be gaining ground in tbe esti mation of capitalists. Several have boen taken up recently at higher xafes than have previously been given. Clearly nothing but a dearth of funds will prevent the Bailaarat mining companies from making the fortunes of the lawyers. The Star of yesterday says tbat " the injunction obtained by the Koh-i-neor Company was formally served on Monday afternoon, upon the manager of the Great Extended Company and other, defendants in the new suit filed by the Koh-i-noor Com pany." There waa a full committee meeting at tbe Melbourne hospital, yesterday, to elect a suc cessor to Mr E. M. James, the resident surgeon, who for some years has been one of its most in defatigable officers. Of three competitors, Dr W. II. Embling, the son of Dr Embiing, of Fltxroy, was successful, there being, only two votes recorded against him. We believe that Mr James will shortly receive a recognition of his services in the shape of a testimonial, hardly earned and well merited, and we cordially wish' him success id the career, upon which lie has entered. From -what- we- have" heard of, the 1 gentleman who succeeds him, there is every rea- son to eongr.-uu!n!ft the hospital authorities and . the public generally upon tbe result o/- day's electiod. Tho correspondence which was produced by Mr M'Culloch yesterday, in resjnrase to Mr Levey's request for information relative to Col. Pitt's recruiting proceedings, shows tlint tho remonstrances which originated with this journal on tbe subject of the monstrous interference of the agent of the New Zealnnd Government with the labour market of this country have not been without effect. It seems that Col. Pitt, when requested by the Chief Secretary to desist from his scandalous undertaking, at least uitil the reply of the Government at Auckland to the proteat of our own was received, refused, on the picn thnt his duty compelled liim to proceed. Fortunately the temporary presence of Mr Reader Wood, the treasurer to the New Zealnnd Government, in Melbourne, enabled Mr M'Cul loch to urge upon that gentleman tho justice of tbe case for this colony, nnd Mr Wood's common sense soon disposed of the question in favour of Victoria. Major Pitt's crimping expedition is consequently at an end, Mr Dufficld, so well known as the energetic importer of tho nipaca, in the course of his speech last night at the meeting of the Acclima tisation Society, said that the Bolivian Govern ment, which but recently exercised sueh jealous vigilance in the prevention of the export of alpacas, had with respect te Lis enterprise with drawn the prohibition, and that he hoped shortly to import some 1200 of these valuable animals to tbe Australian colonics. It is said that Mr Langton, of Brunswick street, is to be made secretary to the Colllngwood Gas Company, and further that Mr Harker and Dr Embling intend seeking again the suffrages of the Colllngwood constituency on the first opportunity. The two iacidcnts at first sight: do not appear to have any mutual connection, but we are assured that they have, and likewise that Mr Langton will not be a candidate for the representation of the district at ttic general election. The Murray Gazette reports the occurrence of a case of Asiatic cholera on the Clydesdale lead. Referring to a meeting held at the Devil's Kitchen, thcGrenvllle mail remarks: — Before the meeting closed a stoat lady, a resident from Dayleeford,- addressed tbe meeting at length, snd became so zealous in ths causo that she undertook to collect from the whole audience. A meeting of the Victorian Society of Blues was held yesterday afternoon at Mr Perry's offices, Collins street west. The society- was : formed in 1801 for the purpose of assisting those persons, pecuniarily and otherwise, who bad been educated at Christ's Hospital, and their widows and orphans. Mr B. Cowdefoy occu pied the chair and read the annual report, wldch was unanimously adopted, and ordered to be printed and circulated, along with the balance-, sheet, among tbe subscriben. The treasurer's statement showed a less favourable state of the; funds tban at tbe close of the previous year. ; L29 12s 7d.,wa» stated to be tbe amount to tbe ; credit ef the society in the treasurer's hands, ; besides L8 money lent, not yet returned. The ! report showed thnt the history of the society during the past year had varied bnt little from ! that of the previous year. The committee had 1 helped .those of their brethren whose necessities had been brought under their notice — in some : eases by lbon» repayable fa such a way as suited the circumstances' of tho borrowers, and In other cases by nsihg private influence in obtaining satiable employment when- required. A number of additional: brethren had declared themselves during tbe past year ia different parts ef - the- colony,, several of whom were fa Geelong. It waa proposed by Mr Jennings, seconded by Mr Coote, that Messrs Cowderoy, Whitby, nnd Beal:, who- retired: by rotation, be re-elected ; directors for-theensufajg year, which was -unani mously assented .to. Mr Ford then moved, > aad'Mr Whitby serondet), that Messrs Perry and j Cowderoy be tho trustees, nnd Mr Jennings and : Ltaut Woods, V.N., tho auditors for ths current year. Mr Weleh wao elee'ed to the office of, secretary and collector for 18G4, at a salary to, bo- fixed by the directors. A vote of thanks was ' then proposed to the retiring office bearers, and ! the mooting shortly afterwards separated. The : following are the names of those present at tbe meeting : — -Lieut G. A. Woods, V.N. ; Messrs ' Henry Jennings, B. Cowderoy, George Ford,; W. Perry, C. Mould, and F.. Whitby. i The Geelong Advertiser says : — " On Friday ; mooning last, about two mm., as a son of Mr Blsckwell's, sixteen years of age, waa out on- Lake Coanewanre shooting ducks, he noticed! something ahead of his boat that .be took to. bo swans, and he accordingly fired at the object.: This turned out to be Mr Butler, a farmer near! the lakes, who, perceiving a flock of ducks . ahead of him, had laid down in his little Bhallow. skiff and was quietly paddling himself along to them, using his arms as paddles. He had on a white shirt, and it seems the lad Blackwell had: fancied that tho occasional and regular appear ance of the slcevee of this garment waa caused by the opening and dosing of the wings of the Imaginary Bwan. The greater portion of the diarge of the lad's gun, which was loaded with' No. 2 Bhot, and flred at n distance of thirty yards, penetrated the shonldcrs and back part oi Mr Butler's head, and riddled, the boat. Mr Butler was taken to the hospital, where, under Dr Reid's treatment, we learn he Is progressing favourably." The Grenvfllo Mail 'states that Mr A. Ktlly, entrusted with the enrolment of volunteers at Bailaarat for New Zealand, received a telegram on Monday evening from Capt. Fraser, from Gee-? long, to cease the enrolment, the New -Zealand Government having abandoned it. The Ben- digo Advertiser also announces the abandonment of enlistment in its district. The Jarinary number- of the Medical and Surgical Review contains an announcement that on the completion of tbe present volume it will be published fortnightly instead of monthly as heretofore. The success of the publication; which has greatly exceeded any expectations of the publishers, has induced this step iu advance. By the arrival of the City of Launceston we have papers from Hobart Town and Launceston to 23rd Inst, from which we give extracts else where. The Bailaarat Star notifies that .a Mr JJ Sweeting has discovered a deposit of Kaolin, eighty feet In depth, about six miles from" Bai laarat. The Geelong Advertiser makes tbe fol'owing tbe subject of aomo comments on Air Hyles' conduct : — " A most undignified scene at the Police Court occurred on Monday during the hearing of a charge of robbery preferred against two . men, -Robinson: and: Reynard. .The Police Magistrate was twice interrupted fa his examination of a witness by Mr Myles. On the second occasion the- interruption was so manifest as to indaee the Police Magistrate to rise and leave the bench." ' Mr Charles Keon's appearance at Ballaarnt has been indefinitely postponed fa onaejqqence ol the eertainty of his illness detaining him so'mt eight or "tea flays fa Sydney,; " | Mormon has arrived at Chlltern for the Waggp Wsgga races. The Murray Gazette states 'that he b in excellent condition. A robbery was reported to the police yesterday as having been; committed on .Monday - last. Mr Auguste' Soma, residing at Caulfield, hod L32 in a chest of drawers in his. honse, and during the tcmporary'nhsence of.thfl'famliy'the money was taken away. A man named Robert Harper hod L22 takon' front his person on Tuesday evening , lost, -while he was on his way from Sandridge to Melbourne iu a cab. The driver of. the conveyance has ben arrestgd on suspicion, > and -was brought -before the : City Court yesterday,. but . remanded until, to-day' lit consequence .of tbe non-appearance 'of the prosecutor.'- ' . i: Bailaarat, that has hitherto been so anxious to protect: itself from the/depredations of, rata, and has' rested ,'cqnflflent in -the belief of lis immunity from the annoyance, ' bis" been dis gusted by the appearance of tbe unwelcome , stranger. The Po>t of last night says — " A I fqlMscd rut was discovered in the Court-house. Lydiard streol, to-day. Majer Wallace Imme diately got a trap baited, an-i hopes to ' bag his game' before many days are over." The second representation of tho " Night Dancers," which took place last night, found tbe ladies and gentlemen engaged in It much better prepared te render justice to Loder's delightful music than on the preceding night, The applause was geuuino and iieariy, and tho beauties of tho opera were nppareutly much enj jyed by a numerous audience. Air Birch lias added a new character to his already well-stocked entertainment in the person of that old public acquaintance " Billy Barlow." This eccentric Individual is introduced to tha audience after Mr Birch arrives at Constan tinople, and from bis quaint remarks in refcrenrs to the "matters of the day," whieh are put into a really good song, Mr Birch manages to keep his hearers convulsed with laughter. At the end of the present week Mr Birch concludes bis engagement at this house, and proceeds to Gee long and tlience to Bailaarat. The Polytechnic will then be closed, as the proprietor finds the charge of.it encroaches too much on fas other engagements. It is, however, we believe, his intention to let it for amusements of a nature similar lo those for which it has acquired bucIi a good reputation. Professor Pepper's Ghost again made its appearance last night, at the Princess's Theatre, to an audience not . by any means numerous. The illusion itself ia perfect, but lis full effect cannot be appreciated in the preiont manner of presenting it. The house being darkened the curtain rises,, and gradually increasing from a dim outline a full and clear figure is seen, whicii sings, moves, and otherwise acts as a real being, whilj it is perfectly evidentthat the object is only a shadow. Figure afterfigure ia thua shown, but no attempt worthy of mention ti made to relieve the comparative monotony of sucli presentments. At one part, there is a somewhat pointless and prolonged conversation between a victim of ennui and his servant, which lends to the Introduction of a magioian, who represents that ho has pos sessed himself by virlau9 means of people's: shadows, which for the amusement of the fast gentleman be forthwith conjures up. This, how ever, ti nearly the entire dramatic clothing with which the ghost is surrounded, and is, of course, a very poor relief. Aa, however, the illusion is far more perfect and beautiful- than In any thing of a similar kind which has yet been presented to tbe Alclbourne public, it ti well worth paying a visit to this theatre to see. The entertainment concluded with a lecture on electro-biology, with experiments by Mr Cosford, who succeeded in exciting most hearty laughter; by tho eccentrie acts of some of his " subjects. " 