RIBBON OATH. The Dublin University .lteagazineo-vhich, another magazine tolls as, has passed into the hands of Messrs. Hurst and Blnckett-hns a capital paper on "Ribbonism, its Oath and Structure," from which we extract the Ribbon oath and the pass-words as they were recently, and, perhaps, are now : In the name of the Father, Son. and Holy Ghost. Amen. I, A.B., do swear in the presence of these my brotherly members, and on the conteuls of this holy book, the cross of Christ, and the blessed Virgin Mary, and by our holy flther the Pope, that I will, by every means in my power, aid and assist the French, or any other Catholic power that is endeavoring to free us from the bonds of tyrannical slavery, and the oppression of unjust laws. That I will be ready at a moment's warn ing, sickness or death alone preventing me, to take *up the cause of an oppressed brother, knowing or believing him to be such; and that I will obey, without murmuring, all orders received from a :county delegate, parish, or body-master; and that I~ will silently abide by any decision of the jury men of my parish, either in a dispnto' with a brother, or, if It he necessary, in the destruction of life or, property, or other punishment of trans gressors. o honor, law, and justice. That I. will allow neither father, mother, sister, or brother'to come betweoon me and the carrying out of our glorious Ribbon system intoe float and Immedato execution. That I will spare elither person nor property of the bloody heretics, but more especially those wiho feed upon the tenth part of our labor. I further swear that I will never appear before judge or jury to prolecetoe o brother, knowing him to be such; and that neither torture, death, or execution shall ever make me divulge the slightest atom of the :plans e- nod 'secrets Intrusted to me, to any . magistrate, or other person, not within the pale of this our glorious institutiou, though I were to be hung ian chains'and dried in tihe sun; and that I will never write or inscribe upon any paper or parchment, or other substance or thing, any word, letter, sign, or token, by which the secrets ofour socloty could transpire or become known; that I will never admit, with my knowledge, any person' into this grand design except a Catholic, or some worthy Protestant who Is well known toestick to us, and who rega. larly 'sbscribes to the committee. I further swear that Itwill mnyself subsoribe ten-pence per quarter, if not' more,' according to my cireaum stances, to this committee-or others, towards the support of the objects of this our immortal- nstih tntion; I'furthtterswear that I:will keep a close eye upon all hypocritical Catholic magistrates, and report to my cdnty delegate, parish, or body master, their conduot at petty sessions and else. where, as may come withie my knowledge.. And I take this oath, in all its parts, without any mental reservation\ witatever, add with'a full and uwnwavering determinatint to keep the same. So help ma God. .: i" s Question.-God savo you. Answer.-And you likewise. Q'-Thli'ii ane dday. A.-:It is, but there is a better coming. ' Q.-Wbere are you going? A.-To Belfast, agra.. Q.-What to do there ? A.-To receive friendship.', Q.-TThis is a bad road?" A.-Yes, bit' it willsoon be re-' paired. Q-With-what- sort of--stones? A. With Protestant bohees. \ Q.-Do you know your letters ? A.-'Td be bone I do.' Q.- Say them. A.-A.-G.-I.- LP. (A Great -Irish MSnsacre of -Protestants). Q.-What Is your motto? A.-Oiuce it was L.E.F. (Lord Edward Fltzgcrald)5'ttoiritis' RiR.O. (Roman 'Ribbon Order). : Q--Llave 7yo.any more P : A.-I have.' Q.-Say them.;iA.--C.O.D. and M.D. (Catholic Order Divide'nd iieass'Divine). Q.-The rest. A.--B.O.P. (Blessed Order,of the Pope),: .Q. And the grand one. A.-Mi.V. (Virgin Mary). Q..Whose 'son 'are "yotiP ' A.-Gruawailo's. Q.-WVhat height are you'?P A.-As. high as Patrick's steeple.. Q.-What height is that? . A. -Higher than'St. Paul's. Q.-Then express the word. = A.-Go'on;"I tell you. " Q.-Gives the Afirstfigr of thp .ighlt hand., A.--Gives the two fist fingers ol thk left hand." ' SThe fearfnl blasphemy of these pass-words and oath appals one. Interesting details rof the ceremonies and designs. po the order will. be fouid in "th0dpaper. ,Aat.osuca EeOGuoLs.-I should; havo been inclined. to say "South Portman Mews are on the' left as you go up Orchard-street." "' But clearly thit 'Is not. the way of. speaking most. In-. telligible to a coachmen and grooms of, London, for at the ientrance of every one of theoLondon menawe.(I am using my own plural), I seeo that Sir. Richard Mlyno has posted a notice for the rego lation' of the " mews" of te metropolis. -Besides the ineongrutty of its poetic assoeiations this word " mewses' is a very queer monster. 'The follow. In?notlo shs been sent me, received 'after a tithe dinner in Devonshire:-" Mr. T. presents his com. plimentsto MIr. lI., and I have got a hat that is not his, and if he have got a hat that is not yours, so il6ubt they are the expectant ones." It would iiefy i any analysis to detect the source, of.; con fusion here. Ierlhaps "Ito" and and" his" refer to somo' third Ferson, not the Mlr: H. who is aed dressed. But I fear we must look for the cue in the notice." after a tithe dinnor."-The Dean of Canterbury in s Good 'orlds." - 