GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. THE TASMANIA will leave the Franklin Wharf for Melbourne, on Thursday, 28!li.iiiEtant, at 3 p.m. TUUATBE liovAL.—There » iil be an entertainment at the Theatre Royal, ti,it evening, for the Benefit of the Chambers' family. From the bill of fare provided an entertaining evening will no doubt be afforded to visitors. The Theatre Royal will be re-opeued on Monday week, by Mr Jefferson's Company—one of the most talented now in these colonics, consisting of Mr J. B. Creswiek, Mr W. H.SIiute, Mr Henry Chapman, Miss Emma James, Miss Emily Wiseman, Mr M. South, Mr T' lAndrows, Mr Greville, Mr Roberts, Mr Wilson, Mr Wright, Mr Hansford, Miss Leake, Miss Melville, Mi s Holmes, Miss Bellair, MisB Allen Miss Ward, and others. Several of the members of the company arrived here hy the City of Launceston on Thursday, to make prepnrations for the opening night. Mr Holmes the scenic artist, iB engaged iu painting and dtcorating the Theatre, and preparing new scenery suitable fur the pieces to lie produced. The Colleen Bawn is the first sensation drama to be produced. Miss Joey Gougeuheim will shortly appear at the Theatre Royal, and no expense or effort will ba spared to Tender the season a brilliant and successful one.—* C. Chronicle.' ? THE " CHAMBER OF DEATH."—Perhaps no public man has had the courage to send to the chamber of . \- 1 death, as it is called at the'Times' office, and ask the editor to let him have a look at his "Life." Suiuetimes, however, these "Lives" appear before the breath is out of the body,as recently occurred in the case of Lord Clyde. The ' Times' takes great care about these matters. Some years ago a report ; was brought to the office at 11 o'clock it night that ' Lord Jolm Russell was dead. Mr Walter, who goes to the office much more frequently than is supposed, happened to lie there. A consultation immediately took place with writers and.editors, and a gentleman of tact aud experience w. 6 sent off iu the middle of the nijiht to Chcsh&iuplace; to enquire into the truth or falsehood of the report. He soon discovered tliat.it arose cut of c-xaggeiated reports of a slight indisposition, which had been magnified into the death cf the uuble Lord; but short as was his absence from the office, in the interim ample means had been taken to meet the emergency—the fatal casket had been opened, the record ot a life which would form in itself no unimportant chapter iu the history of the country was displayed, aud an army of biographers, editors, and printers were prepared to raise the ghost of the departed nobleman, and fix the picture ia its frames before tlie morning light bad dawned upon the sleepers of London. When the messenger had returned, aud it was found tlmt the intelligence was ftilse, the memoir was reconsigued to its resting-place in the casket, the Chamber of Death closed, the rejected columns replaced, and the world was informed that tlie ' Times' was r< joiccd to be able to state that (lie rumour of the illness of so distinguished a nobleman wns wholly without foundation. —' Court Journal.' ? ? 