WABWICK. (FBOM A COBBE5FONDEST.) The fovwing is a copy of the requisition which fas forwarded by the electors of Warwic) to their representative, Mr. A. rwtgn^-iearfnthTEegiBUttveTisIe^nbiyT1 No answtr was received to the document : — I Warwick, October 8, 1863. io Aruiu. lveiunoic, Eoq-t maryvaie. Sib,— W the undersigned electors of the tow of Warwick do hereby re quest that -on will resign the position you at present occupy as our representative. We trust »u will appreciate the motives of delicacy wjich actuate ns in declining to enter intotny detail of the causes which have led u*o this decision, believing that the recordm the late session will suggest to your reflection an explanatien, which, if not qufe satisfactory to you, will, at least, be nffii-i^mt to justify us in our present corse of action. We are. Sir, &&, &c; [Here follw the signatures of 138 electors.] I shall lere observe that all (lie votes polled atthe last Warwick election were 150. A secoa communication, as follows, has been forjarded to Mr. Wienholt by this mail:— ? Warwick, 4th March. 1861. To A»old Weinholt, Esq., Maryvale, Sir, — living forwarded to yon some weeks aa a requisition from the electors of WarwickYequestingyou to resign, and not having ace heard from you, I hare the honor to (quest that you will, at your ear liest conviience, acknowledge the receipt of same. ' I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, Gbobgb MoKxnlay. The etafou of officers for the Warwick Hospital cue off on the 20th instant, which resulted aCollows :— W. H. Brown, Presi dent; T. BBoss, Treasurer; T. L. Boss, Hon. Secrefry . There being 19 candidates., out of arhich number 12 were to be «osen to serve as the Committee for the ensuing year the polling gn the following result : — The Ber. T. Kirsford, 27 ; Bev. Dr. Cam. 26 ; Ber. B. Gbie, 25; James Martin, 27; Thoi. McEv£, 25; T. Kiogsford, 26; S. Evenden,26f-. Meyer, 24; James Morgan, 19; D. Bugdi,16; L. E. Lester, 15; Tlios. Craig, 14. 1b above 12 gentlemen, there fore, constitw the Committee. The re maining *»tj»it~ were thus placed i — B. Boas, 12; -rjimpTOn^jUU, BaT.JNMto-. 4sro»rTn?^ouTu8uiehaT. 17 The visiting physicians apjinted are Messrs. Aidred and Margetts. Mr. Editor, we were not a little startled when the news spread through our town that the squattocrats, not content with rob- bing the people of their reserves, were mak- ing another attempt to deprive them of the chance of an independent representation for the Eastern Downs, by placing on the Elec- toral Roll a host of nomadic knights of the crook, nearly one-half of whom are Ger- mans. Every other name on the list is that of some wool-gatherer of the bush. There is one of the squattocrats, who has a sta- tion not half a hundred miles from this town ; this peonage, who has been dubbed a J.P. of late by our model partizan Go- vernment, and % 1 believe, in partnership with honest Joe* the spoiler of the Downs, is one of Ote nunstratoe we expect to see gracing the Wairick bench on the d»yof tfaeBeyiaion. fit be wiU find that end. tampering witfalW rights of the people tdT the Eastern Do wk and the town of War wick has aroused iem to a sense of their duty; and despitetis efforts the electors of the Eastern Dowi wfll be aMe to wtunj anbonest man to spiesent Oem when the ofAJOrtnninroffsrSi . -~ ? ' : tbeinliaWtentoitot mi tie TownHalltoap. pointacomnuixeeji the [purpose of objecting ion cStfaer town or i kimtry Toll * ^oe fiulow— ingetectors were c osen :— Messrs. Thomas MrEvoy,;Oleary, S iwart, DempBey.Thwa ton,aadJSleavui. roareiofonnedihatiio leH^taSWoMaaroflbjeWeJ.to. We are determined for the future to allow the name of no man to be put on the roll that has not the reqnisiteqnali6cation. There is a rumor afloat that the magis trates are determined to over-rule the objec tions. I will furnish you with the proceed- ings at the revision. It may be interesting to your readers to learn that the "young man from the coun- try" is still alive, although silent. He lately made his appearance in the Police Court, after the fashion of the ghost in Ham- let, determined if possible to curtail one of his servants of his wages. He stated that the flood, took from his premises a water truck, by which he sustained a loss of £3, which the said servant refused to pay, al- though he several times told him he should do so. But be found that things did not turn out as he anticipated, for the P.M. was away, and our "young man" was "cast," and compelled to pay the servant his wages. We expect to see a new clause introduced next session into the Masters' and Servants' Act, which will oblige servants to make good all losses sustained by masters through floods ; for anything done by the law-makers of those days is not to be wondered at We are determined to petition the Legisla- tive Assembly as soon as they meet; we are in hopes to find redress from that quarter, as we find it useless to petition minister, since they change their opinions and belie their promises beyond all endurance. Gladfield Reserve, the Agricultural Re- serve, and the Town Reserve have been locked on us, since that banquet on the llama you know of. We were promised a Supreme Court, but the pnHnise^mTto heard about it now-a-daya. The progress -*. Warwick is ?toppod on evety qnmVter. although it Is the most fertile district iu Queensland ; and a region where thousands of agriculturists could be located in inde pendent homes with their families, is now to be inhabited only by a few nomads. The people of Great Britain are invited to emigrate to Queensland, where they are pro mised land in abundance at the rate of 20s. per acre ; but when immigrants arrive at Warwick, and are informed that all the best land of this district is sold to a few squat ters, is it not natural tbat they write home to their friends, and tell them to beware of the trap which is set hero for them} Is it not natural that they represent onr rulers as a set of unprincipled men, who make acts of parliament one day and the very next day violate them to suit their con venience? Such accounts, only too well founded, will be the means of stopping many respectable men from coming to our shores. But Queensland can be populated with coolies and savages, and what boots it to our mercenary rulers that men and women and children pine with hunger at home, who could be happy in this colony, if the minis ters were men of capacity and principle ? Your correspondent of the 20th ultimo, was wrong in stating that Mr. O'Dflunell's hay took fire at ten o'clock ; the fire origi nated at one o'clock on the morning of the 20th ultimo. It remains yet a mystery how it did originate. The reason for the police not making their appearance was that two of them were on district duty, and it could not be expected that the remaining two men could be on the watch day and night. The Warwick police force has been, and is a respectable body of men. It must still be easy for you to call to mind the dismissal of constable Dempsey ; this man arrested Boguery on the premises of Mr. Halloran, P.M., for an indecent assault on two children under twelve years. Boguery, who was Halloran 's servant, was an aboriginal. After all the threats that were used towards Ompuy, ha followed np the prosecution, and Boguery was sentenced to tbroo years' hard labour. The constable was dismissed the next day for insubordination ; he had served in the force nearly seven years, and was nerer charged with any ofience previ ously. He demanded a trial, and it was re fused, contrary to the Acts of Council. His Excellency was petitioned fur a trial by the Mayor and aldermen, four Justices of the Peace, and 250 residents of this town, but the Government; as nsnal. refused to comply '«S^B^S^«^*tn?TE2B1shSS™ir sembly in Brisbane ; there the Government, not content with the first charge, add that of drunkenness. Now, if Dempsey were guilty of those offences, why deny him a trial ? It is believed if he had been granted a trial Hut the clique wonld not have come off with credit: therefore, they took timely precaution and defeated the measure by one vote; and had G. Jones then appeared at his post, as he had been requested, he would not now be a barrister minus the flattering initials of M.P. appended to his patronymic. A LOOKER ON. 