THE COAST GUARDSMAN'S TALE. ' Good evening, sir.' ' Good evening. A fine night this.' 'Yee, sir. — a oiccisli sort of niqht Pity for us we don't have more of them.' Tlie scene was on the coast of Cornwall, where I liaiJ retired a few days befure the cojn mcnccnic-nt of the long vacation, to seek a short repose from the turmoil and worry of the law ; leaving hthind me the old time-worn buildings of Lincoln** Inn, where tlic old sundial with its uuaint motto,* seldom looked at, and still scl ?iomcr heeded, is perpetually reminding as of the frail tenure by which we bold our Jives ; leaving the barristers in their gowns and vi£s, hurriedly passing from courts to consultations (or, in other words, from fee to fee) ; the law yers, in their black -press, and with their bun dles of papers under their arms ; and the office boys, with their big baps, stuffed full of— what it would be bard to enumerate — briefs, cases, opinions, and all the other multifarious parapharcnlia of tlie profession, evidently look ing upon themselves as no mean part of their . rtopectire establishments ; leaving all this bn°y scene (and only too gJad to do so), to seek a | little re*t and quiet, in about the quietest part of j England. I liad taken rooms in a little village about half a mite from the sea ; and the short walks gradually extended, the regular hours and the quietness of everything internally and ex ternally was fast bringing me round again, when the circumstance I em about to relate took place. It was a fine moonlight evening, and I stood gazing out of my window at the few strangers still passing np and down the village street, when a sudden wish came into my head to lake a walk along thecliffs by moonlight. I had often thought of doing this, wondering what sort of life the Coart guardsmen bad of it— those men. by whom every inch, of England, «o -they say, is walked round every eight, as tftey~p»ee up. and down, night lifter night, year after year; and so I resolved kt last to-put toy long-fancied scheme into exeoorjoo. I had been sauntering along for about half a mile, looking at the bine waves, reaching far, far oat into the distance, and chequered here and there by the distant sail of some fishing boat, gleaming silver in the moonlight, and at the long- golden track, reaching from far away up to the base of the cliffs — the footpath of the fairies, as I had been told long iigo— and peo jilin^it, in my fancy, with the light spirits of the air, tripping along in msny a fantastic rnnze, on the glittering surface, and calling to their sister sprites in the water below, when I was startled hy an approaching footstep, and, looking up, saw a inan close to nie, while the inviting smell from n short pipe quickly recalled me from my fancies to the sense of ordinary existence. All that I noticed of bis dress was that lie bad on arongh pilot coat, with a low hat, while a thick walking-stick funned bis only apparent weapon of offence and defence. In snort it was with him that the sentences ' first above writ ten ' -were exchanged. I scon found that my new acquaintance was one of that very body of men I -had so often pondered about ; and £o, having fallen into conversation, I walked on a bit with liiin. 'I suppose you don't have much to do now besides walking up and down, do you '?' ' Why, no, sir. There's not so much doing as there used to be, onre on a time, though I have seen some goings on in my time ? Mind where you are treading, sir !' he exclaimed. *? The cliff is not very sufe along tlie edge, and if it gave way yuu would be smashed on the rocks below, like a poor fellow I knew some time ago. God rest his soul !' ' What of him ?' I said. ' Did any one fall over here i' f Why, no, sir. He didn't exactly fall over, pud it vnsn't over this cliff, neither, but the one we shall come Jo next My beat enas there, and as I am a bit before my time, I expect my mate won't be'up for ten minutes or so ; and, if you like to bear the tale, thoogh it's not so much after all, I will tell yon on the spot where -t all happened. Indeed, to say the truth, I (shall be very glad of your company for its a whisht spot, snd, often as I have waited there, I am always {dad to turn my back on it again.' We soon readied the bay by the. light of the moon. After looking along the -*!?-*_ to see if there were any signs of his companion, and, not finding any, ie eat Jowa on a stone, and -I v , Ij^led a^c|^, ata, ^Ioiik ray jplaoe 'bonfle; _ ' It is not many years idnee, sir, eight or nine, maybe, when a young gentleman came down here, as it might be you, to speed a month or so — our town being a noiet sort of place, Ukc. He wasn't a bad-looking sort of fallow, and bad small and -white hands. Indeed, most people would bare called him handsome, though there was always a kind of look about his month I didn't like to see. Be was staying up ai. the Miners' Arms, And there soon got ' tales about the town, of tbe- way in which be snd two or three other wild young fellows about here, us there are everywhere, used to go on ; the sitting np at nighls, the drinking and card play inp, and the wild freaks they used to be at. But as he always had plenty of money, and paid bis bill every week (it was by his own wish), Polraarlben, the landlord, 'sir, never cared to say anything to him. He was a close roan, was l'olniarthcrj, and no doubt he made plenty of money cot -f bis customer ; but it would have been be tei for him if he had never let Mr. Hendon under his roof. His daughter, .pretty Katt Folmarthen, as she -was always called, was tbe prettiest girl for miles about {I see you guc ss what's coming), and many was the glass that 1 ad been emptied In lier honour, and many a y oung man would have given much to b ve ssood -well in her good graces ; but, though she was a bit of a flirt, there was none that had erer lound favour in her eyes but Ualph Tregarva —a likely young fellow as ever was seen. Folks pf.en wondered how it was that old Polmarthen ever allowed his daughter to engage herself (p young Tregarva, who was only a fisherman ; but though the old man loved money much, he loved his daughter More ; and though I hear there was some trouble about it, yet, in the end, he gave way to her in this. It was not, however, long after Mr. Station came down here, that a change seemed, to , .come over poor Kate. She would sit silent for hours, and if Ralph came to fry and cheer her up, she would speak sharply and harshly to liim, and then sometimes burst into a flood of tears, and beg his pardon, and kiss him, and fell that he was the dearest and best of men, and ' that she was Dot worthy of him. I was a great friend of his, and I gathered most of this from him at the time, poor fellow. I was sitting in my cottage one day towards tbe evening, thinking it would soon be time to be going ofl on my beat, when young Tregarva burn in, with a face as white as a sheet, and scarcely able to «taod. . ' ' What's the matter, man t' sail I. ' Have yon iseeaii 'ghost?!' ' , ''??- ? Bat ie staggered to a cinur, and. fell rather than aat down on .it, holding l-ii face between hi» banns, while the big *6bs that burst 'from'; him seemea to sualce Sim irom head ^ to foot; though not a tear 'fell through his fingers. . I stood by him for some little time, but beseemed . to grow worse instead of better, and at last I laid my hand on his shoulder. ' Come, Ralph be a man ; what Is all this about?' ' He turned on me like a tiger. 'Leave me alone, curse yon. So yon, too, mock at me?' : ? And with one spring lie was past me, and out fit the door like a madman. I followed in baste, greatly alarmed, as you may suppose, but could see nothing of Mm. Tberewassmist rising, Bud any one would have been invisible at 9 moderate distance ; and it was with deep fore bodings that I went my rounds that night. Wnpn I returned to my cottage I noticed » smaH, piece of paper lying on the floor. It ex plained all. It was a. letter from Hendon to ¥*te, eridenUy written in a hurry, and was all ' crumpled np as though it had been clinched in the fingers. No ^doubt it had dropped torn Ealph'a hana, though how he got it I do not know. It left no room for donbt He nrged her to fly from the rfBage be-, fore her condition became known, and promised that tie would provide for her. Boon after, I heard more. That saaje erenine Ipite Pohnartbeu had.disappeued. That morn ing her bedroom had been found empty, -and. she was gone. WhatBUrprfcea ottfen, though not me, was, that her father made no Beardi after her, — for he made' none. He knew only too well why she had gone. ' Hendon was sUll in tbe TUlagfe ia ordte, l-mpnose, to flivwt all attention from himself, as he was not aware that tbe note had been found, S&klisnd; leach keep ing mr own counsel. What need topttbhsh ttp oqnainty of her shame ! Welieaza uotMng g{ Sslph tor three days, when he retained and wmt about las work just as csuaVbut re senting freely any nicntion of ' tferlpastr** His manner, too, .was. quite changed. .. Oh ! so haggard and -wild he looked, and with a dodged kind of sullcnness in place of his former light-hearted guietj. Even to me he -never Bjiokenow, and one or. two attempts. 'X made to draw liim out into conversation were met with such bursts of rage that I was obliged to leave Mm to himself. And now I must come 'to the most painful part of my {tale. - You see that the bay below is doeed |n lit higU-tidc, and the sand geU quifce-covere3. It tvus liigh water about half- past c-lexen on tbe'September evening, when I w»s on my beat, and, a bright night, jest like this. I was walking .along tlie lop of tbe cliff, just where we are now, when I thought I heard a voice down below, on the beach, which was nearly under water. Sur prised at this, 1 looked over, and I saw that there was a figure there, and that lie was rush ing about, and shouting np. I could recognise tbe voice of Hendun, aud caUV-d out, — ' Hollos, there !' 'Help, help,' he cried. 'I am cut off by the tide. I can't swim. Send a boat. For God's- sake, be'p me.' So it was. Sauntering along, he bad, T sup pose, waited there, and found himself cut off by the rising tide, which would have been the case an hour and a half before I saw him, so that he must have waited at least that time with the water gradually rising higher and higher. But what was to be done? Trae, I had a rope, and instinctively. I had taken it out, but it was only a short one, abont a dozen yards long. I always carry 8 bit about with* me. It often comes in ustful ; but what good was it now? I could not descend (he cliff, and if I left my beat and went for' assistance, he would be drowned long before I could return. Even while. I hesitated, I heard a step, behind me, and ^?i can^ Sown ihat'aBi'iBaia %^n'the measured, jdogged tone he had nseJ-eince tfam, though, there seemed to be tin expression 'of savage exultation in his tone that night that made me shudder. 'I will go. Give me that rope?' 'Good God!' I exclaimed, 'it is certain death.' While I Bpoke, however, he had snatched the rope out of my bands, let himself over the edge of the cliff, and was going down, bandunder hand, clntcbing at every little bush and every tuft of grass. My bead swain watching him. One slip, and lie would have fallen, literally smashed on tbe rooks below ; but he seemed to bear a charmed life, for still I could see him going down, fnriher and forther, crawling like a. lizanl, till lie was only some eight or Bine yards from the bottom. There he stopped. There is a flat ledge of rock there, and he lay down on it. It was a still night, and I could hear him, as plainly as I could you, air. ' Mr. JTeudon,' he culled out. ' Ob, thank God, } ou arc come at last,' I beard Mr. Hendon answer. ' Here I am. How can I reach you?'. ' I have a rope -with me ; if I throw it to you, can you get up here ?' 'Ties, yes; be quick, be quick. The tide his risen up to my knees, and X am half-dead with cold. ' Jnst so/' was the strange answer of Tre garva^ ' Quick, quick, do not trifle with me ; Islial! drown.' 'You will not drown for half an hour yet, Mr. HendoD,' replied Tregarva, with a laugh. But sack a. laugh '. It sounded like the laugh ter of a tieud. ,. = . ' Oil, for mercy 's sake, be quick f * ' Mercy,' echoed Trcgarva. ' Such as yon have shown shall be shown to you. Where is Eate Polmarthen?' ' I do not know. I do not, indeed. Quick, the water is over my kness.' 'liar,' returned Ralph, heedless of his agonising entreaties. 'I have ventured my life to come here. Did you think it was to save you J. . No'.; it was .to: secure my revenge. Never shall you enme .up here ; alive, listen to me. When J beard of her 'flight, I -was among tbe first to visit her bouse. Her father found a letter from you, telling her where to go, and that yon would meet her. :'She bal dropped it in her ' tmrried .departure. , But never shall you ineet her in this world. Xkxcl ?ie&ncet; l joor last Ijoar i& *c«ne.»5. fcaAre.-int. »nd were each »f thejri^enhFiaea Vith yoarpwn, Ivould givenpoll.siltojunishyou.' ,'-;?.,. Again tJieEcjeamaroEe— 'Mercy I Jneicy I? ' Mercy,' -*&ub; echoed . Tregarva. '',' Such mercy as the lion shows to his prey, soch shall you have Ton shall die, wretch ; die in your sins ; -and, as the .water mounts higher axd higher, think of her whose body and tool job have murdered ; think of me, whose peace of mind you, in your wantonness have utterly wrecked, and then ask for mercy. Never.' Oh, that I could forget the fearful scene that followed. The wretched Hendon, as tbe water mounted higher snd higher, while each wave almost tore him away from his frail hold on the projections of tlie rock, clung to the diS, shrieking out mingled prayers and blasphemies in his agony, while the relentless wares came dashing in, rearing up, with a hoarse boom, against the rocks, while above all, rose the frantic yells of Trrgarva, as he exulted in his terrors and bis sufferings like a wild beast over his victim. The crisis arrived. One mountain ous wave came rolling Id, and white his .death shriek Etill rings in my ears, Hendon was torn away from hi; bold. His white face appeared gleaming amongst the spray for one moment, the next he was 'dssbed with fearful farce against the rocks, and the next a bleeding and shattered body was bornj out to sea. Ralph was reascending the clifl, when, losing liis scanty, foot-hold, he dipped away. For one moment be bung suspended from the shrub he was bold- - ing, and then, as the roots gave way under his weight, be fell — down into the same tomb to which he had consigned his victim. His body was never found. That of Hendon was recovered next day and an inquest held. I was the prin cipal witness, and a verdict of wilful murder was returned against Tregarva- I have little more to tell. Poor Kate snd ber hate lie side by side in the churchyard. And now, sir, can you wonder that I don't much like being here all alone ? But I see my mate is coming just in time, so I will bid yon good night, str. 'Good night.' And I returned to my lodgings, a. sadder and more thoughtful, if not a wiser man. ' C. O. Welbt. ' 