IISCELLANEOU S. mid tlie Wilncss. ' Soirc timo after, I was taken by my friend to the Fonr Courts, and on entering that forensic buildin' I heard the tons of a magnificent voice addressing the jury.' ' Who is thatspeaker?; said I ' It is fiur leading counsel,' replied my friend, ' the great Daniel O'Connclh* Wc entered. Tho presidium judge was the facetious Lord Norbury, * , ot thnfc mnmnnfc was , ana tnc puiuuuiai ? between two builders. The plaintiff s name was Maguir?, the defendant's cognomen being Macar thy Daniel was an advocate for defendant, and when we entered he was pleading the cause of his cliont most eloquently. Tho plaintiff sued for ilamagcs from defendant because be, Maguue, fancied Macarthy bad encroached on his land' Thoy were simultaneously erecting two dwellings adjoining each other. Daniel, addressing his lordship, said, 4 Is it not a melancholy sight, my lord, to behold these two men, who at tho be ginning of manhood life were staunch friends ? They are, my lord, and gentleman of tho jury, tbe architects of their own fortunes, but tho cursa of riches severs early friendship. Many a bright morning have tlioso two men mot on Carlisle- bridge, and enjoyed together their humble breakfasts, consisting of potatoes find buttermilk, and on parting shook the hand of brotherhood, and bado each otlicJ good-bye ; but Mammon obliterates the reminberancu of early days of friendship. Now, my lord,' said Daniel, ' I will csk the plaintiff a question, and I expect n direct and positive anwser. Is it true, Mr. Maguire, that iustcad of enjoying your potatoes and buttermilk you arenow become so elegant a man that yon drink crrnm in your tea ? ' The plaintiff looked daggers at the counsel, and muttered an indistinct answer between his teeth. ' 1 My lord, and gentleman of the jury,' said the learned counsel, ' this may appear to you a frivolous question, but it's important to my client that I should get a distinct reply.' ' ' Put tho question again, my learned, bro ther,' said his lordship. ' Ho did so, hut with the same result ; upon wliich his lordship, addressing the plaintiff, said, ' Unless you give a distinct, and audible answer to the question, I shall commit you to prison for contempt of court. Repeat ttic question, my learned brother.' ' ' Is it true,' aaid the great Daniel to tho plain tiff — ' I ask you for tho third and last time — that you are to become so elegant a gentleman that you drink crcam in your tea — is it so, sir V ' ' Ax my eye, Mr. O'Connell,' roared out plaintiff; ? did ye hear me that time ? I told you twice before.' ' His lordship and tho court wero convulscd j with laughter.' ' How does your newly-purchased horse answer,' said the late Duke of Cumberland to George Selwyn. ' I really don't know,' replied George, ' for I never asked him a question.' ' I wonder whoro those clouds are going ?' sighed Flora, pensive, as she pointed with her thin, delicate finger to the heavy funereal masses that floated lazily in the sky. '1 think they are going to thunder !' said her brother. Not for Ever. — ;During a marriage ceremony the brido was sobbing immoderately while the knot was being tied. ' What is tho matter, my young woman ?' asked the ofiio'al. *' Oh, air I' replied the bride, ' it's because it's for ever.' ' No, no,' replied the parson, ' that's a mistake — a great mistake ; it's not for ever ; death puts an end to the engagement.' On hearing this, tho bride diied her tears, and was corsoled. A gentleman on a tcur, attended by an Irish servant, who drove the vehicles, was several times puzzled by the appearance of the entry in the man's accounts of ' Refreshments for the horse, 2d.' At length he asked Dennis about it. ' Oh, sure,' sai l he, ' it's whipcord, it is 1' A Tall Max. — A London paper says r—' A few mornings ago a man of gentleman- like ap pearance, at least 8i feet high, stcut, and well proportioned, waked along Fleet-street and the Strand, in company with another gentleman, who, though a tall mau, looked like a pigmy be side his friend. Hundreds of men and boys fol lowed tho tall gentleman along his route, who appeared to bo completely undisturbed by the eagerness with which lie was stared at and com mented upon, aud chatted calmly with his friend as he passed adong the public thoroughfares. Extraordinary Peculiarity. — The Paris correspondent of a contemporary asserts that he has just read a curious and authentic acconnt of the dismissal from the French army, as 'unfitted for service,' of a man who had ' panophobia.' This extraordinary youth could not swallow bread or indeed any farinaceous food, which if forcibly or secretly administered, produced the effect of poison. He lived on rations of moat and potatoes hnf tlift ilnrfpra Hpptlfirnd lift was ' nfflip.tfMi with an involuntary intolerance of the organs incompatible with military service,' and so he got his discharge. Tiie Biter Bittex. — The following story is in circulation, the scene being laid somewhere in Hertfordshire, the date recent. A A paid a sum of money exceeding £2 to B, who gave a receipt, to which, however, he neglected to affix a stamp A according informed against B, who was fined £20, and half the penalty being due to to the in former A, the officials of the Inland Revenue sent him a cheque for £10. A at once sat down to write a polite acknowledgement, and a receipt, but lie was so overcome with delight that he for got the inevitable stamp. A was fined £25 for omitting to stamp his receipt, and so lost £15 by his sharpness. — Hertford Mercunj. Drawing it Strong. — A block of houses was recently burned in San Franoisco, and tho reporter relates the circumstance in a loag column of matter. As a specimen of pcnny-a-lining wo give the following : — ' Fierce tongues of flame reached out and licked the front of the block on Davis-Etreet, as an anaconda licks a kid before swallowii'g it, or us a tiger mouths a man. Tho conflagration shone out against the dark back ground like the kindling of a thousand battle lights. Far out on the bay it cast its glare, show ing tho mast of the shipping at wharf and at an chor, standing like tapers ready_ to be lit, and throwing a reflection on the slanting sides of the hills which made them look like sheeted ghosts trembling in the dawn of a red dies iroe. Whales and the Phosphorescence of the Sea.— The whale was not pursued by tho ancients, 500 years ago whioh abounded in every sea- The great demand for oil and whalebone of late years, liowover has caused such destruction of whales that they are disappearing from nume rous parts of the ocean. They wero once numerous in the Mediterranean, but are so no longer. They live on soft gelatinous molluscs, in which the sea abounds, which must have in creased enormously, owing to the destruction of whales. It ts to the increase of these small_ or oanisms that the phosphorescence of tha Mediter ranean Sea is attributed.— American Vaper-. How to Derstoy Corn AVeevils— The Courier de la Drome gives an account of a new method of destroying weevils, all the plans hitherto adopted for that purpose having failed. The calculation is that in Franco one-tenth of the crops of corn is destroyed by those insects, the mischief being caused by them not when thoy havo attained men- iuu do not eat tho grain— but when in a stato of larvro. The new destructive process consists in attracting the females to deposit their eggs in the same «pot, instead of on the grains of corn ; and a sort of hive of tho eggs is so formed, which can he destroyed at pleasure with all tho Iarvte they contain. The modo of proceeding cousists in placing at, certaiD distances in the corn-loft pieces of fermented dough, having a semi-sperical form and partly hollow. In tho course of a few hours the pieces may be removed, when thoy will be fouud literally covered with tbe insects; aid if tho dough be examined with a microscope, a vast number of eggs will bo socu on them. 1' ive sous' worth of this paste will suffice to destroy all tho larvto in u place containing 110 quintols (224J lbs. each) of corn. At Louisville, in Kontuchy, tl.tro is an Bn„^, f tobacco show, at which prizes are given for ,1, best specimen of manufscturing-leaf, ship,' ' leaf, cutting- leaf, cignr-leaf, &c;„ and one of 1 pri7.es this year was a coffee and tea set of p!n liver ware for the lady in whoso name is enw tho b03t hogshead of leaf- tobacco. Noi so Bad as he Seemed.- pnui ucd[ j in his Recollections and Wanderings, Civc u . following anecdote On the n-.ornfng nf(P arrival in the beauteous city, I was with ,? f d crossing Carlisle-bridge; we h.alted-mv fr rJ pointing out to me that splendid street of S 1 ; vile, and ou turning to tho right, lookini? t™, X the beautiful Custom Housebuilding, we observe n crowd of both see, lamenting °ft™ brother ; he was a six-foot coal porte- ? n fi specimen of the human family ; nnd nt that m°t I imbibed the fir.»t flash of the wit and huB I displayed by tbe children of Erin, Women Z ' crying over his prostrate form, nnd sayinu ' Su, we'll never hear the dear Mick sing' Malonc any more.' At that moment up another of the craft, crying out, «? S'blood, wW / the matter ? ' Ob, sure— oh sure,' said tha f woman, tho poor boy Mick's dead.' Tlienel : arrived one went on his knees, and then, taki J : hold of Micls s nosd nnd chin, expand)™ tu aperture, nnd sniffing to catch nn ordour tbj i from, he sung out, ' And is it dead, you mcin? Oh, sure, if my poor Mick's dead, Pd lib l0 i : troubled with half his complaint.' Mick ' brimful of whisloy; WASinNOTO n InvirioV Death — Qri m veuiber tl.o 28th, 1859, on 'retiring for tho mlh at half-prst ten, his niece, Sarah, who alwan too.c chaige of his medicines, went into life 'rMla »°vuPnC° ,tliem '3 «3twl mtliiu toy reach. ; Well ho exclaimed, ' I must arraneft my pi! ows for another weary right 1' And then u if half to himself, ' If this could only end!' or ' When will this end ?' she coilld not till which; for nt thdt instant, ho- gave a alight exclamation ns if of paiti; pressing his hand od his left side, repeated the exclamation nnd the pressure, caught at the footbo'afd of tlio bed and nnd fell backward to tho floor. Tbo sound of his fall and the screams of Surah brought the whole family i/i an instant to his room. I raised his head in my arm Every means wero resorted to, to recall animation and continued, until a physioian— Dr Corruthen,. from a distance of two miles— arrived, who pre-' nounced life entirely distinct. He had passed away instantaneously. Tho end for wliich he had just been — the end which to him had no terrors — had come. His doj nrture was sudden, bat u he was willing it should be. In tlie fulnesi t! \ years, with Unclouded intellect, crowned with ti £ warmest affections of his countrymen, and wit's an assured hope pf a happy immort.ib'ty, he had gone. down, according to his own pathetic aspira tion, ' with all sail set.' Who that loved him wouidjliavo wished to recall him 1—Ircings Life, bg his Nephew. A First Appearance— \ow o.ime tho event ful moment. ' Clear the stago' was shouted by tho manager, aud at last tho curtain was up. All this time, from tho minute I left the dressing room, and while the ladies aud gentlemen of the company strutted about in the costume approb ate to their part, I hegau to experience agromnj queerness and felt the coming on of awful sensi tion wh:ch I had so oftou ridiculed in others known to the initiated as ' stage flights.' As tlie first brief scene went on, and 'Francisco' spoke about the weather, !cc., the feeling increased; and when I pushed into my place to be ' discovered ' along with tho 'Queen' and court I felt much inclined to run away and leave historic greatness to 1)0 achieved by ethers who had more nerve. But thero they all were — escape impossible ; beside? I question if the state of my knees would hare permitted my legs- to have performed their func tions. Wfien the stony ramparts of Elsineur drew asunder, and the audicnce beheld [ ' Scene II.' ' A room of State in the j. Castle,' thero was a welooininj v round of »pplause in honor of the new ' Hamlet,' who all the time was standing as if in instant ex- ; pectatioii of being hanged. The state of ray ; feelings during these brief minutescannit bedes- ? oriDeu; l leu unutterably neipless. Atltnecom- i bined evils that ever woro heaped on the devoted / head of any poor human being could, I thought,- j be nothing to what I suffered at the moment r when it came to my turn to speak. I was letter- ! ; perfect in tho part of ' Hamlet,' and had ft* ; quently gallopod 'over every word of it from be- ; ginning to end ; indeed, I know the whole trugcii; by hoart — every sentence was coursing vivity ;y . before me, but I was suddenly struck dumb iJ could make no utterance. Cold ilrops of S)a- ran dowu my back, my head felt on fire, myineii were decidedly unoasy, my eyes grew gla&sy;, tts sea of human heads before me seemed converted - into one petrified fuco — and oh 1 how terrifelj hard it looked at mo — seeming to read my verf soul. I tried to shut my eyes, but the giganti: , '( head with hundreds of penetrating eyes; itijl [ i glared on mo ? at ono moment it seemed as if it ; G ;« would melt with compassion, and then ifbecan# f ? fixed with an icy contemptuous smile that eeenea ' 1 to refuse all smypathy, and mock tft me. Th nt new feeling camo over me, I felt as if all tiist r was taking place was no contferri of mine — nothioi ?' to me individually I did not understand it. ' ; was in a region of unconciousness — far away u ; dreamland — and ray liind vtaa blank; I did®1 ; even tbink — I had become a statue immoreabli % but with just tho breath of lifo in me. In' ; moment again I woko np — I tried to concentra!' g ^ my thoghts my eyes brightened and I gaxed i»' ; the audience ; tried to look nnusually mild, phi!0* sophic, and intellectual. I succeeded to extent in this, as I fancied : bnt, as I ha ya w# been told I only attained the drunkard-like p®' tion of looking nnutterably foolish. Again f again my cue was given but I heeded it 'J1, Answer he mado none — no sound issued from U deep chest of the ' inky Dane.' He w»s l) silent. My lips moved, but my voice was fr® I t'eit choked up; my legs quiw' and quavered, aud silently dlanced ' quick shaky kind of movement.. Tm prompter cried out the beginning of myf1 . several times. ' A little more' ? but my o'j reply was a hopeless, helpless stare. I looked* looked, and better looked at the audience-- ?? the fact was — all my momory had fled. 1 ' what I had to say but could not speak it. ; audience began to get impatient aud hiss. Al p once a thought of home came vividly across j. and glancing at my sombre dress I said to mji- r . as I thought, ' What would my mother 83j ^ she saw mo making suoh an infernal fool i self?' I shall never forgot the roar tlmt | r, place, for iuutead of merely thinking ^c50,ff0M.j ; f had spoken therti — they unwittingly fouHd v ? expression — and the aitdiencc shouted witb ex : ment, The company, losing all sense of. pwp first littered and (hen joined heartily , j general roar; and I, looking fifst ono way ' ~ then another, bolted off the stage h»f ' , ' rather shaky legs would allow mo, amid a ro ^ ^ shout from the whole of the audibnee. ? p- ? ended my first appoaranco on any stage. , ^ of Real Life as seen in the Theatrical iVotl c, . in Bohemia . r Printed and Published by T^uoma's Qabb | p. . - the Proprietors, Thomas CiAaiiETTiui ^ , Oahtbbu,, at ' Tkb Ii-LAvr Altai MbmOhV (1 Letter Prosn Printing Office, oorHor of tn «i|uavo, Wort gone, Ulnwsrii', o° . Xoveiubar 4 BUI,; 