THB ANT PIÍAQPE^PFJ-INDIA. (From tho. Maâraa Athenäum.) o THE Governor of St. Helena;'When he begged tb a reoipe to prevent the ravages'of whi'e ants, cai scarcely, have expected ttfat the. simple reques woulo\; call into existences so ^ mach invenlivt genius, so many curious remedi a, and so nuraer otis a bro : d of contrivers? Yeti as far aa we ar*, able tb judgo.'tbere does'nbt appear to have boet found one specific' tba' will ¡perform what thi Governor wants-the destruction of the ant's. ' Ii the hóles be plugged up with vegetable wax^ »nc a sharp, lppk-o.utf,ba' Ikept for .intrusions e in an un waxed locality, itf seems only natural that th« white ants, which' are not 'destroyed or injured! sh juld tunnel in another ^direction,, and invade, wi h tenfold vigour, tlié, neighbouring premises, in tho same way nith the' othor, schemes. Al] they amount to is, that, with great vigi'anoe, plenty of wax, petroleum, or other medicament, an easy opportunity of examining* every. portion of floor, roof, ' or boam (how seldom is " this the; eise), and abundance of lime to: apply »he reinedy, some particular1 building may by largely preserved from injury by !'lhe ants. We very much question, ,:whe'ber_a much' aimplei remedy, one known to every housewife, vis., thal of pouring boiling water down the bede, is noi infinitely superior to any of the schemes yet pre SSh^Ju to kbExceliCiity ç! oú SélSSS: rYi*KWee; with this, will succeed ; but who can be so vigi- lant as to detect every outbreak,pr,prevent the white pests from performing their fWouri'é; trick of eating away.thc inside boam or joier, before tbè slightest pundura is made- through the polished but'fl ¡rn sy shell which alone remains, Wegrea.ly fear that the St.. Helenese wjll have to snff-r yet longer the evil.that has well nigh . worn qut. oiir pa'ience. ." . v¡ . . . i J Have the ingenious experimenters, who are so sharp at' cirou-nventing the white', ants', ever thought of wa'obing the,,.operations of :ä colony.? Did they ever notice tba', it frequently happens that a building that has been infested with white ants becomes suddenly free'1 from,them? 'Have they never broken' intp'the earthen archway made by the persevering masons, and discovered that no masons appear to remain ? The habitation is perfect'; arch, house, store, all remain a's'w-en tho clumsy-looking nrehitec's bus led through/ thom ¡; but'noi en individiiat is left to tell.the taja of maBsaore and, dea'h, .Have, they ever wondered how it is 'hat we ' are not over- run with white ants to a degree far ex ce eding the plague of the Atlant e iblet ? Whether they bad or not, others hare had I he patience to examine into the hab t¡>, the vic ories, end'defeats of the devouring race ; and most in'eresting is the result cf their injuries." "Our readers know very, well that there are many species .of the ant. There is facile princeps, the while ant (we shall eschew learned terms," which'1 could ' only obBcuFe our remarks), with.its c'umsy pasty-looking body, not so small at the waist proportionately as half the belles of these of former days.- Upon his nose is a blaok spot, marking- the whereabouts of those formidable pincers n hiob.gnaw through the hardest wood,', aiid make nothing of brick and chunam. Then there is the great'.blaok ant,: surely* the' ugliest benet ever teen, witb nothing to relieve his homeliness (as our Yankee, friends say) but a steady good., temptr, which never.allows him to bite the most delicate member of the human family. "How he ' scunners about, -reminding ooe of the individuals who. are always hurry- ing a'ter some,' to., them, certain priz», and always remaining- empty. Who ever saw a large black ant catch -anything except it were a grain of sogar out of a basia, left uncovered by some careless servant ? Thsn there i.s the Bmall black ant, also a very, active. individual, but seemingly a 'most' uncompanionable creature, for ho is never seen jogging in, company with ' a' friend or broiher. Las!ly, and most impor'ant for our purpose,'is the malicious red1 ant,,-never better pleased' thato when griping with1'all his , force at some u'nfottunato leg .'or, arm. Ho is a moat, ftrocioús beast-tho Bengal ,tiger . of ¡the lower creation, i That little-.pins bead of;a cranium is all meuth and opens and- shuts like a pair of scissors of the kind used ' by hedge co tterSj with solemn .'looking1 blades "' of.substantial1' width, and thickneEsat the back, ft They may be seen any day marching in battalions across the^floor or up the wall, each 'one. following close after his leader's tail, and smelling his way on. ':' If. the .creatures have ejes ot: all, they., very seldom nse them,, for tbey will pass within the sixteenth1 of an inch of à delicate morsel jarid take. no ^ notice of "it.. ' ' .... 7r".'"r.. r.'v-..l,,,"-'q .?(.'" . Those little red-headed, black taitad inseo'a tied together with' the ' slenderest red' necks or' bodies (which is it ?); are Jthe salvation 'of India and Indians from ',. a white ant, tyranny. . The wor d doa* not present-a more uneqnat contest, aa far ai the aiza of the combatants ia concerned, «here the tiny morsel of an assailant attacks ao bravely, fights so skilfully, and conquers so readily,, than when the little red ant meets a white one. Those tn search of excitement we osn recommend tu watch sn attack upon' a white ant community. Suppose for instanoe,. tba destroyers, have taken possession of a piece of wood lying upon the ground ; an ac'ive young red io his tra reis happens td discover it, and falls foul of a white.' With the ferocious agility of a tiger he immediately,opens his jaws and throws himself upon the enemy-a little row-boat boarding a three-decker.' ? His favourite device is to drop upon the*rwhite~ just behind the.head,'seize him in' thé belly.lhrow his tail over the enemy's back out of the. way of the white's, jaws, and then bite at the vi'als - without possibility of defeat. But the ' white is a Bturdy foe. Immediately he feels the thrust bf the. red's jaws,he nf nally makes a conclusive ,leap, some- times to a considerable distance, and then rolls over and over, ' intending tp' crush his, assailant or make . him relaxr hu hold. Very seldom does the,rufe succeed, for no leech ever alinga tigb'er than a red ant. .- After a abort struggle a fit of trembling proves' that the white is becoming exhausted. ' In a little whi e more be falls over on his back,' violently working his legs and. antennas. A few.more struggles a-d tremb- lings and the fight is' over,-when the red marches off,! victoriously, pushing' his gigantic fal'en foe before him. till he enters in triumph the gates of his own habitation. Ofiea, however, it happens that the dead Goliath is too heavy for the puny David to carry off. bot to be disappointed of his booty, be calls tö his assistance a brother red. They proceed, in the. mast business-like manner, to bite off,the head, and anatomise the body of the white, 'till it is divided into portions easy pf con- veyance, when each walks off with a piece. We should j have mentioned that the .first red who discovers the prize hastens back to the rest, pub- lishes his tidings, and presently coimes forth again the leader of a myriad, and it is'the exploits of an individual of the myriad that ws have been des- cribing. . The reds are, however, sometimes deteatea, tor, if by accident, when they come neara white, 'hey happen to be athwart bit nose, tho white brings donn his pair of shears snd nips tSe red across the loins.' in suoha case there is no hope for the red. After a decent amount of struggling the red'aliows himself - to be cut in two and gives up the ghost, permitting the victor to make , a show of the disjecta nienibra. It is,' however, quite touching to see the evident fear of the whites during the attack. / If out of their hole they ran from ;side to side in the utmost trepidation. Foes are on every band, and they know'it. Usu illy, however, at the first'alarm they rush, to .their holes- ThV Hector and ,Achilles , of their.number station them- selves at the eB tran ce, with stretched, out necks', bearing at their extremities ibayonet-looliing pincers and bristling antémue. With .nothing but ¡ bayonets, and bristles ," outside. of the opening, they wait for the foe.: Presently when.a red appears, the neck is suddenly outstretched still more, and the rattling of the' bayonets among the legs of the red bid him decamp. If,, [unfor- tunately, the head shou'd be outside, not all the bravery of the white Achilles can save him. But we have never seen a narrow well-defended hole captured by a red forlorn hope. We nave omitted many interesting details for want of space, or we could have told of the self- evident ela'ion of the red?,j of their different modes of Warfare, of the en- gineering Bkill pf the whites and their untiring perseverance. One thing is certain, vi*., that to the red ants we are more or less indebted- for our comparative freedon from thèir. white brethren. If we could send a few red Queens to St. Helena we should provide no nligbt assistance for tha^'''"" tiuotWi of the ant p'agae. *~m~ | r._:_--. 