"GHOST GLEN." "SHUT your ears, Stranger, or turn from Ghost Glen, now, For the paths are grown over ; untrodden by men now ; Shut your ears, Stranger," saith the grey mother, croon- ing Her sorcery Runic, when sets the half-moon in ! Tonight the North-Easter goes travelling slowly, But it never stoops down to that Hollow unholy ! To-night it rolls loud on the ridges red-litten, But it cannot abide, in that Forest sin-smitten ! For over the pitfall the moondew is thawing, And, with never a body, two Shadows stand sawing ! The wraiths of two step sawyers (under and under) Who did a foul murder, and were blackened with thunder ! Whenever the Storm wind comes driven and driving, Through the blood-spattered timber you may see the Saw striving, You may see the Saw heaving, and falling, and heaving, Whenever the Sea-creek is chafing and grieving ! And across a burnt body, as black as an adder, Sits the sprite of a sheep-dog ! Was ever sight sadder ? For as the dry thunder splits louder and faster, This sprite of a sheep-dog howls for its master ! "Oh ! count your beads deftly," saith the grey mother, crooning Her sorcery Runic, when sets the half-moon in ! And well may she mutter, for the dark hollow laughter You will hear in the saw-pits, and the bloody logs after ! Ay, count your beads deftly, and keep your ways wary, For the sake of the Saviour, and sweet Mother Mary ! Pray for your peace in those perilous places, And pray for the laying of horrible faces ! One starts, with a forehead wrinkled and livid, Aghast at the lightnings sudden and vivid ! One telleth with curses the gold that they drew there, (Ah! cross your breast humbly), from him whom they slew there ! The Stranger who came from the loved,—the romantic Island that sleeps on tho moaning Atlantic ; Leaving behind him patient homes yearning For the steps in the distance, never returning; Who was left in the Forest, (so men have said darkly,) Burnt by his slayers—shrunken and starkly ; With the half-crazy sheep-dog, who cowered beside there, And yelled at the silence, and marvelled, and died there ! Yea ! cross your breast humbly, and hold your breath tightly ; Or fly for your life from those shadows unsightly ! From the set staring features (cold, and so young, too) ! And the death on the lips that a mother hath clung to. I tell you, the bushman is braver than most men, Who even in daylight doth go through the ghost glen ! Although in that Hollow, unholy and lonely, He sees the dank saw-pits, and bloody logs only ! May, 1864. HENRY KENDALL. 