WHAT NEXT? Ie there is any person now who imagines that the present Ministry haveelther the ability or disponi. tion to benefit the country, we pity his credulity. The (act cannot be too generally known that the gentlemen in ofileo have nly one object to which all others will be subordinated, and that ia to pro long their tenure of place and pay. Perhaps it wos necessary that they should be permitted to attempt the government of the colony, to exhibit their ignorance and incompetency. just as it were necrs sary members of Parliament should be returned without proper qualfications for the dischargo of the trust reposed in them The coloniats suffer itt tito proness whtilo empirita are making experiments on tito body politic, anti if thtey pittelt and cruslt and lacerte io a lttle, perhaps the patin will bring them to their senses. In that brutal encounter whilh lately took place in England the backer of King kit his nar to bring him to a statoe of conselousness t and the if byte Ministry are just playing the part of the "judiciousbottle~holder." Whiletheynanhumbug the public their salaries will bh safe, and the car rion swarm tlitt surrounds them will have the necessary quantity of ofial provided at the expense of the Treasury. Commend us to a "popular' man for mischief and unscrupulous delning,-lho is the itdividual who above all others while he promises most will perform least. amd vistimise his blind admirers. The present tariff presses with tenfold forcemore on the day-laborer than Mir. Chapmans obnoxious and unprinelpled ad vamorem duties. They encouraged dishonest declarations, and put a premlum en fraud and false swetarig t but the Inlcilence of taxation did not press like the package duty on the humbler classes. if prices rose they could do very well without spirits and tobacco, and even tea and beer Milk and breadareawholesome diet and in thits country they ore plentiful and would be cheap if generally conosmed. But the workiogman cannot dowithout pots and pans and coarse crockery. He wants hatns anti caps, and jackets and trowsers, and shirtsennd socks, and sheets and blankets, and boots and shoes, for him. selfand his children, and other thitgs whilh he and they must have if they are to lve in tolerable comfort. It is upon these articles hattthe package duty fails with severity, and the tilk and satins, the trinkets end jewellery, andi nil cxpensive artlicles in small bulk escape amoost scot free. But this is not the only evil of an lmjudi. clous and unequal tariff. It kills commerce and destroys trade. In consequence of the absurd impositions that have been affixed to certain com modities, they will cease to he imported t those who would have consumed them will be dealed here what is available in the neighboring colonies, and not the ghost of a pico in the shape of duty will darken the door of the Treasury. If modern experience has proved anythint it has shown that the area of taxa tiot, so far as the Customs are concerned, should be as limited as poerihle. A tariff which embraced only spirits, tobacco, wine, beer, tea. cnffee, and sugar, would yield all the revenue really required. The expence of collection would be trifitng, and every one would be touched while none of the articles would oe necessaries. What is the common ex perience of a master commistioned to buy tobacco for his ploughmen when it was ins. a pound ? while the servant han led a sovereign his injunction was "two pound of the best-none of the inferior sort." It makes no difference to the smoker whether an extra five shillings find their way into the pocket of the trader or into that of the publio Treasury. Has there been any appreciable increase of smuggling elnce tobacco rose from 4s. to los. the lb duty paid P We gather from all that we have observed that the Ministry will do anything to keep their places and nothing that will peril their position. They have got thteir innings sod most play thte game out. Bot that thtey will do soylhing hut mlschtief, and present obstacles to progress, we do not believe. It has been wittily as well as wisely remarked that Irritability Is only debility in a state of excitement, and the present Ministry exemplify the truth of the aphorism. They have undertaken a duty they cannot discharge, except to the advantage of them selves and their parasites, and to the detriment of the colony. tcoamitr, Mam!h 0. 