I i. SYDNEY GITY MISSION. Tun arcoba annuel meeting of tba Sydoey Olly Mission »aa bald jester ley evening in' the Tempéranos Halt Pitt*street,'Mr. Joseph Thompson in tba obair. the auditory was ? very large ono, «nd quita rilled tbe buildinf. The meeting- oordmenaed by tinging the hymn "Ascend thy Throne, Almighty King I" and by prayer by the Rev. B. Hartley. - Tr e Cn Arnum, in opaning the prooeedlng*, expressed the inteieal he felt in Ctr Missions. Great aa iras tba 'wealth and . prosperity, of Sydney, il. oonld not bs eon» (.ealed that there waa a grand antler oorrent of iniquity flowing tbro'igh it, and lt beatme all Gb iarianmen »nd women to endeavour to stem that entrent by every maana in their porer.. Hi nrged ail to give of their aub atines to farther tba objects of tba society. The CHAIRHAK read letters -from tbe B->v. Thomas Smith, the BOT. Mr, Blohford, and the Kev .Mr. Johnson expressing their regret at. not being able to be present at the mealing, and conveying assurances, of the interest they fait in the well being of tbe aooiety. . Mr. Smith anbBf qi'ntly entered. The Hon. Secretary, Mr, BKrjiJitx SHORT, then rend the following report : - Tho oommlttee btv« now to lay befors thosnbsoribors and tba pnbllc generally, their roport of rho operations of the' mia lion during another year, and in doing ao thar wduld beg the alton tlnn of all,who desire tba well.being of the: olly in 'whtob wo live, to the strong olaims wblah tho Sydney Olly Mlailon h«a npon their oasitttnee, tholr sympathy, and their prayer«. At tbs commencement of the year the aooiety bad fonr agonts at work-two mais sod two female missionaries-In tba several districts of tb« city allotted to thom. It . wu felt that thia somber waa altogether Inadequate for tba work, «ad did not meot the neoectitias of the ease, yet the oommltto e bo.ro to report, and with mnoh regret thoy do BO, that In the months of February add March laat they bad to disponen with tho «ervisoa of three of their agent«, and ono only ls now employed. The hope expressed In last year's report, that when the Cbrlatlan pabilo wa« made acquainted with the Operation« of Ibe sooloty, means would bs afforded to ponteas and profitably work every field preientad In the difforont parts of tho city, baa not been realised. On the oontrary. the contributions rooeived daring the yotr hare not been sufficient to meet tho current oxpondltaro, and tbe aooiety ia in debt. . . .. Notwithstanding thia oanao of discouragement,mnoh haa been aooornpHshed-muob to abow theneoeiBlty of a mission snob SB this, and ranch to call for an expreaaion of gratitude to God rar tho good effooted tbrongb the instrumentality rf tho agents employed, and tba committee aro still encouraged to hope tbat ss the nstnre of tho work, sod objecta of the society become better known, (hero will be co laek of means for tbs j employment of missionaries. The oommlttoe propose there- I fore now, to give In detail some Illustrations of the natara 1 of the work, and of the good accomplished during the patt yoar. " One of the agenta mat wttb a family residing in - ttroot, the parents of which were hapless drunkards Their vlsolous I eonrses bad lad lo mnoh: temporal distress, aa nell as to spiritual degradation «nd misery. The mlsiicnary r-oralstod in his visitation, of these wreiohed peopls, tn the midst of moeh discouragement, but ultimately found great reward in his labour. Both were indaood to sign the total abatinenoe pledge; 'and lt waa oarefnll; oxplalned to them .that tb ey must look to God the Saviour for Bli en gib and salvation. Oreti ia the obsnge now ia the position and proapcots of that family. The mother BOOB beosrae convlooed of am, and was led to trust in the 8avionr, | thohnabsud bsostns an attendant upon Divine worship, and tho j children were sent to day and 8abb.th.aob.ool. "Mr.- when drat mot wita by the missionary ia bis rounds, »as quite Ignora, t of Gospel truths. He was repeatedly visited, and bodily Illness placed bim more within the resah of tho missionary's Instructions than he would have baen In hoaltb. and ho aoon gaye moat satisfactory evidence of that ' repent, ance not te bs r«p»nted of.' We have not spsoa here for tbe graci- ous expressions of bl« faith whioh he nttered to tho missionary from limo to timo. They sbowsd how light bad been sown In bis soul by thal Divins Spirit respecting whoso offices he had hitherto been Ignorant. Jesus wss all his hops and all hia glory. Jost before he died, bo «sid to tho misai ïnsry, ' I oannot read my Bl alo any more, neltber can I pat myself In the attitude of grayer, but thank God, my Saviour, I can life ap mydylng hands to leaven.' This be did and abortly afterwards fell asleep in Jesus." I The following la another cart whioh aatnot fall to be gratifying to the supporters of this soclsty :- I "?Mr. wss by trade s mason, 30 years of age. Tho missionary's acquaintance with bira commenced by giving him « traot. Afters time, becoming afflloted, ibis man sent for tbs missionary. Want of atre, and oooaalonal drunkenness had Injured his constitution aermanently. The Goapol of the grace jf God was plaoed before him in its freeness and fulness,and be Jrank lt with a tbirtty heart. So anxious did ho beootne for ?piritnsl instruction, snd Christian sympathy, that he could roareely bear tbe mlasionary to be absent from ulm. Be aald on ins ocosalon, ' I know there is hope fer mo,' and bj-and-bje he vas snabled to aposk of tho realisation of Christ's forgiving lovo. Bis affliction was attended by exoraolstlng and long continued pain at the heart, and he was often nuable to Ile n his bod. He bsd a wife, but she was Intano, ind his five ohlldren wero depondent on the com- passion of strangors. As death approached, his faith besame itronger a?d stronger in the redeeming tova of Christ. He ex preaaedmuoh joy and peace in the Holy Ghost So attached did bs brooms lo tbo missionary, tbst bo expressed sn earnest dealrs Tor as much of his oomnsny as bis other dnlits would permit, ? In ila last moments hs called to hts eldest boy, a ltd of ll, and said, Johnny, I'm dying, bat Johnny I'm dying sad going to heaven ; lebave well to your mother and your Uttto brothers and staters irrito a letter to your grandmother. Johnny, and tell her I'm dead ind gone to heaven tbrongb the blosBod Jesu«.'. Then turning to the missionary, be Haid, ' pray w!tb ms, leime die praying! flo lsd hia wieb, for whilst thoy prayad together, bo fell baok Irimbia ibalrdrad. It 1« pleating to add, thatptrtly through the mis- sionary's instrumenta.Ity, all Ibe children fouid homes amongst p Ions people Tho mother la at Tarban Creek Asylum." The fo.lowing sro a ftw caeos, briefly . extracted from tbo journal of tho only «gent now employed hy the society, whioh lonrnal oontains many moro, equally interesting Initanoos, of bis sucasaaful Isbonrs: ' July Bib.-Saw a man (whom I bsd provinusly vlBlted). said he bad boon enlightened and greatly bleated, through reading, a trsot whlob I had given to him, aallsd * Lutbor on'Justlfiestlon.' Bald hs found tbe'fnll meaning af the tract In the 14th. chapter 8t. John, snd 8th Romans. Wished me to road those chapters to bira. The man bas tho traot covored, and saya hs will sever ? part with it while hs live». "July Uth- Vialtel 29 families this day. Bead and prayed with soven of them Callod to seo sn old man (whom.!I bad vlalted before.) : Be told rae that he had 'Christ In bis heart, tho hope of glory.' Us was in great distress of mind, os my Drevluns visit tn him. Wished me to visit bim again. " J al j 13th.-Visltod 13 apeoisl oates. Frayod with ll of them Eight of thoeo families aeom to be seeking the Lord, they all attend my prayer meetings In ulobc-slreot; and all attend a plaoe of worship on the Lord's Day. " July loth -Visited 44 (smilies. Bead and prayad with 13 of them. Saw two women and one man at the point of death, but divine llgbt iasblnlnginto iholr minds. One woman Ia enabled to rost her wholo trott In tbs Saviour. " July 27th.-Visited 40 families. Road and prayed with 12 of them. Distributed traots lo soveral. Ono womtn dying ; trmting In tho Saviour. A man and bis wife took the temperance pledge. Beld a mooting in Globo-atreot Baggod Schoolroom. IS persona present. " July 28th.-Vi,Hod forty-five families. Read and prayod with 14 of them. Several of thom look tracts Rev. Mr. Bartlsy went »Ith me to-day to vltlt aomo of those miserable families, and to snoonrago mo in my'work. Tho poor woman, mentioned in ray Isurnal yesterday, died thia morning, trnttlng In tbs Lord. Called it tho houso and preyed with tho husband, and other members of tho family.' It wss a very alTeolingsosne, and the power of Dod rrss folt in our midst. «. October lat snd 2nd.-As mine ls a large diBtrlot, I Ana it aeoosflsry to make some «peoial visita occasionally, llave visited nany Bpoolal oasoa lbs laat two days. Ons womsn (whom I ha ve proviuusly visited) is very III, sold she was mads bsppy by my reading and praying with ber. Rsad Mtb obspter Isaiah to ber, ind ebowod nor the willingness of Jeans to ssve her. 8ho was snsblcd to bolfovo and rejnloe in Cbrlat SB hsr Saviour. " Ootober 26tb.-Visited 69 fsroilloa. Bead and prayed with 13 ïftbem Soveral of them took traoka. One woman said I bad been msdo a great blessing to bor ¡ for whoa 1 first saw her she »as avery great drunkard, but now abo la a total abstainor and bas got tho love of God In ber heart. "January 1st to 4th -About live wooka alnoo, saw s man sitting by tho roadside. Knew bim twelve years ago, wban he was a member of a Christian ahurob, and in good pecuniary circum- stances. Hsd rince bBen a drunkard, WBB nearly naked, and btd co borne to go to Spoko to bim abonthls soul. Ho elgnod tbo temperance pledge. Saw him to day, clean, anti respectably dressed. Bo is now attending Bov. Thomas Smith's Church. If t were ta say all I know of this man, il woutd aurpriae many. He ls lndoed a brand pluokod from lbs burning. "January Otb.-Visited 03 families. Bead, prayed, and loft j tracts with several of them. Baw a sailor, very near deatb, said bo was ready for tbs great obsnge. When I Orflt found bim, aomo 1 months sgo, ho sppearod to bo in vory g-oat gloom. Exhorted him to road his Bible, and Divino light haa visited his onoo dark , mind. " January 28th.-Visited Sb families. Read and prayod with 1> 1 Of thom Ssvorat took tracts. Ons man, his wife, and five I ghildron took tho temporánea pledge. Thia oonplo had not . lived toaethor for two veers. 8howedthem tbe evil of living at enmity, and eetiing sobad an example to their ohlldren; lt oas 1 rosultod ia tholr becoming rooonollod. This mtn esma £3 I per week, but he bad not anpnorted his fami y for two yoars. I "January 3lat.-Sunday-Visitad a mltersblo hovel st tho lower end of George- street, where many old people , here boen ?oouatomod to reaort, and herd togother In a disgusting manner. 1 Found only lb reo ju tho place, thootbort having been turned out. i Two of them had been fighting, snd had almost klllod , aaobothar, Fcnnd throe old men, sud two old women, lying . tltogether in an old shed. I had a gentleman with me, and the 1 sight waa almost moro than he oonld bear. Afterwards worn to i ?omo of ibo Bailors Iodgtngbouses. Asked a sailor if hs had not ( a praying moUior, when hs burst toto tears. Prayed with bim, , ?nd at parting, be eould ont speak from emotion. 1 ." yieUedta raminea. Read and prayed with 10 or them, and I distributed traota tn savers!. Found a young man end woman, j and tholr Infant, with no monoy, no furniture in tholr noose, nothing to eat, and soarcoly anything to wear-said they bad bean weil off in England. Tbo man bad been breaking atones in tho street, but not being osad tn suoh bard work, oonld not carn more that 10s. per week. '1 boy wore truly pltiablo objects, rolievad tbem for whioh th ry were vory thankful Callod to ase thom next day, took them aomo sitióles of clothing, sud 3s. Od. wbloh waa given lo me for thom, by a frlond who also gave ma SOO traots, snd «orne books, written by Boy Newman Hall. - . " March 3rd.-Visitad aomo special oatot to-day. ' Went to tho funoral of a man whom I had often visltod during his Illness ; ho dlod from canner In bis month, I bellovo bo has gone to hoaven,. Frayod with the noonie, who wero aaaemblcd at bia ho^o at the funeral, and with'tho widow. " March 2Utb.~Visitad 68 families. Read and prayed with 12 of them. Tho people aeom very glad to see me.. Some of them toll mo all Iholr troubles, and say thoy wish I could como ind BOO them oftener. Ono man told me of many oatos In whioh tbs Lord bad anawerod bia praysra t said he waa glad he bad «omo Christian friend to «peak to. Frayed togelher, and wore abun- dantly blessed." rheas extracta, it In hoped, will maka auQlolontly plain the naturo of tho work undertaken by thia society, av theyunnuns tlonab'y show tho naooaalty for such an sgonoy as this, lo rellove tho mars! and spiritual, and ovon at times the pbyaloal, destitu- tion of a largo portion of tba population. Tho following statement will «how in another form tba. work done by themlealonarlas SrtTiSTioa OF M'eaionAniBs' Linoun. Number of visita «nd oalls, 22.MH, Visits to tbs slob and dying, 1213. Moating« bald, Ito. Traots glvon «way. 24,171. Number of Scriptures circulated, 30. Number of children sent lo sohool, 2QA. ' Number of adulta Indaoqd to attend polillo wnriblp, 313. Wbon lt la considered that tho agents of thia sooloty obtain access to looilltlealn the city wbloh would otborniso bo enttroly nsglsatcd, and find opportunities of aposklng to tho rallen, tho hardened, sud the vicious, and visiting tba alck and dying, who would otherwise novor b»ar a word of , the Divino moray, tho . importunen nf tholr work cannot ho ovcr-eslluiitcd. And booting In mind th* dlfflonllles th« committee have had to encounter, and lt limited mean« plaoed at their disposal, thor« la reason to ba grat fled at «hat baa alrsidy boon aeoorapllehed, and auffloleut t encourage the Monda of tho sooiety to help on tho work by mai liberal oontrtbutlona and moro earnoit prayer«. Oar " neigl boara" In tho etty in wbioh we dwell, have p.callar and «iron elaina neon oar eympotby and efforts, «nd to roliove their won' in tho way oontomplatod by thia aocioty, ia a matter which ahoul enlist the hearty co- operation of all who lovo our Lord an Barloar Jeana Christ. Tba oorrjtnittao cannot otoao their report without oxproaBin tboir reirret at tho loaa tba miaaion baa auatalned In tho deparlui of (hs Der. J. Effg'esloii, from tbaaolonj. Bli valuable norvic! In tbs formation af tho eooloty, and afierwarda aa one of th aeoretarlea, contributed greatly to ita auacoia. Tba reading of tba above was followed bj applause. .The Treasurer, air. GOODLBTT, read the balanao abee frcm whtab it apptared that tba sam of £80 wss due b tbe Booittj, Tbe Rev. 7. Vor, LEK moved-" That tbereport be adoptee and, together with the treasurer's statement, bo prints for'oiroalation." He bad lometlmes tait . degree of pail in listening to reports wbiob seemed rather intended t bide (ban reveal faotB, bal saah oauld not be considere tbe cate with tba report thej had just heard ; for a wors could hardly be Imagined. It bad been found neoraaar to dismiis three ont of the fonr missionaries; and je they were £60 in debt. If tbat alele of tbinsa aaa linaei', ibeir next meeting wonld be only a winding.u] ! of the society. (No, no.) He, indeed, trusted not, am be toped tbat the perusal of the report just heard wouii have some influ3noe in diverting so dire" a ca'amity There oould nolba a nobler Instintion than tbe Cit; Mission ; and yet. ont of 80.000 peop'e, they bad oolj managed to raiae £600.. That wonld say little for tbi liberality and Christianity of Fy lacy. When thej locked at Ibo peouliar aim of tbe Q ty Mission, it wai on'y fair to judge tbe tone of a people. by their contri bâtions to Boob a canse, It was true they bad distiu. gnlBbed themselves in their noble response io the oases o the war in the Crimea end tbe ¿aneaabire distress bot that seemed to indicate an impulsiveness of aotion anda want of sober reflection in what they did. Tben were In Sydney indeed other agendas cenneoted with thc va«*iouv chnrches, which were applying themselves to the same obj'ol as that sought by tho society, ondit behoved them to be tbabkfa', even though snob tffjrta took the form of a dcnomlnationalitm. Bat tte City Mission was tboronghly nnseetarian, and it ongbt to command tbe spsolal sympathy and anpportof tho e who waB favourable lo nnseetarian effort. Il might be asked-badthecom mitleeof the society boen as sedulous and attentiva ss they ought to bava been f He wss convinced that they bid, and if those who were inclined to blame the com- mittee wonld look rather to themselves and their own (Hit ts, great good would result. It oould not surely bs expeoted that the ministers and other gentlemen composing tbe committee should go ronnd like mendicants, bagging from door to door. Persons who waited to be ashed were not deserving of tbe honour of bring asked. Ha had waited tba ether day on a wealthy: t'adrenan who told bim that bo bid nothing for tbe society, and all he bad eaid to bim in reply was, "I'm sorry for it,sir;-sorry yon abonld loee ?o glorióos an opportunity of doing good.'' (Applause,) Ha wonld implore those who beard bim to lake care tbat the sooiely should never bava oaoaaion to bring np so bad a report again. Let them givs of their substinoe, and give their prayers too ; but if they wonld keep their money, let them not Insult tbe society and mook God with their prey er a. God did not want them, and the sooiety did not want them. Let them think ol the drnnbard, the prostitute, and tbe many wratobed homes to be found in tbelr midst, and lat tbem give liberally, av tbat not the sole remaining missionary should be dismissed, bat that the three who bsd gone might be brought baok, ind ere long their number doubled. (Applause.) Mr. CALDWEM. MX. A.; seconded tbe motion with some regret, because be bsd boped to see tbe duty performed ky others wbo, however, bad notbeen able to favour tbem with Ibeir attendance that evening. He seconded the adoption of the report with all bis heart, and he did not think they were altogether ia saab bsd plight as bad been represented. Tbey were certainly , not BO . bad et Iio'ndoD, whose bishop bad publicly stated, lately, that tbere were three millions of the people in spiritual desti- tution. He was very sorry indeed that they bad bad to dispense with the servIoeB of three of the missionaries', but il tbs work bad been taken np by the denominations, owing to the influenae branght to bear by that soeiety, they bad every . cause for encouragement end gratitude, especially when they, found from the report, bow mnoh good , had been Boaompllahed by the diieot agency of the soaiety. He ?rusted that that report would stir op the people still more. In the burry ind bustle of life,- tbere wis too muob disposition among the people to shift their indi vldnsl re>p-nslbility to organisations and to the clergy ; bnt.it became every one to sot for himself in auch mat- tera, in visiting tbe sick and the tffl oted. When he Baw the sisters of charity pursuing their pions avoeatitins. he. felt inollned to esy to the ladies before bim, " go. and do likewise." He did not wish to advise them to join socie- ties and beoome mos--nothing of tbe kind (laughter), bot to imitate tfcoso noble Christian ladles who devoted' their lives to the allev'ation of distress, and to spiritual minis rations. (Applause.) a> - The Bay. THOMAS SMITH supported the moii m.' He hid no (enrol the failure of tbe City Mission. -There bad boen perhaps a mistake in the first inatance, in ' appoint, lng too many missionaries-too many for the liberality of the people. ' He, /or one, meant to stand by the cause of the City Miasloo. No one could visit the lanes of Sydney without being epnvineed that .there waa 'very great want; and by far the greater part of that want arose from intemperance. Bat there was a great amount of work being performed by the obnrohee,-he never knew more In any oily. Still, allowing for all Iba', there was room in Sydney for twenty City Missions, He did not think mnch of a financial difficulty ; a financial diffi- culty wBB nothing to a CbriBlian people if they were only detetmlned to surmount it. And what WSB their financial difficulty for the past year? He found thal it was £80; and WIB that worthy of being mentione'df Certainly not, when tbey considered the sort of work that was done by the sooiely,-that it reached plp'oîs and people Ibat ministers in their pulpits did not reach-that it sent to thom mea who oould speak to them like'one of themselves-men to whom tbey were not afraid to open their souls. Tbträ oould be no doubt, as bad been said, that the society bad s'irred-up a missionary spirit among the obnrobep. He, for one, oould testify that, ia the sooiety had taken away the missionary from his district, be had determined to have a missionary of his own ; bat tbat would not make him feel less interest in the society's operations. Ha bad felt tbe benefit of snob egenciea ia bis own person, end be therefore corr mended the Cuy Mission to the binds end prayers of all who heard him, and he bad no fears for the result. (Applause.) The resolution was put and carried unanimously, after wblob a oolleotion wai made,tbe meeting einging," Come ye that lore the Lord." The Bev. GEonoE G run AH moved tba eeeond resolu- tion, as foUowBt- . That tbia meeting, believing tbera is an argent necessity for the agenoy ol the ' Sydney'City Mission'-renders thanks to Almighty God for the en- couragement already bestowed, and pledges itself to renewed effort in support of the mission." The exist- ence ol Ibe mission was a proof that Ibero were Borne generóos souls o wake to the spiritual destitution prevail- ing around thom-a destitution tbat oould hardly be reached by the regaler olergy. He rejoiced to heat (rora Ibe report of the inaaloulible good t treated even by the one missionary of tbs eoolety, and it was unquestionably the duty of a Cbristitn people to give liberally in aid or auob aeau.se. All oould not engage personally in tbe wotk, but ell oould aid it with tbe means that Gad had given them. Let them not re- semble the atsgnanl lake, which received alt, and gave forth only pestilential vigours, but ratber be like the flowing river that retained nothing, but spread through all its course its freshening ena fertilising infloenop. The Bev. I?. EfrinEBD seoonded the resolution. He reminded Ibe meeting ol tbo healing of the ten lepers, and compered himself to the thankful one. He felt thankful tbat the mission had not been altogether na saaaesifal, although lt wanted fresh life pnt into I'. He w:a thankful that they bid even one missionary, and he kaew personally tb it tbat one was a'faithful servan*, and one eminently fitted for bia work. He would like, however, to see a great deal more done. Mention bad been made of London, Wby, In London tbey bad loar bandred oily miseionaties. Here they bad one I,. New South WaloB bad boen called a land of golrf. - He culled ita lend ofoold. The love of Cbrlst oonld not be In tbe chnrcbeB, or snob a state of things wonld 'never exist. The Holy Spirit wo« wan'.ing in. the. valley of their dry ' bones.' Let them pray, and they weald be snre lo pay. He, far one; would not thank them foi their money if (bey dfd net «Ive tbe/r prayers. If they prayed with all their hearts, the Spirit of Ged wonld descend upon them, ard tho people wonld have to be stiysd from giving, and tot urged to it ; bot; unless they, prayed, tbey would never give, or what they gave would airry with it no blessing. . . j Tbs roBolntion WSB put ind passed unanimously* the OmnuciN observing thal, perhaps, when the last speaker had boen a little longer In the colony, ha would fiad that neither were th« people of Sydney; edd, nor was the elimata either. j The Bev. J. E. VBTCH moved tbs third resolution, aa follows ;-11 Tbat tbe tbinls of this meeting are horoby presented to tho committee and offloers, for their vain, able netvioeB in tho mnnngernent of tho mission dating lite past year, and that tho following bo tho oflloers end committee (ot the mining ye» ;-Treasurer Mr. J. Ff. Goodlet! ; Secretary, Mr. Berj .mia Sbort ; Bar. P. P. Asnaw, B. Chapman. J. D 'upall, B. Hartley, F. Hibbard, D '. Ling, J. B. MaOare, N. Pidgeon, J. Reid, T. Smith, A. Thomson, J. E Vd tob, J. V.I 1er, S. Babone, Thotnis Johnson, George Graham, J. Bickford, J. S. Adam, J. Calwell, M.L.A., S. Cillogban, B. Cooks, B.J. Horn! man, F. E. Oliver, Dr. Moffitt, T. B, Bolln, Jaapph TtoTOpuon, Kt Vickery, and Walter Smith." He, however, would not be one of a oommit- tee of thirty gentlemen to look o'ter one missionary. Bat be hoped that those who heard bim would give tbem something more to do-that they would oontrlbute liberally ; and, on that eondiiion, he moved the resolution. The Bev. B, HAHTXEY said tbat any member of the committee wonld willingly reaeive toe Dames of those who wished to become members ol tbe soaiety. He hid fall faith in the report ol their missionary, knowing tbat it was not only tine, bat that it was not even high* coloured. It was wonderful how mach work be got tbroagb-bat tbe reston was tbat bis heart was ia it. Ha wa" also a teetotaller, and that was an indispensable requisite for a oily missionary. He felt gteat pleasure in seconding the resolution. Tbe motion was unanimously agreed to. Mr. SHOOT begged to remind. the meetiog that, although there was now only one missionary, they had hid four daring ten m on th B of the year, and three daring eleverf^montbs. ?» After a vote of tbtnka tô fae chairman, the meeting was closed with the benedietlon, prononnotd by the Ber. T. Smith. MUNICIPALITY OF PADDisoraN.-A meäting of tbe oonnoil was held OD Monday, Ibe 10 Ih Instant, at half paet 7 p.m. Preaent-The Chaiimin (0. Arllett. Esq.) and Messrs. Alston, Oleadall, Hellmriob,Iredale, Joyner, M'Oey, Smitb, and Taylor. Minutes of previous meeting, read and confirmed. Subsequent oorrespondenoe. (ead. The ohairman reported thal, in compliance with the re- commendation ol tbe oommlttee of the whole oonnoil, be bad oommurioated with Measra. Daintrey and Chapman with referanoe to rata coticen j that the form furnished by those gentlemen, oombining botb notice of assessment and demand for payment of rate, had been printed, and that tbe papers were nearly ready for iaane ¡ toat he had, as desired, also called on tbe Surveyor. General, relative to the completion of the alignment, and that early atten. tion to the ira ter .waa promised ; tbat on tba O b instant it WBB decided to adhere to the municipal year aB formerly determined by'tbe Supreme Corr! ; that on the 6.h instant, be had attended at tbe council.chambers, and received Mr. DJ vis's bond signed and Bealtd by himielf and sureties, and that, baviog ezecoted the agreement with Mn DaviB, he bad appointed tbe 18!h ioBtant aa the date of his tabing office. Report from tho buildlog com- mittee-That. Mr. contraotor Crippa la proceeding witb the new oounoll-abamber in a moat aatiafaotory manner; tbat the arebiteat (Mr. Bowe), bad certified (bat be IB entitled to a further ¿nm of one hundred poonda, and that the committee respectfully reoommend the same to ba plao;d in tbe treasurer/a banda for payment. Report from the committee of the whole oonnoil appointed 14 b April, to inapeot the propoBed linea of divlaion into tarda, recommending tba following boundaries, v'z., Upprr Paddington Ward to oommence sooth ot Old Sooth Head Bead, in a line with the norlhern extremity of tba east wall pf Victoria Bjrraok«, thenoe to a point in a line with tbe east wall of property belonging to Mr. Thomaa Brongbton, tbenoe along tbat wall to the north end > thereof, thence in a straight line sonth-went-by-west, and "by west across tbe centre of a bridge on the Point Piper road to tbe east bonndary of tbe municipality, tbenoe to tbe eaat wall ol Victoria Batraeks aforesaid, and thenoe along said wall to the (point of commencement. Lower Pad« dington Ward to commence at tbe : point of interaaetion of the weat boundary of tbe municipality with the south boundary of Mr. Obed Wesl'a teveoty.one aores, thence ' along that and the east bonndary of Bald land to its Intersection witb tbe Bontb bonnda-y of Mr. Alexander Brown's three or four aoreB, thenoe along that boundary to tbfe north.weat end of Barcom-atreet, ' tbenoe south lo ' tba oentra of Glenmore road,', thence eist to a point in lino with tba eoutb side ol Brongbton. »tnet, thence to the intersection of the north bonndary of Mr. Thomaa Broughtons property, and along that bonndary to tbe boonda y of Upper Paddington Ward, tbenoe Bontb to tba south bonndary of tbe municipality, and tbenee to the,point of commencement. Glenmore Ward, to córamenos with the north-wost corner of the ; mnniolpality, thence to the intersection of the north i bonndary of Upper Paddington Ward, thence to the ; west boundary of the mnniolpality, and tbenoe to the point of commencement, foport from tba oommlttee of wok t-Tbat tbe repairs in M'Lean- Btreet are completed ; that the men are now employed ia Great Thornc-atreet, repairing the roadway and gutters; and that the stone ; drain in LeioeBter- Etreet . is completed, bnt that a considerable ' amount of Ailing is rr- . quired "tb make the street passable. Report by tba treasurer (Ur. Iredale) - That pursuant to anlhcrity be had drawn the following oheqaoa ainoe the tant meeting, viz , Mr. H. Onie, salary, £8 0». 8d. ; Mr. Cripps, oontraot, £05, Mr. ZiKzan, rent, £3: Total, £70 6J. 83, The forgoing reporta were confirmed. Notice of motion': Mr.- Joyner tomove-That a certificate of service, signed and sealed by tbe ohairman on behalf of ' tba connell, be given to Mr. Henry Gale, late oounoil , clerk, aa to tbe able, zaalone, and faitbfol disobarge of 1 bis datlos while in ofHoe, from the 17th D.-oember, 1801, to 17th May, 1864. A motion by Mr. Taylor-That the east side of EHzibotb-Btreet, from Uaderwood ta Pad- dington streets, ba kerbed and guttered-waa referred to works' committee. BrxLiBONO.-The Billibong correspondent of tbe Wtitrrn Bzaminet Bays:-Some Biz monthB ago Captain Brown and Mr. Surveyor Coombea came to tba Billibong, and oommenoed to survey a township,- Two or three atreetB were lined off, and forthwith business people began to build, believing tbat tbe epqt surveyed-and on which they were bnilding-was to be the township; ' and thia hope waa farther enoonrsged by the foot of two policemen being stationed here. Not a doubt rested in tba minds.of any of our townsfolk but that on tbs ground referred to was to be the Government township, and that, whenever tba place waa far enough advanoed to require a court, boase end other publia buildings, they would be created there. Nothing oontrery to thia waa hinted at nntil a fortnight ago, when Mr. Commis- sioner MoLein and bis oolleagne. Captain'Brown, toge* tber with Sir P. Pottinger and Mr. CoombeB, surveyor, pall ns a visit, when it waa rumoured tbat they were about to establish a township at the Bald BIIIB, distant some font or five milos from Currajong,'! and tbat tbe police wera to be stationed at that plaoc This, of cours?, rather Burprised our townspeople, and a deputation of the leading men of the place waited on the gentlemen referred to, and aofced the queation : " If it waa the intention of the Government to survey another township at tbeBild Hills ?" Thia was answered in tba affirmative. Many rssaonnble objections wererolsod and oourteonaly reoeived by tbose gentlemen. Nearly all of them, especially Chief Oommlaaforet MoLean, expressed an opinion that Carrrjmg waa tbe proper aita for the Government buildings, bat nothing would satisfy the whimsioat onrioBity of some but going four or five milea from tba main bulk of our population, and away from the stores, hotels, and other pnblio buildings, anob aa tbe Cburob and Sohool-honse, abd the prir.olpal crushing maobinep, and at tba Bane time away from the contra cf the liohest and moat numerous payable reefs where the people are sure to Bettie, never heeding tbe expense the people have been to in bnilding, de1., many of wbomoama from Forbes and have spent their all in tbese expensive works. It is not only a great injustice to the people who have settled and made comfortable hornea bore, bnt, viewing tbe matter as I do, it is perfectly ridiculous to ereot tbe polioe station and court-hoUBe (should we be favonred wlth'one) four or five milts awoy frcm where there is already a township, 'Where ia polioe protection required bnt wbere tba poople are settled, and why should tbe oonrl.bouaa be five miles away from tbs polioe. birraoke t It ia to be hoped no steps will be taken tn aarry tbia arrangement out, as it is injurious alike to the pnblio and to onrprlvete interests. Tba banking business ls entirely monopolised in the Liol lan district by the Oriental Banking Company, and they ha'e only ona branob, viz., at Fotbea, so tbat ell the business the Billibong people have with tbs bank must be done: at Forbes, nearly thirty miles off. Surely, where there is BO much gold being got, and BO mnoh bnelneBsi for a bank to do, there ia an opening here for a branch. Our reefs oontinue nearly the same. The Pioneer has much improved of late. Their deepest shaft is down about 90 feet, and the stone looks splendid. It speaks well for the lasting prosperity of our district to see the reefs continue with unabated richnesses as they go down. Last week No, 3 Bushman's Reef Company took 420 ozs. of gold to Forbes, the yield of 180 tons of quartz. 50 tons were crushed by Campbell and Kirkpatrick's machine, and 80 by the Alliance Company. The yield per ton was about the same at both machines. No. 1: Bushman's party are gone to Forbes to-day with another1 large cake of gold, from a lot' of atone crnahed by tbe Joint Stook Company's maobine,, -Thia claim (No, 1) waa taken np in Jane laat, Blnoe whioh lime 4.8T tona lt owt. ham been crnahed at the Joint Stook maobine, and tba; amount realised in cash np to thia time-ia, about £0000 sterling i and to judge from preaent appearancea the ol al m is likely to laat for a long time, to come. Indeed lt is hard togaesB.wbat tbs extent of this reef may be' either in rlobnassor üntobllily, BRAIDWOOD LIBRABY IuBTnore.-A mestiag of th« eummlttae of ibe literary Iris iiute was bold ia the library on (be evening of Wednesday last. Tbe Dev, 0, H. Bleb) président, oaanpied tbe chair, and tba fol. lowing members were présent : - Mr ear», j, Lirmrr, J. E. Paige, H. Matthews, J. F. Flashman, J. W. P->pperr and tbe eeoretery, Mr. Oöarles Harrison. The minnies of tba previous meeting having been read over, tbe secretary announced that the gift ol Henry Parkes, Esq., M.L.A., oonBisting of forty-one volumes, bat been ti» dived ; whereupon the oommittee saw the worse, and requested the secretary to write to Mr, Parkes, and tender bim their thanks for his gênerons gift. The seo re ts ry next read a letter from the Colonial Secretary, announcing that Parliament bad voted £100 in aid of the fonda of the ioelitntlon-provided, of coarse, that a similar sam be raised by subscription. Tbis announce- ment gave rise to very considerable discussion as to the manner in willoh the amount in question aonld be raised, when Mr. Harrison observed that he bsd oareful.ly cal- culated the fonds alresdy collected, and likely lo be aol» looted, by wbioh oa'aalstion be estimated that a sam of £70 wonld be raised, leaving a deficiency of £30. It was animately decided tbat the matter should be lett to the President and Mr. Paige, who promised to see what could bn done in the matter. The meeting then broke up.-Ofcre-'ver. Making FALSE declaration.-At the Goulburn police.oourt on Wednesday, the 18th instant, Mrs. Mary Ann Patmore appeared to answer a charge of having falsely pretended to the Rev. W. Sowerby that she was the age of twenty-one years, and thereby induced him to celebrate marriage between- her and Jabez Patmore, whereas she well knew that she was under the age of twenty-one years.-Mr. Alexander, district registrar, produced a certified copy of the birth of defendant's child, the defendant's age was therein stated to be eighteen. Mr. Sowerby produced the register of the marriage of Mary Ann Feltham to Jabez Patmore last year ; did not recognise the defendant as being the girl he then married ; produced the declaration signed by the said Mary Ann Feltham ; she was sworn to the truth of it, and it had been previously read over to her ; it states that she believed there was no lawful objection to her being married ;. witness asked her age ; she replied twenty-one ; there was - no written consent to the marriage; had witness known that age was under twenty-one should have required 'such,-John Feltham, defendant's father, deposed that he believed defendant to have been born in 1846, but could not swear it ; was present when defendant signed the register at the church, but not the marriage; gave his verbal consent to tbe marriage previous to its taking place.-Emily Gordon deposed to recollecting hearing defendant say that age was eighteen.-Mary Ann Patmore,-defendants sister-in-law, deposed to having heard, defendant say , since she was married that she was eighteen.-The case was remanded for a week.-On Wednesday last, John Feltham was recalled and deposed that he had seen his daughter the day of her marriage; before she was married she did not say anything about ber age then or at any other time, nor did she ask witness* consent, but her husband did.-The Rev. W. Sowerby, recalled, de. posed that he distinctly read over the declaration but did not farther explain it,-James Linsdown deposed that be was present at the marriage; could not swear that tbe defendant was the person married ; heard the girl that was married say that she was twenty-one.-Ann Feltham, ' defendant's mother, deposed that defendant was born in 1846 ; did not recollect telling her her age before she left home ; she bad been away from home some years; her age was recorded in a Bible to which defendant bad access, but did not recollect seeing de- fendant look at it.-Joseph Pat more deposed to being present when defendant was married to his brother ; the ceremony was performed by Mr..Sowerby.-The bench dismissed the case, as it did not appear that there was sufficient legal evidence to satisfy a jury that defendant knew her age; but told her that she had only herself to blame for any inconvenience which her reckless state. .ments had entailed.-Goulburn Herald. GREAT Fnus AT FOBDES.-A dreadful conflagration took place about two a.m. this morning (Friday) in Binken-street. Eight buildings were burnt down or otherwise destroyed. The fire originated at Greig's store - and Haey's publia.house. -Toe Digger's Beturn and tbe Newmarket ante yards are amongst those demolished. Ooo hundred and sixty pounds hove been already snbsoribad for tbe sufferers.-Ba hu it Times: VALUE " OF ' PnoïEnrr OK THB WEHTWOBTH. - The O ange Guardian s»ye:-To give an idea of tbe value of 'property at these mines, we may state that the Victoria i Hotel has, during Ibe last day or two, obanged handB fer '£450 oaah, Mr. Mackenzie, a shareholder in the Home, ward Bound, being the purohaser. It mast be remem- bered that the frontages ara held on business licenses, .and tbat none of them bare yet been sold. Had the l b'me bean built on a freehold it wonld doubtless bave dtJheá a maoh higher Agare. ' ' TO THE EDITORS OF THB SYDNEY MORNING S SR ALB, end BP LL S LIFE -GENTLEMEN.-In your, issuer, of Saturday, tbe 98 h instant, beaded " Pabilo Amusements," and more parti- cularly defined ''Prince of Wales Theatre," you' were pleased lo make soma observations, and, indeed, point some refiectiona on the charader of the proprietor of the tavern thereto adjoining. Now, gentlemen, had either' . of you aa editors of your respeotlve papers, orsa moral guardians ol the pabilo welfare (wbioh doubtless you are), 'thought fit to make"Inquiries before.printing ex parte statements therein, yon would have seen the absnrdlty of publishing tbe same, and thereby saved me theneoeasi y of truthfully replying thereto. j On or about tba 17th instant, it was well known to my self, ss well also to the habitue» of the *. Prinoe of Wales," that spasms of a financial nature were not un* common amongst the " spirited" and " Joint- stook man ' agement,"and fearing aeollapre, I, ea the proprietor of » the bonse adjoining" (being under heavy expenses and dependant upon the . legitimate custom of the theatre), did, in conséquence, organise a promenade conceit, wi n the slight addition of a ball, on her Majesty's birthday. It was a daoided Booceas-a little more expensive tban ¡ the theatre, it la trae-bat tai the performances I (theatrical) oeen more attractive, there would be no ne* restily for additional recreations. The public, as ia asnal in snob matters, did prefer " the promenade." They ore good judgeB, and it is to be hoped they will re* maia BO. Now, gentlemen, by the innendos published in your issueB ot Saturday (now before me), tbere is a Bingular unanimity in meral strictures highly calculated to " point a moral" or, indeed, " adorn a tale;' Mr. Ha aid caye " the ebaracter of the company that attend tbsBo eonoerts it is not diffioult to surmise." Mr. Belli Life soyB " tbe annoyances not being diminished by the rtfleotion for whose gratification the brazen food of love is pro vided." In oonclnsion, the proprietor of " the bonae adjoining" says for himself that be ia quita respectable-bis houso and reputation good-and the oompiny who frequent the same eaunllv so. I remita, Gentlemen, yorjra very tm)y, TBE PBOPBIETOB OP A TAVERN. Sydney. 80th May. ' 