A NEW CHUliOH AT WIN T ]JS01i. One of tlie distinguished foreign visitors who occasion,illy do us the honor lo observe 011 tlie practical workings of that admirable mystery— The British Constitution—in speculating recently 011 tlie loynl attachment to the person and family of (he Sovereign common to all j E11glisl1ne.11—to him a political paradox in a people .so pi'oarl of their individual independence aud freedom—suggested that it might iu some degree be explained liy the manner ill which the member* of Ibe lloyal faimlyhave associated j themselves with the everv-day life of the peop!0. a„J beyond tile range of State duties take their part as ulliciently us ordinary citizens all 1he social movements of the day. The criticism is sounder one than we usually get from such sources, though to us it may almost seem commonplace. Numberless illustrations of it in in,liters of graver importance will spring to every one's memory, and those who have visited the neighborhood of any of the 1 loyal dwelling places cannot but have heard many stories of thejudgemnt and liberality with which the duties of a good neighbor are discharged, and must have remarked the interest and afiection with which the members of the Koyal family are regarded hy those who have had tiie most frequent and the best opportunities of observing them 111 domestic life. We ha«> to chronicle another instanceiu noticing an interesting ceremony which took place 011 Saturday, at Windsor, when the Crown Princess of Prussia celebrated her birthday by laying the foundation stone of a new church. For some time past the parish church has been found inadequate for the wauls of the increasing population of the Royal borough, and though many proposals have been made at various times for the supply of additional church accommodation, it was not until last year that any definite project wasset 011 foot. At a sermon preached on the Prince of Wales' birthday iu 1862, by the rev Mr Simpsou, ouc of the curates of the parish, the first collection was made for the purpose, and mainly by (he unwearied activity of the vicar aud his clergy a handsome sum was at hist raided, suflicieut to jutify the commencement of actual operations. Her Majesty took great interest in the project from the first, subscribed liberally to it, and at the proper time was graciously pleased to intimate her desire that the first stone should be laid by her eldest daughter. An admirable situation has been chosen for the new church at the end of I'Yancis-road, immediately in the rear of the model cottages, in a neighbourhood where new buildings appear to be spriuging up 011 every si do. Built of brick, • with facings of JJath stone from the designs of Mr A. W. Mollified, it is of handsome dimensions, but with very little ornamentation either inside or out. At present it affords accommodation for about COO persons, but is so arranged as lo be capable of further enlargement, and beitu intended chiefly for the use of the poor, all the sittings arc free and uuapprop iated, a feature which obtained the special approbation of Her Majesty. The whole cost will be -something under £4,000. of which nearly £3,600., including £1G0 collected at the service ou Saturday, has already beeu raised. Saturday being, as we have said, the birthday of the Princess—was fitly chosen for the ceremouy—and the town wore' almost as gay an appearance as on the memorable occasion of the Prince's wedding. On the spot itself every preparation bad beeu made for the accommodation of the numerous visitors who crowded within the low walls which marked oat the site of the church. For protection against the weather, which looked lowering—though the Princess appears to have inherited her motber'6 good fortune in this respect—a huge tent, covering the nave and trausepts and decorated with gay ensign of every hue, had been spread, under which all could stand in confident security. At the chancel cud a platforn was erected for the accommodation of the more distinguished i assistants, in the centre of which, opposite the stone, was raised a pretty pavilion, iutended to receive her Itoyal Highness aud her suite. Here, shortly after 12 o'clock, were gathered the Bishop of Oxford, the Dean of Windsor, Archdeacon Randall, tbellev. Mr Ellison, vicar of the parish, and a tumorous body of the clergy of the neighbourhood, iu full canonicals; the mayor and corporation of the borough in their robes of office; the borough member*, Mr Vansittart and Colonel Vyse; Viscount Kirkaldie, and the other members of tlie building committee. The Fremasous mustered in strong force, the husband of the Princess being himself a mason of high degree, aud to them a special platform ou thesouthsideof thenavewas allotted. At lialf-past 12 the baud of the Blues struck up the Prussian National Hymn, and the Royal cortege was seen advancing along the road. O11 alighting, the Princess was received at the door by the Bishop, the architect, and the building committee, and conducted to the spot where the ceremony was to be performed. Her Royal Highness looked in excellent health—a perfect specimen of a young English matron. She was accompanied by the Crown Prince, Princess Louise, and Prince Leopold, and a numerous suite of lords and ladies of the household. The scrvice was commenced by the 84th Psalm, admirably chanted by the choir of the parish church, accompanied by the band of the Blues, and after an appropriate prayer by the Bishop of Oxford the Dean of Windsor handed to the Princess au elegant silver trowel manufactured for the occasion, and in a few well chosen words thanked her Koyal Highness oil behalf of the people of Windsor for undertaking this duty, and expressed a hope tliat the event would be an additional tie between her and those who had watched her grow up from her earliest infancy, aud who, by whatever title she might be known, would always be proud of lier. A vase containing the customary coins aud inscription was placed in a cavity of the stone, and the Princess, stepping forward with the trowel in her hand skillfully smoothed down the bed of mortar on which it was to rest. The stoue was then lowered to its plu-e, aud her lloyal Highness having squared it with the rule and topped at each corner with the mallet in the most artistic fashion, said with her lloyal mother's clear sweet-toned voice, which her Lords and faitful Commons know so well, and would so gladly hear again,—" I11 the faith of Jesus Christ we place the foundation stone of this church, to be consecrated for ever to the service of Almighty God, iu the name of God the father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost." The consecration hymti was then suug, and, after the usual prayers for the benefactors and builders of the church, the Bishop dcliveied a short address, and the ceremony, which was of very short duration, was brought to a close by the singing of the Old Hundredth P.snfm.—' Evening Mail' ? ? ? 