BEECHWORTH. A SPILL IN A MODEL MUNICIPALITY. — On Satur- day evening, about half-past six, some venturous wights were attempting to pilot a double horse load of hay through the perils of Finch street. To people living in this street there is no access now, for any wheeled vehicle, except by entering on the footpath at either end. And then, the turning in is imminently dangerous, as will be un- derstood by the sequel in the present instance. It should be mentioned that there is one bridge, about the middle and deepest part of the ditch on one side of the street, which a resident wood carter was obliged to construct, rather than be shut in, and starved. The men were trying to cross this bridge, in order to reach the desired haven with their load of hay. But destiny and the ditches forbade ! 'Hold 'im to ye, Jem,' roared Tom and Bob, from behind. But it was too late ! The width of the footpath was insufficient for the turning to be performed. The off wheel had got over the precipice about a hair's breadth or thereby. "Hold on hard, Jem !" But, "Jem" might as well have tried to arrest the descent of an avalanche, once fairly started, or "hold on" by the sea foam to prevent the tide going down. The horse tried well to retrieve matters, but, alas ! at every strain the wheel only sidled the faster downwards, till, in a few seconds, the load of hay, horse, waggon, and all, went over out of sight, sheer into the sinking abyss. The council and its surveyor seem as if de- termined to keep these monstrous ditches gaping open till the ghosts of persons perishing therein terrify them into ordering their being filled up. When one asks what ever do they at all mean, and is shown the trifling nuisance, to re- move which was the ostensible motive for their excavation, it seems the very acme and triumph of all blundering ! Neighbors without the city say, tauntingly, that "the cows laid out Boston." "Very well, replies Emerson, " there are worse sur- veyors." Perhaps Beechworth would hardly dispute it ! No corpses have as yet been found, but several persons are known to have tumbled into these abominable moats, to the jeopardy of their lives. Would they had been every one of them councillors ! Depend upon it, they should hallo pretty loud, and take on pretty freely of the filth which they have created, before any of the residents of the street would help them out. "Serves 'em right" is all the condolence to be expected when the desirable occa- sion arrives. — O. and M. Advertiser, August 8. SINGULAR ROBBERY OF NUGGETS. — Some seven or eight years back Mr Louis, well known as a banker, at Yackandandah, was robbed of some gold nuggets which he had brought from California. Mr Louis suspected that they were abstracted from his pos- session by a Chinaman who was in his employ at the time as a gardener, but was unable to prove the fact. However he noticed that the Chinaman had been digging one particular part of the garden after the nuggets were missed and therefore kept a strict look out for that piece of ground, always digging it up himself when necessary. His care was rewarded a few days ago by two specimens turning up on the spade, and the next day a nice nugget weighing be- tween two and three ounces came to light. Strange to say, Mr Louis has dug up this ground season after season, ever since the robbery was committed, and though always on the look out, the nuggets could not be discovered. — O. and M. Advertiser, August 11. CHILDREN LOST IN THE BUSH. — Four boys, the oldest ten or eleven years of age, the youngest about four, children of residents at Reid's Creek, were missed from that place on Saturday. They had left their homes about ten in the morning, and when it began to be understood that they were absent a good deal of excitment prevailed. About thirty persons, on foot and horseback, started in search, but did not succeed in finding the little unfortunates until Sun- day, at noon, when the smallest child was in so ex- hausted a state as to be unable to walk any further. They were then close to Garlick's fence, on the Deep Creek, about ten miles from home, but must have walked much more. They had nothing to eat for eight and twenty hours, but the elder boy had managed to keep them together, and sheltered them at night in a deserted hut. The weather during part of the time was very bad, and it is only won- derful that the younger children lived through the hardship. A shepherd had met them on Saturday afternoon, but, instead of putting them on the road, merely pointed out their direction. — O. and M. Ad- vertiser, August 16. CAPTAIN MATTHEW PRICE, AN INSOLVENT. — We understand that the above gentleman, who was for some years resident police magistrate at Beech- worth, has been confined in prison at Dunedin, New Zealand. When Mr Price left this part he was in- debted a large sum of money to a tradesman in the town, for which a composition of ten shillings in the pound was accepted by the creditor. The cash not being forthcoming, legal proceedings were instituted for its recovery, a course which has resulted in the arrest of Mr Price for debt, and that gentleman filing his schedule in the insolvent court. — O. and M. Advertiser, August 16. BUSHRANGING. — On Saturday evening last two men on horseback, armed with revolvers, stuck up a Chinese hut on the Black Dog Creek (Chinese gardens). They took some money and about 1 oz of gold. Later in the evening a man named Step was coming from the Barambogie Reef to Chiltern when he was stuck up, it is supposed by the some parties on horseback. They presented their re- volvers, searched Step, made him drink some brandy, asked him why his brother was not com- ing down with the gold, and took a saddle belong- ing to James Parish from Step, then bid him good night. Mr Parish, hearing his saddle was gone, followed in pursuit, overtook the bushrangers, and challenged anyone of them to dismount and fight him for the saddle. This honor the bushrangers declined, and Mr Parish had to return minus his saddle. The police are busily engaged in pursuit, but up to the time of sending off this, no clue has been found to their whereabouts. — Chiltern Corres- pondent O. and M. Advertiser, August 16. 