TO VOLUNTEERS. Attention there, and stand at ease ! That is the order of the day ; And so we hope you'l! pay attention To some few things we're going to say. . Di n't think t>< cause we're at your drill That we must nerris ..dmire The proud, couc iud, strutting gait -Some volunteeis orquire. You talk of ladies' crinoline, Say we monopolise the path ; So will a rifle volunteer, Though he's as thin as any lath. .You make ns step into tbe mud, If we but meet you in the street. And rudely stare at every girl That in your march jou chance to meet. At least, when yon're in uniform, So perhaps 'tis regulation. At any rate we hope to see A thorough reformation. Parade aud drill are household words ; In short, they're all the rage : Y<>u hear them on the lips of all, No matter what their age. If now you stay away from home, Of course its all parade, And, taken in its proper light, That's all, we're much afraid, We own 'twas for parade yon joined, But we leave out the drill. And think if you'd make less parade, We'd like like it better stilL Auother pet has come to light, Youtaill it regulation ; We fi&pe; 'twill not^iike routine, prove, The bugbear uf the nation. 'Tis regulation this aud that, Caps and coats, and gaiters, 'lis regulation everywhere. Where are the regulators ? You go to drill, or where you will, But let us do the same ; And don't declare we're eveiywhere, And thiuk it quite a shame. Of course we don't wish for parade, Not yet to bear a rifle ; Though if our country needed aid, We'd not stand for a trifle. We'd volunteer to nurse the sick, As we have done before, Aud really think e'eo volunteers Could ask for notliiug more. We hope that you'll take our advice, Nor need the dose repeated, Then, should a foreign foe oian come, You'd uever be defeated. Head-quarters, Belle Vue House. THE Singleton (N. S. Wales) mail has been stopped at Grasstree-hill, six miles south of Musswellbrook, by three mounted and armed men. Only one passenger was in the coach, and a few shillings were takeu from him aud restored. Tweuty mail bags were cut open and plundered. The driver gathered up the residue of the letters, aud went on to Siugletuu. All the mouuted police iu the district went iu pursuit The body of Cjllville has been found with deep gashes in the neck. It was lying outside a tent ou Pyramid Creek, Tamboora (N. S. Wales.) The murderer is unknown. A NEW SPECTRAT. ILLUSION.—Mr J. Maurice in a letter to the Morning Post, says:—" Will you permit me to describe a means whereby apparently living beings of lilliputian size, but with life-like proportions aud characteristics, may be made to appear and act even in concert with real persoas ou the same stage i As the means invented by Dircks, and subsequently improved by Silvester, for producing lile-sizea spectral figures are now generally known, it -will suffice to state that the lilliputiau ghost may le produced by—1st, The substitution ot a convex for either the plain transparent or silvered mirror, as at present used; 2nd, By interposing a suitable diminishing lens between the spectreproducing otject or silvered mirror aud the trausparent one. The same means wilfallow the phantom images to be enlarged or diminished at will, and faithfully portray some |of those marvellous scenes iu "Gulliver's Travels" aad other tales that have so amused our childhood and youth. COLONIAL DEFENCES.—By advices received by the mail, the mi.itary au.horities are informed that the Home Government are willing to send to this colony, and probably pay portion of the cost of six 40-pounder Armstrong guns, with travelling aud naval carriages. These, on arrival, will be distributed as follows :—two in the batteries at Sandridge, two at Williamstown, and two for the defence of the harbor at Geelong. A battery of 12-pounder Armstrong gnns is also on the way out, to replace those purchased by the New Zealand Government LYING DOWN TO DIE.—A prospecting party to the Bear River, in British Columbia, reports that while on their way down the river they saw a shirt and a handkerchief hanging to a bush, and upon proceeding to the spot were surprised and grieved to fiud lying beneath it the dead body of a white man, wrapped in a blanket and its head pillowed on a log. The body was in an advanced stage of decomposition and near at hand lay a tin cup, on which were scratched these words :—-"Donald Muuro, lost in the wood ; is from Inverness, Scotland ; born in June, 1825." Finding death inevitable, the deceased before lying down to die, had scrawled these lines probably with a pin. MATMMONIALLY INCLINED.- An extraordinary case has lately been under investigation before the police at Woolwich, in which a man named John Ogden, a bombardier in the Royal Artillery, was accused of stealing sundry articles of household goods from Reuben Cox, a painter in the Royal Arsenal. The stolen furniture was discovered in an apartment in William-street, Woolwich, occupied by the accused and Cox's wife, who were provided with a certificate of marriage celebrated two days previously in the adjoining parish of Plumpstead. The police, acting on their instructions, took possession of the property, and have since recovered certificates and ample proof showing that four men with whom the woman has entered into the contract of -marriage are actually living. The case under investigation is not the only one, it appeagL in which the woman has decamped vratKonae'ffian's furniture arid has married another. It isalsolproved that she lived as the wife of a fifth manfor some years between die dates of tbe first and second certificates, and kept a coffee-house at Barking. The certificates in the hands of' the' police constable who has charge of the case, are as follows:—No 1, certificate of marriage celebrated between Joseph Outer and Rebecca Scarborough, at the church of St Mary, Stratford, on the 19th December, 1842; No 2, between George James Wellington and Rebecca Scarborough, at Poplar, 29th of May, 1856; No 3, between Samuel Cox and Rebecca Wellington, (widow), also at Poplar, 7th of November, 1859; No 4, between John 0«den and Rebecca Scarborough, spinster, at 1st Margaret's Church, Plumstead, 6th January, 1864. When informed of the many proofs of her delinquencies, she replied; "that when she had done her bit of 1 imprisonment she had no fear of setting another husband or two to comfort her." BET yx) TOT.'—A somewhat notorious canal-boat runner, some years ago, on the Mohawk, laid a wager that he could throw a halfwitted, blustering follow clear across that narrow river. The bet was taken and thestakes placed in fh« holder> hands. A large crowd went toeee the -performance! 1 The wag; with composing eared the man by the nape «if his neck and tbe ^ Black^ 'of bis^ree-ches, and pitched JumUheadlong about six feet into the river. ' He came but pnffing *ud blowiug like a porpoise, and sputtered out ^ you've .lost your bet 1"—" Not by a jugful !" replied ' liis tormentor ; "I only want to get tbe '-heft* of yon, • 131 £hrow. yon: all day but; what Til set over J WSien lbtst,Ibetto urn were " drawn." 