NEW SOUTH WALES. (From the S ML Herald of the 12th inst.) THE LATE «EV. JOHN ALLEN MANTON. The remains of the Rev. John Allen Manton were interred in the Wesleyan cemetery, l'arrainatta, on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Mnnton wa9 one of the oldest Wcsleyan ministers ia the Australian colonies, and bib piety, ability, and devotion have endeared his name to that de nomination. Mr. Man ton was held in the highest estimation, and it need hardly bo said that his death is deeply deplored, more especially by the members of his own com mumoa. The deceased gentleman came to the colony in the year 1831, and after labouring for a year or two at Parramatta, he was stationed in Tasmania. Mr. Manton's minis trations at Macquarie Harbour, a settlement on the western coast of the island, and at Port Arthur, on the southern coast, were attended with the most gratifying and suc cessful results. For many years Mr. Manton was the president of Horton College, a training estab lishment m tlie interior of the is land, which he organised and brought to a very prosperous ma turity. About five years ago Mr. Manton returned to this colony, and took charge of the Newington Collegiate institution from its initia tion. He rendered important aud valuable service to the Wesleyan Church in these colonies in the for mation and direction of those educa tional establishments. Mr. Manton became seriously unwell about six months ago, and he died at half-past five o'clock on Friday morning of dropsy supervening on disease of the heart The deceased was in tho fifty-eight year of his age and the thirty- fifth of his ministry. After a short service, conducted at Newing ton, on Saturday, the funeral pro cession left for Parraraatta about two o'clock, and arrived at the chapel at half-past three. The cof fin having been carried into the chapel, portions of the burial ser vice were read by the Rev, S. Ra bone, prayer being offered by the Rev. G. Hurst. The Rev. R. Mansfield delivered a brief address on the occasion, which he said was one peculiarly touching to his feel ings, as it was deeply impressive on the hearts of his hearers. Thirty three years ago it was his privilege to number the departed among his choicest friends, and throughout that long interval all that he had seen and heard and known of his departed brother had but served to confirm the prepossessions which the earliest moment of their ac quaintance produced, to deepen his heart's love for him, aud to raise him still higher in his esteem and respect. In the strictest and noblest sense of the term, without adulation, he was a good man, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost. Did it not seem a mysterious pro vidence that in his riper years, when all his mental and moral powers seemed to have reached their fullest vigour — when he was called to occupy an important sphere— that at that critical period in his in teresting history, the last enemy should be permitted to lay hold of him and drag him down to the silent mansions of the dead ? For him to live undoubtedly was Christ, and for him to die was rich super lative gain. OB1T0AUT NOTICE. We find the following remarkable obituary notice in the S. M. Herald of the 13th instant:— CALLED AMONG THE BLESSED. On Friday last a large concourse of citizens followed to the grave the remains of Sarah, a bright little daughter of Mr. John Solomon, after but a few days' sickness, the spirit of the little earth-angel passed from all that held it dear among mortals, to that cchol»,es shore where dwell the chosen of Him who giveth and who takcth away. Since writing the above the bereaved parents again bow down their heads and hearts to the will of the Most High, another, the second daughter, departed to join her sUter with the angels' band. MOBE BUSnnAKGING. Once more the cry of bushrang ing in these districts is raised, and again it ha9 been exemplified how cavalier is the treatment meted out to the knights of the road in. Queensland. Some time back, a loafing vagabond called at Mr An derson's public-house, at Herbert's Creek, and (no particular attention being paid to him) managed to pil fer from the box of one of the do mestics, a bank deposit receipt for £12. He then stole off on a horse belonging to Mr Tcague, supplying himself with a saddle, bridle, *&c.; the properly of Mr Nolan. For 3 weeks, during which intelligence of these robberies was circulated, the liief did not re-appear, but on Saturday Itwt, ho rode into Mr Phillip Hardy's house — the Shearers Arms, at Kuebsworth — und ex claiming that he was Ben Hall, bouncingly fired three or four shoU on'. Mr Hardy, watching his op- | portunity, administered a leaden . pill to the rear of the soi-dhunt Mr' Hall, nnd th-J latter falling down I was instantaneously collared by a ) couple of men in the bar and placed in a room, the door of which was duly locked. Mr Hardy and the others then went out to look for their horses, but upon their return found that the bird had flown. In telligence of the outrage was brought to town on Sunday uight by Mr Fyfe, and transmitted at once to the Sub-Inspector of Police, who lost no time in. acting thereon. Mr Teague'a horse was recognised by Mr Hardy directly the man drew up at the door, and if further elucidation of the ideality of the man with tlie person who committed tho robbery at Mr Anderson's were wanting, ample proof was found in the discovery on his person, when first secured, of the £12 bank re ceipt before alluded to. — ' ftock hampton Bulletin. AUWIVAL Or THE ESCOHT. The Peak Downs Escort, consist ing of six men, under charge of ser geant Kelly, reached town yester day — the trip from Clermont having occupied ten days. Sergeant Kelly alleges tiiat the slow progress made was owing to the party being pro vided with one set of horses only, and the scarcity of feed on the road. Tlie amount of gold brought down is 1920 ozs. 4 dwts. 12 grs., 1510 oxs. of which are cousigued direct to tho Australian Joint Stock Bank by the acting manager of the Cler mont Branch. — l- Bockbampton Bulletin,' Sent. 6. 