&«MtllO-9S.. Fiomthe C'oinhiU 'Magazine for Jaiuiatrj 18(jJ.) j Tiir. piciiclier — lie is- usually y«uii}« — mounts tlie jiiiliiit.L-Vi'ry. luiir in avery'cttrl, mid every motion ©f iwml or eyes, being amitlgcdv with a view to rifrc'. ilu|tlion begins; gets hivmi^h the hymns, f-mtmini-reiidi'-HS, unil pl'iiyur, ami buckles to . fur the grand acliievcnienl— t.lffi sei'inon. It has'; .. it text ourtuinly, und he delivuri's it with energy; ? then bursts into -Si continnous strcum of InngUiigu. - IMure Jiinpflngu— not,liin« Wore; ti fairiifjo of siiiiilics, epithets, adjectives, quasis'ililoquies.'iind . i;ccttery pictures, what daubs tiny tire!). lii!ii|eiltiigutln:rinuni'(innpctcu coniuston; sentence jifrer scnten'ce threaded on, bearing not the slightest relatibn to each oihtlv or to the text And often, though beaded aith a text, it is scarcely a rcligioU3 iliscnuise at all, but a string of senti mental nonsen e, into which is dragged, for illustration or embellishment, every conceiv;ili)e subject in art. literature, or tuieuee, with which the yonng'in.ii) is acquaint' d. At last lio stops, v.ijius his dump brow, nnd sits down, congratulat ing himte'.f, and deluding u portion of his hearers, that he haB.preiiclicd u very ' powerful' sermon. And by a 'seiies- of such, be will wry likely ' lead captive sillj' women,' and beconic for t lie tiaieu I jtojiular pro.icher. | At I lie 'opposite pole of incfiiniency is tho sort of clergyman whom One cmtiiiu, illy finds 'in English cmlntry jiarishcs, wbut-u lie lias li^cn i . located by hereditary influence as the squire's vounsrer brother. sou or nenliew : or bus si-it, Inl down itilo the Church because be was not coil- I sidercil clever enough for any other profession. In the Presbyterian, aud iir-st other forms of uuliturgioal worship, a man must possess a cut Lain amount of original Intent; but in tlie Church of England tulem is not indispensable. Education, is, and corresponding rcliuenieut. Ybu will . rarely fmd the poorest curate, or the richest arid 'dullest/ rector, who is' not, in degree, a gentleman ; but, ir gentleman is not necessarily it clever ninii,' and certainly not a clover preacbcr j nay, sonietiilies; . t|itii e the contrafy. 'YftSi : may get interested in'' Jack the blacksmith with liis wild, unijouth. hursts, ot passionate piety, 'in-' Svbichj like all intensely' Oiiruest thing?) tliet-e is smiiething.p.-ltlieiic, sonic*, thing that at ?times rises almost into poetry 3 lit in the L'cvereud Blank iJlanlc, witli his Oxford or Ci'iinlii'idgc learnings, his unblemished Johnsonian English, and his grayoj decorous, and ?wholly,,! u'uolijL'rtiofliible delivery, you l'leveF get interested at all.' ? You ^ dan but 's) tin -passive ? patience, listening tu those vapid periods. -which: 'compose a moral t ssay ' as mindless and common place 'as ihc. school theme of the; lad of twelve: Yet he writes such, Wdok '. after week, as . a 'duty and necessity; and his cori^fegation'listeh to thein with the same feelin' : ' lle^is 'not niucli of a preachciy to bth sure ; but then lie is^sudh a; ?worthy, man in his parish — a real pastor,: as, God lilcss;thom-!' most of the English country clergy tire, onlyT^would-tliat he were a silent shepherd ! One woiild respect him excotdinglycould lie Qnly. he pi-rsuadc l to con fine himself to Hie district and tho reading-desk, and never mount tho pulpit more. , ' . But there is a class of prenCliers -tfaorc; tryitig even than lie — for they do not leave us, at peace in that lowest deep of' the intense. inane, 'where even the tendcrc'St conscience'is ^satisfied tluit to listen is impossible, aniS 'we take refuge in blissful \- jepose or in thinking 'about ' sonic tliing else^ In these other sermons 'therb is.a degrce oT prehen sion and even accomplishment. Tli'dy ti'so 'to' the level of iniKl tnedioirity. . If hoy are .written well aiid scholarly,1 and delivered with that'quiet gMitlcirianly elocution, 'SVliich, in strong contrast flia SoAtr»ii nui? -Ti'iftli . ]wiii?f. nf cushion-thumping, is the especial characUtistic, of the English clergy. As.to matti-r — there is, : without doubt, a certain substanco in the dis course—a degree of steady .cdrrecteduess : iiiid logical induction ; only, uufortiiiiatcly, all ,tho jiremises are ta'.fen' foi- granted, and all. the nrgu nients wc thiuk' we iiave'sotneliow hea'vd beforc.' 1'lie whole sermon is, in fact,';'notsp. much an clucidation-as an e'spansion '61 the 'text; or else it is .a familiar fragment ! of Uibie stciry , repro- duced withaoiplifications inufumerallcyiimrgi n^i y conversation'3, soliloquicp, and -descriptions-, ? until ?the anecdote is diluted froin its'origin'al Saxon brevity— touching and. beautiful— into'.'d: lpng winded history ~of which everybody knows beginning,: middle,- .and ,cnd— ntorul included ; which is tueked on toHlrc'c'hd'of it' witli remorse Jess accu:acy5 an'd ! Often Avit'li i j'exaggeratcd applications' for:jivhicl^..thorwigin.al, text has not the slightest warrmft. Ihit the good man must say something— and he says it': though at the close ivo cannot 'but 'thiiik be has left his subject j rocisely :wltere l e found it. H'e liad much hetter have read in his .impressive, sonorous voice, the chapter or parable,' and closed the kok. These really extempore preachers, diflerent from tho. pseudo-extcmporo Scotch proachers before descrilftid, arc usually Irish'.'* 'Who except an Irishman p ssesses tliat womtimis gilt oi tlie gab,' that, frothy facility of speech, and that] unfailing confidence in the same, which enables | him io stand lip in-a .pulpit, armed only with. a, pocket bible, and ptittr forth by the hour a stream of disconnected rubbish—clever rubbish 'it may lie — -gilded and fdigrecd over with apt illustra tions, picturesque phraseology, and passionate exclamatory devotion, but still devoid of sub stance, purpose, or argument; a sermon, in, short, which, though it may intc.est for the moment, contains not an atom of truth which the hearer can take hold of, or carry away with him? No doubt it sounded very line at the time, but when lie comes to think it ever, ho cannot in the least Tcniember what it was about — can recall at oeso out a lev. snuy pus ougi-a, ui -a brilliant thought, brilliantly expressed, sticking in a lie-ip of verbiage, like a firefly iu a negro's hiir. ... | But the very lowest of all sermons are 'sensational sermons.-.-. ? ? Many of us know much ; men whom live go to hear and are much entertained by, but, somehow, come away with the involuntary feeling tlmt they have mistaken their vocation, aud that their proper place ought ? to have been before the footlights instead of under the ccclesiasti'o chandelier. An., when, in addition they are not merely actors, but claptrap actors, using all the lower emotions and passiOlis'of men as instruments to produce an eflect, stirring up hatred not only against heresy but heritics ; taking advantage of the eager craving of the terrible — the same which makes children scream with awful delight at ghost stories — to treat grown children with vivid pictures of hell, and threatening of the near approach of the day of judgment : when they use all these elements of excitement to efiVct one grand purpose — their own glorification — do they not deserve the strongest condemnation that tongue or pen can give ? Ay, though crowds may fili their churches exactly as they would the pit of the theatre, and with the same purpose ; though there may bo power, passion, and even genius, in these dis courses; still, it is the misuse of power, the ? prctenco of passion, the prostitution of genius'. Worse than all, it tcachfs men to substitute e'x citenicnt or devout impressions, showy talent for earnestness, and the tickling of the ears for the solemn instruction in righteousness which is an essential -part of the service of God. ' Aiul now let us consider for a moment what a ?sermon ought to be. In its highest sense, a message — the ' glad tidings of good things ' — delivered by a man who believes in all devout ?P humility, that his utmost honor is to be such a mtsje'nger ; w o iu his noblest iiispiiatio'n 'never ! forgfctsjthat. I.u is only a messenger ; the mouth piece of the Divine. Spint, by. whom, as. in. his t constcnitiou vow lie beltevud uild ; dOolm'oil liini- ! ,solf; ho is railed to bu.Ti; oliosen priest., and yet a minister. \ cs, wlfCther, Episcopalian, PttisbyibVimi, or. dissenting Nun conformist, still a, mere; minister.— rlected to fuacli 'iho' laity-,': 'lliat ' lis, , those who are more ignornitV than be ' is iii m'- - scif; what he can; and as inttoli as' 'he vCTrti!*of truth. ''-It lie ^caurt it., atnl ? ktiow's ,'he' cannot, may Heaven have inertly upon him 1 for, I like Ananias, hu has ' liad nut unto nie6, but unto God.'' ' So mueli for tho high ideal of' what a sermon is or oug^t. to be. Beneath this there' ?Uro''1t5 commonplace practical necessities » A- sennoii should be, as its name implies,'. a discourse— like any other discourse eh a secular stibjcct and from it should be exacted tlie'sL'Ine n rjuironients. It si i oil Id have ono clear idea run ning through 'il— all the' better 'if only one— of which its text should be the C'^pondiit'and illus tration ; not, as Tf often ' supposed j'. th'tT sermon being- the illustration of the text. iTifdre is no' commoner or mora fatal mistake' llian ehoosing tin 'accidental. iSid.'ited.' verse, or clituse' in verse, and.building npon it a ' v, 'hide ''superstructure of - theological fantasy — ti'SclifSs' ' and baseless— and which, to-:'aViy clear liiiifd, on carefully 'ex- aming text ahd context, 'is sfiehr'im mediately to 'eruiiiblo into il'ust. 'A; gObdr;preventive of ibis error,' and^aivadmirablo means of elucidating dark5. ! passages of Scripture, is tlie form of preaching' called 'Exposition,' namely, the relidiiig'i.of:ia^ cliapter and expounding it verse by ''verse ; a praetice used and'ciimhiendod by tTio carly Gli'lis ti.ins, and which tnight advauiageously be adopted in mauy: pulpits j'ibw.' ' '' '' ' \ :: ; ' That' ' the sormoh.' to be worth ' anything must bo the outpouring of the preacher's, honest heart to thcrlreai't£tof the^'cungre^ation, tio one. will 'deiiyt itrid';th'is, is the reaB6n'vwh'y- earnestness* however : blended ' with1 Soai'siJneSs, narrowness;: and shali6wncss-of Jurgu.ii'eut, will always -have ?a ceitain pft'wer over certain — nay, over all — audiences. It. is their. earnestness and not their, rant, !tlio true thing- in them aud not the fiilsej which is tlio secret of the great- influence of cmr Spurgeous, and Cttntmings,. and'Guthries; as it .was of.fb'at oi' the Whit field sand. Wealeya 'of the 'ptist geueratibri. The lirs requisite, ' th'Preforc, of a sermon is'b'arnestness-j that tlie congregation slmulrt 'feel without- doubt, that, the preacher means exactly what ho says, and 'teaches what he'himsolf eutirfily believes. NAxt to that, his discourse should, have completeness. It shouhl be a piit'fetjt whble^well 'fitted 'in ^all its parts; every one 'bf- 'which has''been'*''carefully thijught otlt and ;c|early 'arranged. -Not perhaps . in hydra 'heads'. to sixteenthly,' but still artistically (put together, 'in f.iir logical, seque'rtce, Whatever ^opinion lie holds— whatever doctrine Ho 'prefiches ' —he should hitve'tlie faculty of clearly exprcsSi ng it,, clothing it iira plain form oflucid language, so that no 'hefl-er oiin pb'ssibly; mistake his meaning but, whether agreeing or differing, may be able to caTry away a didtinct impression of' the dis course— sjundmatterconveyed in sound words. , Then as to1 the manner.. To any deeply re- . ligious .niintl, oiie fact is Selfco'yideht, as tt'ue as that the real Glittrch is neither lligh, Lb'^v, ' nor,; Broad; Presbyterian nor Episcopalian ; Catholic nor Protestant ; Established nor Nonconformist ?; ? but , the spiritual Church of CliriBt, known t'oliim alone. The highest fort of ii sermon is'woi ora-i tory lIf the inessage be anything-, it is a Divine; message. No 'flowers of rhetoric can exalt, 'and niay igii'ominiously degrade it. Intellecfii.il dig-', iiity of style it'should' have neither common col-, loquialisins, nor slipshod expression-'; but certain' solemn jntlsical 'flow, which springs naturally oiit'' of-'tjie liigh'be&ltty; of' the Subject. That, and no hibrc. The simplest sentences, terse 'and suc cinct— the fowest illustrations— the most .careful avoidtrti'ce of all clap-trap appeals to the. sinti-. ment, fmi/y, oi'-emotioti of the audience^; in fact, ; a' 'stylo .pure, noble, and s6vere'as those discourses which are chronicled in Holy Writ— that is the perfection of a sermon.. 