(Prayer from the Ritual.) 0 Lord Jesus Christ, Son of the living God, who art true Und Almighty, the splendor Mid image of thy eternal Father, and life eternal, who art the corner stone cat out from the mountaiu without hands ; and tlieunubaiigeablefoundation ; confirm this stone laid in Thy name ; and do Thou, wbo art the beginning and the cud, in which beginning God the Father from the commencement created all tbiugs, do Thou, we beseech tbee, be the beginning and the increase, and the consummation of this Thy work, which is begun to the just praise and glory of Thy name : wbo with the Father, and the Holy Ghost, livest and neignest God, world without cud, Amen. N.B, — This Church will be raised for the glory of Almighty God, solely by the free offerings of generous Christians. The Bishop said, bad the weather been more favorable, he intended to have addressed the people assembled at greater lengxu, but he felt that he would not be justified, under the cir cumstances, in detaining them there one moment longer thun was necessary to complete the ceremony. In con dition, he must express his gratifica tion at the orderly and pious demeanor of every person present. He then pro jwunped p pojemn benediction, and followed by bis Clergy, he returned to the ? 'happ.l, singing the (-Laudate.' The band played the National An them, and then proceeiied up Elizabeth street, followed by the juvenile portion of the assemblage ; tint others seemed in no haste to movenvvay, but rcmiiitml ranking enn/iiries of each other about portions of the ceremony which tuey did not understand. Members of every roligons denomina tion in the community were present, nnd lmd the day been fine the number K-milil no doubt buve been trebled. Many who arrived in Town on Wed* nesday (or the purpose of beinv present had been compelled to return home the same day, and could not return the next. The amount of the offerings on the stone was much decreased from this cause. The Rev. Dr. Butler entertained the Bishop and Clergy and a select party of friends at an early dinner, a' bis resi dence, and this terminated the proceed ings in connection with the laying of the corner stone of the new church. 