THE PROVIDENT INSTITUTE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-As the time is fast approaching when the shareholders of the Provident Institute are to be called upon to make good the deficiency in that estate, permit me, as a depositor, and loser to a considerable amount, to record my protest in your columns against the course which I understand is to be pursued in the winding-up of this affair. Some weeks ago a list of shareholders, past and present, was published in your paper, and notice given that a call should be made upon them to make up the deficiency. Since that time, a meeting of depositors has been held, to decide what course should be pursued as to prosecuting the shareholders. 1 attended the first two meetings of depositors after the stoppage of the bank; and on endeavouring to explain a conciliatory method by which I thought the affairs of the estate might be arranged by all parties concerned, I was hooted down on both occasions, and no one was listened to but those who went the greatest length against the directors and shareholders. I was so disgusted with the proceedings that I have never attended a meeting of depositors Since, and have patiently waited the course of events and thankfully taken my dividends when they became payable I learn that at this last meeting this same spirit prevailed, and that we are now in danger of more of our money being applied to litigious purposes, to gratify the few who seem to have succeeded in getting the management of this affair into their own hands. I find, on a careful examination of the list of shareholders, that all the large shareholders or any men of note who ever held shores have either left the colony or have been insolvent since the failure, and therefore I presume that from them nothing can be claimed. Others have the misfortune to be depositors as well as shareholders, and may fairly be supposed not to be in positions to pay any claims we may make upon them. I find some small holders, of ten and twenty shares, are poor hard-working men, who at the present are barely earning a living, and what can be expected from them must of necessity be very small indeed. Most of them are also depositors, and consequently have lost the few pounds they once possessed. Any shareholders who may have been possessed of any property have had nearly eighteen months allowed them to dispose of or other - vise secure their property, and have, no doubt, profited by the liberal day of grace allowed them. Now, Sir, If by law these men were liable, why were not Steps taken long ago to test that liability, and to restrain them from making away with what they possessed ? I am afraid that we are now lock- ing the stable when the horse has been stolen. If any shareholders have the means to contribute to the deficiency, let steps be taken to make them do so ; but what I, in common with many others, object to is, applying the funds in the estate in useless prosecutions, the only effect of which will be to drive all these men into the Insolvent Court a course which will only benefit the few interested parties who have fattened on the estate. and whose benefit it is to create as much litiga- tion as possible. The schedules. I suppose, will be filed as under Liabilities, £100,000 (or whatever may be the deficiency in the Provident Institute estate) ; assets, nil! Again, Sir, I see that this Depositors'Com- mittee (appointed by a few are ready to accept proposals for compromise from shareholders. I should like to know where they got authority for so doing? If I am rightly informed, I, a! a depositor, can SUB any shareholder, if I think fit. If so, how can they effect any compromise ? I really think, Sir, that much time has been unnecessarily wasted in the winding-up of this estate, and I am sure the great majority of depositors will be thankful when the matter is finally settled. Trusting that this wished-for period is not far distant, and that no more of our money shall be spent in useless litigation, I remain, Sir, yours respectfully DEPOSITOR. Melbourne, 'Jan. 19. PRIDE IN FOWLS. Fowls have plenty of vanity and pride, They are very sensible to admiration it one man, and miss accustomed notice. A prize bird knows itself. The queen of the poultry-yard must eat first, and stand by the king at feeding time. She resists any invasion upon her rights, and will have a 1 precedence in all things. Indeed, precedence in the court-yard seems as valued as at earthly courts. Age and priority of residence in the yard, not less than size and strength, constitute right to precedence. No dowager over treated young class of girls more contemptuously than the senior hen treats her juniors. One has heard of a Swiss cow which died of vexation when her bell was taken from her. So did a hen of mine, long mistress of the poultry-yard, die of smothered pride when a new queen-hen, partner to a new king (o pair I bought of a poultry show), came into my enclosure. The rival queens eyed each other for a moment stedfastly, then rushed to the combat. The new comer, though the old hen fought bravely, was the stronger. Mrs. Mercury, as we called the old hen from the wing-like feathering on her legs, never attempted to try her chance again, succumbed in a melancholy manner, and, after a few days' morning, gave up the ghost.-' Cocks and Hens, in All the Year Round. A GENTLEMAN, in advertising for a wife, says-The would be well if the lady were possessed of a competency sufficient to secure : er against excessive grief, In case of accident occurring to her companion." 