The Tyrone Ghobt Sronr. Lord Tyrone end Lndy Bcresford were bora in Dublin. They were left orphans ia their infancy to the tare of the name person, who brought them up in the principles of Deism. Their guardian dying when they were about fourteen, they fell into very different hands, and every means was tried to convince them of tbe truth of revealed religion, but in vain. Though separated, their mutual affection remained unalterable. Af-er tome years they made a aolemn vow to each otmr, roar woic&ever; enouia aienrsi, wouia tu per* mittcd by. the Almighty) appear to the other and declare what religion was most approved by God. Lady Bereaford shortly after married Sir Martin Bercsford. One morning fiho- came down unusually pale with a black ribbon round her wrist. Sir Martin asked whether she was ill, and whether she had api&incd; her wrist :ehe replied she was well, and con jured him never to inquire the cause of her wearing the ribbon. She expressed anxiety for tbe arrival of tic post. Sir Martin aeked whether she expected letters. She said she expected to hear that Lord Tyrone was dead ; that he died last Tuesday &t; f«mr o'clock. Sir Martin tried to comfort her, and assured her she wae deceived by some idle dream. The letter atrived conveying the intelligence of Lord Tyrone's death, which had happened at the precise time Lady Btresford had specified. bhe then informed- Sir* Martin that she had to announce to him that she should shortly give him a con, an event be b&d; long and ardently desired. In some months Lady Beresford was delivered of a eon she had before given birth to two daugh ters. Sir Martin survived this event but four . . n.. A ftn*. itnetii T.bi?v Hevoefiirr? ah, if herself very much up, she visited no family but that of the clergyman of the village. Ilifl family consisted of himself, Iub wife, ond a son, who, at the time of Sir Mania'B death, was quite a boy ; to this son, however, Bhc-w&s; in a lew years married. He behaved to her in the most scandalous manner. After having given birth to two daughters, Lady Beresford insisted on a separ ation frcm her profligate husband. After a few years she was induced by bis entreaties to pardon and once more live with him, and in time became tbe mother of another son. The day ahe had lain in a month, she sent for Lady Betty Cobb, her intimate friend, request ing her and a few friends to spend the day with her, as it v&b; her birthday ; among others, was the clergy man by whom she waB baptized. Having observed that she was forty-eight ibat day, tbe clergyman assured her she was only forty-seven ; telling her he had had frequent disputes with her mother on the subject, and had a few days before searched the re gister, which proved him to be right and her only fort) -st veil instead of forty eight. ' You have signed my death warrant,' said she, and requested the com pany to leave her, as she had many things to settle before she died. She requested that Lady Betty Cobb and her son by Sir Martin (who was about twelve years eld), would come to her, as she had something to cf mmucic&te; to them. 'When the attendants were withdrawn, she said, 'I | have something to communicate to you both before I . die, a period which is not far distant. You, Lady Betty, are no stranger to the friendship which always 6uotisted between Lord Tyrone and myself; we were educated under the same roof, and in the same princi ples of Deism. 'When my friends afterwards tried to peisuade us to embrace the revealed religion, their arguments, though insufficient to convince, had power to stflgger our former faith. In this perplexing state of doubt, we made a vow to each other that whichever died first should (if permitted) appear to the other and declare what religion was most acceptable to the Almightv. Accordingly, while Sir Martin and I were asleep, I woke suddenly and found Lord Tyrone silting by tl.e bed-aide. Iecreamed, and endeavoured to wake Sir Martin. 'For Heaven's sake,' said I, 'by what mcai'S, or for what purpose, came you here at this time of night r* 4 Have you forgot your promise ' said to ; ' I died last Tuesday, at four o'clock, and have been permitted by the Supreme Being to appear to you to assure you that revealed religion is the only true faith and the only means by which we can be B&v-d.; I am further suffered to inform, you that you are with child of a son who 6hall marry my daughter. Hot many years after his birth, Sir Martin will die ; you will be married again to a man whose ill conduct will make you miserable ; you will bring hiaa two daughters and afterwards a son, in childbed of whom you will die in the forty-seventh year of your age.' * Just Heaven !' I exclaimed, 'and cannot I pre -eui tuu : u iiuuuuicuij ^wu utuji o»iu -«?, ;wi* are s free agent, and may prevent tMs by resisting' every temptation to a second marriage ; but tbe p se rious are strong ; liiiherto you have bad no trials ; you know not their power. More I am not permitted to say ; but if, after thiB warning, you persist in your infidelity, your lot in another world would be miser able indeed.' ? May I not ask,' said I, ' if you are happy r ' ' Had I been otherwise, I should not have been permitted to appear to you.' *1 may infer then that you are happy ; when the morning comes, how shall 1 bo convinced that your appearance has been real, and not the phBntom of imagination : ' — ' Will not the news of my death be sufficient to convince you : ' ' No,' returned I, ' I might have had such a dream, and that dream by accident come to pass. I wi.h to have tome stronger proof of its reality.' ' Y'ou shall,' said he ; then waving his hand, the bed curtains, which were ef crimson velvet, were instantly drawn through a large hook of ivory, by which the tester of the bed, which was of an OTal form, was sus pended. 'In that,' said he, 'you can't be mistaken ; mo moital arm could have done this.' ' But we are sleeping, and people have much greater strength then than when awake. I may fancy I have done it in my sleep. I shall still doubt.' ' You have a pocket book, on the leaves of which I will write ; you know my handwriting.' He wrote. ' Still,' said I, ' I may in the morning have my doubts ; though waking I cannot mistake your hand-writing; sleeping I may.' 'Y'ou are hard of belief. I must not touch jou;'it would injure you irreparably ; it is not for spirits to touch mortal flesh/ ' I do not regard a slight blemish.' ' You are a woman of courage, hold out your hand.' I did ; he touched my wrist ; his hand wss cold as marble. In an inBtant the sinews shrank up, every nerve withdrew. ' Now,' said he ' while you live, let no mortal eye benold tbat wrist ; to see it would be sacrilege.' lie stopped : I turned to him again ; he was gone. During the time I conversed with him, my thoughts were perfectly calm and col lected; but the moment he was gone, I felt chilled with hotTor ; the bed trembled under me I endea voured to wake Sir Martin, but in vain. In this s'ate of horror and agitation, I lay for seme time ; when a shower of tears coming to my teiief, I dropped asleep. ' In the morning Sir Martin arose as usual without perceiving the situation in which the curtain re mained. YVhtn I awoke, I found Sir Martin already gone. I went into the gallery adjoining our apartment, and took from thence a very large broom used for sweeping the cornices ; by the help of this, though not without difficulty, I took down the curtain, as I ima gined this extraordinary appearance would excite en quiries among the servants which I wished to avoid. I then went to my bureau, locked up the pocket-book, and took out some black ribbon, which I bound round | my wrist. 'When I came down, the agitation of my I mind had left an impression on my countenance too 1 strong to pass unnoticed by Sir Martin. He enquired : the cause of my visible disorder. I told him I was ' w ell, but informed bim that Lord Tyrone was no more ; i at the same time entreated him to drop all enquiries { uuoui tnc uiucK riDUun ruunu jhj wust. tie Kinury desisted from all importunity, nor did he ever after : enquire tbe cause. Ycu vfere born, my ton, as had ! been foretold, and four years after your cver-to-be 1 lamented father expired in my arms, | 'After this melancholy event, I determined, as the i only means by which I might avoid the dreadful event ; of the prediction, for ever to abandon society, and pass 1 the remainder cf my days in solitude ; but few can j endure to exist long in a otate of perfect sequestration, | I commenced an intercourse with one family only, nor j could I foresee tbe fatal consequences that afterwards ensued. Little did I imagine that their son, their only son, was the person intended by fate for my undoing. In a few years I ceased to regard him with indifference ; I endeavoured by every means to con quer a passion the fatal consequences of which, if ever I should yield to its impulse, were too well known; and I fondly imagined I had overcome its influence, when the event of one fatBl moment under mined my fortitude, and plunged me into that abyss I had so long determined to shun. ' He had frequently solicited h-fi parents for leave to go into the army, and at length obtained their per mission. He came to bid me fire well before his departure : the moment he entered the room he fell on Mb knees at my feet, told me he was miserable and that I alone was the cause. At that instant my fortitude forsook me. I gave myself up for lost, and considered my fate as inevitable ; end without further hesitation consented to a union, the result of wluch I knew to be misery, and its end death. After a few years were passed, the conduct of my husband amply warranted my demand ot a separation, and I hoped by this step to avoid the fetal accomplishment of the prophecy ; but, won over by his atrong entreaty, I was prevailed on to pardon and cnee more to reside 9 nuh him, though not till after I had, as I imagined, ? parsed my foriy-seventh year, but I have this dtv j& heard from indisputable authority that I am bnt ?forty- ? seven this day. Of the near approach of my death! ft entertain not the least doubt, but I do not dread its |j. sriivsl : armed wilh the prospects of . Christianity, I. K can meet the King of Terrors without dismay, and' wi'hoiit ateer bid adieu to the regions of mortality. Is for ever. When I am dead, as the necessity of Its !1 concealment cIobos with mv life, I could wish. -that ? i| you, Lady Betty Cobb, would unbind my wrist and 1 take from thenee tbe black ribbon, and let my eon and l| yourself behold my arm.' 1 i Lady Beresford here poured for- some time, but, i renewing the conversatiots, she entreated her aon to j behave eo es to merit the honour-he would in future ' receive from a union with the daughter of Lord il Tjrone. Lady Beresford then expressed ? wish to lie down on the bed, sad endeavour to compose herself to sleep. Lady Betty Cobb and her son called the at- i' tendsnts to watch their mistress, and, should they - observe the slightest change in her, instantly to let y them know. An hour passed ; all was silsnt : ? they ; , listened at the door ; everything was still, but in about half an liour tlie bell rang violently. They flew to - the apartment, but before they reached the door they heard tbe servant exclaim, 'Oh, she ie dead; my ? mistresB ie dead.' Lady Betty oent the aervaats out [ of the room ; ahe approaohed the bed of Lady Beres ford with her son ; he knelt by Ms mother's bedside. Lady Betty lifted up her hand, unbound the black ribbon exactly in tbe Btate Lady Beresford had described,— every sinew slrrank.up, and every nerve . withered. !J N.B. Lady Bcresford's son, as had been predicted, is married to the daaghter of Lord Tyrone : the black ribbon and pocket-book are in tho possession of Lady Betty Cobb in Ireland, or Marlborough Buildings, Bath : who, together with the Tyrone family, will assert its truth, and by whom the above narrative is - stated, and was transcribed at Talierig, on July 24th, 1794, by- the Honorable Mrs. Maitland. (Copy of- a copy taken in 1801.) Real particulars of the preceding story dictated to me by Lady E Butler and Miss Fonsonby (the ladies of Llangollen), who had frequency heard them from , nsny of Lady Beresford'e . and of Mr. Gorges' de scendants, wilh some of whom they are intimately connected and related.* Miss Hamilton, a rich and beautiful heiress, was early married to Sir MartinBeresford : it was sup posed tbat both before and after her marriage she had * been too intimately connected with Lord Tyrone. Some time after her marriBge, in the year 1704, it was agreed that Lord Tjrone, Sir Martin and Lady Beres ford, should pass one Christmas at Colonel Gorges' bouse, called Itilbrew, in the county of Moath. One right, after tbe family wore all retired, Lady Beres ford was surprised to see the door of her chamber open, end Lord Tyrone walked in, dressed in Ms robe dc cf.ambre. She exclaimed, ' Good God, what brings yc.u here at this time of night:' Ee walked up to the bedside and replied, ' I left Corraughmore with an intention of coming here. 1 was taken, ill cn the road, and have just expired. I am * corns to you for the ring which I gave you.' Lady Eciesfnrd, horror-struck, pushed Sir Martin to wake him. ' He cannot wake while I on here,' said Lord Tyrone. ' He will die ; you w ill marry the gentle men of this house ; you will die in childbed of your second son, but you shall see me again , give me the ring.' Lady Beresford, extremely agitated, could uo: im mediately get it off her finger he seized her hand, ar.d ti e ring appeared to her to roll off upon the it or. The nextmorning Lady Beresford tried to per suade herself that tLe whole of ibis scene was the effect of imr ginstion, but on her wrist the found the mark of Lord Tyrone's hand ; eEeh finger left a black mark as if it had been burnt. On a desk which stood near the bed, and on which Lord Tyrone had leant, the same trace of five fiDgsrs was found- That cm Lady Bcresford's wrist never was effaced, and to her dj ing day she wore a black ribbon bracelet to conoeal it' Tbe ring was likewise missing ; nor could it after the most diligent seare h be ever found, though every board of the floor was taken up next day. In the course of time Sir Martin died, and Lady Beresford did many Colonel Gorges. By Sir Martin she had one son, bum iu !C?4 ; by Colonel Gorges, thrae daughters, one of whom married ?- Lord Howth, and another Lord Desart. After these she had a son. Colonel GorgeB, fearing that Mb birth might prey upon her mind, still strongly affected with llie recollection of the vision, persuaded her that her child wae a gitl. She was got so well after her con finement, that the carriage was ordered for her to take the air. Meanwhile, she unfortunately inquired of a housemaid who came into her room, how her child was : the maid replied, ' He is very well.' ' He'. ' said Ladv B. ; 'it is thin a son,' and she burst into tears. Her husband and friend at length succeeded to persuading her that, after having been eo long brought to bed, all danger must be over, and she proceeded to take the air as she had intended. As she was going down stairs, she exclaimed, ' There is Lord Tyrone ; I see him on the landing-place ! ' She fainted, was carried to her bed, and died a few days after. Some years after, in 1717, her Eon, Sir M. Beres ford, married Lady C. de la Poet, the daughter and heiress of Lord Tyrone, and was the grandfather of tlie present Lord Waierford.f * It is amusing to compare tbese two versions, each professing to rest on the 6ame quality of information, and witheqtud preten eioiB to tbe liile of ' real particulars.' The internal evidence, however, is in favour of tbat furnished by the ladies of Llangollen* Tbe 6tory i6 not mentioned by Dr. Ferrier, Dr. Hibbcrt* or Sir Walter Bcott, Mrs. Crowe (-4 Nightside of Nature') merely alludes to it as well known and well authenticated, -r It Ib difficult to reconcile tbe names and dates as stated in i.odgt'6 44 Irish Peerage ' with either of the versions. Acoording to tbi6 authority (confirmed by Burke), Sir Tristram (not Sir Martin) Ecre&ford;, third baronet, born 1G69, married 1687, Nicola Eopbia, your, pest daughter and coheir of Hugh Hamilton, Barton of (ilenawly ; and by ber (who remarried with Lieutenant Oencral Richard Gorges, of Kilbrcw, county of Meath) hod issue one ton, 6ir Marcus, created Earl of Tyrone in 1746, having in 1717 married tbe Lady Catherine Doer, daughter and heir to James Earl of Tyrone, who died in 1704. Sir Tristram died In 1701, three years before Lord Tyrone. The Salmon Experiment in Tasmania,-^ ihe&obarl; Town Mtrcvry of 23id ultimo say b So complete hM tbe cucceoe been with us, that we have now b?en inguood tq vote a sum of money for a second experiment, to be con* tucfed in the same way as was the last. To thle the Legis lature here has been prompted by the desire to have other rivers than the Derwent stocked with salmon, without ? waiting for our own ealmon ova. We ehall thus gain time, and ae we now have on aeeuranoe that the money will not be thrown away, bat will make ample returns for its outlay, tbie step ie everywhere looked upon ae a most judicious one. The eum voted for (hie purpose is £800, and that it ie believed will bo sufficient to cover tbe whole cost. At any rate, we ehall not now have to run the risks we had to encounter in some ot the eArlier etages of one first experiment. Especially gratifying also is it to us to *&y; tbat the Legislature has at length paa6ed a vote of (hanks to Meeere. Money Wfgram and Sons for the use of (heir noble dipper ebip Norfolk, for the construction of an icd'houee in whioh to bring out our last ealmon ova. It it aleo wcrlhy of remembrance that Victoria did something in tbie caee, through the indefatigable exertions of Mr. Edward Wiieon, president of the Acclimatisation Society of Victoria, and that tervicts of this kind should not be over looked. Political.— A return just laid cpon the (able of the Legislative Council of South Aostralia shews that the total number of electors for that body registered at tbe eourts of revieioc, May, 16G4, was 12,046, and for the Legislative Assembly 20*960, TEi.ic.EArn 6i:utey iu the North.— The Jlockhampton Bulletin of 2!&t; July says We have received some informa tion connected w ith the progress oi telegraph survey to the North that may, as being liable to effect the main route of com munication, afiotd *omo interest to our readers. Our informant ( who if fully qualified to Epcak on the point) alleges that a careful eKE-min&tion; of the oountry disclose* in the clearest possible ninunrr the respective capabilities of the coast and inland routes from Wavcrley, and proves beyond doubt the superiority of the flrsl-mentiont-d line. In proof of tbib, the following tables of dituince may be submitted. By the coast line, trom 6t, Lawrence to Bowcn via Macfcay— thus cmbraoing tbe line ef coast ports now opened— the following are the estimated distances from station to stotion bt. Lawrence to Collaroy, 4D miles ; Collaroy to J5cou?s, 16 miles ; ficoit's to Balls, 87 miles ; Bali's to Greenmount, 18 miles ; Grecnmount to Bowen, 100 miles ; — 211 miles ; Branch from Greenmount to Mack&y;, 14 miles ; total, 22S miles. By tbe inland route, on the other band, viz , St. Lawrence to Oowcn via Fort Cooper, wc reach the 6nme termination by a far more ciicuitoua route, thus Bt. Lawrence to Lotus Creek, 40 miles ; Lotus Crctk to Kmhalln Creek, 23 utiles; Nutballo Creek to Fort Cooper, 60 miles ; Fort Cooper to Bowen, ISO milee— miles; Branch from Fort Cooper to Mack&y;, 65 miles ; total S58 uulcs* Injpoint of distance it will be seen tbat tbe coast line eaves 183 imlc^-or, at say £50 per mile, more than £6000; white in dependently of Ibis pecuniary benefic, the coast liue avoids the difficult ond dangerous Connor's River, by heading its most important branches, The feature survey has already progressed 20 j miles, and the work is being rapidly executed. Mobs Drperdations by the Blacks — Wriung to the i or iHnison limes, on tbe 6th Jnlv, a corrcapondentattheBur dekin eavs :-Lasi 6undav, the Slacks committed another depre dation here, A very large party of them made an attact ou the remnant of the Diamantiua's cargo still lying at the Bluff* three miles below tbe settlement, where it waa landed by the steamer. They emptied about a ton and a-half of flour on the sand, carrying off a small quantity in each bag. They broke oocn cases* of drapery, &«., and toon away a large number of trousers, shirts, socks, and other things. They carried off rice* sugar, and ahecpshears-for tbe latter article they know too well a use. They were eventually driven off by tha num. living at the Bluff, who report them to have been several hundred atrong. Fortunately about forty tons ot the «trgo had been already carted array, leaving but a few tons at the time the depredation was committed. Xt is supposed* from -their oarry*. ing awer the flour— a thing they were never xnown to do before —that there were Bemi-civiliscd blacks among them* uft that from tbe Urge quantity oarried away, they must have had a boat near* as there was no trace of Ine flour for any distance* The settlers turned out in pursuit on Monday* but from the numerous salt-water oreckfl and forests of mangroves, they were unable te catch them up. Tbe natives are known to hare had i wo boats in their possession for some mouths past, 