CITY MISSION. Tit« second annual meeting of the City Mission was held yesterday evening in the Temperance Hall, Pitt street. There was a large attendance, and much inte- rest waa manifested in the proceedings. The chair was taken by Mr. Joseph Thompson. After singing and prByer, The CHAIRMAN observed that the meeting had been called by a public advertisement to re- ceive the reports of the Becrptary and treasurer, icr the post year. This was only the second annuil meeting, but he judged from the assemblage that there wes a deep and growing sympathy for the causs they were met to advance. (Hear, hear. )_ It would ill become him, as chairman of the meeline, to take up much of their time, seeing that names had been placed before him of many gentlemen well able to en- force the claims of the mission. He felc proud of the honour of presiding over such a meeting as this, and confessed that he felt a deep and growing in- terest in the work of city missions. (Cheers.) For I nearly one-third of a century he had been resident in this, whioh he was proud, in common, no doubt, with i many who heard him, to call the metropolis of the Southern eeBB. (Cheers.) He rejoiced when he looked round upon the gigantic warehouses and pala- tial residences of this etty, and remembered the opulence of many of its inhabitant', because this prosperity afforded employment to the artizan, and because those who had erected mansions and thuB obtained an interest 'in [ the soil might naturally be expected to have become endeared to the land of their adoption. (Cheers,) But in the midst of this opulence and grandeur there waa an under current of sin and iniquity which it be- came them as Christian men to endeavour to stop and prevent by every means in their power. (Hear, hear.) He hoped the time would soon come when this land would be not only Christian in name but when those who now inhabited dens of infamy in the purlieus of our city would bow at the name of their Saviour. (Cheers.) To what intent were our churches and chapels raised, and why were their doors thrown wide open but to admit all who choose to come ? Those who heard him, however, were awaie of the perversity of human nature, and knew that men and women sunk in vice and infamy would never enter our places of worship except some one took them kindly by the hand and led them there. (Applause.) All could not go into the lanes and alleys to seek out the distressed, and reclaim the vicious, but they could give their sympathies and their prayers, and by their contributions they could place in the hands of the committee the means whereby men could be employed who were ready to come forward and engage in the woik. (Hear, hfar.) The object of this meeting was to create a deeper and more earnest interest in the noble aims of this mission, and he hoped the people of the colony would give the matter that careful con- sideration it deserved, and help it largely by their contributions. (Cheers.) He would now call upon the secretary to read the report. Mr. SHOHT read the following REPORT. The committee bave now to lay before the subscribers and the rnblic generally, their report of tbo operations of tbo mission during another year, and, in doing so, Uioy would bog the attention of all v\ bo desire tbo well-bung of the city in which we live, to tho strong claims whioh the t-ydncy City Mission has upon their assistance, their sympathy, and thtir prayers. At tbe commencement of the year the society had four agents at work-two malo and two female missionaries-in tho several districts of the city allotted to them. It was felt that this numbir was altogether inadequate for tho work, and did not meet the necessities ot the case, yet the com- mittee have to report, and with much regret they do so, that in tho months of February and March last, they hud to dispense with tho services of tbreo of their agents, and ono only is now employed. The hope exprcBjed in last year's report, that when tho Christian public was mode acr¡uaintrd with the ope- rations of the society, means would bo afforded to possets and profltably work every field presented iu tho different parts of tho city, has not been realised. On tho contrary, the contributions teccived during the >ear have not benn sulhcleut to meet the current expenditure ; and tho society is m debt Notv, lthBtandmg this cause of discouragement, much has been accomplished-much to show the necessity of a mission such as this, and much to call fur an expression of gratitude to God for the good efftcted through the instrumentality of tho agents employed, and thi. committee are still ciiotmrugcd to hope that as the nature of the work, and objects of tho society becomo better known, there -will be no lack of means for tho cmploj mont of rnisBionories. The committco propobo therefore now to give in detail somo illustrations of the nature of the work, and of tho good acconiplithed during the past year. " Ono of the agents mot with a family residing in-street, parents of which were hapless drunkards, 'their vicious courses had led to much temporal distress as well as to spiritual degrada- tion and misery. The missionary persisted in his visitation of these wretched people, in tho midst of much discouragement, but ultimately found great roward in his labour. Both were induced to sign the total abstinence pledge, and it was carefully explained lo them that they mast look to God tho Saviour for strength and salv ation, Great is tho chango now in the position and prospects of that family. The mother soon becamo convinced of sin, and was led to trust in the Saviour; thehuBband became au attendant upon Divino worship, and tho children were Bont to day and Sabbath school, " Mr,-, when first met with by tbo missionary in his rounds, was quito ignorant of Gospel truths. Ho was re- peatedly visiteo, and bodily illness placed him more within the reach of the missionary's instructions than ho would havo boen In health, and be soon gave most satisfactory evidence of that ' repentance not to be repented of.' We have not space hore for tho gracisns expressions of his faith which he uttered to the missionary from timo to time Thoy showed how light had boen sown in his soul by that Divine Spirit respecting whose ornees he bed hitherto been ignorant Jesus was all his hope and all his glory. Just before ho died, he said to the missionary. ' I cannot read my Bible any more, neither can I put myself ia the attitude of prayer, hut thank God my Saviour I can lift up my dying hands to beaven.' This ho did and shortly afterwards fell asleep in Jesus " The following is another case which cannot fail to be gratifying to tho supporters of this society : " Mr.-was by trade a mseon, thirty-sbr years of age. The missionary's acquaintance with bim commoneed by giving him a treat. After a time, becoming afflicted, this man sent for the mis- sionary. Want of caro anil occasional drunkenness had injured, his constitution permanently. The Gospelof the grace of God waa placed before him in ita freeness and fulness, and he draak it with a thirsty heart. So anxious did he become for splrltiial in- struction and Christian BympaUv, that he could scarcely bau the missionary to be absent from him. He said on one occasion,'I know there is hope for ma,' and bye and bye he was enabled to speak of the realisation or Christ's forgiving love. His aflliotlon was attended by exorueiating and long-continued pain at the heart, and he was often unable to lie in his bed. He had a wife, but she was insane, and his five obildrcn were dependent on the compassion of strangers. As death approached, his faith became stronger and stronger in the redeeming love of Christ, He ex- pressed much joy and peace in the Holy Ghost, Bo attached did he become to the missionary that he expressed an earnest desire fui a- mach of bis com puny aa hie other duties would permit In bblaBtniomentB he called his eldest boy, a lad of fourteen, and said, 'Johnny, I'm dying, but Johnny I'm dying and going to lumen. Behave well to your mother and your liltlo brothers andeisura; writo a letter to your grandmother, Johnny, and t"li her I'm dead and gono to heaven thrmigh the blessed Jesus.' 'J hen turning to tbe missionary, he said, Tray with mo; let mo die proying.' Ho had his wish, far whilst they prayed together he (til bock m his chair dead It is pleasing to add that, partly through the missionary'« instrumentality, all the children found bonita amongst pious people. The mother la al Tarban Creek Asylum " 'J he following arc a few cases, briefly extracted from the Jour ral of tht only age nt now employed by the society, which journal conti ins many more, equally Interettiiig instances, of his success- ful lahouts: " Julv 8th -Paw a man (whom I have previously visited), said he had been enlightened and greatly blessed, through reading a tract which I had given to him, called ' Luther on Justification.' Said he found tho full meaning of the uaet in the 14th chapter St. John, and 8th Romans. Wished me to read those chapter» to him. The man has the tractcovcred, and says he will never part with it ?»hile he li\cB " July 11th - Visited twenty-nine families this day. Road and prayed with seven of ih have vifiied before). De told me that ho had ' Christ in his heart, the hope of glory.' He was m great distress of mind, on my previous visit to him WiBhed mt to viele him again. " July )8th - \isited thirteen special cases. Prayed with elevon of them Eight of those families seem to be seeking the Lord. 1 hey »11 attend my prayer meetings in Globe-street; and all attend a place of worship on the Lord's Day. "July 16th,-Visited forty-four families. Road and prayed ?with thirteen of them. Baw two ?women and one man at the poibt of death, but Divine light is shining Into their minds, One v> oman ii> enabled to rest her whole trust on the Saviour. "July 27 -Visited forty families Read and prayed with twelve of them Distributed tracts to several. One woman dying, trust îseiu the Saviour. A man and his wifo took the temperanao pltdge Held a meeting in Glohc-ttrect Ragged bchoolroom, lweity-five persons prcBent. "July 28th -Visited forty-flvo families. Read and prayed with fourteen of them. Several of them took tracts. Rev Mr, Hanley went with mc te-day to visit some of theso miserable families, and to encourage mo in my work. Tho poor woman mentioned in my journal yesterday died this morning trusting in tbe Lord Called at the house and prayed with the hu'hand and other members of tho family. It was a very affecting season, and tho potter uf God was felt in our midst «? October 1st and 2nd As mino ii a largo district, I find it nccefsury to make Bomo special visits occasionally. Have viBited rnnnv special cases the lost two days. Oue woman (whom I have pnviouely visited) le very ill, said she wai made happy by my ri adina, and praying with her Read 55th chapter Isaiah to her, and thewed her the willingness of Jesus to savo her, Sho was enabled to believe and rejoice in Christ as her Saviour, " October 2Gth -Visited 68 families. Read and prayed with 12 of them, facvcral of them took tracts One woman suta I had been made a great blessing to her, for when I llrst Baw hor eho was u very great drunkard, but now she is u total abstainer, and has pot the love of God in her heart. " January iBtto 4th -About 5 weeks since, Baw a man sitting by tho road side. Know him 12 years ago, when he was a mero- in r of a Christian church, and in good pecuniary circumstances Had since been a drunkard, waa nearly naked, and had no home to go to. Spoko to him about his soul. He signed the temperance pledge, haw him to-day, clean, and respectably drestrd. He is now attending Rev Thomas Smith's church If I were to say all I know of this man, it would surprise many. Ho is indeed a brond plucked from tho burning " January Cih -Visited lifty-three families. Road, prayed, and left tructB with several of them Saw a sailor very near death, said ho was ready for the great chango When I first found him, some months ago, ht appeared to be in very great gloom, L_ horted him to read his liible, and Divino light has visited his onco dark mind "January 28th,-Visited fifty-five families Read and prayed with twelve of them Several took tracts. One man, his wife, and five children, took the temperance pledgo. This couple had not livid together for two yea«, fallowed them the evil of living at enmity, and setting so bad an example to their children-it has rctulted in their becoming reconciled This man earns £i per ?wei k, but ho hau not nuppoi ted his family for two years. "Januaty 31st -Sunday-\ieited a miserable hovclut the lower end of G torgc- etreet, v\ here many old people have been accustomed to ret mt, and herd together in a disgusting manner Found only three in the place, the others having been turned out Two of them had been fighting, and had almost killed each other. Found Ibrtt old men, and two old women, lying together, ia an old shed I hud a gentleman with mo, and the Bight wu3 almost more than he could bear. Afterwords went to some of the sailors lodging houses. Asked a sailor if ko hod nut a praying mother, when tío i burst into tears. Prayed with him, and ut porting he could not ajicak fiom emotion "Visited forty-two families. Road and prayed with ten of them, and distributed tract» to several. Pound a young man and woman, and their infuut, with no money, no furniture in their toute, nothing to cat, and Bcarctly anything to wear-said they had been well off in Lngland, the man hud hcLn breaking stones in the street, but not being wed to such hard work, could not cara moro than 10s. per week Ïhey were truly pitiable objects-relieved Hum, for which they were very thankful. Called to seo thom ntxi dny, took them somo articles of clothing, and 3s Gd, which was given tome for them by a friend, who also gave mo 530 tracts, and terne books wrilten by Rev. Newman Hall ~ " March Sid -Visittd some tpccial eases to-day. Went to the funeral < f a man whom I had often visited duriug his illness He dud from cancer m his mouth. I believe he has gone to hcovin. Prayed with tho people who were assembled at his houbt at the funeral, and with tho widow. "March 23th-Visited fifty-eight families; read and prayed with twilv c ot them 1 ho people seem A ery glad to see me ; some i f thim tell mc all their troubles, and say they wish I could come and see tbem oftener One mnn told mo of many cases in which tho Lord bad answered his prayers, said he was glad he had snmo Christian friend to speak to ; prayed together, and were abundantly blessed." These nxiracts, it Is hopod, will make sufficiently plain tho nature of the work undertaken by this sooicty aa they unqueauon ably show tho necessity for such an agency aa thla, to relievo tho moral and spirituol, and even at UmcB the physical, destitution of a large portion of the population. Tho following tabular statement will show in another form the work done by the missionaries : STATISTICS OP MISSIONAMES' LABOUB Number of visits and calls 21,348 A i«its to the sick and dying 1,313 Meetings held 14S Tracts given away 24,174 Number of Scriptures circulated 30 Number of children sent to school SOS Number of adults induced to attend publio worship 348 The bolance sheet Bhowiogtbo receipts and expenditure for the year is appended to this report, and shows a oalonce duo to the iienEurer of í When it is considered that tho agents of this socletv obtain access to localities in the city which would otherwise be ontirely neglected, and find opportunities ef speaking to the fallen, the hardened, and the vicious and visiting tho sick and dying, who would otherwise nev cr hear a word of tho Divine mercy, the im pottancc of their work cannot De over estimated And bearing in mind the difficulties the committee have had to encounter, and tbo limited means placed at their disposal, there is reason to be gratified at what bas already been accomplished, and sufficient to encourage the friei ds of the socitty to help on the work by more liberal contiibuliens and more earnest prayers Our " neighbours ' in the city in which we dwell, bave peculiar and Btrong claims upon our sympathy and efforts, and to relieve their wanta in the way contemplated by this society is a matter whioh should enlist the hearty co operation of all who lore our Lord and siviour Jesus Christ. The committee cannot closo their report without expressing their regret at the loes the mission hassustaincd in tbo departure of the Kev J Eggleston from the colony His valuable services in the formation of the society, and afterwards as one of the score turu«, contributed greatly to its success Mr GOODLET rerd the financial statement. The to al receipts had not amounted to £500 There was a balance due to treasurer of £4.4 Sa lOd , and out star ding accounts, which made the total deficiency £85 Us The Kev J VOLLER moved the first resolution, "lhat the report now read be adopted" He pre- sumed that the adoption by a public meeting of the report of a public institution, was an endorsement by that meeting of the facts and declarations which that reprrt contained It w»s of the first importance, therefore, that such documents should be perfectly 1 oncst and truthful Perhapä with him they might have felt a degree of pam at times m reading reports even of religious institutions, from the conviction pressed upon them that the language employed teemed adapted rather to hide than to reveal the facts No such feeling as that, however, could be posfiibly n'sociated with the report pre- sented to them to-night They might depend upon it that if the committee could have pre- sented a better case they would have done so Apart from the vet) interesting extracts from the journals of the mistionaries, he tnought he might safely say that they could ha\e scarcely pre- sented a worse lins was the second annualm°et nig of the Sydnev City Mission JLvo y»ars ago, about this time, the rmblic were called together for the formation of this institution Many present would remember the flattering circumstances under whiLh they met, and the bright prospects that appeared to be before them of a course of successful action It appeared, however, that before the «econd year had half run its course three of the four missionaries emploj ed by the eociety were obliged to be discharged irom the positive want of means to maintain their services And notwithstanding that reduction the treasurer had announced a deficiency of up v, ard« of £80 i he onl j conclusion to be drawn from this wa?, that the institution was in a rapid decline And if it went on at the same rate during the succeeding twelve mon'hs they would next year have a meeting only to report that the institution had passed away (Cries of "No, no, we wont have it so ' ) He heartily hoped it would not bo so, but if the institution wenc on declining at this rate what was to prevent it ' (Hear, hear ) It rested with the public and with the committee in a vciv high degree, to say whether it should be so or not ile trubted that the circulation of the report would do much towards the prevention of so calamitous n result as the ceosation of the mission, for he should considei such an occurrence nothing short of a dire catastrophe (Heai, hear ) He hoped when this report was read to-morrow morning by many who were not now present, and who had with- held their assistance, tliBt they would feel some com- punction of conscience and show fruits meet for repent- ance m the largeness of thtir contributions (Cheers ) It was certainly nothing to the credit of a city like Sydney, with a population of 80,000 souls, that the contributions to one of the noblest of our in- stitutions amounted to something less than £500 during tha past year. New South Wales seemed to evince great arxiety for its credit m regard to phiian thropy, but this was not the way to sustain that credit The report of this mission would be read wherever the newspaper could carry it, and it seemed to him that our somewhat vaunted liberality would look but sadly under the light- or rather toe shade-of such a statement as this (Hear, hear ) There are many thinking people who estimated the pulre of a community by the attachment they mani- fested tojinetitutions such as the City Mission , and who would say that the criterion of judgment was not a just ané good one, when they looked at the a i nd achievements of such a mission ? (Hear, hear.) . If then, this report was to give to those beyond our borders a true estimate of the sympathy which the people of Sydney had in an institution like_ this, he would say again that he feared our credit would suffer for zeal and philanthropy. (Hear, hear.) True, there would still remain the noble responses which had been made by the people in recent d*ya he meant the response on behalf of the heroes of the Crimea, and that in aid of the operatives of Lan- cashire. These had a record not only upon paper, but in hundreds and thousands of hearts which had been cheered thereby. (Applause.) But what did those things prove side by side with such a document as ihi»} The conclusion would bo that the people of New South Wale were impulsive rather than reflec- tive-that they acted rather from feeling than from principle. They had shown that they were cap iblc of making a worthy response when misery in a gigantic foim presented itself before them ; but by such a docu- ment as this they would appear to shew a melancholy indifference to the wretchedness and vice which, existed around them. It ought not to be forgotten, however, and he made the admission with much gratification, that there were in the city agencies doing the work at which the society aimed although not connected wita it. There were agenta connected with particular churches that were intended, he pre- sumed, to increase the moral power of those churches by whom they were supported, and under whose direction they acted. (Hear, hear.) And it would not, he confessed, vrty much surprise him if the kind of action the society desired should be exerted, took more and more the form of denominational action. Whether this would be a healthy or an unhealthy sign it was not for him at the present moment to stat?. But, how- ever the work was done, in so far as it wras really done, they had cause to rejoice and thank God. (Cheers ) But it was for the society to be up and doing, i-nd to leave no stone unturned to render their work efficient, while at the same time they might bid God speed to those who worked, not with, them, but who did the same work in their own peculiar spheres. There waa in an unsectarian movement a charm for some minds ; and upon all who rejoiced in unsectarianism this institution had peculiar claims for it was thoroughly unsectarian, and embodied in its constitution Chiibtian men of almost every denomi- nation. (Hear, hear.) In the selection of agents, too, he might venture safely to say, on behalf of the committee, that their one object was to find men that I would best do the work required to be done, and that they sent them forth not to minister to denomi- national peculiarities or interests ia any way, but simply to raise the fallen and to take the light of the GoBpcl to those that sit in darkness. (Cheers.) Perhaps the question might be asked by some in regard to the deficiency whether the committee had done all they could to prevent a decline of the funds ? The committee had had the most serious anxiety about this matter. No one had a right to charge another with unfaithfulness in this respect. He had an impression that if a course of action which had been partially adopted had been adopted by the committee fully, they might have had all the money they wanted, and twice as much ; but the thing was hardly practicable, aud indeed, if practicable, scarcely desirable. It was that the gentlemen on the platform Bhould turn beggars and go from door to door asking support for the Syd- ney City Mission ! He thought those present would readily admit that such a labour ought not to be im poted" upon the committee. (Hear, hear.) Were they so tar to reflect on the generosity and liberality of the people of Sydney as to suppose that they would not voluntarily send their subscriptions for such an institution ? No ; what they ought to aim at was, that the voluntary aciion of the people might be stirred up. The cause was holy enough and glorious enough to move the hearts of the people, and he was almost tempted to say that if they would not give voluntarily they did not deserve the honour of being called upon to give at all. (Cheers.) The meeting could have no hesitation in adopting this melancholy report, because it was true. He was sorry j it was true, but would they not form a determination i that this was the last time such a repart should be I presented on any occasion of the kind ? (Cheers.) ' Their responsibility might be placed before them in very few words. Hundreds and thousands of our fellow immortals were wallowing in moral corrup- tion, and sinking in spiritual death. The work to be done was to rescue them. What was required of the people of this city ? Not their tim«-not their effort-but, primarily if not solely, their money. This was ceri ainly the first if not the only thing. It was rt quired m order that others might be sent to do the work which they could not do When they had given of thetr money, and used their influence to induce others to give, then by all means let the committee and ogents have the benefit of their prayers But if (having the roesne) they were not prepaied to give, let them keep their prayers with their money-the society did not want them and God would not accept them It WÍ s no use praying without effort for the salvation ot any man or the success of any society As the Chan men had beautifully remarked, these people viould penah unlesB some brother were found to take them kindly by the hand and lead them to the Saviour of the world lhere were missionaries ready to do this There was the work, and there the men av>aiting to rio it but the society wanted the money to send them If the inhabitants of this city withheld the money, and were content to leave the degraded and vicious m the grasp of the wicked one, he would hold them fast enough, but if they gave their money in aid of this cause they might ex- pect glorious results Many a drunkard would be reclaimed—many a poor prostitute would be restored many a heart would be made glad-many a home would be made happy—many a soul would be saved "What then should they do?-cashier the third or fourth missionary, or bring back the other three, and if prac- ticable, add three or four others to them? (Cheers ) For this matter thej were responsible God was their witness, and he besought them to be faithful as those who had to give an account (Applause ) Mr J CALDWELL, M L A., who seconded the resolution, regretted that the att°ndance of ministers was so unexpectedly small that the resolutions to be moved should hate to be left to laymen He must say he felt much interest m the noble work of this institution, and alwavs felt great pleasure m contri- buting his mite towards forwarding the object it had m view, so that, however feebly hu might second the resolution, he did it heartily In looking lately at the state of the city of Sjdney, he did not conceive that there was enj great reason to f el donn-hearted, not- withstanding that we had a report pointing out much dégradât on, privation and immoralitv m some parts oi it He thought the moral condition of Sydnev v.ould bear a favourable comparison even with that ot I ondon, with its many advantages of noble institutions, and the very large amount of ministerial talent expended upon it At the same time he admitted that there tv as a great deal of spiritual desti tution m Sydney, notwithstanding the large number of ministers and the many noble institutions spread through its length and breadth He v. as sorry, there- fore, to find that the ßociety was obliged to dispense with the services of one of the three missionaries dur- ing the past year, but he did not think the meeting ought to look so gloomily upon the matter as did his rev friend the last speaker It did not show a want of spiritual concern among the churches of the city Perhaps the Denominational influence had been brought to bear upon the question, but e\ en it BO then there was cause to rejoice and be thankful Some Churches who previously did not take eo much inte- rest in the spiritual welfare ot the people had been stirred up to take that interest, and had employed city missions m connection with their own churches, and those miesionanes were now labouring efficiently and successfully m the great work of their Divine Master "Whilst he was disposed to look upon the matter in that light, he admitted, that there was room for this institution to do something further In the amount of good it had accomplished last year we had cause to be thankful that the society was brought into existence It was a striking feature m the report that ought not to be lost sight of by any assembly like this that in most ef the esses referred to drunkenness would be found to be at the root of almost all the crime, the degradation, and misery brought to light He hoped that, as Christian brethren, his hearers would throw all the weight of their influence into the efforts being made to stem this torrent of iniquity in the city Before sitting down, he said he was afraid that m the hurry and bustle of the world, many forgot their individual responsi | bilities as Christian men and women, and left too ' much to be done by institution» like this If the city wa» to be elevated morally and spiritually, UwfiB not to be done altogether by churches or societies, and as Christian men and women, we had no right to cast the work incumbent upon us on to the shoulders of any other agency. We must do the work ourselves, feel our own responsibility, and it was a noble task to visit the poor and destitute and administer a word of comfort and consolation to them in their distress There was m connexion with one church in thia city an agency that he much admired he referred to the Sisters of Charity. He admired the activity and energy with which they moved about among the wretched objects of their care, and he would wish to see many Christian men and women following the example they displayed in zealous charity and energy in elevating the suffering and downcast. The Kev. T. SMITH: (who had but just entered the hall) was called upon'to support the resolution. He said he did not like to sec the same speakers continu- ally addressing their public meetings, and being ! totally unprepared with any remarks he wished to I conient himself on this occasion by giving the support of his presence. It seemed that previously they had toa great extent failed in awakening an interest in the minds of the people, and therefore he thought it i would now be best to give way to others who might be more successful. He had come to-night at great personal inconvenience, and should not have been present at all if the institution had been successful. But he did not believe in frowning upon a falling cause. The object was good, and if they found missionary labour calculated to carry it out, he believed the citizens of Sydney would be willing to come forward in its support. He thought too many agents had been appointed,-not for what was to be done,-but too many for the liberality of the people. He remembered that at the first meeting when the question was put whether this agency should be established, everybody in the crowded assemblage seemed to exult and delight in the pro- posal ; many hands were held up in favour of bring- ing into existence an institution of this kind, but many of those hands never got below a certain elevation. Whatever his position in life, he hoped he should never forget that he owed his salvation by God to the efforts of a Missionary, and he was happy to lend a hand in extending an agency that had been instrumental in infusing into his soul the dearest, the purest, the holiest aspirations and hopes. Any ob- server of Sydney life in lanea and alleys, must be con- vinced that in nine cases out of ten the miserable applicants for relief were victims to intemperance that which sapped spiritual welfare as well as domestic happiness. He knew of no city of the same size as Sydney where there was so much active Christian benevolence among the Churches, but after they had done all they could there was room for twenty city missionaries in this place. There were a number of persons outside the Churches who could be reached only by an agency of this de- scription. Although the society was under a finan- cial cloud, that was a cloud very easily removed. If people only had the money, and had also the will, a financial difficulty was the easiest ia the world to get over. The balance against the society was very small, and we could not measure the happiness of souls and families by a matter of pounds shillings and pence. It waa all very well for a man to stand up in a pulpit or on a plat- form and say people ought to put faith in God,-it was easy to descant in glib terms upon these things, but we wanted the men who would go amid the great battle of life- men brought up among the people, little above them in station, who could sit down on a table or a tub and talk of the salvation that had been the means of rescuing their own souls, and maaifeit by the warmth of their hearts that they are earnestly seeking the salvation of others. The Church had its place, but it had forgotten to go and seek the lost. We had the sittings in our churches mostly filled by those who could afford to pay for them, the poor being treated with cold isolation ; and if heaven be like our Churches, there would be there very few of those whom Christ came to save. How different the work of these city mis sii naries. It was to open the heart of tenderness, to tptak sympathy and float it gently upon the soul seared and warped by vice, and to bring their wounded spirit back to God. For such a work the City Mission agency was peculiarly adapted. The churches could not complain of the institution robbing them of some of their work ; if Christ be preached and good done, that was all to be desired. He had determined to have a missionaiy in the district with which he was connected, but that would not make him feel one whit the less sympathy with the objects of this society. Let us work and pray for its success, and then we should have God's blessing ; but if we prayed and did not work when we had an opportunity to work, our prayers would be of little avail. Lst us be determined to accomplish the work we had to do-ta multiply the agency-and as the work was good, so would it be blessed. I The resolution was put and agreed to unanimously. A portion of a hymn was then sung, during which the collection was made. I The Kev. GEORGE GRAHAM moved the second reso- lution, which was as follows: "That this meeting believing there ia an urgent necessity for the agency of the ' Sydney City Mission '-renders thanks to Almighty God ' for the encouragement already bestowed, and pledges itself to renewed effort in sup- port of the mission." It might be asked, what utility could there be in the establishment of a Christian missen in a city like this, where the Gospel was regularly preached. But the report informed them that even in this highly favoured city there were very many who had never been brought to an acquaintance with the Gospel, much less to its acceptance. He there- fore rejoiced in the existence of this mission, because it was a proof that there were at least some generous soul» awake-and he trusted that there would speedily be many more awake-to the intellectual and spiritual degeneracy of multitudes around them, and whose miserable position was generally the result of ignorance mingled with intemperance, and indifference to divine things. Kow a Christian missionary tent forth by a society like this, by coming into con- tact with such persons, might be, and had been, the means of pulling some of them out of the fire, and teaching them to hate the garments spotted by the flesh. It would be altogether impossible, and it would be regarded by some as improper, for a stated psstor to be always amongst such persons. But for a Christian missionary, approved of and seat forth by a society like this, to go forth and to seek out and endeavour to save thOBe who were living in ignorance and sin, and shame, was well calculated, under the blessing of heaven, to restore the lost sheep, and to effect the salvation of many who were | paesed by by the professing Christians as well | as by the Christian ministers, unpitied, un- relieved, uninstructed, and unsaved. lie rejoiced, thesefore, to loarn from the report that from ihe labours of the pious and diligent missionary much good had, under the blessing ot God, been effected. Üven the vilest of sinners would begin to feel his im- portance in the esteem both of Sod und of man when bl ought into contact with these city missionaries ; and when he saw that they were earnestly labouring to promote his temporal and spiritual welfare, and willing even to become his companions if only he wouia go with them the way to Heaven, he imme diaiely began to reBpect the missionaries and to listen to their mesaage. Ihe resolution stated that it was our duty to give more of our means towards the sup- port of the mission. We could not all engage per tonally in this work, but we could aid the society by our contributions ; and we should remember that wa weie not to live for ourselves, but to look after the things of others. We ought to sympathise with those who had not felt that the Gospel was the power of God. As every man had received the gifc, let him distribute, as a good steward of the grace of God, íemembeiing the text, tnat "he who soweto. sparingly shall reap also sparingly, but he who soweth liberally shall reap also liberally." (Cheers.) The Rev. 3?. HIBBEBD felt much pleasure in seconding the resolution. Some of the previous speakers had grumbled at the stile of things described in the report, but scarcely any had given praise for what had been done. It would be recollected that in I the days of our Lord, He wrought a cure of ten j lepers. Some of them Went away with the benefit, I but they were dumb ; there was one who felt con- strained to return and give thanks. He would not I say that his brethren who had just spoken were those unthankful lepers; but he did say, that it I waB his happy privilege to be the thankful one. And he might be permitted to advert to that portion of the resolution which impressed on us the necessity of returning thanks. He lelt thankful that this mission | had not been altogether unsuccessful-and that i scowling scoffers could not say that the society was I defunct. There was a little life in it yet ; but it 1 wanted nourishment. He felt thankful that though the committee had had to expunge the names of three ot their agents, there WBB one remaining. It had been his privilege to meet with that good brother ; and certainly his heart was in the work. He had told the city missionary that he wondered how he could get through BO large a quantity of work. The missionary repliid that his custom waa to drop in at a house, to say a quiet wold or two, to leave a tract, or if opportunity permitted, to offer up a short prayer, and then to leave depending on the Holy Spirit to give His blessing on the engagement. He felt thankful that by this mean» full many a destitute soul could be made rich-that full many a portion of God's Word could be dissemi- nated-that in full many an instance the poor drunk- ard might be led to fight against the damnable practice-and that those who were once in darkness might be illumined with the light of the Gospel, and be in a fair way to be useful in their day and genera- tion. We certainly had reason to be thankful ; but it muit not be supposed that he was satisfied. Mr. Caldwell had stated that Sydney would com- pare well with London as to its Bpiritual condition. Well, God help London, for it must be a hell indeed if that be the case. Since a comoiirifion had been made, he would make a com 1 pariíon. In London there were four hundred mis- sionaries employed in this glorious work (cheers) while in Sydney there was only one agent employed by this society-a glorious representation »f the liberal tendency of the SydneyJChurches. It was a burning shame that amidst all the Christian Churches in this city there should be such a paltry display of their liberality and their love for perishing souls. He was told when he was coming to Sydney that it was the land of gold ; it would have been better if they had. taken away the fiist letter and hav<¡ said that it WHS a land of cold. (" No, no," and laughter.) He slid, it was a land of cold ; one in which the Churches were asleep ; they did . not live for their Master as they should do. While he was thaukful ! for the good that had been accomplished he felt that, as individual Christians and as ministers of the Gospel, we must do more, or ever we should see that glad day when the knowledge of the Lord Bhould cover the earth HB the waters covered the channels of the deep. He believed in a man praying when he gave, and then, the gift would be sanctified. Keep your money if you do not give your prayers with it. It was the baptism of the Holy Ghost that we wanted, so that we might plead succesbfully with those who were brought under our ministrations. Let ua endeavour to put forth renewed efforts, but let us go to the throne of grace to gain strength and power for the work ; for you may labour as hard as you like, but all will be unsuccessful if a blessing from heaven do not come down to give effect to your work. (Cheers.) The CHAIEMAN said he thought that the charge that had just been made^ against the Christian public of Sydney was not merited, and that the rev. gentlemia would c®me to think so when he had lived a little longer in the colony. The lesolution was then put to the meeting and unanimously agreed to. The Rev. J. E. VETCH moved the third resolution. : -"That the thanks of this meeting are hereby pre- sented to the committee and officers, for their valuable sei vices in the management of the mission during the past year, and that the following be the officers and committee for the ensuing year :-Treasurer, Mr. I. H. Goodlet; secretary, Mr. Benjamin Short; Rev I P. P. Agnew, B. Chapman, J. Dougall, R. Hartley, I P. Hibberd, Dr. Lang, J. B. M'Cure, N. Pidgeon, J. Reid, T. Smith, A. Thomson. J. E. Vetch, J. Voller, i S. Rabone, Thomas Johnson, George Graham, J. Bickford, J. S. Adam, MeBsrs. J". Caldwell, M.L.A., S. Callaghan, B. Cocks, R. J. Horpiman, F. K. Olliver, Dr. Moflitt, T. B. Rolia, Joseph Thompson, E. Vu.kery, and Walter Smith." He did not intend to inflict a speech on them at that late hour. He felt that he h-td rather a delicate and difficult task to perform in moving a vote of thanks to the committee. They were asked to thank the com- mittee for dismissing three of the missionaries with whom it started, but it was not the fault of the committee which had not been given the moana of supporting the agents. He was now proposing a committee to do what? To take charge of one missionary ? He presumed that they did not mean to appoint somewhere about thirty persons to manage one missionary, but that in passing the reso- lution it was their intention that more missionaries should be obtained. It was really a shame that the mission should be in its present state. What were they denying themselves for this movement ? He sup- posed there were some three hundred persons present, who, of themselves, might surely raise £300 during the coming year. Those present showed their interest in the movement by their attendant3, and he did wish thftt they could infuse something more of the same spirit into their Christian brethren. When they thought of what the Saviour had done for them, belf-deni*l and greater liberality should characterise them. He i had much pleasure in moving the resolution on the condition that more missionaries were to be appointed. The Rev. R. HARTLEY seconded the resolution, and in doing BO suggested that non-coatributirs to the mission should become subscribers before tiley left the hall. That would test their interest in the mis- sion. He thought there was too little spiritual heit among UB, and he prayed that we might be filled with zeal and blessed with powtr. We had a great rainy agents at work in this city, and what we wanted was more spiritual power. Their missionary's reporta were truthful, and written by one who was incapable of furnishing highly coloured statements. The mts sionary's heart was in his work ; and, to far from hi», being influenced by mercenary motives, he sacrificed personal gain. He did not spend his time in mere tittle-tattling or fault-finding, buthe went direct to his work and did all that was possible. He thought it a very essential thing that a city missionary should be a teetotaller, and their missionary was a total abstainer. Men who had any sympathy could not but com- passionate the reeling drunkard, yet only consistent teetotallers would be likely to be successful in reclaim- ing the fallen in this respect. Drink was the chief cause of the immorality, the destitution of spirituality, and the paralysing effects which were witnessed in the world and in the Church. It waa all very well to establish Ragged Schools and employ agencies to remedy other evils which existed in society, but they must strike at the root of the evil, and when they employed the teetotal pledge in conneclion with other efforts they did this. However low men might sink in immorality they ware yet capable of impression and reformation, and it wa« to rescue the degraded and to save them that the City Mission end kindred societies were formed. Let then resolve to think more, talk more, to give more, and above all to pray more for the mission. While they j-rajed that God'a kingdom might come, they should do all in their power to hasten the coming of that kingdom, which is righteousness and joy, and peace in the Holy Ghost. The SEORETARY remarked that, while there w«s only one missionary employed at the present tim?, he wished it to be understood that four missionaries had laboured during ten months, and three during eleven months of the year. So much had been said about there being but one agent that he thought it desirable to correct any misconception that might have been, occasioned. The committee would be glad of the assistance of persons willing to collect for the mission. The resolution WBB then put to the meeting, and agreed to. A vote of thanks to the chairman, moved by the SECRETARY, and seconded by Mr. E. VICKERY, wa« carried by acclamation. The CHAIRMAN suitably acknowledged the com- pliment, and after the benediction had been pro- nounced, by the Rev. T, Smith, the meeting separated shortly after ten o'clock. 