KAPUNDA. IFrom our own Correspondent I lianunda. November 12. The Rev. Mr. Russell, of Adelaide, delivered his lecure on 'Ghosts,' at Crase's Assembly Rooms, on behalf of the Institute, last Friday. The lecture was well attended, and interested those present very nnicn. ine mine isanii played severa' pieces. The customary votes of thanks were moved and stconded, involving six speeches-a custom I am happy to see dispensed with in Adelaide, but raging here in full vigour, and occupying nearly or quite as much time as the lecture itself. The pi escnt Committee of the Institute deserve great ctedit for the interest they have shown in gettinga supply of new books, a regular course of good lec tures, and, best of all, for getting the ouilding moved from the inaccessible region where it anguishes at present to anew site recently secured behind Mr. lewis's shop, in the main street We have had a fortnight of incessant dust, caused by strong winds frequently from the north. Total Abstinence at Kapunda.— ^A correspondent writes !-' A public meeting for the advocacy of the total abstinence principles was held in the public schoolroom on Wednesday evening, the 9th instant. There was a good atten* dance. Mr. Lathleaa presided. The Rev. Mr. Standrin gave n very excellent address, and used convincing arguments to show that total abstinence was better and safer than moderation. Mr. Schafer made some very appropriate remarks on the sub ject. He spoke of some whom he had known, pood men. who, having made wine, and finding they could not sell it, began to dnnk it freely themselves, until at length they became in temperate, and are now degraded drunkards. Hr. James Watsford said he stood before them, not as the preceding speakers, having spent a part of their lives acting on the total absti nence principle, but as having been a teetotaller all his life; and whilst some would try to persuade lim to take a little wine for his stomach's sake, he bought he was far tetter without than with it. He proceeded to speak on 'reasons for signing the pledge.' and in doing so related some thrilling, soul-stirring things. Mr. D. Nock expressed the pleasure he had felt whilst listening to the pre ceding speakers, and expressed his own conviction of th.i importance of total abstinence. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, followed by singing and prayer, concluded a very interesting and Instructive meeting.' -3T Messrs. Townsend, Boiling, aud Kay request us to call special attention to their Sale, this day, at Jeffcott-street, North Adelaide, of Mr. Joseph Elliott's Household Furniture and Effector ?????- 