MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. f From, the European Times, Januaru 12. ) Pensions of £1(0 u-y ear tor distinguished or meritori ous service have been conferred on Colonel Muller, of the 20th Dfpot Battalion ; Colonel Waddy, C.B., of the SOih Regiment; Colonel M'Intyre, C.B., of the 78th Highlanders ; and Colonel Budd, of the 14th Regiment. The Glebe states that the ' anti- Crawley party' among the officers of the Inniskiiling Dragoons, will have disappeared from the regiment before the publi cation of the next Army List. The fund which is in progress to relieve Colonel Crawlev of the expenses incurred by the recent court-martial at Aldorehott now amounts to upwards of £1220. The expenses are said to amount to between £3000 and £4000. Mr. Woelley has been paid the whole amount of hie claim for the fire at Csmpden-house. The eum thus received, with interest, is nearly £30,000. The Earl of Durham left England, lsst week, for Alexandria, in order to meet hie sister, the Countess of Elgin, -widow of the late Governor-General of India, who is on her route to England. One of the Tyne ships, commonly believed to have foundered, cast up on the 5th, to the great joy of the friends of the crew. She left Amsterdam on the 2nd of December, and has been knocked about by the gale in the North Sea ever since. The guard of Marines has, we understand, been withdrawn from the steamer Pampero, supposed to have been built for a Conlederate cruiser by Messrs. Thomson, which remains under the charge of the Customs authorities at Glasgow, It ia said that a clever fellow hss been for a long time manufacturing a very pure and fine spirit, free from ell smeU and flavour, from methylated spirits, which are duty free. The Chancellor of the Ex . chequer has hed his attention drawn to tbe matter. Miss Nightingale, whose continued delicate state of health causes her many freinds much nneasiness, has expressed her intention, through Dr. Foote, of training, at tbe expense of her fund, recommended persons to serve as nurere in Constantinople. At the Somerset Sessions, on the 5th, Sir TV. Miles stated that £840 had been collected towards the Speke testimonial. The committee had entrusted to Messrs. Garrard the execution of the work, which consisted of a piece of plateand two vascB, emblematical of the Nile. The capital expended in this country on railways to the present time baa been upw aids of £385,000,000, or nearly half the National Debt. This amount has been devoted to tbe construction of 11,500 miles of railway in the Brirish Islands, which are now op.-n for traffic. It is stated that the Bev. Dr. Joseph Brown, whs was translated the other day from Dalkeith to Glas gow, has rented the house in Sandyford-place, Glas gow, formerly occupied by the Flemings, and in which Jeseie Macphereon was murdered. The consequence is, it is said, that the worthy clergyman cannot get domestic servants to live with him ; they are afraid of ghosts ! The Ashton Union and Emancipation Society has adopted an address to President Lincoln, which con gratulate him on the 'unqualified success' of the emancipation 'proclamation, and concludes as follows : — ' We rejoice with you tbat victory is crowning your efforts to suppress a most wicked end infamous rebel lion and restore to your country that unity without which it can have no true prosperity or lasting peace.' During lsat week fifty wrecks were reported, making a total of 2720 for the la9t year. A blackbird with a white head was shot recently at Barrahy Moor, York. The mortality betwixt the ages of forty.five and fifty-five amonget tbe whole population of England is at the rate of 18 in the 1000, while among publicans it is 28. A booking-cl^rk turned Williams, in the employ of the South-Bestem Railway Company, at DoTer station, has been apprehended on a charge of embez zling about £1000. There are five great houses new making paper col lars, and these make aome 300,000 weekly, or jointly 1,600,000. Assuming the price at 6s. per gross, we have a weekly consumption of £2500 of these collars. The system of running bloodhounds in search of a criminal ie ia full favour in the Yorkshire wolds juet now. The farmers are advertising for bloodhounds in order to try if they will be any more successful than thepolice in finding out tbe East Hiding incendiaries. The Maharajah Dhuleep Singh, who recently pur chased an estate in Norfolk, has presented £60 to each of the parishes over which it extends, with a view to its being distributed among the poor. ' The Maharajah is fond of field sports, and endeavours in every respect to make himself popular aa en English country gentle man. It is now stated that Archdeacon West, of Dublin, will be appointed to tbe Deanery of St. Patrick. The value of the flax grown in Ireland last year was upwards ef £4,000,000. The appointment of Medical Registrar for Ireland under the new Registration Act has been conferred upon Dr. William M. Burke, one of the phvsicians of Steeven's Hospital, where he succeeded tlie late Sir Henry Marsh. It was worth £600 a-year. A manufactory of forged Austrian bank notes has bten discovered in the canton of Ticino. The Bordeaux journals announce the death in that city of Madame Morbeau de Terrelonges, aged 100 years and some months. Navigation has been stopped at Rotterdam, in can sequence of intense frost. A telegram from St, Peters- burg states that the navigation was also stopped at Cronatadt. The Archduke Maximilian end the Archduchess Charlotte were the first among the foreign princes to send by telegraph in the morning of New Year's Day their congratulations to the Emperor and Empress of ' the French. During a rehearsal of the ballet of ' Fiunmetta,' at ihe Grand Theatre of Trieste, last week, the dresses of several of the figurantes taught fire. One girl, , only fourteen years of ^ge.was so dreadfully burned uatihe died a fevyhpure a ftfir,' ; . :A district has been ^discovered in Russia of similar , formation to that of the oil producing region* pf Penn lylvttnia and other part* pf Amfriw. 