DIARIES OF A LADY OF QUALITY. FROM 1797 TO 1844. SIR WALTER SCOTT'S STORIES. APRIL, 1807. Mr. Scott, the author of the " Lay," told us some curious border histories. We were much pleased with the conclusion of the history of Wat Tyler. When he was grown old and blind, one of the agents of the lady of Branksome, in her absence, called upon him for the rent of a small tower which he inhabited ; part of which is standing to this day. Wat, incensed, replied he never had paid rent, nor would at that age. At last he delivered his bow to the steward, and said he would pay the rent to the man who could draw that bow ; the bow was certainly tried, but we will hope that the lady would never have obliged such a man to pay his rent. However, certain it is that some vain attempts were made to draw his bow, and that Wat never paid his rent. Mr. Scott spoke of one story which might make an excellent ballad, but he said he could not write it, as to do it justice much humour, a quality he never possessed was required. Scott of Harden, one of his ancestors, was a famous border thief, and at one time, when he had either spoiled the neighbouring English of all their cattle, or had frightened them all away, he began to fear that from disuse he might become less expert at the honourable trade he pursued and to keep his hand in, amused himself with driving the cattle of one of his own countrymen and neighbours, Murray of Elibank, an ancestor of the present Lady Elibank. Murray soon found means of revenging himself, and brought Scott, his followers, his cattle, &c;, &c;, all prisoners, to Elibank Castle. On the walls was sitting his wife, who, perceiving the train that followed him, asked what he meant to do with Scott. " Why, hang him, to be sure," was the answer. The more prudent wife exclaimed, " What ! hang such a winsome manner as Harden, when we have three such sorry damsels at home?" Murray was persuaded by his wife, and sending for one of his daughters, whose ugly face and immense mouth had acquired her the name of Mag o' mouth Murray, proposed to Scott to marry her, leaving him no other alternative but a halter. The unfortunate prisoner most ungallantly refused the lady and the tradition says, that it was not till the rope was tied to the tree, and he began to feel it tighten, that he repented. He was married, and sorrowfully bent his steps homewards, taking with him his ugly wife. BUXTON LETTER. Extract of a letter from Dr. J——n, at Buxton, to his friend, J——s B——ll, Esq., in Scotland. (By Pepper Arden, afterwards Lord Alvanley.) Fortune often delights to exalt what nature has neglected, and that renown which cannot be claimed by intrinsic excellence is frequently derived from accident. The Rubicon was ennobled by the passage of Caesar and the bubbling up of a stream in the middle of a lime quarry has given celebrity to Buxton. The waters in which it is agreed that no mineral properties reside, and which seem to have no better claim to superior heat than what is derived from comparing them with the almost Siberian atmosphere that surrounds them, are said, however, to possess a spirit which, though too volatile and unknown to receive a name from the chemists of graver ages, have, in this fanciful era, when Macaroni philosophers hold flirtation with science, taken the lead of all the other elements, and those whose nerves have not found any relief in change of sky and variety, seek for a refuge here in fixed air. It is, indeed, amazing to see the avidity with which mankind seek after that health which they have voluntarily alienated, like Methodists who hope for salvation through faith without works. Invalids come here in hopes of finding in the well the vigour which they have lost in the bowl, and of absorbing in the bath the moisture which evaporated in the ball or the masquerade. For this purpose they venture to this dreary spot, which contemplates with envy the Highlands of Scotland, surrounded by barren mountains, beaten by storms almost perpetual. Scarce an inhabitant is to be seen unless when the sun, whose appearance is justly considered as one of the wonders of the Peak, draws them out from a curiosity natural to man who wonders into what cavern the storm has retired. Yet this is summer; and if the winter holds its natural proportion, the inhabitants of the hall—which is not thirty yards distant from the well—must pass months without any communication with it. Yet here, the same folly which created the disease for the cure of which so much is suffered, obstructs the operation of the remedy from which so much is hoped. Animated by the appetite, which even the diligent powers of common water, assisted by the vibrations of diurnal exercise and the collusive hilarity of reciprocal salutation, would give to a body obstructed by gluttony and rest—they devour with deleterious hunger a farinaceous sponge, the interstices of which are inundated with butter, which might smile at the peristaltic exertions of an elephant, and of which the digestion would be no less an evil than the obstruction. If obstructed, it convulse the stomach with rancid exhalations and if by its gravity it finds its way to the bowels, it tumefies them with flatulent paroxysms by its detention in both it becomes acrimonious and mephitic, and while its fumes arise and salute the brain with palsy, its caput mortuum descends and lays the foundation of fistula. Very providentially, however, the evils of breakfast are not aggravated by dinner. Dinner is rather a ceremony here than a repast, and those who are delicate and sick, acquire popularity by disseminating among the multitude that food which nothing but rude health, both of body and mind, can digest. When it is finished, however, the chaplain calls upon the company to be thankful for what they have received and the company, remembering they have breakfasted, join in the thanksgiving. The evils of the day are likewise happily alleviated by the early hour of retiring to bed ; and if sleep forsakes the pillow, even fancy itself cannot charge it on the supper. There are, notwithstanding, here upwards of two hundred people, who, by talking continually of how much nature has left undone, and how little art has done for the place, increase the spleen they come to cure. THE TYRONE GHOST STORY. Lord Tyrone and Lady Beresford were born in Dublin. They were left orphans in their infancy to the care of the same person, who brought them up in the principles of Deism. Their guardian dying when they were about fourteen, they fell into very different hands, and every means was tried to convince them of the truth of revealed religion, but in vain. Though separated, their mutual affection remained unalterable. After come years they made a solemn vow to each other, that whichever should die first would (if permitted by the Almighty) appear to the other and declare what religion was most approved by God. Lady Beresford shortly after married Sir Martin Beresford. One morning she come down unusually pale with a black ribbon round her wrist. Sir Martin asked whether she was ill, and whether she had sprained her wrist : she replied she was well, and conjured him never to inquire the cause of her wearing the ribbon. She expressed anxiety for the arrival of the post. Sir Martin asked whether she expected letters. She said she expected to hear that Lord Tyrone was dead that he died last Tuesday at four o'clock. Sir Martin tried to comfort her, and assured her she was deceived by some idle dream. The letter arrived conveying the intelligence of Lord Tyrone's death, which had happened at the precise time Lady Beresford had specified. She then informed Sir Martin that she had to announce to him that the should shortly give him a son, an event he had long and ardently desired. In some months Lady Beresford was delivered of a son she had before given birth to two daughters. Sir Martin survived this event but four * (Note by Miss Wynn.)—When in 1815 Scott published Paul's "Letters to his kinsfolk," in which the attempts at humour so entirely failed, I lamented his having forgotten this declaration. Now, in 1821, when he is considered as the undoubted, though unacknowledged, author of so many admirable novels, containing more humour than could probably be found in at the other authors of this century collected together, I wonder at his having made it. I see that when I tell this story nobody believes me, and I feel I should doubt my own recollection if the above had not been written on the very day that I saw Scott, in 1807, years. After his death Lady Beresford shut herself very much up, she visited no family but that of the clergyman of the village. His family consisted of himself, his wife, and a son, who, at the time of Sir Martin's death, was quite a boy; to this son, however, she was in a few years married. He behaved to her in the most scandalous manner. After having given birth to two daughters, Lady Beresford insisted on a separation from her profligate husband. After a few years she was induced by his entreaties to pardon and once more live with him, and in time became the mother of another son. The day she had lain in a month, she sent for Lady Betty Cobb, her intimate friend, requesting her and a few friends to spend the day with her, as it was her birthday ; among others, was the clergyman by whom she was baptised. Having observed that she was forty-eight that day, the clergyman assured her she was only forty-seven ; telling her he had had frequent disputes with her mother on the subject, and had a few days before searched the register, which proved him to be right and her only forty-seven instead of forty eight. " You have signed my death warrant," said she, and requested the company to leave her, as she had many things to settle before she died. She requested that Lady Betty Cobb and her son by Sir Martin (who was about twelve years old), would come to her, as she had something to communicate to them. When the attendants were withdrawn, she said, "I have something to communicate to you both before I die, a period which is not far distant. You, Lady Betty, are no stronger to the friendship which always subsisted between Lord Tyrone and myself ; we were educated under the same roof, and in the same principles of Deism. When my friends afterwards tried to persuade us to embrace the revealed religion, their arguments, though insufficient to convince, had power to stagger our former faith. In this perplexing state of doubt, we made a vow to each other that whichever died first should (if permitted) appear to the other and declare what religion was most acceptable to the Almighty. Accordingly, while Sir Martin and I were asleep, I woke suddenly and found Lord Tyrone sitting by the bed-side. screamed, and endeavoured to wake Sir Martin. ' For Heaven's sake,' said I, a by what means, or for what purpose, came you here at this time of night ?' ' Have you forgot your promise ?' said he; 'I died last Tuesday, at four o'clock, and have been permitted by the Supreme Being to appear to you to assure you that revealed religion is the only true faith and the only means by which we can be saved. I am further suffered to inform you that you are with child of a son who shall marry my daughter. Not many years after his birth, Sir Martin will die ; you will be married again to a man whose ill conduct will make you miserable ; you will bring him two daughters and afterwards a son, in childbed of whom you will die in the forty-seventh year of your age.' Just Heaven !' I exclaimed, and cannot I prevent this?' ' Undoubtedly you may,' said he, 'you are a free agent, and may prevent this by resisting every temptation to a second marriage ; but the passions are strong ; hitherto you have had no trials ; you know not their power. More I am not permitted to say ; but if, after this warning, you persist in your infidelity, your lot in another world would be miserable indeed.' . May I not ask,' said I 'if you are happy ? ' ' Had I been otherwise, I should not have been permitted to appear to you.' 'I may infer then that you are happy ; when the morning comes, how shall I be convinced that your appearance has been real and not the phantom of imagination?'—' Will not the news of my death be sufficient to convince you ?' 'No,' returned I, 'I might have had such a dream, and that dream by accident come to pass. I wish to have come stronger proof of its reality.' 'You shall', said he; then waving his hand, the bed-curtains, which were of crimson velvet, were instantly drawn through a large hook of ivory, by which the tester of the bed, which was of an oval form, was suspended. 'In that,' said he, you can't be mistaken ; no mortal arm could have done this.' ' But we are sleeping, and people have much greater strength then than when awake. I may fancy I have done it in my sleep. I shall still doubt.' ' You have a pocket-book, on the leaves of which I will write : you know my handwriting.' He wrote. 'Still,' said I, 'I may in the morning have my doubts ; though waking I cannot mistake your hand-writing; sleeping I may.' ' You are hard of belief. I must not touch you ; it would injure you irreparably ; it is not for spirits to touch mortal flesh.' I do not regard a slight blemish.' . You are a woman of courage, hold out your hand.' I did ; he touched my wrist ; his hand was cold as marble. In an instant the sinews shrank up, every nerve withdrew. ' Now,' said he 'while you live, let no mortal eye behold that wrist; to see it would be sacrilege.' He stopped : I turned to him again ; he was gone. During the time I conversed with him, my thoughts were perfectly calm and collected; but the moment he was gone, I felt chilled with horror ; the bed trembled under me I endeavoured to wake Sir Martin, but in vain. In this state of horror and agitation, I lay for some time ; when a shower of tears coming to my relief, I dropped asleep. " In the morning Sir Martin arose as usual without perceiving the situation in which the curtain remained. When I awoke, I found Sir Martin already gone. I went into the gallery adjoining our apartment, and took from thence a very large broom used for sweeping the cornices: by the help of this, though not without difficulty, I took down the curtain, as I imagined this extraordinary appearance would excite enquiries among the servants which I wished to avoid. I then went to my bureau, locked up the pocket-book, and took out some black ribbon, which I bound round my wrist. When I came down, the agitation of my mind had left an impression on my countenance too strong to pass unnoticed by Sir Martin. He enquired the cause of my visible disorder. I told him I was well, but informed his that Lord Tyrone was no more; at the same time entreated him to drop all enquiries about the black ribbon round my wrist. He kindly desisted from all importunity, nor did he ever after enquire the cause. You were born, my son, as had been foretold, and four years after your ever-to-be lamented father expired in my arms. " After this melancholy event, I determined, as the only means by which I might avoid the dreadful event of the prediction, for ever to abandon society, and pass the remainder of my days in solitude ; but few can endure to exist long in a state of perfect sequestration. I commenced an intercourse with one family only, nor could I foresee the fatal consequences that afterwards ensued. Little did I imagine that their son, their only son, was the person intended by fate for my undoing. In a few years I ceased to regard him with indifference ; I endeavoured by every means to conquer a passion the fatal consequences of which, if ever I should yield to its impulse, were too well known; and I fondly imagined I had overcome its influence, when the event of one fatal moment undermined my fortitude, and plunged me into that abyss I had so long determined to shun. " He had frequently solicited his parents for leave to go into the army, and at length obtained their permission. He came to bid me farewell before his departure : the moment he entered the room he fell on his knees at my feet, told me he was miserable and that I alone was the cause. At that instant my fortitude forsook me. I gave myself up for lost and considered my fate as inevitable and without further hesitation consented to a union, the result of which I knew to be misery, and its end death. After a few years were passed, the conduct of my husband amply warranted my demand of a separation, and I hoped by this step to avoid the fatal accomplishment of the prophecy ; but, won over by his strong entreaty, I was prevailed on to pardon and once more to reside with him, though not till after I had, as I imagined, passed my forty-seventh year, but I have this day heard from indisputable authority that I am but forty-seven this day. Of the near approach of my death I entertain not the least doubt, but I do not dread its arrival : armed with the prospects of Christianity, I can meet the King of Terrors without dismay, and without a tear bid adieu to the regions of mortality for ever. When I am dead, as the necessity of its concealment closes with my life, I could wish that you, Lady Betty Cobb, would unbind my wrist and take from thence the black ribbon, and let my son and yourself behold my arm." Lady Beresford here paused for some time, but, renewing the conversation, she entreated her son to behave so as to merit the honour he would in future receive from a union with the daughter of Lord Tyrone. Lady Beresford then expressed a wish to lie down on the bed, and endeavour to compose herself to sleep. Lady Betty Cobb and her son called the attendants to watch their mistress, and, should they observe the slightest change in her, instantly to let them know. An hour passed ; all was silent : they listened at the door ; everything was still, but in about half an hour the bell rang violently, They flew to the apartment, but before they reached the door they heard the servant exclaim, "Oh, she is dead ; my mistress is dead." Lady Betty sent the servants out of the room ; she approached the bed of Lady Beresford with her son he knelt by his mother's bedside. Lady Betty lifted up her hand, unbound the black ribbon exactly in the state Lady Beresford had described, every sinew shrank up, and every nerve withered. N.B. Lady Beresford's son, as had been predicted, is married to the daughter of Lord Tyrone : the black ribbon and pocket-book are in the possession of Lady Betty Cobb in Ireland, or Marlborough Buildings, Bath; who, together with the Tyrone family, will assert its truth, and by whom the above narrative is stated, and was transcribed at Tallerig, on July 24th, 1794, by the Honorable Mrs. Maitland. (Copy of a copy taken in 1801.) Real particulars of the preceding story dictated to me by Lady E. Butler and Miss Ponsonby (the ladies of Llangollen), who had frequently heard them from many of Lady Beresford's and of Mr. Gorges' descendants, with some of whom they are intimately connected and related.* Miss Hamilton, a rich and beautiful heiress, was early married to Sir Martin Beresford : it was supposed that both before and after her marriage she had been too intimately connected with Lord Tyrone. Some time after her marriage, in the year 1704, it was agreed that Lord Tyrone, Sir Martin and Lady Beresford, should pass one Christmas at Colonel Gorges' house, called Kilbrew, in the county of Meath. One night, after the family were all retired, Lady Beresford was surprised to see the door of her chamber open, and Lord Tyrone walked in, dressed in his robe de chambre. She exclaimed, " Good God, what brings you here at this time of night?" He walked up to the bedside and replied, "I left Corraughmore with an intention of coming here. I was taken ill on the road, and have just expired. I am come to you for the ring which I gave you." Lady Beresford, horror-struck, pushed Sir Martin to wake him. "He cannot wake while I am here," said Lord Tyrone. " He will die ; you will marry the gentleman of this house ; you will die in childbed of your second son, but you shall see me again, give me the ring." Lady Beresford, extremely agitated, could not immediately get it off her finger ; he seized her hand, and the ring appeared to her to roll off upon the floor. The next morning Lady Beresford tried to persuade herself that the whole of this scene was the effect of imagination, but on her wrist she found the mark of Lord Tyrone's hand ; each finger left a black mark as if it had been burnt. On a desk which stood near the bed, and on which Lord Tyrone had leant, the same trace of five fingers was found. That on Lady Beresford's wrist never was effaced, and to her dying day she wore a black ribbon bracelet to conceal it. The ring was likewise missing ; nor could it after the most diligent search be ever found, though every board of the floor was taken up next day. In the course of time Sir Martin died, and Lady Beresford did marry Colonel Gorges. By Sir Martin she had one son, born in 1694 by Colonel Gorges, three daughters, one of whom married Lord Howth, and another Lord Desart. After these she had a son. Colonel Gorges, fearing that his birth might prey upon her mind, still strongly affected with the recollection of the vision, persuaded her that her child was a girl. She was got so well after her confinement, that the carriage was ordered for her to take the air. Meanwhile, she unfortunately inquired of a housemaid who came into her room, how her child was the maid replied, " He is very well." " He! " said Lady B. ; it is then a son, and she burst into tears. Her husband and friend at length succeeded in persuading her that, after having been so long brought to bed, all danger must be over, and she proceeded to take the air as she had intended. As she was going down stairs, she exclaimed, "There is Lord Tyrone ; I see him on the landing-place ! " She fainted, was carried to her bed, and died a few days after. Some years after, in 1717, her son, Sir M. Beresford, married Lady C. de la Poer, the daughter and heiress of Lord Tyrone, and was the grandfather of the present Lord Waterford.+ *It is amusing to compare these two versions, each professing to rest on the same quality of information, and with equal pretensions to the title of " real particulars." The internal evidence, however, is in favour of that furnished by the ladies of Llangollen. The story is not mentioned by Dr. Ferrier, Dr. Hibbert, or Sir Walter Scott. Mrs. Crowe ("Nightside of Nature") merely alludes to it as well known and well authenticated. \+ It is difficult to reconcile the names and dates as stated in Lodge's " Irish peerage " with either of the versions. According to this authority (confirmed by Burke), Sir Tristram (not Sir Martin) Beresford, third baronet, born 1669, married 1687, Nicola Sophia, youngest daughter and coheir of Hugh Hamilton, Barton of Glenawly; and by her (who remarried with Lieutenant- General Richard Gorges, of Kilbrew, county of Meath) had issue one son, Sir Murray, created Earl of Tyrone in 1746, having in 1717 married the Lady Catherine Poer, daughter and heir to James Earl of Tyrone, who died in 1704. Sir Tristram died in 1761, three years before Lord Tyrone. 