THEATRE ROYAL. »?JIAME3ESTMCB P,U£3ER7ED' W,d \-- ROYAL HAYMARKET, This Bvenlog, IL TROVATORE. Xirt a' man steal a liorse and he may find himself sentenced to several years an the roads. Let him embezzle the moneys of his employer and his sen- tence .will not be much lighter. The mw regards property with a kindly 2re; it could not be otherwise, because fj who made the laws were thn posses- mxs of property. But female virtue and modesty ure something — something of especial value — something that should shielded from the violence of ruffian Sin. Judge Williams has inflicted a Enishpcnt — and we.leve! no charge at n, tnoughVe impeach the result — on a vicious scoundrel who has outraged the person ot his noice, less "than the Uorse-stealer or tbo embezzler of tko funds of his employer would receive. Paul Duff was arraigned at the sessions now sitting at Ballaarat for outraging the person of his niece, a girl under ten years of age, who, if not placed under his protection, had from her relationship at least a right to expect it. Nothing could be clearer than tho enso against him, and so he thought, for he pleaded guilty. If this ruffian had ueen excluded from tho world for the term of his nntural existence, it is doubtful whether it is more than his villany would have merited ; hut instead of this, ho is to bo incarcerated for two venrs. and per- haps released when ho has performed half of that sentence. Though com pelled to notice this matter, we cannot go into the circumstances that placed it out of the power of Judge Williams to inflict a more severe sontence. That they are not such as can relievo the criminal of the odium of his detestable act, is a sufficient reason why we should raise our voice against that state of the law which ties the hands of the Judge, and thus easily lets off a description of offender than whom there is none which the interests of so ciety require shall bo visited with more condign punishment. This poor 3'oung creature — no sufficient guar dian of herself — has been perhaps launched by this villain on the road to perdition, and the poor satisfaction that society obtains is his being sentenced to two years' imprisonment. Constantly the feelings or the com munity are outraged by accounts in the public journals of some deed of violence against the weakersex; circumstances in the colony afford great facility for it, and scoundrelism takes the opportunity. But when it comes to this, that tho youth and innocence of a poor child of ten j'ears of nge enn he blasted for over, and the perpetrator escape with a sentence ot two years, society is not adequately protected, and the amend ment of the law has become a necessity. The " show of hands" on the question of water-supply to the golcl fields, which tho Ministry asked from certain districts of the countiy two months ago, has not been long withheld. The desired demonstration has been supplied with a speed, and at the samo time, a fullness and earnestness which seem hardly to have been expected by those who issued the invitation. Indeed Ministers appear somewhat embarrassed by the promptness and urgency with which th'.ir as yet unrevealed project has been in good faith accepted, paid court to, and, as it were, wooed by the central gold-fields districts. The scheme is as yet in embryo; its features are unknown ; its dimensions whether comprehensive or diminutive, all- sufficient in their purpose and extent, or dwarfed, inadequate, and parochial in their character, ore as yet a secret and a mystery, perhaps even to Minis ters themselves. But, notwithstanding all this uncertainty, Sandhurst and Gastlemaine, Chewton and Maltnsbury, and the " dependencies thereof " have " pronounced" for ihe Government water scheme, whatever it ho and whensoever it may see the lighr. This implicit faith — doubting nothing, fear ing nothing, taking all things for granted — is, cevtea, admirable in its way, and must be very consoling to the Ministerial mina. But it deserves to be reciprocated ; and it :s now clear, the expectation has been cherished that it would have been reciprocated, when the proper time for tho purpose had arrived. That proper time, however, has come and gone ; and the sounds given forth by the Ministerial oracle are mean ingless and vague. At the deputation on Wednesday last, the municipal magnates of " the great central dis trict," escorted by their Parliamentary Aides-du- Campf, Messrs. Macadam, Casey, and Co., stood face to face with Messrs. Sullivan, Verdon, Francis, and Healrs, and laboured for hours together to exorcise the dumb spirit out of the Ministerial mind. They came, plans in hand, calculations all pre pared, outlay and income nicely ad justed, tho Coliban scheme plainly presented as perfection itself, all the pros, and cons, in fact ready " cut and dried"; and they laid down all trusting and humbly at the Ministerial foot, and meekly begged either that the fruits of their labours might be adopted by tho Government for imme diate practical operations, or that some faint idea might he graciously commu nicated to them as to the nature of the project contemplated by the Ministerial mind. They had foil confidence in this latter, but it was not unreasonable that they should got some sort of insight into it as an actual tangible existing thing. However, it was to no purpose they pressed their suit, Thaumatergcs makes no sign. In vain the High Priest of tho Coliban, who sits in the Municipal chair' oi Sandhurst, invokes the confidence of his quondam friend and neighbour,- the Minister of Mines. The wonder-worker Sullivan, is dumb. They must g) on as they have hitherto, amidst doubt and darkness, believing and hoping all things for tho best, and at " the appointed timo" their expecta tions would be folly accomplished. The deputation was evidently not prepared for this reserve. They did not come for a diplomatizing interview. If the Government water-scheme, thought they, were not a myth — a shadow un- roal as Professor Peppeii's ghost — what need of all this secresy ? At all events, might they not be told whether the Coliban scheme would form tho first instalment of the great compre hensive project of Mr. StatesmanSuLLi- van, or not ? And under this impression, they again began to puff forth a cloud of interrogatories. But "the statesman" suddenly and adroitly changed his style of " fence ;" and becoming a questioner in turn, ciuietly dropped in a query which completely floored the deputation. " Have the committee," asked Mr. Sullivan, "propounded any scheme for raising the necessary funds ?" A confused hesitating nega tive from the Sandhurst Mayor was the only reply. Hero is tho focal point of the whole matter. Where aro the funds for the execution of a great work , of the kind contemplated either by the j Government or tho Coliban Committee, , to come from? Mr. Yeiidon said something in his own mist' and in distinct way about " local bodies" undertaking "a comprehensive scheme" in conjunction with the Government, and sharing " the profit or loss" with it. But this only showed how entirely tho project of the Government lies in cloud-land at present. Mr. Sullivan contrived pretty successfully to mystify the deputation, and make the most of their credulity in leading them to build up Very ' roseate conclusions about his unrevealed project. But tho infant Hercules oi finance stalked heavily in, and put his clumsy foot upon the airy edifice. And if the vain expec tations of the deputation are not dis pelled by Mr. Verdon's oracular deliverance on this occasion it is a' misrepresentation of the present moment to say that "the ages of faith". have passed away. As to the parrot-cry, will an exten sive scheme of water-supply to tlie interior pay — there is little need of making a - serious reply to it. Any project which will furnish so essential an element in the operations of the miner on the old and imperfectly- woikecl gold-fields of tho colony, as water abundantly supplied is, and which will also furnish the means of the most productive kind of cultivation by irrigating the soil — must "pay" in the true and statesmanlike meaning of the word. It will make the tract of country which: now . gives but a scanty living, to a few hundreds of people, furnish a prosperous existence to thousands and tens of thousands of industrious fami lies. This is the only way in which a public project of creative industry should, or does, "pay"; just as.it is. the only way in which taxes "pay," or the police, the army and the navy " pay." It is necessary to the growth in numbers, prosperity, and civilization, of population within a given tract- of territory ; and it must, therefore, like food, be provided. And the only real question for consideration is, as to the source whence funds for the necessary outlay are to he obtainod, and in what manner is the burden of this outlay to be distributed, so as to fall as lightly and as equally as possible upon the people. It is because neither the Government nor the deputation appear to have matured views, or, indeed, any views at all, upon this, the one vital consideration of the whole business, that we are inclined to look upon the systematic supply of water to the gold- fields as a remote contingency at present, and to regard the Ministerial movement respecting it as mere elec tioneering coquetry and a popularity- hunting manoeuvre. We shall bo but too well pleased if the result prove we are mistaken in this respect ; but the present aspect of the affair precludes any very sanguine expectations con cerning it. The Age of yesterday, contradicts our state ment about n meeting of the liberal section of the Ministerial supporteisto express their disap probation at the nenr Land Bill, and in a most offensive manner denies that any letter sent toit by Mr Ramsny was ever suppressed. The facts of the case are nearly as fo'l.w : — A few even ings ago Mr Ramsay, M.P., who had jotted down on pnp-r a sort of protest against the bill, ii the form of a communication to Mr Heales, called at the Ago office with a view of having the letter inserted in its columns ; there he had an interview with the gentleman who suffers or enjoys the reputation of being its editor. After a long conversation Mr Ramsay left the letter with tho editor, he under taking to lorward it to Mr Heales. Whether or not this was done we know not, but on the following, day the letter was returned to Mr Ramsay, and, judging from Mr Henlcs's remarks on Tuesday evening, lie would appear in the interim to have become acquainted witli its con tents. Now, tills interference on the part of the editor of the Age appears to us to be most improper. It was doing the dirty work of the Mioistry with a vengeance. His duty was cither to insert the letter or to reject it. lie had no right to act as tho go-between of Mr Ramsay or of Mr Heales. In doing so he ceased to be the censor morura, and became tbe mere pnrtijnn of the present Ministry. We understand that several prominent mem bers of the liberal party iHtend hoi ling a meeting ia the course of a few days, for tbe purpose of considering the provisions of the present Land Bill. Several members of Parliament have been invited to attend. We direct attention to a notice from the Chief Harbour Master which appears in another column, intimating that a red flag by day and two white lights by night will be exiiibited to show vvhe-e the schooner Melbourne lies that yesterday was capsized by a squall in tbe Western Chnnncl. On Monday next the licensed victuallers hold a meeting at the llaymarkct Theatre, at three o'clock, with reference to Mr Micliic's Publicans' Bill. By the Rnngatlrn which arrived yesterday from Sydney, we have dates from Near South Wales to 16th last nt, and Queensland to 9th instant. The Coorong brings us dateR from Adelaide to 17 ill instant. In consequence of tho parade of ihe volunteor force, ordered for this day, the committee regret that the band cannot play in Pitzroy Gardens, but it will perform on Monday evening instead. The late rains having rendered tho ground nt Emcrnld Hill rather too soft for military move ments, the parado will not be h-ld there, but the several metropolitan and suburban co ps will assemble in battalion at the places sppointcd by the brigade order in another column, and the system of route marching will then be resorted to, by which n'.I the companies will meet nt a given place, probably close to tho Grammar school, and after being put through the battalion drill, will be marched back to their respective parade grounds. A special meeting of the Provincial Grand Lodge of the Loyal Orange institution was held last evening nt the Protest nt Hall, for the purpose of electing trustees fo.- that edifice. The Grand Master, brother W. Cole, occupied tbo eliair. The following members were eleeled as trustees: — .Messrs Robert Morrow, Win. Hinds, Henry Roberts, Joshua Cowell, and Wm. Strong; after which the following address was presented by brother Joe. Phair ou behalf of the Grand Lodge, to the Grand Master, who is about to sail for Europe in the Lincolnshire : — To William Cole, Esq, Provincial Grand Master Loyal Orange Institution of Yictorln (in con nection witli the Grand Lodge of Ulster.) Right Worshipful Sir aiid Brother, — " Tho Provincial Grand Lodge of Victoria cannot allow you to dcpnrt from .he colony without conveying to you their appreciation of the faithful and valuable services rendered by you in promoting tho best interests if Orangeism in Victoria, for which they desire to tender, their warmest thanks, and to assure you of tho high and well-deserved esteem in vi-liick you . aro held, not only by the Grand Lodge, but also by the members of the institution generally. The departuie from the colony of an energetic and valuable brother must at nil times be regretted, the less however in this instance is considerably diminished by tho Grand Lodge having every renson to look forward with con fidence and satisfaction to the lasting benefits which tliey expect r will accrue irom the official reports you are authorised to lay. before (he Grand Lodge of Great Britain, and Ireland respecting tho sntislact.rypositlon of the Loyal Orange Institution in this land, and tbey entertain a well grounded hopo that your ion- sultatlona with the grand lodges of the mother eountry will result in tho still further advance ment of Orangeism throughout tbe continent of Auslraiin. The grand lodge 6lneerc y trusts that under the mercies of a gracious providence you may be safely conducted to the shores of England, and, when It may please you to return to Australia they iiopc that you may lie found as heretofore, an unflinching defender of civil and religious liberty, and a worthy member of tiie Orance Institution. Given under our hands and seal of the Provincial Grand Lodge of Victoria, at Melbourne, this 19th day of l'cbiu- ary, 1804." Last night's Ballaarat Post says: — " Mr Davcoport, an inmate of the B'enevoleut Asylum, and who unexpectedly received a legacy of LIB, 090, has given L20 towards the funds of tho institution, which supported him and ministered to his infirmities. Tho great success which lias attended the former encampments of tho volunteers, lias in duced the authorities to again adopt that mode as a means of imparting military instruction. By placing the volunteers under canvas, many desirable objtcts are gained. A largo number of nun from all parts of the country are massed tu- gcthe: , and brought in direct contact. They are there to some extent habituated to a camp life, and learu to experience some few, at least, of the hardships which soldiers have to en dure when on active service. From the busi ness engagements of. tboso who have given thei - time to the volunteer movement, it is not at all times easy or desirable to take them out of their owu particular districts, and therefore they have not often the opportunity of being brigaded, and it is only on occasions of eneampments that they are enabled now and then to appear together, and prove as a whole to what greRt efficiency the volunteer movement has attained in this colony. Tho first two encnmpnientB were held on the Werribec Plains, and the third at the Barwon. How successful all three were is already well known, and tho memory of the plea sant days and jolly nights passed oa the Werribec plains in, the Easter ofl860 will no doubt long remain, in the recollection of those whe took part in that memorable master. The Barwon encampment was formed for the pur- poso of iustructiou,. the latitude allowed on former occasions was much curtailed, and Ihe result was that a greater amount of real work was performed. From its distance from Mel bourne this camp was not visited by such num bers as flocked to the Werribee, and the smaller number of volunteers who were present must bo attributed to the same cause. Tills year the encampment is to bo held nt Sunbury, one of the prettiest and pleasantest spots on tho line of the Victorian railways, where thore is plenty of timber and withal an abundant supply of excell ent water, the want of which was tho great drawback to th: site selected nt Geelong The time fixed is that great holiday season of the year — Raster — when everybody from tho mem ber of parliament to the hard worked apprentice claims a ho'iday. Easter week la always a blank, in the year so far as business matters are concerned, and therefore this particular lime is adnurnbly suited for holding a volunteer camp, as it will be within the provinco ol nearly every member to ntteud-and share in the move ments and displays which are then to take place. The site has not yet been selected, but Mnjor Pitt will some day next week visit Sunbury, and decide upon an cligibio spot. Easter Mon day, on whirh day the men will be called upon to attend, falls upon the 2811? of next month, and the encampment will be continued for tlio first three days in that week. Tuesday will be the principal day for the sight-scccrs, as the great sham fight will then take place. In order to more thoroughly carry out the inten tions for which the cam p is to be formed, the volunteers shou'd be called upon to do everything for themselves, even to cooking their own ra tions; fir it certainly does seem somewhat absurd that privates should go into onrap for two or throe days, loaded with portmanteaus, and fur nished with nil the luxuries of air bods, and other etceteras, as though about to undertake a long nnd arduous journey. By dispendag with a few comforts, they will more easily realise what a camp life really is, nnd likewise be in a better position to submit to privations, should they nt any time be cnlled upon to endure tbem. In the disputo between the Great Extended and tbe Koli-i-Noor companies at Ballaarat, which recont'y 1 d 'to the display of so alarming an array of policemen, better counsels are prevailing. The Extended Company agrees to withdraw from further operations nt Ihe point of diADUte Deildinrr tho hpnrfnrr nf fha enil »!. forthcoming sittings of the Court of Mines, nnd has consented to n survey being made hy Mr Davidson to-day (Friday), on behalf of tho Koh-i-Noor company for the purpose of ascer taining the levels of the ground in and about the area in dispute. A meeting of the Melbourne Railway Com pany was held yesterday, but the proceedings were of a private nature. The new novel by Miss BradJon, " Eleanor's Victory," the Melbourne publisher of which is Mr George Robertson, ought, we think, to com mand an extensive sale here. The admirers of the authoress are very numerous, and this the latest product of her fertile pen is in every way equal to its predecessor", being full of stirring incidents, nnd written in that kind of semi- epigrammatic style for which she is uistln- guished. The frequent accounts in tho country papers of attempts, too often successful, at fire raising on the farms show that there are some prcciius scoundrels amongst the vagrant harvest hsnds. The Ballaarat Stnr says : — " On Thursday morning week, about two o'clock, a fire broke out on tlio property of Mr Robt. Kiipatrick, which I nm happy to say was quickly extin guished, thinks to the workmen about tho place. Messrs M 'Queen'sslcnm tbreihingmacliine was at work ail day . At right every care was taken to see that the fire of tbe engine was properly put out. Mr Kirkpntrick saw nil the men into their beds and thought all safe for the night. As the engine was standing east and west, and the wind was blowing from the south-west, it shows that if there had been any fire left iu the engine it was impo sible it could come against the wind. About two o'clock ia the morning a rustling noise of fire was heard by the engine-driver, who quickly called out for help. Tho men Jumped out of bed in their shirts, nnd after a hard strug- le succeeded in mastering tho fire. If they had not, the whole premises must have gone. There were about one thousand bushels of oats and twenty tons of hny on tbe ground, nnd steam machine, hotel, nnd nil must have gone. It is the general belief that some spiteful .'person had set tho plaoo on fire. Mr Kirkpntrick and Messrs M'Queen Bros have offered L19 each as a rewnrd." The inhabitants of Beechworth were lately tre ited to n novel equine feat. A horse was tied to a post in a blacksmith's shop in Star lane, Beechworth, when from some cause or other ho took fright. The rope hy which he was fastened was tied round his neck, and he succeeded in breaking away with the post dragging nt his heels. An American wagon happened to he drawn up in Ford street, oppo site the end of tho lane, and tha horse took a flying leap over both the shaft horses in the wagon, getting his feet entangled in the reins and falling on his back iu the middle of the road. Before he could be secured he regained his feet and galloped up tlio street, to the im minent danger of several women and children. The post w :e still attached to the rope, and ful filled the functions of tho tin kettle which mta- pehicrous boys sometimes tie to the talis of dogs, j Vi'hen opposite tho gaol tho log was left behind, and the horse caught. A meeting of the various rowing clubs was held at Marshall's hotel yesterday, to consider a suggestion front the Melbourne Club to establish a scries of four-oared boat races, similar to those which took place last year. The proposal was warmly approved of, nnd it was resolved that the first match, open to all amateurs, should take place on Saturday, 6th March, the ontraocc money to bo 2s Cd. The management of tiie races was intrusted to the following gentlemen : — Messrs IV. Cowper, A. Brown, II. F. Norton, E. T. M'Allister, M. Byrne, — Mnin, J. H. Thompson, and G. Corrick. Entries may bo made at Marshall's hotel, Swanston street, and nt the Sir Henry Bnrkly hotel, Richmond, the night previous to tho match, and at Fuller's boat-house up to one o'clock on tho day of the race, Mr W. Sydney Gibbons, nnnlyticni chemist, was sued in the County Court, yestcrdny, by Mr James Keenc, a surgeon, for the rccsvcry of LIS -8s.. -The claim was composed of L8 for board and lodging, about L3 for property de stroyed, and the buiance for medical books. The properly wns damaged one night ia an exciting chase after a oat, which had by some means got into tho defendant's room, nnd by its noise was preventing liiin from obtaining the full benefit of rcposo. Tlio nnirani was bentcn to death with the poker, which was broken in the fray. Mr Keene gave a graphic description of tlio hunt, as recited to liiin next morning by Mr Gibbons. The defendant said that the cats in the house were a great nuisance, that lie and tlio plain tiff.made common cause against them, that several lial been killed previously, and that lie believed Mr Keene had conducted post mortem examinations on the remains. As for the claim for board, he submitted that he had only lodged in tho house for about three weeks ; he was not bound for a longer peri-id than thnt time, and besides, tho accommodation had been wretched, owing in a grent measure to the illness of the housekeeper. He ndmitted that he had once thrown a loaf of bread out of tho window, but that it was because it was saturated witli water, and he could not get a dry piece ofl'it. He might have said he would be d d if he euuld eat that bread, but he denied having invoked blessings on the servant's eyes. L4 had been paid into Court, and tho judge gave a verdict for a further sura of L3 for rent, aud Ll 10s for the medical books; but he refused to acknowledge the claim for the broken poker. Tho Melbourne correspondent of the Ballaarat Stat says, " Tho ' tall ' assertion about tali thistles of Mr Pope, M.L.A,, some days ago in the Assembly, and which certainly surprised others besides thnt gentleman's confreres in the House has received ample corroboration from several quarters: A ' tall ' fact or two might have been found in the shape of a few tali thistles hardly a stone's throw from the Treasury had it been required. The following letter not only substantiates what Mr Pope asserted, but does more : — Mark M. Pope, Esq., M.L.A., Houses of Parliament, Melbourne. Tall Thistles. Sir, — If those exceedingly well informed legis lators who raisod a laugh against you about the ' tall thistles will only ride through Choke-em- Flnt, Fryer's Creek, they will find n Inrge patch of thistles there ; and I undertake to say that the longest necked and longest eared man amongst them, seated on tho tallest horse lis can find, cannot see over the taps of those thistles. Yours, etc., Gnonoii Mebkifield, Castle- malne, 12th February .' " The annual meeting and soiree of the Vic torian Phonetic Society, which is to take place on Wednesday nex', Jat tho Victoria Grammar School, Collins street, will bs ' of an unusually interesting description. The programme as arranged by the csmmittee last evening, is as folluws : — After ten has been disposed of, tho annual report will be read, and the office bearers for the present year elected. The President will then distribute the society's prizes, and a few short addresses will be deli vered, after which some readings from the works of Dickens will be given by Mr James Smith. During the evening a well selected programme of vocal music will be rendered by a number of ladies and gentlemen, including Miss Liddle nnd Miss Budden, who havo given their services for tbe occasion. The usual fortnightly lecturo was delivered at the Benevolent Asylum on Thursday evening by f. P. Hill, MrT. Dickson, one of tlio com mittee of manngemcntin the chair. There were upwards of 250 inmates present. Mr Hill read extracts from the writings of the authors of the ' Song of the Shirt" and "Paul Dombey." In alluding to Hood and Dickens, Mr Hill passed a warm eulogium on the late lamented Thackeray in connection with his review of Hood's life, and stated that he believed that vera Diekens to visit Australia, he would find himself nowhere so much at homo as in con tributing to the amusement of the inmales of our benevolent institutions. A vote of thanks, in poetry, was carried to the lecturer; and the chairman, in announcing the Rev George Maekie, of South Ya.'rn as the next lecturer, stated that he had promises from the clergy of oil denominations, ns well as our leading literary men, to assist in carrying on a scheme as amusing as it is instruetive. Ballaarat West is generally supposed to be inimical to the health of children, nnd at the present time disenso is making fearful ravages in tho family ef Mr M'Dermott, the barrister. The Star says" No fewer than four ofhischildrcnlinve been ill with scarlatina, and yesterday one died, while one or more of the others were yesterday in a very dangerous Btate. This visitation is the more painful, as previously there had been four deaths in the learned gentleman's family." In the County Court, yesterday, Thomas Dollard, a toll-gntc keeper on the St Kilda road, sued Richard Hill, another tellkcepsr, for L19 for assault. It seemed that cn Christmas Eve, about eleven o'clock, Mrs Dollard had taken some supper to her husband, when Mrs Hill colled out to the plaintiff, " Why don't you mind your business instead of talking to that woman." Mrs Dollard feeling herself insulted went to Hill's house to have an explanation, when the defendant put her out, nnd on her husband coming to her rescue. Hill attacked him, knocked him down, and severely injured his shoulder. The defence was that the assault wns justifiable, as Mrs Dollard had improperly intruded into the house, and that when she was being quietly ejected the plaintiff assaulted Hill. The Judge gavo the plaintiff L15 damages and four guineas costs. Mr Bindon appeared for the plaintiff, nnd Mr Quinian for the defendant. A correspondent, in n communication to the M. A. Mali, from Muckleford, nn agricultural district In the vicinity of Castlemaiue, says " Taking tho avorngo of the hay crop, it is a decided iucruiso on that of last year. As yet it is impossible to state the probable yield of oats, as farmers are unable to thresh out the grain owing to the great scarcity of skilled hands at this kind of work, nnd tho total absence of ma chinery for that purpose. But where the grain has been sown, chiefly for homo consumption, the yield has been 'air for the soil of the district, which, as a whole, is too light for wheat growing. Rust in wheat has here and there prevailed, but not to tha extent it has in other parls of the colony. Farmers are beginning to speak about the ndvlsability of sending their hay to Mel bourne, where it commands n much higher price than it does in the neighbouring markets. If they come to satlsfaelory arrangements with the railway authorities, who, by-tlie-bye, are very particular, a gooi deal of that article of produce will find its way to them tills season, for it is indisputable that hay at L4 per ton won't pay." The Ovens Constitution gives the following remarkable instance of recovery from choking at the Beechworth gaol. It says, " A lunatic, who was in the habit of bolting his food without mastication, got n lump of meat stuck in his larynx, which stopped his respiration. Dr Dempster was sent for nnd came immediately, when ho found tho patient in articulo mortis. The action of the heart had ceased, the body was livid, the evacuations were voided, and there was every appeariure of death. ' Tbe dtetor, how ever managed to extract the piece of meat, and produced artificial respiration by compressing the chest. To the surpriso of every one, the supposed dead man gave a gasp, and in a short time wm going about as if nothing had happened." The occurrence of a fatal accident nt Stock yard Hill, on Wednesday, to n man in tho em ploy of Mr West, is communicated t> the Ballaarat Star. While forking sheaves from the dray the vehicle upset, and the fork entered the man's body near the heart, causiug death in a few hours. Oa the subject ef the alleged Bank gold- buying frauds at Costlemaino, the M. A. Mail says : — " We have now before us the copy of a wii', which has been served on Mr Thomas Hodgens, of. Chewton, by .Messrs Fnrton and Ilellin?, at the instance of Mr Taite, late agent for the bank in question. The plaintiff seeks to recover the sum of L5000 damages (with L5 costs), by way of compensation for the injuries he has sustained by the publication of Mr Hodgcns's charges." A copy of Warreu's Household Physician has been forwarded to us by the Melbourne pub lisher, Mr Stephens. It contains n vast nmount of useful uintter, and will he especially ser viceable to persons residing in the bush, where the services of n medical man cannot easily be obtained. The author, who is of high standing in America, lias written it in a plain nnd Biinplc manner, easily intelligible to non- professional persons, and the volume is illustrated by numerous engravings nnd coloured lithographs. An action was tried in "iiio County . Court yesterday between Esther Ellis nnd William Cuddy, a clerk, in the employ of Mr Read, soli citor, to recover L10, the value of n poodle dog destroyed by the defendant. It appeared that on the 9th November last one of Mr Cuddy's children, when going to school, nt Prahran, was bitten by n dog belonging to the plaintiff. When Mr Cuddy heard of it lie proceeded in company witli a policcmnn to Mrs Ellis's house, nnd demanded thnt the dog should be destroyed, and on the plaintiff's refusing ho picked up nn iron bar and struck it several times on tlio head, leaving it for dead. It did not, however, nctually die till tiie following day. The dog was an unregisterei oncj Mr Newton who ap peared far the defendnnt, contended that Ll (which was paid into Court) was sufficient com pensation for the animal, which was in tho Iinbit of biting the chi'dren in tiie neighbourhood. Mr Croeswell submitted far the plnintiif that Mr Cuddy's acts were quite unjustifiable, ns bin proper remedy wns to take out n summons. Tho J udge agreed with this argument, and gavi the plaintiff a verdict for Ll in addition to the sum paid into Court. At the City Police Court, yesterday, three mcu named J ames Randall, Michael Sullivan, nnd — Jenkins, were charged with committing a highway robbery, with violence, upon a bulloek- driver named William Hanley. It appeared that the prosecutor, who was some vhat the worse for drink, lost his way about twelve o'clock on the previous night, nnd got into what is known as Brogan's Right-of-way. He saw there two men, and asked one of them the wny to his lo 'giugs, when the man threw his arm round his nsck, and a struggle ensued, iu which both fell to the ground. Hanley then called out for help, when ono of the other men kicked him on the forehead, but Hanley being n power ful fellow, he, -to use his own term, "bested" them, and got upon his feet just ns Sergeant Sumtnerhnyescnme up. Summerhayes.managed to sceure Randall and Sullivan, but Jenkins, , who would seem to have acted as watchman, effected his escape, but was captured some hours after at his lodgings. The men were remanded until Monday next for the evidence of a woman who witnessed the affuir. Sergeant Suramer- hnyes is entitled to much credit for the manner in which he secured Randall and Sullivan. The man Geo. Watson, who was remanded on Monday last, at the City Police Court, on a chnrgc of attempting to fire his dwelling in n right-of- way off Lonsdale street, was yesterday committed for trial by the City Bench. The Crcswick Advertiser of yestcrdny, spen'c- of the previous day, 6ays "A gale of unusual fury, accompnnied with n thunderstorm, pre vailed yesterday afternoon nt Kingston. The morning, hot and sultry, wns succeeded by n violent storm with n deluge of rain, but the greatest effect wns experienced about twenty- five minutes past five, wiien the rain came down in torrents, and many of those present at the meeting of the Shire Council watched from the windows, with much interest, the effect of the tornado upon the solitary walls of Kingston church, which, however, appeared to brave tho utmost violence of the storm. During the time that it lasted, the atmospheric, disturbance was awfully grand." At the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants Aid Society, held on Friday, the Superintendent mode the follow ing return Number of inmates in the Home, as reported last week, 603 ; admitted since, 29 ; per.ons who have received out-door relief, 73 total relieved, 705; discharged fr-m the Home during the week, 39 ; toti-1 at present remaining, 593; consisting of children chargeable to Government, 434; cases chargeable to the Society, 159. The half- yearly soiree cf the St. Peter's I oung Men's Associati' n was held last evening in ihe schoolroom adjoining the church, on the Eastern Hill. Tho Revs Messrs Hnndfleld and Giiberlson were present. After the good things on the tables had been done full justice to, Mr James Smith gave some readings from " David Coppcrflcld," which were exceedingly well re ceived. Messrs Beaumont, Mortley, and Young added much to the pleasure of the evening by their pleasing rendering of some very popular songs, Mr St. Clair delivered some selections from the " Merchant of Venice" with fair taste, shortly after which the evening's entertainment closed. The Ballaarat Star states that it has heard of several persons who state that tliey distinctly felt the vibration of tho recent earthquake. Both in BuIIaarat and in the Buhurbs the shaking is said to have been felt, and in some cases a noise 99 of & blast was heard. " Mr Kitz, the watchmaker," says the Gee- long Advertiser, "has just received a very elegant silver cup, as a gift from the Confede ration of Switzerland, to be shot for by tho Swiss colonists of Victoria, on, an early day to be named. Mr Kitz also informs us that at some riflo shooting matches in Switzerland several prizes were taken by Bomo old Victorian colonists, natives of the land of Tell." . " Venice Preserved " drew n very numerous house at the Theatre Royal lost evening, nnd the performances were rcce'ved with the enthu siasm customary with audiences nt this establishS meat. To-night the entertainment includes " Taming tho Shrew," " Tho Rose of Amiens," and n popular farca. " II ITovatoro " continues attractive at tho Royal Hnymarket, but as novelties are In preparation for next week, it will be played' for tlio last time this evening. Miss Howson's splondid performance of Leonora ought to command a crowded audience. 