.% ELBArïOB^HB-PRiaOHBBrTT irrm¿h\\\owfog'Oomiannlea,\U>vi>*wi*n in- tl Melbourne 4çe t¿¿ f.-:?.???> During ¿be last eight eeo months, in Toy week TisUs to tbe eentral'gaol, I have'had forced- upi mr notion at lew* one very urgent want, whit requires only-io be mentioned, in'-order to be tat np and dealt with by this Christian - communia I had fully intended to'have called attention to before; bot the daring attempt on the Collin wood Bank, and the shooting of Marsh, stood i the way. I was afraid that the excrement of tl -time might lead many to misinterpret roy meat ing. i 1\. Let me at once say,' I am not to put in plea for the mitigation of - punishmen', or in an Tray to complain of onr criminal lews. - So far as understand them, I am of opinion that they ai Just ebon' what they should be.> Perhaps, sa i -the case of Woods and Carver, 'hey are too seven bat my object is not to complain 2\. I have no compUint in référença to tbe gao It is admirably conduced; and all its leanings ar to mercy's side. All the officers'there, mate o female, fi om Mr.'. Wintle downwards, I feel bourn to siy, seek very ca efnlly to dó- their duty. The; tave rules and regulations . to gd by, and the; adhere to them. , As to tho more perfect sys'eri of classification, Ido not see how that oin bi carried ont, unli ss yon at-on M nuke the. centra gaol a second stock ide. Men awaiting trial ian ell ii nocent in the eye of the law. . - If, befon trial, you classify them, you ia fact ' pronounci them guilty. As to the ease alluded to by Har fison before he died; the corruption cud eontami nation were there a'ready, The yonth he reforre: to was not the raw, unsophisticated lad he though! hi'n to be. 3\. I may add that, in tbe gaol I have fount] one of the most in'erdBiing fields of Christiar philtntliropy that any one could possibly desire, A more order!y, earnest congregation of worship- pers cannot be found thantbo-o I address , on the Friday mornings. And though over-burdened ' IE the work, next to. the p storato of my own con. grfgalion, this is tbe laat I would consent to give np.. " .. .> 4\. Pa BRI Dg. from all this sa merely preliminary, let me put iny .plea thus :-Inside the gaol, the prisoners are well fed and well'clotbed, . abd. the result ia they are in good health. But the day for the, liberation draws nf ar. . An outsider wou'd think that such a conf ummatiort would bo devoutly wished. And so it is, yet with fear and trembling, The'day comes. , The prisoner has to' lay .aside his ff^öd» clean, comfortable prison dress, pnt on the fi by, toni rags he'had on when brought in, end in this st tte, by order of hw, he ia locked outside'the gaol, and is bñoé more "a free mani But,T 1 ask job, , and, all who sit at ease'at horne', you who think liberty such a boon, wbat :' is' this criminal to do ? He has -been in gaol for ono or two, or it m«y, be five years. , : He bas resolved, God helping him, never to'drink strong drtnk^ any more, and never to not but as an honest man. ' .Well, what ÎB he to do? Will you; roy gentle friend, take bim for your servant? ' Who will tïnst him ? Ho has oeen in gaol. He is henceforth a marked man, and, if he has no friend,, I 'say. God pity him, there; is noVwondtr if ho becomes a worse crirrynal than'èver.' The truth is that, io all our legislation, our Christian and philanthropie enterprises, the liberated prisoner has been comp'etely lost s'ght of. Havirjg brdnght hiB punishment upon him eelf-iaving been incarcéra;ed for a given period, society thinks that it has nothing more to do with him.' 'This 'punisbrüeut', however, ii to be useful , v- ti.fr I : üaan'8. "We mask db something . ri. our* .-If, a» , Bat a few cases,are better \- íi>: ...any uxuments. The other Saturday morn-, 't; a poor fellow'came to mo-and ho is ono out of :; . yat many who visit me as soon, as. they are -.orated; be teas in rags, filthy, polia ted rags. He was_p risbihg horn cold and hunger., He had bec me a free man the day, before. What was he to do ? Where could, he go ? He had behaved, well in gaol, and, because of this, got back-to what ? ActnûV starvation. Wheteas bad he behaved baily, be would still have been well fed and olothed. In .those' abominable rags, he could not ask apyona for work. What could I t'o with him but clo'he and feed him, put half-a crown in his band, and biri him go to'the country and put his trust in,the God of the poor and needy? And, again .and again^a dozen times and moro-I have done this. And, ,tn almost every instanco, snob parties have gone ;tp the country' and have eventually got employed. .Very frequently I'wrote before to some friend, asking him to dp the Good fe'omari'an's part and ¿ive the poor mari a trial, t C. V\ pother case. ' He,ia an old man and infirm ; and after two or three night-.' exposure he becomes .aor' elimatta that he can hadly.wa k. What is he to do? ' He, cannot get anything toido., Nobody will have anything to do with him. Ip his last . extremity he' turns'up:át South Yarra. You can-; riot hide yourself from your own flesh. Some men: write very, hard and bitter things against ministers, BB if they were all a money-loving sot. ,:I declare, when'thesè poor men come to me my heart grows sick, to, think, th^^ l-tíavejfopd and clothing, end they b^ye^nbnè. ,Tb\consequence is, they are fed and oloihed, ancl, incase of the,aged, sent to tbe 'mmigrants*'! Some, at the expense of the .sender.' ,' ï,àbn't grudge this, bot the,oases are so many that private .charity, is often, pUced fairly *w fifâifiki'* ;«'. j" Ü ,., " -iii', v. 6\. Take^thè caso pf the female prisoneri. Again and again I, have, togged some, of my friends to take one;_ofihem pntriai,, $ut tho only reply ls, " imppssibje." Occasionally, onç , or two, can be Beni totWRgfugf, bùt^t.ÎB.by far top small ¿oré eeive alignât, are willing to gp, ¿rid ¿tie funds are not sufficient. (''Besîdes. eyen .when in tbe Befuge, they ate apjt tcj bè'f decoyedj, açay,, by, éy¡l". oom paniorisi bçtng ^b)ea somehow, to ta k with them, tbtongfy the, fence; W.ltat can these forlorn, ones then dp.?. , Bimply, for dear life, go back lo drink and every; j«vi Woy.. ,¡ To meet this class of, cases, there is Reeded .either, a mpre capacious, refuge, or 7\. Tôlière'is1 snottier c)a?sof oases rrioro. dist ress ing than ftnvjygtjmantione£ ''(lItistbat.bt.dia.welU eduoated^punff nicb^.' From this effeç Sf of.fa?!, life, msny'of ..'tgem, find their way, into, gaol, .'As obildrap'i^it^óa'f'fómils,' ars¡ cast, adrift .upon, the world! ^Buj what aro. ytjfi, ip do, wjdijthBm, 'Whon free.f, ,$liej, have jbéen accuitbrrie^. .oñjy. tto in the " tho pen," and hence tbey csnoot do mère h» labour. What' ere-'yöa'. to do' w}ib. (bern ? ,-' A bey ta out out'as'to b»fe nb «eooad opporlan( of: proving that, henceforth they meen to do well Is|tbe^orId i tbpy are to be Isbmaelitesî God forbid. Mdt a criminal might live'to be ari honor to his kind he' only bad the chance. And tba work of helpir these can be done, bat there must be some organ sa ion set oncost to^srry it on, With the bel . of]a few friends 1 have began it ; bat individu \-- effort cannot meet every ease. More than tweh months asco a yoong tran was sent tb a foreig country, the expense being borne'by a few friend From that day to this be has done' well. -Si months ago another went to another foreign Ian? and from the centre of India be writes to than me, and to'say, "I ara in receipt' i-f 100 rupee per month and my keep, j I thankcGod, and hop to do well." . Very recently anbther set forth for distant land. The firm hé had very grievously it jurad put the means of his outfit'"and .' passag into my: hands, so impressed were they with th plan I "mentioned1 to them, land my ' hopis is tbe I that young man "will yet live' to redeem the pas' ( Here these young mon have no chance. An suppose they had» old companionships1 are' apt t c.mo back' upon theni, and lead then down't destruction. But, away in this wide world c God's, they bave a fresh opportunity of rising. " Kot very long ago, in lecturing in one of th suburbs, on " Vast Life'; ' its Cause and Cure, the chairman of the meeting sent me a'cheque fo £5 to help in'cases such es' I have' now beet sta iog. With that; I have sent several men U] the country,' and they are 'now in employment With that, also, I have prosured eyesigh for the aged by getting good1 spec'ade for them. Let me commend thii matter to your care, and to the'consideration o the public, and especially such members of it ai Mr. P". Wilson. Here is a .noble-field '. f jr tht philanthropy of those who have money to epare . And by means of this .many will bless them: J have spoken to several'gentlemen of position ant , standing in Melbourne, and io all cases have met with approval as to the necessity of something being done nt onoo so as to meet the case. I havt also asked a few if they wonld be willing to aot ai a committee, and tbey have given their : consent For myself, in a business bf this , kind, J conk have nothing to do with motley. Be&id;ës, to do ii well, ve: y great care wonld require to be exerciser, in order to prevent imposition. The following lines were copied and sent to me by a young mac , in gaol. , He is looking forvard.to his liberation and here are.his thoughts ? M " When gathorioir clouds aroand I view, . And days are dark and friends are few,. On Hi tn I'll lean «ho, not In va.in,, . ! Experienced ever jr human piin., He soothes nry sorrows,' calms my fears, And counts and treasurei Up my tears." And thea he adds-« It will be a bard base and ? severe for me to go from " this place without the ¡slightest propped of anything'to do, and without i having even a change ef clothing, or where to lay .my head;"- : ' . - - i; >; ; " To him who falls tho world ia cold, His orime will never once forgive, It oares not w.hat hu heart m\y hold, - Bow great bia struggles ara to Ure. Then frown not on tho fallen one. . Bat lead him kindly on lilt way ; His life may yet glide calmly on, ' His night of Borrow chane« to day. For deeds of mercy, awoet aa prayer, Like unseen angels nt oar sido, Lift from the mind ito tortarlng cares, And in the past oar errors hide." ' Again rnmendinj; this to your kind considera- tion - : of your readers, I am,.yours faith ,-r ,v Í.U--.-V u lt- . ;. t..,.;-. ..i '.M. ..>?... h. .inn .i<>t..UH' .?'si «;M rr.I ? fi- ji.'i' «i J was,loar,years o|d, , ooo ii aw.mi >..( ?>.« . .no's twins io the twenty-four boure, «nd -then el M _ There lately diel ot Seepes Vallarya an old man ?8,years cf ORB, WOO left 10,000 otarra by will for tbot wno might attend,bia funeral, ¡with an iojanatlon. thi they ehoald'not leere tbe hoqse of, moorolng till tbt ti.d drank tó his memory ell tba wine in his cellar. ls siid that tbs wieb of the deo'cas'id w*a entirely fu filled. , - ' THE BISHOP OF OXPOBD'B EXPLANATION.- The follow inp; letter bus been addressed by the Bishop of Oxford to clergyman of his lordship's diocese in reference to tho la clerioal ooriferenoe at Orford: " Angúnt 17, 1664. Mat thanks f jr jour very, ¿ind letter. I had not seen eithor t the nowspaperextraotsyouBcnd rae; but if I badlahould ni have answered them It is a hopeless endeavour to set on' »elf right by answering anything, and if you reply, to ot you must to all. I theretoro leave mattors'to right'then solves. It is quito a different mktter reply irte'to jon', an I do it with the greatest pleaaura ' I said nothing of tl ?ort attribnted to me in these extracts. Ferhapi tbe Bab) ii was too abstruse to be treat»d_ so briefly . anet bas led ' misapprehension. In brief ray Bël'êTis this:-The who Bible comes to us as'the .Word of God,'under the sanotit ol God the Holy Ghost. We cannot plpk aad ohoose amidi ita contents. AU is God a Word'to tis. Batnslbeliei that tblB which I hold as tho orthodox view, is encompass* with marjy difficulties by what is called tho theory ' Verbal inspiration,' I desired to show how,'ia my jud j ment, a oarefut ecrut:ny of the Bible revealed the, ' jjivit manner in wbioh tho Holy Ghost speak B. I Some'im by the mere mechanical cs i, of the banian agent who co veyed the meesage : as when (1 ) God wroto words on t' first .tables, or, (2 j dtotated i them for the eeoond, or (I oommit cd them to prophets simply to repeat, or (4) spal through I he prophets. Il Sometimos bv posieêsing t haman inBtrnmont with a complete knowledge of, that 1 I-ai to speak and leaving him to express, it under the me suggestions and guardianship of his own apeoial presen acoordinç, to the natural ase of, tito haman faoili ¡es dts'red, l say, to show, kow this would greatly lessen the difficulties' and enable men to rcaliso the essential differ on between'holy Soriptnreand any other booka-narady tbt as all1 troth cornea from God other books may be in a son said to be inspired beoause they are trno, but holy Boriptu alone! can bc affiimad to bo true .because it is inspire You are quito free to make any] use of thia'yon seo fit-I a ever yours moat truly. - '. " S. OXOH." A MoDEnN OnsoN.--Muob'excitement has . prevail) in S fa Ldale, Ardendale, the borders of Westmoreland aa well BB af., Bai nerd Castle and Biobmond, by tbe pr ceedicgi of a mao who lived in the woods and on tl moore. Ile waa of middle height, and thocgh of slcntfi triildj ba porsessed'considerable'tnuecular powe', is,wi evideneed by bis surprising nativity. His olnthing ott Elated' of o fragment of au,old dressing.gowni reaobie (rom bis waist to bis knee?, fattened round ii im with cord, and a few rage alington lo his shoulders. His fei arid liga were covered wita dry black mud." His,ba and bpard were long and matted; Bavin'g "whioh tberV we hntbing ferocious in hla:a»peoi, lila features bei g hate rally, ¡mild,> and not aupiepofseBSiof, Ouoasionally h bad apptosohed ' farm-tiouaea ; and ai Scargill ead otbt plaors hldd.hb'arte'd people bad giren bim food,' wt io ho' bad 'eaten"with"ovifllfy, but' Be'bád 1 létastíd l aoeeptj tbe clothes offered.him; He ratf with wùbdeirft speed] sometimes, leaping into the afr, end gler.eln behind him at cetrly every step,. He seemed lo, hes, no' fixed róntc, but' 'diverged on nach side cf the. way as h nptíli traversed the ground, . "Iiis thought thar he mut in sonja degree bave subsisted upon Boob aSrne'or »ernii a« be could oatoh ;'snJ he baB been observed eat ng tb garbage lying tn the vlolnitj of, farm-houses. Hi v ss pu feptlylnoffenslve ; but bis singular, appearance, and bi mode bf rubbing kod rMfooTnlng,'Bed' terrified knar/ womer) and lohlldten. It 1» related' altó that a ma' living ft a firm near B rnatd.OaBtle bad; risen eiily^t go to tho ooal'pits, bm bad been.to frightened ,byt tb. sodded ap'pearañó'e ,bf the.'" wild mar,'] that be hal, i', ' 'unyoked the hotaési buttitd osok to the house, an ' 'banioijded then doors'and Windows,' There ls1 no'dorit that the ,', vrlldi man;," la; a : barmlest ! lunatic, .'who'- b . , eioapea from oorflaemBn;., Toe,;police hore; b ?eo ó ibu look ont for several' week's, hut bf ve felled io o»t tot* 'Mri dolli *trie l,pràaenï"w'eeï, '"'when" the p-lic . s:ntiön|>d at' Oretiibtidfer »uooee'dei?,'after, an exflitlri , oh. in securing, hlrnj 'Ha'elands remanded oí foú! t tee r nJys io IJortba)|ertot-,ool, in'oidnr tbat-inquirís , mlgbj be( rnad^ ocnoertjlog ^m.~JpY\Mrt auntie, ,j .. J ' ia.,a.-'ñ'J ci.'jttbá c. s J» JJ ./ 