MEMOIRS OF JANE CAMERON A FEMALE CONVICT. ? _ Chai-tbb XLVII.— Tubnino. when Cameron Mnved home, the mistress wa» ?itting up for her. The Evanses were early people, ?ad all was at reit in their house before ten o'clock, on general occatkns. It vat put (en when Cameron reached home, and the cook and nursery- maid had been sent to bed a few minutcB before. When the hoar was late, and Cameron appeared not, Mrs. Evans Bad grown anxious concerning the woman who had Been faithful to her for so long a period. An irregular aclien on the part of a woman-servant, an abtenoe without leave, or an undue extension of leave printed- excites an alarm; with a woman of Cameron's character and antecedents, an alarm ac companied by a grave suspicion. Prompted by the suspicion, and yet desirous of not judging her harshly, Mm. Evans dismissed her servants, and resolved to ait up for Cameron. It wbb a quarter p»Bt ten when the heavy single knock at the door apprised her of tbe servant's arrival, and relieved the mistress at least from one fear that had beset her. 'When I heard her knock,' Mrs. Evans confessed to M its Weston at a later period, ' I could not help exclaiming, 'Thank God !' '' Cameron wag startled by the appearance of Mrs. Evans at the door; her heart plunged still more wildly when the mUtrets atked her to step into ha room for awhile. There wss danger in cross-examination. She did not know how to answer any questions that might be p«t to her. She was not sure that she was sober or looked sober, and her fears tendered her still more eonfnsed ; still, there was no help for it, and she followed her mistresB into the sitting-room, breathing a little freer when assured that Mr. Evans was not there also. ' Yon are very late, Cameron,' was Mrs. Evans's remark. Cameron did not mpond to this — did not allege any excuse fox her tardy appearance in the house. She stood looking down at the carpet, and shuffling one foot over the other in an embarrassed manner. She did not like to utter a falsehood concerning her late return, and preferred to remain silent and abashed. ' I trust that it will not occur again,' siid tbe mistress gravely, after waiting awhile, as though for the answer which had not been forthcoming; ' I place every confidence in you, Cameron, and I hope you will not abate it' 'Na,' answered CuntroD. The mistress paused awhile, and then hszuded the very natural question, ' What has kept you so later Cameren looked in a half -stolid, half-Btupid manner at her mistress. ' Wee], I canna tell,' she said at lnt ; 'I — I lost my wa'.' She wished that she had not uttered that frivolous falsehood the moment afterwards ; she saw the face of flit* Miisitrjiasi uViarimir nwr and cHf* It no tar t.hut \\\ar at«ta. ment was not believed. Mrs. Evans waB a good mistress, but she was a mis tress who objected to be imposed upon. With a de cisiveness very strange to Cameron, she repeated her former caution and dismissed her — ' This must never occur again, Cameron.' 'It shall na,' was Cameron's answer, before she withdrew from her room and went up-staira to her own bedroom, where she began crying from the effects of the day's excitement and its result. She rose early tbe next day, moody and dispirited. She was more corry for all that had occurred in the morn ing than she had been last night, when the evidence of her mistress's first displeasure met her on her return. She had been very wicked, she thought ; she wished that she had found courage to tell the whole truth to her mistress, and that she had courage now to ftce it. She was tired with yesterday's excitement, and wondered where her pleasure had Iain, and what ?he had seen in it to keep her out so late, bhc was disheartened with the thought that by her own action the had directed towards her that suspicion which would for ever afterwards be hard to live down. Tbe questions of her fellow-servants followed to harass her, and she had her first quarrel with the cook, for being anxious to know all the details of the pre ceding holiday. Some high words were interchanged, and a certain portion of them drifted to the upper legions, and brought Mrs. Evans to the scene of con tention. Cameron was reproved quietly but firmly, and went to her room that night more dispirited than ever. From that time set in poor Cameron's winter of dis content. Tbe holiday had upset her, disturbed all her old motives, and rendered her suspicious of ever attaining happiness by honest means. In the tnidet of the quietness of her put life — that still life to which she had grown accustomed, and wherein she bad been learning to become a better woman— came the phan toms to scare her from all that she had been taught was worth striving for. That which would have been a passing sorrow to minds more stable than Jane Cameron's became a trouble ; there was an upheaving — a burden under ?which the slowly, silently gave way. She had made one step from right, and that one step had disturbed her too much ever to become the same grave, perse vering woman ; she formed the morbid idea that it was impossible she could ever be better than Bhe had been in prison ; that everything waB againBt her, and it would be easier to give up at once, and end all unavail ing effort*. Then there followed tbe dislike for work, the Ioes of interest in thelabour of her hands, and above all, the belief, exaggerated by the distorted medium through which she saw everything just then, that her mtctrecs had grown tired of her, and was only waiting htr opportunity to find a substitute, and turn her adrift on the world ! She fell sick for awhile ; for two days was compelled to keep her bed, and be attended by the doctor, for whom Mrs. Evans hastily sent; and when she suddenly rallied, the horrore of th? hospital and the., workhouse returned with their old force. With her heart not in her work, tni6 feeble nature brgan to conceive a craving for * different life apart from the present borne ; to be more prone to see the advantages of life with Marsh, with whom she could live honestly, ehe thought. Cameron confessed afterwards — and, from what followed, there is no reason to doubt her assertion — that the experienced no temptation at any part of this time to go back to the old life — to resume once more any of her past misdeeds. She was influenced by a wild deiire to have less restraint upon her actions!, to be her own mistress in any way, so that it was honest and would not endanger her liberty. She could shudder with horror at the Glasgow life still ; but she could see no happiness awaiting her in the prosecution of her present mode of living. She knew that it would be a step downwards to consort with Marsh; that Marsh was, at the beet, theughtlees and intemperate, and the was well aware that Mits Weeton would use \--'— - endeavour to induce her to remain in her pre sent place. , . . . , Harassed by these thoughts, end by other thoughts which we need not dwell upon at too great a length, Cameron went mechanically about her work. She took a likiag for tbe streete, and invented excuses to go on errands which would keep her away for awhile from her home. In her hesrt she trusted to meet Harsh again— ehe hsd arrived at no resolution yet, but thatkeart was on the turn, and a feather's weight might direct it away from all the past good inten tions. And in the streets she met with Susan Marsh, as the had hoped. Three weeks or a month had pasted since their journey together to Greenwich, when Marsh came again from the west of London in search » ol her. bhe waB not bo well dressed as formerly, but ?* she maintained her old assertion of the profitableness of dress-making, and the extra advantages to be derived from two working together. The voyage to Aocerica was settled, the very day was fixed upon, and Cameron, who was sorry for her promise to accompany the family, listened with, more intentness than usual to the rhodomontade of her mendacious companion. They walked about the New Kent Road for an hour together. Cameron forgot her commission in her eagerness to hear every detail of the new life which appeared bo promising. . When aware of the time on which she had en. trenched, she became alarmed, and her alarm was ridiculed by Marsh. ?' Before I'd be frightened like that, at everything that was said to me, I'd bolt 1' was the inelegant re mark, 'P'raps I shall.' 'And come to my street-I'm always at home— we shall get on well together ; you'll be as happy as the day is long,' ,r .„ ' Weel, Iffcasna stand service, I must worn. Ye'U eee me sooner than ye think, perhaps.' ' The sooner the better, Jennie, dear.-' 6he»awthe wavering thoughts of Cameron, and redoubled 'her temptations,' and Cameron' prornUed, ? &«t U she aid not feel happier presently, (he wouia , ,cometoherT .? ' '. ??????? ;? - i ? Ano. yuw thi, rBBh promise, Cameron pitted from ' Susan MnraV tor ' awhile. ^^' ' / ' / ' ',? .' ~T' Chajtee XLVm.— Tbj Last Stbjw. When Jane Cameron returned home, the was told that Mis* 'Western had called to see her, waiud a tew minnttf, spent « few minutes more with lira. Brans, I and then had gone back, leaving her kind remem brances to Cameron. This annoyed Cameron, although she was doubtful if she were glad or sorry at having missed the woman she loved moat in the world. Kind friend and good counsellor ss Miss Weiton had ever proved to her, Cameron felt that, perhaps, at that particular crisis of her life, the would rather not have met that searching lrok, from which it bad always been so difficult to keep back the truth ; but the next moment there cime the belief that Miss Weston might hive advised her in her pitBent t trait ; comforted her, If she had con fcBBid tof( cling unhappy; told her exactly what was the light step to make, and given her courage to rotke it, had the not been idling time away with Buran Marsh. To complete the dilemms, Mrs. Evans sent for Camircn. The unhappy womsn had been despatched on an especial etrand, and the long delay had some what vexed her mistress. Long delays on messages of importance, end general disregard of orders, will vex the best of rmstreiees, and I am sure Mrs. Evans waB one. ' Csmerori, where hove you been }' Cameron rmnliontd the place whither Bhe had been sent — an answer which did not suffice for her mistress, who v i-hed to know where her servant had been in the interim. To tfaie question came the servant's customary answer vhen brought to bay — an answer as prolific with servants of more exemplary antecedents as with women Hie Cameron— ' Nowhere !' Mrs. Evans bad not betn usually persistent with Cameron, but the reply annoyed her, and on this occasion she sought a more explicit explanation. ' This could not have taken you an hour. You have not met Miss Weaton ?' It was too late to sav that she had done so, which would have explained satisfactorily for her long abter.ee. Bhe regretted almost that excuse — regretted that it was too late to seek refuge from honest inquiry by a lie ! ' I hae na met Miss Weston ; I hte been naewhere, save to a shrp oriwa,' was the dogged reply. ' Cameron,' said Mrs. Evans very gravely, ' you are deceiving me 1' ' I'm tellin the truth,' she answered. ' No ; you are keeping the truth away from me ; yon sre teaching me to loie my confidence in you.' Cameron wrung her hands silently together, but made no reply. ' Have you formed any new acquaintance about here r' 'Na.' ' Have yon met with any old acquaintance whom you find it difficult to shake off -' ThSe was a homethrust ; but Cameron stood her ground. To the last she must battle it out now, and resist the attempt to discover her secret. 'Na, ma'am,' was the short, almost defiant ' Then you have no reason to allege for this un warrantable delay. You refuse me all explanation, Ce.tr.eion ; you teach me by your silence to mistrust you.' ' Oin I'm na to be trusted, 1 had better gae awa',' she remarked. 'Think of it Cameron— you arc excited now. Don't talk* of going away in a hurry like this,' reproved the mistress ; ' think over all that you have said, and if you feel that you are not hBppy here, that you cannot trust in me to adviic and help you, why, perhaps we had better part.' Cameron remained staring straight before her — a full confession was at her lips, and another kind word would have brought foith the truth — the whole sad truth, which she feared to divulge, and wrongly imagined all this time that it would set the mistress completely against her. The discovery of the real facts might have deprived Mrs. Evans of her con fidence in her servant, but not that servant's confession, had it been uttered simply and truthfully in that hour wherein Cameron's future trembled in the balance. ' You can retire, Jane,' waB the next remark, and Cameron went from the room to think of all that had been said to her, to make a darker picture from it than the facts of the case warranted. That was the turning-point of Jane Cameron's caret r— the one great check to further progress. Bewildered by the turmoil of thought at her brain, she went down etairB, played her allotted part till tbe hour fcr general rest, repaired to her room, taking up the pin and ink from the kitchen-dresser with her, atdthen, vilh the door locked against intruders, ehe sat down on the edge of her bed to consider what was best to be dote, now that she felt utterly wretched and alone. Chai'Tek XL1X.— CaMebon'6 Flight. The woman set down to deliberate, and was lost ! This is the old story. She sat down in the solitude of her own chamber to think what was best for herself, whilst in the secret recesses of her heBrt lurked already the determination to give up the life which had become distasteful to her. She felt that she was abuBiog all past kindness and confidence ; that by the step which she made every body would think — and would be justified in think ing— tiie worst, the very worst of her ! No one would believe that she wss going away to better herself— that it was merely a change of place and occupation — a matter of no great concern to anybody, or one that should lead to any demonstration. The mistrets had even told her to think if it were possible to be happy in her present place ; and, as she was thoroughly unhappy, why, let her go away nt once, and with no one the wiser as to her whereabout*. She could ask no favour, she would ceek no favour from Mrs. Evans or MisB Weston ever again— if they thought that she had gone entirely away, why, that was her luck, and could not be helped ! By-aud- by ehe would write two letters — one to the matron and another to the mistress, explaining her conduct after her own rough fasbien, and ibey might believe it or not, just as they pleased, she thought, a little sul lenly. She endeavoured very hard to rouse herself into a state cf indignation with tbisnew world that had been bo strange to her ; to think that the world was all against her and full of suspicion, which she could not bear eny longer, try how she would ! If ehe had tried and failed — this was her consolation — why, she waB a poor, week, ignorant creature, and what else could have been expected from her ? She had scarcely ever known right from wrong, and too much was antici pated from her at the outset. If she had been brought up to right from her cradle-side, that would have been very different. Mrs. Evans and Miss Weston would feel pity for her after a while, and this made Cameron cry, till the t-e-J shook with her convulsive '°Then to give warning to Mrt. Evanj in the morning —that wss to be considered next. To go down ana coldly Btate that it was her intention to leave her that day month, and meet again, those quiet grave eyes from which she had always flinched. That could not be ? the had not the cowa^e, she should never have courage to do that! Then to write her warning, to leave it on the breakfast-tray near her mistress, so that she might sec it the first thing, and read it when sh' took her place at the table? Would that do? Could she bear to be called in after that, and be ques tioned by both master and mistress, perhaps, to be lectured on the future vacillating steps which took her away from home, to be recommended to try this and thBt— she who had made up her mind to live with Susan Marsh i No: shecould not write her warning, or givewanung in any fashion. She could not remain another month in that house with her mistress wearying her with well-meant advice, perhaps writing to Miss Weston, and brineine her down to reproach her for the ingrati tude which had rewarded tbe thoughts and interest of yearB She could not wait a month, she could not endure service a week longer, she must go away at once ! Silentlj and stealthily out of the houee, in. the early morning, before the rest of the establishment was stining, then away like a thief-as she had been —to the new life, Jess restricted to rule, and therefore to her more congenial. That would be the better plan —that was the only plan comfortable to her, and she resolved upon it. I do not attempt to say that this was exactly the train of thoughts or their sequence in the mind of Jane Csmeron that night, but 1 believe that «he h«dau these thoughts, and that they beaet her and kept her rietless till the mornine. In that confession of her conduct, made at a later period of her life, she ex plained forcibly and simply the motives which led her to go, and the reasons which urged her to adopt tnta courae, and tney approximate to that analysis which, in the preceding pages, I have attempted to set before the reader. , , Though Jane Cameron is no model penitent— though there have been before, and sinoe her time, women more strong to resist evil— women whose Uto would have afforded a better example, although not so fittingly have exemplified a criminal's career— yet I »m- imSou* tor *et' forth to her favour the struggle'.. 3 it ihft laJtirkVe aet cost her, and to rift the Teal. nWtfwn tie mite Pf incomprehensibility that had; renlUett-C&Mtt.; -?--?*'? ' ? And that real motive wai the woman'* desire for change— the half-dulled mind which had always re sisted monotony, and tought any wotoment rather than submit to it, giving way again to the temptation cfnncw life, the novelty of which Bhould keep her from despoiling. She risked all for that change, true fiiecds and friends' respect, the hope of becoming honest and respected before her death, and chanced sinking away step by step from all that made life valuable, or offered hope of lite eternal. She was not going away happy— -on the contrary, a? the night wore on, she became more thoroughly ?wretched, end yet impelled as by a force beyond herown to the evil that was vailing for her. She lay outside her bed tossing reetlesily for a while ; then gat up, drew a»ide the blind, and peered down at the dimly lit road below her, then threw herself upon the btd agsin, thinking she would wait for the daylight ; finally rote, re-lighted her candle, and eat down te write a few lines to her nustres), explaining her con duct as best she could— » rambling inuoheient expla nation, which her xnitlress would find in the morning, when the friendly Bheller had been abandoned (or ever. The concoction of that epistle wasi one of the hardest tetks that Cameron had cvtr set hemlf, and it was daylight before it was completed. It expressed her sorrow at parting with the mistress, and the neceauity that there was to leave her and join a friend in a little bminesB. She hod not the courage to tell Mrs. KvatiB that she was tired of service, and had thertf jre thought it-best to deput silently from the house. Bhe hoped that the mistress would pardon the rash step wliich she took ; and that God would bleBB her and her children, was tbe prayer of her unhappy servant, Jane Cameron. Thtre ware no bright thoughts at parting, I Lave eaid; on the contrary, the nearer Cameron approached to the fatal step which severed all ties between her and a goodly life, the lower her hesrt sank. She was an utterly wretched woman before the quitted the house, but she gave not one thought with regard to remaining there. Her mind had bteti made up to deput, and that was sufficient — go ehe mutt ! -She did not think that it was possible to icmtin, and her only anxiety was how to steal away without awakening one sleeper, or offering one clue to find her in the dark estate she sought. When the hud finished her letter, she put on her Becond and beet dreiB over that which she wore, equipped herself in her bonnet and shawl, and looked at her white face in the dressing-glass. ' It frighted me the sicht o' it,' ahe said, 'I wor so mony yean sulder all o' a sudden like.' She knelt down to pray, and then got up again sud denly, thinking that it would he unlucky to her— that she had not a right to pray now, or had anything to pray for. With her letter in her hand the stole bciobb the room, opened the door, and went down the stairs like a ghost in the thadows which the daylight had not seated yet. On the first landing she paused, and thought of going back to the children, of taking a last glance at tbe little girl, who would be sure tomiu her tor awhile; then tbe fear of waking the nursemaid caueed her to abandon her resolution, and took her down another night of staitB — patt the room wherein her master and mifctrefB slept, and on to the hall, whtre she paused again, and leaned against the wall to get over the palpitaiion of the heart which attacked her at this juncture, and of which she hid complained for many years now. She went downstaiis to the basement floor, and with an eccentricity for which she could hardly account -an eccentricity born of an old habit — Bhe laid the fire in the kitchen-grate, lighted it, filled the kettle with water, and put it on tbe fire to boil. Since ehe had been in service at the house, this had been her first task every morning ; the cook found a difficulty in rising betimes, and the fire was always ready lor her before she joined Cameron in ibe kitchen, and on this meriting in particular, Cameron, in her bonnet and shawl, busied herself about the grate, snd prepared everything after the old fashion. It was all arranged fcr the cook, then, and Cameron, wi'h her hands begrimed with coal-dust, went up stairs again. Her hesrt was heavier than ever tben, and ehe could scarcely drag one foot after another towards the hall door, tbe fastenings of which she proceeded carefully to withdraw. Her hand waB on the lock when she thought of the letter that ehe had -Britten to her mistress, and turned back into the parlour, still dark -with its closed window-shutters and drawn curtains. The Bight of last night's disorder canted her to open the shutters, arrange the chairs, give a hasty dust to the furniture, before she laid the Utter on the centre table, near the place where Mrs. Evans usually But. This was her last task, and, with her heat t at its old mad plunges, the miserable woman went into the passage, opened the street door, passed out into the cold fresh, air, and closed the door behind her, trying it afterwards with her hand to mate sure that it was cafe. She hurried down the etone steps, casting a nervous glance upwards at the windows of the firs', floor, where her employers slept, and fearful of a blind being drawn aside, and a face looking out at her. But all was secure ; the noise of the closing door had alarmed no one, and she went along the front garden, out of the ircn gate on to the pavement, with out a check to her downward progress. At the corner of the fint street, she saw through, the tetre, which were half blinding her, the milkman talking to a policeman — the milkman, who knew her — and the hastily crossed to the otherside of the war, and went on with her head averted from him. The clock of the first church she passed struck six ; she counted end thought it was seven, until the next clcck in a public-house assured her of her mistake. She bad pone into that public-house for a glass of the old drink— the reel Scotch whiBky, which was an nounced cuteide on a large board— her nerves were bo wutrung, that ehe found it impossible to proceed farther without a stimulant. The whisky drank, and paid for, she felt more courage to proceed, and wrapping her hands, grimy with coal-dutt, in her shawl, sbe sternly went on to her fate. CiurrEH. L.— A. Covncil. Mrs. EvanB's cook went downstairs at the usual time, and proceeded about htr ?woik without xemark ing enj thing unusual in the stillness of the establish - ment. It was not till she had been half-an- hour by herself that ehe began to wonder what Cameron was doing eo long in the parlour, and, as time paesed, to consider it a mystery singular enough to warrant a search for her. After first calling Cameron, and re ceiving no answer, she went upstairs into the parlour, saw that the shutters bad been opened and the room duited, and then repaired to Cameron's rottn, which she found empty. The bed had been lain upon, but not slept in, and thiB gave her the first idoa of Bome tbing wrong ; she proceeded to the nursemaid's room, and found the nurse busy over the children, but no Cameron. After putting a few questions without eliciting anything satisfactory, she west over the house carefully, and arrived at the conclusion that the housemaid was not ?within it, which became a dis covery cf sufficient importance to communicate to her mistress. 'If you please, ma'am, Cameron's not in the house!' startled both, matter and mistress, who shortly afterwards descended to the parlour, where the letter, which explained nothing save that ehe had gone, bwtfted them, and first attracted Mrs, Evans's attention. The letter was read, and commented upon. The house had been deserted by one of its servants, and that servant was e. ticket-of-le»ve woman ! The first natural thought was, hsd she left it like an honest woman, or like a thief? Like a thief, it was feared, until search \ro» made, and everything found u its proper place. Nothing had been abstracted ; even Cameron's box of clothes was left in her room, unlocked and containing a few things which it had been impossible for her to carry away in her flight. Mr. ana Mrs. EvonB tutted the matter over during breakfast, which a rigorous search had delayed, and arrived at the conclusion that it was better to keep the matter quitt at preeent— more especiall; from the eervants, who were naturally of a loquacious turn. When Mr. Evans had departed to his buaiueBS, the wife read the mysterious gloomy epistle once more, end Borrowed over it like a true woman. She saw muchoftneunhsppiness and desperation which had impelled Cameron away, and she ran over in hex mind all that she had said to her during the preceding night, and wondered If (he had been too harsh and etern, and if tome chance thoughtless word had been taken to heart and been the cause of this. The natural indignation which had been aroused by so unceremonious and unthankful a departure gave plaoe to pity for the woman who could not do right— who would not settle down to that which was fconestand true. Sirs. Evans wrote a short note to Miss Weston, stating the facts o! the c»Be, and implying that, as time was valuable, and the duties of preparing for America were manifold, she should let the matter drop, and take no further notice ol the Btrange case. As Situ Wctton had had an interest in Cameron for a long period, she thought it we-uld be beet, at least, to apprise htr of the step which Cameron hadeo rashly made,,; That night Mifl*.,W»toa 'change*' with another matron, and name at.onoetp Mra,,Bwnss home. Theie aba learned the particular* »t was fe the pbwtrof the totottesB to give, «ndreadtheblnrre(l, ? {11-writien 'epistle, ? which implied io IhuAh, andjyet explained eo little. Hits Weston, who undentood Camera's mind more completely than anyoae living, guessed tne whole itorjr at one*. It wm * vat iBtion of Cameron i priion-life — the monotony depressing her, something crossing the even tenor of her way, moibid thoughu following one another and accumulating until there came ' a break-out ;' and all sober resolves flung im petuously otide. This was the worst 'break-out' of all. Cameron was beyond Miss AVeston's help or advice j she had broken away from those laws by which Bhe had pro mised to abide. Tbe matron's quick mind leaped at once towards the truth — hsd Cameron found a com panion, a short girl, with a fresh colour and fair hair? had her habits become irregular lately? had she token a holiday and stayed out late i hai ehe become fond of going on errands in the streets and lingering over them until patience at home was exbeusted ? Mrs. Evtss knew nothing of a companion, although ehe imagined that Cameron had met with one ; and Mies WeBton related the Btory of the old affection which the miBBing servant had entertained in prison for Susan Marsh. Notes were compared, Cameron's 'past eccentri cities dilated upon, end it became easy to judge how the stcry had ended. It was 'one more unfortunate' added to the number ; nothing in statistics— only an extra figure in a blue-book, perbBps ; but to these two thoughtful end religious women it was one soul hulled away from Heaven, Miss Weston, -who had known Cameron eo well, had a faint hope that Camerrn would repent suddenly, and seek her out or write to her. With this hope at her heart ehe pleaded still in favour of her strange protegee. 'I believe,' f he said, ' that Cameron will recoil at the first sight of tbe old life, and write to me to help her : I may hear from her to-day, or to-morrow. I think it very likely that this Susan Marsh has deceived her as to her mods of living. If I heard at once that Cameron's absence could be explained or extenuated, is it possible to trust htr once more ?' 'I fear not.' ' You Bre going abroad, and it might be worth the trial again; you do not know what might be Cameron's story, or temptation.' 'if the came back to-night, I might induce Mr. Evans to look over it : after to-night it would be im possible.' ' Will you at least keep quiet concerning her— drop no hint of her past life — for one week i' Vjb. Evens promised this. She did not understand tbe matron, who Tend her woman's sympathy with the runaway beneath her apparent firmness, and had a faint hope — very, very faint — that, if Cameron shortly appeared, it might be possible yet to extend mercy and help to her. But Cameron must come suddenly and quickly back, and bear all cross-examination as to her motives for going and returning. Quickly bick; and yet day after day etole on, and no Cameron ap peared ! Chatteh LI. — What She Changed Fob. To return to the woman whose course we hare followed eo leng. Cameron emerged from the wine-vaults, possessed nith more nerve to continue her progress, and went on, asking htr way now and then of passers-by. She v as very ignorant of London still : the little the knew of the West End was in. Black Barney's time, when she spent a put of a long holiday in b street near Leicester Square, and went to theatres every night. That w«b all she knew of the West End of London, and it was with no small difficulty that ehe found hei way to the street in Drury Lane where Susan Marsh lived. Everybody whom she asked knew Drury Lane, but no one was acquainted with tbe particular street for which she inquired, until ebe was in the heart of the 'back Blums,' Short's Gardens' way. Then a policeman, whom she mustered courage to address, knew the street perfectly well, and regarded her with a dubiouB espiession sb he gave the required direction, which the forgot in a few minutes after she had left him. Finally, a volunteer was discovered in the form cf a gamin, who led the way through a maze of narrow streets, and finally left her before a tall dark-looking houee — one of a disreputable row. She was a woman who had been ueed to disreputa ble neighbourhoods, and the place reminded her so much of a Glasgow close, that all belief in Marsh's new respectability vanished at once. She would not acknowledge it to herself ; she hoped against hepe, that it was till right to the last. The door was not open, like the Olaegow houses, so she knocked, and was admitted after e while by a dirty-faced, slip- shod woman. ' 'Who do you want here i' was the uncivil query. ' Susan Marsh.' ' Why didn't you knock for Susan Marsh, then, and not dreg me away from my work ?' And leaving the door for Jane Cameron to close after htr, the woman flounced back into the parlour. Ccmercn proceeded upBtairs. She knew that on one of the ' fiats ' Bhe should discover Susan Marsh is lime. If her heart could have sunk lower it would have done eo at the evidence of poverty and squalor which marked every upward etep she took. Save that the steps were of wood instead of stone, that there were no windowless gape in the walls, and that the stairs were less tortuous and narrow, it was one of the old wicked houses wherein she had been reared. The noices in the place of doors slamming, children crying and voices anathematizing them in the brutal slang of the lowest claees, were the noises of the houses in the cloEe ; the fetid emell about the stairs was the Glasgie fever smell, and the faceB of the men and women who passed her were the faces of thieves and of women who led abandoned lives, And Bhe had come back to this ! Of her own free will she had deliberately left all that was comfortable — all that she had learned to value as comfortable, and stepped back into the past wickedness, as though her regeneration had been s dream .' I think this utter change, this complete return to a picture of the past destitution and crime, was the salvation of Cameren. Had Susan Marsh's home been in a different place, in a less crowded quarter of the city, it would not have impressed Cameron so speedily with the belief that it was the old life to which she was re turning — not have so quickly put her on her guard and offered her at the first step across the threshold that terrible warning of what her life had been, and how it had ended in yeais of prison servitude. Tbe whole thing was a shock to her ; and though ehe went on in the course which she had at first resolved upon, it was with a sense of fear that was new. Still the trials and the temptations were not over yet, and there was much to do before one falter ing etep could be made back on the road she had tttitted. On tbe landing of the second floor— she proceeded almost mechanically towards the top of the houBe, having always lived on top fiats in Glasgie days — she found two boys and a man talking together, arguing together probably about a fair share of some spoil un lawfully acquired. She inquired of these men which was Susan Marsh's room. 'This is it,' said the man. 'I don't think she's up yet. She was on the lush last night, you know.' He applied the heel of his boot to the panel of the door, and began shouting ' Mrs. Marsh 1' in stento rian tones. ' Come in, you fool, and don't make that row out there. What's the matter f' ' Here's a lady come to have breakfast with you.' 'What!' Cameron tried the handle, and, finding the dooi open to her touch, she entered, closed the door afcer her, and faced her ' pal,' who had struggled into a sitting posture in the bed, and was sitting up rubbing her eyes. By the side of Mrs. Marsh lay another girl, sound aeleep throughout all the turmoil. 'Weel, Susan, I hae coom, ye see.' ' Good lor' ! so it is. Well, I'm blesBed 1' Marsh eat and struggled with her perceptive powers. She could not realise the position yet, or understand how it had all come about. After sur veying Cameron with her sleepy eyes for awhile she ?aid— ' A low with the women J' ' Somethin' like it,' replied Cameron, who did not care about the fatigue of a long explanation. 'Well, it's luck to eee you. I'm glad you've come. You weren't fit for service, I knew. Folly— hi!' And Mre. Marsh proceeded to dig into Polly 'e ribs with her sharp elbow. ' What is it ?' grunted Polly at last. ' Here's the young woman I've been. a-Bpenking about to long— she's come.' ' Oh 1 hfc, the—' Folly opened one eye, closed it again, andlwent ofl into a renewed dumber of some depth, as Susan Marsh rose and frepaied to do the honours of the domicile. ' Ye were drunk last nicht, I hear,' said Came ron. 'How did you hear that 1' atked Mush, pausing in her rapid toilet. ' They tald me «te outside.' ? 'Oh.! them fellers,' was the disparaging reply. Cameron croised the room, and. looked very hard ? into Susan's face. '? ?????.. I hope it's a' richt.' 'All right— of course it is.' ' That ye hae not brought me into a bad hoof e, that 7« are behavin' like an honest critter, Snian r' ' Of course I am.' ' And the drers-makin' f' ' Oh ! that's all right. Sit down, Jennie, I am bo precious glad to see you !' Cameron untied her bonnet; strings, took off her bonnet, and the best dretB which she had worn over her worst one, snd (at down to make herself at home in this new den. She took one glance round the room — Bt the plaBter broken away from the wall, at the carpetless floor, and the cracked and patched windows facing her, and then she broke into a pasBiontte hysterical cobbing, which she could not control, which tclarmed Susan Marsb, and almost frightened her com panion cut of her sleep into a fit. ' What's the matter f— what's the matter ?' Cameron could not explain. She sat and rocked herself on her chair, and motioned to them not to come sear her ; to let her have her cry out, after which she would be better, and more like herself. She had kept firm through it all, but it had been a trial of her strength, and every step away, after awhile, had been made with a pang at her heart. She had gone on in a dogged, persistent manner, like a blind woman ; she had made up her mind to do wrong, and she had accomplished it, and theie she was at last ! * For the first time the true horrors other position, the thorough consciousness of all that she had entered upen and all that Bhe had given up, rushed at her in full force, and ehe gave way at the stern truth which faced her now it w»s too late to turn bsck. ' This be what I changed far— what I changed far !' she oiled, wringing her hands and moaning, after the first hysterical outburst had been over come. ' Oh ! it's all right,' assured Marsh, 'you'll be happy enough. What's the use of the likes or us being good ? Sit still and rest b bit ; you'll be your self presently.' Marsh buBied herself with the fire — the wonder ing Felly began to dreu, staring at Cameron all the When the fire was lighted and the kettle boiling, tea was made, and Polly, to whom something had been whispeted, disappeared. Cameron asked no questions, but sat stolidly surveying the preparations, silent and gloomy. Harsh did not intrude upon her reverie, but, when the breakfast-things had been laid, made htr bed in an unceremonious fashion, and then Eat on it till Folly's return with some spirits in a bottle. Then the two women eat down, snd Cameron was adjured to draw her chair to the table with them. ' Son'c think any more ; what can you be thinking about?' eaid Marsh. ' I'm thinkin' that I'm a fule.' ' Here, take some rum in your tea— there's nothing like it,' said Harsh, tilting half the contents of the bottle into Cameron's tea-cup. ' That'll do you good, my girl.' Cameron drank off the tea ; had a eecond cup. and felt more inclined to hope that things would not turn out eo badly, after all. ? (To be centinttt&J; ? 