GAWLER. [Correspondent.] September 16. An entertainment was given by the Gawler Read ing and Debating Class (assisted by the Gawler Musical Society) last evening, for the benefit of the building fund of the Oddfellows' Hall. The enter tainments by the above Glass are becoming very popular; for, notwithstanding the very wet and boisterous weather of yesterday and the day before, the Oddfellows Hall was filled with about 250 per sons. The arrangements were very tasteful, and complete in every respect, and reflected great credit on Messrs. Nott and Roberts, who had the manage ment. At half-past 7, Mr. Charles Edson (G.M. of the Oddfellows Lodge) took the chair, and opened the proceedings by a few remarks as to the useful ness of Oddfellowship. He said the present object was to make that Hall more convenient both for public and private entertainments. The brethren of the Lodge had come forward nobly and subscribed among themselves the sum of £230 towards the addi tions. The public had also subscribed very libe rally, making the sum now over £300 ; and the Gawler Reading and Debating Class had offered, in the most handsome terms, to aid the object by an entertainment. The Chairman then called on Mr. Sainsford, who performed on the harmonium. The Gawler Musical Class followed with ' Rosalie,' when Mr. Bright gave ' The Ministry at the Levee.' Mr. Roberts followed with a reci tation, ' Claude Melnotte's Apology,' from the Lady of Lyons. 'An Address to an Egyptian Mummy,' by Mr. W. Loutit, was nextf given, fol lowed by ' The Mummy's Reply,' by Mr. Williams. Mr. Fowler then recited ' The Jackdaw of Rheims,' followed by a reading from 'Sam Slick' by Mr. Soown. Mr. Nott gave 'The Burial March of Dundee,' and a glee, 'Ellen Bayne,' by the Musical Society, concluded the first part. During the interval and at other times in the evening, the Band of the First Gawler Rides performed some pretty music. ' The Canadian Boat Song,' by the Musical Society, opened the second part, when Mr. T. O. Jones re cited 'Cowper'e Receipt of his Mother's Picture.' Mr. Bright followed with ' Mrs: Caudle's Lecture, No. 20.' Mr. Scown nest gave a recitation, ' The Raven,' followed by a reading, ' The White Squall,' by Mr. Williams. A dialogue from ' As You Like It,' by Messrs. Gordon and McBean, followed, wheu Mr. LiveBay recited ' The Fruiterer's Ghost.' ' Gentle Annie,' by the musical class, ended the second part. After an overture by the band, the third part com menced with an extravaganza, 'Bombastes Furioso,' with local hits. This part of the proceedings was highly amusing, and brought down roars of laughter; in fact, it was thorough enjoyment for alL The enter tainment throughout, considering the performers were only amateurs, was first- class, and gave great satisfaction, and during the long evening the attend ance showed no lack of interest in the proceedings, and the company was larger if anything at the close than at the commencement. A vote of thanks to the class for their kind assistance, and to the Musical Society, was proposed by Mr. Lane, and accorded heartily. Mr. Bright replied. Mr. T. O. Jones proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, Mr. Edson, who performed bis duties in an excel lent manner. Mr. Edson returned thanks. Three cheers for the Band closed the proceedings about 11 o'clock. 