THE ELECTIONS. » THE MINISTER OF MINES AT MANDURANG. . (from our special reporter.) Tho lion. J. F. Sullivan, Minister of Mines, addressed a largo meeting of tho electors of Man durang, at the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, Huntly, on Thursday ovening, for tho purpose of explaining bis political acts during the last three years, and. giving nn exposition of the policy of the Govern ment, more particularly with reference to the pro posed mining measure. Mr Jons Swlde, who was voted to tho chair, in troduced Mr Sullivan to the meeting, ana requested for him a fair and attentive bearing. Mr Sullivan, who was warmly cheered on rising', said : Mr Chairman and Gentlemen,— I come befora the people of Huntly with a good deal of satisfac tion. It is the part of Mandurang in which I first appeared when I became a candidate for tho suffrages of the people of this district, aud on every occasion that I appeared before you I Lave always met wittt a kind and friendly reception. I am satisfied that sinca the first day you elected mo, and I think it is soma three and a half years ago since I last saw you, there has been no action of mine that has not been, for the welfare of tho district. (A voice : ' Yott did not troublo us much since.') Tho gentleman says I did not trouble you much. I had no need to trouble you. I always enjoyed the confidence of the peoplo of this district, and I therefore did not require to trouble theni. (Cheers.) But I think Z may safely say that, whenever occasion demanded it, I always came before you. I did not fight shy o£ the people, and both as your representative and as a Minister of the Crown, I am satisfied that I bava done nothing to weaken tho confidence reposed ia me. As a Minister of the Crown, it is my duty now to come here and inform you, and, through you, tha people of this colony, the courso that the Ministry proposes to pursue in regard to many leading; topics of great public interest. In other portions of the colony, two of my colleagues, namely, Mr Graufc and the Chief Secretary, havo spoken on tho land question, and I think Mr Grant has given a vory good and lucid explanation of what must be generally considered to be the most interesting topic of tho day. But, although the land question must principally interest tho public, X. think that the mining question is of equal impor tanco ; and when we remember that this is an into-c rest which gives employment to more men than any other in the colony, I think I am justified in giving it a prominent position ; and as that branch of our national resources has been confided to me, aud will bi- again under iny management, if ro-electod, I in tended to give it precedence this evoniug. But L may bo allowod first to indulgo in something like a retrospective review of my proceodiugs in connection, with mining, and my attempt to legislate on that question. I havo no doubt it will bo familiar to every ono in tho room that, some months ago, I introduced into tho Legislative Assembly a. measure embodying mining legislation. It was a very largo measure, and was received in the coun try in various ways. By some it was considered to be a 'vory largo measuro,' by some a 'compre- hensive' measure, by some a ' cumbrous aud in congruous' measure, while some said it was an '? am-- bitious' measure, and others facetiously described it as ' Sullivun's Pamphlet.' (Cheem and laugh ter.) You ure, therefore, fully aware that this measure mot with a great deal of adverse criticism. I admit it was large. It required to bo large, be cause it had to deal with many questions. But I maintain it was not incongruous ; because, although it dealt with a great many subjects, it dealt with, them separately and with perfect congruity. That it was an ambitious measure, I plead guilty without any reservation. I was ambitious to do what T could to improve the mining legislation of this country. I was ambitious that, during my tenure o£ office, I should so make us* of my opportunities as to leavebehindme something that would prove of good to the colony. Probably I attompted too muoh, but I do not consider that a fault. It is ono of the duties of my position to have a proper ambition to accom plish somothing to bo of value to the country, and if too much is attempted I do not consider it a very serious fault. There aro also lesser objects of am bition which must influence persons in my position, 'ibere is tho ambition to pass measures so that the author may havo his name identified with them. In this there is a sort of point of honor as well aa public feeling ; and when a man introduces a measure be likes it to succeed. Had I been loss ambitions, I should have saved myself a great deal of time and trouble. Had I been less ambitious, I might easily have let the question alone, and con tented myself with enjoying myself and abstaining from taking any trouble. Wo know there has been for many years a very considerable cry for legislation in this country iu regard to mining, although very few people seemed to un derstand what they required legislating upon. This agitation -.vent on for some time, and it formed the staple of every election speech and every address from tho throne. Several measures had beon intro duced into Parliament by vurious Governments with indifferent success. The cry for this mining legis lation went on, and, in order to arriro at something like a safe conclusion as to what was roally re quired by the miners of the colony, a commission was appointed, which travelled over tho whole of tha country and took evidence in almost every place. The gentlemon composing thi3 commission woro men of largo experience, both as regards mining matters and general legislation : aud, after making a most earful inquiry, they furnished a report. On the report of this commission, and tho evidence they collected, my measure wa3 based. I carefully considered tho evidence, and compared it with tho opinions expressed by the mining boards and other local bodies, und upon that evidence and thosa opinions I based my measure. It appears, how ever, that this measuro did not give general satis faction. I believe most of the dissatisfaction which was expressed arose from its not being sufficiently considered, and its provisions being, therefore, but imperfectly understood. At all events, I had two great objects in view in framing iho measuro. One was that tho most efficient legislation should be secured, and the other was that the measure should be in perfect unison with the interests of the mining community. I was desirous of accomplishing these objects, but what do I find? That this measure was framed upon the report of the mining commissioners, which report had never been impugned, nnd which had been published many months before I intro duced my measure, without auy attempt having been made by any body of minors to impugn tho evi dence upon which it was based, or to put forward a counter opinion. I therefore considered I was quite safe in taking the report as the basis of my measuro, and concluding that it would be also in accordance with tho opinions of the mining population. (Cheers.) But I wish to call your attention to the fato of that attempt at legislation. As I observed, there was a great deal of dissatisfaction exhibited by the miners against my measuro, and thero were numerous petitions from various parts of the country against it. I in troduced the measure into the House ; aud, on tha first reading, I explained its provisions pretty fully, and, I think, lucidly. Every member of the Houne who rose on that occasion spoke in laudatory terms of tho bill, praising it, and saying that it would meet tho wants of the country. I carried tho bill through its first reading, and evory portion that E wished to carry I carried also through tho second! and third reading ; and, had my object been merely to pass tho bill, I could have carried it through tha Assembly in all its stages. But I did not choosa to do so, my object being not only to pass tha bill, but to carry into law a measuro which would bo of real service to tho country. I had determined to have tho bill not only as good as it could bo made, but thoroughly in accordance with, tho wishes of the community. It was therefore ia accordance with my own desire that I withdrew tho measure, in order that tho miners of the country might havo the opportunity of considering its pro visions, and that I myself might weigh tho objec tions which had been mado against it, and consider whether they were valid or not. I havo considered those objections, and weighed them carefully, and have found that thero ia something in them, and that, although I started with tho idea that tha measure would be useful, it would have been im practicable in the form ia which ii was proposed. I started out with tho dosire and belief that if we could have a uniform modo of governing mining as well as of other matters, it would be a very desirable thing to accomplish. But, in order to have this uniform 3ystem, the bye-laws must emanate from onei 3onice, and That could not be expressed ia the Act of Parliament must be expressed by the Governor in Council ; but, oU|Comparing the bye-laws of the different mining boards and local courts, I enmo to the conclusion that, desirable us it was to assimilate ' the laws to one uniform statute to govern the colony, the character of the mining was so diversified, and the circumstances of each gold-field were so different, that it would bo impossible to have one statute of laws for the wholo colony. This is the conclusion I have arrived at, und upon it I intended to act ; and, as the measure which I introduced proposed to take away the powers from the mining boards and give them to the Governor in Council, I have come to the conclusion that it would bo better to allow tho mining boards to exercise the powers they possess for tho present. (Ap plause.) I believe the mining boards have been uu jnstly denlt with, and I admit that I at one time shared in the prejudice. Tho mining laws, as passed by these bodies wero considered to bo ambiguous, contradictory, and having a tendency to check the legislation of tho colony. Upon reflection, how ever, I have come to the conclusion that it is not so. If anyone will look at Ballaarat, Daylosford, and many other parts of tho colony, and consider the universal progress which has been made under this system, he will acknowledge that the mining boards liavo been unjustly assailed. It is literally astound ing to look at the progress which some of these places havo made. I notice that one claim, the other day, at Ballaarat was valued at the enormous sum of £220,000 ; and there are many other claims in the same district almost equally valuable. When these stupendous facts stare us in tho face wo must not bo led away by mere reports, but carefully in vestigate the working and philosophy of the system. I say that under this system mining has developed to a wonderful degree, and, instead of being checked 'by the system now in force, has receivod a wonder Jul impetus ; and, when I find how diflicult it is to reduce mining legislation to one system, I consider it just as well to let well alone, and not repeal tho existing law or in iroduce novel ideas ; nnd I therefore am of opinion that, with some alteration of tho Gold- fields Act carefully defining tho law, tho present system will be found to work very well. Tho principal com plaint against the mining laws has been their am biguity, and many of the laws, though intrinsically excellent, havo been denounced as illegal by tho judges —ultra vires, that is going outside their powers. Several of theso judges, however, came down to mo a short timo ago and stated that, if iuauy new measure, tho powers of the mining boards wero as clearly defined as tho powers which it was pro posed to give to the Government wero set forth in the bill, everything in the way of legislation ?would be met. To this extent, then, I proposed to remodel the law. (Cheers.) The portion of the measure that I succeeded in passing through the Legislative Assembly — that relating to the adminis tration of justice on the gold-fields — I am confident ?will prove satisfactory, not only in my estimation, but in tho opinion of several men of standing in mining matters and of great parliamentary experi ence. And I may mention that I carried this por tion of the measure through its three stages without a division ; and that, whenever an amendment was proposed which I could adopt, I accepted it ; and, if I carried any point to a division, I was invariably successful. I do not mention this in any spirit of ?'brag,' but simply to show that tho measure received proper attention. But, although this part of tho measure, passed through tho Assembly, the members of tho Upper House declined to proceed ?with it, and this bill, with a few slight modifica tions, I intend again to submit on tho open ing of Parliament. Tho other portions of the mea sure, with the modifications I have indicated, I also intend to go on with, Amongst other things, I pro posed in the measure a reduction of the cost of the miner's right, and on this point I received a good deal of support. I proposed to reduce tho miner's right from £1 to 103, and I was successful in carrying this reduction. I endeavored at tho timo to indnco tho Government to reduce tho price to a merely nominal sum, but this proposition was not approved of. Since then I havo been enabled to obtain a concession ; and, in tho measure which ?will be introduced, tho miner's right will bo ro dnced to 5s per annum. I think we ought to havo ? Eome sort of a right, in order to protect tho miner, but nothing more ; and, by the consent of my col leagues, I have been able to get this concession. I also wish to call your attention to the fact that, ?when persons undertako to form a Government containing eight or nino members, it must bo ex pected that there will be differences of opinion ? amongst them. It would be impossible to find eight or nino men of precisely the samo opinion ; and, although no ono would bo justified in giving up any fundamental principle, all must make some concessions in order that they may work harmo niously together. If we look back upon the English Government even, we find that, since the eld party lines have been extinguished, and tho good \- old distinction of Tory and Whig done away with, from the time of tho last Melbourne Govern ment to the present day, tho English Governments bavo been composed of men of different opinions ; and if in England, where tho party lines are so well marked, and so many opposite interests exist, con cessions of this nature havo to bo made, how much more difficult must it be here to form a Government in which all tho members hold the samo views, ?where we havo nonoof those great party d;stinctiona, !Not boing ablo to get exactly what I wanted, I yet -managed to get a good deal, and I may say that, as far as my influence could go, and ns far as I was capable of getting anything to lessen tho burden ?which pressed upon tho miners, to that extent Uas my influence boon used. What reason could I have bad to do otherwise ? Hero I havo been treated ?with the utmost generosity and liberality by the miners. Threo times havo I been elected without opposition, and, on every occasion on which the elec tion was contested, you returned mo at tho head of the poll;Jaml, if I have not been able to go so far as I could wish, I mustiropute it to want of capacity, for no one in his senses would accuse mo of want of will. Theso are the outlines of tho mining matters. All legislation must be made up of details ; and I can assure yon that it is necessary, in mining, to have a thoroughly judicious representation of tho de partment, which is more important than legislation itself. Tho public do not see it, and, because the bills have not passed, think nothing has been done ; but they forget the value of saving time, and how many important objects can bo furthered by ad ministration. There aro various other portions, of the bill which I havo withdrawn which excited a good deal of interest ; such, for instance, as tho provision for mining on private property. That did not satisfy the miners ; and it did not satisfy tho pro perty holders either. And whoever legislates on mining will find that, if bo encroaches in the slightest degree on tho property holders, they won't liko it ; and, if ho hedges in tho property holder ?with restrictions, tho miner won't liko it. In fact, although I opine and maintain that I introduced a national measure that would havo met tho views of both classes, tho property holders raised tbo cry that their property was going to bo rushed and vested rights destroyed, although I provod that what I proposed was nothing moro than had been the system from time immemorial in England in — Derby, Cornwall and Devon, for instance, where every man had a right to mine upon the land upon appealing to a certain tribunal, which fixed the amount to bo paid. I proved this, and I also showed that this system had been in operation for a number of years, and had been pronounced by so high an authority as Lord Denman to be the most fair and equitable one that could bo adopted, showing that in these matters privute feeling must give way, in order that important improvements might bo effected. I ?was not ablo to carry the measure for ward, because the Honse seemed to bo tired of the subject, and weary of all legislation. That bill, with some alterations and amendments, it will be my duty to submit again to Parliament. I think, gentlemen, as there aro a variety of subjects . to bo treated, and as I havo to address tho electors in other portions of the district, I havo said enough on this subject for the present, and wo will there fore leave it. I come now to the most important question cf tho present time. I allude to tho reform of the Legislative Council — (applause) — and while I give tho pas of precedence to tho land question, I am strongly of opinion that, before wo can have a fair and satisfactory legislation upon that question, ?we must have a reform of tho Upper Honse. (Re newed applause.) I think, therefore, it is a qnes tion that tho people of tho colony must look to, and I am glad to see that they aro looking to it, and that the persons holding tho suffrages for tho Upper House are beginning to see that something must be done. This is jnst what a Government acquainted with tho condition of tho colony at the time the Constitution Act was framed might have expected. I was satisfied myself at that time, and I can say so without making any boast — I was satis fied, and expressed myself so — that it was impos sible that tho Constitution could work. I confess it has .surprised me that it has worked so well, con sidering the altered circumstances of tho colony. Bad as it is, wo have managed to rab along with it without having what is politically called u dead lock, which might have been expected, and was expected, in consequence of tho difference of opinion between tho two Honses. They have rejected ono or two useful ,bills, but, owing to the difference of opinion which existed on theso ques tions out of doors, tho Assembly did not persist in them. But, although no actual dead lock has taken place, wo are in a very anomalous position. Our Constitution is based upon tho principles of the English Constitution, which seems to have been applied to tho government of all new colonies for a great number of youra. From tho year 1776, when tho colonies of America separated themselves from tho British Crown, the Constitution of Great Britain has been taken as a model for her colonies. With a Governor, King, or President, for tho head of every new Constitution framed in tho world, wherever anything liko constitutienal Government has been known, that has been tho model. But the advocates of the system committed a mistake in applying it to this country. They forgot ono thing. They forgot that, altheugh this form of Constitution has been lauded by several French con stitutional writers, including M. Montesquieu and M. De Lolme, tho question was regarded by them from a very different point of view to that assumed by an Englishman. It appeared to them to be very simple in comparison with other systems of govern ment, but there was a certain amount of freedom and liberty enjoyed by tho people of England that was unknown on tho Continent, and it therefore appeared something exceedly good to tho writers in question. But, when we como to apply it to this colony, wo find wo aro defi cient in ono material point — wo havo no landed aristocracy. You cannot make an aristocracy; it must be the work of time. In England it grew gradually, and is composed of nobility and landed gentry — men who had made themselves famous in the Senate or on tho battlefield ; and it is recruited from tho best men in tho Lower House. This is really a House of Peers, possessing an influence that no men in a new colony, who have raised themselves by wealth, could have. (Cheers.) Some people have an idea that tho aristocracy aro to bo manu factured — (laughter) — and, that because a man has money ho is a scholar and a gentleman born, and entitled to veto tho opinions and wishes of tho people. I do not speak to gain the favor of any particular class, but I maintain that tho system of manhood suffrage has displayed a class of men, which, for intelligence and independence, is not to bo found in any ether part of tho world. I have been in other parts of the world, and observed other systems of government, and I do think it is an extraordinary thing that a few legislators, elected by some G000 or 7000 voters, should set their opinion against tho wishes cf the entire population of the colony. Tho thing is an enormous wrong, and an anomaly, and I sometimes feel humiliated that such a stato of thiugs still exist. But, more extraordinary still, powers are given to the Legislative Council which aro not given to the Peers of England, because, although tho House of Peers can set itself against tho will of tho nation (and it has done so on ono or two occasions), yet there is a coercive power existing in tho Constitu tion to compel the Peers to listen to reason, and on moro than ono occasion this power has been suc cessfully applied. I need only mention the lleform Bill. The peers said they would not havo it, but when tho interest of the people was enlisted, and tho House was threatened with the creation of fresh Peers, they gave way. But in this colony, whero tho acquisition of wealth is generally the result of adventitious circumstances, no great amount of respect can bo shown to tho possessors ; and, much as we admire tho industry and thrift that has enabled men to enjoy tho luxuries of life, it must be admitted that it is often obtained merely through advan tageous circumstances. It is therefore proposed to reform tho Upper House, and I may say it will be reformed. (Cheers.) When the opinion of the entire nation is expressed, and I hope it will bo on this question, I believe that, stolid as they have been at times, this inertia of the Upper House will cease, aud they will have to move on at tho bid of tho people. This propositionHo reduce tho qualifi cation of members one-half and of voters one-half is not exactly the thing I should like, but I am willing to accept this moderato measure of reform, which, in consequenco of the wonderful unanimity of opinion upon it, I am sure of getting ; while, if I tried for more, I might not get any at all. I accept it because I hope to see it carried into law, and I hopo that on all theso occasions there will be such an expression of opinion as to satisfy those grave and reverend seignors of tho Upper House that tho country means it. (Cheers.) I now como to what would follow from reform of tho Upper House, and tho first thing is a Land Bill that will approach the requirements of the country. You are all awaro that, on two occasions, the Legislative Council threw out two Land Bills. When tho last Ministry went out of office, and the present Adminis tration was formed, tho Land Act of 1862 wus found to bo defective and unworkable. Two attempts wero mado to correct theso defects, but both were frustrated by the Legislative Council. Certainly, these two bills did not obtain a very consider ablo majority in tho Legislative Assembly, but this can be accounted for by the fact that thero was a party in that House who professed to consi der tbo measures, to bo not liberaljjenough, and who joined with those who supported the views of tho Legislative Council. They were not strong enough to throw out the measures, but they managed on all divisions to make a very respectable minority, and, when the bills wero submitted to the Upper House, they were rejected. Tho whole substance of the affair was that those who voted against tho bill in the Legislative Assembly did not want a low Land Bill — they wanted a new Government, (cheers and laughter) — and those who voted against it iu tho Upper House did not want a new Land Bill, be cause they had already got what they wanted. And thus it comes that we want a new measure. I will not detain you, as somo speakers have done, by ex plaining all the acts that havo been passed on the question, but I will say that, if the act of 18C2 had been worked properly, it would havo proved satis factory, and I should have been contented with it. Had it not boen for tho evasions that wero accom plished under it by the (I don't wish to use a harsher word than is necessary) rascality of some individuals, I believe tho act would have worked very well. It seems, however, as if we are never to see tbo last of Land Bills, which aro constantly coming up like Bunquo's ghost. (Laughter.) Well, it became necessary to have a now Laud Bill, and the Government have propounded a measure which, I think, will work well, and conduce to tho prosperity of tho country. The object of any Government, in dealing with tho laud question, is, of course, to induce settlement. Tho desire of tho people to settlo on tho land will not, I think, bo so great as is ex pected by somo persons, but I consider that, if there is any desire on the part of the people to settlo on tho lands, that desire should bo gratified by the Go vernment to tho greatest possible extent. (Ap plause.) And my own opinion has long been that what the people want, is not so much to get land at as cheap a rate as possible, but in the spot whero hoy want it. By auction, ono of two things always esulled : the settler either did not get the land at all, or ho had to pay a prieo that hampered his operations very much. I think tho measure sub mitted by the Government, for throwing open largo quantities of land in all parts of the colony, will be satisfactory ; nnd thero is onp portion of this bill which provides that the distinction between the white and tho blue shall bo removed. It was a mistuko to set tho land apart in two classes, and in many instances it has been discovered _ that some of the land in tho worst class is of excellent quality. In the Gipps Land dis trict largo tracts of country, described as arid and barren land, have, by later observation and investi gation, been proved to be somo of tho best in the colony ; and I um gratified to be ablo to state that thero is more good land in this colony than many people think. Thero has been a good deal said about the principles of tho bill ; but, as Mr Grant has made a very lucid explanation of them at In glewood, I do not consider it necessary to enter upon the details of the measure. I should like, however, to make a few observations as te some of tho objections which havo been raised against the bill, and theso are of such a trifling nature that I should not deem them of sufficient importance to be worth mentioning, were it not for thesonrce from which they come. In on influential journal, and one which professes to guide tho opinions of a con siderable portion of the community, tho measure is criticised in this manner. The objection taken to the bill is that, if a man went on the land to occupy it for live years, at tho end of that time he would abandon it instead of taking it up nt the upset price. This is an absurd argument, and ono wonders that a full grown man with a head on his shoulders could entertain such a ridiculous idea. (Laugkter.) Let us consider men's motives, and then say whether this will be likely to happen or not. If a man has been on the hud for a number ' of years, he becomes wedded to it, looks npon it ? as bis home, and has almost an affection for every ; piece of bush upon it. What does Sterne say ? ' We plant a withered twig, and cherish it because wo planted it.' Therefore, the objection that persons would e.o on tho land and then abandon it is, I con sider, fully answered. But let us reduce the thing to facts. Under this bill, a person may take up 640 acres in one year. At the end of a certain time, if he make improvements, ho may tuko up a portion of it, at public auction ; and, on the expira tion of a portion of tho term, ho can take up 320 acres without going to auction. Take tho careful poor man, and see what bis position would be at tho end of tho five years. They talk about his leaving it. Why, ho will just bo in the position to turn it to account. Then they say that the settler will ' suck Iho juico out of the land,' as ono candidate gracefully put it. (Laughter.) They adduce facts in support of this, aud instance America, where land has always been free as air to all who chose to take it. I deny the fact in tolo. I utterly deny it. I dwell upon this because it has been stated by many journals, and put forth by several candidates. I utterly deny the fact. Men, they say, live on the land for a number of years, and then leave it ; but it is not so. The men who havo been on tha land can hardly be said to havo settled npon it. They aro men who prefer a hunt ing life to any regular work. They will take up a quarter of a section, put up a hut, and perhaps grow two or threo acres of corn, but, as civilisation advances upon them, they retire and abandon their land, but do not exhaust it. This has been the small foundation upon which they have raised this gigantic fallacy. Then, again, they say why go to auction ; and one journal was so inconsistent as to talk about tho settler abandoning his land, and in another portion of the same article complains that tho poor man was obliged to go to auction. So, gentlemen, if this bill passes into law, I think it will be sufficient to encourage settlement, which is the principal object of tho Land Bill. It in not truo that merely selling the laud is equal to get ting persons to go upon it, to render it productive ; nnd I believe that, if we only inducejporsons to go on it, tho price is of very little consequence. I have had personal interviews with a good many persons acquainted with tho subject, and I havo ascertained the opinions 01 many others, and I have arrived at tho conclusion that the desire with most persons is to get tho land in tho placo whero they want it, more than to obtain it at a low price. I think I shall now allow tho land question to re main with you. As tho elections have gone, I think public opinion is in favor of tho Govern ment, and that they will be supported_.in the House. Wo must not, of course, strain after tho unattain able, but must obtain as liberal a measure as wo can. And now, gentlemen, I have to touch upon a subject that is exciting a great deal of attention at the present time, namely, tho question of free trade versus protection. As regards myself, I am perfectly easy on this question, as I entertain the samo views that I entertained somo eight years ago, when I addressed a political meeting at Bendigo. The view I entertained then, and which I hold now, is that, as long as we derive a certain amount of money from the Custom House, wo should so arrange tho tariff' as to give encouragement to somo of our homo industries, without press ing too heavily upon any portion of them. As to those abstractions 'freo trade' and 'protection' (for they are abstractions), thero is a great deal of fallacy about them, for we must remember that tho position of tho colony is very exceptional, and not to be compared with that of any other country. This is a gold producing country, and our largest producing industry cannot bo benefited by any thing in the shape of protection. V,'o ore in a very dif ferent position to other lands, and reasons that could be used elsewhere would not apply here. I repeat that, as long as wo havo to got a certain amount of money from tho Custom House, we should ar range tho taxes so as to eucourago native indus tries without increasing the burden of taxation. But there is another thing to bo considered. Wo havo not to think of Adam Smith, or an3' othnr writers, wo havo only to look to the circumstances of tho colony, and its peculiar geographi cal position. It would bo unwise to isolate this colony from tho others ; and, while on this subject, I cannot but express my most pro fonnd regret that tho action tnken by the other colonies should tend to weaken the bond of unity that should subsist between them. (Cheers.) I speak for my own part, and I think I state tho viows of my colleagues, when I say that I would rather lose by the duties than encourage a feeling that would embitter our relations with the other colonies. I say, considering our geographical posi tion, with our immense boundary line to New South Wales and South Australia, that, if wo were to at tempt to levy heavy protective duties, wo should lose tho trade, and not get protection — for it would pay persons to smuggle goods into Victoria from the other colonies ; aud all who shut their eyes to our peculiar geographical position will be acting a very unwiso part. What has been forced upon us; by tho conduct of New South Wales and South Australia wo must regret ; but I say again, it will be our duty to draw together tho bonds of good feeling as much as possible, and it will be impossi ble to these small colonies to progress without some thing of the kind. Federation is a question for tho future ; but in all theso small questions it ennnot bo lost to view. Free traders point to England as an illustration of tho principles of free trade ; but the most unfortunate circumstance for them is that England is not a free trade country at all. From tho timo that Huskisson introduced his freo trado principles, tho tendency of England had no doubt been in tho free trade direction, but it is singular enough that there is not a singlo thing in the shape of breadstuff's or anything in the shape of food but is taxed heavily on entering England, and yet free traders speak of it as a free trade couctry. There are upwards of seventy articles of produce taxed ; and, when they speak of England as a great free trado country, tho expression must bo qualified. On tho other side, what do tho protec tionists say? They point to California as a country benefitted by protection, and point to her prosperity, 83 contradistinguished from Victoria, as being due to protection. I deny both propositions. I deny that California is protected, and I deny that she is not moro prosperous than Victoria. They talk about California being able to export grain as the result of protection, but this is merely due to the excess of supply over demand. This is what wo shall do when wo have a surplus, aud this will happen whatever tho fiscal system of the colonies may be. While on the question of protection and tho land question, I cannot lose sight of auother question indirectly connected with it, namely, the question of immigration, which is greatly misunderstood, and its beneficial effects, in my opinion, overrated. I have not changed the views I always held on this subject. I may state, at once, that I am opposed to this indiscriminate immigration. I confess that there are many per sons in tho coiouy, whoso ophuans I have a great respect for, who entertain different views ; but I maintain thnt any large system of immigration is not adapted to the position of tho colony. So far as assisting persons to bring out their fathers, mothers, brothers and sisters, I havo no objection, and I believe it to be a good thing, which onght to bo encouraged. But to send homo money to bring out a lot of helpless people from the shores of Englaud, without being able to give them employment, I look upon as being ono of the most insane things that tho nation could attempt and as far as I can I will oppose it. Then people say wealth makes prospe rity. Well, wo have double tho wealth wo had in 1855, but aro we doubly prosperous? I have no objection to people coming out provided I see tho means of their being employed, but legis lators may make up their minds for ono thing, that, whether we get a good Land Bill or an indifferent one — whether wo have freo trade or protection— wo shall never have a largo stream of immi gration. Thero are only ono or two thiDg3 that cause a stream of immigration to flow to a country, and it happens only once or twice in the history of a nation. Tho gold dis covery caused tho first tide of immigration. _ Thero was tho samo thing in California ; and, singular enough, there was it similar influx 300 year3 before, when Cortes entered Mexico and Pizarro invaded Peru. Tho same thing happened with Victoria. People wero attracted by the gold and preferred leaving their homes and rushing to the colony ; but I say it won't happen again, and no legislation can possibly produce tho same state of things which happens ouco and no ofteuer. There is another thing. Persons rush to new countries whero land is easily available, and it is from this cause that they rushed to America in large numbers. I may bo met with tho argument that large numbers of persons are even now rushing from Ireland to America nnd Germany. Bat do they go for gold or land ? No, they go for bread. (Hear, hear.) They knew there were large works going on in America which would give them em ployment, and besides they were assisted by the good and generous feeling of those who went before, many of whom are constantly sending home for their relations. To show tho extent to which this system is going on, I may state that in ono year, in round numbers, £3,000,000 of money was sent home for this putpsse by the laboring classes of America. (ChaoFS.) The some thing could not tako place iare. ira&nity;, easy transit, and the shortness of the passage making it as easy to get from Great Britain to America as from London to Liverpool, combine to render America an attractive pl:tce ; and, as long as these things continue, immigra tion will go on. But, although this immigra tion does not depend upon tho land, wo mnst not forget tho land system. Small farmers aro constantly taking up land, and going farther westward, und their places are filled up by persons coming to the country, and this it is that has drawn, and will draw, a tide|of immigration to that contitry. Instead, thoreforo, of sending £-200,000 or £300,000 every year for fresh people, I would rather spend it in making those who are here com fortable. (Applause.) Theso are the principal topics npon which I wished to address you. Prac tical legislation is what we now reqtiire to develop tho country. Wo are now about half a million in number — not bad, I think, for a young country. Thero is no country which existed since the world began — and that is going n pretty good way back — that has obtained tho same population in tho same short period, or that has made the same step in material advancement in all tho necessaries and a good many of tho luxuries of life ; and I think wo may start pretty fair, and build up our nation on that prosperity, and bid those that do como welcome. There aro one or two other topic3 which I should like to touch upon. Ono of thoso is a scheme which I have had at heart for a long time, namely, getting a good supply of water for the gold-fields — (cheers) — which 1 um glad to say is iikely to bo Boon accomplished. The Government is willing to divert the waters of the Coliban for the purpose, and two private individuals havo offered to undertake it. Tho Government are quite ready to take tho matter in hand ; but, if any other person is prepared to do it, I think it would bo just as well to encourage private enterprise. There are in other parts of the colony co-operativo parties of worlting men, who are ready to supply places with water, with profit to themselves. This kind of enterprise has been profitable in other countries, and I am sure it will bo gratifying to you to hear that it is likely to bo commenced in this colony. I may saj', in conclusion, that, since I havo been your member, I have endeavored to do my duty to this district. (Applause.) I cannot expect that everything I havo done should satisfy everyone else, but what ever I have done, the majority of tho peoplo will believe I did for the best. I have attended as sedulously as possible to tho material wants of the district, and whenever I have had the opportunity of bonefitting it I havo embraced it. My conduct in Parliament, as your representative and a public man, has not, I flatter myself, brought any discredit upon you ; and, in offering myself .for re-election, I may say that what I havo been I will be, always endeavoring, in any legislation it may be my duty to conduct;, not to lose sight of tho district that returned me. After nfew questions had been put and answered, Mr J. J. Casey addressed tho electors at some length. At the conclusion of his remarks, Mr Huggaud proposed, and Mr Cahtmell seconded, a motion to tho effect that the hon. J. F. Sullivan and Mr J. J, Casey wero fit and proper persons to represent tho district of Mandurang in tho Legislative Assembly. The motion was put and carried unanimously, threo cheers being given for the candidates. After a vote of thanks to tho chairman, tho meet ing broke up. ? «J__ ? ; ? 