OUfr MUTLAL lFREND. B" CIIARLES DICKE'NS. It is now some considerable time since we had a chapter conveying zany information that seemed in the remotest degree contribu tory to the unravelling of the story. The present chapter contributes a little in that direction, but very little after all. Roger Riderhood, one of the waterside characters, comes forward to denounce his' quandam partner, Gaffer Hlexam, as the murderer of Harmon. We are pretty safe in avowing our suspicin that ]oger Iiderhood is more likel the murderer than Gaffer Hexamn. It is possible, indeed, that the actual murderer is neither one or the other, although Riderhood may have been implicated in the affair. lHowever that mnay be, lRiderhood accuses Ilexanu, in the meantime. Tli. information is laid before Lawyer Lightwoord and his friend Eugene Wray burn in the following fashion: Alr. Mortimer Lightwood and Mr. Eugene Wrayburn took a coffee-house dinner to gether in Mr. Lightwood's office. Their dinner done, they turned towards the fire to smoke. It had grown darker as they talked, and the wind was sa" ing an.l the saw-dust was whirling outside the iark r windows. The underlying churchyard was alreadv settling into deep dim shade, and the shade was creeping up to the housetops amoneg w hich they sat. ' " As it," -aid Eugene, "'as if.the churchyard ghosts were ri-ing." lIi walked to the wiudow with his cigar in h?is mouth, to exalt Its flavor by comiparing the fireside with the outside, when lie stopped midway on his return to his urm..chair, and said: "'Apparently one of theu ghosts has lost its way, antid drpped in to be direct, d. Look at this phantom I" Lightwod, whose back was towards the door, turned his head, and there, in the darkness of the entry, stood a something in the likeness of a man; to whoam he addressed the not irrelevant inquiry, '."Who the devil are you ?" "I csk your pardons, Governors," replied the ghost, in a hoarse double-barrelled whisper, " ut might either on you, be Lawyer Lightwood." SWhaVlt do you mean by not knocking at the door?" demanded Mlortinmer. "I tusk your pardons', Governors," replied the ghost, as before, "but probableyou \was inot awa\are your door stood opern." " What do you waut ?" Helcreunto the ghost again hoarsely replied, in a double-barrelled manner, " I ask your par dons, Governors, but might one on you be Lawyer Lightwood? ()ne of us is," said the owner of that name. "All right, Governors Both," returned the ghost, carefully closing the door, "'tickler business." Mortimer lighted the candles. They showed the visitor to be an ill-looking visitor with squinting leer, who, as he spoke, fumbled at an old sodden fur cap, formless and nmangey, that looked like a furry animal, dog or cat, puppy or kitten, drowned and decaying. "'.ow," said Mortimer, " what is it?" " Go(vernors Both," returned the man, in what he meant to be a wheedling tone, "which on you might be Lawyer Lightwood?" "I aim." Lawyer Lightwood," duckiniig at him with a servile air, "I am a man as gets my living, and as gets nmy living by the sweat of my brow. -Not to risk being done out of the sweat of my brow, by any chances,. I should wish afore going further to be swore in." I am not a swearer in of p.o 'le" mo in." The visitor, clearly anvthinlz "?: ri ::" t on thi assurance, doggedlyvm l·:". f. i "Is that your name?:" ;-..d :Iht:.' "My name?" return,d tl. ;,:. "'NU: want to take a Alfred l i 1." (' hi,'. Eugene, smoking and c i·- .ntp:in- hi:., in terpreted as meaning a,:avit.) ' I .il a cu my good fellow." s-id Lil":nod with li indolent laugh, "that I lave not:hing to do with swearing." lie can swear at you. Eugene explained "'iand so i cn I. 'ut we can't do more tor via." `1,KIh dico.,etitn? : by this information'. e vitor turned t!:e drowned dog or cat. i'.-" or ktten, about and shout, and looked Iro :n 'ne of the Gove-r nors Both to the other oi t!:e (; ,ernrs t;-',. while he deeply con.-.iL?ri w-thin him-e!f. At length he decided : " l'h(: I must be too k down." "' Where -:a Ldightwo: "Here," sail the I:n. " In e i: "First, let us know w-h . ,:ur bs' -itlt s io about." Its about," .: r - man. t:kin" a step forward, droppin- s - '- -_aV -ice, an' shading it with lii, i.nd, '"i: aout from five to ten th u:;.! po'uids reward. That's what it's about. I's about murder. That's what it's about." 'tome neaircr the table. Sit down. \\\'iil V ,u have a glass of wine ?" "Yes. I will," said the man:; and I don't deceive you (;Goverors." It was givenr him. IMakiing a stiff armn to the elbow, lihe poured the wine into his mouth, tilted it into his right cheek. ais saying. " \What do sov, think of it ?" tilted it into, his left cheek, as saying, ' W\hat do y ,,i think of it?" jerked it into his stomach, as saying, " What do yu think of it." lno conclude, smacked his lips. as if all three rp'ic d, W \We think well of it"'' "\'ill you have anorther?" "' Yes. I s ill." he repeated, "i and I don't deceive you. Governors." And also repeated the other proceeding. ' No ' .!,e an I.ight wood. " what's your name "' " \ bi,. there ,you're rather lhst, Lawyer Lig'twouod." Ihe replied in a re monstrant manll:r. *" D)o yolu see, Lawyer Lightawood? There vou're a little bit ta-t. I'ms going to Carn from five to tenl thousand pound by the sweat of my brow; and as a poor man doinig iju-tie tothicsweat of my brow. is it likely I can allford to part with so trmuch a my name without it being took down?" )e ferring to the man';r seseC o the bindling powers of len and ink and lpiper, ].ight wood nodded acceptance of E'lgene's nodded proposal to take thos-e spells in hand. Eugene, bringing them to the table, sat down as clerk or notary. r Now," said Ligbtwood, "if you have quite completed your various preparations, miy friend, and have fully ascertained that your spirits are cool and not in any way hurried, what's your name?" Roger lhiderhood." "Dwelling place?" " Lime'us Hole." "Calling or oc cupation?" Not quite so glib with this an swer as with the previous two, Mr. Iider hood gave in the definition, " \\\aterside character." ".\nythsing against you?" Eugene quietly put in, as he wrote. Lather baulked, Mr. Ilderlood evasively remarked, with an innocent air, that he believed the t'other Governor had asked him summa:'t. "Ever in trouble?" said Eugene. " Otnce." (Might happen to any man, Mr. Rliderhod added incidentally). " On suspicion of-" "Of seaman's a pocket," said Mr. RIider hood. " Whe'lreby I was in reality the man's best friend, and tried to take care of him." "With the sweat of your brow?" asked Eugenc. "Till it poured down like rain," said Roger Riderhood. Eugene leaned back in his chair, and smloked with his eyes negligently turned on the informer, and his pen ready to reduce him to more writing. Lightwood also smoked, with his eyes negli gently turned on the informer. " Now let me be took down again," said Iiderhood, when he had turned the drowned cap over and under, and had brushed it the wrong way (if it had a right way) with his sleeve. "I give information that the man that done the Harmon nmurder is Gatller llexam, the man that found the body. '1 lie hand of ,Jesse llexam, commonly called Gaffer on the river and along shore, is the hand that done that deed. His hand and no othler." The two friends glanced at one another with more serious faces than they had shown yet. "Tell us on what grounds you make this ac cusation," said Mortimner L.ightwood. " On the grounds," answered l:iderhood, wiping his face with his sleeve. " that I was Gatiun's pardner, and suspected of him many a long day, many a dark night. )On the grounds that I knowed his ways. Oni the grounds that I broke the pardnirship because 1 see the danger; which I warn you his daughter may tell you another story about that, for anything I can say, but you know what it'll be worth, for she'd tell you lies, the world round and the heavens broad, to save her father. On the grounds that it's well under stood along the causeway and the stairs that lie done it. On the grounds that lie's fell off from, because he done it. On the grounds that I will swear lie done it. On the groundis that you may take me where you will, and get me swore to it. .' don't want to back out of the consequences. I have made lup my mind. 'Take care anywheres." "All this is nothing," said Lightwroodl. "Nothing?" repeated Hliderhood, indignantly and amazed aly. " Merely nothing. It goes to no more than that you suspect this man of the critue. You may do so with souse reasoni, or you may do so with no reason, but he cannot be convicted on your suspicion." "Ilaven't I said-appeal to the T'other Governor as my witness--lhaven't I said from the first trinute that I openeud my mouth in this here world withlout-enld-everlastilng chair" (he evidently used that form of words as next in firce to an affidiavit), "that I was willing to swear that he done it? IHlaven't I said take me aindl get mre sworni to it? I)Dor't I say so sow? You won't deny it, Lawyer Ligihtsood?"'' "Surely not; ibut you only offer to swecar to your susliciou, aLnd I tell y'ou it is not enough to swear to your suspicion." " Not enougl, ain't it, Lawsyer Ligilhtwood?" he cautiously ldemanded. "Positively not." "And dids I say it was etnoigh? Now I appeal to the ' 'iither Governor. Now, fair! DIid I say so? "lIe certainly has not said that hIe ihad no mnore to tell," Eugene observed in a low voice, withliout looking at hinm, '"whatever hie scrnad to iimply." "I lahil' criecd the irinfobrmer triurmphantly perceivisig tlhat the remark was generally in Its favor, though aipparently nlot closely undcrstanrdinig it. '" 1-ortiate for me I hadl a witness! " Go on, then," said Lightwootd. " Say oult what you have to say. No after-tlhought." ' Lett mle ie tooc ddwn then! " cried the in fortmer eagerly and anxiously. "Let ne hle tookl down, for Iy George and the h)raggin I'mi a coring to it now! Don't do nothlsing to keep back fromn a honest mian tihe fruits of the sweat of his brovw ! I give inforinmation, then, that hie toll me that he dlone it. Is thait enouglh.?" "'Take care whlat you say, my friend," returned Mortimer. " Lawvyr Lightwood, take care, you, what I say; for I judge you'll be answerrble bfor follering it up !' T'en. slowly and emphaticallv beatang it all out with his oeln ril h: arm on the n oi f h tin . "./, ~ i, d .- 1:i2erho.,d, i ne'u, I!, e, 1V .:¢ rs:id i cl.ar.cter, teli you, S . iii !.: th t c ud It i::: ,IcI : Xii . : : . L . . - : i l , u 1ni t : 1 1i 1 r i v e r a :. d t,,: . hore, ::r. :.d mc -"r" done the dc?d T:.; s m-re, le 1 id :.:e v.-th his own lips that he done tie. ,!. . An,! I'll swear it ' W here did he l l 't y.,a so-" O u:t?ide."' replied ilciderhood. :.lw:tav bet ing it out, with hi, h:ead determine-l sut a-k,'., an,l his eves w:.tch;uii!v dividing thieir t.:ention ib.teen his two auditors, "" oa tside the dour of the Six .illl Fellowships, to.tr'ds a u rter after tweive I clock at mi iht but I ",iould not in my conscience um ,erta., e t,o swe.tr to s2 ltne a mlattar as five minutes ,n the nti't when he picked up the body. Thie Six ,1.div Feliwships stands on the spot _-:il. Ihe Ix Jolly Fello.v hips won't run v.:y. If it turna- Jut that he warn't at the 5x Ju ' -y F ll w-h ?:s that night at m idnight, I'm a liar." "\\\':"t did he say" .. Bider hoid.' he c-ats, 'word1 passed! betwixt u: on the riven to-.liht.' '\lir I t ier had: ak his d u lht:r i thir'caunel yu ,'l hlie -n , - to chop you over the li'cers with ry boaii's -tr)cthlr, i or take anl ain at your Ibr:i-n, ith myi- b at-book. I did so on account of your 1okina too hard at what I had in tow, as if yuO was suspicious, and on accounts of your holding on to the gunwale of my boat.' I says to him. 'liafter, I know it.' lie says to nme. ' Ilaid ou suspicion,?' I says, 'Gat{ lr, I had : and, what's more. 1 have.' Ie falls a-shaking, and lie says, 'Of foul play.' lIe falls a-shi:aking worse, and he says, 'There ,ae, foul play then. I done it for his money. l)on't betray tne.' lThos2 were the words as ever le ute!i." There was a silence. broken only by the fall of the ashes in the grate. .An opportunity which the inforimer iproved by smitarin:g himl-elt all over thei head and neck and face with his drowned cap, and not at all improving hiiz ow' , appearance. " What more?" a ked iihtwood. "O(f him d'ye mean, La'wyer Lighitwood?" "Of anything to the puirpose." "Now, I'm blest if I un der tand you Governors lBoth," said the in former, in a creeping manner' pro pitiating both, though only one hadl spoken. " \\\'hat? Ain't that enough?" "Did you ask him how he did it, where lie did it, hlien he did it? Far be it froim mei, i wye r Liglihtwool ! I wavil so troubled in i'y iiind, that I wouldn't have knowliied more, no, lnot for the sum ui I exlpect to ,'urn from sou by the sweat of my brow, to ice toll ! i had Iput in ind to the iardtne " shilp, I had cut the conelltiou. I couldn't unldo what was done; andi wihen hie begs aniid prays, 'Old pnrdn r, ion my knee-, don't split upon tie ' I only inulk-es n -teer 'Never speak nmothier word to llog-er Iliderhood, nor look him in the fatheof andl I shuns that nnu." Having given these, words n swing to miake them miunit the higher and go the firtheir, lHger Itidrhoosl poured himself out another glass of 1 iine u ,iilihdlein, iiidl ienie d to chew it, as, with the hallt-'railtied gla-s in hii haii,l he stared at the candles. .lortimer glatcedi at Eugene, but Eugeni?i sat gloss erihg at hil pliper, and would give hirM no resplonlive glauce. Ilretiimer ig'lin turnle to the ii tortler, to whom he said: You have been troubled in your tuinui a long time, lnln l?" (Giving hi winie a fiiul chew, itid swallowintg it, the ilidrmer tnswered in it single word: "l' Oges ! So I uraie ll mly mind to get my trouble off lty mind, and to eurn by the sweat ot ni y brow what was hehI out to me. And what's miore," he lidd ed, suddlely turnl ig looltlhirty, "I lmeanu to have it! And now I tell you, once ind away, Lawyer Lightwood, that Jesse 11 exami, con mmonly cnlled Gaffer, his hand and no other, done the deed, oil his own coinelsion to me. And I gave himl up to ou, tan I want himl tok. This night!" Alter another silence, broken only by thio fall of the a-lir in the grate, which attracted the inltormer's attention us it it wire the chinking of mouney, MIortimer Liglitwood leaned over his friend, and said in a whisper: "I suppose I rul It go w ith ili . flow to our im perturbable li lend at the police-station.'' " I suppose,'" said Engee, "there is no help for it." "Do you believe himln ?" '" blhieve him to be a thorough ra-cal. But he may tell the truth, ftr his own purpose, and for this occa-ion only." It don't look like it." The two friends accompany the informer to thle police statiou at the water side, and hand to the inspector there the notes they have taken of the information. The two triends and the inspector then adjourn to the Jolly Fellowship Porters, which is close by, to wait till ltiderhood can find out when Hlexam, who is away in his boat, may be expected to re turn, as it is their intention to have llexam at once apprehended upon the information re ceived. They sit by the fire of the "public" till they get fidgetty; they shift their quarters outside, under the lee ofl a boat close to the river; one, two, three o'clock passes, andm no appearance of IIlexam. At last lHiderhood iproptoses to shove off in his boat, and take a loiok round. After being away an hour, he returns to report that hlie has seen Ilexamn's boat emllpty and adrift. So the prey escapes the iuformer's clutches after all.-Leader. 