SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Wo extraot from the Adelaide Observer of the 2nd ' instant the following paragraphs : Crjiuous DISCOVERY.-Some six years ago the lady of a well-known Adelaide merchant bad the nnnoyanco of missing from the drawer of a glass in her dressing-room several valuable articles of jewellery. Binga, brooches, and pins disappeared in succession, and suspicion fell upon a dressy and pleasnre- seeking servant girl. Infor- mation was privately imparted to the police. The girl waa watched in doors and out of doors as detectives watch a party suspected, but no evidence was discovered that could conneot her w itli the missing jewellery. The girl left her plaoe ; the losses of bijouterie ceased immediately, and it was concluded, not unreasonably, that she was not only the thief, but a clever one to esoape detection, although watched as she had been. "Years passed by, and the tale at last" was almost forgotten, when in the course of the last fow days the lady complained to her busband that the drawer of her dressing-glass had become fastened by some means, BO that she oould not upon it. The drawer is of peculiar construction, when oiosed it throws a semicircular oover over the top of the stand, which cover uncloacs as the drawer ÍB opened. The gentleman soon ascertained that a small but hard body obstructed the working ot the drawer, and further oxvra'nation brought to light all the artioles of jewellery that had been missing for six years, and for stealing which the youngwoman hadbeon solongauspeo'od. It ia now RU pposed that in cleaning and arranging tbedrrssing-room iii»servant girl was in the habit of plaoing the looking glass upon ita back on the bed, when the weight of the rings, &c;, caused them frcm time to time to fall out of the drawer and into the space enclosed by the movable »emi-oylindriool cover, where they lay perdu until their recent disoovery. This is another instance to be added to the thousand and one proofs of the danger of acting hastily on circumstantial evidence. HoEBrDLB DEATH-On Thursday, December 24, an inquest was held at Moyle's Exohange Hotel, Kadina, balbra Mr. J. B Shepherdson, S.M., on the body of J. A, | Saunders, whioh had been found in the bush.-Arohi- i bxld Conway, deposed-I am storekeeper on Mr. h'owler's station, down the Peninsula. X have seen the body now lying dead- discovered it yesterday. I was .'sheep-hunting for some sheep the shepherd bad loBt from Kulpara. J.waa proceeding in the direotiun of Kal Koberry, and had struck the track at the edge of the scrub. Frooeeded about three miles into the the scrub along the traok when I came upon the dead body. I did not get off my horse but satisfied myself that the man was dead, and atonceproooeded to Kadina l.o report tho'mattor to the polioo.-The body was lying in a bunch of mallee bushes, olose to the edge of the traok. Deceased was lying on his back with his legs crossed. He bnd on a white shirt, _ as iiow, dark pair of trousers, no coot. He WBB lying on his blanket. Did not discover any marks of his having been strangled. Saw aoanteen by his side. . 'Thura were a razor- strop and shaving-brush, as also a shirt, trousara, and waistooat. The trousers and waist- coat were partly nnder hi» shoulders. Had nevor seen the man 'before to my knowledge. The track has not been used for Borne two or three years.-The jury hero examined the memorandum book and canteen. In the former wero found the following:-One memo, showing the person to have been engaged about sheep. " Lived long enough in the world to know that friends follow fortune, but never make it." " J. 0. Dixon, Manager South Australian Bank, Ade- laide." A paid envelope, addressed "J. A. Saunders, oare of John Hope, Koolunga, Broughton." Tbe can- teen bore on the hollow «ide the Inscription.-" Without water four days. Captain Hart, Fort Adelaide. Saun- ders my name ; Yorkshire." On' the round side waa inscribed-"God have mercy on my soul. Despair, famine, misery." After a few moments' deliberation, the jury returned the following verdict:-" That the deceased was found dead in the scrnb near the track from Yorke Valley to Cocoanut Point, on Yorke's Penin- sula, on the 23rd December, 188 J. That he had no marks of violence appearing on his body, but he died from ex- haustion and want of food and water, and not from any violont moans whatever to the knowledge of the jnrors." ? DISEASE AMONO CATTLE.-Our own correspondent at Mintaro informs OB that since his former communication two head of cattle had died of the disease to which he formerly referred, and that another which showed the same symptoms had been destroyed to prevent the disease spreading, if it were proved to be contagions. TUB AMBRICAN'" DEATH STRUGGLE"-The pet re- proach of the Northerns is that we show no feeling for them in their " great death Btruggle." But aro we to blame for this, seeing that we have only very lately been informed that the Btruggle is now of so serious a nature ? Why were we not told before that it was not a death struggle ? and we might have been affeoted locordingly, But on the conlrary,_wja.were told that the rebellion was a more flea bite, that it would be put down in a few days, that it would easily be stamped out by the legions of the North, and the traitors brought to condign justice. Not a word was said about a death-struggle in the early, hopeful, and boastful stages of the war. And now, if we were to appear anxious about the fortunes of the North and the fate of the Union, our solicitude would be resented as much as our indifference, and the Federals would ask what right we bad to be uneasy about them, that they were in no sort of difficulty, and that the task in their hands was a mere trille, which could have but one issue. We should be cavalierly told that if we had any pity to spare we had better bestow it on the over-matched Southerns, who are just on the point of being crushed ont of exist- ence, blotted from the face of the earth. Lot the Ame- ricans settle it in one way or the other, and make their demands on our feelings accordingly. Let them rule that the Btruggle is a death struggle, or that it is hardly to be called a struggle at all, all the elements of strength, bravery, skill, numbers, and justice being on one side. For either case we may have suitable feelings, but not for both in oapricious turn. Imagine a huge man fighting with a stripling about a fourth Ilia weight and size, and bellowing to the spectators the reproach, " You have no sympathy with mein this death struggle ?"-Examiner. A .NIGHT ATTACK.-BEHABKABLE INCIDENT.-After midnight on Thursday week, while Dr. Logio, of Kirk wall, was returning from visiting a patient at Harrow, along the Stromness Boad, by the side of the bay of Firth,_ he was suddenly startled by a large while fowl swooping and dashing about thelantern of bis gig. The night was very dark, and the fowl kept circling and flapping about the gig, uttering lond cries whioh sounded somewhat unearthly from their proximity amid the dark- ness. Dr. Logie, who was greatly at a loss to know what species of fowl it was, and who fe] tdcsiroua to pnt an end to thiB unpleasant interrup' ion whioh threatened tostartlehis hor8e,gotoutof the gigandgnveohase,holding the lantern between him and the bird. He succeeded in laying hold on what turned out to be a very fine male solan goose in full plumage. The bird screamed violently when caught, and before suffering the " extreme penalty of the law" by being strangled, he inflicted a severe bite on his cap- tor's hand, and it was with extreme difficulty that Dr. Logie oould remove his hand from the tenacious and for- midable bill. The feathered highwayman was carried in triumph to Kirkwall, where he is now undergoing the process of stuffing by Mr. Thomas Foubister. The fowl is a splendid specimen of the solan goose, measuring 6 feet from tip to tip of the sail-like wings, and 3 feet 2 inches from the point of the bill to tee end of the tail - Orkney Herald. CAPTURE OF AN ATROCIOUS YOUNG CRIMINAL-On Saturday, at the Wigan police office, William Mitohen son, a powerfully-built lad of sixteen, was taken before Mr. J. Meek, charged with no less than three diabolical outrages, and attempted outrages, upon females. From the statement made to the magistrate, it appeared that on the previous Monday a Mrs. Cunliffe, the wife of a farmer, residing in the borough of Wigan, WBB passing through the Haigh plantations, when she waa followed by the prisoner, who attempted to assault her, but she escaped from him, and took refuge in a house a short distance away. On the day following a yonng woman of twenty-five, named M'Whinney, was passing the fish pond in the plantation, when the prisoner approached her, and throwing her to the ground attempted to violate her. She struggled with him some time, and at length sucoeeded in extricating herself from his elutohes. Information of these attacks having been given to the polioe, they, were of course on the look out ; but nothing was seen of the prisoner till Friday, when a person answering his description was noticed by a son of Mrs. Cunliffe and followed into Wigan, and there appre- hended by a police-constable. He was taken to the Btation and there identified by the woman. Whilst this was going on in the office, another woman appeared to pre- fer a, more serious obarge-one of rape- whioh had been committed only a short time previously, also in the Haigh park ; and on being placed before several young men, amongst whom waB Metohinson, she at once identified him as the offender. The name of the complainant was Costellon. She resided at Gathurst, and was aged about twenty. She stated that, hearing a gentleman in Haigh required a servant, Bhe was pro- ceeding to his house through the park, when she saw MetchinBon, and asked him the way ; he proffered to show her ; but, instead of taking her to the place, he led her to a deserted part of the plantations, and there endea- voured to violate her. bhe struggled Borne time, and screamed for help, when the young misoreant, drawing a knife from his pooket, threatened to stab her, and then, whilst fearful of murder, and exhausted with her struggles, he effected MB purpose. Afterwards he searched the pookets of hie viotim, and robbed her of sixpence in copper, all the money she possessed. The spot where this occurred wag pointed out to the police, and it was found to be near a group of almhonses, the inmates of whioh, it was learnt on inquiry, had heard the screams of the complainant. Having also heard of the assault, the old people were in great terror till they knew that the yonng criminal WBB in custody. AB the offencoB were oommitted in Haigh, the prisoner was handed over to the oonnty police. We learn that he has only just left gaol, where he has been imprisoned fnr n. AÎmiliïr Grime. EXTIUOBDIKART CASE.'-A girl, named Mary Ann Barber, was sentenced to fourteeen days' imprison- ment at Taunton, on Wednesday, for a singular offence. Barber, who was supposed to bo an invalid, disappeared about two months ago, and it was supposed that she bad been murdered. Suspioion fell on the woman with whom she lodged, who then told the following remarkable story, which now turns oat to be true, but was not believed ac the time.. Daring the summer the girl Barber lodged at her bouse, keeping her bed entirely, during a portion of which time she was visited by charitable persona who daily looked for her decease, soill did she appear, apparently taking no food to sustain life, In the house were other girls, who went out daily to labour and who invariably complained on their return that some of their victuals had mysteriously disappeared. One day, a little girl, on the return of ber mistress, told her that Mary Ann, the invalid, had been down stairs in her night dregs, and had been to the cupboard and taken more victuals-When Mary Ann waa told of this she stoutly denied it, and assorted that the girl mnst have seen her ghost, and doubtless it was a token that she should " speedily die and be with Jesus." One day the food in the oupboard continuing to disappear, the mistress resorted to stratagem to discover the thief, and told Mary Ann that ehe was going out and should not be be at borne for several hours. She locked the front door, and apparently left the house, but at once got in again by tho back way, and secreted herself in the cupboard. In the course of half an hour she beard footsteps ooming down stairs, and then the door of the oupboard was opened, discovering to the mistress the ghost of Mary Ann, and to Mary Ann the ghost of the mistress. Both were too muoh frightened to speak at first, but tho affair ended in the miatresB ordering Mary Ann to leave honse next day. Early in the morning Mary Ann had vanished, taking with her some of the apparel belonging to her follow-lodgers. A day or two since she returned to the town and waa at once given into oustody on a charge of vagranoy, i EFTBOTS OF FEAR -The Nord vouches for the authen- ticity of the subjoined narrative, showing in a remark j able manner the effeot of fear on the imagination :-A gentleman of great enorgy of character, while staying at i an hotel at Turcoing, waa seized with excruciating toothache, accompanied with great swelling of the ' gums. He WSB recommended to apply a leech, and the keeper of the hotel undertook the delicate operation, using for tbo purpose a piece of paper sore iced up so as to form a kind of case. At the end of a few minutes, as the sufferer did not feel the leech, an examination took place, but the leech was not in the paper, and it had disappeared. It was immediately conclude:!, to the great horror of the sufferer, that he had swallowed the mordant worm. Ko sooner was this dreadful conoluaion arrived at than the affiighted man felt terrible bites in his stomach, and although he swallowed a glass of oil ot sweet »almonds, renewed bites showed that the leech WBB still aliwo, A doctor was called in, and an ounce of castor-oil was administered immediately, bnt repeated agonising pains proved that the leech was in another part of the stomach. A dreadfull fear now took posses- sion of the unfortunate man, who anticipated that his intestines would b:on soon perforated, and that death WUB certain. A seoond dootor called in prescribed two more ounces of castor-oil, which the patient sitallowod most stocially, but the bites and pains were renewed. The hotel-keoper happened then to change his coat, and in the sleeve he found the leech, which had made its escape at the end of the paper hold to the gum of the sufferer. The unfortunate' man'was thus assured that bia lito was no longer in danger, but he was still a prey to most uncomfortable sensations consequent on the effectB of the three ounces of castor oil which he bud, taken. 