WAVERLEY WESLEYAN SABBAT H . SCHOOL.. TILE anniversary serrines in eonneslion «Uh ibis Insu- lation «ere held on Sandey and Monday, the 17tb and 18tb instant. On the formerd»y sermons «ere preaobcd. to large, and attentive L audiences, by thé Be VP. J. N. Manning, S. 0, K-ant, and J. Watbln. On Monday a. pabilo tea-meeting «as held. The ehapel «as tastefully decorated with evergreens and flowers, and the smiling faces of the fair ones tended to make thinga pass off most pleasantly. A large number indulged in the very warm work of tec-drinking; and «ben the tables bad been cleared, a public meeting oom menaed, opened by singing and prayer, after «hieb, JOHH CALDWELL, E.'q., M.L.A,, was moved into, ffie obair, and Bald he had gio it pleasure, in presiding,. The thought of making a Bpeeoh «as not so pleasing. However, with so many speakers present, it, was unnecessary for him to say very mrjeb. He fell a great interest in Sabbath.Bohools, They were growing, increasing, strengthening, they had performed a great work, and were still doing muoh towards forming the lives and babita of the young. A gnat deal depended on tbs formation of the character of the youth. Much waa Bald about political institutions end their importenae, but the Sabboth-sohool was most importen*, and be congratuh ted. the meeting on the establishment of a Sabbatb-BChool at Waverley. . . Mr, JAKES VICKERY, tho superintendent, treasurer, and secretary of the Sabbath eohool, read the report, from which we learnt that tho number of eoholars on the books was 103 ; average attendance, 81; and toeohets 12\. In the library there were 261 volâmes. The treasurer's report was encouraging, and showed a baloncein hand. Bev. J. N. MÁNNINO moved the fleet resolution-^ " That the report be adopted, and that thanks to God are due for the mensuro of SUOCDBB whiab be hes granted to theWavérloy Sabb'ath-Bohool.and that it'ia a nutter, of rejoicing also that tho uaefal institution of the Sabbath Babool hos been so widely adopted in Kew Sooth"Wales'."' He "said the reBolalion was a oheerful one-not a I mournlul wora in ir, mn or rejoicing. Every one «bo loved the Church mast rejoioe in the prosperity of the Sabbath- sohool. As the rising ' and falling of the quiahailver in the thermometer denoted the heat or. ooldnesB of tho atmosphère, so was the condition of the Sabbath. Babool asa e guide ss to the prosperity of the Oburob. There waa eauBe for thanksgiving. If s foreat «'ere entered it would be foond that all tba trees were not glantp, wbioh would Boon wither and decay, and become sapless leafless-dead-but among them would' b's some just sprouting; soma almost . aa email es a . blade- of grass-just :; so ? In1 the Church. Sabbath.Eohoola . were the nurserioB of the Cburob. The teaoherB'boeded to he meD, filled with the Holy Ghost, to whom the work would not he an unin- teresting task. The great work of teaching WBB not only to tell of Christ, but to indooo tbe obildren to love bim ; not to tell only of heaven and hell, but to toaoh how one wes to bo gained and the other shunned; not only to tell of the fold, but to teach them how to get there; not only to inatruot tho head, but also the heart. That tobool was a happy one, whoso teaobera wero humble; whose hearts were in the work, who wrestled with God for their obiloren, who worked on and boped ever. The sreiktr thea referred to the'pleaaura whiohtoaohers had in seeing fruits to their labours, and gave iu6tanoes that bad como under his notiae. It WBB neoeBBary tbat the efforts of teachers ebonld be supported by the parent', every father ahonli be tbe prleet of hia family, Bev. C. STEAD acennded the resolution, and said that he was reminded of o circumstance wbioh had oooorred the previous dej. A man was straggling for lifo and shouting for help at the Ciroalar Quay-a band was Btretoted forth and he wos Baved, and poured oat bis gratitude. HÍB (tho speaker's) feelings were much the samo towards Sabbath-schools-bo could nover forgot them-there bb reoelved bis drat religions impreBBions. He oculd afford encouragement to teaohors; tho bread oaBt upon tbs waters would return after many days, an example which had como under tho apoaher's Imme. diate|notioe, and wbioh boro out tho statemont, waa given. Seed sown in tender hearts sometimes brought forth fruit when lcaat expoctcd. It was o most import- ant position to mle anatior ; it waa most important to minister to tho diseases of tho body ; but it was still more I important to have Ibo care of young immortals. It waa necessary to form tho minds of tho obildren while they were young-as tho twig was bent tho tree was inolined. I An oarnoBt appeal to teaohors conoludodtho speeob. The reaolution «OB oarriod ananimouBly. \- Mr. W. BCBSON moved Ibo second resolution-" Tbat, as the Sabboth-sohool institution has been BO honoured of God asa means of furnishing members ministers to tbe Churob, and ss a means of repressing evil and difl'üBlug piety, it should bo aberhbed and supported by all means and by all persona who ore zealous for tho glory of God and the benefit of mankind.' Ho said tho resolution oontalned an epitomo cf ibo history of ono of tba most importa t Institutions in oonneotion with tho Christian Church, Tba resolution was concise and com- prehensive- asserted a great deal; but there was no exaggeration-- there WOB no painting in too high colours. Tbe Boooess which bad attended tho Sabbath-school was moat extraordinary and far exceeded the moat sanguina expectations. It had to broatt tho storms of opposition; bal in a comparatively Bbort time it had accomplished more than any other agenoy in oonneotion with the Chnrob: It bad added mombors. If an inquiry wore instituted, it would be found Sabbath eohcola -were -tho- most fruitful adjunct"; Nine toen-twentletha engaged in proaobing aro from S bbatb amboola. Their first rellgioUB inetruotlon had boen obtained there; tho spark of fooling for the BOUIB of others had been tboro ornatcd. Among ibo brightest abampions for tho trutb, tho brightest Christians, tho greatest scholars, tho moat useful of mon will be lound .tboao who rdceivád tboir first religious training in Boah institutions. Bagged schools uil'eotnd much, benovolmt asylums and homo refuges wero most; Ufofu, most eff.otual; but Sabboth-uoiiools in a groat rxoasuro prevented tba orima wbioh ncooBBltatod the oetablisbmont of tboao benevtlont institutions. Ber. B. SFIXAUB Bald ha (cit great ploaearo in mooting them, glad so GOOD ofter landing to oonnoot himself with tbe Chnrob. Englishmen wero apt to form very wrong notions of Ibo oulouicB and tho people On hia woy out, ho intonded to bavo road a history of tho I oolonicB ; bot bo WBB glad to Bay ho had not dono BO, and bo carno. without any prijudico». Somo iuturesling atatla ios an to tba progrès» ol Sunday-Bchoola in tho old country were thon afforded, louey the átalo of England, without them. Lol them bo removed aad the ca un ti y would aink into «omi.barbarism. They had dono good, end were still doing good, nod from them many wera jnduoea to unite themselves vtltU Ibo Ghrtrcb, Tho __-.-.- ?? "-i, I boi'dei'a work WM important when Ia?lng the formai, lion of the building, and ao the teiobea'a work, ia rom. lng tbe mind, wa« jost ai important. He cordially, teoondod tba résolution, whlob was pot and cirried unanimoaely. Bev. W. E. BOCBHK moved the third reaolotioo 11 That SB the Sabbatb.sehcol enterprise is BO good* a thing, this mee'ing resolves to nid it by gifta and prayers, and effortp, in the celt do expectation al the faiibeiln* 1 bleeslng, and help of God." Some people, he said, wara I able to get op, without notioe, end speak for the hont I togelber. Unfortunately he was rot BO gifted * I but there were some tbiogB which did not 1 rr quire mush advocacy.. Ho bad. been reorntly ff shown, i the . Destitute Children's Atjlora 1 at Bandwlok, and ba notioed the exteoBlva I li erality of one geutlcmao; he did not expeot mah a D large amount aa £12,000 j bot still tbry. oould give to. fi wards the aoppoit of Sabbath.BohoolB on that,occasion. E : Bev. r. LriENTNaix felt much like a man «iibouta I leg. The-previous speakers had taken bia ideal. Sab. E batb- sobool enterprise bad proved most important'to . B England, What a wonderful ohange had been tffeoUd' fl since Bobeit li ¡ikea foimed the first Sabbatb.eobool. 1 Extraordinary cffeota resulted. Light wes kindled; H homes made; hearla blessed; souls saved. If snob, in«> B etilntionB hid nover existed, it is a qaealion whether ba I would have heen present, lt was tba duty ol the people I to o'Biat. Too oolleetlon was ooming. He was g'aoV ? they were able to pay both end. He oordially seoonded the rsBolution, whiob waa oarried. [ A oolleotion was then made, whlob, with the auras te« delved on the previous dey, amounted to £13 4i,0d, i Bev. B. CiiAruis . moved, . and Bev. J. WAZSIS seoonded-" That the tbanka of this meeting be offered to J. Caldwell, Esq., M.L.A., for hiB kind services on the. present oeoaeion, wbieh was duly acknowledged. Several onttems were very nicely tung during tba evening by tba ohildren of the Sabbath-johool, undor tba' direction of Mr. Wiley. . ' . J ; , Tbe meeting, whiob was pronounced by all presentía' have been very pleasant,- was brought to a oonclusion by the singing of tho doxology, and tbe pronounoiog of tba' benediction, at a few minutes after ten o'clock. 