, . CBICKET. Claud.-Bal will lt pay,Horatio? flor.-.LetShylook seo to that, but yet I Hast Ho's no great loser. Ctoud.-Whlob side weat in first f. flor.- - - We did; Anä'eoored . paltry thirty inns in alU , IVhe lissom Lockyer gambolled, round tlie stamps 'With many a crafty om Tat; you had thought An Iodiarabber monkey were endued ' With wicket keeping instincts ; te'ezing Tinley. , Iseaed bis tieaoherous notioes to quit Ruthlessly truthful 'to his (ame, and who Shell speak of Jackson? Ob,'twas aad indeed To watch tho downcast faoes of oar men ' ' Returning from tbe wickets; one by one, .Like patients ot the gratis consultation Of some skilled lee.c.h,rthey took their turn at pbyalo, And each osme sadly homeward with a floe Awry (Broughinward anguish; they were pale !As ghost* ol some dead bat deep mourned lore . Grim with a great despair, but foroed to Btnlle, Claud.-Poor sonia I Th' unkindest heart had bled for thom. >??:'?? . Brit whit came ofter ? '.- flor.- Fortune turned her wheal And Grace diBgrioadfor the nonce was bowled Flrst'bil), and til tho welkin roared applause. As for the rest they sooted a goodly soore . And showed some splendid orioket, bat their deeds Were not colossal, endear own braveiTennant -. Proved himself all as good a man as they. ...a . . . . .. . . - . '. . . . »' » Through them we groat oar mother; io their oomiog Wo shake oar dear old England by the hand .,< ..And watch spsoe dwindling, while the shrinking world \- Collapses into dothing. ' Mark me well. Slatter as swift as swiftest tboagbt shall fir And spaoe itself be nowhere. Future Tinieys Shall bowl from London to oar Carit tohurob Tennants, And all the rnna between the stumps be mada In flying baskets, whioh shall ocme aid go, .And do tbe oirouit round about tba gibba Within Un^eoonds, 'Donoloheok rae with The roundness oribis intervening world, The winds, tho^ountaln raoget, and tbe seas These binder nothing : for tbe leatborn sphere, Like to a planetary satellite, . Shall wheel its faithful orb and strike tho bails Olem from the oentre of Ibo middle clump. Mirrors sholl badg suspended in Ihe air, ' .Fixed by a chain between two obosen stars, , And every eje shall bo a telesóope To read tbe passing Bbadowa from the world,. -/Snob games abali oe hereafter,-bat as yet . u ?Wo lay foandaîlbns only. O laud,-'ihm mast be dran», Horatio. Bar.- < . . 1 801 «m. -Cant IT bury Pren. , ^ , - 