BELL'S ESSENCE OF PARLIAMENT. ! Pu IB AT, JANÜAJBT 8TH, 1864. The " Editorial Wo" of this jonrnnl presents its grate- ful compliments to Collective Wisdom in general, * and HON .tonN in particular for having kindly and gratui- tously roliovod.it of any troublo in extracting tho essence of this days proceedings, by furnishing a very superior description of nrticlo, all out of their own heads. We give it vcrbum verbo : " Mr ROBERTSON'enid that unless tho honorable Finance Minister favoured tho : Houso ^vith some explanation of his reasons for tho item,'ho would never got it passed by that committee. Ile would undertake to say that tho honorable member would furnish such explanation, although ho himself said that ho would not. no would guarantee that ho would. Ho could sympathise sincerely with tho honourable member, who ho did not think had been well treatod in tho Houso, and cortninly* not well treated by his colleagues, who had snubbed him in every possiblo way. Tho way in which tho honorable mombcr was treatod by his chief, recalled vividly to his inind two lines of a song Bung by tho Christy's Ministréis, which he would read to tho committee They wero as follows : Poor old .Tefl"! he's gone to rest j Got tam him-let him go. (Roars of laughter.) .' Mr DALGLEISH, asked if that was language for that House? ' Ho moved that tho words be taken down. Mr ROBERTSON would again read-tho quotation Poor old Jeff! he's gone to rest ; G-o-t-t-a-m him—let him go. Mr DALGLEISH, after tho explanation of tho honorable member, would withdraw his motion. Mr ROBERTSON object od to . tho withdrawal of the motion, (Laughter.) Mr REDMAN was about to move, as an amendmont, that, if the honorable menlbor did not withdraw his motion, the honourable member should sing it, and the House join chorus. Mr ROBERTSON demanded that tho words should be read by tho clerk. The CLERIC then read the words, " Poor old Jeff! he's gone to rest: Got tam him—let him go." Mr STEWART hoped that tho entertainment of tho Christy's Minstrels would be enjoyed in some other place than within the walls of that house. The business of tho country was of too serious a nature to bo ridiculed by such conduct. Mr ROBERTSON said he didn't care. There had been a motion to take down his words, and ho insisted that tho words should be taken down. He did not make tho motion, and ho was not afraid of any of his words being tuken down. Mr MORRIS, notwithstanding tho way in which tho honorablo member thought proper to spell the words or pronounce them, no one could hear them without know- ing that nothing but blasphemy was meant. Although tho words wore pronounced by Germans and negroes as tho honorable member had spelt thom, there could bo no doubt that tho words were blasphemous-that God's name had been taken in vain, no matter what tho honor- ablo member may have meant, he trusted tho honor- ablo member would not persevere in wishing tho words to bo entered in tho records. Tho actunl business of the house in Ways and Means was what that screaming child of nature GARBETT facetiously ehactcrisod as Marlins jumble taking tho place of Geoffreys Mixture. They dipped into candles in such a flaming manner that thoy waxed quite wrath ovor thom. If avidg montally roamed nil over grease in the shape of tallow, wax, stcarino, Belmont, and ovory hon. mombor having differed with ovory other hon mombor, poor old Jé^was'allowed by a division of 25 to 9 to book a penny a pound for thoso wicked prod uctiona in hismod6l lodger. Lollies woro then discussed ih tho sweetest and most candid mannor and Jeff got poraiission to get tho «tejar out of them nt tho rate of 2d a pound. Rice was next cnetcerZover but nothing settled, oxceptthatan amondmcnt was quashed on division. RUSDEN who was .enjoying " forty winks" woko up a minuto too late and finding himself on tho wrong sido of tho IIOUBO was compolled to go in for tho " ayes" instead of tho " noes." Tho great grocery establishment ' shut up'nt 3 minutes past 12. TUESDAY, JANUARY 12rn. Out of respect to the memory ol' that old and esteemed member, Captain Moriarty whose earth- ly remains Wero conveyed to their last resting place this afternoon, tho house, on tho motion of Mr Martin, seconded by Mr Cowper, ad- journed till tho following doy. A great numbers of Hon. Member followed tho melancholy cor ? togo as a last, tributo to a veteran truly "sans pour and snnsreproohe." Jlequiescal in pace ! WEDNESDAY, JAN. 13TH, 18ßi. ? Collective IPhdom wns "nil Hiera" (barringtho luxury of stopping away, indulged in by a few, who proferred sleeping out of the house) by half-past throo. . Mr Tra-HR opened tho ball by asking Mr Wilson how much he was going to stand for tho road betwocn sorao- . whare arid somowhoro clso. Mr WIMOS said certainly, perhaps, nnd Mr Tighe Bat down greatly relieved in his mind by so lucid and com prohonBive a reply. Mr GARRETT then wonted very particularly to know if Honourable Todd's intentions were -honourable to- wards tho Young men, post officially speaking. AnTntrn asked inquisitivo, Toni it tho Young men would like to havo it now, or wait till they get it. GAR- RETT said, " whichovoryou please, my pretty little dear -you've, got tho monoy,and wo'vo got the shico." HOLROYD said ho was ALL ROTGUT (N.B. This joke hoing furnished to us by an hon. member who was nsloop on the floor of tho House from a- Btrong rush of Punch to the brain, ia copyright and tea defy anybody io laugli or even smile at it). Tho " wandoring HARPUR" then got np and said ho could not seo why a blind man namod Tim Corkory should bo sent to " ehokey" for asking tho pitblio to obligo'him with alms, in consideration of his having lost his eyes. Mr MARTIN, who ovidently considered tho Hon. Patriok anything but a gentleman, and vory much no bettor than . ho should bo, said that none woro so blind as thoso who won'tr seo-Uiat tho aforesaid blind man wns a standing nui- sance, and that Captain Scott was . perfectly juttice-iRed by tho tormB of the Act in opining his eyes to the thousand and one delights of Heid's Oahinot of Curiosities on tho umbrageous heights of Darlinghurst. (N.B.-As wo perfootlyagreo with Hon. James on this subject, it is almost superfluous to say " righ tho was.") Mr GARRETT enquired why on tho tait occasion he' crossed over Globo Island Bridgo nono of tho Ministry wore them to toko his toll, and said ho could not under- stand suoir"snioidal polioy." "Good Old JolT' said he'd got. plenty of monoy,' nnd was doing ioW-orably well without suoh an abridgement of tho pleasure afforded by so stupendous a pioco of architoeturo. 123 remarkably free ond particularly onlightonod resi- dents of o " village near Goulburn^" ond G4f> inhabl- } tonta of that city of palaces 'itself, of the same way of thinking, presented petitions against tho proposed im- post on newspapers ju genbraL and our weekly 'blessing in particular through, Mr EUAN BBL, who beautifully re-, marked that it was a shaina for anybody to make a tax on BELL'S LIFE, when it was well known tliut BELL'S LIFE never made attacha on any body. The Assembly thon compared .scabs with tho Council in a discussion involving points and technicalities, which as Lord Dundreary would hara said, if he had had the mis fiprtuno of being present, " Nb fellah can make out ;" but wo believo. it was agreed that the only way to save the life of a sheep so indisposed was to kill it immediately. MrEAO.ui, with that tact and originality which has made him tho most popular man of his, or anybody else'B day, then proposed ways and Mean's, us tho best modo of ma/tiny a little change in tho .monotony of tho proceed- ings, and a huge mess of rice having been laid on the table, colleotivo Wisdom proceeded to discuss it. After tho House in propria jiersond had consented to agree to what it had agrocd to consent to in commit- tee, in reference to the "osnsidercd trifles" whose duty had been already prescribed-to wit,-wines, beers, dried fruits, oils, &c;, ¿c. To detail all tho "truths divine that came mondod from the tongues" of hon. members on this all-absorbing topic would bo too g*cat a pon and iiiA-nm tax on our humble powers of description. Suf Geo it to say that it was proposed to put a duty of £2 a ton on rice. Mr LUCAS said that was not half enough, and that 5s 6d would bo nearer the mark. Mr MARTIN mudo n few remarks, advocating a tax on silks, but there being so many " old women" present, it was " no go." Mr ROBERTSON said ho disagreed with, rico, or rico disagreed with him-" that's tho ideaV-ho nevor used it, and therefore tax it by ull means. Dr LANG asked if China was not a man and a brothar-very well then I Their anatomical museums were almost ontiroly sup- ported by rico-ergo, don't tax it. Mr SADLEIR said " bosh s" Mr HARPUR said " stufT," and Mr DANQAB gently " poohed" the proportion. Mr SAMUEL suid ho «vas so opposed to the tux that he felt it his duty to sup- portait, and the amendment being put was negatived by 27 to 8. Different members then proposed tho duty should be variously fixed ut Gs, 8s, 20s, and 20s Cd, all of which were discussed in that peculiarly quiet, gentle style for which collective wisdom is so famous, and all of which wore consecutively negatived ; and Mr GARHETT having enlivened the august assembly by reading the melbourne Argus from the heading to tho publisher's namo ot the bottom, with an elocutionary grace which would havo made Crt.utr.ns KEAN blush like u virgin, tho House was " counted out" without arriving nt any conclusion, and at twenty minuted to twelve, hon. mem- bers departed to tho land of Xod after singing Dr Watt's divine ballad. And now another day is gone, Let's give CHARLES COWPER praise For doing all that cnn bo done , To queor "JEFF'S" means and ways. THURSDAY, JANUARY 1-lrn. With " souls and bodies in tho notion both," members exchanged greetings about half-past 3, and then the usual questioning commenced. Mr DRIVER wanted to know if Ministers wero" aware" that that marvel of modern engineering, the tubular bridge over Pepper's Crock, was in daily expectation of tumbling head over heels into tho abyss below, and whether they did not mean to do something for it. Mr HOLROYD said, uftcr searching all over the terrestrial " globe," ho was in a position lo say that he had no idea where Pepper's Creek was, but he thought that gentleman's "ghost" might throw soma blue light on tho subject" the next time, ho visits tho Victoria Theatre - Some other malters "of no valuo to nnybody but thoir owners" being propounded, Mr LUCAS wac tinnily informed by Mr FORSTER that Government had no intention of reducing tho price of that great oruela ol' literature and tho ,fino arts, known as tho Government Gazette. SiiOALnAVEN presented its compliments, and asked for a wharf, and EAST MAITLAND wanted to know if Gov- ernment had got such a thing as a spare bridgo about it, bceauso, if so, PITNACREE WHS just*the place for it. Mr EAQAR said if tho Houso wouldn't let him mako a motion on tho spot, no power on earth should pre- vent him making it to-morrow, or. At ull ovonts beforo tho tax was imposod on nowspapcrs. He wanted to re« storo tho order of the day I'M re Ways and Means, which had beon so cleverly "jockeyed" out tho night beforo. Mr EOAN said ho wouldn't be trampled on by "Jeff," his "intímalo friond," or "any oder man." After n short discussion, Eagar was constrained to pass his mo- tion. Mr SPEAKER theiv set himself right with'the if ouse by getting into a hopeless stato of complication about tho Council and tho Assembly, and begged "abovo all, that they wouldn't misunderstand him." Tho Council had sont something to tho Assembly, and tho Assembly had dono something with that something, and sent another something to tho Council, and if a cor tain something wasn't settled boforo something oise came olf, thom would bo something wrong somewhere. Collective WISDOM told Mr Spcakor to cheor up, and not let his spirits go doiau, " but tako something at tho bar of tho Houso ;" and Mr SPEAKER " saying ho could ne'er consent, consented." Tho Houso then wont into committee on tho groat Rico Question, Mr DANOAR saying that if that urticlo was taxed, all tho merchants would " hook it," and tho colony go to immortal Binash. -s Mr MACPHERSON said tho oppposition was like tito "great social evil" of crinoline, and." stuck out" too much altogether. Mr HARPUH wanted to know on what grounds Gov- ernment proposed this impost. Hon. WILLIAM said rice grounds. Mr SADLEIR then jumped up and spoke an iufinito deal of nothing in a speech of two hour's duration, during which tho "dreadful bell" kopt on ringing in quorums, who, as soon as they wcro formed, vanished into thin air again, playing a highly exciting game of hide and sock. Ho complimented Mr Allon for his candles, and sugges- ted fireworks, blue, and scidlitz powder, as better objects for taxation than rice, ne said Government ought to bo sent to Woolloomooloo for six months' tor doing their duly without permission, no drew an affecti'ig picturo of his furniture, which ho said being of colonial parent- age, kept on tumbling down and breaking its legs, which was very unpleasant for his frionds when they took din- ner with him ; and concludod amidst flattering cries of "shame, Bhame," by remarking that Govorment, though porfi etly ot liberty to damn thumsolvos, had no right to dam up Port Jackson. His dry remarks causod the House to go into a provisional committee in the refresh- ment room ; and whon thoy returned LUCAS had a littlo "go in" against the proposition ¡ and SAMUEL complhnen ted certain hon mouibors for their consistency in taxing John Chinaman's self, und wanting to spare his "grub." GARRETT followed, and got into such a high etateof effervescence that iîeà- man's phiz turned scarlet with shame at what ha called the "despicable position into which hon members had brought tho affairs of tho Houso," ond in ordor to prevent tho proceedings from nppearing in black anti wintro next tiny, and bringing col- lective wisdom into contempt, called attention to there boing strangers in tho gallery. ' Tho result was a grand clear out, for which tho reporters returned thanks with all their hearts-. ' This blissful moment was exactly 25 miris. past 0, nnd'tho House had all the fun tb itsolf till" 20 mins. past ll, when it rose, leaving Rice still unpro- vided for. But a sweet little cherub informed us that SADLIER said that Government might call him an old devil, but ho would show them he was a. young one. Mr DALGLEISH said Danger's faco put him. in mind of "a house to let unfurnished"-Hiva^Ti regrotted that ho could not'eompeto in appearanco with such an Apollo Bolvo : dorc as Dalgleish, but said that if tho patornal and ma 1 tornal Dangars could have contemplated that their ."boy's" frontispiece would havo boon displeasing to Dalgleish they would, if possible have had him made to. his (Dulgleish's) order j out os it was ho must put up with it, as he could assuro his hon friend and pitcher, that unlike many others of his equally lion friends and, pitchers ho did not carry imo faces under his hot.--;-'? " Tho rest is silence." 1 " 