GENERAL SUMMARY. . . ; Tho Australian October mails' were delivered in London on 14th and 18th December. ' The Queen left Windsor for Osborne on. Decem- ber 18th. The Prince and Princess .of,Wales are visitingthere. \\. ,,, :. ' The-SPrince of Wales - has been introduced into the Privy Council. \ \ ' Earl Kussel is electedVLora Rector of the Univer- sity of Aberdeen. . ; Sh William SomervillMjs raised to an Irish Peerage as Baron of Plumney. The scandle against Lord Palmerston has dwindled to a scarecrow, and high officials! crack jokes upon it. His ministerial colleagues propose to call himf Our own »Wespondent.".: . ? -¡ Scarlet fever is lamemMdy. prevalent among all classes in'England, and .VWery fatal among the poorer classes. \\\\\ The report of .the LancashueMteiief Committee! shows an increase of applicants to 21,697 : on 12th December. : . ..' "Several Government 'employés; at Sheerness dockyard ' were discharged for violating the neutrality ; laws of England by volunteering to equip the . Rappahannpcky. as war ship, for the Confederates. V V \ . . The violent gate?' wrrtork prevailed early in December caused an^mmeiise number bf disasters by sea and land throughout England and in many parts of the continent ' \ The Emperor Napoleon's \proposition for a European Congress Has been accepted by all the foreign States excëpÉ\England, but with certain reservations. -\v v ? , Dróüyh'de Lhuys" issuea\a despatch proposing a Congress of those Powers who have accepted the Emperor's invitation, -'.w. In Mexico, the army under- General Juarez are scattered and demoralised, offering no resistance to the French.' 'v V The Society of Arte aV^ndon haye offered a prize of £70 for the best lAtfh- rince for preserving meat in hot countries. T^fly\ame Society offers medals for impovements in bVeakhing , wool, for a good steam coal in. Australia, for the production and manufacture of orielton of cane sugar in Australia, also for flax, spices, coffee,'silk, Sc.; in 'Australia, In.the pedestrian racé afyHaekney-Wick, Lang, the present champion, was again victorious and won the belt, carrying with ifc'the prize of £50. A target equû in thickness to ? a section of the iron-plated\, warshjra Warrior has been destroyed by the ArmsttMig six-hundred-pounder. A sentinel on dutaat Windsor Castle has com mitted'suieidé, by snqóting"liimself. A lamentable accident occurred at Ly thara, when a Manchester gentleman and . his four sons , and a daughter were all drowned. -* Townley, ,the murderer, of . Miss., Goodwin, daughter of Captain Goodwin, in Cheshire, has been convicted ah,d sentenced ;tp'suffer, death. The trial excited .great interest, and since its termination ^ plea orvjnsanity has been ' raised in favour of the'culprit, and ^memorial to the Queen has been adopted, to supWííthé judges recommen- dation that a cpmmission\should inquire into the case. ' ' .' :.: V ' ^ '. ; ' ,: ; ;. - A great fire has ; occurred in Wood-street Cheapside. A large number of warehouses were, burned, and it is estimated that a hundred thousolid ; pounds worth of property has been'destjrbyed,s5 ' Sir. John Lawrence, who'has been appointed , Governor-General of V,lhdia, is succeeded, at 4he¡ India Board by SirGéorge,, CÍ,ark¿ . , i- . j Garibaldi's.son is gofigU'to, be married,-to ai .Gehoese,.a;daughte^^^^fficer;,.ofJithQb^j&^ Marsala. , At the mordfltSKthe preparàtions;-;wTOChr commenced the other day, for the ceremony to take; place, news from New. York reached him' saying, that a monument, by subscription, was about to bo .raised, in honour of his mother, Anita GaribaMa, who was a South American. ti?\' ; Members of tho Anglican Church in the eop¡V?H| have heard with satisfaction that Dr, Colenso, ipi' Bishop of Natal, was on the 18th December.;l^t^ deprived by his metropolitan Bishop' for haarig; promulgated opinions in contravention of the Catholic Faith, as defined and expressed in the .'.thirty-nine' Articles of religion, and the Formules ¡es of the, Book of Common Prayer;v Dr. Colenso .has been. deposed.from.the offlce^oftBishóp, and prohibited from the exercises of anyidiyino office within any part of the Mettopolticafc. province of .Cape Town. The news arrived here in tho John Cobbold oh 'tho 6thinstant. ..." \ \\\ .'' ,,K Justice Wightman'is\dead. Ho .will be succeeded ,on; the bench by Mr. Sergeant Shee. ; ; The appointment gives universal ^satisfaction. ,'. .,' It is .'rumoured, that.' ther 'Duke, of . Newcastle, owing to falling health, is about to resign Müs office BS. Secretary,of State for tho Colonies. . '.]' ; : l it. is'.also reported' that. Cardinal Wiseman is aboutto retire from'active'publio life, ' oh .nee'duht of ill health, and that ho will bo succeeded by Dr. Manning. . V " The peninsular andXpriental. Steam NaTigajion Company complain. :ofy the treatment they have received from this Pöst-officeV.äüthbrities, who vdioy say, did not submit theirWder for the'double'livid to Australia.to. the .colonial.authorities,..although the tender was made at tho request of the Post: master-General. , . ll Gold continues to be obtained from the wreck .of the ill-fated steamship Royal Charter. . | ' . -The punishmenrof the lash has hem frequently inflicted of late upon1*--tho soldiery garrisoned at Woolwich, ' V.'..."'.' '.: '1 M'?? In Lancashire trade has much improved, andgppd , hppes ore entertained oik speedy termination ff the lato'dis'tfcss, ' \\\ ' '. . - : . ?'" BISHOPRIC'op TASMANIA.-It is understood tbst the Bishopric of Tasmania, whiclf became vacant somo time since by the resignation of the Kev. Dr. F. Russell Nixon, has been offered to the Rev. Mr. Allwood, of Sydney. The Bishopric, which was founded in 1812, consists of Van Diemen's Land and Norfolk Island, comprising 27,000 square miles and a population of 80,000. It has about seventy clergy-. It is worth £1400 a year, viz., £1000 from colonial funds and £400 from the Colonial Bishopric Fund. At the Middlesex Sessions, Jane Henderson, a lady's-maid, who was in the service bf Lady Dom- ville, and charged with stealing jewellery worth £2000 at various times from the specimens brought by Mr. Hancock s shopman for her. mistress's in- spection, was convicted and sentenced to four years' penal servitude. Lady Domvüle'bèùig an invalid always in bed, it was of necessity that the prisoner was intrusted with the jewellery, brought by the shopman for her mistress to select .presents from, and in such quantities that he was hot able to keep strict account of it. ; An action, between "J. S.: Lindsay, M.P., end Leathley," which has been pending for several days, came to a close on December 22nd. -It related to the insurance of the ship Harbinger, whose captain abandoned her four years ago, in Algoa Bay, and .fl^ihderwriters resisted payment of the insurance tn the ground that the injury to the ship was not "jÂlised by the perils of the sea, and that even if it *i£re/ ' '!Ait was not so serious, as to justify the ?«bah>- voient of the vessel. /Thé jury found a verdict ,'ubstMtially for the unde-S ¿tors, but as leave was given to move for a verdict'-íór the owners; on the ground that a partial loss had been- incurred,'the underwriters agreed to waive altyfurther claims ;by paying the owner the sum of £4600, and each party to pay his own costs. ..'-'.'. / The Wilhelmsburg, ofjÍ20Q tons, Captain Kross, 'from Hamburg,.to Moreton 'Bay, with a general çargo and, 282 Germar».emigrants, .bf whom 261 were adults, thirteen chifdreí,. and five, infants, it was caught by the fearful storm of the 4th and 6th December, in the North? Sea, by which Bhe was wrecked on the Island of Terschelling, a little to the north of Texel, on the coast of Holland. Only twenty-five of all on board have escaped. ? . ; . , 1 A valuable and well-selected lot of grouse, pheasants, and wild-rabbits hos just been shipped from the Clyde for the colony of Southland, New. Zealand. An assortment of songsters of the wood has been sent by the same ship, including gold- finches, linnets, larks, thrushes, and starlings. . Colonel Crawley has been honorably acquitted by the Court Martial at Aldershott, of both the charges preferred against him. Colonel Crawley's expenses from the late court martial have been variously estimated at £3000 and £6000. Mr.'Vernon Harcourt's retainer was £500, and £60 each day he was employed. There is a rumour that a subscription has already been com- menced for the purpose of protecting him from loss, Lord Cardigan, it is said, has headed the list with £600. . There is no doubt, however, . that the news of Colonel Crawley's acquittal will be the signal for the immediate opening of à subscription, the contri- butors being of every class, sex, and rank, but chiefly military men., ; Mr. W.'F. Windham, late of Felbrigg-hall, has executed a deed conveying the whole of his property to trustees for the payment of his debts-m other jwords, Mr. Windham is a bankrupt j The wife of Mr. Kennedy, the banister, who has 'so often been before the public in connection with 'the'Swmfen estates, and all the trials arising out of them, fell down stairs of her own house a few nights ago, and shortly after expired. ; A jury in the Court of Exchequer on December 8th,jave a verdict of £100 to a plaintiff, who sued the London Provincial Turkish Bath Company, for damages for injuries sustained by him in their bath in Jcnnyn-strcet. In moving from one roora to another m the bath the plaintiff, Mr. Adams, fell down the steps, and his leg coming in contact with a heated flue he was burnt severely. It was con- tended for the plaintiff that proper care had not been used by the defendants in guarding against such an accident, and the jury talcing that view gave the verdict for £100 damages. An amusing action was tried before Mr. Justice Blackburn and a common jury, in which Mr. Hoff- man sued Mr. Wilton, the keeper of a music-hall, at the east end of London, for refusing to pay the salary stipulated for the production of a.ghost. The defendant's plea was that the plaintiff's ghost was 'i poor imitation of one; and that he did not superin- tend his work. The jury found for the plaintiff, but not to the whole amount claimed. DIVOHCB AND £6000 DAMAGES.-" HAMILTON V. HAMILTON AND REMINGTON."--This was a petition in the Divorce Court by Alexander Abercrombie Hamilton for dissolution of his marriage with Sophia Hannah Adelaide Hamilton, on the ground of adultery with John Wilson Remington; damages laid at £10,000. The respondent put in no answer. The co-respondent denied the adultery. Tho peti- tioner married the respondent (the daughter of Sir Ralph Abercrombie,) m 1864, in Scotland, he being then twenty-five and she twenty-three years of age. They then went to reside at the husband's house, Milbrooke-house, near Exeter. Remington resided at Rockhere-houBe, a few miles distant ; and he was . on intimate terms of friendship with tho petitioner and his wife In 1802 the co- respondent took apart- ments pt 8, Old Burlington-street, .while the peti- tioner and his wife were in London, and was there visited by the respondent in the daytime. In October, 1802, the husband returned to the country on account of his health. ' The wife remained in town, stating that she was going on a visit to her aunt, instead of which she went with the co-respon- dent to Cardiff, and next morning she sent to peti- tioners sister a letter for the petitioner, saying : " Tho days I have passed alone since you left this have made mo think more, and consider how much I nm wronging you in continuing to deceive you as I have done, for you can be little aware how much I have injured you ; and the only reparation I can make-greatly as it grieves me to wound you, and which reason has prevented my owning it sooner is to relieve you of one who is no longer worthy pf being your wife, and for whom, by the time you receive this, you can no longer entertain either affection or esteem. You must be aware that, loving my children ns I do, it can be no small struggle to own this and be parted from them ; but I can no longer continue with this on my mind, and feel that they ought to be under better guidance than mine. When time has worn down the edge of sorrow, you will, I trust, have a happier house than I have ever made you j and all I implore of you now is not to utterly curse one whom all tho world will omdemnjand who is in much distress of heart. Yours, S. A. H." Tho husband then inserted nn advertisement in the rimes, imploring her to return, as her two children were exceedingly ill. She returned on the 26th October, .1802, but left next morning with her brothers, and never came back. Evidence bf the above facts was given,, and John M'Andrews; a waiter nt tho Cardiff Arms, Cardiff,- proved that tlieiwife j»nd tho co-respondent occupied the same bed there from the 18th of Ootober, 1802, till the 20th, Evidence was given that the co-respondent's landed property produced, ,after deductions, £(?20\pe\: annum, and that, for the last three years hisVrklmico at. tho -London and Westminster''Baiik wpî\£8,000. Verdict for the, petiritmer, with £6000 damages. Decree nisi granted 