STRANGE SCENE IN A LONDON CHURCH. The following is from The Times, of September the 12th . Au announcement that ''Brother Ignatius young clergyman of the Church of England, whose efforts to establish a Benedictine Monastery in the East of England have met with some success, and whose proceedings at Claydon and Norwich have recently excited some attention, was to preach in the district parish church of St. Mary Magdalene, Chester-square, naturally drew an overwhelming congregation yesterday morning. St. Mark's is in the parish of St. Pancras, and the Rev. Edward Stuart, M.A., of New Inn Hall, Oxford, is the incumbent. When the bell which proclaims the morning service ceased yesterday the first part of a singular scene presented itself. About 20 surpliced choristers entered and took their place in the chancel. They were followed by two priests wearing green sashes, but no University hoods. Then came Mr. Stuart habited in the cope or full Eucharistic vest- ments, being different in every respect from the simple surplice, stole, and hood which are ordinary worn by a priest of the Church of England when engaged in the duties of his church. The " cope " is described in Roman Catholic publications as a " rich habit, covering the whole person, with a hood or cape, generally bears some rich embroidery, and joined in front by a clasp called a horse." Mr. Stuart's cope was in this way richly embroidered, and ornamentation at the back forming a splendid rich yellow embroidered cross, extending from his shoulders nearly to his heels. Prior to the entrance of the procession two huge candles, (between which was in large cross at the altar were lighted. In the first place Mr. Stuart incensed the altar. A young boy surpliced and kneeling on the steps of the altar presented what is called a " boat" made apparently of silver containing the incense ; then the thimble or censure which the incense was burnt, and in which it was turned. This thimble, which was provided with long chains, Mr. Stuart took from the " Thurifer," the attendant, and swung it in the air, the result of which operation was that in a very few moments the priests and others who were officiating at the altar became for a time enveloped in a dense white cloud. _ While these proceedings were going on the choristers chanted the " Te Deum" with much solemnity,. When the Gospel of the day was announced the church was again increased. It would be difficult to say whether the Gospel was read or intoned. During the recital of the Nicene creed most of the congregation knelt down at the words " and was incarnate by the Holy Ghost." At the close of the ante-communion service Mr. Stuart stood with his back to the cross on the altar, with his face to the congregation, and shipped himself of his ecclesiastic vestment leaving himself habited in his " all," a long white linen gar- ment reaching almost to the feet, but very different from the ordinary clerical surplice, and a girdle" round his waist representing the girdling of the priest's joins in the memory of our Lord's admonition to readiness. to worn also an embroidered green state crossed over his breast. In this dress he went into the pulpit, and said,-" Brother Ignatius tells me that he has got a sore throat, and cannot preach here to-day, I am sorry for it, because some have come here probably for the purpose of hearing him. It is not my fault. Before I gave you notice last Sunday morning that he would preach here to-day I received a distinct assurance from him that nothing should hinder him from coming here. Perhaps Brother Ignatius thinks a promise is nothing, and that is my opinion about his sore throat. When I asked him to preach here last summer, and engaged to give him what might be collected for his mission, about £150 being raised, he had no sore throat; but, as the offertory collection to-day was to be on behalf of the Church of St. Mary Magdalene poor brother Ignatius has got a sore throat. Now as some have no doubt come to hear Brother Ignatius, I will wait a minute or two to allow those who like to leave the church to go. Those who like to remain I shall be, of course, glad to see to listen to a common-place sermon." About three minutes elapsed, and, as no one seemed disposed to move, Mr. Stuart proceeded, taking for his text the 1st chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians, verses 22 and 23, " And gave him to be the head over all things to the Church." He said there were things in the world quite as important as Brother Ignatius, which existed before Brother Ignatius, and would exist after him, whether he had a sore throat or not. He was going to speak- that morning of one of those things, which was the Church of Christ, They were told in the Apostolic writings that there was Church on earth ; secondly, what that Church was and thirdly, who was the Head of that Church. It was important that people should be taught these things, because in these days people had very different ideas about the Church of Christ. Many people did not know what the Church was, and every clergyman knew that the question was frequently put to him What really is the Church P" of "How many Churches are there?" Is the Church that of England, Rome, France, Russia Constantinople, or any other country ? Some said that the Queen was the Head of the Church, others that the Pope of Rome was the Head. Some affirmed that Extra Ecclcsiam nulla solus, that there was no salvation beyond the pale of the Church which was quite true. It was, however, asked what was the nature of the Church, and whether any distinct and definite answer could be given to that question. He thought St. Paul answered the question when he said that the Church was the body of Christ. There was really only one Church on earth for there was only one body of Christ, and men were made members of that Church by baptism. The Holy Communion being the centre of the unity, the Church was Catholic, not simply national, for a national was simply part of a Catholic Church. It was not a Roman Catholic Church, for the " and" showed that the Church to which it was attached was only a portion of the Catholic Church. It certainly had been said that the members of that communion did not call themselves Roman Catho- lice, and that the term " Roman " was only applied to them by persons who were opposed to them in faith. The word " Roman" however occurred in the canons of the Church as settled by the Council of Trent, and to repudiate that word was a lie on their part. At the same time, he saw no use in employing the language of invective against the Roman Catholics, or in calling them idolators. It would be far better if every one, would exert himself to prevent the spread of Bohism,strife,and variance and to bring about the reunion of Christendom. Such a thing might not take place in our own day, but all should so strive through misrepresentations and difficulties that if Catholic unity could not be restored the blame did not rest with them. At the close of the sermon Mr. Stuart went back to the altar, where he resumed the Eucharistic vestments, and proceeded to the administration of the Holy Communion, the service being chorally rendered. The service throughout was admirably performed, the singing, which was joined for by the whole congregation, being extremely good, while the whole congregation were most reverent in their demeanor. u On this The Times remarks The pulpit defends the sermon from public criticism, and it is very rarely a clergyman's discourse is noticed in the manner that no other address to a large audience escapes. It is not that laymen are indifferent to purely theological controversies but they are unwilling to see these contests fought in the same lists and with the same weapons as political questions. A sermon enjoys a protection not extended to a speech in a debate. Still, the privilege of the clergyman has its limits, and if he offends in the minor matters of good taste and decorum the immunity accorded to the exposition of his doctrines is not extended to his language and manner. The style of a judge's charge may be censurable when it would be difficult to impeach his law, and a sermon may contain offences against propriety though in other respects i it would not challenge remark. Generally it must be admitted that clergymen keep on safe ground and do not mix up persons alities with their discourses. Charges against individuals and the imputations of unworthy motives to those with whom they have differed are exceptional departures from the ordinary track. But they have such an advantage of position over an opponent that temptn,« tion to use it must often occur, and not always resisted. A dispute with a reverend brother is a severe trial. The congregation is rebuked in safe and general terms, which may be applied or not by those concerned ; but when reproof is administered to an offender of the same profession it is impossible to misunderstand for whom the rebuke is intended. Had its subject the same opportunity of replying, the auditors would be compelled in self-defence, to insist on some restraining rules, and, possibly, on the appointment of a moderator to enforce them. Fortunately a sermon is always a monologue, or the congregation assembled in the church of St. Mary, Munster-square, on Sunday morning last, might have witnessed a scene not much tending to their edification. One of the band of brothers who have lately been imitating the monastic life or three centuries ago among the sorely puzzled rustics of Norfolk' had engaged to preach at St. Mary's. By contentions about ritual observances at Claydon, by walking the streets of Norwich in Sandals, by getting up pilgrimages to holy wells, and becoming generally a living anachronism, Brother Ignatius had obtained some degree of notoriety. For some purposes this easily acquired reputation is as useful as fame. He was announced to appear before a London audience exactly as "stars of another kind are engaged to perform. The announcement drew together a congregation described as " overwhelming" in number. What could excite the curiosity of such a multitude it is difficult to say. A poor imitation of the costume of a Benedictine monk was all the material part of the attraction. We should have serious misgivings as to the strength of the heads that cannot look into the abyss of the past without plunging into it so completely as to adopt some useless travestie of a form of life extinct in England centuries ago. What can such a man teach his contemporaries What living word of message has he to deliver that they can apply, even if they understood it? There should be some disclaim nation between the reasons for which the external indications of honour are manifested. When the Court of Borne was asked to place our Henry VI on the road to canonization the astute Pontiff rejected the petition, alleg- ing that "the Church must draw a line between saints and simpletons." A similar shrewd distinction might be advantageously made at the present day by certain sections of the laity, and some of the clergy also. A larger gathering of people could not have been brought together at St. Mary's on Sunday had the congregation really anticipated the presence of a saint. What they would have encountered bad Brother Ignatius kept his engagement we would rather guess than define. But he did not appear, and the whole affair took an unlucky turn to the ridiculous. The incumbent of St Mary's was placed in a position of a manager obliged to apologise to the public for the absence of the principal performer. It was done in anger, and bad temper betrayed him into language tending to lower considerably both himself and the idol of the day in the opinion of file audience. Brother Ignatius could not have fared much worse had his reputation been bundled by the Orangemen of Belfast. His excuse for not fulfilling his promise to preach was an alleged " sore throat." His damaging apologist said he " was sorry" for his friend's sudden ailment, as so many had attended to hear him. But he had received a distinct assurance from Brother Ignatius that " nothing should hinder him from coming." Then the dark touches of character deepen as the apology continues. " Perhaps he thinks a promise is nothing and that is my opinion about his sore throat. "These are strong imputations, not made in the spirit of the charity that thinketh no evil, and they were followed up by a still stronger allegation of the motives on which Brother Ignatius had acted. " When," says the enraged incumbent, " I asked him to preach here last summer, and engaged to give him what might be collected for his mission, about £150 being raised, he had no sore - throat. But as the offertory collection to-day was to be on behalf of the church of St. Mary poor Brother Ignatius has got a sore throat!" The inference the rev. gentleman intended the congregation to draw is obvious. We have no admiration of the " poor Brother's" proceedings, nor any sympathy with his peculiar views, but he certainly received hard measure at the hands of the London incumbent. The passage in which so many accusations are involved was the exordium of a sermon against the promotion of " strife and variance." We cannot attempt to decide how far the imputations may be justified by facts; but even had they been well-founded they are out of place in an address from the pulpit. Would it not have been better to say nothing of the "poor Brother's" sore throat, or at least to repress the allusion to the cause of the indisposition. Imputations of avarice, falsehood, and wilful breach of promise against a "Brother" are a bad example to a congregation, who see their spiritual guide in a most worldly humor. We have no words strong enough to condemn the _ occasional denuncia- tions from the altars Ireland. Personal denunciations from the pulpit should be equally discouraged. In the present case the ludicrous side of the affair somewhat neutralizes the effect of the angry expressions;, but many repetitions of such a scene as that presented to the congregation of St. Mary's would be intolerable 