SHAKSPEARE TERCENTENARY COM MEMORATION. To the gentlemen belonging to the Clayton Young Men's Society attaches the honour of having inaugurated the scries of entertainments, whicli ii'was suggested by the originators of the Shakspeare Tercentenary Commemoration move ment in South Australia should be held through out the colony with the twofold object of bringing prominently before the .minds of the public the event, which happening, as it is believed, on the 23rd of April, 1561. has become so interesting an epoch in the annals of iingland's history, and to augment the funds requited for the erection of some suitable testimonial to Shakspeare's illus trious name in celebration of the 30'Jth anniversary of his birthday. The entertainment, giveu under the auspices of the above-named Association, took place in the Town Hal], .Norwood, on Tuesday evening; April IS; and to evince their approval of the object contemplated, and enjoy an evening's pleasant recreation, some 159 or 20) ladies and gentlemen assembled on that occasion. At inter vals along the walls of the building chaplets of flowers and bouquets were suspended, which mate rially enhanced the effect. The platform had been somewhat enlarged. On it were placed a har monium and pianoforte, and over it a. bust of Shakspeare. Shortly after haltpast 7 o'clock; Mr. -N", Blyth, ALP., took the chair, and briefly stated the object of the gathering. The programme for the evening was; he confessed, somewhat ambitious; hut he doubted cot tliat it would he successfully carried out, It was not necessary for him to say much. The proceeds of the entertain ment would be devoted to the general fund formed in connection with the commemoratiou of Shak* speare's tercentenary, the idea of which originated with Mr. J. H. Clark—a gentleman of high literary and scientific attainments. With the money col lected they would he able to procure some me mento of Shakspeare—a bust or something of that kind—which might be placed in the Institute, or perhaps sufficient would be raised to enable the Committee to arrange for greeting a statue to his memGry. <Apnlause.) > Mr. James Shakspeare, on whom devolved the musical arrangements for the occasion, then came forward and performed in line style an overture on the harmonium. After which Air. Straw-bridge with considerable effect spoke the following prologue:— '•'Years, ages, centuries, hath time presented His fragrant urn with Shakspeare's memory dear. Its cold reception with a frown resented, And turned away to hide the rising tear. But ah auspicious star in the ascendant. The tercentenary bads its bright attendant, And tows to pay at one great votive shrine All England's homage to the bard divine. And we Iter children in tips southern sphere Claim Shakspeare too our own, as honor'd and as dear. Not from the ancient poets did he borrow: He knew no language, save his mothertoDgue; Yet when through all the realm of joy or sorrow Were heard such woudrous strains as he hath sung? Whether he wept for Desdemona slain. Or maddened Lear, qr Hamlet, Eoyal Dane; Sbylock defeated by fair Portia's stqli, Or tamed the Shrew against her stubborn will, i Or 'midst the oaks of Windsor wove a spell, The magic circle, where the fairies dwell: Monarch of Song! he took the Poet's throne. Where still his genius reigns triumphant and alone, j We meet to-night, notwithoutfearsandquailings, And crave indulgence for our numerous fadings; j Yet not on Sliakspeare shall the odium lie, 1 But on ourselves for our audacity. - May no mistake of the great blaster's meaning, Defective utterance, or affected seeming, Deface his beauty or obscure his sense, Losing his value in our own pretence: But this resolve be innate of each breast; Better we caunot do—each one to do his best.'' A duet by Mrs. Walkley and Mr. Sketlieway -was next sung, and was well received. It was followed by ascenefrom " BicliardIIL," commonly termed " Clarence's dream." The actors were Sir. W. P. Auld (Clarence) and W. H. Phillipps (Brakenbui-y). The former, who was a member of Stuart's party when the crossing of the continent was accom plished, and who is to form one of the expedition about to leave our shores for Northern Australia, was on mounting the rostrum loudly cheered. The piece was well delivered, and much applauded. The well-known glee, "When shall we three meet again," having been well sung by Mrs. Walkley, Mr. Betty, and Master Pickering—a young gentleman who gives promise of being an efficient vocalist—Mr. E. Sabine and Master Harcus played the parts of Huliert de Burgh and Prince Arthur—a scene from "King John"—in a manner which drew down the plaudits of the i audience. "Where the bee sucks"—a selection ! from tlie "Tempest"'—having been nicely rendered by Mrs. Walkley. The Bev. W. Haecus, who was received with applause, commenced his paper, and in doing so stated that it was only a few days pre viously that he consented to occupy the position of lecturer on the occasion, and then be simply agreed to sacrifice himself because no other victim offered. No one else being forthcoming, he, in an evil day for his com fort, complied with the wish of the Society; and since then his peace had been disturbed almost incessantly, and his mind haunted, not with Shakspeare's ghost, but with the ghost of that audience. He had felt like a man having a bill which he had accepted falling due on the 19th, without funds to meet it; but at last, in a sort of desperate fit, he sat down and tried to make the best of his unfortunate position. With all his folly he did. however, show some slight glimmerings of sense by bargaining that bis essay shouldnot occupy more than 20 minutes, and that it should not bear the pretentious title of lecture, hut that of a short paper on Sliakspeare. He had no intention, he said, of attempting to collect the scattered facts, which were all that remained on which to found a life of England's greatest dramatic bard. They all knew that he was born 300 years ago, in Stratford on-Avon; that he married, had children, was the 5oint proprietor of a theatre in London, and that he wrote a series of the finest dramatic works ever conceived by the genius of man; that he grew rich and then died, leaving behind him the most precious legacy ever bequeathed by one man to his generation and all future ages. Nor was it neces sary for liim to justify the efforts for the celebra tion of the tercentenary of his birth. They who by deep communings with his soul through the medium of his immortal productions had learnt to love the man felt that .no honours were too high to be accorded to his name, and that any modest attempt to interweave a few humble flowers with the imperishable garland which had so long decked his brow required no apology. No writer in the English language had been so carefully read, so diligently studied, or so warmly loved as Sliakspeare. His lofty thoughts, and even his very expressions, had interwoven themselves into the whole fabric of the language. His sayings had, to quote himself, " become familiar in our mouths as household words." In the current of literature of the day, at the bar, in the senate, in tlie pulpit, in private conversation, they were continually meeting quotations from his works. His dramas were a very mine of wealth to newspaper reporters and to journalists. The apt quotation had often redeemed what would otherwise have been dull writing Some writer had stated that there was not a circumstance in human life, not a character which ever appeared on the theatre of this world, however grotesque and singular, that might not be pertinently illustrated by an extract from Shakspeare. There were pas sages in his writings which even schoolboys learned by heart, and which were never forgotten by them. The grand secret of his intense hold on the minds of men were, he remarked, worth investigating. The lecturer having read a portion of Dr. John son's celebrated preface to Shakspeare, proceeded to allude to the bard's fidelity to nature—one of the most striking characteristics of his imperial mind being his Intense "human sympathy. He brought poetry down to the level or humanity without degrading it. His genius dealt with the ordinary business of life, and there he was most at home. His characters were not modified by the customs of particular places unpractised by the rest of the world, or by the peculiarities of studies or professions, or by the accident of tran sient fashion or temporary caprices. They were the genuine reflex in and embodiment of common humanity. The breadth and variety of his genius had often been noticed. He appealed almost equally at home in describing every phase of character and every development of human passions and life. His tragedies were grand, over powering, and sublime in stirring the emotions of anger, terror, and sorrow. His comedies were inimitable in their wit and humour; and, if they might be permitted to say so, his genius appeared to be more at home in comedy than in tragedy, and this, notwithstanding he had written the grandest tragedies ever submitted to the public judgment. In the whole range of tragico-dramatio literature there was nothing to compare with his Macbeth, Lear, Hamlet, or Othello: but he seemed to be more at home in describing a character like Falstaff, with his gross sensualism, unblushing impudence, and thorough mendacity. Thoughhe had made Sir John utterly contemptible, he was at the same time intensely amusing. Between tragedy and comedy he alternated in all his works. The tragedy was generally relieved by comic scenes, and the comedy was softened and Eubdued by touches of sorrowful or pathetic feel ing. Smiles struggled through his tears, and tears through his smiles; and therein, although charged with having violated the dramatic laws of unity, he was true to nature. His knowledge of the workings of the human heart amounted almost to intuition. Every passion that struggled there he could detect and read, and drag to light—ambition, lust, pride, avarice, revenge, jealousy, and all the darker passions. And so with the softer emotions maidenly love, maternal affection, filial reverence, hope, joy, and rapture, were all described as no other poet had described tfiem. There was nothing he knew of in literature which showed such ah acquaintance with the inner workings of the soul of man to compare with the gradual growth of jealousy in Othello;" and what womanly tenderness, what trusting confidence, what despairing battling with a destiny which at last overwhelmed her, were seen in Desdemona up to the moment when she begged in vain for time to say one grayer, and then died foully murdered. Having cited an ex tract from De Quincey's admirable article on Shakspeare, in the " Encyclopaedia Britannica," in which the writer referred tenderly and lovingly to the noble woman who owed her creation to the poet's genius, the lecturer eloquently referred to the various qualities skilfully brought out in Shakspeare's female characters, and passed on to comment on the frequency with which the senti ments and similes of the bard were quoted, some times unconsciously. On the latter subject he read an extract from the preface to Mrs. C. Clark's valuable "Concordance," in which it was shown what a multitude of well-known passages occurred suitable for the botamst, astronomer; philosopher, lover, lawyer, musician, painter, novelist, orator, soldier, and humanist. Mr. Harcus also enumerated a long list of choice quotations taken fromOtheilo's speech, Marc Anthony's, address over the dead body of Cesar, and Hamlet's soliloquies. To Shakspeare belonged the distinction of introducing the supernatural on the stage, and yet he had done it with such dignity and naturalness as to heighten the interest of .his story, while at the same time it cast a weird influence around it. The lecturer spoke on this topic at some length, and . quoted from "Bichard UL," to whose mind and con science the "airy nothings", represented facts. All allusion to the imyviirifcifis whirth ro aaiifv Shakspeare's works followed; after which the lacturer remarked it was generally admitted that play which seemed to be prophetic of the fact that now his occupation was gone. When Prospero's work was ended, and just before he broke his staff and buried it " injthe earth," and buriedhis book " deeper than did ever plummet sound," the in struments of his incantations and magic arts now gone, he spoke these sublime words— Our revels now are ended. These our actors, As I foretold you, were all sprites,-and . Are melted into air—into tnlnair; And, like the baseless fabric of a vision, - The cloud-capped towers,,the gorgeous palaces, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, : Yea, all whom it inherit, shall dissolve,. And like this insubstantial pageant faded, Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuff As dreams are made of, and our little life Is rounded with a sleep." Even so, but that little life Shakspeare has left Its traces on the pages of . time,' which the world will chgrishas long as time endures". <Applause.) Mr. J. Shakspeare nest gave a grand fantasia on the.piano, which was heartily encored. Then followed a recitation, which is fully entitled to be termed one of the gems of the evening. The sub ject was Scene 1, Act IV., of the " Merchant of -Venice." The position of Duke was filled with grace and dignity by Mr. E. Sabine. The part of Shylock was admirably taken by Mr. Coombs, that of the Merchant Antonio by Mr. Hallett, and that of Bassanio by Mr. Phillipps. Mr. W. P. Auld created much interest and some merriment by his apt representation of Gratiano's part; while Mr. Ash win ably performed Portia's part. The song, •"Tis the moonlight sleeping" was then given by Mr. Sketheway ; after which Mr. E. T. Smith rendered in a very effective manner BrutusV speech, in the third act of the tragedy of "Julius Cesar." The next piece was a song and chorus, "Moss-crown dell," which was very creditably rendered. The last recitation was Marc Antony's speech over the dead body of Cnsar, which was given in a very superior manner . by Mr. J. Coulls, the audience rewarding his suc cessful effort by very hearty plaudits. The glep, ''Peace to the souls of -the great," was next sung by the three gentlemen amateurs, who on retiring were succeeded by Mr. Sabine, who spoke the epilogue, which was written in a racy style, and was given with much skill. Mr. Doolette proposed in very appropriate and complimentary terms a vote of tlianks to the Chairman, to their esteemed President and lecturer (Mr. Harcus), to the talented pianist, and to the ladies and gentlemen who had provided the musical and dramatic parts of the interestingentertainment. Mr. T. B. Bbuce seconded, expressing the pleasure lie had experienced in being present and referring to the excellent object contemplated by toe Society. It was to raise funds for erecting a memorial to a man who was above all praise. He believed that the memorial whatever shape it ; might assume, would be worthy of the colony; and as they all knew, it was to be placed in the colony. (Sear, hear.) The whole entertainment had been carried out well and it added to the interest that they had liad, as one of the performers, a member of the daving and heroic band who first placed the British Hag on the northern shore after crossing the continent, and one who was about to go to settle in that country. He looked upon it as a good omen for the new territory that among the last pets of one of the members of the expedition pro ceeding thither was taking part in an entertain ment of that kind; and he trusted Mr. Auld would carry with him his love for Shakspearp, and that the name of the illustrious bard would in future time be honoured in that region, at present un peopled by a civilized community. (Applause.) The vote of thanks having been accorded by acclamation, the National Anthem wa? sung, and the meeting Ijrpke up. 