CARDINAL WISEMAN ON CHRISTMAS DAY. A very large congregation assembled at the Boman Catholic Church, Moorfields, on Christ inas morning, as Cardinal Wiseman had been an nounced to preach. , ^ His Eminence, who appeared to be in feeble healthy and was accommodated with a seat during the delivery of his sermon, spoke from the steps in front of the altar. In the course of bis remarks he said—' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. ?? liloria in excelsis Deo, Glory be to God in the Highest.' The festival of the day, my dear brethren, may be considered a fountain of joy from which these glad words have issued and diffused themselves over all the services of the Church from its foundation, and they will continue to be the expression of her joy to the end of time. ' Gloria in excelsis Deo.' When, in attending the services of the Church, you miss those words immediately after humble confession has been made of sin, you may depend upon it that it is some sorrowful, some peniten tial office which is being performed at the altars. Never otherwise does she fail to intone words so as to be understood by all the faithful. ? Gloria in excelsis Deo'— it is the beginning of what is called the Angelic Hymn, and may be considered as hp.ino- neculiarlv characteristic of the festival. * Glory be to God in the highest.' What is glory U God? What does it signify?? We shall, perhaps, best understand it in connexion with this day's festival, if we look back at the different ways in which during previous periods, this ex pression has been used. In two different ways, particularly, have these words been applied to -jod ; the first in which the inspired prophet begins one of his most beautiful psalms or hymns. We may say that the first, the most striking, and most beautiful application of those words is to foe found in this — ' The heavens announce the glory of God, and the firmament tbe works of his hands.' Glory was given to God by the creation of that which in mystical and poetical language seems to speak. It has spoken for ever, and speaks to this day, of God's glory. 1?be heavens announce bis glory. Their production, their creation and beautiful relation to earth, all seem to speak. of glory to God. .Not merely of His goodness, and power, and wisdom, but these are so combined that it may be said they glorify. We see whatever may be imagined of grandeur magnificence, sublimity. Divinity must have been united in Him who could so create those heavens and so preserve them* Therefore, tbe glory of God is made known by these great acts of creation, and was the first way in which His glory is manifested. The glory anteceded the creation of those who could in any way appreciate ? the magnificent works that had been performed God was alone when He created the heavens and the earth ; the creation included the creation of angels. Glory is not rendering thanks to God, ringing His praises, admiring his grandeur — ? That may form the glory of the great and good on earth. God was glorious and magnificent, was infinite, in fact, before tbe existence of those who have tongues that could utter His praises, before there was intelligence that could bow down before v His attributes. Glory is given to God by God alone. It is shut up within Himself. It is like the light of the sun, as it were. While he is undergoing .an eclipse or during the night be is unseen, but in the morniny his rays burst forth, for the light is within himself. Let us look at the second way in which glory it given to God, A momentary darkness and doubt came over His «hosen people when, Moses having brought them forth from out of bondage, they sav the army of iPharaob, the King, hastening after them. When they saw him in pursuit they exclaimed — ' Be cause there were no graves in Egypt hast thou taken us away to die in the wilderness ; where fore hast thon 'dealt thus with us tc carry us forth out of Egypt ?' And Moses said into the people, ?The Egyptians whom ye have ieen to-day, ye shall see them again no more f«r ever.' And shortly after Israel passed through the open sea, they saw it close over tbeir foe, destroying them in a moment. The pursuing arny of Pharoah was lost ; then Moses took up tto words of the Canticle, * Sing to tbe Lord, because he has been glorified.' And Miriam took het timbrel, and struck forth sweet chords, * Sing ye to the Lord, for be has triumphed gloriously.' The first glory was that of creation; this is. . the glory of redemption. His people was rescued from the thraldom and slavery of the Egyptians. In this the glory »f God was mani fested in his might. On the occasion which we are now celebrating tbe heaveis announced and proclaimed through its stars toe Glory of God. When God redeemed bis peoile from the army of Pharaoh, tbe people sang (be praises because he .had overthrown the horse and his rider. But when Christ was born tha song which was sung was peace to man and goodwill on earth. This showed forth the most amiable, the most loveable of all the attributes and charac teristics of God. Let us never forget these words—, Glory be to God on high,' and * Peace to men and goodwill.' We give thanks to the God for what ? For his having created us, re deemed us, watched over us. We thank God for his own great glory, we thank him for having manifested that glory, we thank him with all our hearts that he has made us conscious of that glory, that he has made us know it snd feel it, and therefore on this day, in particular, we thank Him with all our hearts and souls — not for any thing we have ourselves gained but for his own great glory. We are grateful to Him that He makes us. know and comprehend his excessive glory. I have been asked to recommend to you a real and solid charity— the Night Refuge. Poor people, who have no home, no shelter over them, are admitted night by night to receive the benefits of this charity. Tbe stable was a night refuge of our dear Lord and Savieur, Jesus, the infant who found no home in Bethlehem. Mary and Joseph found a poor night refuge for him in a stable ; and it is precisely what is here. It is a stable that has been turned to the use of the poor. It has been preparad by your pastors, and there the poor are received night after night. Within tbe last two years 30,000 poor people have been lodged, and have been supplied with supper and breakfast. Every week 500 persons receive the benefits of this refuge, which is all we can give.' Cardinal Wiseman concluded by asking the con gregatiou to encourage their pastors by contri buting to the support of this charity. 