MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. Couet-M artiai. Proceedings.—The good-natured-looking officer at the little table uchind tlie right elbow of the President has a list of written questions which the prisoner is putting to tiie witness. They cannot be ffiit directly by the prisoner. They must go the official round. A. question is slowly and officially read. The witness begins to reply, and tells something ahout what is called the cliick. He has named chick, and there he must stop till the official questioner has de liberately copied down his answer as far as the word chick, then it is indicated to him that be may go on, and he proceeds, "which completely ftltilnml-s fcllA p.*' Vit* is rliApl'Aii • nnd obstructs the There he is checked; and during a pause of five minutes the good-liumoured military official carefully writes all down. When it is all recorded in the best official caligrapliy, the witness is suffered to go on, and he completes his answer by adding the word " vision."' Presently it occurs to the prisoner's lawyers to offer some sort of impediment to some part of the enquiry. They never speak audibly, but they are always making themselves heard. The prisoner rises with a bit of paper in his hand, and slowly and hogglingly reads from it what has been written down for him to say, and what is delivered thus reads to the public in the newspaper report like shrewd spontaneous suggestions. Each ob jection is followed by a pause—sometimes a long pause. The Court seems again and again to have been hit in the wind and to have collapsed till it gets breath again. But this is only apparent; the Court-Martial is only twiddling its official thumbs while the prosecution produces in neat small text its answer to or comment upon the objection raised. This is then read aloud, and causes a fresh stop page. and so the weary business drags its slow length along, looking like the dullest conceivable rehearsal of a law scene by military amateurs who have bad parts and detest them, and cannot get through the lines of them without breaking down, in spite of the prompter.—All the Year Round. A Legal Pill.—The late Mr. Peter Burrows, an eminent Irish barrister, was on one occasion, while defending a prisoner, oppressed with a cough, which he sought to soften by the occasional use of lozenges. The client whom he was defending was indicted for murder, and it was deemed important, in his defence, to pro duce the bullet with which it was alleged the eel was done. This lie was about to do, and held tlie bullet in one hand aud a lozenge in the other, when, in the ardour of advocacy, he forgot which was which, and, instead of the lozenge, swallowed he bullet. The Land Leeches of Ceylon.—Sir J. Emerson Tennent, in his account of Ceylon, recently published, states that of all animals and nsects, venomous and otherwise, that infest that beautiful island, none are comparable as plagues with a species, of leeches. "The Ceylon land eecli is a thin, spare creature, ahout two inches ong, and so nimble and flexible as to be able to nsinuate itself up the legs and beneath the lothing as high as the. throat. They do not crawl n the manner of our nnocent medical leech, hut plant themselves on ue end, like a nail sticking out of the ground, and in that attitude watch for their prey. When disposed to move, tliey arch their body so as to bring the upper extremity to the earth, and advance on the two points by semicircular strides. Walking with amazing rapi dity, they attack man ana horse with equal audacity. Laying first hold of the foot, they ascend the dress in search of an aperture to reach tlie skin. In travelling through the jungle, hosts of them may be seen on the roadsides, waiting erect for their victims, and lurking in the grass. They make cattle their especial prey. It happens (says cur auth r) that those persons in the rear of a party of travellers invariably fare worse, as the leeches, warned of their approach, congregate with singular celerity. Their size is so insignificant, and the wound they make is so skilfully punctured, j that both are generally imperceptible, and the first | intimation of their onslaught is the trickling of the blood, or a chill feeling of the leech when it begins to hang heavily on the skin from being distended by its repast. Horses are driven wiid by them, and stamp the ground in fury to shake them from their fetlocks, to which they hang in bloody tassels. The bare legs of the palanquin bearers and coolies are a favourite*resort. Their hands being too much engaged to be spared to pa11 them offi the leeches hang like bunches of grapes round their ancles; and I nave seen the blood:literally flowing over the edge of a European's shoe from their innumerable bites. In healthy constitutions, tlie wounds, if not irritated, generally heal, occa sioning no other inconvenience than a slight inflammation and itching; but in those with a bad state of body, the punctures, if rubbed, are liable to degenerate into ulcers, which may lead to the loss of the limb or life." The coffee-planters, we are told, wear "leech-gaiters," to protect them selves, as far as possible, from these cunning and bloodily-disposed reptiles.—Sir J. Emerson Ten nenCs Ceylon. Evidence "Before Committee."—It is much harder to obtain information than some people may think; most persons don't know any thing, and those who do don't say what they know. Here is a real episode from the history of an enquiry which took place four or five years ago into the desirability of making a new line of rad way on the Border. A witness was giving what is called "traffic evidence," in justification of the alleged need of a railway, and this is what oc curred :—Mr«Brown {the cross-examining counsel for the opponents of the new line)—Do you mean to tell the Committee that you ever saw an inha bited house in that valley? Witness—Yes, I do. —Mr. Brown—Did you ever see a vehicle there in all your life? Witness—Yes, I did. Mr. Brown Very good. Some other questions were Dut, winch led to nothing particular; but just as the witness —a Scotchman—was leaving the box, the learned gentleman put one more question. I am in structed to ask you if the vehicle you saw was not the hearse of the last inhabitant?—It was.—Corn kill Maaazine. Dinner isr a Coal Mine near Dud let. —And now all were seated quietly at dinner; and one of the men, whose turn it was, took the Bible, and with great reverence read a chapter or two from Isaiah; all the -others listening attentively while eating, and even the youngest boys appear ing serious and devout. Is ot a word was uttered •durum this period; and at the conclusion we rose, and a few verses of a hymn were sung; after which a short but profoundly impressive prayer was ottered, eyeiy knee being reverently bent to worship mm whose eyes behold even these dark places of the earth. There, was no fanaticism, far less any attempt at effect, in that prayer. It was short and simple, alluding to the hourly danger in which they lived—the uncertainty of the hour of death—the necessity of being at all times pre pared for it; then some earnest prayer for their wives and families, and finally the stranger who was that day among them was not forgotten. Such were the appropriate subjects of supplication on the hps and m the hearts of men whose lives are daily at hazard; and though I have been present at many solemn scenes, in our gorgeous places of worship, as well as on the trackless ocean, the deep solemn Amen uttered by every lip at the con clusion of the prayer seemed to me more earnest than any that had ever met my ear before.—Our Own Fireside Disadvantages of being Agreeable. —I was once what is called an agreeable man, and the consequences of enjoying such a reputation were as follows;—I was asked to be a godfather 48 times, and my name is recorded on as many silver mugs, value each £4 10s. 6A. I gave away oS bndes, and as many dressing cases. I paid in the course of 14 years £373 2s. (id. for cab fines m excess of what I ought to have done. I lent 264 umbrellas, and never received them back again. I liave had 300 and odd colds, and retain a per manent rheumatism, from consenting to sit in draughts to oblige other people. I have accepted 204 accommodation bills for friends in Govern-. ment offices, and I am now going to Basinghall -street to declare myself an insolvent preparatory to my departure for Australia. The Climate ' of Calcutta : its Effects on the Brain.—After his first vear in Calcutta an Englishman can no longer sleep as he once slept or eat as he once ate, and it is lucky if he drinks no more than he once drank. If you ask him to run he would laugh in your face. I sometimes think that our uniform success in Indian warfare may be partially due to the fact that our countrymen, by. long disuse, lose the power of running, away. Above alt the mental faculties deteriorate surely and rapidly in this hateful climate.- The mind, like the body, be comes languid, flabby, and nerveless. Men live upon the capital of their energy and intellect, backed by occasional remittances from home or r0? i ™s' Phils' this sudarium continues j to be the seat of government the public interests do ] not suiter only under the head of sick allowances. | and pensions; the work done here -by the servants of the Crown is far inferior in quality and quantity to what it would be in a more congenial air. This may be clearly" seen in the case of literary cam position, which I take to be tbe most thorough' strain oh the mind—a sort of moral gymnastics, the greatest-exercise for the greatest nnmber of intellectual powers: • . . . -Three consecutive hours of original composition on a summer day in Calcutta is a. sufficient task for the strongest brain. . Woe to him who ventures to court the muse in the first watch of the night, the hour when she lends the kindest ear to her votaries. When he tears himself horn the pleasing labour, it is with nerves in.high excitement' und: a sensa tion in his head 'as if all the vessels and cellules in which thought lies were in a state of rabid red inflammation.. A sleepless .couch is the certain penalty for his presumption; and sleep is even , more a necessary of life here than in England.— Macmillan's Magazine. Sib Bobert Brisco and his Hat. In addressing an audience on Friday evening, as . President at the soiree of the Egremont Mechanics1 Institution, Sir Eobert Brisco thus took off his hat to the company.—"His was a good silk hat they would say, and yet he could tell them there was not a particle of silk in it. - It was made from a common weed which grew in India like a rush. It was.a beautiful silk hat, and he had worn it two years—(laughter)—and yet it had only cost him 6s. fid. • at first. -. (Laughter) He did not think therewas any disgrace iu wearing a six-and-six- - penny liat—especially as he found that it woiild stand the sea-damp, and keep colour better than a silk hat at three times the money. And what was this material from which liis ' silk' hat was made? Why, it was a low." common substance that nail bags use to be made of, but which had now become. so. essential to" trade, that they would find the price for it quoted "in all the trade circulars —it was jute. He-had been asked if he was not ashamed to wear such a hat. On the contrary, he ,wks proud to wear it—prouder than if - it had been jnade from the fur of some poor beaver murdered in North America—because it was almost purely j 'the result of labour. (Hear.) He had rather dressed himself up for the night. (Loud laughter,) - ■Not a laundry maid in the county could turn out a whiter collar than he had on; and yet, bless you! it was nothing but a bit of paper—(laughter)—and : only cost him at the rate of 8d. per dozen." Sir •Robert spoke at considerable length of the testing to which he had put paper collars, the recital at times almost convulsing his audience with laughter. All these blessings of cheapness and excellence were the fruits of thought and labour hv the industrial Classes. There was no breach of "respectability," he argued, in availing themselves of these, for by wearing them' they "only gave to labour and invention the reward to which they were entitled. The Bev. Mr. Tugwell, who fol lowed, enquired.of Sir Bobert who his hatter was, but the report does not say whether the worthy Baronet condescended to disclose the secret or not. —Carlisle Patriot. ' . " Call that a kindinanj". said an actor, cpg-flringnf an absent acquaintance. "A man who Is away from his family, and never sends them-a farthing! Call,that kindness?"—"Yes," replied JerroU. " unremitting kindness." 1 . • :j The lady who fell back on her dignity. came near breaking it; and the man who couldn't stand it any longer lias taken a seat, and is now | quite comfortable. Serpent-Worship.—Everywhere, back wards or forwards, through all past and in all pre sent idolatries, the serpent or dragon meets us as the one all- essential element of worship or fear, which is worship in darkness. The dragon, or winged serpent, was the standard borne by the Assyrians, the Parcliians, the Scythians, the ftovrtiic Mir» Philips* ami fclip Danps* wlitoh la+t-a* Saxons, the Chinese, and the Danes f which'latter people held the story of a great snake that en circled the world, whom the god Thor strove to destroy with a hook baited with a bull's head. Menelaus and Agamemnon, among tlie Greeks, adopted the snake as the device for their shields; and upon the tomb of Epaminondas a serpent was offered, to show that he was a Spartan by descent. We see the same idea of serpent worship in the Seva, Ganesa, and Vishnu of India, and in the blood besprinkled snakes, reminding us of Medusa's head, that the horrid Doorga brandishes in her thousand hands. In the dark eaves of Salsetto and of Elephanta, where mysteries not to be named were once celebrated, all the colossal deities grasp huge stony snakes in their hands, or are enfolded by them. The old temples of the Druids, Abury and Stonehenge, were embodiments of the serpent form; and ion thejplains of Wiltshire still remain traces of ophiolatry, and the Druids themselves always wore snakestone amulets. Plutarch tells us that the worship of the serpent was practised by the Edouiau women in Thrace, who carried it to a degree of madness. Olympias, he says, copied them closely, " for she used to be followed with many attendants, who had each a thyrsus, with serpents entwined around it. They had'also snakes in their hair and in the chaplets which they wore, and their cries were a continued repetition of the word, Evoe, Saboe, Flues Attes." Going to the darkest land in the world (Western- Africa), where exist races that are an enigma as yet unsolved, we find the same strange worship tenaciously persisted in, generation after generation.—St. James's Magazine. Strong Recommendation.—A manu facturer and vendor of quack medicines recently wrote to a friend for a strong recommendation of his (the manufacturer's) " balsam.'' In a few days he received the following, wliicn we call pretty strong'" Dear Sir—The land composing this farm has hitherto been so poor that a Scotchman could not get a living off it, and so stony that we had to slice out potatoes and plant them edgewise; but, hearing of your balsam, I put some on the corner of a 10-acre field, surrounded by a rail fence, and in the morning I found that the rocks had entirely disappeared, a neat stone wall encircled the field, and the rails were split into firewood, and piled sym metrically in my back-yard. I put half an ounce in the middle of a huckleberry swamp, and in two days it was cleared off, planted with com and pumpkins, and a row of peach trees in full blossom through the middle. As an evidence of its tre mendous strength, I would say it drew a striking likeness of my eldest son out of the mill-pond, drew a blister all over his stomach, drew a load of potatoes four miles to market, aud eventually drew a prize of $90 in the lottery." A Canadian Iceboat.—A special class of craft are those iceboats, peculiar to Upper Canada, and their navigation requires an amount of skill and courage not every day to be found combined. They are barges or pinnaces, cutter rigged for the most part, and built of the toughest timber the colony produces. Below the keel is a raised runner of polished iron, sharp as a skate at the edges, and designed, not to plough the waters, but to skim across the ice of the great lakes. These craft are propelled by sails and steered by helm exactly like sea-going vessels; it is hardly neces sary to add that, with a favouring breeze, they can attain a speed never equalled by a ship that Has to cleave through water, and not much inferior to that of an express train. But they have the draw back of danger. So many accidents have occurred from the breaking in of the ice, from sudden squalls, collisions, and so forth, that these winter yachts have never attained the popularity of the safe and convenient sleigh.—AK the Year Round. The Right Man foe the Peace.— In the course of a tour of instruction through his dominions, King Philip visited Gibraltar, hut the incident is devoid of interest except for the follow ing anecdote which is related of his entrance into the city. On arriving at the Bock, the Governor and civic authorities went out to meet the King, but when attempting to enter the place with his carriage it was found impossible to pass the narrow and tortuous approach to the gate. The King, who was in his carriage, was compelled to dis mount and enter the garrison on foot; while the vehicle, which was jammed in the narrow way, had to be taken in pieces. This untoward occur rence occasioned" some sharp remonstrances from the royal attendants, who expressed their surprise that the entrance had not been widened previous to the King's arrival; to which the Governor with some wit replied that "the gate was not made that carriages might come in, but that the enemy might be kept out."—The History of Gibraltar. By Captain. Sayer. . Gold in Wales.—A correspondent of the Morning Herald gives some interesting de tails respecting the discovery of gold in Wales. The mine in which it is found was originally a copper mine, and is still called the Vigra and Clogan Copper Company. It is situated about five miles from Dolgclley, and in the direct road that leads up to the mine. The works consist of a few rudely constructed workshops, a large enclosed sited, an enormous water-wheel, a wooden bridge very roughly constructed, extending from these works to a hill close by, aud heaps here and there of earth and quartz material of various kinds, and a few workmen. A piece of quartz was handed for inspection to the correspondent, who found it studded All over with gold. This piece, which weighed about 7 lbs., contained at the least 12 ounces of gold—a quantity that would realize at the Bank of England about £40, This undoubtedly was an exceptionally valuable piece of quartz, but it was taken from a rich shoot of auriferous matter, and such shoots are frequently found in the mine. The richest ore had yielded as much as 788 oz. of gold per ton, and 17 tons 11 cwt. had yielded 6,182 oz. 4 awts., or 353 oz. 4 dwts. per ton; while.even the poorest ore, 892 tons, produced 9B6 oz. of gold, or II oz. per ton—a quantity far beyond what is necessary to yield lucrative returns. But the most striking develop ment of auriferous quartz in the neighbourhood appears on a property known as Berthwllyd, or Cefn Goch, about as far from Dolgeliey as the Yigra and Clogan. Here an auriferous quartz lode appeals on the surface, in some places many feet iu width, and upon which repeated experi ments with the Britten amalgamating machine have been made. 'X'iiis belongs, it appears, to. the West Gold Mining Company. The experiments made are asserted to have yielded from three to ten ounces in the ton "I was very glad," says the correspondent, "in looking over the mining property to hear an independent opinion of its value from Mr. Warrington Smyth, the mining engineer of the Woods and Forests." The Sybarite and the Tortured Indian.—Let us picture to our mind's eye a pam pered Sybarite, nursed in all the wantonness of high-fed luxury, dallying on a downy sofa, amid all the gotgeousness or ornamental tapestry, listening to the soft sounds of sweetest music playing in his ears; his eyes satiated with pleasure in contemplating the enchanting pictures that deco rate the walls, and the beautiful statues which in pleasing variety fill up the distant vistas of his palace; whose rest would be brokeD, whose happi ness would be spoiled, by the doubling of the ; highly-scented rose-leaf that lies beneath him on his silken couch. Let us by the magic power of imagination. transport this man to the gloomy depths of an American forest, where the dazzling glare of a bright lire instantly meets his eye. It he does not. forthwith ignominiously expire at the first view, suppose him to survey the characters who compose or fill up the busy scene around it. The barbarous savages of one tribe have taken captive the chief of another engaged in deadly hostilities with them.- They have not impaled him alive. That would he to consign him too speedily to unhealing death. ~ But they have tied him fast with hands made of the long and lithe forest grass, which yields not quickly to the fire. They have placed Iron beside the pile which they kindle with fiendish satisfaction and feed with cautious hand, well knowing the point or pitch to raise it to, which tortures but not speedily consumes. They have exhausted all their energy in uttering a most diabolical yelk on wit nessing their victim first feel the horrid proofs of their resentment, and now -seated on tlie grass around, they look onin silence. The chief stands firm, with unflinching nerve; bis longeyelashes are scorched ofi| but his proud eye disdains to wink; his dark raven locks have all perished, but there is not a wrinkle seen on his forehead. From the crown of his head to the sole of his foot his skin is one continued blister, but' the courage of his soul remains unshaken, and Quails not before the tor menting pain. The Sybarite has-expired at the mere sight; his craven heart has ceased to beat.; The Indian hero stands firm. There is even a smile on his sadly marred cheek, - and it is not'the smile which is extorted by excruciating .pain, and forms the fit accompaniment of a groan; but he • smiles with joy as he chants his death-song. He thinks with pride and joy on the heroic -deeds he tins performed; how he lias "roamed from' sunset to' sunrise through7 the forest depths, and changed the steep of his foemen into death. He beholds oh all sides dancing around him'.the noble spirits of his heroic ancestors; and nearest to him and almost, he imagines, within reach of-bis embrace, he sees the ghost; of his father, who first put into his hand and taught him the use of the scalping-khife and tomahawk, wlio has come from tne heavens far beyond the place of mountains and of clouds to quaff the death song, and to welcome to the land of the great hereafter the spirit of his unde gfenerate son. The chief-is inflamed with a glorious rapture that exalts him beyond the sen sation of pain.'and conquers agony. "He -holds noparley with unmanly fears." " The son of Alcnomonhas ceased to endure; He consented to die, but he scorned-to com plain;" - ■. —" Christopher fforth." A Memoir of John Wilson, 6jr his daughter, Mrs. Gordon. Sow to Get Along.—We hare some suggestions to offcr which wiU'enable bur reader^ to get through life in the most easy and com fortable manner.' If a bee has the 'audacity and folly to sheathe his sting in your cuticle, justice demands that you should instantly upset the • hive wherein the offender lias his head-quarters,. and exterminate every bee. therein. If 'a -dog bites you in the calf of your leg. stern justice demands that you should bite the dog in the calf of his leg. On the same prippiple, if an irate donkey rudely elevates his hinder legs against you, the true way is to kick back. H a horse falls upon you. the sublime principles-Of the lex talionis require that you should fall upon the horse.. If Joggs calls you a liar,' the treatment is to call him a liar and a thief into the bargain. If you arc a fanner, and a neighbour's cow happens to get into your young corn, your instant mode of obtaining satisfaction is to turn a'Jyour cows, hogs, &c.;, into Iris corn. By following out these sublime ideas of justice and self-respect, your daily life will be full of sweet peace, ana you trill eventually become as docile and playful as a kitten.—AmcrtcanPaper. Hearing a physician remark tliat a small blow will break the nose, a rustic standing by ex- - claimed, " Well, I dunno 'bout that. I nave Mowed my nose a great many times, and I have never broke it!" Yon can't do too much for your em ployers. man, said somebody to a strong- backed Jack-of-all-work at the docks the other day. •'Arrah, be jabers," replied Eat, with emphasis, •'neither will I try." Drunkenness.—Some of the domestic evils of drunkenness are .bouses without -win dows. gardens without fences, fields without tillage, barns without roofs, children without - clothing, principles, morals, or manners. A man in. Hew. Hampshire "had the misfortune recently to lose bis wife.' Over the grave.he caused a stone to be placed, on which, in the depth of his grief, he liad ordered to be in scribed—"Tears cannot restore her, therefore I weep." Society in Guernsey and Jersey.— The higher ranks in both islands assimilate in their general habits to the educated classes in country and cathedral towns in England and else where. There is, however, a perceptible diffe rence. Cliques naturally, and perhaps necessarily, exist in a society where the wnole private history of everybody is known aud remembered. Owing, also, to the small numl«r of families and the constant intermarriages of their members, nearly j all those mixing in daily intercourse are cousins, more or less nearly related. Strangers cannot expect, nor would they perhaps always desire, to be admitted to the intimacy thus induced; but they are hardly prepared, at first, for the apparent neglect that is a natural, if not inevitable, con sequence of this, and to which they are often exposed They are, in fact, especially in Guernsey, , admitted rather than encouraged. This is notice able in the ball-room, where matters are left to . take their own course, and English ladies have but little chance. At a period not very distant, society in Guernsey (to which islands these remarks chiefly refer) grouped itself into two divisions — one including those families who prided themselves on ancient descent and landed estates, and who regarded themselves as the par sang, and the other those whose fortunes had chiefly been made during the ! late war or in trade. The former were called sixties (apparently from the number of families at one time admitted within the ranks), the latter were the forties. It is the fashion now to ignore these names, but the feelings that prompted them undoubtedly exist, and are sometimes very plainly expressed. The educational advantages open to I the forties by their ample means, and fully made i use of by them, have, nowever, effectually done ! away with any difference in manners that may formerly have been noticeable. The divisions of 1 society among the natives in Jersey have been quite as much marked as in Guernsey, but are more political than social. They are known as the Laurel and Rose factions respectively. A s however, in Jersey the English residents form so large a proportion of the inhabitants as to make up several distinct societies, there is much less ! dependence on _ the islanders than in Guernsey, where the English element is extremely small in comparison, and not sufficient to act indepen dently. A certain kind of hospitality-is freely shown to strangers who bring good introductions, and visits are readily interchanged with them; but owing no doubt to the closeness of the family ties already aUuded to, these visits rarely result in much sociability or neighbourly intercourse with those who take up their abode in the island for a season. In this respect country society in England \ is decidedly superior. The chief inducement at present to a residence in the Channel Islands, in- | dependency, of course, of the reasonable wish to i investigate their natural beauties, is hardly so I much then: cheapness as the smallness of the society and the much simpler style of the various establishments. Bents are hardly lower than in England, and food is scarcely cheaper. Wine, tea, and tobacco, being free of duty, are cheaper, hut rarely good. Good servants are extremely difficult to obtain, and their wages are not lower than in English country places. In these respects the west of England is probably quite as economical. The visits of the taxgatherer, however, are unknown; and for some reason or other many of the small luxuries of life are obtainable at little cost, and many others which are more expensive are, by common consent, done without. a There are few. persons in either of the islands with incomes that would in England be con sidered large, but a very considerable number "of families provided with moderate incomes, which SP rarely* equalled by the family expenditure. Most of the sons of island families leave the islands early, many of them going into the army or navy, and others into professions; hut, with that peculiar feeling which is so often noticed in tue inhabitants of small countrira and moun tainous districts, these almost invariably en deavour to return to their early home—first to marry a cousin, and afterwards to reside when they nave realized a small competence. The island families are thus continued, and the familiar names repeated in every variety of combination.—The - Channel Islands. Stephenson's Safety Lamp.—Arrived at the bottom of the shaft with the lamp, the party directed their steps towards one of the foulest {galleries in the pit. where the explosive gas was issuing through ^ blower in the Joof bf the mine with a load hissing noise. ' By erecting some deal boarding round that part oftue^allery' into which the gas was escaping, the air was -thus made more foul for the purpose of the experiment. After waiting for about an hour; Moodie, whose practical experience -of fire-damp in pits was greater than that of either Stephenson or Wood, was requested to go into the place which had thus been made foul, aud having done so, he returned and told them that the smell of ' the .air was snch that if a lighted candle were now introduced an x explosion must inevitably take place. He can-" tioned Stephenson as to the danger both to them selves and to the pit if the gas took fire. ButSte Iihenson declared ins confidence in the safety of his amp, and having lit the wide, he boldly proceeded* with it towards the explosive air. The otters, more timid and doubtfoL hang back when they came within hearing of the blower; and appre hensive of the b danger, they retired into a safe place, out of sight of the lamp, which gradually ■ disappeared with its bearer in the recesses of the mine. It was a critical moment; and the danger was such as would have tried the stoutest heart Stephenson advancing alone, with his yet'untried lamp, in the depths of those underground work ings—calmly venturing his life In the determina tion to discover a mode by which the lives of many might be saved, -and death disarmed in these fatal caverns—presented an example of intrepid nerve and manly courage more noble even than that whicl^ in the excitement of battle and the collective impetuosity of a charge, carries a-man up to the cannon's mouth. Advancing to the {>lace of danger, and entering within the fouled air, lis lighted lamp in hand,. Stephenson held it firmly out, in the full current of the blower; -and within a few inches of his mouth! Thus exposed, - the name of the lamp at first increased, then • flickered and then went out; but there was no ex-j plosion of the gas. Returning to his -companions, who were still at a distance, he told them what had occurred. Having now acquired somewhat more confidence, they advanced with him to a point from wluch they could observe him repeat his ex periment, but still at a safe distanced They saw that when the lighted lamp was held within the explosive mixture there was a exeat flame; the lamp was almost fall of fire; and then it smothered, out. Again returning to his companions'he re lighted the lamp ana repeated the experiment. This he did several times with the same result. At length Wood and Moodie ventured to advance close to the fouled partof the pit; "and, in making some of the latter trials, Mr. Wood himself held up the lighted lamp to the blower. ; Such'was the -result of the first experiments withthe firstprac tical miner's lamp; as well as of the great daring on the part of its inventor in testing its qualtics.— Lives of the Engineers. By Samuel Smiles. How the Tubes Smoke.—The Turks undoubtedly understand how to smoke better than any other nation. They do not seem to he harmed by it, since they lire to. a healthy old age in the constant use of the weed; but whether harmed or_ not, they evidently excel all other people in-'the luxury. We have already remarked that the Turk uses a clean clay pipe. . He Also uses 'a'.-long wooden stem. This is the importan t characteristic of the chibouk. and the theory of.the thing is: tillsAll woody fibres in burning are decomposed, giving off quantities of water, or of oxygen and hydrogen, which compose water. This water passes on in steam or vapour, having in solution the nicotine and other component parts of the 1 tobacco. What is commonly called the " oil" in a pipe is ninety-nine hundred parts water. , It can not hot be evident that this hot water or'steain; passing as it does directly from the fire to the mouth, when one smokes a short pipe or cigar, is uncomfortable, if not unwholesome. "A long wooden stem, three to five feet in length, with a large bore, is therefore advantageous m this re spect, that it permits the smoke tojest in the tube sometime before it is taken into the-mouth. 3ft deposits its steam and a large part of the nicotine in the wooden tube, and the smoker takes it into his lips a dry smoke. TheTurks clean these stems daily with strong coffee. They prefer the wood of the jessamine or wild cheny to all others, although they make pipe-stems of "every wood. Indeed, it is not uncommon for a luxurious Turk to send out for the branch of a large" rose-bush, have bis servant bore the stem with the ever-ready gimlet and string, and then hand thepipe to bis guest' blooming with fragrant roses. Jessamine and cheny. stems cost in the Turkish bazaars from $1 to $10 and eveni $15 each. - It is on the stem and montkpiece that the expense is wasted, -The amber mouthpiece is itself -costly choice amber, miiky, and delicate in colour/being worth almost its weight in gold in Oriental countries, ■ and the mouthpiece is'ornamental"with jewels according to the wealth of the proprietor. Thus .a mouthpiece worth $10,000 or $20,000 "may be frequently seen, while the bowl of the pipe is ' worth but a tenth of a cent.—,fieto Fori Journal of Commerce. ' Azulene,—This is a new organic body, discovered by'Mr. Septimus 'Piesse,!existing in' and forming a proximate constituent of seyerai ottos or essential oils. ' It'is remarkable on account -of its beautiful blue colour. There are. but-few, liquids which give a coloured vapour when boiled, but azulene is one of them; like itself, its "vapour\ is blue. Azulene is soluble - in fatty and volatile oils,.in alcohol, and nearly every other liquid (with: the exception of-water), to all of which it imparts' its colour. It is a very permanent body, and beam a temperature of 700° or 800° Fate. in a sealed tube without alteration: None but the strongest ehe micals.aidedbyheat, wiffbreak up ite constitution. Two blue oils, Malricai-iacitamjomillaarid 'AcJiilled millefolia, which owe their colour to the presence , of azulene, have been examined bySirB. BretfsferT "He says—VThey differ from all the various bodies which ,<I-have yet examined. Between the two lines A and B of -Fraunhofers "map of "the spec trum, there are two groups of lines, and'the two" oils absorb the light in these portions more power fully than in the portions adjacent to them. No other fluid or solid on which I have made experi: ments acts in a similar manner; but, what is very remarkable, the earth's atmosphere exercises a similar action when the sun's light passes through its greatest thickness at sunrise7 and sunset." In a paper by Mr. Eiesse. fead before the Chemical' Society, describing azulene; the author stated that blue otto of chamomile yields 1 percent., otto of wormwood 3 per cent., and otto of patchouly 6 pgr cent, of the new body. The: patchouly plant is already commercially cultivated at Penang, and any quantity can be crown in Ceylon. -Patchouly is said to enter into the composition of Indian or Chinese ink. Mr. Piesse thinks'that on account of the geueral presence of azulene in. volatile oils (to which, in a. measure, it gives their colour), -it plays some special part in connection with these odoriferous bodies,;aud he hopes soon to elicit some more facte relative to it. Besidcnts in the colonies, who are familiar with coloured volatile' oils not known in Bngland, will assist Hi. Piesse in his investigation u tbey will send him small samples, to the care of the Secretary of the Society "of Arts. - - Expenditure of Shveb en Photo gbapht.—The experiments of Mr. SpiUer; the -superintendent of the chemical department at \Voolwicb, show the quantity of .silver actually used in producing photographic pictures is very smalL A full- sized sheet of. albumenized paper', necessitates the employment of .50 grains of nitrate of silver, which at the rate of four-shillings per ounce troy, costs fi vepence ; ■ of - this amount, Im w ever, ten grams only are actually expended, or one pennyworth of silver per sheet, the remaining 40 grains, pr their equivalent in metal- or" silver com: < pounds,'being, recoverable from the waste scdu-. turns and other, products of the photographic operations.' The value of the -gold -expended in toning the prints likewise amounts to- onepenny per sheet. The valne of the whole of the renam ing chemicals, viz., the hyposulphide and car bonate of soda, common salt; sulplinr, and kaoiin, fails within the limits of a halfpenny. 