I THE CONQUEST OF THE EAST. (fHOM THE SATURDAY REVIEW, DECEMBER 12.) A few years ago it seemed as if it were our sole business in the East to occupy the whole of India, and hold it against the world — not caring to go boyond it, and merely conccrned that no European Power should come to interfere with our private Asiatic domain. Times have changed, and wo scarcely ever think of India in connection with ony European Power, whilo wo aro boing dragged on almost wiuiuuu uur nuuwiuu^u, uuu uui uuiiij ugiuu&b; our inclination, to tho conquest of other vast por tions of Asia. Both in China and Japan, a central power far weaker than it used to bo meets the inroads of a commerce far larger and more adventurous. It is curious to seo how averse every English authority is, in theory, to anything like an attack on tho Chineso or Japanese Gcvernments. Sir Rutherford Alcock, for example, who knows Japan as well as any European, thinks that the British Government has been scrupu lous almost to weakness about giving offence to tho Japanese and protection to its own subjects. The Engliih merchants in tho China trade have reasons so good aud so subtle why Major Gordon must, in the natural order of things, go on taking ono town after another, that we become convinced, not that Major Gordon ought to take tho towns, but that it is exceedingly hard to defino where the right ends and tho wrong begins in our treatment of the Chineso. Theprospcct thus opened to us i-i so vast and overwhelming — itscomsso enormous a responsibility that we should havo, in addition to our prejent bur dens, to assume the direct or indirect management of another quarter at least of tho human race — that wo may very woll get uneasy about it. Nor is tho diffi culty merely a political ono. It is quite as much a religious, a social, and a moral ono. Wiiat is it we can hope to do for or with thoso millions of Asiatics ? Let us suppose that what lias happened in India happens over again in China. It is quite certain that this will not bo precisely true, for nothing hap psns twice in the world, and there are many obvious disturbing elemouts in the caso of China which ren der the parallel of India inexact. But, in therough, we may conjecture that wo ourselves, or that we in cun junction with other Enro ™,n nn (inns al.nll »P,it,ivn n Mnmmmt. in-ln«r-«o {n China ; that wo shall in tho process, however, unwillingly, kill, impoverish, and ruin vast multi tudes of men ; that wo shall demoralise, by the con tact with European vices and tho inevitable loss of national self- respect, a great many more ; and that then we shall take care that somo settled and decent Government is set np, and introduce something of English thought, and teach tho conquered to judge of things in some measure by an English standard. What, then, is tho nature of this change that we in troduce ? What is the spirit and tendency of our conquest of tho East, as seen in India, and as it may ono day bo seen iu China aud Japan ? and how does it differ from other kinds of conquest, moral and physical, which tho world has seen before? The kind of conquest which, to students of Christian history, seems the most natural, is tlio conquest effected by individuals who are the bearers of now ideas, and who, by their enthusiasm and hy virtue of tho mission thoy claim, seize 011 the minds of those whom they address, and subjugate them under the empire of a now or a higher truth. Tho outlying nations of Europe — those that wero beyond the bounds of the old lioman Empire — were all conquered aud brought into the palo of Christianity iu this way, aud thoir savugo Christianity formed a liuk between them aud tho more advanced nations which lias connected tho history of Europe into a conti nuous whole. A good man went, and, if he waa not killed, addressed the king or captain of a bar barian tribo. If he was killed, another good man went; and in course of timo one or other of these missionaries got a hold 011 tho feelings of tho king or his queen, and persuaded thom to turn Christian. Tho king then quietly put to tho sword thoso who would not follow his example, and those who would do as I10 bid he baptised by thousands. This wholesalo and superficial Christianity is regarded with very different eyes by writers of different schools. The lato Dr. Arnold pronounced it to bo tho cleverest invention of tho Devil since Christianity camo into the world. Others may rea sonably regard it as merged iu tho larger question whether a corrupt Christianity is bettor than none. Uut, ut any rate, tins action of individuals on the ? nations not civilised after the European pattern has failed in tho East. The Romish Church has sin cerely and zealously tried to carry it out, and once or twice haB seemed on the very point of success. History, as written hy Europeans, treats it as turn ing on tho mere circumstunce of the premature death of a Japanese Sovereign that Japan did not adopt Christianity as the State religion ;J and a suc cess not much inferior was, at one time, pro mised in China. But nothing at all liko this is going ou in tho East now, and more especially it is obvious that nothing of tho kind is going 011 in British India. Wo do not work through the agency of dovotcd and enthusiastic individuals. We do not overcome tho apathy or tho ignorance of Hindoos by tlio sublime fervor and wisdom of men liko Xavier. Wo lire not governing by the con tagion of personal influenco ovor Ameers and RajiUis and Nawabs. Tho usual colonial bishop aud the usual representative of our missionary societies aro not the men to take tho gates of boll by storm in this way. Thoy work thoir work, and a very useful work it is, hut it is not tho work of exercising a superiority of mind or tho sway of a passionate imagination over tho heathen of India. It does not follow that this is at all their fault. It may bo that the East is not to bo conquered as Xavier tried to conquer it. But it is always as well not to confuse what we are not doing with what wo are doing, aud it is manifest .that wo aro not oven trying to do what Xavier so nearly succeeded in doing. Another kind of conquest is that effected by the Spaniards in the New World, where tho conquerors united a strong system of European government with thezcal and ardor of men burning to prosely tise. Tho plan of effecting wholesale conversions at tho point of tho sword was onco more adopted, but tho process was effected through tho interven tion, not of a native, but of a foreign government. Tho world has pronounced that the experiment failed, but tho reasons of tho failure nro very hard to unravel. Mr Helps has shown that, although tho Spanish Court was to tho last degree bigoted, it un derstood perfectly well the great principles of adminis tration. It was very careful to select as good men as it could get, andno Europeans wero superior in intellect to the Spaniards of the sixteenth century. It con stantly resisted the attempts mado by tho local au thorities to introduce new methods of oppression. It at last succeeded' in establishing a complete con trol over its own distant officials, and on the whole it -was punctually and honestly [served duriug tho seventeenth and eighteenth ccnturios. It did suc ceed in making tho remnant of tho old native popu lation nominally Catholic, and in cutting tho whole shape of South American society after a typo not jouspicuously differont from that of Spain at lioine. Perhaps tho Spaniards still think tbat ihey succeeded on the whole, and that, fo iar ns they broke down, they failel through tlio lecossary imperfection of human ondoavors. But lie rest of Europe looks to such a placo as Mexico, .villi its rabid, ravenom ecclesiastics, its savage lordos of half-castes, its wretched, degraded popu ation of bullios and cowards, and asks whether his is roally a satisfactory result of the conquost of Dortez. Wo in England should be inclined to say that Spain failed ogregiously, and that the true causo of tho failuro was that Spain misconceived the cha racter of Christianity. Logically, it is most reason able iu a zealous Christian Government to persecute ; just as, logically, thero is much to bo said on behalf of the African slave-trade. But, practically, the thing aimed at vanishes in tho effort to attain it. Persecutors, although unquestionably, on tho Romanist hypothesis, saving tho souls of others, degrade their own. It might bo easy to prove, theoretically, that this need not bo bo ; but in practice it liappons to bo tho caso. Christianity, as imposed 011 tho Mexicans and the half-castes, bo camo unreal to tho Spaniards who imposed it. The strong Government of Spain lost its vitality because it gradually vitiated the mind, and lowered tho feel ings nnd enfeebled tho judgment of thoso whcr-liad to administer it. England is often impelled to try something of tho samo system of government in India. Thore arc English adventurers who wish to bow the necks of the natives under tho yoko of nn enforced industry. Thero are zealous and ignorant people in abundance who would like to see the natives made Christian by some wholesalo process of force, or persuasion, or bribery. But tho English Government has steadily refused to follow in tho steps of Spain, and gradually tho educated opinion of England lias formed it3 conclusions on tho sub ject, and is now ablo to enforce its decision that tho strength of tho Goyprimient shall ho used to give tlm natives ns mnjeh liberty of conduct, nnd of belief ns possible. But then, if our conquest of India is not a conquest through individuals or through the Government, what is it ? Tho only answer, wo believe, is that it is a social conquest. It is English society that subjugates the East. Commcrca is its - first forerunner, and then war and bloodshed. Wc buy and wo fight, aud then, having killed -enough Orientals to persuade the rest to trade with us, wo offer them, as a recompense, tho contact with English society. And this is by no means a slight thing to offer them. It is quite a new thing to an Asiatic — a thing which to him seems much more impressive and great than tho offer of a now creed — that ho should bo ablo to i-co every day of his lifo a Government which at least means to bo just, . which absolutely declines bribes, and which uses its strength for tho protection of tho weak. Tho great curse of the East is its decayed morality. To us who are accustomed to such moral aids as a civilised Government can administer, it seems at first as if tho only hops of restoring a decayed morality lay in the introduction of a great religious change. But tho decayed mo rality of tho East nppenrs to require some stimulants — something indisputable, external aud conspicuous, which shall give it strength to chango, and on which it may look for tho first beginnings of help. The brazen serpent of Iudia is its civil administration. . In that administration India sees virtues nbout which there can -be no contest, and tho value of which is - incontrovertible. And English society in India is quite good enough to aid tho impression thus pro duced. It has many vices, but it has also many virtues, aud every step gained in tho improvement, of this society is the greatest of benefits to India. Tho notion of tho old East India Company, that chaplains ought to bo provided for tho English all over the country at the expense of tho natives was not an unwise or an unjust one, although tho extremely low money value set on spiritual us compared with secular worth, . and gross carelessness in tho selection of instru ments, seriously impaired tho success of the plan. At any rate, it aided to foster the idea that our action in India is mainly social, and this idea. ha3 now taken root and shows itself in many curious wuys. Tho Indian missionary, for example, is a. strange being regarded as o missionary. Ho looks upon liis going to India like any other person paid to go for a particular rateofpny. Ho bargains for so much as will enablo him to havo his wife nnd children with him. He stipulates that his children slntll bo provided for. Ho has it clearly understood that he is to enjoy a certain amount of comfort and a certain abscncG of pecuniary anxiety. When I10 n-Mu nnf I10 hlioloa lumonlf nrini-inallv iri Hi clonic, with kindly acts to his neighbors, with translations of the Scripturos into native dialects. Ho is, in fact, n settler of rather a humble laud, who undertakes for a fair competency to lead au avowedly Christian life, and to spend his time in doing as much social and religious good ns he can. He is ono typo of 'man, and the missionary of the early Church was another ; but I10 ia in very tolerable keeping with the whole of our Indian sj'stoin. His modo of action is not one that tells very fast, but then it is one that is not subject to great vicissitudes of progress and re gress ; and it cannot fail to influence favorably the English society around him. And the principle that our conquest of the East is a social one, and not ono of individuals or of Governments, is a principle fruitful of guidance 011 many of the vexed questions of Indian policy. For example, however much reasons of Stato may havo required it, tho abolition of tho Indian army was a great loss to India, for it has introduced into India n set of ofiicers who hate the country and its people, and show their feelings with tho manly frankness and brutal arrogance of the coarse speci mens of the English upper classes. Then, again, as the civil administration of India is tho foundation of English society in Iudia, tho necessity of getting the best possible civil servants, aud training them in the best possible way, becomes apparent, and ought to determine the nature of tho ehango which before long must ho made in the present system. To treat the conquest of tho East as a social ono is not very attractive or very encouragiug to the enthusiastic or tho sensitive, but, at any rate, it brings our action within the compass of what wo can really do, and makes us look carefully that the little we do shall be well done. Poor Spout. — The members of Lord Eglinton's Hunt met his lordship by invitation in Ayr, on Tuesday, to consider what steps should bo taken in consequence of tho scarcity of foxes. His lord ship explained that he had started his fox-hounds in tho county with the best hopes, and had dono all he could to show sport ; but, unfortunately, the foxes wero so scarce that although ho would continuo tlio experiment another year, still, if ho did not receivo greater co-operation in tho preservation of foxes, thoy must not thiuk his withdrawal of tho pack arose from any want of inclination on his part to keep them in tho count)'. After some discussion, resulting in exertions being resolved upon to uso every effort to interest proprietors and farmers in tho preservation of foxes, si- as to encourage Lord Eglinton to make this exhilarating and manly sport permanent in Ayrshire, the meeting broke up. — Ayr Advertiser. There seems to bo no copj*right secured by placarding the streets with outlandi-h-looking names. ' Kiddle-a-wink,' a name given by the metropolitan polico somo years ago to ' Tom and Jerry' shops where spirits wero sold illicitly, lias been conspicuously posted on the walls 'or some: weeks past, and has generally been supposed to have reference to a series of Ghost Stories, to np penr in Mr Beeton's ' Christmas Annual,' written by Francis Derrick, and illustrated with a frontis piece by J. .A. Pasquier, engraved by W. Thomas, an impression of which reached us somo ton days ago. iuudie-a-wmjc iias, However, just now been appropriated as tho name of a ' Pepper' ghost at ono of tho music halls south of tho bridges. Years ago Douglas Jerrold's publishers chalked tho walls with ' Where's Eliza?' the name of an in tended serial tale ; but tho keeper of a casino turned the outlay to his individual profit by adding everywhere ' At the ? Casino.' — The Reader - Emigration to America. — Tho immigration at this point alone for tho year 1803, up to date (30th September), is computed at 160,000, whilo that for 1SG2, during a corresponding period, was 70,000, making an increase of 84,000, or 8000 more than the entire total for last year. Between tho 1st and 30th ultimo of tho present year, 11,384 emigrants arrived in this city, in twenty- nino sailing vessels aud seventeen steamers. Of theso, 10,871 woro bondablo passengers and 513 were not bond able. During tho samo mouth last year, S1G2 emigrants arrived in forty three sailing vessels and nine steamers. Tho arrivals on Friday nnd Satur day numbered 17G9 poisons. — New York Tribune. Lucifer Matches. — At a lectiiro recently deli vered by Dr. Procter, of York, beforo the York Institute, tho lecturer gavo the follow ing useful information about lucifcr matches : — Messrs Dixon, Newton and Heath havo a stock of timber of tho value generally of from £8000 to £10,000. They produce yearly 2,100,000,000 matches. Reckoning tho length of each match at 2.} in, they would cxceed the circum ference of the globe. It i3 estimated that 12,000 to 15,000 gross of boxes of matches are produced weekly iu London a'0110. The yearly consumption of phosphorus 111 this countiyfor tho manufacture of matches is estimated at six tons, which, at 2b Gd per.lb, represents £1680. Our daily consumption of matches is considered to bo 250,000,000, or more than eight matches a day for every individual in the kingdom. But the great seat of match making ia in Austria. For example, M. Pollak, at .. Vienna, and M. Furth, in Bohemia, consume together about twenty tons of phosphorus unnnnlly, und em ploy about G000 persons. This quantity of phos phorus is sufficient to produce the amazing number of 44,800,000,000 inatcho3. Tho cost at which boxes and matchcs arc made is equally startling. M. Furth sells his cheapest boxes at Id per dozen, otmu uu.v vuiiLuimuH myuij juiuiuueH. xiurrop, a Prussian, sells his plain boxes at 2d per 100, and 1400 spliuts for id; and De Mujo, of Moravia, sells a case of fifty boxes, each containing 100 lucifers, for 4d. — Building News. ALevitical Family.— Oil Sabbath last, in Hopo streot Church, tho threo services wero conducted by three brothers. Tho Rev. Angus Mucgregor, recently appointed to St. Andrew's Presbytorian Church, Melbourne, preached in the forenoon ; Mr Duncan Macgregor, minister of the church, iu the afternoon ; while Mr John Macgregor, newly licensed, addressed a large crowd in tho eveuing. It is rarely that three brothers fill tho same pulpit ou the samo day, and the largo audiences seemed to feel deoply the unusual coincidence. What makes it the more re markable is that tho only two other brothel's of this familj' linvd also studied for the church, namely, the Rev. Malcolm Macgregor, minister of Ferintosh, md Dr. Alexondor Macgregor, rectory of tho Aca demy, Stranrao. — Glasgow Weekly Mail, Deo. 19, Tun Mortgagees havo ordered that the Great Eastern shall be sold by auction in January. This announcement will create some surprise, coming as it does, so soon after the shareholders had resolved to raiso sufficient funds to -meet all present demands, md equip the ship for a long voyago to India or Australia, __ 