MWS BY THE 3SIAIL. HOMETALK. YFrom the Home News} This Temple, May 26. OiJB talk iri . London, 'for the last, week or fort- i night, has, of course, been quadrupedal, as will easily be imagiued by any one who happens to recollect that yesterday was the Derby Day. I may almost say that the clubs become a nuisance at the tiuie of the great British festival, for the talk gets so terribly ' horsey ' Even the quiet men. and those who fauow nothing more about a race than that it is a feat performed by a certaiu number of well-bred horses in the presence of an uncertain numlier of men, who for the m-«tpart : are ill-bred, shave the excitement, j'ist as Dio genes tolled bis tub under the influence of the general Agitation. More-.ivel. these quieti£ts are ] usually uioved to put their names tiowu' for the \- 8w.-«pstakes, aud although they do not cate feliat horse wins (supposing their own draw has no as usualjy happens,) they have strong hopes and fears as io What man on the club list „ may obtain Xhe prize. It is aggravating to see the two pr tbree bunilred pounds go to some very rich fellow, who4^n*t1!fa,it ^}le inoney at all, ? . or :to «ohmj hungry^, unpopular, snarling man who wants it very mu'cb ^udeed. aud in the ab- 1 senceof extremecases.'it is matter of growl when'' the luck goes to somebody who scarcely ever' coioies tiear the club, aud whose nameisuukiiown to the iiiajority of members. To one of these three classes, the winning horse is generally At ? ? ? ? 1 -ttnll laFOWIlf nUU iiiicu uicu ,ucviai\\- nuvj . utici put in again. and they never do'untiVthe follow ing May. All our discussions aud apprehen- : sioiis are of course now over; Mr. W. F Anson's ' torse, named -Blair Athol, having yesterday won the Derby for '1864. 'Circumstances over which ? \- 1 had no control, and my respected medical at tef dant had not muchj prevented my attending ? the race, but, having read the ^Derby literature for-the Ia8t quarterof a century,, l^conBpienti- ously allege, in any form prescribed by any Act \- of 'Parliament for the aWishing nbedless affi. davits, and substituting declarations in .lieu thereof, that I do not believe that a single^tom of new descriptive^matter in «rgard 'jto the%ace \- -^r tits incidents Can : be rsupplied : by 'the 'most imaginative reporter that can be sent to Epsom. A ^Frenchman might doit, or a Japanese Am v bassador^or an American, but I am, nnhappilyj' neither of. the three. - We i were talking tit Garibaldi when I last wrote, but that subject Is now forgotten, of ? 'course. The' persons who^-:were dis-ppiointed that the upper classes took the grfeat ltaliati into their care, did their utmost to get up a disturb ? ?- nvt^a.M'khnt I110 . tfrnitirv . uOatr-tifUlinnf prownces, but no sensation could be -created. ; A meeting on Vrimrose hill, with which they sup ? piemen ted the planting of the Shakspere oak. - was.- as i- mentioned, dispersed by ^ the -police, 3mt Government veiy -sensibly allowed another to bn ? Tholden. and it went off in smoke. ? A ideputation ' went to scold -Mr, Gladstone for his part in the -dismissal wfiJaribaldj.-.but his tixqmsite courtesy - . -and ^«ibf-rate-l -precision of expl anatiori^ with -ia! \- f.:--i8!itcasm so well veiled tlr-tt it could not be made -r'malterjof offence. were toomuch for theaccusers, \- and they retired grnmblmg out aimrjt'of'iiatK' faction, at which'-Mr. -Gladstone declared him * ; sel/ deligbted beyond measure. Garibaldi *was': \- taken aw»y in -the Duke of Sutherland's yacht, and a Mayor and the Aldermen of the place wlieu lm d^iarteil were broken-hearted, jfor -hey : - ? 'bad prepared the usual onslaught, but -were told that tbe wind'was too good to be lost for the . :«ake ot their platitudes. ~ He is now siife 111 .. .Gaprera. Cardinal Wiseman. has emitted a -pas-, toral. m which h e al I u dea to G ari bald i js expressed admiration for -the French revolution, aud its adoratiou of the Goddess of Season {an unlucky j^sus /-eRiuB,«ertainiy),-and asks what tuust tbe . ^ChuriJi -ol -^England be when many of its digni \- . : jfied clergy- were seen shaking liands wUh'a 'man ; wbo had avowed t:uch sentiments. TheCardinal is a very smart person — too smart, I fancy, to iie made Pope . im place of; his present Holinessj whose jiuceessor it is said that it has been neces- - saryJto- select. ( (Tlie Queen Is io the Highlands 'I have neither intention nor desire to my more upon a disagreeable ^subject ''than 'is ; 'necessaty.- * : ? - having undertaken to rept-rt '-what is jsaid,'' ! «an Jiardly avoid reference to tiie - matter. There is no doubt that the views and'wishes of her Maj ^sty, In references to the Dano-German war, are those, which might be expected from : Abe daughter, widow, and mother-in-lawi of -»erman royalty. These views and: wisbes are . not those of the Heir Apparent, the hasband of a Danish priucess, nor are they'thoBe ofctfie majority of the. people. But Athat 'is-all, that , , ought to}-e said npon the subject. - Englishmen have their own feelings, but are perfectly able to anake allowances for the feelings ^-f others, and . especially for those of a Sovereign, who from tbc moment of her accession bas deserved and 4)btained our best affections. ' Were the Queen to come among the people to-morrow,; her re «eption woold be one of the most nutounded . Royalty, notwithstanding that most„of; UB wish '%hat should hostilities succeed the «tpiry of the Mmistvee^ the ?tu»sian army may 'receive a' . defeat, and the Austrmn ships be again worsted. W.e^o bot niirade our Joyalty, exceDt upon fare , oeeaBious, liat we keep it, and do not allow : aceidcKris to interfere Wich it. That the Prince ;Of .rWaaaB; .should '-be '-'adl on the side- of his . ftrinccss's jfcetUf is as natural and more gra , tifyiUg, By tka/way, hie xoyal highness has inat^arated his ^sldic eareet by taking the . dhair at the banquet the Literary Fund, 'aud \- by delivering a very frech and -pleasant speech, evidently of his own composing, ' in' which he paid a graceful tribute to thejate Mr. Thackeray j(of whose works he is understood 'to he a sincere admirer), aod'iu which, in a'toechingly frank jaanner, he regretted that all bis Aiwn fathers speeches had not been fully reported. The Loudon season is well on, andiooe is le minded of Sir G. Cornwall Lewis's speech, worthy af Bochefoucauld. that 'life would he very tolerable, but tor its pleasures.' Every body is «very where. But either there is so much talk there is -10 time for conversation, or there is an aitsedce.of salient topics, for I have seldom known a May in which there has been less to discuss We- have had £ome tremendously hot weather, which came ail of a sudden, and the glass in the suu was at 110 degrees, aud for about a week this created a real sensation, but Mini- fierce thunderstorms have 'cleared tlie Atmosphere, and we are now almost cold agaiu. j I do know whether the habit of talking meteorology, when friends meet, has gone out to to Australia with other accomplishments, but if to, you cau Understand the auvaulage of these changes to our conversationists. What -ifse do people talk about ? L t me see. Well, I dined out^ two or three days ago (or Z might have been able togo to the Derby) and I had. the ad van 'tage of silting next to a very charming married lady, who jtnep everything, at least, and , told me moA «f it. She said^ among a thousand and (Nte-otb'er things, that it wa6 all; very well to *alk {and it is, if- yon can talk assbe did) but that Lord Palmerston. was by no means so 2 strong as it was the thing to say, that though he occasionally, had capital fits and starts of Parliamentary energy, he was very often by no means up. to his work, and that, he ought to take care of himself. . At the -same time, she -said, laughing, that though she would not say whether she was, or wasn't, a bit Of a believer in the super-natural, she' did not think that the phosphoric appearances which have been so much talked about, as having been seen in the sheet of water at his place. Bracket-hall had any significance. But be would have to Rive up hard work, and let us have a new Premier very soon. Ah! Bnt who is to be the new man5 Well, gentlemen muet settle that, poor womein l j knew nothing, but did I think that Mr. Glad-:, stoue had -gone out .of. his way for uothing? {I'his referred to a speech which Mr, Gladstone has astonished the world with, one in which he declared that the time had come for extending the suffrage to the working classes, and in which he, gave his support to a bill for reducing borough voters from £10 to £6.) Well, Mr. Gladstone was. a very clever and a very ambi tious man and if fye saw that the Tories, who have won a great many elections and'think they can oust the Cabinet, would make their rash, he ^intended to hoist the Radical flag, and have a /Ministry of his own. : Here, and leaving you to imagine that at this moment the whitebait interrupted us, 1 may mention that I put this ''suggestion of my accomplished friend3s^to a man who supposes himself to be in the enjoyment of full Ministe rial confidence,- and I am bound to say that hje does pick up some early facts . He asserted that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had no such Selfish ideas, and that he was ' feeling the ice ' for his colleagues, who would not be indisposed to play^a reform trump, if their opponents' hand proved very strong. Anyhow, Mr. Gladstone's speech has caused a great citation, and the ^ultras have held meetings, and proclaimed him as their own Oxford is very wrathful and advises him to try Finsbu ry at the next election, as Isis blushes behind her veil for her once favonifte son. But leaving that lady, let me .return-to mine, who further informed me: — ~ That both the operas are very dull this year, and that the.directors ought to be made to bring out something new, instead of perpetually, giv- ing music of which every schookgirl knows every note. That Hefr Watchel, with his one fire-work note, is a mere imposition, and can't sing at all. That Mario is. of course, delightful, when he can do' bis work, but he is always breaking down. atid takes- no care of himself That certaiulv he has learned Faust, but how -has be learned it, 'and you .cannot say .that he has mastered the part, and bow should he ? He .has the music at home, and how and then he looks at it, -smoking his dreadful cigsrs, and then h i 8 Si ngi ng-m aster comes, and makes biin know some of it, , more or less as the case, may be, and 1 Softener less than more, and then he comes out, and if he happens to be iu tolerable voice that night, things go pretty well. But he will not know the part until he has sung it through two seasons, and theu, if he has a voice, it will be charming, 'but meantime the world goes round. -for 'Patti.^she is very clever^ no doubt, and her popularity is extraordinary, but so was that of -Piccolomini, who used to come up to a note, and if she did hot like it,, would : jump over it, like a. horse over a. five-barred gate. But she was not a great artist, and her voice had been worked much too haid..; Who else was there to talk about? And as if things were, not dull enough, we were to have Ftdelio ? (Lovely mus^c, I humbly interpolated.} Why. it was Beethoven,-' and -it was not - the thing to be profaue. but .wasu't .it' dull ? And at Covent garden; . there, .was nothing but ringing the changes on the Prophet, Robert, and the HugneuoU. ? ; Here! would have an innings, and spoke of tbe,-ierith of Aleyerbee.r. the grandest composer I of the day. Vety well, no doubt, but we have had -enough of the old works. Where was bis Africaine, which has been promised for the last ten years? Why was it not brought out at cince, and not at the fag-end of the season, when everybody was out ^ of town? Of course, one must go to the Opera, but never were subscribers sb- ill-treated, and next year . nobody would sub scribe at all. Here came some trout, with iced sauce, and we dropped the musicians. But 1 had much more to be told, and, inter alia. That it was quite right of Lord De Grey to make an example of the War-office clerks who filayed chicken-hazard in office hours. It was very hard, of course, upon men who had risen to the head of their department, and were unfit for other employment, that they should be turned out, &nd; lose the beuefjt of tbe fund. But asevere example was wanted, for there were hundreds of youhg men, of tolerable principles, but not veiy strong minds, who thought it was fine to imitate their superiors, and who might take to gamble, and bring themselves and their families to ruin. Something might be doue, by and by, for the men who had been turned out. but all mothers must be Indebted to Lord De Grey for having . read the lesson. Besides, it was such a temptation to wrong the'eountry. A BSan who is in an office of trust must hear things which it might be worth many a person s while to pay for knowing (tor iustance, she knew somebody who had seen the whole Budget before it came out), and suppose a. gambler chose to make up his losses by letting a secret be knOWn in certain quarters. I said that I did not believe these latter consignations^ actuated her at all, . women cared nothing about the public, but she was thinking of ber own two elegant sous who were both in Goverumeut \--mploy. Hence aiose a slight coolness, which, lasted until tbe dessert, when we became once more friends, and I heard that the Academy ex hibition was rather better than usual, but that there was no picture of mark (and 1 knew, but schooled by experience, did not say that this meant that there was no vulgar, literal painting of something everybody had seen, and therefore crowded to see on canvas, uutll a policeman was needful to compel circulation) ; that there were two ouraug-outangs at the Zoological gardens, but bad specimens, not worth showing ; that if 1 had not heard anything about a divorce which was going to set everybody talking, she was not going to be tbe first to tell me of it, (she did, later) ; that Mr. Disraeli had republished his youthful '* Eevolutionary Epick,' in defiance of people who said be had advocated tyrauuicide Cut that he had altered the objectionable passage into perfect liarmlessness ; tbst she had read the first number of Mr. Dickens's new story, but could nut make up her mind whether it was going to interest her or uot, but th-it if j Mr. Trollope had never drawn any character but Lily Dale he ought to be immortal, only the end of the book was so unsatisfactory ; that she seldom ? went to a theatre, because they tab pieces for two years, but that the two or three novelties bad all been bad, and Mr. Sothern'6 Garrick was a sad descent . from his Dundreary ; that these Greenwich dinners were a great deal too long [pleasant for me), but that now, thank gracious, they were going to get up— that we were not to smoke too much, and that the carriages were ordered at'ten o'clock. Really, I do not know that there is much to add this time to the information which I received under tbe circumstances mentioned. Shall 1 say t hat a book is in the press which will have great interest both for us and for you, the Diarj of -Mr. Stuert, the Australian explorer? It is soon to be published, with engraviugs and capital maps, and has been edited by a gentleman in every way competeut to do justice to the hardy and gallant explorers. Wt Hampton, on the bauks of the Thames, and at one of Us most beautiful parts, stands a large, and uot elegant house, which is interest ing as having been built by the great acton David Garrick. On the lawn iu front is a temple, as it is called, which the actor erected in questionable honour of Shakspere, and for which Horace Walpole (w)io bad then learned to admire the fashionable artist, in whom he saw little when Garrick w»s only making his way) wrote a not very neat inscription. The house and grounds have long been in the bands of some wealthy tradesfolk, and they are now offered for sale, at the Auction Mart. I was visiting a friend in the neighbourhood on Sun day, and in spite of an edict we managed to talk and bribe our way iuto the house. The rooms, with one exception, are not good, but there is a fine drawing-room, with bay window, which is very interesting, being in exactly the . state in j which Garrick left it. The walls are adorned with large Chinese designs, and the great old embroidered chairs one could easily fill, by a slight effort of imagination,' with Johnson, Burke, Reynolds, Goldsmith, and the rest of the Club. Garrick's bedroom, which is in two parts, comprising a sort of alcove in which is the bed, ornamented with the ceiebrated China hangings which he had so much trouble to get through the Custom-house tBat the grievance became historical), and a lofty arcued apartment, that could be shut off by a curtain, is also worth note. It is decorated with some graceful medal lions, aud with looking-glasses which are com posed of many pieces, for there were uo gigantic sheets of glass in those daj's. The grouuds are delightful, and there is an ' eyot' or ' ait' of the Thames that goes with them. The road cuts tbe lawn, but there is a subterranean way to the river, and this tuunel was suggested by Dr. Johnson. There is no time for an Australian millionaire to send over carte blanche to save the nLiw »nd L hear that it is to be bought at al most any price by a rich tailor, whose emissaries chalk the walls with vulgar reumimeudaiions to try his goods, and he announces thai he shall pull the house down, in order, 1 suppose, to build a Suip , Villa. We may surely expect, that as oue of the authors of a Diury-laue ' address' that was really.' rejected,' wrote — ?' The troubled sha.de of Garrick, huveriug near, VVill drop iu Thames's wa»c a piiyiiix tear.' 1 do not touch foreign matters, but it would seem strange to omit all mention of the awiul stiuggle now raging in America, or to leave it to be supposed that we do uot opeak of it. Ou Epsom Downs, yesterday, there assembled at least 200.000 persuus to enjoy themselves, aud to witness the contest of some inaguiticent horses. The-sauie papers which record this tell us that within a few days.stea-ming, at least 200,000 mcu speaking our language, were meetiug, early iu the month, to slaughter oue another, aud that they kept at the bloody work for six days, in cluding a Sabbath. We do not forget such hor rors, eveu in our own mirth, aud we pray that the fratricidal contest may soon be brought to . an end. Grant, the Federal, appears to be a leader of the British bull-dog kind, and he has ] ccrtaiuly advanced towards Richmond, though ! it seems only to get nearer to liues aud defences against which his armies will be burled in vain. We hear a good deal about theatrical matters in Australia, and you may. like to kuow that our theatres are all very busy, except Drury-laue, which has just closed, and is to let. The sensa tion of the moment is an elaborate revival of Hamlet, by Mr. Fechter, at the .Lyceum. He has some fine scenery, and ' a most artistic ghost, only the ghost is too fat, and not very solemn, and is chiefly admired for his clever disappear ances. Miss Kate Terry has made a great success in Ophelia, as was expected. An attempt at a Morality Play, after the old fashion, by Mr. Tom Taylor, has uot been received with much favour at the Olympic. It has many defects, but its real sin in the eyes of the critics, who are singularly devoted slaves to managers, is that it treads on too many corns. I suppose you will not be much concerned to know that Mr. Web ster and Boucicault are vituperating each other in letters, apropos of a very bad comedy which the latter sold to the former as original, bnt which of course was taken from the French Miss Bateman continues to draw capital houses to her Leak, which she will play to the end of her engagement, aud then sne will have a restf and probably a couutry round, returning to town when the winter season begins. This charming young artist has achieved a most legitimate suc cess, without adventitious aid, and solely by her fresh, womanly, aud sympathetic acting. 'Mr. Punch ' dedicates to her the following epigram, with which I conclude my piesent despatch -: — A Political oryau declares with a sigh . That reformers are rightly tor iudolenced blamed, And that what we all want is a very good cry Of which no class of citizen need be usuamed. 'Mr. Puuch' has observed the appeal, aud would state That the article wanted has come from Judaea; Aud now may be had every night, alniut VIII, Of his gifted young friend, Miss Kate Josephine Leah. The ice crop gathered in America last winter is said to be the largest ever stored. j Four tons of salmon were recently caught near ' Limerick, at Mr. Malcomsou's lax weir, at a siugle draw. The Peninsular and Oriental Company are building a new steamer, to be called the Nyanza. She will be about 2000 tons burden. Cardinal Wiseman suggests that the railway arch over Ludgate-hill should be decorated with sculptural representations of the funerals of Nelson and Welliugton. | Garibaldi had 267,000 applications for locks of hair from ladies. The calculation is that, after the complete cropping and exhaustion of the hero's own hair, including whiskers aud beard, 123 wigs would not have met the demand. The workiug men of Liverpool have organised a committee, to co-operate with the Loudon committees, for the purpose of raising a fuud for the purchase of a yacht for Garibaldi. The mer chants of Liverpool^ would in a few hours con tribute the amount required for a suitable craft, but the workiug men were to be tbe donors of this present, so the wealthier class forego the pleasure of subscribing to the fund. A screw steam-yacht, value £1800, is for sale in the Clyde, and it is proposed by the workmen to buy the vessel for Garibaldi. 