THE WEEK'S NEWS. Sad Accident at Sea.—A fatal accident occurred to the second mate of the steamer Lubra, on Friday night last. From Captain McCoy's report we learn that the vessel was at the time (betweeu 8 and 9 o'clock) off Shoalwater Point, between Port Augusta and Franklin Harbour, and the, dtceased, whose name was Philip Floodman, was engaged on the rail with the lead line. He relieved one of the seamen at 8 o'clock, and a short time after was seen to fall overboard. Capt. McCoy, who .witnessed the occurrence, promptly ordered the engines to be stopped and a boat to be lowered; at the same time the captain, believing he saw a dark object in the water, threw a life buoy towards it. The mate immediately after wards said the deceased had hold of the. lead line, and for a second he was seen by a pas senger under the steamer's counter, and then it was found he had let go his hold of the line. The steamer was then anchored and a search made with the boat; but it was very;dark and blowing hard, and the efforts to recover the unfortunate man were unsuccessful. The deceased was held in much estimation by the owners of the vessel, in whose employ he had been for many years. Sudden Death and Inquest.—Early on Satur day morning Mr. John Kaines, general dealer, was found dead in his house in Elizabeth-street. An inquest was held in the afternoon to enquire into the circumstances, when it was adduced in evi dence that the deceased had been drinking hard for some time past, and had during the past week : been receiving some pretty large doses of Battley's solution. The evidence was not conclusive as to the immediate cause of death, and the Jury J returned as their verdict that the deceased had been found dead. j Fatal Accident.—On Monday evening, 1 November 28, a fatal accident occurred to a lad j named William Scarce, son of Mr. John Scarce, farmer, of Gilbert Town. It appears be went in company with other boys to the Torrens, when ; he accidentally fell in, and although tbe body was soon recovered, life was found to be extinct. Dr. Mclntyre for three-quarters of an hour exerted j himself to restore animation, hut without success, j The Coroner, on enquiring into the particulars, did not think it necessary to hold an inquest. Accident.—On Friday, November 25, an acci-1 dent happened to a man named Brand, employed , at the Gas Company's Works, Hindmarsb. He was screwing a bolt upon part of the works con nected with the engine, when his hand and arm | were drawn in and much torn by the machinery. Caution to Boys.—On Sunday evening a young | lad named Charles Duncan, son of Mr. Duncan, turner, fell off the step of an omnibus proceeding J along tbe Nortb-terrace. The fall appeared to j have injured him considerably, as his head struck the ground violently. He was taken home by the police. The Mayor's Report.— His Worship the Mayor performed what may be termed the closing j act of his regime on Monday, November 28, when he brought up and submitted to the meeting of the City Council a report stating the works carried out in the city during the past year. He also ten dered his thanks to the Councillors for the support and countenance they had afforded liim, and con gratulated them on the harmony and good feeling which had pervaded their discussions while he had been honoured to preside over them. On the motion of Sir. Clark, seconded by Mr. Bundey, a vote of thanks was accorded to His Worship, as an expression of the satisfaction with which the Councillors liad viewed his conduct in the Mayor's j chair. TudanamutaNa Company.—Captain Anthony | reports the past month's workings at Blinman to have been driving the 20-fathom level north and j south, sinking the winze at bottom of Big Bunch, dressing and bagging ore, and preparing aivans for the furnaces. He reports that the smelting | operations are being proceeded with very satisfac torily, and that during the past three weeks 10i tons of copper of 95 per cent, have been returned from low ores. He writes that everything is in I good working trim, and that the mine never looked better, and is confident of a very successful future if measures can be adopted to ensure certain and continuous meaus of transit fcr the produce. The Yudanamutaua Mine ] is making slow returns in consequence of difficulty in obtaining teams; a large quantity of first class ore is ready bagged, waiting for drays. The number of men on the mines is still being further reduced, and it it feared that, although these properties are now in a position to give fall employment to at least 500 men, and materially to increase the exports of the colony, the difficulties I of getting up stores and bringing down the pro duce will necessitate the operations being confined almost exclusively to the smelting works for some time to come. Wirrawilka Mining and Smelting Com- | pant.—The sixth half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Wirrawilka Mining and j Smelting Company was held at the Norfolk Arms, on Saturday, November 26. After waiting some time a quorum was at length obtained, and Mr. W. H. Hamilton occupied the chair. The Secre- j tary read the Directors' report, from wliich it | appeared that the works at the mine had not been resumed, but a promising lode had been discovered by the storekeeper in charge. It consisted chiefly of gossan and spar, spotted throughout with copper, and the Directors considered it advisable that it should be developed, as It would determine the value of that portion of the property. The report also stated that at the request of the pro moters the Secretary had written to Mr. Conine ham, urging him to consent to Sir. Haussen's proposal, but no reply had been received. It further stated, that the whole of the third call had been paid on 2,906 shares, and that out of £726 10s., the amount of the fourth call, £290 5s. had been paid, and the holders of 505 shares had signed the deed of release. The Secretary next read the balance-sheet and Auditors' report, show ing a balance in favour of the Company of £22 9s. 9d.; also, a statement of the liabilities and assets of the Company, exclusive of the value of the mine and liabilities of shareholders for future calls. Liabilities, £19 4s.; assets, £911 15s. 3d. Mr. W'gzell moved, and Mr. Osborne seconded, that the Directors' report and balarfce-sheet be received and adopted. The motion was carried unanimously. The Secretary read a letter from Mr. Haussen, explaining the cause of his absence from the meeting. Mr. Osborne said he wished to know what was the present position of the share holders with the promoters. When they entered the undertaking they understood that theproperty was worth £25,000, and that the promoters were to have two-fifths; but they had since found out that it was not worth that; but, for instance, isay the property was worth £5.000, what they wanted was that the promoters should take £2, COO of that amount, and leave the share holders the remaining £3,000, and then they would be satisfied; but at present it was not altogether satisfactory. After some discussion. Mr. Osborne moved, and Mr. Fabian seconded—" That the meeting should he adjourned till the first Tburs- ; day in January, for the purpose of receiving from the promoters a definite proposal as to their inten tions respecting the future development of the mine." Some further discussion having ensued, the proposition was put and earned, and a vote of thanks having been accorded to the Chairman, the meeting closed. Kan ape a Mining Company.—The half-yearly meeting of the Kanapoa Mining Company was held in the Arbitration Hall, King William-street, on Wednesday, November 30. Dr. S. Blue occu pied the chair. The Directors' report for the half year was read, and a balance-sheet was brought up, which showed the financial position of the Com-1 pany to be in a satisfactory state. Captains j Tonkin's and Barker's reports were also read, and from them it appeared that the quality of ore was good, and that the mine only wanted properly j .worlang to become a very raluable property. Messrs. G. White, W. Phil! is, S. Blue, B, Stuckey, and B. B. Lucas were appointed Directors for the next half-year. It was resolved that 3,000 fresh shares should be issued at £1 per sham, the money so raised to be devoted to getting proper machinery and putting the -mine into, good working order. A few other matters of no. great importance having been gope through, the meeting closed. Steathalbtn.—Dur > trathalbyn correspondent informs us that the yield of hay in the district is, as a whole, light. The crops of wheat," oats, and barley are ripening fast, and harvest will com mence in about a fortnight. New Powdeb Magazine.—The time during which the Government stated tenders would be received horn persons willing to contract for the erection of a new powder magazine expired on Friday, and no offer was sent in. This may, we think, be taken as a proof that our master builders are fully employed, as indeed may also be in ferred from the numerous structures in coarse of erection throughout the city. Bobdeb Town.—We are indebted to a corre pondent for some few items of news from Border Town. To show the importance of having a Court in the neighbourhood he mentions a case in which a complaint was made against a trooper for having, as was alleged, exceeded his duty, when' the com plainant was summoned to Narracoorte—a distance of 69 miles—where an investigation was promised, which is considered tantamount to a denial of justice. Our correspondent complains that the people of Border Town have neither Court nor Post-Office, the people being dependent on the settlers' mailman for their letters. He refers to a visit from a reverend gentleman, and the good which his visit did in a locality where a minister is much needed; and finally he expresses a wish that in the forthcoming races Police-trooper Oliver's horse may be successful, '' for the honour of Border Town," and informs us that said horse is to be ridden by "Dick Turpin," a native blackfcllow, as jock. The Supply of Meat.—A letter forwarded to the City Corporation by the Under Secretary was read at the meeting of the Council on Monday, November 28. It Btated that as the control of slaughterhouses had been handed over to Cor porations and District Councils, the Government considered it would be an nndne interference on their part to appoint an Inspector-General to supervise those places. It also intimated that the Government regarded the protection of the citizens from the evil resulting from the sale of unwholesome meat as a duty incumbent upon the City Council. M.TJ. Oddfellows The town and suburban i Lodges of the abeve Friendly Society intend in I auguratlug the new year with a monster picnic on i the 2nd January next in the beautiful grounds of 1 Torrens Park, kindly placed at their disposal by I Colonel Tureens. A large Committee has been appointed, who are proceeding vigorously towards making the necessary arrangements. The District Officers have been applied to for their co- operation, and have consented to act with the Committee. The Grand Master has been appointed Chairman, and the Deputy Grand Master the Vice-Chairman. Various Sub-Committees have been also appointed to cater for refreshments, amusements, &c.;, un(l the Conveyance Committee have engaged vehicles capable of conveying between 800 and 3 X) persons to and from the park. It has also been determined that should there be any surplus fundB arising from the picnic they shall be placed in some one of the special funds in connection with the Order Full particulars will be advertised in a few days. The Ai.de.ga Meeting.—With reference to the report of the Aldinga meeting published last week, Captain Atkinson requests us to state that the following is what he intended to say " He had known the place in question for 24 to -a years. At that time there was no Deep Creek, and the place where the Deep Creek now is was covered with grass and grass-trees until six or seven years afterwards, when a dray-track intercepted the watercourse, and caused it to flow down m the direction of the Deep Creek, where it ran forfour or five years, washing away a great quantity ol earth that has formed the Deep Creek, and caused the persons below to complain of it. * The New Kcsh.—We have received from Mr Bigby a small volume entitled " The New Bush, and other Poems and Songs, by J. Eogers. The work, which is published in Melbourne, professes to be an attempt to put into verse some of the ! scenes and events which have come under the writer's own observation or the gold- diggings m i Victoria. The writer has considerable descriptive power, and some of the smaller pieces are not without merit. One or two of the songs are really spirited, and we dare say those who have been on the diggings will bear witness to the fidelity of the author's description, and will find .amusement in , his occasional odd combination of words and j thoughts. . Victoria. Theatre.—An entertainment of a , very novel and miscellaneous character was given at the Theatre, on Friday evening, by Messrs. Steele, Leslie, and Taylor, under the patronage of | Sir James Hurtle Fisher, the Hon. G. C. Hawker. - and His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide. There ; was a very large attendance in all parte of the , house. At the commencement of the per formance Mr. Leslie appeared ^r»n^°l°?st X stated that the apparatus required for the extubi tion of Pepper's Ghost had been damaged on | board the Eangatira. but that, though it could not ( be exhibited that evening, it would certainly make its appearance on the following night. The fires | part of the entertainment consisted of V^frama containing 12 illustrations of the American War. They were of the same size as the proscenium, and perhaps, as a whole, were quite equal to it. The city of Charleston, in particular, was remark able for the skilful blending of its colour, and the harmony of its parts. Leslie at tempted a descriptive lecture of the war, hut admitted that he had not had time to Preparejt The audience good-humouredly accepted the will for the deed. Mr. Steele performed a solo on the violoncello in the second part, and gave another illustration of his thorough mastery of that instru ment. A song by Mr. J- K. Taylor fol owed, and this again was succeeded by the musical perfomi ances of the Amateur Christy Minstrels, assisted by Messrs. Steele and Leslie. In tins part of the evening's amusements Mr. Leslie was as racy and intensely humorous as ever. The singing was in some instances very good, and though Leslie, as already intimated, was the great attraction of the audience, the gentleman amateu*who thumbed the tambourine was little lower m their esrima tion The amusements were concluded with The Carnival d'Afrique." The midday performance announced for Saturday, November 2o, did not take place in consequence of the small number of persons who responded to their invitation. In the evening there was a very good attendance of good-natured people, who received Mr. Leslies repeated apologies in a most indulgent spirit. The pictures are certainly not better than we nave been accustomed to see produced byMr. Holmes, the scenic artist of the Theatre. The Promised lecture was not written, hut it will probably be ready by the time the exhibition reaches China or Japan. The musical strength of *be previous evening was reduced, and although the ghost really did appear with great distinctness, it was not what the programme led the company to expect; and altogether the affair an be best described hv tlie name given to the favourite plantation dance, "abreakdown. Satubdat Evening's Concert.-Tim perfor mances at White's Assembly Eoorru on Saturday evening, were on behalf of the Albert Belks Fimd As the room was not a quarter filled, we fear that the entertainment will not add much to the pmdit balance. The programme was scarcely so varied as on previous evenings, on account of the absence of the Brunswick Band. Mr. Lmly Horinan and Sir. ( g g White performed several compositions ot more than ordinary difficulty with consummate «vip, and were almost vociferously appteuded. Mrs. Wishart's "Chime again, beautiful beUs, was given with great taste and in quite a finished style o r .r TlT_ Wfll I I*" www of vocalization. Mrs. Wallace sung her well-known "Katty Darling" deliglitfully; and Miss Bastard favoured the audience with another ef her pretty ballads, aud was warmly applauded. Mr. Shak speare, whose performances upon Alexandre's church harmonium on the previous Wednesday evening were so much admired, repeated. them on Saturday evening. One would imagine Mr. Shakspeare to have been a pupil of Mons. Bene Douay. Dike that talented instrumentalist, his style is ligorous, abrupt, and startling; his lights and shades stand ont in hold contrast, and even his ctescendos linger but for a few moments upon the ear, and are then lost in the rushing sounds of the succeeding harmonies. This peculiarity was strikingly exemplified by his performance of the cele brated "CujusAnimum" from Rossini's "Stabat Slater." We imagine tbatthe some composition would be given in a very different style at St. Peters of Borne, or in the Cathedral of Notre Dame, Paris. The. evening's entertainment was concluded with the farcical and laughable sketch entitled "The Wonder of the World," a phrase which the author (the brute) has applied to a I "silent woman." The characters were well sus tained by Mr. and Mrs. Bay, and Mr. H. J. Hall, ! and, as the piece progressed, the gravest of the audience were gay, and the most stolid compelled to indulge in hearty laughter. On the whole, the week's entertainments have not been so well patronised as might have been anticipated. We hope, however, that that there bas been no actual loss to the projectors. We should be glad to see something of the kind carried out periodically. By judicious management it could, wc are confident, be made successful in every respect Let the best talent be procured; and, as Ossian has it, "The stats will shed their rays, white as the lightning's flash, in the hall of the Norman band. Their deeds were great; great let them be again." The Hatobai/it.—A meeting of Mr. Townsend'e friends and supporters was held at the Cumberland Hotel, Waymouth-street on Saturday evening, November 28. Mr. T. Hall occupied the chair. Mr. O. Wildy proposed, and Mr. J. Bacon seconded, that Mr. W- Townsend was the most fit and proper person to represent them as Mayor.. The motion was supported by Messrs. E. Solomon, M.P., Eaves, and U. Vincent. The Chairman, on putting tfce resolution to the meeting, declared it carried unanimously in favour of Mr. Townsend. Mr. Townsend replied, thanking them for their sup port. It had been said that he was not the friend of the working man, and he had seen placards stuck about the city charging him with going against the working men's interests. All he could say was that in his place in the House of Assembly he had often been taunted with being the friend of the working classes, and he had always done all in his power to advance their interests. With refe rence to the payraent of Juries, he was the very one who moved for the' payment of Juries so far a3 civil cases were concerned. With regard to the Real Property Act he had been one of its warmest supporters ever since it had bear brought forward. The reason he did not vote for a testimonial to Mr. Torrens was that there were hundreds in the city who never had any dealings in land, and he thought it was unjust to tax the poor in an to pay for that which was a benefit to the rich. Be considered it should have been done by private subscription, and he would have been glad ts have contributed towards it if that had been the case. Mr. Thomas based his election upon his connection with the Register; but he would ask them to use their own judgment and return the best man. The Hon. J. H. Barrow said he had never taken a prominent part in the election, but as he considered Mr. Townsend the man most fitted for the office of Mayor he should support him. They wanted one to represent them in the Council who was essentially a popular man. Let all the citizens act together as one man, and give their votes -honestly and conscientiously, and he believed Mr. Townsend would be returned. It had been argued that they ought not to go out side the Council for a Mayor.. Well, if they were to elect a Mayor from the Councillors, why not elect the senior Councillor! Mr. Thomas had told them that though he had not been' at work publicly he had been secretly influencing the com munity through the columns of the Register Mr. Thomas had based his claim for election upon that. The policy of the Register had been to sacrifice their interests on the squatting question. It had supported the system of giving free grass to the squatters, and it had worked hard te get the reimposition of the ad valorem duties, which placed a tax of Si per cent, on ail imported goods. He would not have introduced this subject, but that Mr. Thomas had challenged the discussion himself. He hoped they would do their best to return Mr. Townsend. Mr. S. Raphael proposed ' a vote of thanks to the chair, seconded by Mr. L. Murphy, who took occasion to state that the Mr. Enuis who had issued the placards respecting Mr. Townsend was in his employ, but that he (Mr. Murphy) was entirely ignorant of the affair, and had not seen the placards until that evening. The meeting; which was a very orderly one, then broke up. Death bt Dbowhejg.—On Wednesday night, about 10 o'clock, an alarm was given to the police that a man had fallen over the Company's Wharf. The drags were immediately brought into requisi tion, and after a short time the body was recovered and removed to the Wharf Hotel, where Drs. Duncan and Gething attended and used every means to restore respiration, but without effect. The body was then removed to the Casualty 1 Hospital, and was found to be that of a seaman named William Fisher, who had shipped as cook and steward in the Lord Nelson. Dr. Woodforde ■ held au inquest in the reserve-room at the Police Station at noon on Thursday, when from the evi i dcnce it appeared that the deceased had been j drinking hard, and it was supposed he was going ; towards the Lord Nelson when he fell off the edge j of the quay. One of the witnesses spoke of his having been somewhat depressed in spirits, and speaking of his wife and fauii-y, who were in Plymouth, A portion of a letter was found in his box, apparently addressed to his wife, stating that he had arrived safely in Port Adelaide and shipped in the l<ord Nelson, and that he was almost broken hearted about her. The Jury found that the deceased had been "Accidentally drowned." Maclaiien Vale.—The Eev. J. Maugban de livered an interesting lecture at Maclaren Vale on j the 21st of November on the " Chemistry of Per- ' mentation." The lecture was illustrated by dia grams and chemical experiments. Air. Alaughan explained at considerable length the various chemical changes which take place in the manu facture of beer and wines. He said that great doubts had existed amongst scientific men for a long period as to whether the yeast-plant was the cause or the effect of fermentation. Alulder, the great authority of the wine manufacturers, stoutly contended for the latter,- but the controversy had now been set at rest by the discovery of M. Pasteur, the eminent French microscopist. He had, in prosecuting his investigations as to the possibility of the spontaneous generation of animal life, discovered that " life presided everywhere over the work of death." Wherever he observed the decomposition of an organic com pound he- also encountered myriads of forms, either animal or vegetable; which accomplished tliis.decompo.sition. In fact, in the manufacture of wine, he not only found the must changed into wine by the action of a lowly organized plant— Mycoderma vini—which, while developing and multiplying itself infinitely, acted upon the sugar and separated it into its elements; but he also found many other kinds of vegetables, true para sitic growths, which acted like ferments, and pro- : duced the other peculiar changes through which i wines were accustomed to pass. Hence, by the use ! of the microscope, these destructive cryptogams might be discovered and checked Ions before the | damaged condition of the wine» bore testimony to j tlieir existence. He spoke at length on the adul terations to which wines and beers were subjected, and severely animadverted on the baneful practice | of doctoring and fortifying wines for the market, i If they must have wines, let them be wines pro- j perly and honestly manufactured. He had been sorry to see from the report of a meeting of their local Vinegrowers' Association that one of their Judges—a gentleman, he believed, greatly re spected for bis high intelligence and general suavity—had publicly recommended that all their wines should be fortified. He sincerely hoped, if not for the sake of their stomachs, at all events for the sake of their characters, they would reject this advice. He then dwelt upon the various causes of wines being good or bad, and concluded with some physiological reflections. An interesting address j from the Chairman—the Eev. J. Howie—termi nated the proceedings. A number of gentlemen interested in the local Vinegrowers' Association remained after the close of the lecture to see the spores of the yeast-plant exhibited through a powerful microscope, and to ask a variety of questions on the subject of the lecture, the answers to which appeared to give general satisfaction. QiTEEJfSTOWir.—An interesting lecture, on the | "Philosophy of Light and the Solar Spectrum," was delivered in Air. Leslie's Schoolroom, Queens- j town, on Tuesday evening, November 29, by the Eev. J. Alaughan. There was a fair attendance, and Air. J. Neil occupied the chair; and in a few j appropriate remarks introduced the rev. lecturer, directing attention to the interesting nature of the [ subject and Mr Maughan's competency to deal with it. The Eev. J. Alaughan said he-would first endeaveur to secure the attention of the junior portion of the audience, so as to make them under stand the very interesting subject of his lecture; and if he succeeded in that, he was sure that he would have no difficulty with the other portion. He then, in a lucid manner, explained the different J theories that had been propounded as to the nature* of light, gave an: historical resumt! of the various discoveries that had been made on the subject, ex plained the mode of measuring the velocity of light, dwelt at length on the heat, colour, actinism, and j electricity which every ray contained, and also explained the new and beautiful discoveries by which the lines seen in the spectrum of a ray of light formed themselves into an alphabet by which to tell the world of what the sun and stars were made. The rev. lecturer illustrated his remarks with a variety of large aud beautiful diagrams, and the lecture was listened to throughout with the deepest attention. Air. TTing, of Port Ade laide, moved a vote of thanks to the rev. lecturer; and he remarked that he felt sure that if Air. Alaughan favoured Queenstown with another of m>«fc&tuig; lectures lie would nave a inucn. larger audience, as such subjects must be beard before they were appreciated. Mr. J. N. Wills seconded the motion, which was carried; after which a rote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Leslie for having made arrangements for the lecture, and a similar compliment to the Chairman brought the proceedings to a close. Gawler Young Men's Christian Associa tion.—A correspondent sends us the following;— " Many young men'in Gawler are indebted to the Bey. J. Gordon for the interest he has taken in their welfare and the liberal manner in which he treated them in allowing members of other congre gations to join the yonng men of his own until such time as arrangements shonld be made at their own places of worship, for their special training.. On the arrival of the Bev. C. J. Evans a deputation of yonngmen waited uponhim to know whether he would preside over them if they were formed into a Mutual Improvement Society. A favourable answer being given, steps were ..taken to organize at once, and the work was commenced with some spirit-and a good prospect of success. Thereupon the Wesleyans caught the spirit of the new movement, and they also took steps to form a Society. It was then thought that this threefold brotherhood, having one intent, might act 'upon the principle of co-operation without incorpora tion, and the three ministers, acting with one or two others, arranged for a meeting of the three. Societies to discuss plans for future action, and frame a constitution and general rules by which all should be guided. The meeting was held in the Scotch Church, and it was agreed with one accord to act in concert as one united Society for general purposes, and separately as branches for their own special work. Agreeably to the decision of that meeting, the closing of- the term last week was made the occasion of a general gathering at the Wesleyan Chapel, when most of the young men and some of their friends were present. Mr. 4L Scown-made a statement of pre liminary proceedings, and Mr. J. T. J Williams read the constitution and rules as adopted at the general meeting, and after singing and prayer by the Bev. C. J. Evans, the Bev. J. Gordon de livered a warm and glowing address on 'The History and Progress of Young Men's Christian Associations,' during which he read some apt and stirring extracts from speeches delivered by several of tile leading men in Enjd^d on similar occasions to the one that had brought them together. The Bev. C. J. Evans dwelt for some time In an earnest -and discriminating manner on 'The books we should read,' urging the necessity of mastering a few good ones, rather than having a superficial knowledge of many. The Bev. B. Flockart's topic was 'The habits we should form,' selecting seven' of the most cardinal and useful habits for young men who wish to .exceL. He dwelt upon each with a warmth which showed the deep interest he felt in the welfare of those he addressed. The meeting, was pervaded by deep earnestness and harmony, and is likely to produce lasting results." CnT Qqbpobation.—A meeting of Urn Mnni cipal Councll'topk place on Monday, November 28. His Worship the Mayor and six.Counrillois were present. A considerable amount of business was disposed of. An application was made by H. and J.' Powell for the sum of £25, being the alleged loss which they had sustained through the action of the Council in laying an information against than. The letter conveying the application was ordered to be received. It was derided to empower Ufa Worship the Mayor to appoint Deputy Re turning Officers to act at the forthcoming Muni cipal elections. Works of Art.—A large collection of Italian statuary and other works of art, imported by Signor Colombo, was exhibited in White's As sembly Booms, and sold by auction by Messrs. Parr & Luxmoore. on Wednesday. Family Tickets fob the Baths.—At the meeting of the Adelaide Corporation on Monday, November 28, the . following scale of charges for family tickets for the Baths was . approved:—For one person (as at present), X4 per annum; for two, £CIQs.; for three, £8103.; for four or more, £10. The Crops.—The wheat harvest has commenced in the direction of Fort .Gawler, and is likely to become general on the plains in a few days. . Population.-—The number of passengers re ported at Port Adelaide for the week ended 26th November were—Inwards—Men, 56; women, 11; boys, 2; girls, 2. 'Outwards—Men, 49; women, 22; boys, 6; girls, 6. The Illustrated Sydney News.—The sixth number of this monthly pictorial newspaper has a hopeful article on its position and prospects. The circulation from the commencement is given at —No. 1. 7,500; No. 2, 6,600; No. 3,6.200; No. 4, 6,560; No. 5,7,000. Amongst the illustrations are a sketch of the attempted escape of prisoners from Darlinghurst Gaol, a view of Twofold Bay, an Australian "Camping Out," a view of Bockhamp ton, a seen# on the Murray, and a view of St, James's Church, Sydney. This number also con tains a Christinas Hymn, composed for, and dedicated to, the children attending public school; in New South "Wales. Paibikg Off.—In the Assembly on Tuesday Mr. Duffield (against) paired off with Mr. Townsend (tor) on Air. Glyde's motion. AGRICULTURAL AND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY.— The monthly meeting of the Committee of the above Society took place at the Norfolk Arms, on Friday morning. Air. A. B. Alurray presided, and about a dozen other members were present. The first business brought forward waB the protest lodged by Messrs. H. H. Bickford and F. B. Hunt against a horse of Mr. Smith's, which it was alleged should not have been entered in the two year-old class, through being over age. In reply to Mr. Hunt, who stated that he had brought the protest forward solely on public grounds, ihe Secretary stated that the certificates of the horses' ages had not been given in at the last shows. The rules only necessitated the production of the pedigrees; but the Judges were authorized to examine tbe horses to ascertain their ages, and their decision was final. Mr. Hunt objected to the possession of such power by the Judges; and having given with great minuteness his reasons for believing that the horse in question was over two years old. said the matter was of great im portance, for if three-year-old English horses were allowed to enter along with two-ycar- olda | bred in the colony, South Australia would have no chance. From what he had heard, he believed the maintenance of a course which would render such competition possible would cause many to withdraw from the Society. Air. Smith stated his belief that the horse was eligible for entry among the two year-olds, but remarked that he had sent home for his pe'digree and age. Mr. McEwin moved that the final decision of the question be deferred until Mr. Smith has received a certificate of his horse's age from Scotland. As an amendment to this, it was moved by Mr. P. Camming that the decision of the Judges be upheld, and that the prize be awarded to Mr. Smith. Both propositions were withdrawn, Mr. Hunt agreeing to withdraw ilia protest on the understanding that Mr. Smith should apprise the Committee of the result of hia enquiries as to the age of the animal. Mr. McEwin then brought forward the question of the agricul tural schedules which had been sent out by the Society to the various farmers. He stated that he had examined the returns sent in, and he was dis posed to think that the report of the Committee embodied the best suggestions which could be ex tracted from them as to the causes, &c.;, of rust in wheat. He gave it as his opinion that the alka line matter contained in burnt ashes would assist in reducing the rust He gave an illustration of the benefit which had accrued from miviwy woodashes with pickled wheat, and expressed his opinion that land prepared with nitrate of soda as a top dressing, and with wood ashes, would be found greatly to assist in diminishing this farmers' pest Mr. W. Thompson, said the discovery of a remedy for tha blight would be an incalculable boon to tha farmers. He suggested that the Society should procure an experimental chemist. Some discussion took place, during which Mr. A. Bell observed that woodashes would be valueless unless they fciiu-d the grub. In reply to this, Mr. McEwin remarked that practical persons had recommended tbe appli cation of woodashes to destroy the wireworm, and he doubted not but it. would be found efficacious against the grub. In reply to Mr. Frame, the Secretary stated that a list of names of subscribers had been. prepared, but not published as yet, as some difficulty bad arisen with regard to the report which was to accompany the list. Subjoined is a list of gentlemen ap pointed as a Committee to revise the next prize list:—Agriculture—Messrs. "W. Thompson, A. Bell, and J. Cobbledick. Horticulture—Messrs G. AIcEwin, Geo. Smith, and W. Backett. Im plements—Messrs. Jas. Martin, J. Mellor, and W. W. Tuxford. General—Messrs. W. Ferguson, K. Milne, and John Smith. Hr. Hatchett wac nominated convener, and the 16th December was fixed upon as the day for the Committee to meet. Committee adjourned. The City Council's Aire web to Chabgbs.— We are requested to publish the following erratum : —In the advertisement published In the Observer ot Saturday. November 26, instead of the words in the fifth paragraph, "he desired a second infor mation to be laid this time against the shop keeper's assistant, hut the Council refused to allowthe officer to do so," it should read as follows: —"It was suggested!or a second information to be laid, this time against the shopkeepers , assistant, which was done, but thie Council refused to allow the officer to proceed further in the matter," New Tbopical Plant.—We have. seen the section of a plant obtained from Tropical Australia to which the name of Mackinlayainacrosciadeai has beengiven by Dr. Mueller, out of compliment to McKinlay, the explorer. .. . Bailwat Traffic.—The traffic on the South. Australian fiailwayB for the week ended 26th November, was—Port Line—Passengers. 4,831; fares, £231 17s. 3d.; goods receipts, £4667s. Id. North line—Passengers, 1,288 ; fares, £411 05. 2d.; goods receipts, £33ll6s. Customs Eeckepis.—The Customs receipts fee the week ended 26th November amounted-to £2,958 5s. 4d. Bible Practice.—The firing on the Adelaide Bange is to be discontinued during the erection of new butts. ; Colonial Mancfactubes.—We bad an oppor tunity on Thursday of inspecting an organ, manufactured by Mr. J. W. Woolf, of Wakefield street, for the Wesleyan Chapel, Port Wallaroo. It is not only a very good specimen of cabinet work, but the mechanism possesses some pecu liarities indicative .of the ingenious resources of the manufacturer. The instrument combines within itself the principal features of the organ and hatm>ninm, the tones being produced both born pipes and reeds; and by a peculiar device Mr. Woolf has Bucceeded in givicgto the performer the poweT. ad libitum, of bringihg the'harmohiuin action into play in connectionwith that of the organ simply by the pressure upon the keys. There are six Stops, a knee swell, mid several pecu liarities in the' mechanism besidesthose indicated above.. - .'".-J ' ■ Mosquito Plains.—The Border TEofekinforms us that the weather at Mosquito Plains has been favourable for the hay harvest, and tbat the grain crops are looking particularly welL: Therehawa been some cases, happily .not -fatal, of scarlatina; A fire broke.out lately on the fiTarracoorte Bun. but was soon got under." " " ' '' Ckbbal Expohts —The expert of wheat,~flonr, and grain bom Port Adelaide and .the outports daring the-week ended 26th Hovember.-were:— Wheat;. 623 quarters; flour, lfil tons; barley, 73 qrs.; bran mid pollard; 15 tonS; oats,75 qrs. ' " South Australian JoctkitOlub.—Thebootk of the Grand Stand, and the site of the six booths to be occupied during the summer meeting of the South Australian^ Jockey Club,, were. pet. UP" to auction at the Globe Inn on Thursday afternoon. Mr. George Aldridge Succeeded in obtaining the Grand Stand booth- for 435. Ho. 1" booth jwaa sold to Mr. Scliirmer for £12; No. 2 booth, Mr. Hipwortb, £10; Ho. 3 booth, 'Mrs. Byah,£9l0s.: and No. 4 booth, Mr: Sogers. The others were withdrawn. -The holders of the above, booths ate also entitled to occupation on December 24, the dayfixed upon for toe'Amateur" Hurdle Rices. Swuonsc Match.—Arrangements have beat made for a swimming match between Edward Holtenins -and Philip Bastard, twoyqutos imdee 14 years of age. The match will .come off to day, -at the City Baths,' and thewinnerwill bit entitled to receive a guinea. The Oldest Stage Coach.—The speed at which toe coaches travelled" was a great marvel at that time: In 1700 York .was a' week distant bom the metropolis. Between Jjondon and Edin burgh, even so late as 1763, a fortnight wbs con sumed, the coach .only starting once a month. The intermediate Sunday was quietly spent at Borough Bridge, in Yorkshire, as much for the sake of relief to exhausted nature as.from motives, of piety. The first vehicle which' plied between Edinburgh -and Glasgow -was started in 1749' .It was called."The Edinburgh and .Glasgow caiu* van," and performed the journey of '41 miles in two days. "Ten years after, another vehicle was started, and called "The Fly," became it con trived to perform the same journey in a'day and a half. Latterly, it tookthe dayhght of one day.. It is a perfectly authentic anecdote that, about 1780, a gentleman, anxious to make favour with a young lady, learning that shewas to .travel bom Glasgow to Edinburgh, on a particular day, "took the whole remaining inside-seats, had her allto himself of conrse, and succeeded in winning her as his -wife. Mr.' Smiles tells us 'that during toe last century the Fly coach from London to Exeter stopped at the latter place the fifth night from town; the coach proceeded next .morning to Axminster : and there a.woman barber "shaved the coach- ' The fact whs that, on any of the roads, toe difference of-half a day, or even a day, was a small matter. Time was of less consequence than safety. The coaches wereadvertised to start "God wiliing," or about such and such an hour as shall seem good to toe majority of toe passen gers. Thoresby tells us that he was even accus tomed to leave toe coach <on the Journey from London to York) and go in search of fossil shells in toe fields, 'on either side of toe road, while: making,toe journey between these two places. Whether or not the coach was to stop at some favourite inn was determined, in most cases, by s vote of the passengers, who would generally ap point a chairman at toe beginning of the journey. Under Such circumstances, we cannot wonder that disputes, especially about stopping at wayside inns, should be of frequent occurrence. Derhaps the driver- had a pecuniary interest in some par ticular posting-house, and would.exert an in fluence, sometimes tyrannical.toobtaintheconsent of the passengers to a place of his choosing. In 1760; an action.was tried before the Conrt of King's Bench to recover damages, on the plea that, daring a stage coach journey, the.driver wished to compel the passengers to dine.at some low inn on the road.' They preferred to walk on to a respectable innat some little distance, and desired toe driver to call for them, as he must pass the place. Instead of doing so, he drove past the inn at full speed, leaving them to get up to London as they best could. The jurv found fortbepasaeagers in £20 damages. On another occasion a dispute arose, which resulted in a quarrel between the good and"» passenger, toe coach stopping to see toe two fight it out on toe wredt—GAavibtrt'a Book of Days. " Pray, madam, what da you charge for re-covering an umbrella?" said Michael 0"Flaherty« from Tipperary, toe other day, walking into an umbrella shop. "Let me see it," was the reply. " Oh, faith! and that's just what I want to do, for ! I have lost cap, and I see you offer to recover , them at a very small charge, so I was just thinking 11 would get you to recover mine," 