AX AA'OXYMOUS SLANDERER 1 Certain anonymous circulars having been distributed about Lauuceston, und perhnps elsewhere, by a person who is known, ascribing to a popular Citizen, nctions of an infamous cha racter, in Melbourne, during the years 1851 — 55 — 50 — Jimi 57, anil in order to make them bear the semblance of truth giving particular dates, hit is Compelled : to state, for the inf'uMiMtion of p irties I wlio tony liavp lii'wi ti'H.irfiil to tin's dose of slander, tinr. be u'ns nut in Victoria I during the p'i-io.1 specified in those I assnssinuiinir docii'iients, having- been engaged in btisiiifas, at Holuirt Town, from 1851 to 1857, which enn be abundantly proved ; since which puriod he has resided in Launceston. This statement, he is awnre, is scarcely rjecessnry to those into whose hands the anonymous slanders mny full, because few, unless they possess minds similarly constituted to those of the cowardly detractor, would give any credence to malicious statements made in such a way. That it shuuld be necessary at ali, is truly lamentable, far to how low R state must ive have fiillen, when we find that there are per- i mitted to exist amongst us, ruffians, whnji'. conduct, and complexion, prove tliif 'they would perpetrate any enor mity, but for fear of being (bund out nnd receiving condign punishment 1 The wretch whose mind could conceive— I whose education could enable him to pen — and whose disposition could incite him to disseminate,— rancorous matter like that comprehended in the anony mous letter that is before us, (nnd which we will ivilling-ly show to any person who will call at our ofticc to see it)— would no more hesitate to shoot from behind n hed^e, or murder iritli secret poison, the individual lie has with mnlice aforethought premedi tated to injure by the villainous means he has resorted to, —than he would to eat his dinner, but fur fear of that inevitible judgment, which always follows, like his shadow, the assassin and murderer. Compared to him I lie 11 li.-ast' spoken of in iluiniet by the Ghost ns one who : ,,~^' -1'!011 lny secure hirar. stifle With juice of cursed fiebeiuin in a phial, And in the porches of mine ear did pour The lepoums distilinent,' was indeed morn like a man ; For he had the courage to curry out what his black soul devisuJ. ' An imonviuoiis letter containing scandal,' writes a ' celebrated essayist,' is a inoile of moral murder, which umii£ only a | un for a |-unia!--!, and on inkstand fur a bowl, poisons conliilenctf, and stabs ulmrnctKr without fear of detection.' That we should buve eiliicuted men amongst, us dastardly nnd in«in pnuiigli to enip! iy such w«ii]ions, is indeed sadly to be deplored. 