MONDAY, MAT 23, 1881 -* With Professor GOLDWIN SMITH for its philosopher, Mr. JOHN BRIGHT for its orator, and Mr. L. L. SMITH for its colonial agent and medium, the new party of agrarian reformers has started into a sudden and vigorous life. The world cannot pretend to be any longer in ignorance of the scope and objects of the new evangel. If, with a timidity characteristic of such philanthropists, it is slow to tell us what to do to be saved, it is eager to proclaim our utter damna- tion. It is a gospel of despair—a pro- phesy in which there is nothing but woe. The world is out of joint, cries the Oxford professor, because England is ruled by PALMERSTON ; because the Danes are befriended by Englishmen ; because the colonies will not rebel ; and because Ireland will not be well go- verned. The theme is repeated, with variations, by the Manchester doma gogue. We are all going to the bad because fathers will leave their estates to their eldest sons ; because agri- cultural labourers are not landed pro- prietors ; and because the Press is directed by anonymous gentlemen, who partake of the hospitalities of the governing classes. Mr. L. L. SMITH, the Australian dis- ciple of this school, is a very promising pupil. It is probable that his masters would discard this humble follower of STUART MILL and of SISMONDI; but, in his way, Mr. SMITH is only giving concrete form and practical shape to some of the theories of the Manchester dema- gogues. The gulf which separates the two SMITHS is, in fact, only the distance between Oxford and Nunawading. To the member for South Bourke belongs, at least, the credit of boldly grappling with the fell demon, whom Mr. BRIGHT and his namesake are content to anathematize at a distance. To him, property is not only a moral evil—it is a physical disease People commit suicide under the burden of too much property. It is clearly oui of those maladies which fall within thi scope of Mr. L. L. SMITH'S art. Tin assistance he proffers us is, therefore rather of a professional than of a poli tical kind. He would deal with th owners of property strictly aooording t the principles of the great Vegetable physic. He would purge them of their excess,reduce their over-proud condition, and relieve them of their humours. He would clap on twenty per cent, by way of blister, in tho worst cases, so that tho landed proprietors should go hang themselves no more out of very despair at their excessive riches. By a vigorous , course of this treatment Mr. SMITH hopes to establish, in time, a radical cure of this fell malady-property. ' That every man has a right to a por- tion of the land which is his natural heritage is one of those theories whose fascination over the human mind is irre- sistible. It is difficult for even trained intellects to repel its influence. Of all theories which pertain to the social and political condition of men, there is none which we so tenderly deal with, or so reluctantly reject, when science and ex- perience have proved its fallacy. We need not wonder at the many practical attempts which have been made, in various ages, by good and wise men to carry out the idea of an equal division of property. Nearly all of them, perhaps, have been conceived in the purest spirit of philanthropy. Owenism, Fourierism, Communism, Socialism, Phalansterism — the early Utopia of SOUTHEY and COLE- RIDGE—M.CABET's Nouvelle Icarie—Mr. HAWTHORNE'S more recent attempt on his New England Farm—had all of them some basis of earnest feeling at bottom, which serve to redeem their absurdities, and retain for them a strange interest in the hearts of even those whoso intellect condemned their follies. The equal di- vision of property being founded on the idea of the perfectibility of man him- self, it is no wonder that it should be so long cherished by a certain class of minds. The wish that all men should be equally rich, equally happy, equally contented, is but that yearning after a perfect state which no philosophy can ever entirely stifle. It is, when honestly held and sincerely believed in, the most respectable of all delusions. But while the theory, as one of bene- volence, is entitled to all possible respect, it assumes quite another shape when it comes before us merely as a political cry—as an instrument of factious agita- tion, and for stirring up class against class. In the mouth of a demagogue like Mr. BRIGHT, whose character and career do not indicate that he is in the possession of any extraordinary spirit of benevolence—who, on some questions, absolutely ignores all such mere senti- mental considerations, and professes to abide by the hard rules of logical science —who is for putting down all armaments simply because it is cheaper to pay an enemy to keep away than to resist him —who in his foreign policy would ab- solutely deny that we have any duty but that which is founded on selfishness— who cried, " Perish Savoy ! " when the EMPEROR perpetrated the last of his larcenies—the talk about the unequal division of property means something quite other than what it meant to ROUSSEAU, in his philosophy, or to BACON or MORE in his romance. The essence of Mr. BRIGHT'S doctrines is, in reality, not that all men are equal, but that they are different. The believers in human perfectibility suppose that all should be equally vir- tuous and equally wise; but, in Mr. BRIGHT'S scheme, the virtue and the wisdom are all on one side. He is hardly prepared to admit that a landed proprietor can under any circumstances be the equal of a Manchester artizan. As to his plan of redressing the wrongs which he is perpetually deploring, it is one, reduced to its simple elements, of singular tenuity and vagueness. Being challenged broadly to declare what were the means through which he was prepared to redress the grievances of the labourer, he has hitherto been able to tell us of nothing but a measure for facilitating the transfer of landed pro- perty. Ostensibly this is all that Mr. BRIGHT is prepared to recommend as a cure for the evils of excessive property. The political franchise is sought by him for the labouring classes, in order that they might be able to achieve this, the great charter of the working-man—a reform in the law of transfer of real pro- perty ! The artizan who has any landed am- bitions may well be disappointed at this impotent conclusion. He may fairly ask himself whether it was for this that he gave his voice io the great friend of the people—for this that he attended his meetings, and cheered his orations. No charlatan at a village fair ever sold a more worthless bauble with a grander air. To tell us that excessive accumu- lations of landed property in a few hands is a great evil, and yet to recom- mend nothing else by way of remedy than that we should simplify the law of transfer, is as though we should provide ourselves with a mint, in order that every man's pocket might be full of sovereigns. We might as well expect to make a man a good runner by making an easy road for him. To those who want the wherewithal to purchase, it is but a poor satisfaction to be told that hard by there is an excel- lent shop, full of cheap goods ; and HODGE, who is invited to look over his lordship's fence, and to take his fill of the sin of covetousness, will probably scratch his head, and wonder how he is to do it through a law for the more easy transfer of real property. The fallacy which underlies all the theories of the agrarian reformers is, in supposing that the possession of land is the one thing necessary, to complete the happiness, to improve the condition, and to elevate the political status of the working man. This theory has been favoured even by some of those who profess to treat of these subjects by tho rules of science. But political econo- mists are, perhaps, specially prone to error on this one subject of the distri- bution of land. Very few of them are in the position of landed proprietors themselves; and they have naturally come to attach an undue importance to such a privilege. In practice, we know that, in England at least, land is by no means the most desirable of properties to the working man. Supposing that all tho obstacles were removed from his path that the transfer of a piece of land were made as easy as the transfer of a watch or a coat—is it to be supposed that lands would necessarily be transferred and change their owners ? The road is made easy not only for the poor man but the capitalist; and how shall we pre- vent competition, or keep down the natural demand' ? Land, as we all know, is an article of excessive price in Eng- land at the present day. The average return which it yields to the buyer is not more than three per cent, on the purchase-money. It is thus oner of the least profitable of investments. The labourer who should spend his savings in the purchase of real estate, would, in fact, debar himself of at least half the interest which he can get for his money, if employed in other ways. And those who recommend him to buy land, are, in fact, his worst enemies ; for they ask him to give up, for the gratification of what is at heart a shallow vanity, the position which he might make for himself in other ways by tho use of his money. There is, in fact, but one natural mode of providing for the English labourer who desires to be a landed pro- prietor—let him emigrate. There are new countries which can offer him what none of his pretended friends can give him at home. The excessive accumula- tion of wealth in England ought not to be a matter of complaint in the colonies, seeing that but for this cause we should never be populated. Regarded, not from the narrow point of view of the political agitator, but in the broad light of the world's economy, that which the dema- gogue rails at as a grievance in the mother-country, is, for the working-man, an excellent and wonderful provision. It must be that, in a country like Eugland —the great world's market—the centre of wealth and of industry—excessive riches should be accompanied with extreme poverty. It is the condition inseparable from our material greatness, and which is certainly no peculiar reproach on England. In this country, if we knew our true policy, we should deem it the height of madness to make laws against property—to re- move from us that which is tho main incentive to industry, and to de- stroy the chief hope of labour. While there is the same and an equal road to all—while there are no factitious dis- tinctions of class—no privileged path to wealth or distinction—to oppress pro- perty is but to lop off the highest rounds of the ladder—to make the way more difficult and tho goal more uncertain. If the juxtaposition of two incon- gruous ideas is the essence of wit, then is Mr. JENHER'S name at the head of a refoim league the wittiest thing that has been perpetrated in Victoria for many a year. That a member of the Upper House should preside over an associa- tion pledged to progress, is of itself an anomaly that confounds the be- liever "in the eternal fitness of things ; but when that member happens to be Mr. JENNER, the climax is reached, and all sense of the becoming fairly outraged. To be sure, a little in- vestigation into the character and ob- jects of the so-called Reform League helps to console us to the situa- tion allotted to its president. Reform is one of those words that have two meanings-a literal or etymological one, and a political or non-natural one. In the one sense, its prominent significance is that of improvement and advance ; in the other, it may imply simply retrogres- sion. We need not say in what sense it is to be accepted in a programme which is surmounted by the name of Mr. JENNEK, M.L.C. When protection is the cardinal reform, the value of the word is at once explained, and the suitability of Mr. JENNER'S position ac- knowledged. All incongruity is at an end, and the dramatic unities aro vindicated. But our main object in referring to the play-bill, was not so much with the sub- ject-matter as the characters of the piece. The first thing that strikes us as decidedly provocative of comment is the inade- quacy of the cast to the magnitude of the occasion. We are afraid that if Mr. JENNER looks for support from the names he has associated with himself, the play will never get beyond the an- nouncement. In passing the company in review, we are forcibly reminded of the criticism of Mr. TUPMAN'S friend at the Kentish Ball. "Names-no " names at all-wont do-not known " very good names in their way, but not " great ones-capital names for a small " party, but wont make an impression " in public." But though this will be probably the popular estimate of Mr. JENNER'S colleagues, it is but fair to say that there is a principle imdeilying his selection. Not, unless we had been specially informed of his method, could we by any ingenuity have conceived it ; but we aro enabled to state, for the information of those whom it may con- cern, that in tho formation of the League it has been the effort of its president an effort that he has been completely suc- cessful in-to exclude any one having a political reputation. " The object of the " association is not a political one, and " we do not want any politicians con " nected with it." What the ground of exclusion is, or why the exclusion should be a recommendation to the object of the association, we are not told.. Doubtless thero is a subtle purpose, but. it passes our scrutiny. We know that those who are most learned in ceremonies j are not î^ways best behaved-that the i deepest read in creeds and sciiptures are notthereforethemost religious-that law- yers are not noted for thoir probity, and, if Dean SWIFT says truly, that courtiers are without a tincture of good manners ; by a parity of reasoning, can it be that Mr. JENNER has arrived at the conclu 'sion, that politicians as a class, in Victoria, know least about politics that a. revolution in the polity of the state should bo, conducted as much as possible aAA'ay from the intervention of its professional statesmen? If this is the principle on which Mr. JENNER, bases his qualifications for a reformer, i all we can say'is, that Ave hope he will be egotistic enough to consider, himself very much within the range of its opara ' tion, and apply to the president of the League the same standard ho has ap- plied to the excommunicated. It is a common failing in great minds to value themselves most for Avhat is least valuable in them. RICHELIEU was specially proud of bia powers rta a P-Qefy and NEWTON used to lay great stress on his divinity. We do not know what spe- cial inspiration Mr. JENNER hits received to rovive the discussion of fallacies that have been exploded over and over again, hut it is really a serious matter if this ceremony of raising the ghost of pro- tection for the sake of seeing it laid again, is to inaugurate every election. Has Mr. JENNER discovered any new arguments, and, if he has not, does he imagine that any practical good is to be got in answering arguments that can carry conviction to no Jiving creature out of Geelong ? Protection is dead ; can he hope to resuscitate it Ï There is a tribe of Indians Avho make the corpses of their relatives stand erect, and put food into their mouths ! Does any such fond delusion play upon the feel- ings of Mr. JENNER 1 What is the use of asking the public to employ BURKE'S metaphor, to wasto their time in gibbet- ing a carcase ! It would bo curious and instructive to ascertain the distinc- tive reasons of Mr. JENNER for this per- sistent apotheosis of an expired abuse, or what claims he has to put himself forward as high-priest in the matter. Wo cannot conceive Avhy he should feel it in- cumbent on him periodically to com- mence an agitation that can only end in the exhaustion of the operators. If he wishes to malee his calling and election suie, there are other and less pain- ful means at hand. Let the dead bury the dead. Such devotion as his would be more profitably transferred to the living ! To-moirosv, being the Queen's birthday, will be observed as a holiday, excepting by Pailiament. His Excellency holds a levee, as Uiiial, in the Exhibition-building. Both Houses of Parliament meet this after- noon, at the uBual hours. In the Council, Mi. Hull will ask the Commissioner of Public Works whether ho intends proceoiliug with the paid Naval and Military Forces Bill in committee; and, if not, what the effect .will be upon the defence scheme. First amongst tho orders of the day is the further considera- tion in committee of the Licensed Publicans Act; and there is likely to be Bomo discussion, over the more important clauses of the bill. The second readings of the Maniana Laws Consolidation Bill und Wills Lasvs Consolida- tion Bill follosv, and the âuoption of the re- ports on the Dog Act Amendment Bill, and tho Justices Lasvs Consolidation Bill, com- plete the business list. For the Assembly, the list of business is a long one. Mr. Francis will move that tho House go iuto committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the following resolutions':-"I. That the es- tablishment in Victoria of a branch of the Itojal mint would be beneficial totbe mining community and advantageous to the state. 2\. That inasmuch as the Treasury minuta of 6th November, 1800, states that ' There are no grounds upon svhich lier Majesty's Gro Tirnment could refuse compliance svith an application for the establishment of a mint at Melbourne, subject to the same limita- tions as the mint at Sydney,' it is desira- ble to conform to such limitations and icne-sv the applications formerly made te the Imperial Government." Amongst the oiders of the day (Government business), a number of consolidation bills will be read a se- cond time, the ropoit on the Trade Marks Bill is to be adopted, and the Post-office Lasvs Con- solidation and Amendment Bill has arrivée al the same stage. Tile amendments of the Council on the Ktal Property Act Amendment Bill are to be taken into consideration, and the Mining Bill is to ba further considered ii comniitteo. The gcueral business includes i number of moro or lesa important notices o luoiion. Mr. Woods has a motion foi nu addrets to the Governor, prayin¡ iltat £6,000 may be placed on an addi titmal estimate for 1861, to be given as ( lenard to the first company or individual dis covering the existence of an artesian streau of permanence and cupacity in Victoria while Mr. Levoy will inovo for a return o tho expense incurred by the Crown in th . casa of the Dyring?. Mr. M'Cann's notica o motion for an address to the Governor, pray ing that the sum of £30,00J may'b3 placed oi an additional estimate for ihu repair of work; in country disiiicts damaged by the floodf retains its place upon the paper. There ar tight orders of the day amongst the genera business, and if titno permits, one or two o them may be dealt with. Mr. Macgregor w11 most likely endeavour to secure the adoptioi of the ? report un his Electoral Act (180S Amendment Bill. Notwithstanding tho amount of time spen by our lugitlators in profitless discussion, th mt result of liiBt sveekV labours is Bomewha formidable. The amendments made by th Legislative Assembly io the Industrial an Eeformatory Schooh) Bill have been assente to by the Legislative Council, and the met suie )JOSV awaits the Koyal assent. Of twelv additional consolidation hills, about ha ha\c patsed tho Legislative Assembly, an some of them have found their way to tb Upper House. The Legislative Council hav agreed to the Pensions Bill and the Weigh! and Measures Act Amendment Bill ; have rea the Publicans Bill and the Dog Act Amené nient Bill a second time; aud have pr< nounced, in an indirect manner, against th Paid Naval and Military Forces Bill. Ti Legislative Assembly have agreed to ti Limited Liability Companies Bill ; have ca: lied through committee the Post-office Li Consolidation and Amendment Bill, tho Ela toial Act Amendment Bill, the Merchandii Waiks Bill, and the Hospitals Bill; and ha\ passed the second reading of tho Count Courts Administration Bill. Among th other business of the Lower House may I mentioned the adoption in committee of son ally more clauses of the Mining Bill; tha ii deduction of Mr. Michie's bill to deal wit the real property of intestates ; and tha brlnj ing down from the Legislative Council of M Mitchell's Land Drainage Bill. Each Houi net four times last week, and the Thursday sitting of the Legislative Assembly was ti lenkest of the session. The launceston Examiner of the 21st instar makes the following report on tho progress < the salmon experiment ;-" On Wodne3da morning there wero about one hundred your salmon ia the ponds at the Elver Plenty, an these aro likely to ba rapidly followed t many moro. Tbo present estimate ia, thi the ova will yield abont twelve thousan salmon. The batching of the trout was con plettd last week, but their number is ni stated. It is addod, however, that the lit« fishes are remarkably healthy, only one oi of the whole number hatched having died." We have received a pamphlet containic an exposition of tho general principles of syetc-m of education, by Jaspar Kern, 0.3 Tbo writer proposes to establish an institi tion which shall unite classical, 6cientifi and general instruction with boosehoi management and industrial teaching, di sighed principally for the benefit of ti children of the up-country residents. I Pursuance of his design, it is tho intention ( the author to socare a sito on Barker's Creel ^îoith Castlemaine, und to cul his colleg ïln'cu ia for both sexes, " The Australasia Normal University of Vauaratta." The pro- spectus of the undertaking is not deficient in promisee, and the scheme of tho projector ap- pears, from the list of name3 attached to it, to have won endorsement in the community. Tho author writes concerning the principles of management of his school of industry, " I purpose that there shall be imparted to the pupils, in addition to every useful technical trade available within reasonable compassi instruction in agriculture, horticulture, and arboriculture ; and In the growth and manage- ment of those articles which, as far as at pre- sent known, promise to be among the chief export productions of the Australias for the next century ; and thus to furnish a basis for nn enrichment of the national proporty, em- bracing the cultivatioa of vines, olives, mul- berries, hops, tobacco, cotton, hemp, and flax ; the production of silk, honey, wax, &a;, toge- ther with trials of any new plants and horbs that may be discovered in the country, or in tioduced into the colonies." It is stated by tho Launceston Examiner that the intercolonial sheep show, which was to be held in Tasmania in tho course of the pre- sent year, will be postponed till 1865, to meet the wishes of floekmasters in Victoria. Three men, named James Benson, James Trainor, and John Forrest, havo been arrested, charged with being concerned in the forging and uttering a cheque for £633 in the name of Callender and Co., on the London Chartered Bank, which was presented on Saturday last. They will be brought before the City Court this morning, when a remand will probably be applied for, that the requisite inquiries may be prosecuted and the necessary evidence collected. The City Council meot to-day, as usual, for the transaction of tho ordinary weekly busi- ness. The notice-piper is a very long one, .comprising tweuty-1'our orders of the day (nmDy of them having been postponed from previous meetings) and three notices of motion. The most important subjepts to bo brought forward aro the acceptance of the tender of Messrs. Leech and Bricknell for the erection of the fish-market, fur the sum of £3,740 3s. ; the appointment of tho archi- tect A»ho drew the design to superin- tend the execution of tho same ; and a pro- posed alteration in the system of paying thocitj solicitor-by salary instead of fees. The diaftof a petition to the Legislative Assem- bly, soliciting that the corporation should be empowered to device and adopt measures for tho efficient nnderground sewerage of the city, will he submitted for adoption. A notice of motion will be brought forward by Councillor Jones, having in view the repression of the use of corrosive sublímate in assay- offices, as Injurious to health ; and one by Councillor Williams, on the subject of requiring licencees of theatres to have fire-plugs fixed in some convenient part of tho buildings for prevent- ing iiccldents by fire. The second day's races, under the manage- ment of the Victoria Racing Club, attracted a large company to the Metropolitan Race- course on Saturday. The principal race oi the day, the Australian Mares' Produce Slakes, fell to tho proAvess of Oriflamme, c chcauut colt hy Boiardo-Tricolour, Avith o pedigree of tho highest character, anc who had previously shown himself a sac cessful runner in tho best company. Thi trotting match between Sir William Dor and Magic ended in the former cominj fiist past the winning-post, but as noithe brought in the overweight declared, the raci Avas declared void. In the Steeplechase, th< veteran Donovan Brown carno out as fresh a ho has ever appeared, and won ono of thi fastest run steeplechnses over seen on th Flemington course; Countess was second and Alice third; the favourite, Tam O'Shantei having fallen soon after starting,.and Happ; jBok having bten attacked with tho "miser ahles"at the Avater jump, which he refusée Almost everybody haile'd with delight Mi Huitle Fishcr'B success in the Australian Our. won by his beautiful English filly Nathalie by Warlock, winner of tho Dononstor SI Leger. The Eports of the day concluded wit] a Hurry Scuiry, won by Dan Robinson, witl Edith Wattletrce. There will be a great sale of blood stock a Kirk's Bazaar this morning and aftornoor Tho lots will comprise several known racer of quality, including Oriflamme, 8 yrs Glenyuille, S yrs ; Saturn, 5 yrs ; Secundui 5 yrsi; and Buzzard, agdd. The Woodlan yearlings will also ho sold, and several othe lots of blood stock, including ten yearlings, b Hermit and Mathematician, reported to b remarkably fine and promising. The jield of gold for the week-as teh graphed to Messrs. William Olaike and Sor on Saturday-obtained by the Hustler's Bei Company was l£8oz ; by the Catherine Uti United Company, 160oz. ; and by the Ne Obum Company, 17oz, A ball takes placo at the new Voluutec Drill-ioom, Williamstown, to-morrow ovenirj -tho Queen's birthday-to celebrate ti opening of the room. Every arrangemer has been made for tho comfort of the visitor and to make the ball n success. Tho built ing just completed is the most spacious dril room in the colony, being 1001't. in length h dOft. bioad, with a gun-shed attached 60ft, h 17ft., for the purpose of teaching the workin of three guns-one, the old 32 poundor, ham spike drill, a C8 pounder, and a ship's dec traversing gun. Tho shed is of iaioienf strength, the flooring b¿ing of three-ino haidwood on btrong ground-plates, a soli mass, fitted with the necessary posts an ring- bolts for securing the gane. The buili ing is covered Avith galvanized iron a round, three ports being left to work ti guns nt. The matorials for the baudin wero the gift of the Government, and latol formed part of the Military Barracks i Spencer-street. The structure was put up i the expense of tho Naval Brigade and Artillei Corps of the town. The council have ah just completed a neAV road to the drill roo i door. Wo are glad to notice that the volui teor spirit appears to he strong .in William toAvn. The following is a return of the prisone under confinement in the Central Gaol c Saturday last ¡-Awaiting trial-Before ti Supreme Court, 13 males; before magistrate 7 males. Under sentence-Of death (recorded 1 male; to road gong, 7 males ; to hard laboli 106 males, 6 females. Detained-For impiistn ment only, 58 males, 63 females ; as lnnatice, males ; in default of hail, 6 moles, 6 female: as debtors, 7 maleB, 1 female. Total, 20a male and 66 females. There was no businoss of any interest wha ever at either the Emotald-hill or Sandridj Police Court on Saturday. Mr. A. J. Duffield's lecture on the " Coi querora of the New World, and thoir Bond men," was delivered on Friday ovenin in tho schoolroom, Moonee Ponds, to laTgo and attentive audience. Mr. Joh Sparkes, J.P., occupied the chair. Ti atrocities perpetrated on the unhappy Peri viona were powerfully portrayed. At ti conclusion of the lecture, a cordial vote < thanks was accorded to the lecturer on ti proposition of the mayor of the borough, M Leake, supported by Mr. E. M'Orackon. . similar compliment WOB paid to the chai man. An interesting boating match took plat on Saturday on the Yarra, the first that hi ever taken plnco between crews compose entirely of members of the civil service. TI Treasury was represented by Messrs. 1 Stephen, stroke ; T. Weigall, No. 3 ; Fösberry, No. 2 ; Kearney, bow ; Cotter, coxswain. The Customs and other departments by Messrs. C. L. Perry, stroke ; Saddler, No. 3 ; Wollas- ton, No. 2; M. AValkor, bow;. Lewis, cox- swain. The course was from the Willows to tbo Ilichmond-punt, and it was gono over in Gmin. 43¡scc. The first-named crew, rowed in the Brunette, and tho other crew in a new gig built by Mr. Greenland, of Richmond. Tho "Customs nnd other departments" won by about two boats' lengths. A number of spectators witnessed the race norn tbo banks and from boats. It appears from the Kyneton papers, that a gentleman who dropped a pocket-book con- taining notes and cheques to tho value of £70, in the middle of Mollison- streot, oppo- site the post-office, was fortunate enough to recover his property not long after. The pocket-book, it appears,, after lying for kali- an hour or so exposed in the street, was picked up hy the telegraph messenger, and re- stored to the owner, on his calling at the post office, as tho last placo at which ho had occa- sion to make us>a of the lost book. The fact that the tempting prize lay so long undis- turbed, is a strong proof of the quietude of Kyneton streets. It would appear that revivalism has taken root in Frankston, but whether with a tem- porary or permanent result remains to be seen. A correspondent, writing from that lo- cality, speaks in hopeful terms of the pro- gress of the "special revival" of four weeks' growth there, and appears satisfied that Frankston has already benefited largely by the improvement which has taken place in the religious views-at least as far as out ward demonstration goes-of the inhabitants of that sea-coast village. A "religious re- vival " may or may not be a good thing for those who come under its influence, and Frankston may or may not have reason here- after to feel satisfied with the results of the change ; but the history of revivalism in other quarters presents a dark as well as a bright side. The opening match of the season of the Melbourne Football Club was played on Sa- turday afterncon, in Richmond paddock. The day was unexceptionably fine, but pro- bably owing to the races, and other attrac- tions elsewhere, the public attendance was not numerous. The contest was intended to have been between the first fourteen players of the club, captained by T. W. Wills, and the next twenty, led by H. C. Harrison, but as there were several of tho more prominent players absent, a number of outsiders were picked in, and the sides altered to seventeen against twenty-three-the leadership of the seventeen being undertaken by R. W. Wardill. The distinguishing badge of Wardill's side was " red," that of Harrison's " blue." After toss- ing for choice of goals, tho "kick-off" was given by the blues, and the fray commenced in real earnest, and continued surging to and fro, with varying success, for rather more than an hour, and in that time two goals were cloverly kicked by Tait for the " reds." As it was appartent that the physical calibre of the "reds" was too heavy for their opponents, some modification was made in the sides, and the game resumed. Another spirited struggle, which was protracted for a considerable time, took place, when a goal was kicked by Ireland for the " blues." The goal was disputed, however, by the "reds," who carried their point. A fourth kick-off was given, and just before dusk Ogilvie was fortunate enough to obtain a goal for the " blues." Wardill mado an effective captain ; and Harrison, by his fleetness and dexterity, was a tower of strength to the somewhat diminutive but agile and determined band under his guidance. Thero wc-ro very feAV cases at the Richmond Polico Court on Saturday. A mau named Catroll was charged with having been found illegally on the premises of a tradesman in Richmond; but us some doubt was enter- tained as to his sanity, he was remanded for seven days, for medical inquiry. The determination of the market gardeners to lid themselves of what they deem the oppressive rates demanded by the Melbourne Corporation for a few hours' use of the Eastern Markot appears to gather strength. The committee met, at the Paddiugton Hotel on Saturday morning, to discuss their future operations. Mr. Thomas Barrett, of Pent- ridge, being appointed chairman, letters Avere read, among which Avas one from the Fitzroy Borough Council, offering to make liberal arrangements for the use of their Bhods. Mr, T. Johnson, of Hawthorn, in explaining Avhal had been done, said he had been busy in com municating with those interested, and he could now state that there was no doubt but that the wholesale buyers would follow the gardeners in their abandonment of tho cor porndon markets. The smaller buyers and " black sheep," ho added, Avould thus b'e soon forced to join in the movement. Amid the applause of his hearers, the speaker nexl enlarged upon the necessity of the gardener; binding themselves to have nothing more to do with the corporation in any shape what over, but at once.to open negotiations with tht Hotham Council to establish a matket in the old cattlo-yards, iu North Melbourne. Ii those failed, then Fitzroy, Richmond, 01 other suburbs, wero open to them. No doubl the present stands must be taken for anothei qunrtor, but after that spring would arrive and whatever the market-gardeners did ther that must the others do. The present oppor tunity was too good to bo loät, for he wai satisfied 100 out of the 17G who had bounc themselves by their signatures to this move ment would bo enough to establish a nev market, and he could safely say that there won not a dozen men out of the nuabor inclinée to draAv back. Tho dirty practices of the cor poration during the past nine or ten years and tho utter failure of their promise of reduction mado tAVO years since, plainly showed what thero was to expect un less a decided course were taken. Mr P. W. Norris,' of Heidelberg, then pro posed a resolution, which, however, Avas Avith draAyn, nftet'some discussion; and upon thi motion of Mr. JohuBon, seconded by Mr MurdcchJ'it was agreed that Messrs. Barrett Clinch, Cole, Woodinason, and Johnson forn a deputation to make arrangements Avith thi Hotham Council, and report to a futun meeting. A meeting of tho friends of tho Ladies (C)ty Mission will be held this afternoon, ir 41io Mechanics' Institute. The object is ti place the institution on a sounder and more prosperous basis. A meeting of teachers, for tho purpose o considering the proposed rules of thi Teachers' Association, was hold, in th Mecbani cs' Institute, on Saturday. The draf rules having been read, the further considera tion of them wa3 postponed till the followiuj Saturday, The meeting then proceeded te cous'dor what course should he adopted ir reference to the oppressivo nature of thi statutory declaration required from thom monthly before payment of salaries, when ii Avas agreed that a memorial should be pre sented to the Board of Education on the subject. AVe learn that an accldont of a serlou: character happened to a man namod Wil Hams, in charge of tho points near tho sema phore, on the Sandhurst line, late on Frida: night. Itappearsthatas the quarter pastolovei p.m. train was slowly approaching the statior Williams, in shifting from one line of rails te another, got in front of the euchre, when the ironwork caught him on the head, inflicting a severe scalp wound and knocking him dosvn. Ho fell outwards, and in such a way that his feet remained under the wheels, which in passing over thom crushed the left foot off, a little below the ancle, and did some injury also to the right foot. Tho unfortunate follow was removed to his tent immediately, and medical assistance procured. Ho syas then taken to the hospital, where ho remains in a very precarious condition. Williams is a married man, without children. This is tho second railway accident by which he has been a sufferer. While in the employment of Cornish and Bruce, at Taradale, about three years ago, he was eo injured by a passing train as to lose his right arm. It is the intention, we believe, of Mr. Robert Byrne, auctioneer, to offer himself as a candi- date for the representation of Sandridge at the forthcoming election. Mr. Byrne svus for some time a member of the municipal coun- cil. By the steamship Alexandra, which arrived on Saturduy, en rcule for Adelaide and King George's Sound, wo have our Sydney files to the ISth inst. By tho City of Hobart sve have a copy of the Dunedin News of the 10th inst. From Adelaide, by tho Edina, wo have files to the 18th inst. In reference to the time fixed for tho fourth meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association, the Sydney Morning Herald expresses surprise that the precedent established in 1862, and observed until now, has not again been fol- lowed. The Herald thinks that many of the Sjdney riflemen will regard the change as having been brought about by our want of success at past meetings. That journal is, however, sanguine that the meeting will be a success, especially if a party of South Aus- tralians, six in numbsr, come to Melbourne, to shoot a match with a similar numbsr from New South Wales after the association matches are over. This evening an amateur concert and ball will take place at the Manchester Unity Hall, SsvanBton-street, for the benefit of the Mel- bourne Hospital. The performers at the concert svill consist entirely of mombers of the order. . We are informed by telegram from Sydney, that Gardiner has been tried on a charge of shooting at a policeman, and has been ac- quitted. He svas remanded, however, to answer other charges. The Panama mall loute is likely to receive a trial. Tho province of Canterbury has stepped fonvaid,in the moat spirited manner, to guarantee the subsidy required by the com- pany for the service. The province cannot, hosvevcr, guaiantee to the company tho monopoly which they wish to possess. By the steamship Black Swan, which has made her first voyage alter her recent exten Eive repairs, we have our liles from Hobart Town to the 20th and Launceston to the 21st instant. The Mercury says :-" Advices have been received from the Colonial Office, by the Venerable the Archdeacon, to the effect that the appointment of a Bishop of Tasmania had not been confirmed up to the timo of the departure of tho mail. It was, however, confidently expected that the appointment would bo made in time to be notified by the next mail." The Daylesford Mercury, of Friday, thus describes a geological map of the country surrounding Mount Franklin, which has just been completed by Mr. Krause, of the mining surveyor's office :.- The map shows the geological features of the country from the dry diggings on the one hand, to the township of Franklinford on the other. The courses of the Jim Crow, Little Jim Crow, Soda and Long Gully Creeks are clearly defined, and the suposed course of the leads is indicated. The upper volcanic, Silurian, alluvial, and post-plloceno formations are shown. The basaltic area is very large. The claims of several companies are within the area, including the Shakspeare, Franklin, Gippsland, and New Year Companies. The greater portion of the land is owned by Mr. E. S. Parker, J.P., and is attracting considerable attention amolng the mining community." Speaking of the representative of North Gipps Land, the Gipps Land Guardian sayB " Wo svant to know svhether or not Mr. Eve- rard is a member of the Legislative Assembly according to the strict provisions of the elec- toral lasv? Clearly be would have been unseated on petition had the money not been deposited by his friends ; and as that money was not deposited in time, why should hi3 worthless cbçejuo bo admitted to have po3 ÈCÊbfcd fôf foïcy-cîgbi hours á válüC tvbich it never had? Weare informed, inaeod, that Mr. King's money reached the returning officer before Mr. Everard's friends paid their deposit; and \se should bu glad to.learn, if so, why beef was inado of one and black ssvan of the other?" A correspondent of the Kyneton Guardian, has called attention to the desirability of establishing an oatmeal mill. He argues that the estublishmont of such a mill would tend directly towards tho realisation of three important icsults. It would increase the supply, improvo the quality, and lessen the cost of oatmeal in the market. At tho quoit matches played on Saturday, at St. Kilda, several of the teams were absent, rendering substitutes necessary. Kirk's team proved the best in tho singlo games, as far as they were played. Afterwaids doubla gamos . sseie played by same opponents, aud tho play was remarkably excellent ; jf ickersglU'u team pioving the b2St in these games. Mention may bo made of one double match in parti- cular, between Bioomielaw and Pickersgill (won by them), against Sam Cossliclc aad Blair. For more than an hour tho quoits woie pitched upon the feather and within a few inches every tbrosv, making the play on tho wholo very superior. A great number of admirers of tho game, and others interested, witnessed the matches. On Saturday an inquest was held by Dr. Youl, at St. Kilda, on the body of an infant, who was found lying dead on Thursday, near the beach. A boy named William Hob- son, while engaged looking after soma cows in the tea-tree near the beach, saw the body lyiDg Avrappcd up in a piece of calico. Ho mentioned the fact the same day, and the folloAving day gave Information to tho police, by whom the remains wero removed for ex- amination and inquost. The body was that of a female child. It had been exposed for a considerable time, and was much decom- posed. Tho child had been born at the full period, the lungs had evidently boon fully in- flated, and in the opinion of the medical wit- ness the death of the deceased was due to neglect at birth. The child had apparently been horn about ten days when found. The exertions of the police to discover the person by whom it was exposed hud been unsuc- cessful. The jury returned a verdict, merely stating tho time aud place of the dis- covery of the body, and that death hid re- sulted from neglect. ' The Haymarket Theatre waB crowded on Saturday eA-cning. " Lucrezia Borgia " was produced for the second time. The whole of the performers acquitted themselves oven moro admirably than beforo ; in fact wo have never seen this opora moro efficiently repre- sented out of London. Madamo Escott thoroughly identiSed herself with tho charac- ter of Lucrezia, and most truthfully per eonatcd that imperious intriguing woman. Her acting in the scene with the Duke and Gennarro, in the second act, was that of a great artiste. With Mr. Squires and Mr. Wharton, she was enthusiastically encored in the beautiful terzetto " Guai se ti sfugge." Madamo Escott, Mr. Squire?, and Mr. Wharton were recalled at the end of each act. Miss Georgia Hodson sang the part of Orainl, and was again encored in " II segretto." The per- formances concluded with the third act of the "Bohemiau Girl." Mr. Lundberg's solo on the bass clarionet, and Mr. Beaumont's sing- ing " When other Ups," were the only notice- able features of this part of tho performance. FlotoAv's opera of "Martha" will bo brought out this ovening. " Bizarro" wns again playe d at tho Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, and Avith uu diminished success. Thero was a capital house. The aiterpiece was the amusing farce of " Turning the Tubles." 