DR. NEWMAN'S RECEPTION INTO THE CHURCH BY THE SAINTLY FATHER DOMINIC. (From the Dublin Review, July 30.) Mr. Newman s conversion, though incompara bly the most momen.bus, was not the first in point of time, of those by which the year '45 was signalised. :Mr. Ward preceded him by several weeks; Mr. Grant. Mr. Tickell, and Mr. Biidges, all now fathers of the Society of Jesus, by a con siderably longer iaterval. Till the very day of Mr. Newman's reception into tbe Church, hopes were entertained by his Anglican friends tbat he might still repent ot bis intention ; uor was tbe fact of his conversion believed even after it had occurred. This was owing in part to the obscurity which hung over it, and of which the circumsiance3 attending it will furnish a suffi cient explanation. It was a memorable day, that 9th of October, 1845\. Tbe rain came down in torrents, bringing with it tbe first heavy instalments of autumn's ' sere and yellow'' leaves. The wind, like a spent giant, bowled forth the expiring notes of equinoctial fury. The superstitious might have said that the very elements weve on the side of Anglicanism ; so* copiously did they weep, so pitiously bemoan the approaching departure of its great representative, The bell which swung visibly in the turret of the little Gothic church at Littlemore, gave that day the usual notice of morning and afternoon p: ayerB ; but it came to the ear in that buoyant, bouncing tone which is usual in a high wind, and sounded like a knell rather than a summons. Tbe monastery was more than usually sombre and still. Egress and ingress there were none that day j for it had been given out amoug friends accustomed to visit there, that Mr. Newman ' wished to remain rjniet.' One of these friends who resided in the neighbourhood had been used to attend the evening office in the Oratory of the house, but ho was forbidden to come ' for two or three days, for reasons which would be explained later. The 9th of the month passed off without producing any satisfaction to the general curiosity. All which transpired was that a remarkable looking man, evidently a foreigner, and sbabily dressed in black, had asked his way to Mr. Newman's on the day but one before ; nnd the rumour was that he was a Catholic Priest. In the course of a day or two, the friend before mentioned was re admitted to the evening office, and found that a change had come over it. The Latin was pronounced for the first time in the Italian way, and the antiphors of Our Lady, whieh up to that time had been always omitted, came out in their preper place. The friend in question would have asked the reason of these changes, but it was forbidden to apeak|to any of the community after night prayers. Very soon tbe mystery was cleared up by Mr. Newman and his companions appearing at Mass in the public chapel at Oxford. He hadgbeen received into the Church on the 9:h by Father Dominic, of the Congregation of the Passion. Thus noiselessly and unobtrusively did the event come to pass which, whether we consider its import ance as an insulated fact, or its undoubted influ ence upon .the succeeding conversions, must be pronounced to have been, if not the providential end of the Tiactarian Movement, at any rate the symbol and measure of its true significance. Three weeks after Mr. Newman's conversion, he and his companions, with another Clergyman who had been received into the Church in the interval, were kneeling before the altar of St. Mary's, Oacott, to receive the gift of the Holy Ghost in the Sacrament of Confirmation. This was on tbe feast of AH Saints, Saturday, November 1st, 1845. The words in the Gospel of the Festival were felt by some of those who were present to derive a startling force from their coincidence with the circumstances which had preceded them : ' Nolite nocere ten je , ., quoadusque signemus servos Dei nostri in trontibus eorura.' Legislative Assembly. — The whole of yesterday evening the House was occupied, dis. cussing the motion of want of confidence in the Ministry. At. five^ minutes past twelve o'clock, the debate was adjourned, on the motion of Mr. Piddicgton, till this afternoon* 