THE FOREST OF ARDEN. No. I. It has alwaysbeen a moot point among the commentstoia of Sliskspeare, whether the scene of his loveliest idyll, " As Ton Like It," is to be laid in the foreign Ardennes, or in that street district of stream and field, the pastoral Arden of his native Warwickshire. The whole play is ao redolent of air and sunshine, and the graceful figures that more among ile scenery bo thoroughly suit and blend with the wild woodland background, that it is almost sacrilege to associate its idea with segbt but primeval nature in its simplest garb. The Arden of the poet's tune has taken flight for ever. The fairies and the nymphs, with Eobin Hood and Little John, hare vanished many a year before the pant of the steam engine and the sbriek of the locomotire; the shepherds and shepherdesses have faded into pale- cheeked operatives; and Celia and Hosalind, Orlando and Jacques, smile sadly on us from a far-distant shore. But at ila beat, in the bright days of Elisa beth, when Sbakspcare, innocent of fame, lounged in the oopeee with Anne Hath away, or worried the good squire's fallow deer in the moonlit nights, the quiet Stratford meadows could .hardly even then have represented the somewhat wild and romantic character of the " Arden " of the poet. The Avon then, as now, must have held its placid way through meadow and grove, past hamlet and hall and ivy-mantled tower, the very water, full of trout and perch, and mantled with wild flowers, whioh would have-delighted Iaaak Walton, but never could have figured as the "brook that brawls along the wood." We cannot link the idea of " brawl" with our placid friend, in which we have fished ao often, and read " As You Lite It" among the .buttercups. The lion and the snake, which assailed the repentant brother, are equally un English, and throw us back at onoe into a something savage and primeval. There it .not- much of the English, either, in the characters. The melan choly of .Jacques ; is indeed a tho roughly Teutonic melancholy, which ho one of Gallio blood ever felt or could conceive; but Eosslind and Criin, the darlings, era, French ^eauttee, and . the banished duke, with his court, savour strongly of the old ohivalrio rbtnauCM Of Italy and Spain. The story it fVench. and the original fhom whlch 8hsks|»are imbibed all but the genius an^ inspira tion is French, and theeoene is nahlmlly laid on the Frenchfrontiers.. So if we mutt needs past out of 'dreamland, where it is perhaps wiserto atay, andfllve tothe wild imaginings a loonl habitation and aname, we must take flight beyond the forest of Soignies, and peroh upon the banks of the rcmanta'o Meuse, Where that loveliest of »U continental rivers glides through a mase of woodlands and Isirhs to the tre mentions prrapioesof IMnsnt. I have called the Meuse the loveliest river iu Europe. tmd-haringueen ilhor nearly sil, Iswlvunture to thiiik so. If not the loveliest, it is certainly the most comfortable.11 do not know nny part, where a Londoner sick of amokepau better pass a « bekmah Just angling and lounging along the Meuse,--Theriver it never for two miles alike. Here it is lonely of the loneliest, and the only sound that breaks the utter alill it the leap of a -Bib, the warbiwef birds, or the murmur of the hurtying water i at the next turn is some liimg ritlagc jttnhosomed with or —anon a aid# valley Opens up, and gives a glimpse into ai receding vista of great grey mountains ;..*nd then • tremsndvui precipice seerosto bar all progress alike to .stream: and traveller, orowned with some crumbling *uin of the put or stem modern fortriis,. with. its. caanba perched aloft among the eagles. It is a pleaaaht thing, doOilc leave- London with a fire-pound note, and* after. 300 miles' traeeihng and a. week's, fun,, find one's self back with, some shiliiogs.etill remain ing. The railroads hare probably spoiled all tbiabut. in. the Ardennes at the time I first entered Ibetn. the faoeof an .English, man was a thing unknown, and money was almost worthless. Four or fire shillings a day were ample to cover ail expenses, not excepting wine, which cost nothing, because it could not be- got, the phople being toe poor to drink it. As to the fare —my month waters when l-reoall it. Oh, morning and evening, dishes-of many speckled trout—trout of'the roseate flesh, so rich, yet so soft, that eating you was like eating a kiss!' Oh, cetelettes, which it would' be profane to call cutlets, cooked as only French fingers ean cook, and how unlike that dreadful yesterday chop, the ghost of which. I feel still hopping within me! Oh, ooffee, made as coffee thould be made! Oa,. butter of the golden hne, but innocent of turmeric, and milk pure as in . Para dise ! and, eboTe all, ham of<the Ardennes, as different from other ham as the fierce - forest boar that produced it on the fruit of oak and beech is from the pacific grunter of the farmyard,—to- have had all this for ninepence, and- now pay four shillings in Collins- street—for wfaatP ■ At my snug Bouvignes inn, bed, breakfast, end supper cost three francs a-day; and what a scene to bavethem-in! I-shall never forget Bouvignes or the day I first saw it. It was on a bright summer's evening — a Sunday, I. am. sorry to say—when the cockleshell of a steamer which then pliedJ between Dinant and Kamur. after twice slight!? bumping over sandbanks, struck obsti nately for the third lime, and all the efforts of the crew—tiro men and a boy— could not get her off. As she only drew fourteen inches, this was very ungrateful of the Men ee, the more so as the-captain had taken die trouble for the last hour to hare a man on horseback harnesstd to her bow to keep her head right There wag nothing for it but to step-over the side and- walk ashore, which, we accord ingly did; and with wet feet—the only part of us wet—scrambled up the bank, and stood at once in the most theatrically beautiful scene I hare ever witnessed. Sight overhead was the grey wall of the old castle of Bouvignes, covered with creepers and bushes, and even little trees rooted among the crumbling stones, while a stream of utterly limpid water splashed underneath over a patch of green sward into a cluster of vineyards and apple orchards, where it was lest to view. Upon the award aforesaid the village lads and lasses were dancing in a ring—just as we see them in a print, and never expect to see them in real life. [Corydon and Phyllis are pretty in prose, [but the veritable-Hodge does-not come lout well in flesh and blood; these good folks,however,were French^-or Walloons, Which is the same thing—and Jannot, in Vis jacket of varied hues and fantastic at, and Jannette, in her bright lace cap, ■im jacket, and sacque bienbouffde, really loked quite Arcadian, as if they had tepped out of an old picture. At least Whose to believe myself in Arcadia for [e nonce, ..and, putting Bbakspeare samed of ~ Ider my pillow, dreamed of Rosalind night. -1° 