W?A?aT's TaT NOISE i --From the erious to the ludicrous is but a step. That subject of Kagosima was really a serious business; but before the discussion closed-even whilst Lord Palmerston was speaking-there lhap. pened an incident not a little ludicrous. IIs lordship, as we have said, was oIl his legs, tempering down the effects of the too ardent oratory of the under-secretary for foreigs affairs, and generally winding up the dis cussion as his manner is, when suddenly thIere came from somewhere beneath himi very singular noise-a lknocking, apparently as if some one weoro in the vaults below driving piles or splitting wood. But elis could it be ? What audacious official waol1 dare to drive piles, or split wood, or do anyp thing else thus to disturb so august aen assembly? The speaker started, the clerbs looked round, the sergeant-at-arms called to the messengers at the bar, the members began to whisper and lookl hither annd thither; but still the noise went on. Thump -thump-tlhump; so loud that even the ladies behind their screen were startled, and the noise seemed to be movable. Now it appeared to be directly under the speaker's chair. Anon it seemed to come from the roof. Then, again, we fancied it must bh under the bar. At length there got to bh such a buzzing in the house that the noble premier was hardly heard. Indeed, we are not sure that the interruption did not cut his lordship's speech prematurely short. But still the unearthly subterrnanean nois went on-thump, thump, thump-as r. gularly as the beat of a steam-engine, which to end our readers' suspense, it was-or something like it. The case was this: Down in the vaults below-between which and the house there is only a carpeted per forated iron floor--there is a hugo boiler for the generation of steam, wherewith the house is warmed. Into a pipe connected with this boiler some water had found its way, and so got lodged at a return, or bend of the pipe; and as the steam could not pas5 through the pipe, it amused itself by baug ing up against this return of the pipe acting in this manner according to its nature and in compliance with well-known laws. Unfortunately, the commander-in-chief f the forces employed in warming and venti lating the house was not on the spot at the time, and the subalterns seemed to have got perplexed, and, instead of turning off the steam at once, stood looking on bowildered, and hoping that the noise would soon cese ofitself. Soon, however, the chief arrive], and promptly turned the cock, and the noise was stopped.-Illustrated Times. An American seedsman advertised that he would supply all kinds of trees and plantI, especially pie-plants of all kinds (pie-plOt being the American name for rhubarb). A gentleman thereupon sent him an order for "'one package of custard-pie seed, and dozen of mince-pie plants." The gsrdener promptly fulfilled tIle order by sending him "four goose eggs, and a dead dog." "When did you over see a living thief without a body ? " said a servant who wisled to persuade his master that some roguery had been committed by a ghost. " Whn.?, saw you lookldng over the window," said the master. "HTrr IIHtr Ao.u\ ! "-Tho Pnuetnatic Despatch Company have begun to lay Inoee their tubes, and are giving great satisfecais to all who have h?ad their goods pltfd b thiem. What a blow it will be for the Parcols Delivery Company i?-Fun. . Captain do Smithl remonstrates withtIh " HIolmos, the vet. of his regiment, for 'm pronunciation of the word horseo.-To hIim th vet.-" Well, if a haitch, and a ho, usad har, and a hess, and a hle, don't spell'ore my name ain't 'Euory 'Omes "--P unc h i-ted, printel, and pubtsllhed BU WYILLIbn nU?SSEL 4It cat the .rald steam Pr(rlln, g P crts r bt, outlburn. NIo BoutLh TaSt. 