TO THE EDITOR .OF THE 'KIAMA IN MISSION OF THE EDITOR OF THE 'FREEMAN'S JOURNAL.' ShoalhaTen, July llth. 1864. Sir,— The, right to repel unproroksd aggression, whether made on person or principle, recently en couraged the to take advantage of your kindness to publish my ;ataswer to an article in the Times on the' lat«S sadly memorable .accident in South Ameriba^ r — r~r,-. . .J ''H'?1' »»« eiaDorate production overwhelming I felt ^uite unable through; want of time as well as delicacy to trespass on your column^ to even allude to j I was therefore compelled to con fine my observations to one or ^wo points, but in an especial manner to the following :~ '. -'Y'i *a^'ot *}? far Wfopg in pronpuncinff it to be a sinful, and rediculoua- folly to spend annuallv a whole month in continual services and enormous illaminationsall in honour of a dogma lately added by the Roman Catholics to their creed.'~rjjn« o'f Febru^rj 1st. There is ho mind trained in the school of Catholf city— bo mind instructed in even its essential prin' eiples or possessed of the most inadequate idea of the mercy and wisdom Christ displayed, when pro viding for the safe transmission of his Gospel to fai lure generation*, in which the foregoing extract will not produce feeling? of astonishment and indignation And eaily, impressions deepened and wideaed by Subsequent study ot sacred scripture, of a Church which anathematises the idea of adding—where Christ denounces addition, cannot calmly and silently look on when that Church is charged with a crimi incompatible with its nature and repugnant ,with its mission. A crime of which it dreamt nbt because of the invariable and ceaseless conviction' of its incapability to commit it. And the idea of a Church which Christ under pain of excommunication directed us to obey— u He that will not hear the Church let him be to thee bb the heathen and the pub lican.' Failing in one of its first and most essential duties is simply preposterous. . Hence was I alarmed when sentiments-subversive and contrary, such as those in the above extract '? ~ began to circulate in this district and then only it was notwithstanding a decided dislike to touch upon any subject Calculated to wound the religious sensi. bilities of those who differ with me, that I reluc tantly wrote a single line. And really I could not believe that the Gospel was the word of God r could not without believing that Christ had violated his solemn promise allow to pass into the hands of the flock entrusted to my humble care an extract disseminating ideas which unmistakably though in direetly declared that the Church had failed in its ;great duty, and ought not to be heard, ought not to ibe obeyed. And let it not be said that all this w«s not implied in the assertion that the Roman Caiho. lies were celebrating the addition of ' a new dogma'' to their creed. I maintain that it was; nor ought I say, the Church be heard, nor ought she be obeyed if unauthorised, unempowered by reveLtion she in creased by eren one . syllable the sacred deposit iof divine faith. But the idea as long as we keep' \- the promise of Christ in view aeednot be entertained. ?Change either by adding or. taking away is entirely: completely, neceswrily and essentially opposed to her nature and constitution. The foregoing reasons will I trust exempt me from the unenviable charge of initiating a coa troversy— will shew that I hare merely directed attention to what I considered the grave impropriety' ot charging the church of Christ with having lost one of its grand distinctive, and most valued prerogatives— An errancy in expounding Catholic doctrine. ; To disprove such assertion I appealed to sacred Scripture, (an authority which I trust the supporters of. toe Times will not question), and shewed by an accumulation of texts how 'utterly contradictory it was to the obvious sense of Holy Writ— how if the ; Tidies ? were right, scripture was wrong— if the former were true the latter must be false; the. argument was concluded . in substantially the following words; The church of Christ can teach nothing new — nothing but what is contained in the' deposit of written or unwritten truth; ' \ Scarce however had these sentiments appeared is print, when a number of gentlemen— lay end' clerical— without it seems to me taking much time: : to consider whether or not they were competent to support en, assertion from which the Catholic world dissents— without waiting to reflect whether or not jthe Times might not ai isoen dispense with such pre jcipitate support, hastened' to take their stand by its side; Very prominent amongst them was a Rev,' gentleman J who' styles himself ' A priest- of the ' ! Holy Catholic Charch' and a Rev. Mr. Kinross, i These latter gentlemen seemed surprised at the' ! attitude .of sacred Scripture on the question of I' infallibility' m&.tvould not understand it as cob*' firming such doctrine. . '. , They undertook, todiepoee of the proofs advanced, but after what manner,? Surely not by shewing; that the soriptatal argumeqt ^employed was ibcbno elusive or, defective— that the texts were misapprO' priated or unjueily applied— not indeed by having anything' directly to do with' it, this) I give th( jo credit tor scrupulously avoiding, No4 but just ss alight b» expected by an appeal' to the two or three . trite unoriginal antiquated objections — ' Purgatory Invocation of Sitintt1' &c.; as instances that the Catholic Church teaches whit i» not found in tfet bible! and to the case oi Pope Honorius as an instance that the Pope is not infallible ! 1 Just as if Christiana believe nothing or are bound to believe uolhing, hut exactly what is found in the bible— but what is so clearly expressed therein is to be seen at one glance (uno ictu oouli) or just as if these doctrines opuld by no possibility lie concealed in the folds ; in the profound, complicated mysterious language, no frequent in Scripture; which St. Peter de^lorea most difficult to be understood while the astuteness of, -Mr intellects wan abroad* ? J h«ve not said the Pope was infallible. It is aojan.article of Catholic faith that the, Pope is infallible,, though I believe him under certain ? ciicumttancee to be so ; and wonld. state ray reasons were ;it 'necessary. Thus 'A Priest of the Holy Catholic Church' builds up »n argument in order to hare something to pulldown as he did not seem disposed to interfere with: the one already built for hiru-— no, but by appealing to objection! made use of. by those who reject in toto the authority of .that Cfiurch which Christ constituted the interpreter of of Scripture-T- which St. Paul has emphatically declared to be the ' pillar and ground of truth,' After throwing these, to their minds, insuperable objections in my way they come.to the dogma of the 11 Immaculate Conception'* of the Blessed Virgin— the dogma which according to the Times the Roman Catholics lately added to their creed: and here I am happy to acknowledge the spirit of candour of the Rev. Mr. Kinross who expresses himself mostly as follows :—' In what part of scripture is the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin to be, found t Where are the passages that com mand us to pay her relative or any other honor? Lgt them be produced and we (I presume himself, and congregation) promise to embrace the Catholic Faith/' :.???:. ? ?? '. , -...; . ?:?; ??..???.. ... ? ? The Rev. Gentleman who styles himself, 'A Priest of the Holy Catholic Church' declares that 1 he will hold the ' Immaculate Conception' if not sian article of faith, at least at a pious opinion if ie can be shewn that it is not contrary to the sense of scripture. : ?.?.-.. jn undertaking to famish the information these gentlemen seem so anxious to acquire— auch in formation as I trust may effect a Considerable modi fication in their religious opinions— I am not entirely insensible of the difficulty it imposes upon me. Not that {.entertain the most remote doubt of the revela tion of the dogma in question — not that I hesitate for .an instant to profess that I believe it to be con tained in revelation : the voice of authority has de« elaredthat: that question is already decided for the Catholic world at leaat. St. Peter has spoken through the mouth of , Pius, et causa finita est, (and the cause is ended), but, because of my incompetence through want of an intimate acquaintance with the evidence on which the church has decided to preseht the case in the strong : positive cogent form, under which it might appear. ; .???:. .? ? Ere I proceed to show that the doctrine of the 'Immaculate Conception'' is in harmony with aacred Scripture and tradition and contained ia them a few principles' may bt usefully and opportunely laid down. Before the Church of Christ requires her children to believe any dogma to be revealed, it is clearly necessary that' such dogma be contained in the deposit of divine revelation, for the ground on which she claims their assent is the authority of God revealing it., And since the deposit of faith in the keeping of the Church of Christ has aufferad neither increase nor diminution, it follows the dogma ?f the' Immaculate Conception' which she requires her children to balieve must necessarily be found in it: in either or both of its sources— in sacred scrip ture or apostolical tradition— both of which accord' ing to St. Paul in Thee. 2. 2. 14., have an equal claim on our faith and reverence. . .Amongst revealed truths some (such for example as the Unity, Trinity, Incarnation) are so clearly ixpreued, so distinctly enunciated, as to leave not a shadow of doubt in the mind as to their meaning and (intention, while others only by implication and;' so obscurely as to require evolution and explanation. Under these circumstances it is that th« necessity and value of an unerring standard, of an infallible interpreter is seen and felt, especially when we recollect that it is of this very latter class of truths disappointed ambition (a prolific source of lebellion) that humiliated overweening pride— when at all accompanied by learning— or a desire to be freed from moral restraint take advantage, to excuse defection, to accommodate the passions/ by explain ing away or disturbing their meaning. ?? ' In such circumstances it is that the Church of Christ advances, in all the majesty of inerrancy— with the insuperable and superhuman force derived from, a complete and unwavering reliance on the divine promise, 'Go ye therefore and teach all nations and lo I I am with you till the end of time' ?ad declares what ia the true meaning of the text and terminates' at once and for ever the point in dispute; : The doctrine thus extracted, thus evolved and proposed to her children 'as an object of faith, becomes a Catholic dogma and hence an addition is made riot; to; the number of revealed truths; as' the' Writer in the Times seemed to infer, and the rev; gentlemen who With some haste supported his opinibn would have your readers believe ; but to the number of articles explicitly believed— to the number sub. jested to the process of evolution. From these observations it will be seen. that every doctrine, dogmatically defined by the church of Christ, is. previously revealed. But the dogma of the ' Immaculate Conception' has beea dogma, tically defined, therefore it is revealed. It is re. «6rded in the 3rd Chap, of Genesis immediately after the fall of bur first parents' that, G»d in hit infinite mercy arid goodness and! in compassion for their lamentable condition^ promised a Redeemer who would lestoro to them their forfeited heavenly ulierUance. Four thousand years after, was that Promise fulfilled and the Redeemer appeared in th« Pferson of Christ whose mother was tue Blessed y^gip. But Christ keeping in view the majestic Wd principal manning of; the, text being the seed Mentioned in the promise, the wbmaia of whom he, ^M the seed must have beea the Blessed Virgin : therefore tho woman alluded to in, the words of JroraiBe (Gen. 3rd Chap.) was the Bleb«ed Virgin. And thia fact ie confirmed (if confirmation be neces *«y) by the close relation and renmkable and «Pgularly striking eoiheidenco that exist between $P» Words of prdmiio and that passage in 12th chap, revelations, in which the serpent is again identified with the evil spirit where a woman is in troduced, clothed in the suri with the moon under her feet. In this passage the woman introduced is also the Blessed Virgin, since she is spoken of as the mother of Christ whom ia. same chapter the dragon (the old serpent) is represented asseeking to devour. And doubtless the devil watched the birth of Christ, although he only conjectured a» is evident from the Gospel aceount of the temptation in the desert that Christ might Ue the Messiah, f . , .. _ I The woman alluded to in, both passages' being, therefore the Blessed Virgin to her. necessarily the Words of; the prophecy in '. Genesis', apply— and .these imply the Immaculate Conception. The words, of this most, memorable prophecy arc i ' I will put ehrnities between .thee and the, woman, and thy seed and her seed : she shall crush thy head.' As. there seems to be ne. reason; foe the contrary, these words must ba taken. inan absolute and unrestricted sense and being taken in »n absolute and uniestricted sense necessarily preclude the idea of any previous, concord between the woman, and the serpent i.e. between the Bleaied Virgin .and the devil ; and hence that she nevtr was. from the first moment of her conception under, his influence— that she issued from nonexistence into existence so pare as did Eve— that ;she waa . conceived without sin, .' trams' culate . in .Conception.' To this will of course be objected the universality of the law, that includes all under sin. The law, I admit which includes all . under sin is general, but, notj so absolutely ;ap, as to, preclude exception, if exception were desirable, and ; the spirit and sense of scripture, and the divine dignity, and the immeasurable abhorrence of God to .assume a body from a. womb, once under the influence of Satan, and the unanimous voice of the universal church call for such exception. And to object to a law. under, such circumataneec, no matter how general the:, terms in which it is expressed,: as. an essential exclusion of exception,: is simply to display the most thorough ignorance of the nature of law— .to oppose individual opinion to universal experience. ? .. , ?. ; .,?? ...?;?._ . . Again God is the author of the law proclaiming, that, the guilt of Adam extends to the* remotest future generation. Yet, will any body assert, that God is powerless to suspend such law in a particular instance or in any inatancs— that God's omnipotence and. liberty are manacled: by it, I presume not. And the fact, that there's not a general law in the whole human, divine, or natural codes but has suf fered or may suffer suspension proves I trust the possibility of exception. And select for; example sake; frotn the material wojld so'mo genoral law, one unexceptionable — looking. in, its, nature and effect and how quickly will not- experience remind us of exception.. 3 j^hajt ^law iq the material world more unvarying , in jts agliqn— more really universal than that by rwhich fire .consumes f Yet we find three children passing un^aihed through the fiery furnace* And the bush which Moses saw on fire remaining perfectly unharmed. What law more constant and unvarying in its operations than that which, guides the planets in their orbits, and yet, we find the sun standing still in the valley of Ajalon while JoBue slays the Amorhitea. '. The same exceptive rule holds in the moral world. What moral law more general than that which says, m Thou shalt not steal,' »« Thou shalt not kill' and yet we : find the Israelites taking with them the pro perty of the Egyptians when quitting that land of bondage; and daily experience reminds us, that the minister of justice takes away life when the well being of society demands it. Lastly what law more unexceptionable than the following: — ' Unless a man be born again of water and of the Holy Ghost he eannot enter the kingdom of heaven'— a law that stretches over as many as does original sin and yet without it the kingdom of heaven is sometimes attainable ? There's the baptism of desire (flaminis) of blood (sanguinis) as well as that of water. '? So much for M& universality of a law when ex ception is desir ° 2 ) should .then be distinctly re. membered taa ''general laws , are subject to exception : and 'g 0 jre that notwithstanding the general and uip i o in able character of the. law proclaiming all Q 24 Qjader sin the 'Immaculate Conception' is qul0, possible. But to resume, ' I will put enmities between thee and the woman and thy seed and her, s*ed.'f -In the latter clause of the sentence; God makes no distinction as to the nature of the enmity he puts between the ,seed of the woman and the seed of the serpent, and that between the woman and the serpent. The same sort of enmity He promises to establish in both oasesi ' As therefore the enmity between the Son and the serpent existed from the first indivisible moment, of Hie conception, it follows the enmity between the mother and the serpent must exist from the same period,, from the 'first indivisible moment of her conception ; . and therefore that a victory the most complete — the most absolute has been assigned to the mother— such a victory as would be incom patible with anything less than complete exemption from all sin. Thus, the inspired record of the great Jewish lawgiver teems with the unsullied existence of the Blessed Virgin. If. therefore on this doctrine, 'Revelations' be but the echo of " Genesis' and John but the response of Moses while 'both are inspired, penmen, the 'Immaculate Conception' is not 'contrary,' to sacred Scripture. The gospel of St. Luke on the subject of the singular and sublime prerogatives of the mother of God is in wonderful harmony with the passages alluded to. A glance at a few verses will prove corroborative and iuterostiag. ? : In the first chapter : the evangelist introduces the subject of the Incarnation of the son of God in the following words ' And in the sixth month the angel : Gabriel was sent from God into a city of Galilee called Nazareth to a Virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph and the Virgin's name was Mary. And the Angel being come in' said to htr Hailfull of Grace.' ; These last ever beautifal and memorable words are variously translated from the original/ but the most correct and expressive being that of the Vulgate/ ^'Gratia plena.'* I prefer it, and as iti meaning ie immeasurably more comprehensive than that of other translations such at, Dilecta Accepta/Gratiosa— I hasten to acknowledge my; obligations to 'A prieBt of ths holy Cathelic Church' for allowing me a cboicii ' It is really impossible to convey in any number of words more measureleis grace, honor and dignity than these two or three short words declare tht Blessed Virgin to possess. For, in saying she was full of grace, the Angel simply said, s,he possessed the Holy Ghost — and every gift and grace of which created nature is capable— which can render it agreeable and pleasing, to Godo ? , On this passage, St. Augustine in Enchir— remarksj thest words ' Hail full; of grace' compre/ hend every imaginablegrace (omnem omnino gratiam comprehendit) which she ought to have who was afterwarjeto become the Mother of Gqd;, whether that should be immunity from sjn, orijtial or actual,, (aiye ilia .esset immunitas, a , peccato tarn originali quam aqtiiaii)^ or, the pgssessiqn of every grace and virtue,^- (and, original j ustice ,is a virtue), such a» no saint ever before enjoyed, and hence, though, the ? pienitude^pr grace and the Holy Ghost were given to the Bapiist, to St. Stephen, to the seven, deacons, Acts, 6, they were yet immeasaably b-neath her,' Besides, according to all divines, God dispenses his grace in proportion to the rBsponsibility and dignity. of the. offiae to be filled, and as .that, of the Blessed Viigin was inconceivably above all others, so were .the graces — the prerogatives . she received.. Neither is the suppression ot the Blessed Virgin's name (Mary) and the new one substituted (' Hail full of grace') significant of less than perpetual apotlessness;: for 'Hail full of grace' has the same force in her regard; as iuise when applied to Solo mon ; apostle to Paul; the just to Christ. The many authorities given in the Body of this lettery for the revelation ot the' ?'Immaculate Con ception' will I 'trust dispose the reverend supporters of the Times to admit that the doctrine is impliedly contained in Holy Writ^— will gently constrain them to declare it is, at least in harmony with, and decidedly not ' contrary'' to the Inspired Word. I shall now come to consider the value of the patristic argument employed by ' A priest. Of the holy Catholic church' in support of the non revelation (his view) of the' Immaculate Concep tion' but feel it neceesary even at the risk of being considered tedious, to again' lay down a few principles for the guidance of the general reader. When the Holy Fathers, strictly so called, are unanimous in asserting that a doctrine is revealed, such assertion is taken as an indubitable argument of truth ; for they admittedly campoae one of the orders: instituted by our Lord in the church.' Ephhes. 4. 11 for the buildiug up of his body. And their acts have been always used in the church as a rule to test the soundness of doctrine— to prove the unsoundness of heresy; and this rule did the fathers of Chalcedon apply to the Eutichean heresy when they exclaimed 'haec est fides patrurh omnes its credimus' (this the fathers teach thus let us believe). But before their opinion be admissable as an argument that a doctrine is revealed, it ia riecessarj that they have adjudicated on the subject to.oe aecided ex professo (professionally;— that they have not only declared it to be revealed, but, the contrary, to be heretical. But the opinion of any one father, no matter how dignified his position or ho n vast his acquirements, on any open question such as the 'Immaculate Conception' — -was, is, while worthy of the highest respect, yet to be treated as a private opinion, that should be no obstacle to unequivocal submission— to the decision of the church whenever that 'decision be expressed. ' The fact that the ' Immaculate Conception' had not Veen, defined and formally proposed to the faithful as an object of faith, till within the pon tificate of the present Pope would seem to impart a due to tha cry that it is a' new dogma.' Such however is not the case as I have shewn, and the time of its explicit announcement is no earthly proof against its revelation. . : It 'waa only in process of time that many re vealed truths were dogmatically defined. Should time therefore .affect revelation, the general councils held when the church is said by her opponents t» have been' pure'' (and I could never discover nor do I knew any one that has from the impugaers of her infallibility the dav or the^vear she became imDurei were adjudicating for nothing, because only adding ' new. dogmas.' ? ; ' : Necessity or the unanimous demand, of the universal church against which Christ has promised ' the gates of hell shall not prevail/' it was, that elicited the definitions of general councils, and some even of St. Paul's epistles. But necessities ', and demands like men from whom they spring appear but in time ; and thus only is it in time the church reasonably and admirably progressive yet strictly conservative defines, to meet and satisfy the demands. Time and circumstances however shape the ex pressions of diviues ; if therefore the Holy Fathers he,, less definite when touching on doctrines not at all in dispute — when proving points where it would be inconvenient to. allude to exception— is, not. that 1 precisely what is to be. expected ? And thus it is that some of them were silent or apparently opposed to the 'Immaculate Conception.' ; Should then, the doctrine be traceable :( through the testiiBony of bishops, priests, doctors and fathers Jo' the apostolic age, it. w no mqre ♦' contrary'? to tradition than to scripture, it was the undefined faith of the church. , ; . ? ? ?-.?'.. . To show this I shall first direct attention to the celebrated letter of the priests of Achaia recording the profession of faith of the apostle St. Andrew, before the proconsul Egeue, In- this letter are found the following words '* And because the first man was born ot immaculate earth, it tvdsnecetsdry that the perfect man (Christ), should be born of an immaculate Virgin.' I submit! whether not the parallel here drawn between tin/alien Adam and the Blessed Virgin does clearly imply her immaculate Conception.— (The authenticity of the letter from which the foregoing quotations comet is defended by evan Protestant writers.) The doctrine ia aiso plainly; contained in ? the controversy between; St. Dionysius of- j Alexandria and, Paul of Samotasa about the middle ef the 3rd .century, c This heretic nut only impugned the divinity of Christ but the mater; al- privileges of. His- blessed mother also, against him, the graat doutorjsays,' There, are many mothers but one and one only virgin daughter of life.' Agiiin '. Christ dwelt. not in, a servant but in his holy tabernacle ' not made with handtr— preserved by the Holy Ghost from ifre feet to the htad,t Mary the mother of God.' (Epist. advers. Paulum Samosat.) Comparisons most conclusive of the doctrine have beon, drawn, when treating of the subject by SS. | Justine, Irsnaus, Cyril, Epureuo, Epiphanius, Tci' ' tullian, &o.; The first in his dialogue with Tripho ''. Rays, He was made from a. virgin that the way by ; which disobedience took its beginaing , from. the. ? serpent by the same it might receive its destruction^ - For while. Eve was yet a virgin, and incorrupt/ having conceived the words spoken unto her by the . 'erpent she brought forth disobedience and death* - . In these words the Blessed Virgin; and Eve before:.' her fall, are evidently placed on an equal footing.. Similar is Irenaus, Contra Heres, lib. IILr, Tertullin. De Came Christi/chap. 17., St. CyriV Catech. 12., St. Epiph. Heres 78 ' And how does^ Origin speak of heri This Virgin mother of the -! only hegotten God is called Mary, worthy of God,' Immaculate of the Immacutdte', who was neither ? deceived by the persnasion of the serpent ndir' ' infected with his poisonous breathings. i St. Ambrose in 22nd eermon 118 psalm, calls tber Blessed Virgin, ' Virgo incorrUpta, Virgo a6 omnV. '? Integra labe peccati'— Virgin' whose inniocence wa* '.' unbroken and unsullied by any one stain of sin. '? And St. Augustine, who is so pointedly quoted by !',; 'A priest of the holy Catholie'Charch' as opposed | to the doctrine of the 'Immaculate Conception!* V under cirenmstances when the Holy Father shouli '\ necessarily avoid allusion to it; to touch upon whicb : at the time, would prove, him to be guilty of nothing'' short of the consummate simplicity that controlled - the Rev. gentleman while making the harralesB^; extract, is most explicit on the subject. :v- \ I We can form a fair estimate ot this rev. gentle— ' man's profound acquaintance, with the, oi'dihary : modes of argument as well as with the mind of 3tr.: Augustine, wfapn we learn 'jthat he would ! haye the. ' ' holy, father when defending, the transmission of! 3 original sin against the Pelagians^ refer to exceptions ,; that would precisely suit his adversary's purpose^- f that would just pro ire. gainst, himself arid all thiB-' ' unnecessarily, and while the' Immaculate Conctp-' tion' was a perfectly open question. , But, when the universal and pious opinion of .' thsrv' ', Immaculate Conception' was actually brought 2 forward by Julian to the great champion of the- ' Catholic church as a proof against the transmission';' of 'Original Sin'.' aid hedenyitf' By ho means, ; Julian thus addresses him,' You by subjecting the1 Blessed Virgin to the common condition of birtb,: ' hand, her over to the devil. '» St. Augustine an* ' swers 'No we do not for this reason that; that * condition is dissolved by the grace of her new birth.'' ' The immediate conclusion to be drawn from this^ dialogue is that St. Augustine exempts the Blessed. Virgin from the stain of original sin. ' ' Saint Maximin is most conclusive on the ques tion. ; ,He says, 'Truly Mary was a dwelling fit: for Christ, not because of her habit of body— bet : because of original grace.'* Identical is the opinioc ! of St. Anselm in his treatise on Virginal Concep tion. /' It was fitting that the Conception of that.:'' man (Christ) should be accomplished from a most pure mother:— But purity so great that more perfect, cannot be imagined— the purity of exemption from - original sin'' ? ? And what language more beautifully exprasBive of the ?' Immaculate Conception' than that of Sfci... Sabas of Jerusalem, when alluding to the Blessed - Virgin he calls her ' The re-creation of: our race?' — never was she in proximity to guilt, the sin of ourr^ first parents halted unable to advance when it eamss to Mary' &c.; With equal force and reverence have ^ St. Peter Chrysologus, Proclus, and John Damas cene Bpoken.- There is other evidence to show that the doctrine of the ' Immaculate Conception' wa« piously and firmly believed by the universal church* in primitiye times. In the Liturgy of St. James the Blessed Virgin is called ' Gloriosissimam Sarictis ai mam Immaculatam,'' in that of St. Basil aha iv addressed as -: The most holy^ glorious and immacw-. late mother of God.' In the Mafonite and Abyssii nian liturgies as ' Immaculatam omni tempore' (immaculate always,) ' Oh 1 plane immaculata,'' (oh! absolutely immaculate). In the general council o' Nice held in 787, she is celebrated a» of a 'nature more glorious than the angels.'^ And in the council of Frankfort same eentury Christ i»' said to be born of 'living and immaculate earth/' J xnis unoroKen ventaoie cnain of witnesses of thtf faith of the Church in the ' Immaculate Concept tion' for the nine first centuries I will close with *st~ extract from a sermon of Martin Luther on lltE chap, of St. Luke. Alluding to the Bleised Virgin'k conception he says, ' Her immaculate conception is signified by those words of the angel Gabrisl'* ' Biessed art. thou amongst women/' ' For it could' not be said to her'* ' Blessed art thou' if «t anytime she had been obnoxious to the curse ; and one more from the Koran, in Gelali's explanation of the third/ chap, is found the following plain assertion ' In the histories it is said, no one is born but Satan touches him at his birth, and therefore he bursts into weep- ' ing, except Mary and her son.' Thus, the old and' New Testaments. Councils and Liturgies, Festivals and Fathers, Luther and Mahomet combine in at* testing the revelation of the ever Blessed Virgin'* Immaculate Conception. ., The amount of evidence now adduced may, I trust, prevail on the reverend gentlemen to admit that 'the dogma of the 'Immaculate Conception'' is. -t !--nst imnliml in n«i-tain1v hainnini'in. _:-!. and decidedly not' contrary' ' (6 Sacred Scripture or tradition. May I then - indulge the hope f that ia future 'A Priest of the Holy Catholic Churoh'r will, be more careful and less precipitate in quoting from the' Holy Fathers without considering the cireum. Btance8 under which they wrote and spoke;; The conditions which render their testimony an : indrr putable proof of the faith; of the Catholic Church— of the revelation of aiy doctrine T have already, laid down, and I leave to those competent to decide whe ther the patristic argument of the Rev. Gentleman: is accompanied by, a single one of them. I am atav loss to know what this ullusion to the Council of; Trent proves for him, all that it shews is, that the Council still left it an open queatiob. Hit quotations from St Epiphanius forbidding the Blessed Virgin to be ' worshipped' I at onoe^sub scribe to and hasten to acquaint him that' the Catholic Church reprobates it in the. sense that he doss — pronounces ii damnable to adore the Blessed Virgin, or any other created being— -any one Awi God alons. From attention to what I have eaid regard* iog the opinion of individual diviaes, ihe will see- how the 'AbbeLabordiV letter to Pius the Ninth Berves his canse. .His reference to ' Romans' 3.10^. Gahtians 3.22, Hebrews 2,9,; will certainly aotadd ? to his fame as a scripture scholar, for these piuage^k. ? ??? -.If ?''' ? — * — ' .; refer to actual sins-the actual violation of the Mosaic and, Natural laws by the Jews and Gentile* in the first instance, to the ains committed against the written law in the second instance, to thedeatb of Christ, by which was accomplished the redemp tion of the whole human race in the last instance. Arid those who defend the revelation of the Imma \--mlate Conception, do not deny that *e Blessed .-: Virgin owes her perpetual spot tswesa t aje. Jeatb of Christ. So much for the biblical depth of this 'jMfftr-inhrMl. Had thi« either been written ,n the modest style that g'verally characterises the true. scholar, he might L»ye escaped even the mild criticism, to which he is subjected rbut so positive Is 'he in expressiens, . se convinced is he of the ?overwhelming force of everything he ad vances, that he does not dream of being ques tioned— that . he entirely forgets the respect due to the opinions not only of his equls, but of thousands ?who naturally must be immeasurably his superior*. A'proof of what I say is found in the inexcusable language made use of in the first paragraph of the .Her. gentleman's letter. 'The catastrophe, {alluding to Santiago), was occasioned not by rites and symbols nor an expenditure of wealth and taste in jthe worship of the Deity, but, in a reckless effort to impress poor women with an impassioned belief '.' in a lie.' Thus he calls the 'Immaculate Concep. tion' a. We, therefore these who believe in it are liars; those who support and defend it are liars— . thus many thousand priests and a thousand bishops, «t least, with the enlightened, wise, illustrious ienig'nant Pius at their head are 'liars,' Thus all the students, all the able, erudite professors and philosophers in all the Seminaries, Colleges and ' Universities of the Catholic world are 'liars' by ibi same complimentary epithet are designated no 'fetter 'than' two hundred and eighty millions of Ca thblics, nor are some two hundred reverend gen tie tflen of his own church who became Catholics Within the last fifteen or sixteen years excepted, several of whom were the clearest heads in his own Oxford and Cambridge and are admittedly to day the most brilliant stars in the intellectual firmament of England, compared with whom, we here, must be content to be looked upon as the merest animalculi.'' The Rev. gentleman must certainly have been closely wrapped within the folds of a forgetful self-sufficiency when making use jit tV.o nnnnlit* anil, nhio'ctinnahle monosvllable. Id a subsequent passage he takes occasion from the -words of the ' decree' to question and smile at the authority of Saints Peter and Paul. The Pope cays1' if any should presume to assail it: (the Immaculate conception), let him know that he will incur tbe indignation of the Omnipotent God and of his blessed Apostles Peter and Paul.' The Rev. gentleman remarks 'It will certainly occur to many to ask what addition to the indignation of Almighty God can that of his holy Apostles be? Is his indignation not enough ? Does their's go beyond it, or prevail when his is «emoved ? A . letort may make thtir indignation intelligible to iinu In Matbew 19. 27. and 8 we find St PtUr, after declaring they had left all things to follow Christ, enquiring ' what therefore shall we have' Jesus answering said ' Amen I say to you, and when the son of man* shall sit on the seat of his Majesty, you also shall sit on twelve seats, judging '- the .twelve tribes of Israel.' It will certainly occur t»-many to ask what addition to the judgment of Al mighty God can that of his Holy Apostles be ? Is his judgement not enough, does theirs go beyond it, or prevail where His. has been delivered? But the great and unanticipated length my letter has reached Tenders it. necessary to close. I will do so with a few remarks on some passages in Rev. Mr. Kinross' letter. The Rev. gentleman lays down substantially the fol lowing syllogysm to prove that no honor is die to the Blessed Virgin. 'St. Paul, was a true Christian , but do mention is made of the Blessed Virgin in his epistles ; thereforethere isno honor due to the Blessed 'Virgin I!' Rarely, indeed, are we treated to so logical ; a conclusion as this, but the correctness of it will be . more obvious when viewed from the same premises. I draw quite a? strange yet as warrantable a con clusion. St, Paul was a true Christian, (few. will depy the Major), but there's no mention made, of the Blessed Virgin in his epistles, therefore there . never was such a person as the Blessed Virgin! 1 The revd. gentleman thinks the doctrines of Pur gatory and Invocation of Saints unscriptural ,and untenable for sufficient information on both, I take the liberty to refar him to Birhop Challonei's *', Catholic Christian Instructed,'. chaps, 14. and 24. v and to an admirable epitomised controversial work : by Archdeacon M'Encroe of Sydney, entitled ' The panderings of. the Human Mind.' While thank ing the. Rev. Gentleman for his advice on the necer* ity of being 'loyal' I feel bound to inform him that I respect and admire the Queen and, 'British Constitution' and that disloyalty is an ingredient ,. not. found in the Catholic heart. It was quite. ud- ,: .neceisary to remind me that ' I was not now in the ..?South o£ Ireland' aa I am perfectly aware of -my .? present geographical position. . Apoljgising for so lengthened a trespass on your \- time,r-I.am, Sir, very faithfully yours, -( D.J.D'ARCY. \- ., ' ' ? -? ? ii i '.' I, Saint Patrick's ;.., Hall.— On Thursday evening one of the largest assemblages that ?'^fer'toofc place within the walla of St. Patrick's ' ! JEtaJi met, to hear, the final concert given by the tliancashice Bell Ringers and Mr.. 0. Stewart. These '? gentlemen had kindly given : their gra? Vtditous serviqes and the proceeds which must . amduiit to something considerable, will be ...ianded over to the Sisters of. Charity. The '/ pieces selected were some of their best, and /iric'luaea rtb£ Blue Bells of Scotland, Royal Irish ^aclrilleij and St. Patrick's Day. Nearly every ^piaoe.performeJ had to be repeated, which made , , Jibe . concert rather late before it terminated. . y.Mr. Stewart had several encores. The Venera .jjble. Archdeacon M'Encroe. and Father Con way ??'-. with. Aldermen Garaher, Hurley, Raphael, and ?..'. Mr.,..Freehill were present. The judicious s7arrqngerafint? made by Messrs. Oaraher and , jFreehill prevented any inconvienoe which must Ue0?^arily have arisen through the immense ^jcr^wdithatiwas present. ? . - - .. ' -.'?fift^c- ?-????. ? v ' ':' .-' V''' ''- : ' ' ' ''?? ' 