TOPICS OF THE WEEK 'With reference to a complaint recently made in our columns by a District Clerk, that he cannot get his money for compiling the Jury lists, we have made enquiry and find that all accounts sent in for that service were examined and passed for payment on the 4th instant, since when the money has been ready at the Treasury. In the Insolvent Court on Monday Thomas Long was awarded a second-class certificate, but to be sus pended for two years on account of his previous insolvency within 10 years, and not having paid his creditors 5s. in the pound. S. Stacey was granted a third-class certificate in consideration of his account of giving away a large amount of property to his son not being satisfactory. We are informed that the District Clerks have not yet been paid for compiling the Jury List forwarded to the Government in November last, and we have been requested by ' One who wants his Money' to try and pet it for him. We are sure that it only needs this little hint to induce the Chief Secretary to stir himself in the matter. In fact, we don't believe he can be aware of the delay that has occurred. Why _i ? u ^i ? i_ _ **___ _„.!. jAinn ,.1. nii q ftil.a ~n?n4w?fl^ SUULLIIX Micro uo any au.vi± uciajr du aur luo jjlovllmv Clerks work hard enough, and work fer little enough, without being kept month after month out of their money. The amount due will, no doubt, be at once paid ; it is a mere trifle, and should be handed over forthwith. Only two cases were brought before Mr. Beddomei P.M., on Saturday. The defendants, who pleaded guilty to a charge of drunkenness, were fined 5s. each. It will be seen from an announcement in another column that the Albert Bells Committee is now fairly organised. The friends of the movement may there fore at once begin to collect and forward donations. The Melbourne Herald of the 20fch instant has the following paragraph : — Major Pitt's mission has been so far successful that, in two days, he has been able to obtain upwards of 200 men as military settlers. Of course, the most glaring misrepresentations of the services which they will be called upon to perform have been resorted to, and one of the recruiting party has had the audacity to state that the land upon which the military settlers will be located, is worth £3 per acre. The fact is that the New Zealand Go vernment reserve to themselves the power of sending the new arrivals to wherever the exigencies of the native question may require. The question of the legality of these enlistments has been brought before f-.lio (^nvoi*nmanf lint. 1\A'flim* 'Pitf. annnnnrtoo Ilia intention of persevering unless forcibly prevented, and the Crown Law Officers have we understand de cided that the authorities have no power to interfere. It has, however, been suggested to the local Govern ment to send immigration agents armed with suitable powers, to both Otago and Taranaki. Arrangements have been made by which several of the wives and families of those already serving in the local forces in New Zealand will join their husbands.' It will be seen by a telegram in another column that Major Pitt has enlisted altogether 422 volunteers in Victoria. Of this number, 285 are single men and 137 married men, who take their wives with them. Two hundred and eighty men were to leave on Saturday (this day) for Auckland by the Gresham, which has been speci ally charted for the purpose. We understand Mr. T. P. Hill has been engaged by the Christchurch Young Men's Literary Asso ciation to deliver a course of lectures, commencing next Monday evening, at half-past 7 o'clock in the Christchurch School-room. We are really glad to see that this Society has determined not to allow Mr. Hill to take his departure without deriving that in struction and benefit which he is so well able to afford. On Monday we saw the address which is to be pre sented to TTia Excellency Sir Dominick Daly by the City Council with respect to the laying of the foun dation-stone of the Albert Tower and its dedication, as published in our paper a week ago. It is beauti fully engrossed on parchment by Mr. Claxton, and it will uuniituu Liie aigiiaburu ui tuo -ixuiyur, v/uuiiuiiiur», and Town Clerk. It is also intended to place at the head of the address a protograph perspective of the proposed Town Hall, from a drawing by Mr. Woods, of the firm of Wright & Woods, architects. We saw a proof of the photograph, as executed by the Photo graphic Company, and it is an exceedingly good one. His Excellency's reply to the address was as follows : — ' South Australia, Government House, January 25, 1664\. Gentlemen — I receive with extreme pleasure your address announcing the dedication of the ' Albert Tower ' about to be erected in front of the Town Hall to the memory of the late Prince Consort of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen. Nothing could be more appropriate than the action you have taken in fiTthihiHnir vonr aiFantinnata lnvalfrv to our beloved Sovereign, and in thus honoring the memory of the lamented Prince whose chief aim during life was to improve the condition of the people and to promote their best interests. The address which you have been pleased to hand to me shall be for warded by the outgoing mail steamer to His Grace the Secretary of State for the Colonies, and it will doubtless be another evidence to Her Majesty of the wide-spread and heartfelt affection and veneration with which her subjects regard the memory of the late excellent and lamented Prince. I have, &c;, D. Daly, Governor.' The polling for the £1,000, or £4,000 extra loan on account of the Adelaide Town Hall, commenced at 10 o'clock on Monday. By an error in the ad vertisement it was intimated that there were three alternatives to choose from, namely, to vote £1,000, to vote £4,000 ; or to vote that there be no further borrowing. The last alternative was not, however, submitted to the vote, as no votes could legally be taken upon it. The only nuestiana that nould nossiblv hp. rfonidarl at thn poll were those qustions sent to the poll by the previous meeting. Now the only ques tions raised on Friday were — the original motion for £4,000 and the amendment for £1,000. The original motion being declared carried, a poll was demanded on behalf of the supporters of the amendment. No other matters being referred to the electors no others could be voted upon. Mr. Councillor Thomas presided in the morning and His Worship the Mayor in the afternoon. At a quarter to 5 o'clock His Worship announced the result of the voting to be as follows : — Persons votine. For £4,000 ? — ? 296 For £1,000 ? 60 Majority ? 236 No. of votes. For £4,000 ? 1,023 For £1,000 ? 240 Majority ? 783 He therefore declared the proposition for £4,000 carried. For some days past there ha9 been exhibited at the Exchange a photograph of the bridge across the River Murray at Wahgunyah. The bridge cost £10,000, and it is suggested that it ' might serve as a model for the crossing at Wellington.' [All but the £10,000.] We have been informed that Mr. J. B. Austin has been appointed to the management of the Kadina and Wallaroo Sailway Company, and that he enters upon his duties on Monday next, February 1. A report from the captain of the Karkarilla Mine was received in Adelaide on Saturday, stating the lode in Shaft No. 1 continues improving, being now fully two feet wide of solid ore, and having veins running into it from various parts of the shaft. Small branches of ore are also met with in cutting the flat in Shaft No. 2. Oa Saturday morning a lode varying from 20 inches to 2 ieet was cut at the Adelaide Mine. The specimens are of a high percentage, and the captain is of opinion that a good substantial lode has been discovered. The Telegraph had better take out a patent for itself, and then, perhaps, it will not be ' imitated ' ! The Telegraph says the Express ' imitates' it ! Well, if that did not put one in good humour, it would be proof positive of incapacity to enjoy a joke. And yet there is some truth in the joke. We print on paper, on white paper, with ink, with black ink, we arrange our type in columns, we sell our penny paper for a penny, we pub lish our evening paper in the evening, we report shipping news, police news, &c;, &c;, all of which arrangements, of course, we copied from the Telegraph, as it is impossible such a coincidence could have obtained accidentally There are two or three respects, however, in which the Telegraph would be glad if it could imitate the Express, to wit, in the extent of its circulation, in the fullness and im portance of its telegrams, in the general copious ness of its news, and — not to put too fine a point upon it — in the extent of the popularity which the Express has achieved. We are sorry the Register should be displeased with us for correcting bis flour statistics. We published in the Advertiser on Monday a series of tables which we compiled for the purpose of showing the wheat and flour export of 1863, and we made the total 60,504£ tons. On Wednesday the Begister gave an estimate, setting down the total at 54,945 tons. We pointed out on Thursday that our contemporary had understated the amount by more than 5,000 tons. The Segister cannot deny the blunder ; but instead of candidly confessing it, publishes a sneering para graph, thanking us for the great pains we have taken in analysing his tables, with a view to test then* accu racy — and so on. We can assure our contemporary that we have not thought it worth our while to ana lyze his tableB at all — with the exception of his wheat and flour table — and we should not have examined Hurt, but as there was a difference of more than 5,000 tons between us, we felt bound, having ascertained where the error lay, to vindicate our own figures so Rriously impugned, The Begistert acknowledging that we have set him right in the little error of 5,000 tons of flour, ' has much pleasure in returning the compliment,' and thereupon proceeds to correct one or two of our own figures. Quite right : only we are sure our contemporary will see that the ' return ' he makes is a very insignificant one compared with the benefit he received. He says the Advertiser gives the hay export for 1863 at 2,8735 tons, whereas it should be 2,875! quarters (!) So there are two tons of hay (the Register calls them '? Quarters '^ wrnncr in our fijmrea acainst fi.000 tons of flour wrong in the Register's ! He says that we give the exports of wheat for Port Elliot for the third quarter of 1863 at 1,050 quarters, whereas it should be 1,056, and that we make the export of wheat in all the year 116,630£ quarters, whereas it should be 116,530. We inay remark that as the (fficial returns for the quarter ending December 31st : have not yet been published, it is possible that ^^ trivial errors may have crept in, and it is just as ^^BL_- likely that in these small differences the Advertiser ^Wl is right as that the Register is. Our contemporary says that in our tables ' the exports from Blanche town are entirely omitted for the third quarter.' This is true. The export waB 23 tons of flour, and we took the figures from a return made up before the export from that port was notified. But this item only makes the case so much the worse for the Register, because we have to add that 23 tons to the amount of the deficiency already shown in our contemporary's estimate. The Register points out that we set down the Willnnga export in the September quarter at 752 tons, whereas it was only 572 tons. Now had our contemporary looked at the total at the foot of the column he would have seen that only 572 had been reckoned, proving that this was the quantity inserted, the transposition of the 5 and 7 being thus demon strated to be a printer's error. We are very glad that our contemporary has been driven to test our figures, because, against his will, he proves their sub stantial accuracy, and at the same time allows that we have pointed out to him an error of more than 5,000 tons in his calculations of the wheat and flour export of 1863. As we said before, we were compelled to notice this error, or submit to have a serious doubt cast upon our own figures. The Register makes a merit of having said on Thursday that three or four errors had been discovered, and would be corrected. But we had not seen this admission when our correc tion was penned, nor, if we had, would it have ren dered the correction needless, as the Register, with reference to the errors in its figures, said — ' The only one requiring special notice is the statement that the ceneral revenue of 1863 was an increase of more than 15 per cent, on . that of 1862. It should have been 12 per cent.' It is thus pretty clear that the Register was not aware, until we pointed it out, that the wheat nnri flnnr pmnpt nf 1AR3 Txrna 11nrlpr-aat-.im11i-.flri in ita columns to the extent of more than 5,000 tons ; and under these circumstances we do not think our con temporary should charge us with going out of our tray in the matter. By the courtesy of Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. we have received the Calcutta market report of the 22nd of December, which contains an account of the depressed state of the markets at that date. The report states that the scarcity of money is on the increase ; that the larger shipments of specie from Europe have not arrived as anticipated ; that the fortnighly draw ings of the Council of India had been increased by £200,000 per annum, which would probably reduce the silver shipments from England ; that a falling off in the treasuries was anticipated through dealers in opium being unable to release their Government securi ties ; that the Bank of Bengal granted loans to a limited extent only ; that general trade was almost at a standstill ; that Government securities were declin ing daily, 5^ per cent, being Its. 4 premium ; and that the trade both as regarded imports and exports had almost come to a deadlock. Until relief in the shape of ingots of silver for the Mint came it was expected their trade would be paralysed. Mr. A. Scott has kindly furnished us with the fol lowing : — The exports of tea from China to Australia during the season 1863-4 have been as follows : — lbs. 1863— Exported previous to ITovemberin 21 vessels 5,655,756 Nov. 2— Jessie Beazley, from Foochoofoo to Adelaide ... ... ? 525,700 13— Narciss, from do. to Australia ? 168,760 13— Lnsitania, do. to Adelaide ? 209,000 20 -Brilliant, do. to Melbourne ? 277.800 21 — Eliza Cony, do. and Hongkong to Aus tralia ? 229,320 Total ? 7,066,336 against same period last year of 6,409,735 lbs. We understand from late advices received by com mercial firms in the colony from their correspondents at home that all kinds of bags and sacking have risen considerably in value ; and that wheat has risen from Is. to 2s. per quarter more than it was during the previous month. In the Local Court, on Thursday, an important question arose in the case of Webb v. Ellis, with re ference to the validity of bills of sale registered under the Registration Act of 1862. In the case in ques tion a bill of sale had been registered under the Act of 1862, and Mr. Boucaut argued at great length that inasmuch as the Supreme Court had decided in Drifneld's case that that Act did not repeal the old i Registration Act, and as the old Registration Act enacts that the registration of bills of sale to be valid must be made within five days of their execution, and in the form prescribed by the schedule to that Act, and as the Act of 1862 allows 14 days and requires ~* quite a different form of registration, that all bills of sale registered under the last named Act are void. The Court disallowed the objection, but as the im portance of the question to the profession was strongly urged by Mr. Boucaut and Mr. Moulden, His Honor agreed to reserve the point for the opinion of the Supreme Court. A correspondent, referring to the extracted article we lately published on the mines of Lake Superior, says that he has seen at the Moonta specimens of native silver in combination with malleable copper, similar, he presumes, to those obtained from the Lake Superior Mines. We are indebted for the following to a cor respondent. There was a more than usual attend ance at the meeting of the Methodist New Connexion Literary and Philosophical Society on Wednesday night ; the subject of the evening being a lecture by the Rev. the President on the ' Tracks of McXinlay across the Continent.' The Rev. Mr. Maughan having been a fellow- passenger with that gallant ex plorer and party during their return trip to this colony from their late explorations, he had the privilege of receiving much information personally from them. The lecturer in his opening remarks said that the subject of Australian exploration was full of interest to the colonists, and geographical discoveries were of the greatest value to the world. As Englishmen — it gratified our curiosity ; and because of our commer cial interests, because of the duty of maintaining our reputation for scientific skill, it was inherent in the English to desire to explore and discover any new land. There was an unconquerable desire in them to spread their commerce by opening up fresh countries as outlets for their produce. The rev. gentleman said he was glad that very much had been done by that brave party. He mentioned four great problems which 20 years ago were as sealed books — First, the discovery of a North-West Passage; second, the character of the interior of -^ South Africa; third, the Source of the Nile ; fourth, .'the interior of Australia. Now, all was clear. The appreciation of the labours of the various discoverers by most countries — England especially, was eloquently dwelt upon by Mr. Maughan ; and in coming to the last 'T one — that of the centre of our own continent — he commenced by paying a most grateful tri bute to Stuart, whom he named the father of ex plorers, and stated that his all but complete success at the first gave rise in the neighboring colony to the desire to share in the glory and honor attached to so great a deed. After rapidly glancing at the expedi tions of Eyre, Leichardt, Sturt, Stuart, Burke and Wills, he dwelt fully and graphically on the particulars of McKinlay's expedition — their narrow escapes by land and water, and their varied hardships. Many other deeply interesting and impor tant items of detail occupied the rev. gentleman till 10 o'clock. He concluded with a few practical remarks on the subject as interesting to the rising generation, and the lessons that may be drawn from the persevering and enduring spirit that animated and sustained the heroic bands of Australian explorers. It is rumoured that a case of small-pox has broken out at Hog Bay, Kangaroo Island. Dr. Duncan, Health Officer, proceeded there in the Government tender Blanche on Sunday night. We beg to direct atttention to our telegram, an nouncing the intended visit to this colony of the All England Eleven. A correspondent sends us the following report of the Bremer Mine, under date Callington, January 20 : — ' There is an increase in the quantity of ore raised this month over any previous one, 240 tons having been raised and dressed. This will prove the satisfactory state of the mine. Smelting has been nearly at a standstill from ' want of wood, the harvest occupying the carters just now. [We under stand that arrangements are being completed for smelting with other fuel than wood, which, when carried out, will prevent that difficulty arising again. The 53 level end is giving large quantities of fine ore, the bunch being upwards of seven fathoms acrosss and as the winzes from the 43 are all being sunk in good ore, the returns from the stopes in the 53 will be immense. All other underground' A workings show like improvement as they go down, the shaft having strings of ore across the bottom, under the 53 flat, which will no doubt ease the sinking very much.' Circulars, of which the following is a copy, have , been sent through the Government to the' Agent General in England. Small parcels have been also forwarded to other influential persons at home :— , 'City of Adelaide, South Australia — The Council having resolved to name the tower now erecting in front of the Town Hall 'The Albert Tower,' in honor of the late Prince Consort of our Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, it has been determined to provide a peal of eight bells to be placed in such tower, to be named 'The Albert Bells,' and an influ ential Committee has been formed to collect subscrip tions for the purchase and fifing of the same. There being many South Australians now in England who take a deep interest in the affairs of the colony, it is believed that they will kindly aid the local effort now being made to revive old associations, many of the colonists having left the mother country for a number of years, and may never see it again. The Agent General of the colony has been requested to receive I donations ; and F. H. Faulding, Esq., ex-Councillor j for EGndmarsh Ward, Adelaide, who is proceeding j to England by the mail taking this, will also act in that capacity, or the same may be forwarded to the colony direct, or to tha,Mayor or Hon. See. . On behalf of the Albert Bells Committee — Samuel Goode, Mayor; W. A. Hughes, Town Clerk, Hon. Sec. Adelaide, January 20, 1864.' We are informed that telegrams were received in Adelaide on Monday to the effect that the Court- Martial on Captain Saunders, of the 12th, has ter- minated, after a most protracted enquiry, in a verdict of acquittal. This will be a welcome piece of information to the many friends of that officer in this colony. Captain Hunter attended at the Globe Inn on Monday to enrol -volunteers for the New Zealand local forces. The office was open from 11 a.m. until 4 p.m., and about fifty persons presented themselves for enrolment, of whom thirty were accepted and twenty rejected, partly on account of age and partly because of the colonial regulations with regard to the newly-arrived immigrants. Captain Hunter se lected eome of the enrolled men as non-commissioned officers. A fire started at the Maurice TH11 on the Pekina run on the 17th, and after destroying some 60 square miles of country in a southerly direction, together with some huts and fences, was providentially ex tinguished by copious rain. Fortunately no sheep were lost In this part of the country, as well as ferther north, we learn that there were several showers of rain during the week before last. It may be in the recollection ol some of our readers that Prince Frederick of AuguBtenberg, who, as we learn by the last English news, is at the head of the Schleswig- Holstein movement, visited Adelaide in the year 1851. Having been compelled to leave his country for a time in consequence of the active part taken by Him in the rebellion of 1849, he travelled through the Australian colonies (under the assumed name of Lieut. Grunwald) in company with Captain Rfonlov Ho it Th» frnnt iinnsqnmmc manner and the kind and amiable disposition of the young prince — for he was but 19 years of age when he left Holstein ? left a deep and most favorable impression on all who knew him. After his stay in Adelaide he visited Melbourne and Sydney; and the vexed question having been settled in 1852, when his father, the late Duke of Augustenberg, renounced bis right to the Duchies, Prince Frederick returned home. The following telegrams were received at Port Adelaide on Saturday. The first is from Captain Smith to R. M. Tapley : — ' The schooner Alexander went onshore on Friday night, at Cape Elizabeth, 15 miles from Wallaroo. Vessel discharging.' The second from the Harbor-Master, Wallaroo, to the President of the Marine Board, states — ' Alexander is ashore at Cape Elizabeth, a total wreck. Went ashore at 7 p.m. on Friday. The crew have arrived safe.' An interesting match was played at Glenelg on Saturday, between eleven of the members of the Glenelg Club and an equal number of squatters. The day 1788 delightful, and induced, many ladies as well as gentlemen to visit the scene of recreation. The match was decided by the first innings, there being insuffi cient time to conclude another innings on both sides. The Glenelg Club were the victors, Having obtained 99 runs against 78 made by their opponents. The squatters went to the wickets a second time, and almost equalled the All-England in their score mating 149 runs, of which Mr. Hurst made 50 and Mr. Squires 41. Mr. Carlia, on the side of the Glenelg Club, scored the highest number, 35 runs. Mr. A. Abrahams has courteously obliged us with the following news from Batavia, under date of November 30th, 1863: — 'It is estimated that our crop of sugar will fall short of what was anticipated by 30,000 tons, owing to the very heavy rains ex perienced during the entire season. Australian flour is in good demand, and the consumption is increasing.' The pupils of the Commercial School, Lefevre's Peninsula, to the number of about 70, and also a number of their parents and friends, were entertained at the schoolroom, on Friday evening, 22nd instant, by Mr. John Martin, of the Fellenburg Commercial School, Adelaide, who exhibited a choice variety of his dissolving views, which gave great satisfaction to all present for nearly two hours. At the close of whioh three hearty cheers Were given by the boys to Mr. Martin for his entertainment and kindness for the instruction and amusement afforded them. \ We have received by the last mail a copy of 'Silver's Guide to Australasia.' It is a kind of 'Murray' for the Australian, and we can certify to itB general accuracy and great value. It gives historical y and statistical accounts of all the Australasian colonies, including New Zealand, the whole constitu ting one of the most valuable hand- books on thesubject that we have ever seen. There are some well executed maps, and the whole is well got up. We must, how ever, remark that it was published just previously to the recent annexation of the Northern Territory to South Australia, so that South Australia appears of more limited area than is now its due. But this can scarcely be called a fault, and it certainly is no draw back to the very useful publication which we now take pleasure in noticing. According to an advertisement in our column a match came off between the South Australian and TCaatAim Stnhni*}ifin C\tnnkt-t fHnhs at Ttani; TViwn nn Saturday last. The former club sustained a severe defeat at the hands of the Eastern Suburbans last season; but, nothing daunted, challenged them again, and bid fair to meet with the same treatment this year. Mr. Scandrett acted as captain for the Easterns, and Mr. Perymanfor the South Australians, Messrs. Evans and Cowie fulfilling the duties of umpires. The South Australians having won the toss sent their opponents to the wickets, and sue ceded in taking six wickets for about 20 runs. This looked very awkward for the Easterns, but their luck changed at last by Headman mating a determined stand, and adding, by careful play, 21 runs to the score ; Cox also batted fairly for 11 runs. The re mainder were soon disposed of. In noticing this innings, we must not forget to mention that the South Australians fielded wen, Avers, especially, was capital' at point, and succeeded in muting three catches. The South Australians now went to the wickets, and were soon dispatched for 32 runs, only nine overs being re nnirf-rl to p.ffent th« removal of the whole eleven. The Easterns fielded well — in fact, in no match in the colony do we remember to have Been such good fielding on both sides as was witnessed on Saturday. After an interval, the Easterns again handled the willow, and by the capital play of C. Gooden and ^~ Scandrett succeeded in making a total of 67 rums with six wickets down. As there was no time to finish the match it was postponed to a future occasion. We have made no mention of the bowling, but append an analysis with the scores : — r Eastern Suburban Cricket Club. First Innings. Second Innings. O. Gooden, jun,, b. FLett™ ... o b. Gouge ? 4 Toms, c Ayers, b. Peryman ... 5 c. Ayers, b. Flett... 4 J. Gooden, c. Ayers ? l not out ? i C. Gooden, b. Flett ... ... 3 b. Flett ... .„ 22 Spiller, b. Peryman ? 2 b. Peryman ... 1 Scandrett, b. Peryman ... ... 3 not ont ? 19 Smith, st. Fisher ~ ? 4 runout ... ... 2 Beadman, c. Ayerg— ? 21 b. Peryman ... 7 Denby, b. Peryman ? 6 Cox, b. Flett ? 11 Weeies, not ont ? 2 Byes „ ? 1 ? 3 Wides ... .„ ... ... 1 ... ... ... 2 iiegbyes™ ? 2 « ? 1 5To bullR ? ... ? ? n — ? ? l 62 67 South Australian Cricket Club. first Innings. Ayers. c. Beadman, b. Toms ... ... 0 Flett, b. Toms— ™ ... ™ ... 10 Peryman, c. G. Gooden, b. Toms ? 1 FiBher, b. J. Gooden ? 3 ' Boottaby, c. C. Gooden, b. Toms ? 0 Jafirey, b. Toms ... ? ... 1 Gouge, b. Toms ? c Schlinke, not out ? 9 Giles, b. Toms ? 1 i .m-\ Bemmington, b. Toms .„ ? 0 \£ ' T. Wooas, b. Toms ? 0 Wide ? ... „ 1 Total ? 32 Analysis of the bowling. — Eastern Suburbans — Toms, five overs, 14 runs, one wide, nine wickets ; J. Gooden, four overs, 17 runs, one wicket. South Anotrftlians — Peromsn. 28 overs. 34 runs. 2 wides. six maidens, seven wickets ; Flett, 23 overs, 63 runs, one maiden, five wickets ; Gouge, four overs, 18 runs, one wide, one no ball, one wicket ; Fisher, two overs, ?even runs. The returns from 35 District Councils have been sent in, containing nominations of gentlemen to sit as elective members of the Central Road Board. Thirteen districts did not vote, viz., those of Aldinga, Alexandrine Angaston, Macclesfield, Morphett Vale, Mount Gambler, Munno Para East, Myponga, Onka paringa, Para Wirra, Port Gawler, West Torrens, ► Tongkillo, and Upper Wakefield. The remaining districts gave votes as follows : — D. Ferguson, 29 ; W. Duffield, 24 ; A. HaUett, 21 ; D. Sutherland, 17 ; W. Everard, 10 ; R. S. Kelly, 10 ; T. Magarey, 4 ; G-. McEwin, 6; J. Dunn, 3; A. Blyth, 3; W. Cavanagh, 2; A. Shannon, 2; R. Holland, 1; E. i Bowman, 1; W. Clark, 2; and J. HaUett, L. We have on former occasions referred to the unsatis factory war in which gentlemen — without their consent beuig obtained— without even their know ledge of what is intended, being thus nominated for public offices. It places the gentlemen so dealt with in s ridiculous position, and the rotes given for them are simply thrown sway. The reports from the Yudanamutana mineB con tinue very good. The lode in the 16-fathom level is one foot wide of rich black ore ; the stopes upon Section 135a continue to yield their usual supply of rich grey ore, and the big stope is looking as well as ever. At the Blinm&n; the sinking in the course of the lode is moat promising, for three fathoms below the 16-fathom level it is from, six to ten feet wide in the ends. On the eastern side it is about 20 per cent, as it stands, and soft for breaking. The big bunch is I now 14 fathoms deep and as good as ever. It now 1 assumes the form of a basin of 12 feet diameter ; the I ore is a dark grey oxide intermixed with carbonates ' — it is altogether the finest bunch I have ever seen. The fire was lit in the smelting furnace on the 8th instant. The work is well seasoned, and we shall commence to run into regains on Monday. The ore is easily found, so we may expect the best results. [ A tea and public meeting was held in Freeman street Church, in connection with the anniversary of I that place of worship, on Tuesday evening, the 26th i instant. A large number of persons were present at 1 the public meeting, which was presided over by the Chief Justice. Several very able and interesting addresses were delivered in the course of the evening. The proceedings, of which a full report will be found in another column, were concluded about a quarter to 10 o'clock. While putting up the great iron girder at the National Bank some of the scaffolding gave way and fell with a tremendous crash. Fortunately no one was near enough to be touched by it ; but it is a great wonder everybody escaped so luckily. In the Insolvency Court, on Tuesday, C. C. Bruce was awarded a second-class certificate to be suspended for two years, on account of bis previous insolvency without any dividend. The performance at the Victoria Theatre on Tues day evening, for the benefit of the wives and families of the soldiers of the 40th Regiment, who were des patched hence to New Zealand, was in every respect a great success. The West Adelaide Dramatic Club have, we may safely say, acquired a state of proficiency in their elocutionary attainments which they need not be ashamed of, and which cannot be surpassed by any such similar society in Adelaide. As far as the attendance was concerned, we are happy to announce that the pit, stalls, and gallery were filled ; in fact, scores of parties had to stand throughout the whole evening, being unable to obtain a seat. The boxes were comfortably and respectably occupied. The performance commenced with a very pleasing piece, entitled 'The Rent Day.' The scenery and dresses of the various characters were well and judiciously dis played, while the acting was of a nature which no professional company could despise. The audience repeatedly expressed their approval of satisfaction by rounds of applause. The characters of Squire Rowley, Frank Arnold, Headley, and Grasp were carefully and /vnn«A/-f:W tfiYTAn THin ffATiflamfLn whn nnrfnmiAri the part of Cornelius Crimp was evidently the best ; his drollery, and near approach to Greville's style of acting, was really very creditable. Mrs. H. J. Ray played her character, Mary Warrington, with her usual success. At the fall of the curtain each of the best characters were called before the audience. A very pretty romantic Scotch drama ' The Rose of Etrick Vale' followed. Wandering Steenie, Red Ronald, and the Guy o' the Gap were well pourtrayed. The performances concluded with a very laughable farce, 'The Limerick Boy.' We hope the Society will ere long give another performance ; for, judging from the approbation that was elicited last evening we can safely predict a large and remunerative audience. The First Adelaide Rifle Band, aided by various other musicians, gratuitously rendered their services on the occasion. The orchestra numbered nearly a score. We have received a copy of a pamphlet entitled ' Glimpses into the Unseen and Unknown.' On noticing this sensational title we thought, of course, that the book would contain revelations of the spirit world, either by ' rappers' or ' second-sight' people, or spiritualists of some kind or other ; nor was our curiosity one whit diminished when we saw that these 'glimpses' were afforded by the Rev. R. Hauling and the Rev. J. Gardner ! However, not to keep our readers in an agony of suspense, we may at once state that the ' Unseen and Unknown' are the composi tions (unseen and unknown by the general nubluA submitted to the abovenamed gentlemen as 'specimens' of what various South Australian youth could do in the way of writing from dictation. Messrs. Raining and Gardner, it will be remembered, characterised somewhat strongly the ignorance of English composition betrayed by various candi dates at the recent Competitive Examinations, the censure being afterwards objected to as indis criminate and sweeping. The result is the appearance of the present pamphlet, consisting of 24 pages, and certainly including a most amazing number of blunders. The errors in spelling are such as the following : — Assylum, ulugists (for eulogists), Mazepper, Micham, ordianory, untaugt, chappels, suberbs, manal (for menial), euden, strugling, Govenor, liossepitai, nashional, Australissia, ininial throne (for menial throng), Botany gardens (for Botanic Gardens), Urtle Square, Witmore Square, Mr. Peacoks, torens, gass lights, and no end of corresponding novelties. The compo sition is on a par with the spelling : thus — ' A rail way laves Adelaide at various hours of the day.' ' The Botanic Gardens, which is visited, and which affords' &c.; ' These with a great number of churches for it may be said that the greater portion of the city and its inhabitants are civilized, and have em braced Christianity.' 'Adelaide has about 6,000 inhabitants which are greatly increasing.' 'A new Govenor has lately come to this country, named Dominic Daley the latter one was Sir Richard Graves Macdonnell.' ' I now close my report, which I hope will meet with the approvel of the Examinors.' We think, considering that 20 pages of such errors as the foregoing can be selected from the written compositions of one class in a competitive examination, that the Examiners were not only justified in calling attention to the matter, but that they were in duty bound to do so. On Tuesday evening, January 26, a soiree in con nection with the Port Adelaide Young Men's Improve ment Association was held in St. Paul's Church School-room, the proceeds of which were for the benefit of the St. Paul's Church Enlargement Fund. The large room was crowded. The President of the Association, the Rev. C. Marryat, occupied the chair. The report of the Society's progress was read by the Secretary, Mr. G. L. Anthony, from which it appeared their first meeting was held in July, 1863, numbering eight members, since which they had increased to 16 members. Their meetings had been held weekly fpr the object of mutual improvement, which had included Scripture reading, recitations, debates on vairous subjects, reading history, sciences, &c.; The Society was progressing very satisfactorily, and it was hoped beneficial Tesults and further progress would ensue. After this a number of reci citations were given by the members. The ' Arab Steed,' by W. Rosse; 'Hamlet's Soliloqy,' by J. Lake; 'Burial of Sir J. Moore,' by J. Rann ; ' Wolsey and Cromwell,' by Messrs. Hopkins and Frewin; the latter being well delivered by Mr. Hopkins, and the others evoked much applause. the Jsev. U. Marryatt gave an excellent lecture upon :c Wit and Folly.' The lecturer read and repeated lumerous extracts of celebrated wits, and in the second part of his lecture detailed various events of wit and folly in the ' Life of Theodore Hook,' and was frequently applauded in the course of his lecture. A humorous recitation by Mr. Green — ' Misadven tures at Margate' — was given in a most successful manner, and received an encore ; a song by Mr. J. Lake — ' Fll think of thee,' was given in a creditable manner. Recitations followed — the Ghost scene from 'Hamlet,' by Messrs. Rosse and Lane; 'The Spanish Armada,' by J. Clarke, with great applause ; and ' Virginius,' by the Rev. Mr. Pollitt, jun., was well rendered. Two overtures on the piano, by lady amateurs, were played during the evening, and a glee by three gentlemen amateurs. A vote of thanks to the ladies and Chairman, and the National Anthem closed the meeting. The entertainment will realize a nice little sum for the object intended. Mr. T. P. Hill gave his farewell elocutionary enter tainment at White's Room on Wednesday evening. There was a very large attendance, including the members of the Ministry, many ministers of religion, and members of the Legislature. It is no slight task for a man. alonn and iiTiRflRiaf'.arl t/mnrfai-failrA t-lio «i*vi.iaA ment of an audience throughout an evening, but, judging from the general applause which followed his efforts, Mr. Hill succeeded perfectly last night. He commenced his entertainment by expressing the pleasure he felt in seeing so many old South Aus tralian friends around him, and he then proceeded, after passing a high eulogy on the Pickwick Papers, to read from them the celebrated trial of ' Bardell v. Pickwick.' At the conclusion of Serjeant Buzfuz's address to the Jury there was a short interval, after which Mr. Hill gave with much effect the examina tion of the witnesses, altering the tones of his voice for each character, and then went on to the end of the trial. Another short interval followed, and Mr. Hill then opened what he termed his 'Box of Vocal Curiosities,' giving imitationsof two Victorianmembers of Parliament^ a Melbourne stump orator, and an American Revival Preacher, all of which were well received, but a loud burst of applause followed the recognition by the audience of the voice and manner when Mr. Hill, coming nearer home, imitated a certain well known South Australian legislator. The entertainment concluded by the recitation of Tennyson's celebrated lines on the charge of the Six Hundred at Balaklava. Mr. Hill then thanked the audieuce for their attendance, and took leave of them in a few well chosen words, expressing his hearty wishes for the welfare and prosperity of South Aus tralia. Before closing this notice we must say a word as to the great disadvantage under which Mr. Hill laboured last night — we refer to the room. Since the Assembly room bag been decorated the drapery which formerly hung round the walls has been removed, and though no doubt the removal improves the appearance of the room, it renders it much more difficult for a speaker to make himself perfectly heard. The modulations of the voice are lost, and the echo drowns the speaker's words as soon as he begins to raise his voice or express himself with much energy. This fault is of course more noticeable at the lower part of the hall, and in fact last night it rendered many of Mr. Hill's words quite unintelli' gible, although he is as clear and distinct a speaker as we could wish to hear. We take leave of Mr. T. P. Hill by wishing him all the success to which his study of the elocutionary art and his devotion to his profession so justly entitles him. Frank Fowler's name is well known in connection, with Australian literature as the author of ' Southern Lights and Shadows ' and several other works. His death, which occurred a short time ago, has been mourned by a large circle of friends — not only because of bis comparative youth, being only 30 years of age, but because of the evidence he gave of great ability as a public writer. His life was marked by many changes and vicissitudes which prevented him from making provision for his widow andthreechildren, who are consequently left in need. The friends of the young author knowing these circumstances have formed a Committee, headed by Dowager Lady Filmer and Lady Catherine Long for the purpose of raising a fund for the support of Mrs. Fowler and her children. Subscriptions can be forwarded to Mr. William Walter, 18, New Bridge-street, Blaokfriars, London, E. C, and no doubt a little from the deceased's Australian friends and admirers would be very acceptable. The new foot-bridge connecting Gawler north and south was opened by the Mayor of Gawler Town in due form on Wednesday afternoon. The Ancient Order of Foresters are, we are in formed, about to make arrangements for a grand picnic and procession to take place on Easter Monday next. Various Courts have appointed Committees to make the necessary enquiries. It is probable that the Exhibition Building on the North Park Lands will be the scene of the festivities. The following tenders have been received at the office of the Colonial Architect, for supplying a corrugated galvonized iron roof for the boathouse at Macdonnell Bay : — E. Brooks, £47 (accepted) ; F. H. White, £48 10s. ; J. Madham, £49 5s. ; English & Brown, £57; W. Reynolds, £62 10s. We find that Dr. Cumming has been again ven turing upon specific dates for the fulfilment of Daniel's predictions. He recently laid before a New castle audience certain deductions of his, which pointed to 1867 as the close of the present economy. He said he believed the last desperate battle-field would be near Jerusalem, and that France, Russia, and England would be the combatants. Mr. Aldridge is making strenuous exertions to get Mr. Marshall's offer accepted for the All-England Eleven to visit this colony. Mr. Marshall's offer is more liberal to us than to any other colony, and having offered him terms which he appears willing to accept, it will be a great reflection upon us if we cannot muster sufficient to enable the bargain to be completed. The appearance in our midst of the All-England Eleven would be the most novel thing we have ever had here in the recreation line ; and its novelty alone would probably ensure its success. We would again urge our cricketers to band together and make a strenuous effort to carry out the affair creditably. 