Tho Past Season. Dbak Bell,— It has been my custom for tho past fow years to send you a review of each season's doings as soon as tho winter sets in, imd tho racing therefore brought to a close for the time being. In accordance, then ?with my custom, I now propose to commence my resume of our turf doings during 1863-04, and in so doing I find beforo me a task at onco pleasurable and profitable. It strikes mo that, in my previous histories of tho Victorian Turf, I havo been somewhat disposed to go too fully into details, which are neither interesting nor of service to tho general reader ; highly interesting, no doubt, at the time, and such ns should bo homo in mind by the turf speculator, but of no weight or importance in after months, when the horses and tho races that they ran were for gotten. I purpose then this winter to make my letters to you more chatty than heretofore, and moro especially I mean to dwell upon all mat tors which either directly or indirectly bear upon tho Melbourne Cup ; tho race which undoubtedly stands in the samo position as regards us Australians, ns the great Kpsom Derby does amongst the turf men of tho old country. During the winter months in Old England we used to talk and bet upon tho Derby ; hero in Melbourno wo moot and discuss tlie probablo winner of the Melbourne Cim. ' Last year our metropolitan racing folks were so very impatient, that on tho first day of the turf year, we betook ourselves to Campbelltield to witness the cross-country contests which our old acquaintance, so woll known-as ' the Ghost,' had been called upon to superintend. 'Tlio Ghost,' by-the-by, is now hanging out in Duncdinor thereabouts; ho must be turning his attention to other tbingsthero than those i that bo much, engrossed his time and thought in this colony. 13ut of the Campbellfield St'wplechnses on tho 1st of last August, — I remember it was a glorious day ; nnd such a cay assemblage of Mel bourno horsemen and horsewomen graced the head-quarters paddock as mado one's heart rojoica again. But coming homo wo were caught in tho wet, and I remember wo all returned to Melbourno that evening like drowned rats. It was at Campbellfield that Alico first mado a name for herself as a steeplechase mare ; sho had previously been regarded as a very indifferent animal, so much, so that the top weight cave tho grey mare 281b. Longbow, who brought with him a great nnmo from tho West, was made the favourite, but ho mot TOth Bomo accident towards tho finish of tho race, and came in for nothing better than third place ; another hitherto outsider, Countess, separating tho favourite from tho winner. The Tally-ho Steeplechase brought out Albion and Johnny Abbott ns winners ; and a Scurry Steeple chase was carried off by that veteran of tho po3t and rail business — Pivoy. A month elapsed, and wo had tho Ivnnhoo Steeplechases ; but they were nothing like so grand an nflair as those I have just referred to, neither the horses nor the company being up to tho former standard. But tho course was si beauty, every jump from end to end being visiblo from the starting paddock, nnd only that the finish was too rmich up-hill, I should pronounco it tho moat perfect steeple chase course in tho colony. If ever our pro i'ected 'Grand National' comes to anything, '. should adviso tho Ivanhoe course to bo in spected beforo the venuo is ffted upon. At Ivanhoo the Campbellfield winners won again, Alice, although she met Donovan Brown on a stone lietter terms than before, again scoring-nn easy win. Wo little thought then what .1 dangerous marc Alico would prove herself all through the season. A fortnight after the Ivanhoo fixture, tho Gceloug and Western Hunt Club held their annual steeplechase — a poor affair, after tho very brilliant race of tho previous spring, and, I regret to add, the last flicker of tlint jolly 'band of brothers' — tho Geelong hunt- ing men. The Master of tho Geelong Hunt, Mr. Brook, won the Cup on Chickermaroo — oidy three others going against him. Since then, the Geelong Hunt has been broken up; the head men of tho club have been scattered to all parts of Australia; tho hounds havo joined the Melbourne pack; and there remains not a vestigo of tho Geelong Hunt, wIiobo sport two' seasons n;;o was so much envied by the Nimrods of Melbourne. Up to this time we had devoted ourselves only to tho jumping work, but on tho first of October commenced tho legitimnte s)x-rt at Ballaarat — tho Grand Champion Meeting occupying the first three days of that month. And n glorious threo days it was, the sun shining out in idl his splendour from tho morn of tho first day to the eve of tho last — tho green grass anil tho distant foliage re niindin' one of the meadow lands of old England — tho ladies and tho men of Ballaarat crowding tbe grand stand and look ing the very perfection of health nnd happi ness, all seeming to unite in making the raco mooting at Ballaarat the grand turf festival it was intended to be So far as tho Cham pion llace itself is concerned, I must admit it was not tho brilliant affair it promised to bo when the stake first closed with its twenty nominations. Misfortuno and ordinary ac cidents reduced tho number of runners to five ; not one of tho many threo-yr- olds engaged in the stake passing through the terrible ordeal of training for a threo mile race on tho 1st of October. Some, it is true, wero found not good enough when they were tried, but quite a half of the threc-yr-olds gavo way under .thoir severe preparation, and it will not bo forgotten that New Holland and Wonga Wonga died in tho cause, w]iilst Atheling has never been able to shew out since. Getting ready 'for tho Champion Raco also placed Talleyrand, Ebor, nnd Camdeii horn -fc comlxit ; whilst Archer nnd Mormon, although they got to tho post, both met with accidents during theirtrainingwhioh materially interfered with thoir chanco of victory, Oidy three horses wore fit when the starter dropped his flag, nnd ono of these, Zoe, being too old to shino on a racecourse, and another, Haidec, being out of her olement in first-clnss company, it is no won der that so good a horse as Barwon — as fit as he could be mado— should win tho raco in a canter. Barwon had not known what it was to have a 'bad night' all the while ho was makinc; ready for tho Champion Kace, and, although his trainim; ground nt Ballaarat Was heavy and. holding, liis strong limbs and per fect action enabled him to escape tho many evils that beset a horso whilst going through the mill for a long journey. Archer, had tho raco been run a fortnight earlier, would have ueen a very uiiiorcni- iwrae, aim -vuum any how havo mado a much closer light; of it with Barwon. Somo ten days beforo the raeo ho struck his fetlock against a stump, and that stopped his work to a very great extent. The stablo kept tho secret well, but that the horso was not fit to go a three milo raco was proved by hi.s exhaustion after it I nover saw a horso much moro distressed than Archer was after tho Champion llace. I never know what was actually wrong with Mormon, but thero was something amiss, for ho never came out again that spring, but retired as quickly as was convenient to Wagga Waggn, where ho commenced de naro for another Champion fight. So that, although Barwon, Mormon, nnd Archer did meet in a three-mile raco nt weights for age, it cannot for n moment bo argued that they met on equnl terms. Had Archer been the horso he was on tho day of tho second Melbourne Cup, Mormon tho samo ns when ho achioved liis triple victory at Ballaarat tho previous year, and Barwon as ho was, wo should then have been in a better position to decido ns to which of tho three was tho best over tho distance. As I thought tliou, so I think now — tho result would havo been Archer, Barwon, Mormon. That thcro is no Champion llaco now looming iu tho future, I regard as a great boon to tho success of our next racing season. I have expressed the^o views beforo ; but you must pardon mo for repeating them, as I am con vinced that it is a subject of very grave im portance to tho wclfaro of tho turf iu this colony. Next season we begin with the Mel bourno Cup, about tho middle of November, I supposo ; and, mark my words, if our pro vincial racing at Ballaarat, Smythcsdalo, Hamilton, Castlcmaine, and elsewhere, is not vastly improved by the abolition of tho Cham pkmltaca VOLTIGEUll. ' New Chum' on the Melbourne Cup. Dear Bull,— Considering tho Melbourno Cup Handicap is tho first production of our now Racing Club, into which such a quantity of fresh blood has been infused, it may bo considered by somo as impolitic to impugn the ability or justice displayed in making this their first attempt at handicapping ; but, as I sco your correspondent 'Voltigeur' has taken up tho cudgels, I trust tho committee will not think mo impertinent in making a fow remarks, not so much with tho view of find ing fault, as that they may in future bo guided m tho right direction. Your correspondent 'Tomboy' thinks becauso many complain of horses being badly in, and that not having heard of any being conmucreu well m, the handicap must bo a good one. Tho conclusion, however, I should arrive at on these grounds would be, that tho horses about which no. coinplaiuts havo been made must be a great deal belter in than tlioso which are so much overweighted — ergo, well in. To f orni a proper estimate of any handi cap is, first of all, to tako tho horses at the weights given, and compare them with tho weight for ago for tho distance, and tho par ticular month they rim, adjusting them according to their merits, and not according to their actual performances, it being the duty of tho handicappers to note the con dition of tho horses brought on the course, as each is oxpectcd to come to tho post fit, and in condition to win if possible, and not to be held back, especially at tho end of tho season, their owners having tho handicaps of tlfo following year in view. Theso and other nrrnngements not only deceive tho public, but also tho hnndioappors themselves, and tho latter, to show their disapproval of such proceedings, should punish the delinquents by giving them extra weight, to teach thorn tosticktohonestracing. Filially, whntcvcrbe the merits of the horses, good or bad, lot ovory one be so weighted, with tho aHove exception, that tho wholo might run a dead heat if that were possible. Beforo entering on the relative weights adjusted to each horse, 1 give you tho handicap as it is, with tho weight for ago each horso would carry opposite, with tho different allowances given to each horse by tho V.R.C. handicappers. \7Rllt Cup for Aliow HonsE. Handicap. Age. auce. Agc.Bt. 1£-. Bt. lb. 3iormon ? n 9 la 012^ u Falcon ? a 9 8 I 1 S Bnrwou ? a 9 D 0 9 I H . Mujlilora ? 6 9 4 0 4 \ To&, Orlflammo ? 4 9 0 9 0 f 3H itocuuck ? 3 c la 6 10 P Freestone ? 3 6 10 6 10J Stng... ? 3 6 3 0» 41b Little John. ...:.-„; ? a 9 S 0 8 41b Hose of Denmark ? 4 & 3 8 9 till) If ? 0 su 94 Gib Lantern ? .,., 3, t- 3 0 1C\ Illumination ? a 5 la 0 5 I JlnryJane ? 3 5 12 G s Lancer. ? 3 6 '0 O T Glunyulllo ? 4 8 7 9 0 Gwendoline ? 3, E 12 C B - 71b Cluopntra ? 3. 6 12 O Si Star of India ? ? 3 5 12 C 5 I Hanker ? 4 8 7 9 0 I Boomerang ? 3 S3 c 10 I ?\Vnrrior ? _ A 8 4 ' 8 11 J Nutlialle ? 4 7 12 8 9 lilb Bedouin ? 3 - B . 9 c 7 12lb Hector ? ..;.; ? a ? 8 9 9 9 nib Poet ? -4 8 0 90 141b Adventurer ? 3 D 10 6 10 14lb Plnyboy ? a 8 a 99 141b Tt'li/-ir- ? tt a it a 10 irll. Chrysolite ? 4 1 S 8 a lGlb VaRdboud ? 4 7 7. 90 211b Saturn ? ......' 6 8 2 9 12 24lb FlylncrBiick...;... ? .- ? a ?? 9 9 9 2slb Ocld Stocking ? a 7 B 9 9 201b Fleitr-de-LiB ? B 7 O 9 4 32lb Attlla ? a 7 3 9 9) ?„,, Ccdrlo ? ..a 7 3 9 9j 3llb Secundus ,....? ? 6 7 3 9 12 371b The first seven are in nt weight for age, and how Falcon and Oriflamme can run on equal terras with the other five T caimot see. Tho former certainly won tho Adelaide Cup, but it; is well known that, with tho exception of Roebnck, all tho good horses wero amiss, and considering that Little John, a stock horsowith very moderate pretensions on a racecourse, came in for third place, proves it. Tho time was no doubt good, 3 min. 51 J sec., but then the Adelaide course is ono of tho fastest in the colonies, and I should think fl seconds faster than that of Melbourne. This is further confirmed by his subsequent running 111 tho Autumn Handicap, which ho won with great difficulty, beating a very mediocre lot, nnd tho distance, one milo nnd three-quarters, being moro suitable to him than that for tho Adelaido Cup. His best performances havo already been with 71b to 141b less than is adjusted to him in the forthcoming race. Oriflamme certainly won tho Derby, Legcr, and Produce Stakes, against horses of his own ago ; but was easily and fairly beaten at Geelong by Banker nnd Nathalie ; ho did not, indeed, look in good condition for nuy of his races, but I doubt if such an infirm horso could bo brought much litter to the post. Roebuck and Freestone are too high by 81b compared to the others ; tho weiglits for this lot ought to havo been as follows : Mormon, 9at 121b ; Barwon, list 91b ; Musidora, 9st 41b ; Falcon, 9st 21b ; Oriflamme, 8st 101b ; Freestone, Cst 71b; Roebuck, Gst 71b. Next in tho list comes the three-yr-old gelding, Stag. 'What has he done that lie should hold this enviable position, giving weight to all that follow ; he ought only to have had Gst. Little John is quito out of the race, and should havo had Sst 101b. Roso of Denmark is right ; nnd If having won only ono race in her career and lost many others, should have Sst 7H-. In tho noxt lot of cloven, thero aro eight threo-yr-olds and thrco four-yr-olds. Tho first lot ought to havo had 31b less each, to give them a chanco with tho higher weights ; and Banker, who ran second for tho Derby, first for Melbourno Cup, beating a field of first-class horses; also, first for the Metro politan Handicap and Geelong Town Plate, ought to have had Sst 121b. Glenyuillo h:is only won a Maiden Plato nt Gcolong, against a very seedy lot ; ran third for tho Derby, second for tho Geolong Handicap, and second at Tullaroop, Banker giving him 111b. His weight ought to havo been Sst 21b ; Warrior, 8st; Nathalie, 7st 101b. Bedouin, Hector, Poet, and Adventurer aro right, and Plny boy, considering ho carried 8st 101b, and ran two miles at Waggja Wagga, beating Mormon nnd others in 3mm. 47sec. ; nlso, won the Queen's Plato in Queensland, ought to have had (1st. Ebor is 71b too light, and as for tho rest downwards, with tho exception of Odd Stocking, who has also 31b too little, thoro is no ground for complaint, as they havo all lately shown themsolves, except Vagabond (recently imported from England), to be only a lot of duffel's with any weight. The horses, therefore, that aro best in, aro Mormon, Kbor, Banker, Playboy, and Odd Stocking; and those that havo little or no chnuco aro Falcon, Oriflammo, Stag, If, and Glenyuille. None of tho untried ones havo a show, for two reasons : they cannot have received a sufficient preparation to go a two milo handicap in November ; and, secondly, they all carry lltlb moro than Banker (cer tainly ono of our best thrce-yr-olds) did last year. It must also bo borne in mind, that tho top weight of last year's handicap was Gib heavier, and that thero is nearly a stono diffcr enco between tho top and bottom weights in this, all against tho young ones. IIow Banker should bo placed on an equality with a lot of untried animals, is a mystery which I supposo will be cleared up after tho race, as it was dono last year, when ho was so much favoured with Sst 4Ib. Roebuck and Freestone havo been backed pretty freely for this race, and iu fact, aro now lirst favourites with tho public ; but I cannot see tho performances of either warrant such confidence. Freostone has notyet gone a distauco in public, and was shame fully benton in tho Jockey Club Juniors, nnd has sineo won tho Ascot Vnlo Stakes, fivo fur longs, and Produce Stakes, threo quarters of tv mile only, in tho former giving Roebuck a ?lib. boating, and in the latter the samo to a very inferior lot. Roebuck ran fourth for tho Ascot Valo, and was second for tho Ade laide Cup to a moderate horse, at tho distance and weight ho carried. This, and for tho reasons I havo given above, does not mako him the great horso his sanguino party bolievo him to bo. Wo saw Aruma, a much better performer than either, last year try her hand (or rather her leynj in tho Cup, with Gst Gib, without success, and where tho top weights were 'more favourable for her by Gib. Mormon and Barwon have but a poor chanco, though favourably weighted, both having been lately fired and blistered : their prepara tion must be delayed longer than will bo re quired for such a race as tho Melbourno Cup. And Musidora, but for her great perform ances, I should havo thought rather over weighted ; being a light, weedy mare, she will find 9st 41b rather, a crusher to her oven getting a place. For these reasons, I antici pate tho next Melbourne Cup will prove a very shy affair, and I should not bo in any way surprised, if anything goes wrong with Banker and Kbor, to see it carried off by quite an outsider, such as Odd Stocking, one of Mr. Fisher's lot, Poet, or Plnyboy, and perhnps Flcur-de-Lis. NEW CHUM. 