To the Editor of the Herald. ' bib,— 1 nave not the pleasure of the acquaintance ol the gentleman signing himself " Solus," nor do I reply to his lotter with a view ol making it, bnt I fool in jnstioe to my own sex inolinod to mako a few remarks on the subject at present undor discussion. It is not my intention to write to any length; for I consider in ono respcotiyou have done tho abjeot ample justice, for it is my impression that if half the timo and oost whioh is so amply lavished in tha adornment of the body wero expended in like manner on the mind, and in learning and praotising the domestic duties of overy-day life, and UBed for tho improvement of. the talents wbioh our Heavenly Father has so abundantly bestowod upon ui, we should not only be enablod greatly to enhance tho interests and happiness of the family cirole, but add much to our own comfort, and by our, example benefit those around us. While I find fault thus with (I bluBh to own) some of my own box, with oil kind feeling . to, nud deferenoe for the perhaps superior judgment of " Solus," I must say' I think tho fault lies greatly qn his o wn side. Ho eays ho has boen here many years, and ' has travelled muob, and yet never met with onoauited to his tastes. At this I - do; not wonder, and unless ho alters very materially, ,1 fear never will ; for while I must eay he has, on many grounds, just oause for complaii t. I am sure there are many happy oxoeptioos. But whilo " Bolus" is so energetically pointing out ant1 deploring our deficiencies, nud showing us in what reipoot we ore most needful of so muoh improvement, I hope he will pardon mo fori reminding him that there 1b another olass standing greatly in ncad of reformation, viz., the young gentlemen of our oity. Allow me to BBk, Is there amongst them as a body tbat manly sonae, sterling, worth, superior judgment, and sound moral and Obristian obaraoter calculated to win tbo offeotions ol a pure-minded and virtuous girl, to whom she oould entrust with confidence her future happiness, and to whom Bhe, as tbo weaker, sox, may on all occasions look for guidanco, counsel, and protection ; and rooeive in return for her anxious oare and oarnest solicitude for his oomfort and happi ness that kind conaidoration and affectionate' sympathy whioh must alone arise from con- geniality of feeling and sentiment. This, and .this alone, can constitute, in my opinion, a peaceful and happy home. By inserting the above you will ereatlv obliee. Yours, eta.. 7th March. AN UNMARRIED GIRL. Thb Tbiplb Cab-Muedzb.— The lost letter written by the unfortunate deceased, who, as it will bo rememborod, was with her two ohildron' poisoned by her husband (Hunt) in a London cab, was dated in Ootober last, only a weok or so boforo her tragical end; but the post-mark on the envelope, showing tbo aotunl date, is nat legible. It waa os: .followa, and appears to forotel her death i— " Saturday, Ootober, 1863, Dear Harriett, — Novor let it aurprise you when you hear I am dead. I feel quite oertain I cannot go on muoh longor with my husband. He gate worse overy day and night of my life. If you knew and oould see all, a dog would pity me; but I know you fool for rao all you can. T cannot eay muoh iu these lines to you, but pity me,and eome on Monday. Do not let a shower of rain prevent you. If I do not see you on Mon- day, I ahall think I have not a friend in this world. I wish I was good enough to die, but I must try and. mako myself good, as what hs" wants, be saysj is to see me dead ; then he would laugh, and think what a good thing I am gone from this world. "What will become of mo P I speak tbe truth when I eay I shall die with a broken heart. We havo all our faults, but I have got more than any one, so he says, I conolude with a Bad heart, and my oyes ao full I can scarcely aoe what I am writ ing to you. I don't think I have a friend ; if T havo, they should have seen laBt night— they would pity mo. Ibis letter is quite wet with my tears. Keep this." : Extbaobdinary Case.— A girl named , Mary Ann Barber, was sentenced to 14 days', imprisonment at Taunton, on Wednesday, for a singular offence. Barber, who waa supposed to be an invalid, disappeared about two months ago, and it was supposed that she had been murdered Suspioionfell on tho woman with whom sho lodged, who then told tho fol lowing remarkable story, whioh now turns out to be true, but was not belieyod at the time. During the aummor the girl Barber lodged at her .house, keeping her bed entirely, during a portion bf whioh time sbe waa visited by oharitable persons, who daily looked for. her doeeaso, so ill did; she appear, apparently taking no food to sustain lifo. In the house were other girls, who went out daily to labour, and who invari ably oomplained on their return that some of their riotuals had mysteriously disappeared. One day, a little girl, on the return of the mis tress, told her that Mary Ann, the invalid, had. been downstairs in her nightdress, and had : been to tho oupboard, and taken more victuals. When Mary Ann was told of this she stoutly denied it and assertod that the girl must hare seen her ghost, and doubtless it was a token that she should 41 speedily die and be with Jesus." Ono day in August the food in the oupboard continuing to disappear, tho mistress resorted to stratagem to diaoover the- thief, | and told Mary Ann thai) ah was going out and should not be at home for several hours. Sho lacked thb front door, and apparently left tho house, but at ones got in again by the back way and ecorotod herself in . the cupboard. In tho courso of half an hour alia heard footsteps coming down stairs, and then tho door of the oupboard VroB open, discovering to tho mis tress the ghost 0/ Mary Ann, and to Mary Ann tho ghost of tho mistress. Both wore too muoh flightoned to speak at first, but the affair ended ia tho mistress ordering Mary Ann fo leave tho houso next day. Early in the morning Mary Ann had vanished, taking with her some of tho apparel belonging to bor fellow-lodgers. A day or two ainco she returned to tho town, and was at onoe givsn into custody on a charge of vagranoy. Lixuratubb ought to. bo looking up in Franco. Daring the present year there have boen no fowor than 12,000 new works and 20,000 pieces of now music published in Paris, and 6000 works in tho provinces. Wo are on tho eve, too, of liaviog several interesting works, among whioh I must mention a pam- phlot on Poland, entitled " Le Moyon de Pacifier la Poiogno" — an admirable brochure, which will appear next week. Dumas, fils, too makes a rentrce en scone with a play L'Ami dos Femmo. - As the creator of a school of novels whioh enraptured Paris, M. Dumas fils will always bo admired here. As for the " eohool'' itself, perhaps, looking at it from an English point of view, tho lets we say about it the bettor. CoiiriBATTVE relaxation from tho din ol Dimness. — Dinner. 