ARRIVAL OF THE R.M.S. MADRAS, WITH THE FEBRUARY MAILS The R.M.S Madras arrived ia Hobson's Bay last evening, with the European mails to the 26th February. The ?following are the most important items of intelligence : — ENGLAND. The commissioners appointed by tho Queen to consider tho forms of subscription and declaration at present required of tho clergy of the Churchy of Eng land, and to report how far they may bo simplified and altered ' consistently with tho due security for the declarod agreement of tho clergy with the doc triues of the Church and their conformity to its ritual,' are, the Archbishops of Canterbury, York, Armagh, and Dublin ; Earl Stanhope, the Earl of Harrowby, K.G. ; the Bishops of London, Win ni.nnt»« a* n.iTul'o nni\ nvfnril * TiOrds Tjvttfilton. Cranworth, and Ebury ; Mr E. P. Bouverie, Dr. Lushington ; the Right Hons. Spencer Walpole, Joaeph Napier, and Sir J. T. Coleridge: Sir W. Heathcote, Bart. ; Mr C. Buxton, M.P.; tho Dean of St. Paul's and Ely ; Archdeacon Sandford, B.D., of Coventry; Dr. Jacobson, Regius Professor of Divinity, Oxford ; Dr. Joremio, Regins Professor of Divinity, Cambridge ; the Rev. Henry Venn, B.D. ; and tho Rev. W. G. Humphry, B.D. In the com position of tho commission, it will be Doted, various eloments of opinion within the Church aro rcpro prcsentod; but, on tho whole, thero is a prepon derance of those who are already known to advo cate a considerable change. The ceremony observed at the christening of tho Princess Royal has been solccted as tho precedent to be followed on the occasion of the christening of tho infant prince. It will bo performed by tho Arch bishop of Canterbury, ossistod by four bishops, tho Queen and the King of the Belgians boins sponsors. Aftor tho christening a state dejeuner will bo given at Buckingham Palace. Sir Georgo Grey, in a letter to the Derbyshire magistrates, states that, with tho concurrence of tho Lord Chancellor, ho requested four medical gontlo men of great experieuco in mental difeasos to examine into Townley's state of mind, and report thereupon. Tho report of these gentlomen appears to Sir Georgo Grey conclusive as to Townley boing of sound mind ;? and, taking all tho circumstances of the case into consideration, Sir Georgo has decided that tho capital sentence should bo ^commuted to penal servitude for life. The annual roturn of tho gross public income and expenditure of the United Kingdom in tho year ending tho 31st of December last has been pub lished. Tho total revenuo was £70,433,620 5s 9d. The total ordinary expenditure was £6G,91»,987 11s lOd, which would show an excess of incorao to the amount of £3,522,G32 13s lid ; but £900,000 is to bo deducted from this for expenses of fortifica tions, so that the available surplus amounts to £2,622,632 13s lid. The balances in tho Ex chequer on tho 31st of December last amounted to £7,491,813 3s 9d. A meeting of tho committee for completing tho adornment of tho interior of St. Paul's Cathedral, as wiginally designed by Sir Christopher Wren, has been held at tho Mansion House, tho Lord Mayor presiding. Tho work had been proceeding gradually since 1858, and during that timo £10,000, in addi tion to several considerable sums from city corpora tions, &c;, had been collected. Tho estimated cost of the work is from £00,000 to £70,000. Thero is an idea that tho Great Eastern may pos sibly bu chartered to lay down the Atlantic cable. She soems adapted by her size to hold tho mon strous coil, and it is to be hoped that two unfortu nate specs, may date from that voyago an era of prosperity. Nineteen archeB of tho South London Railway, in course of construction at Cold Harbor lane, Brixton, to connect tho London, Chatham and Dover Railway with tho Cryatal Palace and London Bridge stations, have given way and fell to tho ground a heap of ruins. Those arches had been 'finished only about ten days, and the shoring under them had been re moved. Tho catastrophe is supposed to havo beon ? .1 1 ? ll._ n^J.lnn nlinnrvn Cn l1*n WniifitAI* f?*ATO UUUSUU UY VXiU tiUUUUU UllUll^C 111 biiu .,v*-«'.»«» ----- frost to rain. Of tho nineteen arches only about four half-piers remain upright ; tho rest is a heap of ruins. Mrs Dawson, residing at North Shiolds, wife of an absent sailor, went to bed with her child who was sick, boforo retiring to rest sho placed a candle close to tho bed. Next morning, as sho did not ap pear, her sister sent a girl to inquiro about the child, who noticed smoko issuing from tho keyhole. An alarm was given and a man entered tho house by a window, and found mother and child wasting by a slow firo burning on tho mattress. Thoy wero quite dead. There is a now scheme broached for connecting England with the Continent. This is nothing loss than a railway, the piers or supports of which aro to bo of iron, hollow, and of various sizes, to corre spond with the different depths of tho sea. ' Tho largest,' says the inventor, 'might perhaps be 200 feet high, the diameter of the base boing 300 feet, t » ,1 .1 ? » ? ? t ? . t\~:~ l.nnn f.l\ t n nt- rV\\*€* aim Ol ulO column rising jrum mia uuou, uw ikuu. j.uu smaller piers might possibly averago about 50 feot in height, and be mado oxactly like tho larger ones, so far as tho baso is concorned. The piers, boing hollow, would, of course, float, and it is proposed that tho required number of piers, aftor boing con structed on land, should be floatod to their several positions, and then sunk by boing filled with water.' Tho inventor furthor states that ' when sunk they will naturally and of necessity roinaiu firm and im movable, and that the piers, being perfectly smooth and round, would offer tho least amount of resistance to . tho waves.' A bold scheme this, my _ masters ! Wo wonder what tho engineers will say to it. A sad railway accident took placo on tho York, Whitby and Scarborough line. The train was, as usual, drawn up tho Grosmont incline by a rope attached to a fixed ongino, and when a considerable way np the rope broko with tho strain, aud the train rushed back down the incline, left the rails, and overturned. Two of tho passengers wero killed and govoral othors severoly injured. A man named William Cox, agod 52 years, a notorious miser, was redoiit!' discovorod dead at 1;^ residence For some timo past tho uocensed oc cupied a room at a low rent iu tho Model Lodging Houso, Columbia square, Buthual Green. Ho was found lying dead on tho iloor, hii head in tho grate, whero, however, no-'fire had boon. Un Uio tablo was some monoy, which ho lir.d apparently been counting when soized with his death-tit. His clothes wero not worth a shilling, and the stockings were sewed on his Xeot, and had literally grown into tho flesh. He was in a stato of emaciation. Deoda, leasos, policies of insurance, monoy, watohos and other properly, to tho value of between £0000 and £7000, woro found lying about and concealed in the room. Amongst other articles, 17 coats, tho sarao uambor of waistcoats, ai:d 17 pairs of boots, all nearly Jiovr, wero found iu tho placo. Two hundredweight pf coals, which, it is ascertained, wero purchased by Mm six months ago— doubtless because thoy wero then cheap— were found nearly untouched. It was his habit during tho bovoio woathor to sit shivering in his room, and no oi:P could induce him to allow a lire to bo mado. A largo quantity of food was also found in tho room. A iiro took placo at somo blasting powder mills near Plymouth. It originated in tho packing-room, aud at ouo timo threatened to reach tho placo whero the main quantity of tho powder irna stored^ Sig nal was, however, mado to tho img'si'ty in tho hnrbotj and tho harbor, und tho boats and llw bh gines of that vessel, together with those of the St. George, imlHtf, Canopus and othors, under tho charge of flbont eight hundred men, woro convoyed to the sceflcr of action. Tho sailors, in tho most courageous manner , cnterod tho mills, and succeeded iu removing a Ifitgc (junutlty of tho powder from tho premises, and iiniifty in suppressing tho fire. Thero was ono partial csptosion, und two men wero injured. A scene of a very tfijflsaul character lately took place iu the streets of Lowoatcrft. It upponw that last summer the accomplished daughter of a clerical gentleman eloped with an officer of tho nrmy, but was subsequently discovered, and taken homo by her friends. For sorao days past the oflicer has been residing in Lowestoft, and while out walking ono afternoon ho encountevoid the object of his affections riding on hortobnek, and es corted. by her reverend father, also1 mounted. He addressed the lady, and insisted upon doing so, in spito of the protestations of her father.- Tho latter at length dismounted, and rushed r.t tho military gentleman, using extremely uuclericftHonguttge, and generally acting like a lunatic. The young lody en deavored to shield her lover as much as possiblo ( from tho violence of her father, by wheoling her i horso between them, but only partially succeeded, 1 tho officer receiving many severe kicks and blows, i which he boro with the firmness of a stoic. At 1 length the persona assembled seized the infuriated ! clergyman, and provented him from inflicting further I injuries on the gentleman, until tho conversation betwocn the lovers terminated. He was then let - loose, and rodo away with his daughter, the officer \ intimating his intoution of taking legal proceedings 1 for the assault. i Tho Liverpool Mercury tells tho following story i of the life of ' Jonny Keefe :'— Sho was a woman i of low birth, and about twenty-five years ago she i married the hon. Augustus Yelverton, who had pre viously had two wives, ono a Spanish and tho other an Irish lady, and thoy had during tho last twenty years lived in tho Isle of Man, and were notorious for their depraved habits. They had boen com mitted to prison at least ono hundred timcB for drunkon and disorderly conduct. Tho husband's children by hia former wives had been taken from him. Ho was allowed aii ample income by his brother, Lord Avonmore, but this was spent in drink as soon as received ; thoy had scarcely enough of rags to cover them. They had no home, and lived for the most part eithor in tho streets or in prison. About two months ago the husband died in a low lodging-houso in Livorpool, aud sinco his death his widow°had been receiving nn allowanco through a Liverpool solicitor. Late on tho night of 19th February sho was heard trolling out, in a voice husky with drink, tho words of tho song, ' Truo bluo for ever ;' and at two o'clock the following morning sho was fouud lying in the filthy wator of tho gutter, in one of tho most misorablo back streets of Douglas, frozen to death. Her only covering was a thin gauzo frock, that scarcoly reached to her kueos, an old pair of socks, and a pairof thin shoos. Tho coroner's jury returned a vovdiot of ' Death from exposurt).' Tho lion. Augustus Yolvdrton, her husband, was undo to tho well known Major Yelvorton. A firo recently broko out in tho Mint, Borough, inhabited by probably tho lowest uud most wretchod of the population of London. How the firo origi nated does not appear to be known ; it was first discovered by tho policeman on tho beat in a house which was crowdod from top to bottom with lodgers. The flames soon attained to a great height, and, darting across tho narrow streot, nearly set fire to tho opposito houso boforo tho-firoengiues arrivod. Whon they wero got into operation the flames were quickly subdued. A great number of porsons mado n.nii* nc/xtnn frnm thn buildintr. somo ap pearing to be almost enveloped in flamos ; but it was found, when tho honso was entered, that three men — s. crossing sweeper aud two dock la l)Orera ? who wero in ono of tho rooms, had perished in tho flamos. A laboror has been shot in Warwickshire by a gamekeopor. Tho murdorod man's namo was Clif ton ; that of his slayer, Ditton. Tho lattor was gamekeeper to fl. J. Sheldon, Esq., at Brailes, and appears to have made himself most obnoxious by tho manner in which he has brought charges of breaches of the game laws against the laborers of the parish. No poaching, howovor, led to tho criino which he has committed. Clifton was walking along a foot path across a field, whon Ditton ordorod him back, and took him by the collar to force him. A struggle ensued, in which Clifton freed himself from his assailant's grasp, and struck him with a stick. Ditton then raised his gun, and delibratoly, in tho sight of witnesses, shot tho poor fellow dead. A coronet's jury have returned a verdict of wilful murJor against tho gamekeeper. It is said to bo tho custom in many largo west- end houses to havo a table laid out in some back room, covered with the delicacies of tho season and with differont wines, and hero about midday the butler and gentleman's gontloman drop in and do justice to tho excellent faro. In ono largo and well-known establishment a cask of wine is always on draught, and no upper servant ovor delivers a message, or ordor there, without taking his glass or two as a matter of right. It is unnecessary to say that tho rnnt. nntimutelv comes out of tho pocket of the m*stcrs. The Cambria Leader Bays that rocently a lad agod fourteen, living at Dowlais, wont out into tho back yard in the ovoning, and roturnod almost in stsutly in great fright, exclaiming that ho had seen his own ghost. Wheu Bufliciontly recovered to give j an account, ho said that on opening tho back door, he Baw himself white and doathliko, standing ? in front, and he at onco ran back. His friends en deavorod to joko him out of the boliof, but ho was not to be shaken ; and, singular to add, ho sickened and, though a healthy lad up to the dato of his fritrlit. rrvnw worse and died. ' A good deal of oxoitement,' says the Birming ham Poat, ' has boon producod in Stono by a some what mysterious discovory. In a street leading out of tho town resides a inombor of the medical profes sion, with his wifo and family, and in the samo house has lived for many years a maidou sister of tho wifo's, but she had not boon soen out of tho houso for eleven years. Tho recent discovery of a concealed lunatic in Cornwall ultimately led to an application to tho magistrates for a warrant to investigate thn circumstances, nnd a fow days ago two magistrates and some polico officers entered tho house for that purpose. They fouud tho lady in a front uppor room, sitting on a straw mattress, her limbs drawn closo together, and her body loaning forward on them, with but littlo covering on her, aud looking as if sho had been indifferently fed. Tho room was covered with dust, dirt, and cobwobs. Under tbo bedstead and evou on tho bod (or rathor mattress) wero piles of dirty plates, altogether about 40, on which tho occupant of tho room had had hor meals served, and on which wero bones, somo ol tucm yeuow wnu ago. She hold a bone, which had been polishod by lick ing, tightly gripped in her hand, and was with diffi culty induced to lot it go. Hor hair was matted, and'a compact mass of it partially covered her face. Hor toe-nails had grown to a length of about three inches, and woro curled something in the form of ft cork-screw, with sharp points. It is said that tho only way of reducing thorn to thoir propor propor tions will bo by sawing them. Tho fingor-naila wero not so bad, the lady, no doubt, having kept them short by biting them. Tho strangest part of this strange story is that tho lady horsolf is said to havo chosen her retreat, and those who know hor peculiarities aro disposed to placo some amount of credence in tho story. She uppoars to bo about 48 years of ago, and to havo boBn all hor life known by hor rolatioLS as a porson of ' queer' disposition, and exceedingly unsociable and reserved, nndia stud to have been ' crossed in love ' in. l--;r younger days. Sho has been removed, oleauod, (tml comfortably olothed, and is, we learn, now being carefully at tended to. It has been suggested that sho Is insane, but that doos not appear to bo tho case. | A youth, about fifteen 3'oara ol Ugo, lins been committed to York Castlo for firing his muster's stackyard in rovongo for sorao fancied injury. This is the third prisoner committed for the rccont Yorkshire fires. A movomont is on foot in the East Riding, to memorialise Govornmont to bring in a bill to legaliso tho uso of the lash in cases of convicted incendiarism, as is now logal iu tho pun ishment of garotlers. A working man was bitten by a mad dog in November last . His hand was much lacerated, but being immediately drossod by a surgeon, healed rapidly, although many weeks elapsod before the euro appearod complete. On the 21st January the wound was so much bettor that tho man went to work ; bnt on tho 26th ho felt very unwell and wont homo. On the 28th ho became worso, and in tho ovening it was as much as four or fivo mon could do to hold him, and tho dangerous symptoms of hydrophobia had greatly increased. Ho sufferod indescribable agony, unil aftor remaining for a Bhort timo composed, ho died on tbo ovening of 20th January. A girl, nged fifteen, ivent out onfl higlit recently into tho back-yard to get somo water ut tho tap. She saw ono or two mon on tho rjof of tho house, near the p.inipot. Sho nhrioked out much terrified, and sho culled her brother. He ran out and saw tho top of a man's hnt Us ho was making his oscapo. The girl went indoors, but eho wns so terrified that hur brother had to go in to her assistunco. Sho was tisben seriously ill, and a doctor was sont for, who fottorlior laboring under tho effects produced by smWuii1 terror. Next day sho became insonsible, nnd wutiv hours afterwards expired. The iinmodi ato cuiwe' of death1 wus apoplexy, rosulting from tho fright sb*' hud- sustained. SCOTLAND. ? Tho Prince1 if' \Vales has boon plonsed to confer upon Colonel tfofeiibil'. Sir Cliarloslleauinont Phiup*, K.C.B., tho honofaiy appeiivturfffut of Secrotary, Chamberlain, and SbcbiWJi'-G'ton'oYal, and Keopqr of the Signofc of his royal1 liighWess as Prince and Steward of Scotland. Tho members of this ' HbyUl' Scottish Acudomy havo given a grand banqeef,- within tho Exhibition Rooms, Edinburgh, to his lvbyal Highness Priuco Alfrod and a number of distinguished citizens. Sir J. Watson Gordon occupied tho chair, and thero was a largo number of honorary inembors, academician-, aud associated picsunt. A young lady was skating lately in tho :entre and deepest part of Lo:hend, Scotland, n company with two gentlemen, when tho ico woke nnd all three went down. Tho gentlemen ?nnnnged to scramblo out, and tho lady, who wa» 10ft in tho hole was buoyed up by her crinoline. 3he was ultimately rcscuod from her perilous posi Lion by means of ropes. A few days ngo Sheriff Russoll presided at tha 3Xamination of a witness at Thurso, in tho coso of iettlomont between Olrig and Bower parishes. Oo being asked her ngo, she roplied, ' I was 102 years ?A age on the 9th day of Juno last, old style.' * Her nauio is Peggy Wares, born on tho island of Stroran, on 21st June, 1761. She continues sound in mind and body, goes about hor house with woodorful agility, and gavo her cvidenco in a manner equal to the intulligcnco displayed by tho best witnesses not half her age. Tho sheriff more thnn onco rcmarkod on the exceedingly clear nnd collected mannor in which tho vonorablo centenarian auswered the quos tions put to hor. Tho first turf of tho Aborfcldy Branch Railway was cut recently, at tho east end of tho villago ol Aberfoldy, by tho lion. Miss Monzies, of Chesthill. A young lady, of about twenty yoars of ag», tho daughter of 0110 of tho first Edinburgh families, eloped recently with a young shopmen in a largo establishment in Princo's streot. Tho brothor ol the lady immediately followed them to London, bnt fonnd, on his arriving thero, that thoy had dopartod for Paris. Ho pursued them to tbo gay capital, and, aided by tho authorities, discovered them in apart ments in a fashionublo hotel. Finding that his sister would not como, ho threatened tho gay Lothario with personal chastiment, but, iu attempting it, ho was knocked down. Tho noiso brought up the proprietor and others of the hotel, who carried off tho prostrate gentleman, and consigned him to tha care of the commissary of police, who accommodated him with prison lodgings, and from which, next day, ho was only released through the explanation of the young husband, for it appears ho had mar ried tho lady in Edinburgh one week beforo their departure. Tho lady hns an nmple fortune nt her own disposul, nnd it is said it was tho intention of her parents to wed her to an old gouty general, well known to tho community, and tho proprietor of con siderable estates. The Scotch papers report ft discovory at Kinghorn, Fifcshiro, of a largo earthen jiir containing no loss than about 30 lb weight of old silvor coins, ohiotty coins of tho Euglish Edwards, bnt with somo Scot tish coins of Alexander III., John Baliol, Robert Bruce, and David II. intermixed. The latest dato legiblo on any of the coins is 1375 ; tho total number of coins is calculated (surely by exaggeration) nt over 12,000. They aro, doubtless, relics of the period of the English invasions of Scotland, and somo of them might oven enrry tho imagination back to tho timo of tho occupation of Scotland by tho English under Edward I. Tho placo of tho dis covery is also moat suitable ; for it was nt Kiughorn that there happened that fatal accident to tho Scot tish kingdom — tho death of the Scottish king Alex ander III. by a fall from his horse— whioh, by cutting off tho lirect succession to tho crown, led to- tbo English interference aud tho Wallace and Brnca struggle. Rathor a strange bill was anonymously pla carded through tho town of Inverness, recently, against countenancing the Saturday ovening con certs, giving tho following ronsons thereauent : — ' 1st. Because the sober and virtuous nro ontioed thero, and aro in dangor of boing contaminated. 2nd. Becanso tho night and hour nro un8?nsoiinblet aud tho hour for retiring (eleven o'clock) is in dan ger of encroaching upon the Lord's day. 3rd. Bo causo tho minds of tho people, in nttonding upon tho public worship of the Lord on tho following day, aro confused and filled with vanity from tho effects of the preceding ovening.' ' An unhappy stnto of matters,' says tho Elgin Courier, ' has existed iu tho Free Church congre gation of Hopcman. A prosbyterial visitation of the congregation was recently hold thero, and tho Rot. Mr Gentle, of Alva, tho moderator, was to pronch. A goodly oompany assembled, and Mr Gentle en tered the pulpit. During tho first psalm, the ilev. lur ^orout ^mo miniHiurj umuruu wj' tauii/u, and wont to the pulpit to stop Mr Gentle from preaching. As a hint of tho course ho should follow, wo boliovo ho pitched Mr Gentle's hat and manuscript to the foot of tho stairs, and seized tho pulpit Bible, doclaring that it was bis property. This strango proceeding was followed by a prayer of oonsidorablo length, ho having before hand summonod tho precentor to stop singing. After prayor ho openod tho Biblo, and commenood to read, but before going ovor many versos, ho was interrupted by tho hubbub among tho audienco. He exhorted the peoplo to dismiss in quietness, and to rospoct tho authority of hor Mnjosty'a ropreson tatives. This allusion had roferenco to tho presonca of throe policemen. After Mr Goutlo hnd loft tho pulpit, Mr Corbet, standing in his plnco, demanded, of ono of tho policemen if ho would not help him to clear tho church. The officer replied that ho took no orders from any ono oxcopt tho presbytery. 'But,' exclaimed Mr Corbot, 'do you not respect private property ? ' ' Yos,' added tho othor, ' but I rognrd this church as tho property of tho Freu Presbytery of Elgin.' Tho sccno of oxciteraent and confusion presonted by tho congregation during such altercations ns those may well bo imagined. Soon after this Mr Corbot rotirod, and tho pres bytery having ro-nssomblod to rocord what had occurrod, thoy adjourned to moot in Elgin on an appointed day to considor further this painful caso.' IRELAND. A orim. con. case, which excited much interest, has been sottlod without a trial, iu the Court of n,...nl. Ilniinli T-i,Llin Tfc wnQ flint, nf f.1in HflV T. Bennett against Count Ernost do Lusi. Mr Bennott is n clorgyman of tho Established Chnroh, and tho defendant (who is married to an eldorly lady of considerable wealth) is son of a formor Prussian ambassador at tho English Court, and n naturalised Irishman. Mrs Bennett is n woman of considerable porsonal attractions, and belongs to a very rospectablo family in England. Sho is much younger than her injured husbnnd, and it is said that it was while tho count was on a visit to Mr Bonnott, iu tho country, that tho unfortunate con nection commeucod, Hor present whereabouts aro not known to hor relatives. At tho sittiug of tho Court of Queen's Bench, when tho caso wiib called on, Mr Whitesido said that tho Count do Lusi wns willing to submit to a verdict for £1000— tho sum which tho court had obliged him to lodge, somo months since, ns security that ho would defend tho notion. At that poriod, on tho de fendant Bhowing there was reasonable ground for belioving tho count was nboiit to quit Ireland, in onlor to oscapc tho action, a writ was issued against mm ftml ho w«s ouly enlnrgoa on placing the above I sum in tho hands of tho court. Couwl for Mr Bennett, in reply to Mr Whitesido. said Ins client's ,'-Rtand primary object was to vindicate his own 'l' .„, ' - -bowing that ho was not in any way character, ^ P, ed noxt to ro tho to blame for what haauo..- ' ' ' . way for ulterior proocG(!iilf[a' lu nnotlior court. Damages woro no object to him. JJto would, thore fore, agroo on his behalf to tho proposal of Mr Whitosido, whioh would savo tho harrowing details of tho caso from being at proseut dragged promi nently into light. By direction of tho court tho jury fouud n verdict for tho plaintiff, with £1000 damagos mid Od costs. Sorjoant Sullivan applied to his Lordship that' tho money which had boen lodged in court should bo paid over immediately to tho pluiutiff. Mr Wliitesido, Q.C. : Oh yes, my lord, certainly. His Lordship : Talto down a rulu ? verdict for tho plaintiff on ull the issuoH, £1000 damagos and 6d costs. Both sides had tho moat »blo inou nt tho bar ougnged. At a public meeting, held ia Limorick, pursuant to a requisition of tho cilzens, to discuss Uio subjoct of tho taxation of Ireland, Mr Fisher, of Wutorford, quoted statistics from which ho sought to prove thftt j ' 'nl hnd paid more than her sharo of taxation, and'Teforroa tu JU-- Act of Union to show that tho arrangement which was thou entOrW m\' '^ *u.9 effect that Ireland should pay taxes 111 iho ratio of 2 to 17 as compared with Groat Britain, had not been adhered to. Resolutions wero passed deplor ing tho increase of taxation, tho decrease of capital nnd income, uud tho emigration of the people. A roniurUnblo increase of Roman Catholic students ? has taken pluco during tho curront session, 1803-04, in the Queen's Collogo, Cork. Tho numbers now are — Roman Catholics, 110 ; Established Church. 100 ; Presbyterians, 12 ; Wesloynns, Y-. ; the total number being 215. Those figures show that sinco last year tho Roman Catholic students have incroasod from 10.2 per cent, to 44.9 percent. Tho Clonmel Chronicle states that thero is a strong reason for bulisving that Michael Hnyos, tho murderer of Mr Braddoll, is still iu tho neighbor hood of tho property over which tho unfortunate, gentleman was ugont. ' If bo,' it says, ' tho uympnthy of tho peasantry with tho criminal has proved more than a match for constabulary ssi-al.' Both of Huyea'H sons, who always bore n bad rc putiitioa, are now in tho hands of the law, for an outrugeous ussault upon two women, leaving both in a most dangerous stale. It was subsequently discovered that tho motive \vhich led to this brutul ? I III I ?? assault was revenge for their lmving givcu evidence against Michael Hayes's eldost son, who, at the iimo they appeared against him, wns committed to gaol for twelvo months for threatening the life of a former. _ A robbery, which savors more of tho daring of Italian brigandage than an ordinary Irish affair, has token place at Kockinghara house, the scat of Lord Iiorton. This superb mansion is boantifully situa ted on Lough Key, ahont two miles from Boylo, county Roscouimon. The grounds, 2000 acres, tastefully planted, aro protected by strong walls and thick-set thorn fences, with four grand eutranco lodges. It is tho very last place imaginable for so extensive a robbery to have taken place. Tho roofs jbave been literally stripped of sheet lead and leaden pipes, several tons in weight. Two persons were detected in open day lcisnrly driving a cart with live cwt weight of the lead in it. The constabulary found about two cwt more in a pit dug in the garden, and other pieces concealed in various places. It ap pears the greater part of it had been carted away. An address appears in the Dublin Nation, signed by John Martin, one of tho '48 heroes, and who ia amongst tho cleverest of that rebel band, on behalf ?of the ' provisional committeo of tho Irish National league,' setting forth that tho object of that body 41 is to obta;n tho restoration of a sopnrate and indo pendont Irish Legislature and Government.' A mass mcetiug was convened for tho evening of 22nd February, in tho Rotunda, Dublin, to protest against tho vote of tho corporation granting a site in College-green for tho statue of tbo late Prince Con sort. It was very largely attended, there being iroin 4000 to 5000 people present. This audience was composed of the most disorderly people that over, perhaps, were congregated together. Shortly after tho proceedings commenced, somo of tho people become incensed at tho mention by The O'Donoghun, M.P., of the name of Mr T. D. Sullivan, of the Nation. The malcontents were members of the Fenian Brotherhood. Some of Mr Sullivan's admirers took his pnrt. A row ensued, tables and chairs were broken to splinters, which ?jvoro used as weapons by tho combatants, but no one tvas serionsly hurt. The O'Donoghuo slipped away ; so did tho chairman, Mr James Crotty ; and their example was followed by Mr Sullivan and a largo number of priests. The audience had possession^ the house. They shouted, swore, and cheered until ton o'clock, when they wore induced by the police to leave, which they did quietly. Dublin is preparing to hold a second exhibition next year. It is proposed to embrace a double show of the products of human skill ; on the one side, works of pure art, and on the other, works of industry. The matter has obtained the support of Lord Carlisle, and a great success is anticipated. A few nights ago, a band of six armed man, with laces blackened, attacked the house of a farmer named Nash, residing' near tho villngo of Adaro, Iiimerick, and, after having forced an entrance, iliey dragged him from his bed, placed him on his lmees, and one of them fired at him, inflicting a serious, and, it is feared, a fatal wound. The only cause assigned for this outrage is that Nash ejected three widows from a farm of land, of which ' ho had become tenant. Another outrage is reported from Eoscommon. Three men attacked, a man named Frallon, near his house at Laragh, and laving knocked him down, beat liim unmercifully Tvith bludgeons, inflicting no less than nine wounds on his head. The parties havo been arrested. Tho Rev. Mr M'Longklin, of Enuiskillcn, has been arrested, and is lodged in tho county gaol in that town, on the charge of celebrating an illegal ? marriage between a young man named Peterson, a Roman Catholic, and Susanna Quinton, a Pro testant, a minor, and a ward in Chancery. 