THE OPERA. COMPANY AT THE LYCEUM THEATRE. 3iozart's great - work, " Don Giovanni," was produced last night at the Lyceum by Lyster's Opera Company; and it may not be uninterest ing to our readers, before going into details, to give them a short sketch of the life and produc tions of one of the greatest masters that the world has produced. Mozart wes born in 1756 and died in 1791, before he had completed his 36ih year, and during that comparatively short period he he produced no less than 800 compositions, in cluding masses, operas, and fragments of various kinds. The works composed for the stage were limited in number, only some fourteen, and of these lJIUomeneo" and "Don Giovanni" are the ones entitled to the greatest esteem. " Idomenco" was produced in 1771, when the composer had only reached his 25th year, and it was not until 1786 that another opera from his pen was produced, and then the exquisite " Nozze di Figaro," a real musical gem, was presented to the musical world. In 1787 "Don Giovanni'' was produced—and in the following year " Cosi Fun 1'utte,"- which - is comparatively unknown. Three years afterwards saw the production of La Cleraenza, Zauberflote, and - his Requiem, which, unfortunately, the great composer did not live to finish. Unlike the productions of Meyer beer, which require a large orchestra and chorus with stage accessories, the character of Mozart's musicisdistinguished by its powerofappenlingto the deepest ..feelings of -our nature, comparatively divested of these adjuncts, and the music o " Don Giovanni" peculiarly so. The composer is stated to have said one day when conversing about it, "I did.not compose Don Giovanni for the public—I wrote it for my friends and my self." Throughout this great work Mozart exhibits a most romantic imagination; melan choly is the prevailing tone, and ?o strong is the imagery in which it is presented that even those with untutored ears are moved to enthu siasm. Mozart's sympathy was most extensive ; he participated with Handel in the greatness of sacred subjects, with Bach in the beauty of the fugue, but surpassed them both by the fertility of his invention, and. is not even second to Ilaydn in instrumental niisic. The opara was produced last night in a manner extremely creditable, considering the limited re sources of our small theatre. It would take more space than we could .afford to dwell on each beauty, . but »ve mar cull from them the most prominent: The aria by Leporello (.Mr. F. Lyster) in which he details the immense number of intrigues in which Don Giovanni (Mr Wharton) is mixed up, wns rendered very carefully ; and in the following scene we have the duet between Don Giovanni and Zerlina (Mdlle Durand). " Come place your hand," &c.;, accompanied witli some beautiful instrumentation. Following this is a capital; aria, "Now know the betrayer," by Donna Anna" (Madame: Escott), sung with her usual brilliancy of execution; and the echo of this; has scarcely died away when we have the song of Don Giovanni,' "Wine flow a fountain," which was Mr. Wharton's best effort. In the next scene, where Zerlina seeks to assuage M-isetto's jealousy in "Chide, 0 Chide," Mcllle Durand made a decided hit, and narrowly escaped an encore, and this act closes with a magnificent piece of vocalization, which was rendered by both princi pals and chorus with energy and precision. In the second act, the pieces calling for special mention are the song by Zerlina, " Ilear now sweet treasure," and the sesteitc at the conclusion, which ; was 'beautifully given, but evidently too classical in its composition, except for a fastidious ear. ... The ghost scene of the last act where the fear of Leporello .is painted with a true camic spirit, the instrumentation may be considered a marvel lous composition, arid the change of scene brings a reljefto* the audience—here Don Octavio (Mr. Squires) ' sang " Hope lend her tranquil sad ness," which is one of the finest songs in the opera, in a manner which brought the house down, but he could not be prevailed on to repeat it., Mr. Kitts, as the Commandant, did what little he had to do well, and the opera n'ound up with, the chorus of demons, which was extremely well rendered. The only deficiency observable during the per formance was the want of a brass instrument or two in the orchestra, and one or two cues which the chorus did not take up ; but the latter defect might be cured if Mr.' Loler would i^ive us a little more baton and less pianolorte. No doubt he tries to nipply the deficiency of the brass instruments with the piano, but then absence would not be so much felt if the choruses were kept steady by the conductor's baton. •Tub Mavor in his Robes.—Mr. J. M'Tntyre, the Mayor of S'in'lhuivt, yesterday appeared i" his official robes, for the first, time, in the proces sion. Tin; gown i« of hiaek coided silk, laced with sable fur, anil lined in tilt: sleeves with light blue silk, differing in this respect from that of the Mayor of Eaglehawk, whose robo is lined with white silk, 