ANGLICAN CHURCH OF ST. PETER, LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The ceremony conventionally known as the laying of the foundation stone was performed on Wednes- day at the site of the Anglican Church of St. Peter, in Sturt street west. The walls of the church are already raised in part to a good height, and the foundation stone has been laid at the north-east angle of the church, the ceremony having been post- poned till now in expectation of the Bishop of Mel- bourne being able to be present and perform the ceremony. In the absence, however, of the local head of the Church, the committee invited Mr B. S. Hassell, of the firm of Hassell and and Monckton, to officiate on the occasion. That gentleman was chosen for the honor, because he has for a long time been very actively connected with the parish, and has on all occasions lent valuable aid as a member of committee in bringing the church there to its present position of promise. The day was one of our warmest and brightest, and there was a goodly company present to witness or to take part in the celebrations of the day. Floating over the whole building were flags of the gayest colors, including one which bore the Australian arms, and certain insignia belonging to the United Operative Masons. A few evergreens, and bouquets of flowers, did the best they could in the remorseless heat of the sun to add still further to the decorations of the place. In a convenient place under shelter, was placed the church harmonium, at which presided Mr Capes, who conducted the choral, portion of the celebration. Mr Capes had under him a large band of children, as also a few adult singers whom, during his eight or nine months' term of office, he has succeeded in bringing into respect- able obedience to the laws of choral harmony. Several psalms were sung and chaunted by the choir, during the ceremony. On and near the platform by the foundation-stone we observed the Rev. Mr. Adeney, incumbent of St. Peter's, the Rev. Mr. Potter, incumbent of Christ Church, the Rev. Mr. Cummins, incumbent of St. Paul's, and the Rev. Mr. Allenby, incumbent of the church at Little Ben- digo, and which is, if we remember rightly, dedi- cated to St. James'. All the clergymen wore gowns or surplices, and beside them, were Mr. S. Learmonth, Mr. Hassell, and other members of the committee, as also Mr. C. D. Cuthbert, the architect, Mr. Thackeray the builder, and other persons connected with the church building operations. The proceedings were opened by the choir chant- ing the metrical version of the 84th psalm, commenc- ing " Oh God of hosts, the mighty Lord." The Rev. Mr. Potter then read part of the second chapter of St. Peter, after which prayers were read by the Rev. Mr. Adeney. Mr. S. Learmonth then read the following docu- ment as being a transcript of one of vellum enclosed, with copies of the local papers of the day, and speci- mens of coins of the realm, in a sealed bottle for de- posit beneath the foundation stone :— In the name of the Father, the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. The foundation stone of the Church of Saint Peter, Ballarat West, in the diocese of Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, is laid by Benden Sharvell Hassell, Esquire, justice of the peace, on this sixteenth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, being the nineteenth year of the consecra- tion of the Right Reverend Father in God, Charles, by Divine Providence, first Lord Bishop of Melbourne, and the twenty- eighth year of the reign of our sovereign lady Queen Victoria ; Sir C. H. Darling, K.C.B., Cap- tain-General and Governor-in-Chief of the colony of Victoria. The Reverend Henry William Howels Adeney, priest, incumbent of St. Peter's parish. Trustees—Somerville Learmonth, W. P. Whitcombe, Robert Wynne, J. B. McQuie. Church Building Committee—Horace Walker, J. S. Carver, John M. Fisher, Robert Williams, Thomas Gibson, John E. Hodgson, W. Lindisay Richardson. Architect—Charles Davenportt Cuthbert. Clerk of the Works—John Hunter. Mr Hassell then deposited the bottle in the cavity prepared for it, and the foundation stone was laid by Mr Hassell, who, having applied the square and plumbline, and given the requisite taps with the mallet, declared the stone to be well and truly laid. The choir then sang the well-known tune of the Evening Hymn ; the hymn beginning " This stone to thee in faith we lay." Mr Hassell then addressed the company present and said they had great cause for gratitude to God for the so-far successful results of the labors of the reverend incumbent and the several members of the church committee, the more as a church was very much needed in that part of the town. It had been hoped that the Lord Bishop of Melbourne would have laid the foundation-stone, but as it was too long to wait for his lordship's arrival, he (Mr Hassell) had been called on to perform the ceremony. He regarded that as a great kindness, and none the less seeing that he was about to leave the colony. However, he hoped to be back with them again some day to renew with them an intimacy which had been the source of so much pleasure in the past. He trusted that all would co- operate with their worthy clergyman and the committee, in every good work, and they might rest assured that the blessing of God would be upon them. The Rev. Mr. Cummins next spoke, and said that as we were all living in a world where the devil de- sired to have the mastery, it most be gratifying to every Christian to see every addition made to the agency brought to bear against the empire of the devil. He rejoiced to know that there were already a good many churches in both Ballarat West and Ballarat East, and all those were so many additional powers brought to bear in the suppression of sin. He trusted that the parishioners of St Peter's would have abundant reason to thinking for the blessings of the gospel faithfully preached in that new church, long might they have reason to be thankful to Mr Adeney for his efforts, and long might they live and prosper as a united flock in God's church. The Rev. Mr. Potter had no doubt that all regretted the absence of the bishop, but as the bishop could not be present, it was a kind and graceful compli- ment to select Mr Hassell for the performance of the day's ceremony. He could say that as being well ac- quainted with the antecedents of the parish, if it had not been for Mr Hasssell and one or two others, things would not look so well as they did that day. Great difficulties there had been, and there might yet be some to encounter, but the fact that they had been able to accomplish so much and so suc- cessfully, showed what could be done. At one time the parish had so far gone down that he believed it was only by his urgent representations to the bishop that the Rev. Mr. Adeney had been sent there, by whose exertions so great part so much had been done. He had felt sure that if any body could raise up the parish Mr. Adeney was the man, and so he took so far the credit of having urged on the bishop the sending that gentleman to take charge of the parish. There were still difficulties, but if they only went on and co-operated with their clergyman and the church committee, they would be triumphantly suc- cessful, and would soon have the pleasure of sitting in a church where they would feel that they had themselves helped to bring about its erection. It was not the easiest won things that were the most prized, and having done so much, they would have the satisfaction of knowing that by God's help, they had so far accomplished the work set before them. The Rev. Mr. Adeney said it was with feelings of great gratitude to God that he was there that day. He also felt grateful to the members of the com- mittee, and particularly to the gentleman who had laid the foundation stone that day. He was happy to have the opportunity to thank him for the assist- ance he had rendered to the church and for his pre- sence that day to engage in one of the last labors he would be able to perform before leaving the colony for Europe. It was satisfactory to know that so much had been done. The church was not a speculation ; though, as the congregation was not large, the difficulties to be over- come were of course the greater. But there was evidence to show that they had been able to do something. He had great pleasure in being able to say that of the £700 or £750 sub- scribed and promised, not more than £50 had come from outside the congregation. Yet they must bear with him if he said the parish had not yet done all it could do. There were some who had not helped, nor had associated themselves with the church, who ought to do so. Still, he thought there was encouragement to go on, for if they were not pro- gressing quickly, they were advancing surely, and with more room the congregation should still more increase. He would not only advert to a mere outside connection with the church, but would im- press on them all to become members of that spiritual church of which Jesus Christ was the corner stone. Without that spiritual connection with the church, all the works done would be profitless, and would not prosper their souls ; but he trusted that God would prosper that and all other the works of their hands in this cause. The rev. gentleman concluded by announcing that a collection would be made at the gate, and that the Rev. Mr. Cummins would preach that evening in the school-room of St. Peter's. The choir, then sang the 149th Psalm, commenc- ing "O praise ye the Lord," and the benediction having been pronounced by the Rev. Mr. Adeney, the proceedings closed. We may add that, including the cost of the site, the estimated cost of the works already undertaken is £1900. Towards this amount £442 17s have been paid-up, and £270 4s have been promised, leaving £950 more to be raised by private subscription, which will, it is expected, be supplemented by a grant of £950 from the council of the diocese. The style of architecture adopted in the building is a middle period of the early English style. The almost entire absence of ornamentation has been rendered necessary by the small limit allowed to the architect. The building consists of a nave, two transepts, a chancel, vestry, and two entrance porches near the north end, flanking each side of the north gable of the nave. The nave has a breadth of 26 feet 8 inches, by a length of 79 feet exclusive of the chancel, which has a further length of 15 feet. The height of the nave from the floor line to the ridge is 45 feet 6 inches. Each transept has a depth of 20 feet in two bays, by a breadth of 22 feet 6 inches. The north end of the nave will have a triple lancet window, with the mullions and jam mouldings of bluestone. This window will be surmounted by a trefoil window, having the tracery also of bluestone. Over the entrance doors in the gables of the tran- septs, will be wheel windows filled with early Eng- lish tracery. A portion only of the building is now being proceeded with, consisting of the nave and the western porch. The arches of the chancel and the transepts will be bricked up. When finished, the whole of the building will be of bluestone, most of the dressings being fine axed. The building, when completed, is computed to accommodate six hundred persons, and the cost is expected to be about £2500. 