ENGLISH SPOUTING NEWS. [from oto own correspondent.] London, 27th June, 1804 Taking up the thread of my discourse from tho point where it has been ' floating on tho wind ' for the last thirty days, I must 'hark back 'to Epsom, and take a retro spective glanco at the lato Derby, anent which. I was only ablo to send you a hurried sketch in my last. Looking back at it, then, calmly, and with the light which tho Ascot running has since thrown upon it, there is no resisting tho belief that it was a true run m. u^v) »uu vm*u ua uiiu javu -v tio lull ifUU Ulsiiv horse won ; though it is more than question able whether the positions of the first and second horses might not have been reversed had different tactics been observed with respect to General PeeL Why a horse with such a magnificent stride and fine speed should bo 'sent along' all the way in front, over a. hilly course, is a mystery which perhaps Aldcroft, or thoso from whom he had his orders, may bo ablo to explain, but which I con fess myself utterly unable to fathom. It is beyond a doubt that Blair Athol was, for a considerable part of tho race, completely over-paced, and it was simply that ho kept 'pegging away' — to use old Abe's favourite expression — and that tho General caino back itV iiiui liuiii uuuijj jmujjjuu. uut, wiuuu pre vented Lord Glasgow being hailed the winner ; of tho Derby of 18G1 That Lord Glasgow was not satisfied with the way his colt was ridden, is evident from the fact of Ins re quiring Aldoroft to send in his cap and jacket, so that wo may anticipate seeing . George Fordham on General Peel at Doncaster, should Mr. Ton Broeck be willing to spare him, which, so far as the American's own chanco of winning goes, he may just as well do. Another circumstance in connection with the running of tho first two horses in the Derby looks 'funny' — to say tho least of it — viz.,. that Jackson, the great northern bookmaker, who was supposed to go wholly and solely for 'the General,' should have, by his own confession, won £30,000 on Blair Athol!. In a word, many peoplo say that Lord Glasgow was cloverly worked, and that General Peel was not to be allowed to win unless Blair Athol was found not to be good enough, to do so. Of course, I do not Bay that this was so. and vou know 'peoplo will talk.' At any rate, it was not a bloodless victory for poor Blair Athol, for, after the experience of a good many years, I: may say most truthfully that H never saw a horse so .much punished with the spurs in my life. Literally you might; almost put your fists in tho holes Snowdon made in his sides, and this, it must be re membered, was indispensablo to keep him up to his horses in the early part of the race, as there was no punishing at last,. General Peel cutting it like tho veriest of curs the moment tho chestnut collared liim. There: are lots of men who, since tho Ascot running, maintain that Scottish Chief ought to have won, but I cannot agree to this, Du(;'ontho' contrary, believe Ely to have been tho third best horso in the Derby, only that not having been backed for a: place he was not perse vered with after; it, because certain that he couldn't win.' At the same time, I quite believe that Knight , of Snowdon, Scottish Chief, Ely, and- oven Cainbuscan wero quite good enough to have won nino Derbys out of ten, but tms was an exceptionably good year of horses, who are far and away bettor than the fillies. Tho worst brute o£ the:lotwas tho much be-praised Birch Broom, who turned outj as I anticipated ho would, a 'regular scrubber,1' and how clever men like Sir Joseph Hawley and Lord Westmoreland could, go for such a wretch js more than I can com prehend ; but they did, and took down drags full of real genuine birch brooms to hoist on tho return journey if tho 'good thine' had only 'como off.' I think I mentioned in my last thai? :I believed the crowd'at Epsom to havo been jjreaterthanit ever was before, even in the Exhibition year, and I find that all, ? ' tho authorities concur with me in this respect. - There were more serious accidents on the road coming homo than usual, though few of them ? found their way into the papers. One — a most singular ono— resulted ! in the death of two women. A largo party '.'in mixes;11 as the huntsmen say, wero returning in a pleasuro van, when tho men's pipes set tho curtains of tho van on fire, which, in its turn, ignited the light dresses of theso unfortunate women, who. were so seriously burnt that, after linccring. a few days in great agony, they died. Another dreadful accident hap pened to a gentleman's ' footman; who, got down when the carriage stopped at one of, the multitudinous stopping-places on tho road from Epsom, when a drunken costor monger drovo slap over the ill-fated flunkey, knocking him down, and breaking both his legs. and one of his arms. xno xnursuay at Jipsom is always a cum day, toujours perdrix, disagreeing with all stomachs, excepting strictly professional ones; and this year a bitterly cold wind, and blinding clouds of dust, did not tend to make matters at all more pleasant. After threo or four uninteresting affairs had bedn de cided,' seven horses wero brought out for the Epsom Cup,- including Fairwater arid Lord St. Vincent's new purchase, Tho Little Stag, who, between them, monopolized nearly all tho botting; though Tho ; Clown, Caroline, and Tippler oach had a small party nt their back. Tho 'Little Stag jumped off tho moment tho flag was lowered, and cut out the work at such a bat that nothing in tho raco had tho ghost of a chanco with him, except old Fairwater, and she, after a stern chase down the hill, found it was hopeless to try and catch him, and was accordingly pulled up at the stand. The Two-yr-old Stakes, which fol lowed the Cup, introduced us to a rattling good colt of Mr. Hodgman's, who is very happily named Victorious. Lo Bcarnais, a colt out of the lucky French stable, with a very high character, could only succeed in (jetting placed third, Captain Coopor's Anti-Macassar splitting the two favourites. Old Caller Ovi mndo a. woful ex&mnlo; nf tho littlo lot that opposed her for tho which the Emperor Louis Napoleon has inau- ' ji :i gurated is termed, did not excite anything ,' -j |.: liko tho excitemont this year in England . ? J it which it did last year, when Lord Clifden, 'j ;! The Ranger, and La Toucques were to meet '«.{'; in it. As soon as it was known that Blair l\ ', Athol was really going for it, all the other h ;! English competitors cried ' a go,' and it was ij H imagined that the only antagonist tho Derliy j| 4. winner would have to meet in any way ji » worthy of his fame would bo Fillo de l'Air, A | tho winner of tho French Derby, Bois Eous- . !?; [ sel, being looked upon as ' only plating ;??: i form,' ' while Vermuth, his stable com- ;| 1 panion, was regarded' simply as a ' pilot* ? engine,' and all other starters, if any, as of '!{ 'no account.' Accordingly, tho party o£ «;i turf emigrants from this side the Channel Ij i| was not- by any means a strong oiio, as it was I {! foreseen that it must bo a bad betting race. . ; i{ One gentleman — an owner of horses himself i ;1 — told me that, 'wishing to clear his exes, j t] and bring his wifo home a new silk dress. ! U from Pans, he laid 100 to 80 on Blair Athol,' ;; jj and this, I fancy, may bo taken as a fair \ '?? specimen of the tone speculation took upon \ I: the event. To everybody's unfeigned but- . !i prise, however, the raco turned out to.bo J ?;.! a triumph for a rank outsider,. Mons. j !? Delamarro's »econd string, Vermuth, by Tho ?.;.,!: Nabob out of Venneule, making all the ; '[ running and winning cleverly at last ; Blair ± Jj Athol hniBbing a bad second, and Fillo de ;. -i l'Air third, though, from tho latter's jockey ] F neglecting to -weigh after he came in, tho hf: Oaks winner was declared distanced. Tho -!J? excuse mado for Blair Athol is, that the paco 'jiJ was bad throughout ; and I am inclined to ?'? ,.'!; believe there is some truth in this statomeht- 1 !j! for he would most assuredly not havo pulled ? \t off the Derby had it been anything but a '? $ strong rim race, since, as I tried to show you ?(? above, it was only when ho had fairly worn .ijlj down his horses that ho was abletogettb 'pj the front at Epsom. The winner was hardly ; j backed fnr n. ullilKnrr. f.lirmrrll nnn luMrv \t ? individual took twenty-five 50's to 1 about i him, just as they wore going to start, tho ! | layer remarking when ho mado tho bot, that ? ;r ho 'had found half a century.1' ...' ! ( ,Tho Ascot Meeting would have passed off j | with unclouded brilliancy had it not been for ! ?' tho unfortunate railway accident at; Eghanr, . ' ;/ on tho Tuesday evening, by which six or ' il'ij seven persons met an untimely death, and ?./?[ numbers moro were seriously injured, and ??.' which caused a decided gloom to fall over the ';; j remaining days of the Royal gathering. I ??(.. myself had the narrowest possible escape of I ,; being in the train that .was smashed, having s £ boen one of tho lost to get into tho train that _ j ;was despatched immediately before it ? It ia j t \ .doubtful whether the real cau3O of the acci- 1 j ; dent will over bo known, but Be veral persons ??'.' who were in the smash declaro that the en- ?-:'', gine-driver of tho train which ran into tho j 1 one at Egham w&3 drunk. Should this fact 1 ' bo mndo. clear at tho trial, it.is hard to Bay 1 ' what punishment -would bo too severe for | such conduct, though tho humanitarians ' would doubtless show good cause why nothing , very serious should be done to him. To ra- , turn, however, to the races, which, by the ' way, wero 'patronised by tho Prince and Princess of. Wales both on tho Tuesday and Thursday, tho Royal party. having come quietly by rail on the former, and in semi stato — i.c, sans tho Master of the Buck- ' hounds, the Huntsman and Whips of 'the ' | Queen's,' eta, etc, — on the latter day. '3 The ' Monster Meeting' commenced with a ueia ol a rouna aozen going to me post ior ? ' I 1 tho Trial, the_ Cambridgeshire, winner, Catch- I 'cm- Alive, being quite unable to concede four ?? ' 1 stone and a half to Lord Westmoreland's two- \ 1 yr-old, Auditor, entered to be sold* for a 1 couplo of hundred, and tho talent, who had * I spotted the winner, thus drew first blood. ' j Littlo. Stag, Birch Broom, Fairwater, Win- ' |j grave, and Callor Ou wero all in favour for \ 1 Her Majesty's' Vase, but this time tho ^ !k I backers wero all put in the' hole, as the [ J winner turned up in Young Rapid, a rank , 'i1- ] outsider, who was bred by' tho late Sir II f j Tatton Syhca, and who won in a -walk, old * P I Fairwater comine home second, and Win- ' grave third. A large field of ybuhgstera started for the - Maiden Plate, tho two ? v \ favourites, Puritan and ?Stoapnell, finishing | ' first afad second, whereby Puritan .ahoweol \ himself one- of the gamest two-yr-olds I \\\ ever .saw - run, as hostrugglcd for three- ,' - quarters of a mile under punishment, and \l ' won cloverly at last . .X U'l t ' ? Tho Queen's- Stand' Plate, for two's and ' M ' upwards, was won in fino stylo, by Count ' ij Lagrango's'colt, Lo Bcarnais, beating Lady (J | ^lifdon arid Zambesi, besides a host of others; 1 1 I This makes Le Bearnais very yood,- and Mr; - 1 BTodginan's Victorious, who boat tho former j so cleverly. at JEpsom, quite first-rate. Baron Rothschild's Hippolyta landed tho pot with ' which she was entrusted in the Ascot Stakes: ! , -* but Black Deer, who got homo second} I ,%yould havo been a far better horso for :thb 1 bookmakers, as few of them had even written f ( ? his name. Of the thirteen that started for ' i the rich Prince of Wales Stakes, the Knight ' '2 of Snowdon— who had certainly a stonorthe , 1 best of the weights — was tho ? favourite, ( Filledel'Aircomingnextinpubliaestimation; 1 \ but Ely beat tho lot in fine style, thereby con- . ' ij j dncingtotlioopinionexpresscdintheearlypart ' 'il' of this letter, and which subsequent run; f 1 ninghas still further confirmod,tuftt there woro - not moro'''.-nn'j*-o horses in the TWby ' tlr who i.ero better than vly. Mr. Kerry's ,* 'I ' new Derby- crack, Liddington, by Orlando^ || h made n brilliant debut in tho- Biennial, by ) Ah beating a good fieliV nicluding Gardovisure; j !?'? I liko a race-horso;: aiid as a -wind-up to si * 1^ j day's sport (which would havo been unexJ 111* coptionable but for tho false start), the1 1 1 \\-. intirm Ranger beat the cowardly ? Bind ' l|, , Mantle and threo others after a smart racej '| I Breeze having nothing to meet in thji ' Coronation Stakes, landed the 5 to 2 laid V upon her without difficulty; and Peott proved himself hotter than the threo mites ? that opposed him in 'tho AsooS Derby. After this last event cama tho raco of tho day, viz. , tho Hunt Uup, for ? which noless than thirty-four started, Eve- ', ( lina being in such immense favour at last 1 that- no raoro than 4 to. 1 could be got about her. A great number of others wero / also backed at various prices, but 40 to 1 was laid 'against Mr. Longfield's Gem of the So.o,' iv frnmnm rl! V#»r-rv. wlirt innnnrrflfi to win On the post, however, after a very close raco ]'i- ''?ith Mr. MoiTy's Crisis, tho pair ha\'ing li 'ttr-'.!ir,'oned repeatedly from distress. Tho cro- ' \- 'wjiicn tuo liukq vi .nciuuorcB u '??in ?*'£ ''?? ,vritli him from Danebury ' ?']», i:,ii(.'i-n in u C( tTr-fV -was -lit onco installcu froia »,sfi ri iiii- .'.1 !.^o-yr-old Trionnialj B'A-m, lAiidou. W.C. ts. \vho cut out aU fi ? „ in tho New Biennials for twos, but 1 ?? JQX; , Merry's yellow .ind. black. ...was -ajcaln'triiimiiliant on Zambesi, a beautiful ? black eolt by [Saunterer, and very like his : ;»ire. Though not half fit he 'won in a walk,' \- many persona preferring hiiu to Liildington. \- Tho Knight of Snowdon cutting it again in f the 50 sovs sweo]- over the Swinley course, -Hark Forward just won by half a head. -Then, at something after four o'clock, ]-re- 1 f partitions were inado to start for tho Cuj), for \\[, Mwhich, despite his 'first heat' in the morn jij ;, 'Jngi Scottish Chief was made the favourite at :!, .2 to 1 ; Lord Clifden coming next at 3 to 1, ?I -while everything that started was backed at 1; ; some price or other. The race was one of tho |! ? -holloweat ever seen, for Jemmy Grimshaw 6, -being unablo to hold him, tho Little Stag i[ mado all tho running at a bad pace, fl until by tho time they reached tho b ? last turn, all the steam was out, if and Scottish Chief, who had been waiting ji! patiently upon him, came away and won l': 'as he liked by ten lengths, Lord Zetland a ??!;, bad third. Lord Clifden, who could not ! . ;act a bit on tho Iiills, never showed in tho j i race at any time. In spite of his having ;?; 'seventeen opponents and a 51b penalty, 7 :to 4 was laid on Liddington for the New ,;' -Stakes, who justified the confidenco of his V 'backers by -winning in a walk. ,: On the Friday, Blair Athol beat Ely : cleverly in the Triennial, and Anglo-Saxon landed tho new Alexandra Plato from a neici oi cwunty-eiguc, iur, itierrys unsia getting just the same position she did in the Hunt Cup, viz., second. ' Tho Hampshire meetings went off very successfully last week, though there was nothing especially noteworthy there, if I except the fine race between Ely and Cambuseau for the Stockbridge Biennial, ?when the superior powers of endurance of the former just pulled him through, and the clever victory of Gardevisuro over Koenig and Tennyson in tho Troy Stakes, when Koenig turned the tables on Tennyson, but again only got second. Milling matters aro looking up n little, Mace being matched to fight Joe Coburn, the Yankee Cnnmpion, in Ireland, this being ?Mace's last apj)oarance in the magic circle ; and Marsden, of Nottingham, being matched to fight Wormald — who lately defeated 'Hick's Big-'un' — for £100 a sido and the belt If not a very scientific one, this last affair promises us a genuino mill of the give and take order, between two equally matched ?big ones. ? 