SRELIGIOUS IN L'aLLIGENCE. Cnvacn or ENao.AND--Tho ourth meeting of members of the Hobart Town CChurch Union for the year 180l was held on the evening of the 20th altimo, at the Alliance Rooms. The en. Archlldeacoun presided. Several hymns weio sung by tbe choir under the leadership of MrI. F. Packer, after which Alderman Kennerley de. iivered Iis lecture on "'The Prospects of Slavery in America." INDEtBNDENT.--A speciti sersico was hold in Tamar-street Chapel, Launceston, on the evening of the 6th instant, in conmmemoration of its open. ing, that day being the 28th anniversary of the event. Was.nrAs. - Many of our readers' will regret to learn oa the decease of the Rev. John Allen Mouanton, formerly President of HIorton College, IRoss, Tasmnuit,and latterly of the Wesleyan Collegiate Institute at Newington, New South WVales. Tile rev. gentleman died on the 9th instant, after a lingering illness He was one of tihe oldest WVesleynn Min!sters in the Australitan colonies, being in thie 58thyear at !lis age, anil the 35th otf ia Ministry. mPlrtuatave MleTotsrs.-Srvices in connec tion with thie Primitive Muthodist Missions were held at Longftordt on Sunday and Monday, IlthI and 12thl ins:. TlIe total amount subscribed on thiese occasions wa?a £21. MIsELLANseoUSa.-Nre 2Aeeieaoary Sip.--Tlhe Sunday.achool chitdren of Launeeston are now collecting fonds to anid in obtaining a vessel to supply tiio loace of thie Joh Willliams, whlcil was recently lost. ; Tile usual monthly meeting of the Northern Tasmanian Sunday Solool Union was held in Ithe.llaptist Chapel, I.aunceton on O thltii st.,when Mr;: Ogilvle read ntt interesting address. Tl'he Conmmittee appointed toltoke into considera tlon the atoae ofl tie lrisltnestreet Ragged School brouglht up a report recommentdingthet erection olfa schdoltroom on a piece of land at the angle ot Brisbane and h'ollitngton.streets, whitcll land bhen offered on lease on very reasonatlo terms. The report was adopted and u building committee appointetd. An address Ihas heon preset~ted by tie minister, aateehiten, alnd .teachers of the Bishopsabourne Sanod y School to Mrs. A. C. Murray, on the oat casion of Iler leaving thiat district to reside at Evaundale." The address was accompanied by a very hIandsome workbox and Churchl serrvice, constituting gratifyiang and convincing testimonty that her exertiona in connection with tue sclhool were appreciated. r CHURCH OF ROME.-LAYING THEe CORNER STONE OF THE NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH AT LAUNCESTON - 'The corner-stone of the Catholic Church of tie Twelve Apostles in Margaret.streel, Launceston, was laid by, Bishop Willson with the cusnomary soletntuities onu Thursday morning, 15lth lostant. Unfortunately for ttose interested, the weather was anything but propitioan; slight drizclitg showers fell at inttervals during the whole of thie morning, and the ground was rather mnuddy. However, !ootwithslanding thene unfavorable cir. enuletanoces, there was a Unmerous uttetndance, iu cluding maty of thei fair sex., and every available spot from wbichta viewv of the proceedings could he obtained was crowded Strings of gniy-colored lage were. aspeOaltded across EIIabelilhstreet at its junction withtatlthurat.street, and at the entramuce gates tatdtheo Britishb ensig ound u.white bhnner withl a red cross loated over the corner-stont. The band of the Volunteer Rilles was in attend. once, having previously marched through several of' te streets to their own music. The ceremony, though annonnced In take place at ten o'clock, did not comnence until nmohot half'. past, when a procession onsistinr nI 'htie I:ilonp and the Hevds. Dr. Untler, O'Callinuh, t, iteler, Burke, lingan, Dunne, ieohan, Noone, Ifntler, and W?alsh, tIreceded hy several yonng acolytes, the foremost one bearing a large cruclfix, and another carrying n vessel containing holy water, were seen wending their way tfrom the residence of the Rlev. Dr. Butler. The Bishopw.ta clothed in the rochet, with ain and stole vested over with a white satin cope, On tIts head he wore a plain white mitre, and In his hand held a crosier. The priests were attired in cansnek, surplice, and cap. On arriving at a platform laid dawn close to the corner-stone, the procession halted. Thle' Bshop then at'vanced to the stone, and delivered a short address fromn thie text "Except tile Lord build the house, they labor in vain who build i"--Paulmt exxvi, I. 'rThe rest of the service was conducted in the Latin language, an 1 of course was quiteo on. intelligible except to a very few persos. Th'e order of proceeding was as follows, it being under. stood that all the prayers and psalms referred to were in tie Latin tongue. The Bishop having blessed the salt nnd water, and engaged in prayer, sprinkled soie of the water towards n plain wooden cross which markled the position of tile future altar. The choir of priests then chanted the 83rd Psalin,'during which a leaden box oon tailnng: the current coins of the realm, and a parchment document,was deposited in a place pre pared tfr its reception under the corner stone. The inscription on the document is in Latin, and is as follows " In hoenorem Sanclissimm et Individum Trhti. latls, et sub lnvocatione Duodecim Apostoloram, prlmum Eccleslm lpidleml atngularem, posult Robertus Gtlilelmos Episcopas Hohartonietsis, has die decimanquinlt menis Septemrbris AD. DtOoCCOIY. SunmmoPontifict, Pin IX.; Victorit 1\. Isrittaniarunm Regina; Thl'omt Gore Browne, 0.B, lMilitum Prm'ecto, Colonia Gulernatore; Prmtore Urhano, Abraham Blrrett; Rectore Ecilesimi Thomt. Butler, D.D.; Architecno, oHetrico Hunter; et mlillentoribas, Galvin et Francls." The Bishop then blessed the first or corner stone and repeated two prayers, at the conclusion of which he sprinkled the staone with the blessed water, and then taking up a gift trowel thrice made the sign of the cross with it on the stone, at the same time sayitng in Latin -"In the name of tile Fantier, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen" 'rhen followed another short prayer, after which the choir of nriests SEag the Litany of the Saints. The Bishop was then an mitred, and standing before tle atone repeated another short prayer. .After the choir had sung an anthem and tile 126th Psalm, tie Bishop, ;being mitred, took up some cement on thie trowel and spread it underneath the stone, which was immediately lowered into its place. Ilis lordelsi than struck it with a mallet of polished black. wood, and having tried it with a small plumb-line, declared that the first stone had been placed in the foundation. After it thad once more been sprinkled with the holy water, another psalm was bhsnted, and the Bishop and his clergy, pro. ceded by the acolytes, then went round sprinkling and blessing the whole of thle foundations, the choir of priests chanting anthems atd psalms, whilst at late vals tile Bishop repeated prayers. Having returned to the corner stone, the Bishop addressed the people in English. He expressed his gratification at seeing so large a concourse, es pecially as, the weather was so unfavorable, and said he need scarcely observe that if the weather had been fine, it had been his intention to ad. dress them at greater length than he had, but he felt that it would be unfair to detain them any longer than was absolute'y necessary. He then invited any persons willing to make an offering to the beloved Churc,, to come forward and place their offerings on the corner-stone. IMany eof te people then walked up and deposited money on the stone, each donor receiving a small printed slip, setting forth that the corner stone of thle Catholic Church of the Twelve Apostles, Launceston, was laid by the Right Reverend the Bishop of Hobart Town on 15th.September, and containing a short prayer from the Ritual. The sum subscribed on the spot amounted to £268 Tile Bishop once more addressed the spectators, and said he could not leave without expressing his very deep gratification and edification at tihe most orderly and pious conduct of every individual present. His Lordship commended their generosity, and said they would un doubtedly receive their -reward. Alter praying that the Almighty would watch over and bless them, the Bishop pro nonoced the benediction in Latin. The proceed. ings, which had lasted considerably more tihan an hour, were then terminated by the band playing " Godleave tle Queen." . 'Thle new church is being erected immediately in front of the old one, which is in a very dilapi. doated condition. It will be built of thoe dark stone obtained from the Cataract Hill, witll free. stone dressalngs, the style of architecture adopted being the Gothic, and when finished will to a handsome building. At present only the nave and aisles are to be proceeded with, leaving a sltul det:lched chapel, tile chancel, and the tower to be executed at some future tinme. 'The portion now to ie erected will be 80 feet by 60 feet 6 in. in the clear, and will cost nearly £4000. At the west end there will a fine window some 29 feet in height. Mr. Henry Hunter, of Hobart Town, is the architect, and Messrs. Francis and Galvin, of, Launceston, are the contractors for thile work. 