PUNCH'S NOTES AND QUERIES. : A SE.ÍSÍBI.E5S PIRACY UPON OVE HONOURED AND , IHISTIMAIILE rBlHND N AND Q. Curious Legal Custom. Can any of your readers inform me whether the following team to in obtains in any other place than Little Tiddleywinks. When a step on owes money to another, and will not pay, the alter consults an attorney, who sends the former what is called "A Lawyer's Letter." It is not an amiable practice, and I should be glad to hear that it is local only. Isrpxcuxiosrs. Quaint Sattxg.-What is the origin of the phrase "Sat upon," as applied to a discomfited person r I have sometimes thought that it may come from satis (enough), but I have chiefly heard it from turf men, military stokers, and others seldom rightly suspected of classical proclivities. Anti Slang. Wanted, a Quotations am a young author, end having just completed a work, I want a good quotation for the title page, and I dare say that some of the well-read contributors to "N and Q." can aid me, and I shall be much obliged by any one doing so. My work is on the advantages of Industry, and I desire a motto, in verse preferred, making an allusion to the Bee, and its habit of improving time, and stocking its cells from any available floral source. JCVRNIS. Customs in Society. When the ladies retire after dinner, why does the master of the house flick his table napkin after his wife, who leaves the room last r Is it a superstition ? And why does he take her place at the table, and say, " Now, then," as if the enjoyment of the evening were really going to commence . And why does the gentleman who has hitherto been the most stupid and dismal suddenly begin to grin, and proceed to rattle out jokes which certainly require the absence oldies and of gentlemen. As I am preparing a work on etiquette, I shall be glad of any enlightenment on these points. A Novice is the World. To Lady- Commextatohs.- In the Circulating Library at Southend, Essex, is a copy of Sir Bulwer Lytton's beautiful romance, Zanoni. There is a manuscript note in the margin of the page which describes the Apparition of the Dreadful Eyes and the Manifestation of the Unutterable Horror, and the words, written by a graceful female pen, are "Truly awful." As I think I recognise a kindred spirit in the annotation, I should be very glad if she would send her address to me, under cover to your office. SriniT-RiPPER. A Classical Qtjeby.-Do the best authorities at Oxford, (or Cambridge, if anything about Latin is known there) consider that Horace's phrase clear sauces implies that the ancients were acquainted with celery sauce Ghyffvd. PeDiGrEE on the Smiths' am endeavouring to trace the pedigree of the Smiths of Tottenham Court Road. I have certificates as far back as John Smith, fruiterer, who lived in Holborn in 1815, but beyond this I cannot get. Can any of your correspondents aid me ? We have a tradition that a Smith was knocked down in the Lord George Gordon riots, and an aged member of the family, resident in almshouses at Aldgate, thinks that either a Smith (2 a smart young dandy") whom she knew in youth, or his friend Brown (2 who went up in a balloon") came home very tipsy after the fireworks in honour of the Allied Sovereigns, and these facts may serve as clues. I shall be glad of an early reply, for a visitor to the house lately remarked that she would not wonder if Mr Smith got knighted one of these fine days, and it may be well to be prepared for Herald's College. Samuel Tbaddles, (Solicitor). Antmositt towards Spiders. Can any of the correspondents of "N and Q." inform me what is thought to be the origin of this feeling? I have recently married, and my bachelor study was rather profusely adorned with hangings produced by the industrious and indefatigable animal. To my surprise, during my absence one day, my wife and the housemaid cleared them all away, and in answer to my astonished inquiries, I could get no explanation from the former, except that I was a pig. I suppose that there is some female superstition on the subject, and should be glad to be informed what having no animosity myself towards a creature that sets authors so good an example of the poet's golden rule, Nulla died some lined. DoMiwnr Sampson. Expiawajiok op a Pommer. Water is? usually a model of good sense. But why does he, in his moral song about ants, make the following complaint ? " These comets, how little they are in our eyes !" Would one not rather wish that they should not be in our eyes at all, than announce that they very seldom get there . Perhaps the learned Attorney- General, who edits cur hymns so admirably, would explain the passage. It would not be beneath his dignity, for I see with pressure that the learned Solicitor-General exhibits a picture in this year's Academy, and I am glad to see that great persons grow so affable. Mats Ocvlvs. Folk Lobe. Rider g recently in the Regent's Park, and having some little difficulty with my horse, some juveniles, who were watching us with evident amuse, ment, exclaimed " Get inside, Sir. I do not know whether they were advising me to take the horse within the enclosure, but I should think not, because the gates were locked, and I am induced to believe that the exclaimed was a specimen of the quaint and time-honoured "chaff" of the humbler classes. Have any of your correspondents an idea of its meaning . CocxjfBV. Nvrsebt Rhtke*.-The rising generation is grateful to you for allowing your correspondents to record the interesting evidences of domestic playfulness, and in the hope that the following may be new to many nurseries, I send it. I first heard it from my old nurse who, I thick, had in girlhood been in some suzerainty situation in the family of Lord Eldon. Hence, perhaps, the allusion to the wing, though it is hardly probable that domestics would allow themselves to jest about the attire of their noble employer: " There is a little pig, And he wore a little wig, And he stood upon his hind legs, Asd danced a little jig," AntLoiTHi, In a fine tall copy of the third folio of Shakspere, | now in my possession, the exclamations of Hamlet, who is seen the Ghost, and summons his colleagues, are printed thus : "Holle! who ho! boy; come, Bird, corner." Addressed to ¡larcellxts, the word "bird" would be absurd, unless Hamlet's madness were breaking out very early indeed, and we cannot suppose that the elegant Hamlet would use a term equivalent to the " old cock " of the colloquial life of our time. But I see one "Bird mentioned as among the players in the Globe company. Was he the original Marcellus, and was this merely a note in the prompt copy, to remind him of his entrance: Venerable Bede, M.A. [We think the criticism futile. SainUt may well call his friend a bird, when he calls his father an old mole, his venerable friend a fishmtngeT, and the players gentlemen,- in. PuncVs X. 4 Q 1 Social Tbeimaconbt -At a dancing party the other night, I had no partner, so I went down alone to supper I obtained plate, and by same management got two wings of a fowl, three slices of tongue, and a help of lobster salad, with some good pieces, and see I was retiring to eat it in acomer,whenatall"swell, in a very affable manner, took the plate from me, say it, ' Just what a lady wants Then I saw him eating it himself I am not much used to society Is the phrase a sort of pass word, to be accepted like a freemason s Sign And if so, what is its origin Savoy Soft Taking a Sight-A more vulgar and offensive gesture than what is known as "taking a sight can hardly be and I am glad to say that it is used now only by the aristocracy in clubs and by the lowest cards at the doors of public houses Yet it had once a grave significance, and was practised by the highest persons, for Lord Bacon says, that " my L Wal ginghams, being stirred to erect unto himself a man 610, was asked by the Queen's Male how his house prospered Alack, most dread Sovereign," he said black a spot to build it upon the Queen, point- ing through the casement to a fair domain (none of her Gate s) did reply, finger to nose, ' My lord take a Site A Di ELIS ARCHITECT | Pawnbrokers -I am informed by a menial that the lower orders speak of a pawnbroker (a person who lends money on pledges) by the name of ' My uncle The habits of the inferior creation have some in terest for an observer of nature, and should the circumstance be known to any gentleman who reads " N and Q, he will perhaps favour me with an emanation Is this a ludicrous effort on the part of the canaille to get some fragme t of a pedigree De La Montmorency Bigg A Dodge Defeated -In a beautiful and exciting novel, which is now the rage in society, and which is called Emerald, or the Pardonable Parricide, I find the following allusion -" Dashing his fair bride from him, he gazed on her in horror, as did Lycos the Centaur, at the serpentine incarnation. Pray, who was Lyons the Centaur Ambilator i clever person, do to be done. We can tell you of another, who saw that your letter was as artist putt for your publishing book so be altered the title rou pare, its a Ambulance Liua fcrW alterEd Tesch > X Y Q Seal Motto Wamhd -There is in my possession a very curious seal the date of the engraving of which I cannot determine, but I shall be happy to show it to any one who will come into Cornwall, and call on me It is mounted in brass, the engraved substance is glass, and the device is a ship at sea, with the motto (a corner chipped off and a letter or two lost) i co ii life Could any contributor help me to a conjectural restoration of the legend Phoca 