QEURSDAY, JONE 39, 1864. The necessity for a reform in our present legislative system must be ob- vious to any one who has taken the pains to study the working of the principle of popular representation. The impotence of our Parliament to make laws is shown in a hundred recent instances. The one function which is supposed to belong specially to a Parliament is precisely the very function which the Victorian Parliament has invariably failed in dis- charging. The Legislature of Victoria, in fact, is altogether a misnomer. It make3 no laws-it can make no laws-in any intelligible and consistent shape. It has tried its hand at a variety of subjects, from the settlement of the lands to the regis- tration of dogs ; and there is not one, perhaps, in which it can properly be said to have succeeded. It passe3 bills at great expense, only that they may fall still- born from the printer's hands. It is perpetually committing the most ludicrous blunders, and constantly af- fording to the lawyers that pleasant and profitable pastime which is known as driving a coach and four through an Act of Parliament. If any public abuse requires a remedy, the remedy applied is sure to contain some half-a-dozen other abuses worse than the one which it was intended to cure. Faulty acts are amended by acts more faulty ; and the confusion rendered worse confounded by consolidation. Scarcely a single act of our Victorian Parliament can be said to fulfil the pur- pose of its framers, or to supply a public necessity. The important measure of Electoral Eeform, for which we were indebted to the O'shanassy Govern- ment, was nearly spoilt for all practical purposes by the conflict of sections, by obscure phraseology, and by ludicrous errors, both of omission and commis sion. The two local government acts appear to have been devised solely for the vexation of mayors and shire coun- cillors. They form together the most extraordinary farrago of legal rubbish which was ever shot out of Parliament. The laws relating to mining companies are in a hopeless state of muddle. They have done what they ought not to have done, and left undone that which it was their purpose to do. The now Publicans Act is a perfect nest of mysteries, con- founding the souls of confectioners, and defying even the elucidatory powers of Mr. John Edwards, M.L.A. The Dog Act and the Game Act aro puzzles equally great in their way. The latter measure, in its zeal for the protection of imported animals, makes it penal for a man' to slay his own rabbit, of his own importing, in his own ground ; while the Dog Act bears all the impress of having been framed by the ghost of some recently asphyxiated brute from the canine Malebolge in the Rich- mond Barracks. But the crowning illus- tration of the bungling way in which our legislation is done, is to bo found in the egregious blunder which has been perpe- trated in the recent act for the abolition of political pensions. Someunlucky genius seems to attend all our efforts to get rid of this intolerable scandal. Once before, the Parliament solemnly repealed the wrong section of the Constitution Act, in the patriotic attempt to get rid of pensions ; and now it has perpetrated almost as amusing a blunder, by re- pealing more than it intended to repeal. The act for abolishing political pensions, passed in the last session of the House, and which now awaiti the Eoyal "assent, repeals the whole of the ¿51st section of the Constitution Act. Eut in the last paragraph of this section there is this proviso : " Provided, lastly, " that the amount accumulating from " any unexpended or unappropriated " parts of the said sums montioned in " the 5th and 7th parts of the said " schedule D shall in no case exceed the " sum of ten thousand pounds on each, | " and that any balance above that " amount, on either of the said 5th and " 7th parts, shall revert to the consoli " dated revenue of Victoria." Here it will be seen that the limitation extends not only to jjolitical pensions, but to the judges' pensions (provided for in the 49th section) ; so that in repealing the whole of section 51, the Legislature has repealed a portion of the act having reference not only to the political but the judicial pensions. The effect of this blunder is practically to deprive the country of all the benefit of the economy which it was the object of the new Pensions Act to make. The country goes on paying £4,000 a year, even after £10,000 have been accumu- lated, for the judges' pensions. "What more glaring instance could there T>e of the incompetency of the two Houses for the practical work of legislation than that, even in a matter so simple as this, on a question of bo much public interest, they are unable to make a law to effect their purpose ? This defect is not one which is pecu- liar to our Parliament. It is inherent in all Parliaments chosen on the popular principle. The members of the two Houses are, in fact, utterly incapable, by the very nature of things, of being legislators. They are not men of legal training-they are not even required to possess the ordinary rudiments of a common education. What greater absur- dity can there bo than to place in their hands a task so difficult and delicate as that of drawing up a law in a logical shape, and in simple phraseology 1 We perceive that it is not possible, even with two law officers in the Ministry, for the Government to make a law which shall be at once clear in its terms, sufficient for its purpose, and easily in- terpreted. And, if the whole legal force of the Government is not able to do this, how can we expect of the members of the two Houses generally to become legislators 1 There are two remedies for this evil one which has been partially adopted, with but indifferent success ; another, which has been strongly recommended to us by the highest authorities, but which has never received a fair trial. The appointment of a single Parliamentary draughtsman would not answer the purpose. The greater part of the acts are, at present, drawn by professed Parliamentary draughtsmen, and yet wo perceive them to be defective, either from inherent looseness or illogical wording, or from the tinkering process which they have to go through in committee. No single officer can ever be expected to fulfil the func- tion of a legislator, and even if such a man could be found, it would not be safe to entrust to him a responsi- bility so onerous. The only sound alternative, we believe, is in the appoint ment of a legislative board of three, as proposed by Mr. Mill, to whom should be delegated the entire function of drawing up bills. Let the principles of legislation be settled by the two Houses, but let the practical work of embodying those principles in plain and logical terms be entrusted to the legisla- tive board. The bill having been put into shape by the board, might bo then returned to Parliament for final approval, with the understanding that no new clauses and no material amendments shall be introduced with- out a second reference to the legislative board. The members of the board should comprise all the best legal talent available, and, in order to secure their independence, they should bo placed in the same position as the commissioners of audit. We cannot conceive what reasonable objection there can be to such a system. It would not relieve the Parliament of any of its real responsi- bilities-it would be a vast saving of time and money to the country- and it would insure us laws that at least would be consistent and intelligible. Mr. Jenner is an honest man, but he must be trepanned before ho is con- vinced. Ho tells us that Protection is not dead, but sleepeth-that the League has not been asphyxiated-that it has entered heartily into the discussion of the great question involved in its pro- gramme, and that 1,500 people collected together on a cold wet night at St. George's-hall to hear it. "These are " pretty strong indications that com " paratively few will be returned to the " next Parliament who do not consent to " its principles." Like Mrs. Pardiggle, he himself is incapable of fatigue, and means to go on till he has done. In the meantime, we may remind him that the size of a meeting is no testimony to the truth of " tho platform "-that in a meeting, while some go to pray, as many go to scoff-that men attend meetings from various motives, and that a meet- ing at which Mr. Jenner is the pre- siding genius is about the last place they would attend to be intellectually convinced. But let that pass. We will give in the cold wet night, and the gal- lant 1,500 who defied it. Fox used to keep a certain stupid Lord B-about his person, as a representative of all commonplace English prejudices, for the special purposo of gauging public opinion on a measure by his. It is right that there should be a foolometer in all com- munities ; that folly should have its ex- ponent as well as wisdom, and that, if there are 1,500 fools in the place, some- body should sacrifice himself that his neighbours may be able to test the ex- tent of their folly. It is not a very noble office-it is not a constituency to be proud of ; but if Mr. Jenner likes to wear the bells, we have nothing to say in opposition. But to return to the argument as it lias been most recently propounded by the great master himself. As we seo inyes terday's issue, the force of Mr. Jenner's inventive powers on the subject of pro- tection expends itself in tho followine suggestion :-" Were we to remove the " duty from tea, sugar, coffee, and rice, " which averages twenty per cent,, and " raise a similar amount" (we presume, of revenue) " from other articles, at an " average of ten per cent., it would bo no " additional taxation, but would be of " immense advantage, for capital aud " labour would then be employed in the " colony, and all would reap the benefit." This is the panacea, this is the last utterance of the oracle ! Mr. Jenner proposes to take off an equablo tax a tax that is .acknowledged by econo- mists to be the fairest in the whole scale of duties, and to substitute for it an impost of a partial character. And for what ? That capital and labour may reap the benefit, forsooth ! As Mr. Sktmpole said to the immortal Coa vinses, " very odd the mental process in " you men of business "-very odd the sort of reasoning by which Mr. Jenner arrives at the benefit he announces from his premises. What is it ? . How is it to be reaped 1 To be of any use, to be of the use he proposes it to be, to capital or labour, it is clear that Mr. Jenner considers that the ten per cent, duty would be prohibitive. To afford protection to native industry it must bo protective. Now, the question is, is it protective 11s there any shadow of a shade of protec- tion in it 1 Would an extra ten per cent, upon the price of any foreign article re- strict the importation of that article in any perceptible degree 1 Would it restrict the importation to such a dogreo as to turn the balance of demand in favour of the corresponding home-made article? Mr. Jenner knows, as well as any man, that the homo manufacturer and the foreign manufacturer do not start on the samo footing ; that they have not the same dead-weights to carry in the race ; that the home manufacturer is burdened and disabled with disadvantages that his competitor has not ! Does Mr. Jenner think that a £10 bonus to the one side would equalize the chances of winning does he think that it would compensate to tho home manufacturer for his extra charges-that it would cover the excess of his outlay in wages, in the price of coal, in the value of money 1 Absurd as it seems, if he thinks at all about the matter, this is the form his process of thought must have taken. But perhaps, like Coavinses, ho has a profound con- tempt for thinking ; and, like that practical philosopher, considers he has enough to do, and little enough to get for it, without thinking ! So far, then, his scheme has failed in the very point at which success is claimed for it. As he has propounded it, its effect would be injurious, not remedial. It would not stimulate native industry, it would not enable the article taxed to be produced at a profit in this colony, it would not admit of the colonial article being made, and it would raise the price of the English article. All that it would do besides would be to substituto for a I revenue that is certain a revenue that is uncertain, for an impost that falls fairly upon all, and is felt by none, an impost ' that would be irritating by just as much as it is partial. But Mr. Jenner would probably re- mind us that ho would imposo a ten per cent, duty, not upon one particular article, but on all articles of import, save the specified ones. It is its universal in- cidence that would " benefit labour and " capital." The difference is obvious : we shall see in whose favour it operates. And, in the first place, it is worth while that the working man, who is a con- sumer, not employer of capital-and who, in bis character of consumer, is most interested in the problem-it ia worth while that he should clearly under- stand the practical effect of Mr. Jenner's proposal upon his means of living. "Wo will suppose, then, for the sake of ex- ample, that his universal ten per cent, duty is carried, that the boots of tho working-man have to pay ten per cent, to the Government before they leave the Custom- house, and we -will then proceed to trace the ultimate result to the pocket of tho working-man. Under existing arrangements, ¿£100 worth of boots reaches the retail market at an advance of £40. Tho importer charges the retailer twenty per cent, on the first cost to cover his expenses and profit, and the retailer adds another twenty per cent, for his. Under the proposed duty, the charges multiply. The importer has to add to the invoice the amount of duty-namely, ¿610 ; the interest of this ¿610, say for three months, and the expenditure on extra stoi ework-making in all probably £115, on which he lias to charge his twenty per cent, profit. The retailer, in his turn, charges his profit, an equal sum, and thus the goods, which, without duty, would reach the consumer for about £140, stand him in over ¿6100. But the mischief does not stop here. General prices have risen, the rate of living is advanced. Both importer and retailer find their expenses increased by twenty per cent., and their profits proi ortionately diminished. Something must be done to restore the balance. In a spirit of compromise ten per cent, is added to the profits to meet the de- ficiency by both sides, and the consumer gets his £100 worth of goods for some- thing over £190, instead of £140. Ia other words, the workman pays for his boots under the Jennerian régime about one third more than what he pays at the present moment. And as with his boots, so with everything that he wears, everything that he eats or drinks, or that shelters him, which is not of home manufacture. His wages, meantime, fall as the climinution of tho generaL prosperity and the contraction of the general means reduce the demand for his work. On the other hand, the advance in prices operates nothing in favour of the local manufacturer. The local capitalist, as compared with his foreign competitor, is no better off than before. The ten per cent, duty has created a want, but it has diminished his means of gratifying it at the same time. The opportunity is offered him, but he is powerless to seize it. He sees at a glance that ho cannot expect to undersell the foreign producer with his. .own resources so hampered with liabili- ties; he sees the purchasing power of the cornmunity out of which he is to make bia profits diminished j he sees his market restricted, and his customers crippled ; be has to pay dearer for the very machinery that is to establish his manu- facture, and, comparatively, dearer for the labour that is to work the machinery. Seeing all this, knowing besides that a revolution in the financial policy of tho country may, at any moment, restore matters to their original status, is it likely that the capitalist would remove bia capital from a safe and lucrative in- vestment to embark it in an enterprise fraught with so many risks, aud offering at the best so little chance of success 1 Bead it how we may, is it likely, in a -ivord, that Mr. Jenner's scheme can ever be interpreted to favour Mr. Jenner's theories % A ten per cent, duty will not be remunerative to labour, and it will not encourage tho employ- ment of capital. A me ting of the electora of the East Bouike Boroughs filled the little court- houso it Brunswick last evening, for the purpcwa of considering who should be doomed the best fuccei-por to the lot» lion. E. TIeal:s as repre ftntulivo of the district in the. Legislative Aiseiubly. The chair was takon by Mr. 15. Hostel, mayor of the borough. Before the moie exciting paît of the basin:',s «as eiiteied upon, re;oluttons were car- ried i-xprefsive of the deop îegret felt at the death of Mr. Ileato, and sym- pathy with his widow, to whom the chfimniin wa3 instructed to intimate the feelings ofthe electors. This over, the meet ? ing plunged into election matter?. First, it was mooted whether a deputation should not wait upon Mr. T. J. Sumner, to get him to stand ; but it was positively asserted that that gentleman intended, as heretofoio, to eschew politice, und tho proposition was therefore abandoned ; nu also wai a suggestion that Mr. Michie he invited to atand. Two avowed candidates, Mr, Grooves and Mr. J. G. Burtt, the latter connected with the Australasian Reform League, were in the room, end after a while their friends proposed that they should bo heard. This .was vehemently opposed by a, small sec- tion, who darkly hinted that, as another candidate was in the background, hut had stayed away that evening out of de- licacy, all should have an equal chance, and, therefore, the speeches should be held over till the following night. This met with little favour ¡ and a proposition to send a requisition to Mr. Cope, of tho before-mentioned League, who appeared to be the " dark" candidate, asking him to stand, was rejected by a large ma- jority. After this, Mr. Grceves and Mr. Burtt addressed the meeting for half-an-hour each. Both were received with favour, especially the former, on whose behalf some llttlo enthu- siasm was displayed. The proceedings then concluded ; but we believe the electors will ha addressed again beforo Tuesday next, which is the day of nomination. We understand that a requisition hns been presented to Mr. David Moore, asking him to stand for Sandridge at tho next general election. The resolutions touching the proposal of .tho Melbourne and Essendon Railway Com- pany <o close their line on the 1st July passed at a meeting of oivncrs and occupiers of property in the Flemington and Essendou district, on Friday last-wera submitted yoä teidny, by deputation, to Mr. J. G. Francis, who (in the absence from totvn of Mr. Grant) is acting Minister of Bailivays and Roads. The deputation consisted of about thirty gentlemen, including the mayor of Melbourno, and etveral members of tbe Legislature. Mr. Francis expressed his sympathy with the object of tho deputation, but intimated that there would be difficulty in complying with their wish to run a fey? traini daily, because an inspection by tho onglneer-in-chiof tho previous day showed that the lino stood in great need of repair, and that tha coat of making it safe for traffic would be £3,305. Tlio lion, gentleman abo Btuted that some time since negotiations were opened between the Government and tho cDmpany for the purchase of the line, but the negotiations fell through because tho company required a larger sum than tho Government were pre- pared to give. Tho Government (aided Mr. Francis) were Btill disposed to purchase or leaFe the line on reasonable terms ; but no action could bo taken to prevent the com- pany closing the line on the 1st July. At the usual meeting of tho council of the -Acclimatisation Society, held on Tuesday -present, Mr. B. Wilton, Dr. Black, Dr. Mueller, Dr. Madden, Professor M'Coy, Meäsrs. H. E. Watts, A. Purchas, D. S. Campbell, G. W. lUisdtn, and H. J. Chamber»-the secretary ?reported tho continued satisfactory progress of thcifatoon parr, most of which bad arrived at a stage which necessitates feeding. A numbor of sketches of the Gipps Land ilverj suitible for the salmon were laid upon the table, having been tuoit kindly furnished to the council by Mr. Wilkinson of Hawthorn. TbcEc sketches were accompanied with some very valuable notes by Mr. Wilkinson on tho foimntion and situation of the various rivers. Altttur from the surveyor general, referilng to the Eame subj« ct, was also read, stating that in his opinion the Tambo or Snowy Eivers should have the preference. A com «municnlion from the Gipps Land Luces Navi- gation Company was laid before the council, offering the use of their vessals in transport ins the salmon to their futuro home, if it bo decided to make that home in Glppi Land. Ko defmito decision was airivcd at, as it wi" .probably bo months before the fish are re moved. A report from the Stock Committeo was brought up, recommending the im :poitation of moro Angora goats, this being an animrl eminently suiti d to this country, so far as experience at present goes. The re- port also recommended that tho society's ciTo)t3 for the present year should bo . confined moro exclusively to India, rather than to spread those efforti over too largo a surface. After somo discussion, it was deteiminpd to devote a sum of £300 for the introduction of the Angora goat; and £2C3 for tho introduction of the floiiken, tho lar£,e Himalayan p:rtiidga; the Monal, the Kablege, the tragopan, and Pocrcs pheasants; the bustard, and rock pigeon. A report from the Finance" Com- mittee was brought up, recommendim; the -appointment of Mr. J. 0. Gama as collector for theenBtern poition of the colony, and of Mr. Cooke for the western division, which re- port was duly adopted. Dr. Mueller men- tioned that he had recently received a letter from Sir Henry Barkly, stating that the animals sent per Robort Passenjer, on her lost trip, had been forwarded on to Bourbon, as requested. The secretary reported that two emus had been received as a donation from the Ballarat society. Our dates from Sydney are to the 21th. .Bushrangers and floods are still the promi- nent topics. The council of the Acclimatisation Society . of New South Wales has distributed a Berks of questions, for the purpose of eliciting infor- mation from practical farmers as to the cause if rust in wheat It is to bo hoped that these Mil bo heartily responded to. " We have Buf feted all the injury the rust can do us," says tbo Sydney Morninq Herald, " we may aa well got the good it can do: and it will do us some good if it leads na to find ont how to avoid asimilar resnlt in futureyears, when, by the extension of agriculture», larger interests will be at stake. We have reaped no wheat, wo may as well reap experience ; and if we garner that crop to the full extent that is possible, we may, in the long run, find a compensation for our prosent losses. Even if wo should not thoroughly boIvo the mystery of rust, we may get some good by stimulating intmiry into the present style of farming, and directing attention stronsly lo its most prominent defects." Much km wheat, it appsau, will bo sown this season than usual. This hoi keen paitly owing to the scarcity and high price of good seed wheat, but still more to the distrust aa to a crop, arißing from ignoranco as to the cause of rust, or how to guard against it. It has been thought safer to le >k for some crop which, if lees remunerative, is lc83 exposed to the risk of total failure. The unfavourable weather, too, has had something to do with it. In eome paita of the colony the ground lies been eo continuously wetted that plough- ing has been indeûuit.ly postponed, while in some of the \ve6torn parts, strauge an it may seem to those who have b.'on waahed out of house and home, the ground for a lons time was too dry for Eowln^. The Free Public Library of St. Kilda, which is but of comparatively recent institu- tion, continues to advance most satisfactorily. In a report laid before the botough council latt eveninc, it was statci that thoattendanc3 at the library for the last month waa 191, or an average of nearly fifteen on each night of Its being open. Since the issue of their laat report, the committee have purchased booka to the amount of £75 11s. 9d. ; and they have resolved on lending out books to aub Hcriheis of £1 per annum-one volume at a time. This resolution is not to extend to recent publication?, cr to any book which the librarian kuovvs is in course of being read by any visitor to tho library. The committee have on loan from the Melbourne Public Library 107 volumes, and of their own pro- perty they have 313 volumes, or a total of 420 volumes, for perusal. The Sandhurst sale of Crown lands, on Tuesday, was exceedingly well attended, and the competition spirited. Sixty-four loti were offered, all of which found purchasers, with the exception of two withdrawn, and five for which no offeu were made. A ludicrous in- cident occurred in the course of the day. A mon and woman, who had both sbí their hearts upon becoming the po3se3sor of a five- acre allotment at Splitter's Creek, the upset price of which waa £1 per acre, bid against each other till the price ro;e to £910.'. psr acre, at which price it was knocked down to the man, who himself was neaily knocked down by the disappointod female. Darin; tho bidding she kept up a fierce firo of bitter remarks at her .enemy, for biddingagainsther-a poor woman; and when his longer purse enabled him to buy it, she fell on her knees, and imprecated curses, loud and deep, on his head, that he might never thrive on the ground either. An ox tensive salo is announced for the 26th of next month, and two following days. On the first day, eighty-six lota will bo offered-twenty seven town lots at Ascot, and twenty-three at Huntly ; and twenty-four suburban lots adja- cent to tho former place, and twelve lots adja cmt to the latter. On the 27th, sixty-three lots will be put up - sixteen town lots at Murchison, and fifteen at Goornong; and nineteen suburban lots adjacent to Murchison, and thirteen adjacent to Goornong; and on the 28th, forty town lots at Elmore, eighteen suburban lots adjacent to it, and four town lots at Redcastle. Free selection goeo on across the Murray. The following lots were taken at tho Albury Land Office on Thursday ¡--Simon Sherry, of Albury, GO acree, parish of Jindera, county of Goulburn ; Alexander Gallagher, of Wah- gunyah, Victoria, 320 acres, Boomanoomana, county of Denison, pirish unnamed ; Robert M'Kinnies, of Corowa, 150 nores, parish of Corowa, county of Hume ; George Sherwin, of Tararoiab, 320 acres, parish of Mulwala, county of Denison ; G. E. Sherwin, of Tara miah, 320 acres, parish of Mulwalla. Assessments and rates afford some key to iho prosperity of a place. In the Castlemaine Borough Council a rate of CM. in the pound, cn an nssesunent of £53,849, for the nine months from January to September, 18C1, has been struck without opposition. Some public improvements are in contemplation. For this purpose a sum of £1,525 17s. has been placed on the estimates, and it is proposed to appropriate tho greater portion of it to the formation and repair of streets. In the Supreme Court yestorday, points of law of general interest wore discussed in the casts of Wilkie v. Hunt and Eatlwood v. Bullock, and a point of attorney's law in the case of Bennett v. Hawthorne. In tho first case, the Court determined that a correspondence by letters waa not a sufficient contract of sale under the Statute of Frauds, because it did not describe tho goods sold, so that they could be identified without pnrol evidence in aid of the wiitings. In.the second case was dis- cussed the extent to which copies of proceed- ings in a " foreign court"-that of justices of the peace in New Zealand-are admissible in our courts, under our Evidence Act, No. 100. The Court reserved its judgement for mature consideration. The proverbial affirmation as to the course of tiue love, waa illustrated after a fashion at the Richmond Police Court yeiterday, in a capo where George Hills, a cibraan, was charged with attempting to commit suicide by drowniDg himself. In a rambling, inco- herent statement made by the prisoner, he alleged that he was going to be married, but that his faithless inamorata had abruptly told him "sho was going to have Homebody else." Baulked of his plunge into matrimony, he attempted a "header" into the Yarr*; but having somewhat loudly proclaimed his intention of doini» so, he waa arrested whilo taking a preliminary short run to give effect to his design. As some doubts of the pii soner's sanity were entertained by the Banch, he was remanded for seven daye, for medical treatment. At the same court, Robert Hun- ter, for beinx diunk, was fined 5.s, or twenty four hours' imprisonment. Ono or two small debt cases were also dealt with. Mr. W. Templeton, P.M., and Mcish. íí'Ciae, Pin- nock, and Clarke were the magistrates on tbo bench. Pcrfons locally interested in the question of Hcence3 will find somo information for their guidance in another column. The fortnightly meeting of the University Forensic Society was held on Toe; lay evon ing last, at the County Court, Swan=ton strcet, Melbourne. In the absence of the vice-president, for the evening, Mr. J. Fullar- ton was appointed chairman. The subject of debate was set out as follows :-" J. Thompson moitgagcdhÍB Whitcacro estate for £1,003 to A. Jackson, and afterwards mortgaged his Blacbacro estate for £500 to the said A. Jack- son ; J. Thompson then sold the equity of redemption in his Blackacre estate to F. Richardson, without apprising him of the exiEtc-nco of the mortgage of Jackson on his (Thompson's) Whiteaoro estate. Richardson did not ask Thompson if he had any other property mortgaged. Can Richardson Tedeem mortgage on Blackacre estate except by paying off both mortgages ?" The question was fully argued, and numerous cases citad-forlîlchard. son, by Mr. It. Craik; for Jackson, by Mcisrs. J. B. Gregory and J. J. Moody; and for Thompson, by Mr. Scott. Two now momba« were proposed. Wo aro informed that John Hamilton Brown, the defendant in tho case of W Carthy v. Brown, tried at the last sittings of the Supremo Court, who was then undergoing a sentence of two jears' impritornnent in tho Portland Gaol, on a charge of unlawfully wounding M'Cartby, has, by order of tho Go- vernor in Council, b;an discharged from custody, Tho action, which was specially referred to in our columns at the time, was, it will be remembered, brought by the plain- tiff to recover damages for tho loss of a leg resulting from a gunshot wound inflicted by the defendant Brown. The verdict being for tho defendant, established the fact that the irjury committed was justiñablo undor the circumstanco3, thereby having the effect of up3etting the decision of the Portland jury, under which Brown was suffering punish- ment. The Temperanco League of Victoria will hold their seventh annual festival at a tsa meeting in St. Georgs's-hall, to-morrow even- ing. In the Insolvent Court at Geelong, on Tues- day, in the case of Ernest Meyer, of Sulky | Gully, who had kept the Waterloo Hotel, at i Ballarat, tho Commissioner made some strong remarks on the conduct of a creditor named Dunn, a spirit merchant. " This is a", clear a caso of fraudulent dealing," said the learned Commissioner, " as I ever saw. You were aware that insolvent was being sued by an- other creditor, and to protect yourself you got tho insolvent, by false íepresentations, to sign a warrant of attorney, making away from his creditors tho whole of his property. You may think yourself very fortunato to escapo a committal." The witness then made a deposition upon oath that he would attend tho next meeting, on Monday, 15th August, and bring with him all the documents re- lating to his dealings with insolvent's estate. Among the passengers by the Leaping Water, is the Rev. W. ByrueB, incumbent of St. Mary's Church of England, Hotham, who returns, after an absence of eighteen months on a visit to Europe. The rev. gentleman, it is expected, will resumo tho charge of his parish on the 1st of August. An amicable arrangement has been effected between the representatives of the families of Marsh and Harrison with respect to the dis- posal of the money duo from Government on account of the contracts which these men had executed. It seems that a little mutual explanation soon removed the difficulties which had before impeded a settlement; and the protest which had been lodged by tho com- mittee acting on behalf of Mrs. Marsh and family, against the payment of tho money by the Government, has noiv been withdrawn. Tho football match on the South Yarra ground, to beplayed to-morrow, will be between the members of tho Molbourne Club and those of the South Yarra. The latter will not play any but bona fide members, and will not bo assisted by the St. Kilda Club, as mentioned in our issue of yoäterday. Tho gamo will commence at twelve o'clock sharp. A correspondent points out some slight in- accuracies in tho account given of the statt for the bush, and armed to tho teeth, of the four adventurous youths from the establish- ment of Messrs. Politz It seems, according to his statement, that they did go to work on Saturday, and on the evening of that day Btarted on the Dandenong expedition. It further seems that thej* all kept together, and by Sunday night, beginning to repent of their conduct, they came to tho conclusion that the beßt thing tbey could do waa to re- turn to Melbourne; and to Melbourno they carno back, reaching their respectivo homes on Monday morning. The writsr states that the boy Cunliffe went to his yvork on Tues- day morning of his own accord, as ho said ho wished to seo Mr. Politz, and apologiso for what he had done. A boy named William Donovan, aged nine years, was taken into the hospital yesterday afterncan, suffering from some very serious injuries sustained by the overturning of a dray in which he was riding alon; tho Brighton-road. The horse bolted, and the wheel rising upon a bank, the lad was thrown out of the cart, which then fe)', over upon him. It wos found on his adraieslon that hu had received a fracture of ono thigh, and that his hip was dislocated. Last evening it was stated that he ivas in a very precarious state. Mr. Robert Lewis, M.L.A., being about to visit England, has resigucd the office of president of the Benevolent Asylum, and a committee ha3 b^en appointed to devise the best means of acknoyvledging tho eminent seivices that gentleman has rondare! the institution. A sale of Crown lands in fea simple was held on Tuesday at Smythesdale. Thora w is a laige attendance of buyers, and the bid- dings were spirited. More than half the lots advertised were withdrawn, but will bo ga- zetted again for sale in about five or six weeks. Our Sydney telegram announces that the marino cable from Cleveland to Dunvviok was successfully laid yesterday. The St. Kilda Artillery Corps ara ordered to muster on Friday morniug, in uniform, with busbies at a quarter past eight, noar the Police-barraoks, St. ICilda-park, when ,a pho- tograph will be taken by Mr. Nettleton. Thereafter the corps will proceed to the re- view by the twenty minutas to ten train. The Board of Agriculture at a receut meet- ing voted £1 for the purchase of some scabby sheep, for tho purpose of testing Mr. Michael Costello's scab specific. The first dipping will take place on Saturday morning at eleven o'clock, on a piece of ground at the Eide of the Old Treasury. Queon-street, belonging to tho Mayor of Melbourne, who hns granted the uso of it for tho purpose. The oxperiment will bo under tho superintendence of Mr. Matson and a committee appointed by tho board ; and the experiment will ba open to all interested in the cure of scab. The Attorney-General has decided, with reference to a conviction by the Taradale Bench for sl.v-giog selling, that a legal point raited, namely, that the proceedings were invalid in consequence of "tho ground of suspicion and belief" not appearing on tho information, is fatal. The liquor seized has consequently been returned to tho defendant -a Mr. S niter. It was stated by Councillor Fraser, at a meeting of the St. Kilda Council last evening, that he had learned incidentally that it is the intention of the Government to sel' the land on which the St. Kilda Pound is erected. As the council have been endeavouring for some time to get this land conveyod to them- selves, they woro something surprised at the information vouchsafed them. Pointing to new fields for native industry, the Federal Standard enumerates some of tho products of tho Ovens and Murray districts: -"Leather is already manufactured in Beechworth of a quality fully eqral to tho imported article. The Ovens tannery sup- plies nearly all the bolting used in our mining claims, the "sole and kip" for our boot- makers, and the leather required by our sad- dlers. The local article has already obtained a wide celebrity in the neighbouring towns on both Bides of the Murray, and every kind of leather known in tho trado ia worked up in first-class style. We havo seen soveral fiao samples of cotton produced on the Murriy, and the native cotton flourishes luxuriantly all over the Billybong country. But we want the cheap labour to turn this product to ad- vantage. Hops grow excellently here, and a fine sample from the Indigo obtained a prize at the last show of the Beechworth Agricul- tural Sosioty. We especially recommend attention to the planting of hop-gardens in these districts, as likely to prove a very pro- fitable undertaking." The Bishop of Goulburn seems to have entered upon the administration of the affairs of his diocese with much Fpitit. From EDgland, India, and China, he has brought six additional clergymen. The Rov. John Lister Knight, M.A. of St. Catherine's, Cam- bridge, is to take ohBrge of the Bouth-eaatern portion of the diocese. The Rev. 0. J. Byng is placed at the Tumut. The Rev. John Maitland Ware has been appointed to Corowa. The Rev. F. A. Lilllngstone, B A. Trinity Col- lege, Dublin, has been appointed to Yass. The Rev. W. H, Pownall has been nominated to the districts of Young and Burrowa. The R*v. Pascal Lamb, M.A. of St. John's, Cam- bridge, is appointed to a new district, in- cluding Wollogorang, Collector, Tarrogo, Ti- ranna, and other places. Castlemaine, following the example of other towns in the colony, proposes to establish a penny savings bank. A public meeting to consider the matter will be held this even- ing. "A repnrr," pays the Advertiser, "reached Inglewood last evening, to the effect that about 100 ounces of nuggets, a doz=n in num- ber, hud been taken from a claim on Inglo wood-hill, the same morning. The same claim is said to have previously yielded nearly thirty pounds weight of gold." In reference to the eise of child desertion at Sandhurst, it appears that the efforts to bring the father to justice are unavailing, through the law or custom of New South Wales, to which colony he is subject. The | police authorities of Deniliquin, where the delinquent resides, notify to those of Sind buist that " it is the opinion of the bon. tho Attorney-General of New South Wales that it would be illegal for a constable to arrest a priaonerin this co'ony for an offence com- mitted in nnother colony, unices tho offence b3 an indictable one, which the one in ques- tion is not." Mrs. Gray, who was committed to gaol for refusing to continue to take caie of the child, was brought before the police magistrats on Tuesday afternoon, and balled out by her husband. The child was left in cbaTge of the police. The only case worth mentioning at the Emerald-hill Police Court yesterday was that of a man named John Mackay, charged with detaining a ring, valued at 23s. He waa ordered to return the property or pay the amount. The Mayor (Mr. Thistlethwaite) and Messrs. Martin and naig were the pre- siding magistrates. The collector of tho Melbourne Home ac- knowledge! the receipt of a donation of £10 to the building fund, from Messrs. L. Steven con and Sons. To cast some ray of light on tho recent utter darkne3S of Ballarat East, the borough council bave entered into arrangements with a number of the publicans in the Main-road and Bridge-street ti lisht the lamps outside their premises until other means aro 'taken for lighting that portion of the borough. Tbo lighting of several other streets in the borough will a'so be provided for in the same way. The'Western Council, Ballarat, has rscom mended that a premium of ¡£50 he offered for the discovery of a quarry of suitable flagging stone, within a radius of ten miles of Bal- larat, or within three milei of any station of the Gc elong or Br'larat Railway. Mr. 'Whitehoro, of Castlemaine, is taking steps ti patent a new railway break, of which the Mount Alexander Mail give3 somo de-crip tion. The inventor propo:c3 to supersede the use of the hithert .> inevitable break van. By simply adding nine or ten inches of 2 x 2 bar iron to a rod already attached to every car- riage, the? engineer is enabled to bring a break into contact with eveiy wheel of a train, each carriage bearing theprlnoipal poition of the strain neceisary to cheek ita ow j momentum. Tbo velooify acquired by a train descending an incline is duo to the freedom with which the wheels revolve on their axles, and any check to that freedom necessarily deprives the carriages of a poi Jon of their momentum in propoition as the friction produced is giea'ter or less. The object of this invention is to creal "j friction on the periphery of every running wheel, so re&ulated; as to be perfectly nnder control. A beer discussion in the Castlemaine Borough Council carno to sudden grief on Tuesday by vh.uo of that salutary provision which prevents councillor voting on ques- tions in which they aro interested. The motion was that the Governor inCouucilba requested to prcalalm Castlemaine a district for the issue of beer licences. When the mover bad concluded his spoech, the mayor pointed to the 130th section of the act pro- viding that councillors taking paiú in any diECUseion in which they are either directly or indirectly pecuniarily interested, subject themselves to a penalty of £30. In this posi- tion threo councillors were placed, and fheir withdrawal left tho council without a quorum. The ironmongers have arranged, aa on pre- vious years, to close theil various establish- ments to-morrow, being Separatiou-day. Ah Shu, one of the Chinamen who havo I been mrested on tho chargo of committing the burglaiy and robbery of opium at tho Cus- tom-house, wn brought up at the City Court yesterday, and remanded for a week. Tho prisoner had been remanded to Melbourne from Smythesdale, and as thero is another Chinaman to be sent from Castlemaine on the same charge, he, when received, w111 be re- manded till the same day, that they may be Irought up together. A tickot-of-loave holder, named Edward Newton, against whom 6omc very suspicious circumstance! were brought forward, was sent back to Pentridge to serve tlio remaining threo yoarj of his tentence. The opeTa of "Li Sonnnmbula" waa pro- duced last night to a well-filled house at tho Hajmarket, ond with the utual ability and completeness which distinguish the efforts of Mr. Lystor's company. The op:ra as performed by this company is so well known to all Mol- bourno playgoers, that it is only necessary to siy that Madame Escott was again nn admirable Amina, and that Mr. Squires did ampio justice to Elvlno. Mr. Whaiton, too, merits prniso for his rendering of tho music of Endolpho. Tho closing performance of tho season of " La Prophûto " will tako placa this evening. "Paul's Return," tho dance by tho Fdoulns, and the farce of "Aldgate Pump," were re- peated at the Theatre Royal la9t evooing, to a moderate house. There was a fair house at the Princess's Theatre last evening. Tho entertainment which Mr. Barlow and his assistants provida for their patrons Is an attractive one. nn 1 tbore appears to be every ropson to b lleve that his brief season at this theatre will ba a successful one. State or Venetia.-Venetia baa been placed In a state of Beige. Warlike prepara- tions are going forward both in Austria and Haly. 