DARING ROBBERY AT GLENHOPE. (From the Kyneton guardian.) On Tuesday, evening last the store of Mr James Andrews, at Glenhope, was robbed under circum- stances of considerable violence. During the course of the day Mr John M'Donald, of Kyneton, had called in at the store, and learning that he was re- turning to Kyneton. Mr Andrews requested him to take charge of £20 he wished carried to a store- keeper in Kyneton with whom Andrews had deal- ings. While receiving the money two men entered, whose appearances Mr M'Donald did not think pre- possessing, and in this belief he quietly stole out of the backpart of the premises, communicating his suspicions to Andrews. The men had some trifling articles and then left, but shortly after nine o clock Andrews was awakened in his sleeping apartment behind the store by a man presenting a double bar- relled gun at him and demanding his money. Andrews, who is a stoutly built and courageous man, started up from his couch and seized his gun, when a fearful struggle ensued, both barrels going off but doing no mischief, the shot going through the wall and roof. The other man of the two who had entered the store then presented a revolver at Andrews, it fortunately did not go off, but the man seized it by the barrel, and beat poor Andrews about the head and body with it, until he was laid on the ground. While there the man with the gun and he with the revolver renewed their savage treat- ment, leaving Andrews for dead. They then plun- dered the store of £3 in silver, two orders granted by Mr Charles Orr, and a quantity of drapery. A portion of the latter has since been found, about half a mile from the store towards Lancefield. The store is situated on the back road to Bendigo. There are a number of settlers there under the Occupation License system. They are entirely without police protection, the nearest station being many miles off. It was fortunate for poor Andrews that he had sent off the money by Mr M'Donald. The man who first assaulted Mr Andrews is described as being five feet eight inches in height, of dark complexion, . had a beard and moustache, of several weeks' growth, and was about thirty years of age. The other man was about five feet six or seven inches in height, of slight build, fair complexion, red whiskers and moustache, and was also about thirty years of age." Serious Accident.— On Saturday last, as an old resident named Thomas Tomkin of Spring Gully was returning from the bush with a friend, he met with a very severe accident. The horse he was driving being rather spirited at tempted to run with its load down, hill when the unfortunate man in trying to stop its progress fell down, the wheel of the dray passed over his arm near the elbow and grazed his ribs. Dr. Mackay was soon in, attendance and on ex- amination ascertained that the sufferer's arm was fractured and the body much contused. Impudent Robbery. — On Friday a. man in digger's garb went into the Wlieatsheaf Hotel, Golden- Square, (Bendigo,) and ', called forr a. pint of colonial, and while drinking it, the per- son in cflarge or tne oar navmg occasion i leave for a few seconds," he 'succeeded in' stealing the ..cash-box containing £15 and some cheques. ' . .. Suicide.— A man-named ; George Sands has been found drowned in the Emu Creek, and there is every reason to.believe. tkat.he had com mitted suicide.. X 1 M vi \ Laying a Ghost. — On Saturday, during the preparation for exhibiting : Professor -Pepper's Ghost, at the Lyceum Theatre, Sandhurst-, the1 gas which is used in producing the illusion, by some means exploded with a heavy report. - The audience were considerably alamed for. a time.; Fortunately tbe assistants, though knocked over by the concussion, were not- injured, and the damage done was inconsiderable. ; . ; . ; ' Common Schools' Regulations. — The last number of the Government Gazette contains a code of regulations for the management of Com mon Schools inyictoria. The " code "istoobulky for republication in our olumhs/ but we shall take an early opportunity ' of explaining 1 the force and bearingof the long, expected regula tions. Colonial Authorship-— We see by the Gee- long Chrohicle that " the, Pivot," in hddi tion to the water poet, Mr Stitt Jenkins, , is happy ? in, the possession of a prose writer, in Mrs &eorge; Milnes, who is about) to; bring out' a work entitled, "The Emigrant - Bride, .or, the Secret Chain of Mercy.". , ; . . - - The, Blue Mountains. — Our Newbury cor respondent writes (6th February, 1864) :— This locality has. been, visited- during the week by several parties; with a view to investing in the numerous reefs, which lie all round. Messrs Parrellj SteVens, Spernon and Teague inspected; a quartz claim taken up by a man named John Service, .and werh highly pleased with the pros pect. Mr McGill, from Ballarat, has made ap plication for a large quantity of alluvial ground, to work which he purposes to form a company. H jsf the ibpinion of practical miners who have visited this place that the reefs are all payable, and, the want of machinery is a serious drawback. ; .The only crushing mill here is now owned by the Alma Company , and is fully employed crushing for that reef, so that prospectors of other reefs cannot get their stone tested. Floriculture. — The lovers of floriculture have now an opportunity of seeing a very fine specimen of Sturt's desert pea in full bloom, in the Faraday gardens,. Golden Point. The green-house also con tains the. r Hydrangea (Ortensis) which would make an excellent copy for the workers in wax flowers. The former' difficulty of reaching these gardens is now removed by the road to them having been repaired. We believe it is the intention of Mr Hopper to pre- sent a choice selection of plants to the Chewton Bazaar, which will shortly come off. While speak- ing of this event we are glad that many in different parts of the district have expressed their intention of contributing, amongst others, Mrs Gravier of Campbell's Creek, who has always taken much in- terest in these charity fairs. 