WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. (COMMUNICATED.) TUESDAY, JANUARY 26. After the usual devotional exercises, which were conducted by the Revs. W. Quick and W. L. Banks, the minutes of the previous day were read and confirmed. DIVISION OF CIRCUITS. Various circuits had requested, through their quarterly meetings, that the conference would cause them to be divided, for the greater con- venience of the parties concerned. In several instances those requests had met with the approval of the district meetings, and recom- mended by them to the conference. Those recommendations were carefully considered, and in most cases adopted. Several other places were entered on the minutes to which ministers are to be ap- pointed if possible. The afternoon was occupied by the Sta- tioning Committee. PRESIDENT'S OFFICIAL SERMON. Tuesday evening was the time appointed for the usual official sermon, preached by the president before the conference. At half-past seven o'clock a large congregation assembled in Wesley Church. The president, the Rev. J. Buller, conducted the whole service, and preached an able and effective sermon, taking for his text, Col. i., 28, "Whom we preach, warning every man and touching every man in all wisdom, that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus." At the close of the pubic service the sacra- ment of the Lord's Supper was administered to the assembled ministers, and several of the members of the churches. WEDNESDAY, JAN. 27. One of the days during which the con- ference sits is always devoted to a review of the state of the various funds of the connexlon, and of the operations of the Missionary Com- mittee which meets in Sydney, as occasion may require, through the year. On this day several laymen are associated as members of the Missionary and Connexional Committee. There were present on Wednesday—the Hon. A. Fraser, M.L.C. S. Finley, S. G. King, J. A. Coane, and Dr. Cutts; and these gentle- men, as usual, took an active and prominent part in the proceedings of the day, CHILDREN'S FUND. The Rev. W. Quick, one of the treasurers of this fund, read a financial statement, showing the receipts and disbursements of the fund for the past year. The accounts presented having been audited, were received and adopted by the committee ; and the thanks of the meeting were presented to the treasurers, Mr. Samuel Horton and the Rev. W. Quick, and they were reappointed for the ensuing year. EDUCATION FUND. The balance-sheet of this fund was sub- mitted by the Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, and a statement of the amounts invested by the treasurers. The current account was audited by Messrs. Fraser and King, and adopted by the committee. The general account was examined ; and, on the motion of the trea- surer, Messrs. Padman and Ballantyne, of South Australia, were appointed to audit the account and to examine the securities. The treasurers. Mr. John Colton and tho Rev. J. B. Waterhouse, received the thanks of the committee, and they were re- appointed to the office for the ensuing year. FUND FOB SUPERNUMERARIES' AND MINISTERS' WIDOWS. The balance-sheet of this fund was read and passed. It was found that the fund was in a very satisfactory condition. Each dis- trict was required to pay, through the chair- man, its full quota to this fund every year. A long and animated discussion arose on several subjects connected with this fund. Votes of thanks were passed to the treasurers, the Hon. A. Fraser, M.L C., and the Rev. D. J. Draper ; and the auditors, Messrs. J. Whitney and J. Copeland; and the treasurers and auditors were appointed for another year, with instructions to examine carefully all securities for money loaned. MISSIONS. The minutes of the executive committee in Sydney were read and adopted. The balance-sheet was submitted, showing an increase in the contributions to this fund from several districts, especially in the Friendly Islands and Fiji. It was felt that great inconvenience had arisen from the delays in various circuits in holding the missionary anniversaries, and it was directed that the various districts make arrangements to remedy the evil. It was agreed that, with a view of increasing the interest of our people in the colonies in the missions, a native assistant missionary be brought up from the islands, as soon as possible, to attend our missionary meetings. The accounts of the year 1863 wore passed ; and the thanks of the committee wore voted to the Hon. Geo. Allen, M L.A., and the Rev. S. Babone, the treasurers, for their valuable services during the past year, The estimates for the year 1864 were then carefully considered and voted. The Rev. J. A. Manton was appointed clerical treasurer, in the place of the Rev. S. Babone, who has been appointed general sec- retary. Votes of thanks were presentdd to the exe- cutive committee in Sydney for their services during the year, and to the parent committee in London, for their kind and prompt atten- tion to the affairs of the society, and for the vote of the deficit of 1863. The meeting was adjourned till Tuesday next. THDBSDAY, JAN., 28. After the usual devotional exorcises, the calling of the roll, and the reading of the minutes, tho conference proceeded to busi- ness. PRESIDENT'S OFFICIAL SERMON. It was moved by the Rev. W. A. Quick, and carried moBt cordially and unanimously: " That the thanks of this conference aro due, and aro hereby presonted, to our respected president for bis official sermon, preached on Tuesday evening lost. This conference re- cords its Eonso of the value of that sermon as a lucid exposition and powerful application of Divino truth, and respectfully requests that the president will furnish tho discourso to the editor of tho Wesleyan Chronicle, for publi- cation." STATIONS OF MINISTBItS. The remainder of the day; was chiefly occu- pied by a careful consideration of the appoint- ments of the ministers of tho connexion for the next year. "The second reading" was not completed when the session broke up. ORDINATION SERVICE. One of the most interesting and popular services connected with the conference is the ordination Service. This year the service was held in the Brunswick- Street church, Fitzroy. Five young ministers were ordained—viz., Edward Benson Burns, Edwin Iredale Watkin. Robert Leslie Vickers, Andrew Inglis, and Francis Ewen Stephenson. The large church was crowded in every part. The president of the conference proposed the usual questions to the candidates for ordination, to which they gave satisfactory replies, and three of them gave an account of their conversion to God, and their call to the Christian ministry. They were there solemnly ordained to the work and office of the Christian ministry, by the imposition of hands. The president and leading ministers of the conference " laying" their hands upon the head of each candidate, the president repeating the words " Mayest thou receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a Christian minister and pastor, now committed unto thee by the im- position of our hands, and be thou a dispenser of the Word of God, and of His holy sacra- ments, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." A copy of the Holy Scriptures waa then presented to each of the newly-ordained ministers, the president saying to each,—" Take thou authority to preach the Word of God, and to administer the holy sacraments in the congregation." After the sacrament of the Lord's Supper had been administered by the president, the ex-president delivered the usual charge, and the secretary of conference con- cluded a most interesting service by an ap- propriate prayer. 