TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS.) SYDNEY. October 28. THE Assembly have decided that the charge against Mr. A. T. Holroyd, the Minister for Works, has not been substantiated. The want of confidence debate has been re- sumed. Harris, the man convicted of murder at Wagga Wagga, has been sentenced to death. An injunction has been granted to prevent Mr. Hickey proceeding against the Queensland Investment Company. Flour is steady. NEW ZEALAND. News has been received from Auckland to the 11th instant. The governor has summoned the General Assembly. A further outbreak at Waikato is expected. The escaped rebels are committing great out- rages. MELBOURNE. The flour market remains unchanged. Rice has depressed in price, three cargoes having arrived this day. The government land near the Railway Station, at Bateman's Hill has been sold at the rate of eighteen guineas per foot. The Juan Rattray has brought eighteen hun- dred barrels of flour. ADELAIDE. The government, it is stated, have petitioned the Imperial authorities to despatch some troops for the protection of Northern Australia. Flour is quoted at £23 per ton. WE are informed that a number of gentlemen interested in aquatics are exerting them-selves to get up a regatta at Cleveland, to take place shortly after the Anniversary Regatta at Brisbane. A good working committee has been appointed, and from what we are led to believe there will be some very good racing. The programme has not yet been issued, but it will chiefly comprise sailing races. That the expanse of water lying between Cleveland Point and Stradbroke and Peel Islands is admirably adapted for such purposes there can be no question. We trust, therefore, the committee, profiting by the expérience of last year, will make their arrangements so com- plete that there will be no risk of this regatta becoming such a failure as that of last year. WE had occasion, in our issue of Wednesday last, to congratulate the stewards appointed for the Ipswich Christmas races of 1861, upon the successful arrangements made by them to en- sure two days' excellent sport. Whilst endors- ing the favorable opinion expressed by us on the occasion referred to, we would suggest to the stewards the propriety of making a slight alteration in rule five, by which an opportunity could be afforded to the winner of the Maiden Plate of contesting the Southern and Western Railway Grand Handicap. We are aware of the fact that experience has shown the wisdom of adopting a rule by which the owner of a good horse could be prevented from winning the whole of the large stakes, and thereby spoiling sport ; but in handicaps it is very easy to avoid such an undesirable consummation. We there- fore think that an exception might be made in favor of the Railway Handicap, so that the winner of the Maiden Plate might be allowed to run, under a penalty, say of three lbs., or even five lbs., although, when it is remembered that the Handicap ¡mmediately follows the Maiden Plate, and the winner of the last-named race will have run at least two heats before starting against fresh horses, it would certainly not be glaringly unfair to let him carry only the weight at which he had been handicapped. We have little doubt, from the knowledge of sporting matters the stewards are known to possess, but that our suggestion will, at all events, commend itself to their consideration. THE Campbell Minstrels' entertainment last evening, at the School of Arts, was very well attended. It was for tho benefit of Messrs. Sandford and Bent, and the largo number of ladies nnd gentlemen who were present was an ovidenco of the estimation in which tlio bene ßeiares uro hold by the Brisbane public. The first part of tlio programme comprised a selec- tion of songs admirably chosen, as tending to dis- play to tile utmost tlio talent possessed by the various members of the company. Mr. Braham was in oxcollent voice, and rendered oxqui sitcly some beautiful ballads, in which he was mest vociferously cueoro.1. Mr. Bent's comic pieces received an equal meed of admiration, and tho well-known "Anvil Chorus" from II Troratore, concluded the first part. The prin- cipal fern ure of the second part was tlio dancing of Messrs. Sandford and Bent, in which the ¡utter gentleman proved himself to be ns good a dancer us ho is mi uctor. The personification of a bashful flautee} by Mr. Sandford, in the Druin Polka, completely "brought down the house," and au encore was demanded. Tho Grand Challenge Dance,-Messrs. Sandford mid Bent iijjuiu-wii3 received in a similar manner, and it inu-t be' seen to be appreciated. The entertainment concluded willi "Slim Jim," and certainly it was never played to better nd vantage. The " ball went on" most jojously amid roars of laughter from the audience, which continued until tlio piece was conclu led, when Mr. Bent, after returning thanks for the lirgo attendance, announced (hut on Mondiy cvonin¿ tho performance would be for the benefit of Messrs. Howson ami Templeton. Wi: are informed that "Balline, the Flying Man," and Herr Ctishln, accompanied by his troupe, ¡nive embarked on board tlio City of Brisbane, s., now on lier woy from Sydney. Herr Cusida also brings up tile apparatus necessary, for the exhibition of that curious optical illusion known as the " Ghost." Wu havo received copies of the regulations issued by the commissioners of the New Zealand Exhibition of IS '3. It is to be opened on tho 3rd Junuury, and all goo Is intended for exhibi- tion must bo sent in before tho 12th December next, except in cases of weighty machinery or oilier heavy objects requiring " foundations or special construction»," which must bo sent before November 21»t. A circular has also been published by Mcs-rs Driver, Maclean, and Co., of Dunedin! stating tlint they have ma le nrrnngeincnts to hold an Intercolonial Live «¡took Show dunn? the first week of tlio exhibi- tion. at which nwùT-ds will be given to superior -peeimens of ull classes of stock and poultry, l'or tliose of our citizen« who muy wish to for- ward specimens' of Queensland's pro ludions, wo may mention any information as to tho necessary stop« to bli taken may bo obtained from Messrs. Ù, Rall' aud Co. Ar the Central Pinico (W--""ï>-» «¡» drunken cases ¿tjjj«* * 'bree men who had been r2 "^ °<*, ft, p^eduguiust .i,,;;rsT*i-5 tonber.stealiug.wereu.uuibif^M «thout hearing any further ev£ ","' "*"? .ilug.str.ite dismissed ,!," ca ^.''^K remnrko 1 that the nronn. S Mt^\ «^-'.ouidhavepuS;:::; :h H » omi action against the lnell. '° '!arc>6t should not have been broug;;tnt^A5J -urt at all. Poor consta, fe !"P* were arrested us felon,, und^"^ .ayandanighti"th,l0ck PaledloP^ Ax unfortunate spéculation by c u. , is thus described by the ^¿T ^ -..WeunderstandthutMr.zi:^' of tins town) seeing a desirable pitna! unappropriated, considering that ti li °! 'be Almighty were not ¡"¿ '* glecte.11, the earth and ft. fulness tlier«/! !' ,h01n,r;t'"f of-n*oonclud2?fflT¡ .ipproprmte the same' us well as nuv "7 g and did so necordinglv. ¿z* ?M' erected a good sub^ntiul fence" ttn(lV things much more pleas mt to the gaJ¡* and his own in purticlur, «as "ailcj on '/" inspector of police, with unorder ,othel «hal as h« had erected a fence ronnel .I: pertyfor Ins own pleasure, he » auld PU allow it to remain for .he pleasure or,l,eg;vc meut! feo vanishes a dream of sudden ^ truly man was mude to mourn-ocoa,ional over lim own folly." ' THE Zb0".00,nja iMiY«W«of Thundijft. rerersto the prospects of the Dnrlin» Don,, farmers:-'! Wo are much gratified °¡" befo. able to state that a change lins taken ph« ,¡ the appearance of the fields and garden,-,»,, long-wished for and often-promised raiu hasu rived, nnd sufficient 1ms fallen to penetrate tin earth to the full depth at «hieli land has bee. broken up. The wheat, which it was general!, feared would prove a profitless crop, stuuU-d i] the stalk and corre-poiidently deficient in grain presents a beautifully green appearance, read« ing glad the hearts of its owners, mid girin| promise-if tho season continues favoraWe-o a bountiful harvest. The prodtico of the ¡sr dons, which a few dujs since bore asomewta stunted mid sickly aspect, lins assumed the fu! vigor which nature usually supplies to th vegetable kingdom at this season of the vesj Apples and peaches-for the limited area' d¡ voted to then' growth-gh e promis* of Wini very abundant, and if only one-half tho frai which is now just formed continues on the tret till it arrives at maturity, the burden «ill bea: tho brunches to the ground j and in many ii stances, if not well propped or relieve 1 of part of their load, will break down under tt burden with which they are loaded." COOLISO DniXKS.-Messrs. W. k I) BrooVi aro now exhibiting, nt their stores,in Klbabeil street, a patent apparatus for the instant inani facture of Seltzer Wuter. It. is very simp' yet ut the some timo sufficiently elegant to w runt a place on the dinner-table, or toiletta It cannot get out of order, cannot pos- ibly plodo, mid has internai réceptacles ciwiring boverngo puro and clear. The very ni weather now dru« ing on » ill make all per- nal urally desirous to huí o'a cool drink - command ; to invalids this power often ; to prolongation of life-ADV per-onl crer if araountl 