THE ANGUCAN BISHOP AND GENERAL EDUCATION. ONTuesdayeveninga public meeting of mem hers of the Church of England was held in St. John's schoolroom, 'to consider to what ex tent the Lord Bishop of the diocese, in op posing the system of General Education, as established bylaw, represents the opinions of the great body of the church in Queens land; and for consideration of other busi Deis affecting the welfare of the church.' There were about seventy persona present, amongst wham we noticed the boa, R. G. W. Herbert, the bon. Colonel O'GonnelL the bon. J.Bramston, Mr.John Douglas, MX.A. Mr. S. B. Mackenzie, M.LA, Mr. W. Thornton, W.P.M.. Mr. H. Massey. P.M. Mr. T. L M. Prior, Mr. H. Bnckley, Mr. L. A. Bernays. The belt temper characterised the pro ceedings. Shortly after 8 o'clock a storm broke over the city and the crashing of the thunder, formed at times an overflowing accompaniment to the oratory of the speakers. On the motion of Mr. W. Belb&idoe;, Mr. Heitbt Bcckxct was voted to the flhair. Having rend the requisition conven ing the meeting, lie thanked them for eaU ingnpanhlm^ooooopytlwfMtsition of chair man. . He had at first thought that he should only present himself to the meeting, in accordance with the requisition, open the proceedings, and then leave them to elect their own chairman ; bntfrom the represen tations made by several friends, he now thought that, as a trustee, be should occupy the chair ; and as he shonld not be in any ?way compromised by anything that took place (hear, hear), his occupying the chair ?would ]weclude any idea of partisanship on %is part. At tlie same time, lie might state ?that the objects for which they had been \- -convened would preclude him from taking any part, or identifying himself in the dis ' 'cnssion that might eusae. Tuey were aware i «nf the position he occupied as a member of |*he Board of General Education. It would ?gsbad taste, and unbecoming, and he should ?^?prejudicing his colleagues if he took any ^Ktin the discussion. His duty was to ^^fctt to the meeting every resolution that f^Hfe^6 brought before them, and to give nj^^Bgnon as to its being adopted or other w^^BSPithont any other comment be would ca^^Hfiithe mover of the firet resolution to -?___?* tiie meeting. (Applause.) (M^HL K. B. Mackenzie. MI.A, pre seatin^^nnseir on the platfonn to more the fir^Bapintion, Ilr. '^HfooTE rose and said it was cer tainly ^Btvery great reluctance that he ?nterfereoflH) prevent his honorable friend taking airMhrt in the proceedings at the present staH|of the meeting; but he had simply toaM How it was, when a meeting ?ofthemenMu of the Chuich of England ?was convenjH to decide on certain questions, that those Wiestions were not laid on the table beforffikhem? They had had no op portunity oil considering thuse qnestions fiefore being tailed upon to discuss and de cade them. (Cheers.) Tlie Chaibmast said the requisition left him no alternative. Mr. Coote requested that the first resolu tion should be read. (Hear, hear.) The Chatomax read the resolution, as follows :— ' That the administration, by the present board, of the system of genera! education established by law. meets with the cordial approval of this meeting ; inas much as the regulations of the board, with out infringing upon the main principles of the National System, or fostering sectarian differences, satisfy, all the reasonable re '«inin-men£&.oT the .Church oT England as a religious denomination.' Mr. SIackeszib then moved the resolution as just read. The objects of the meeting wen perfectly well known to gentlemen present. (Hear, hear-). The first resolution was simply to affirm whether or not the Church of England as a body were in favor ?of— ob it had been stated by his Lordship, the Bishop of the diocese, that they were ?opposed to — the present system of educa tion. The first resolution was rather prefa tory, and he could not speak to it withent touching on die resolution which would sac ?ceed ; the meeting would observe that there were two questions involved. But before ?entering on the subject, be would observe that a great deal had been said about insult ?to the Bishop in calling the meeting — it was objected that it was disrespectful to him, and that they had no right to call it. ?(??Tea. yes;' 'No, no.') He distinctly denied that be had any sndi intuition to wards the Bishop. But he thought he had a right to dissent from the statements which had been made by the Bishop (hear, hear), and fee hoped he conld do s» with perfect good feeling. (Applause.) Unfortunately, when any meeting was held, and any act of their venerable diocesan was questioned, their action was set down as sacrilegious, And the promoters of the meeting were said ?to be personally hostile to him. He denied 4hat any personal feeling had been allowed ito influence them, or that anything ex ipressed by them could in the most distant -way be looked upon as abusive. As there ?were strangers in the room, a few words -on the history of the snhject of dispute ?might not be inappropriate. As soon. as -the. Act for the Abolition of State-aid. to Beligion bad been passed, as a conse quence the legislature wished to pass an Education Act. The Education Bill had been very carefully drawn np. and, at first, it was intended to be, and had the title of the ** Queensland Primary Education Act.' The legislature desired to strike out a new course for this colony, and had commenced cfeiuoe. It had been stated by his Lmrd chip at several meetings that bad taken place, that the members of his church were afainBt the Education Act from the very (Erst, and were still so. How did the case ^ stand f When the act passed there were present in the Assembly; eighteen members of the Church' of England; and, in the Council, fourteen. Although two divisions took place, upno the second — when the majority, of course, were in favor of it — ten members of the Church of England were found voting for the bill. The bill 'went through committee, and probably in passing through, the scruples of those gentlemen were removed, for, on the third reading, there were thirteen out of eighteen members of the Church of England who voted for it With regard tothe National .system of Education if his recollection served bias, there was nothing aaid about it when the original bill was brought forward: it was anbtequendy that some honorable member moved that edneation should be conducted according to the National sytem of New South Wales. That, was moved as an amendment, and passed without a division. The act was accepted bv the country at pnpe; and not only that, but nine-tenthj of 'the members baa been returned on the edo «atinn question. If representation was worth anything, the Church of England had been represented largely 'on (be passing uf that act. The system . under it was established and getting an very well— everything going an smoothly— until the arrival of the two prelates, the Bishop of Brisbane and dm Boman Cawolia Bishop (A. Voice; -Of Qaeenslaiic'). who endeavored to do away with the system. The first thing done was for tbeir Bishop to get tfu, late lamented Treasurer, who was 'not si (toffSlF. !« *»TPr oT the met. to present a-1pJetioon..xo.,lhe Houae. .Xhat led to «*he appointment of a .select committee to Sinqnire fnto the working; of tbe act under tl«B««ra. and it resulted in nothing. Mr. Mofiatt, woo had acted as spokesman, disclaimed. any desire to re-establish the Denominational System of Education as i existed in New death Wales. Sis lord ship himself, in a letter addressed to him (Mr. MMkencJej, whioL latter hadappearad in the papers and also before the committee, distinctly denied any intention of that sort. Now he had authority for saying — and from Mr. Moffatt himself— that, after some farther communication, after a few years, he found that he had been mistaken in his lordship. Many petitions against the system of general education had been presented and laid on the table; but the (act of no notice having been tiken oT them confirmed him in the assertion he had made that those members of parliament who belonged to the Church of England, were not favor able to the present system of edneation. (Hear, hear.) During the last session of parliament, bis Lordship Bishop Tnfnell and the Bishop of the Church of Borne, made a tour through the country together, and agitated against the act Many petitions from meetings got np by them had been presented to parliament, laid upon the table, and some printed, others not ; bnt it was a fact that no further notice was taken of them ; and, indeed, some of the members who presented them had said that they did not agree with their prayer which was another proof uf what be had stated. (Cries of dissent laughter, confusion, and applause.) He wished to avoid, in wbat he said, anything that might be taken as dis respectful either to his Lordship the Bishop of Brisbane, or to th« Bishop of the Church of Borne. (Hear, hear.) But he did say that that* pmteot in that meeting, as mem bers of the Church of England, had a right to meet and express their opinions of dissent from liis Lordship. He might nay that those very concessions -which bis Lordship bad laid most stress upon had been made by the Board of General Education. The resolu tion asked the meeting to agree with those concessions. Hedidnotqnite g* so far. hot he did so to save trouble. The first conces sion was that the board should grant as sistance to non-vested schools established under the New Sooth Wales government. In that colony the non-vested schools were supported to a great extent for the purpose of checking the Denominational System. The members of die Church of England had repeated proof that hii lordship had said that be would be satisfied with the other concessions that had been made. When he was chairman of the board he had repeated communications with his lordship; and as he had said in his place in the Assembly, his lordship wonld not be satisfied nntil he cot the Denominational System established. Why did the agitation continue? For fonr years had their lordships been keeping np an unceasing agitation. Those apostles of peace had pnt the country into a perfect turmoil. (Laughter.) Wnuld any one deny that the two Bishops had created a great deal of ill-feeling, from bis Excellency the Governor downwards ? And here he might remark that his Excellency had been im properly dragged into it — (Voices : ?? How so r and ' No, no ')— be wonld not refer to his Excellency only that lib name bad been brought np. (Confusion.) Snmor had it that one of their lordships had waited on the Governor, and asked him to interfere in the education question ; and his Excellency had very properly refused. Confusion.) The right-hand nan of the Bishop bad told him (Mr. Mackenzie; that he bad actually written to the Secretary of State, not praying that bis Excellency should le recalled, but that when his time was up be should not be continued in bis office, and that a man of more liberal opinions shonld be appointed in his stead. (Langbter and cheers). In confirmation of that, a day or two afterwards they saw a leading article in one of the journals — Mr. Coote: What is ynur authority for that statement? (Laughter.) Mr. Mackenzie : Which statement ? Mr. Coote: That one of the Bishops sent a letter to his Excellency. Mr. Mackeksib: He bad heard so. With respect to the other statement, it had been made to himself. He would mention who bad told Mm if pressed to do so. Mr. Cojte: Ho; I will take your word for it. Mr. Mackeszdc: Now, he merely said that a public statement was made in a news paper that his Excellency's term was abont to expire, and the colonists were called upon to stir themselves. He did not refer to what epithets were used; but it was singular that his Excellency shonld be called in qnes tion for doing that for which be should be praised. Whatever might be bis Exc1 Iency's shortcomings in other respects (Istnghter) in this respect — Colonel O'Consell thought it wonld be much better if they were tu follow the par liamentary rule and not bring bis Excel lency's name into question. (Applanse.) Mr. Mackenzie would not have mentioned his Excellency's name had it not been brought np. very improperly, he thought, in connection with this question, in a newspa per— (Colonel O'Cokiiell : ' They had no thing to do with that')— at the same time that a letter was written home to the Secre tary of State for the colonies to send ont a more liberal man. Mr. Coote : They knew nothing of the Governor of this colony except as a member of the Chnrch of England. (Hear, hear.) He knew nothing of him but as a Church of England man. (Applanse.) Mr. Mackenzie was not saying anything of his Excellency personally, only that when the question of liberality was brought under consideration — and they were accused of illiberality, and republicanism, and what not in calling the meeting— it would be rVell to look at the conduct of thuse who nude the charge : he could not see wbat consistency there was in their actions and in their words. (Applause.) As regarded the rise and progress of the system of general education, he conscientiously believed it was the best that could be adopted for this country. He was determined to stand by it to the last (Applause.) He objected to his Lordship improperly using his name, or the name of anybody, tor the purpose of sup porting him ; and be did so with the most perfect respect (Applause.) Mr. W. Tbobmtok seconded the motion. Mr. DtCEXNS wished to ask a question. Mr. Mackenzie had said, -'We.' (A laugh.) Now, lie wanted to know who ' We ™ were ? (Renewed langhter.) Was it Mr. Bernsya, who wanted to be head of the chnrch, or who was it? (Langbter.) Colonel O'Comreii thought there were many gentlemen present who had come without being in the slightest degree aware, beyond their perusal of the requisition, of the business which was likely to be brought before the meeting. He thought the reso lution was a cleverly worded one indeed — ('Hear, bear,' and a Voice: ?? Very fine.') — because, in same points, it was difficult to disagree with it He confessed that he bad never in (be coarse of his lib risen ta address a public meeting, or any assembly under the feelings of pain and humiliation he felt It asked &em; to agree with the administra tion of the present board, 'inasmuch as the regulations of the board, without infringing upon the main principles of the Nations] system, or fostering; sectarian differences, satisfy all their reasonable requirements of the Cborcb of England as a religious de nomination.' Now be presumed be was addresaing an assembly of the members of the Chnrch of England ; and be .would ask them whether they were prepared to endorse the latter portion of this resolution. (Cries of 'No. no,' and*1 Yes. yea.') It was evi dently a question upon which a difference of opinion misted among them; and lie hoped tbey would approach that difference in a £ooa temper, . without infring ing ; open that Christian charity which ought to exist among them. (Hear, bear.) When be bad to differ with many gentlemen who were bis daily asso oatas in the evoryaay bmrineas of life, and tor whose character, except as members of the Church of England— ('Oh')— be bad the bigbest respect be was pained. It was ?painful for him to differ with bis friends mad acquaintances, and the only point of difference being that they were not asaem Ued as friends «fthatchnnh in which they, were in 'communion. (Hear, bear.) And he bad ?ftdiag of deep faamOiatioii that the church of which he was a member shouli present to this city tha spectacle of disunion and diacord which they that night afforded for the entertainment of those only who were the enemies and opponents of that church. ('dear, hear.') This was his view of the question, and he thought that the re sponsibility was great npon those who had imagined and those who had brought abont theorists. He was sorry thattheyshonld have dragged the members of the church through this sea of squabble and scandal. But he dnnbted not the end would be the good of the church, at the same time that they must all feel that the turmoil was one that they had to thank those for. (Applause.) The peace of the church ought to have been left alone without any question. What was the question attempted to be raised? It was this, — Did the Bishop of Brisbane represent the feeling of the laity of the Church of England when endeavouring to procure for the poor members of their communion in structions in that religion whose tenets and whose doctrines their forefathers had held sacred? (Applanse.) He hoped they would all agree with him that that at any rate was not a crime in the Bishop. He had said the poor mem bers of their communion, because it must be supposed that those only would Beek to ob tain assistance from the State in aid ol pri mary education. He knew that at the pre sent moment many were seeking to obtain advantage from the primarr education of the country as it existed; but in its ori ginal institution, it was only meant to pro vide the edneation of Die children of those who had not the means of providing for the full edneation of their children. That seemed to him to be the main ques tion which the meeting bad to decide. And suppose they decided that question in the negative— suppose that they decided that the Bishop of Brisbane did not represent the feelings of the laity cf the Church or England in Queensland when attempting to procure a religious education for the poor of his communion — what must be the infer ence ? That that assembly of the educated members of the Church of England— he saw few present who would themselves avail of the primary education system— were guilty of the solecism of professing tenets and doc trines which tuey yet believed not to be for the benefit of the poor members of the chnrch, should they continue to be in force. (No, no.) He saw no escape from the di lemma. If they believed Out the Bishop was acting contrary to their opinions, what could be inferred but that when they ex pressed every Sunday tbeir btlief in the 'holy Catholic Chnrch,' they, at the same time, did not believe that the teaching of the doctrine and tenets of that church were of importance to those whom they were here after to teach? ('No.no.') He wonld also take some objection to the form in which the meeting had been convened, and the time at which it had beun held. It seemed to him that there had been some attempt, some desire to substitute for the legal bead of the church — the Bishop— some other church au thorities whose co-operation would give a certain degree of validity and legal force to the decision at which the meeting might arrive. (Laughter.) Whatever might be that decision, he held that it could only be of value as the opinion of the individuals who composed the meeting. ('Hear, hear, from Mr. Hebbebt.) He thought, looking at the terms of the requisition, and at all the antecedents— at the newspaper ar ticles — (Oh. oh !) — for the last two or three months — [Oh. ohl)— he was glad they denied them— (hear, hear) — for they had. he assured the meeting, created very great disgust and very great sor* row, and he had feared that the mem bers of the church of England had been over ready to appear somewhat in the position desired by their detractors. Look ing at the connection of the newspaper agitation and the meeting, it could not be bnt a direct and personal attack on their Bishop, on Hie head of the chnrch. (No.no and Yes, yes.) Here was an interest to impugn bis motives and deny his state tent He did not forget that his friend who had preceded him had for himself expressly denied any participation in such feelings. (' Hear, hear,' from Mr. Mackenzie) ; — he gave him full credit for his denial, and he quite believed that he had entered into this movement on principle, and not in opposi tion to the head of the church. (Hear.) Bat whatever the aspect of the question in his eyes, the meeting must be in the eyes of the public a direct attack on the head of the Chnrch of England. Nothing could weaken the position of the prelate more than any public expression of disapproval or bis conduct as the head of his flock. Could any one conceive anything more unpleasant or more degrading than a public expression of the members of the Church of England— such members as he saw before aim — deprecating the course the bishop had pursued? (Hear, hear.) If such a step Lad to be taken it would have been more in accordance with die manliness, with the love of fair play which was popu larly said, and he believed jnstly said, to animate the breast of every Englishman, that tlie meeting should be held, in the chief city of the diocese, when the bishop himself was present (Great applanse and cheers.) This was a sentiment that might be smiled at that might be brought over fine ; bnt it was one that Englishmen always clove to— they believed that when they attacked a man they onght at least to give him fair means of defence. (Great cheer ing.) This ought to weigh well with the meeting before tbey came to any decision which might be derogatory to the head of the church in this colony. (Hear, hear.) So far as he could understand it there had been two objections taken to the conduce of the Buhop in reference ito the education question. One was that he had acted in open and avowed concert with the Bishop of the Church of Borne. (Hear, hear.) The other was that be had adopted the mode of appealing to the people for their opinions by publie meeting. Was it a crime that a Bishop of the Church of England should find a principle in the school government of the church, upon which' he could be in accord with a Bisbopof the Church of Borne? Was it a crime that, having found such a principle, he should use the aid that the principle gave in the advancement of his objects? Had they not heard of prelates of the Church of England and the Chnrch of Borne sitting together as members of the Board of Na tional Education at home? (A Voick: 'Why not?') He bad no sympathy with the objections taken by some persons to the course the Bishop had pursued. If it ware the object of the National System to obliterate all sectarian differences, he conld not understand why they stumbled at the first step of their Bnmop because ha had set them an example of toleration. (Cheer*.) He might respect their prejudices, but be certainly conld not admire their consistency. It might be that there, wen persons present who had been brought op nnder more sec-' tarian influences than himself, who bad felt this onion as a fault on the part of the Bishop; but he had no snoh feeling. If it were the object of a system of general edu cation to obliterate all sectarian differences, he -could not understand how the Chnrch oonld-find fault with the Bishop for setting an example in a matter ?which was owned to be bo desirable. (Applause.) With respect tothe Bishop holujng public meetings for the purpose of getting an expression of pnb Ucx-pfnion upon the question of edneation, he conld not see that there was any cause for nproaehing him. We lived in a free country; onr laws were not like those of the Medes and Persians, which could not be altered: and it was in .the power of any man toeommenn an agitation, jjf he. saw reason fbrdoingEu. ;.f Applause.) 'Tbat was aright we all held dear. Why, &en;, find tolt with his iordjhlpHbecsuse, after four years agita tion, he appealed to she {wople. (Cheers.) flewasdenroos of obtaining from the meet ing, if ft were possible, an' expression of opinion, not thatthe Bishop had done wrong in attempting to obtain qUitou education ??'?(?? * for the poor of the communion, but that be Had done that which vis in accordance with the sentiments of the ricbt thidkingmen of the Church of England.* (Applause.) He was prepared to move an amendment on the resolution (great cheering) : it had not been drawn up by himself, bat it was ope with which he thoroughly agre-d. It was as follows:— 'That tbis meeting of ihe members Of the Church df England; sym pathising, as it does, with the views of the Bishop of Brisbane on the question of non vested schools, and failing to recognise in his pnblicly expressed opinions on the edu cation question any hostility to the system of general education as established by law, deprecates the wording of the requisition by virtue of which this meeting has been sum moned : and though fully recognising the necessity for organising a system of self government in accordance with the doc trines and discipline of the Church of Eng land, declines at present to entertain resolu tions which have not been made public, and which hare not, therefore, received the deliberate consideration of those here assem bled.' The honorable gentleman was warmly applauded throughout, and at the close of his telling speech, Mr. B. Mackenzie Shaw rose, with great pleasure, to second the amendment (Ap plause.) He said that there wa4 no doubt bnt that the object of the meeting was to discuss the merits of the two systems of education — the National and the Denomina tional. They had heard from the gentleman who introduced the resolution under what circumstances the National System of Edu cation had been adopted by the parliament — how the matter had been discussed from the commencement That gentleman, how ever, had forgotten to tell the meeting that at that time the two dennminrtinns which comprised tlie vast majority of the people of the colony were like two ships left with out rodders on a stnrnly ocean. They pos sessed no heads— no one was responsible for taking care that their interests and religion should not be passed by. The question as to whether or not the Bishop, when appoint ed, was opposed to the so-called National System of Education, was easily answered — he acted in regard to that system as bia experience of its working in other places would justify in doing. It was, donbtless, well known to all present besides being matter of history, that in Ireland the National Srstem had met with moBt strenuous opposition from members of the Church of England resident in that country. (Cheers.) The late Primate of Ireland, Lord George Beresford, a prelate of whom any community could boast and any church be prond, had, dur ing the last few years of his life, been most determined in his opposition to any system of education which precluded teaching of religion in schools. In Ireland the system was not actually the National system, it had become in fact quite Denominational in principle. Great objections bad been taken to the National system in its inte grity, and great concessions were made before it showed any signs of success. The Presbyterian party kept aloof until the con cessious demanded were granted. The sys tem bad been tried and found wanting in other places in the British colonies^ in Nova Scotia, — and had never given satis faction. The theory that people of different religions denominations should be educated together had never been found to work well, and tlie question as to whether the children of different denominations attended the same schools in Ireland Would have to be answered in the negative. It was found that in places where the patrons of the schools were members of the Chnrch of England, that only children uf that denomi nation attended the schools, and the same rule applied to Boman Catholic schools, Presbyterian schools, and those of other Non conformist bodies. Therefore there could be no doubt but that the system bad failed to carry outtfaeobjeet for which ft was originally introduced. If, then, experience had proved it to be a failure, at home and in other places, might they not be readily excused for entertaining some suspicions of its suc cessful operation among themselves. They must, nuder those circumstances, be careful bow they censured the Bishop for disap proving of a system of education which he had had so many opportunities of discover ing to be a failure at home. If be (the Bishop) foend, after many years' experi ence, that it was fallacious — that the num ber of scholars attending the schools were not nearly so numerous as its supporters could desire— be (Mr. Shaw) thought that they should be somewhat slow in censuring their Bishop for striving to prevent its ob taining headway in Queensland, (Hear, hear.) They all knew that schools were generally supervised by clergymen— as being best suited to train the young mind — to each a boy bow to become an honest Christian man : and lead a girl to repnta ble and loved womanhood. Clergymen were not alone called npon to instil the tenets of any particular faith, but to teach tlie yonng to fear God and love their fel low*, so that they shonld not be brought up without Christianity; but be possessed of weapons with which they conld success fully overthrow the wiles of the devil. Not be brought upas nominally Christians, but really Pagans, who feared not God or man. nor cared in the slightest for the obligation of an oath. — (Cheers.) It was necessary that they should be taught whilst yonng tlie ne cessity for curbing their evil passions, not be brought op without dread of consequen ces in this world, ur any fear of eternity. Those were, perhaps, some of the reasons why the two Bishops bad taken objection to a system of edneation in which religion was practically cast aside and ignored. They desired to see the children springing np aronnd them free from the vices of curs ing and swearing and f object to all sort of evil influences, in order that they might be come better men and better citizens.— (Great cheering.) He maintained that the action taken by the Bishop throughont was one which entitled him to receive the fullest confidence of the members of his church. The idea of the probable existence of a Utopia when no sectarian differences wonld be in existence, was, a* they must all be aware, mere claptrap, and was at the pre sent looked at in no other light than that of au exploded notion, one long since passed away. (No, no.) Well, be still was of opinion that the success experienced in other places «r efforts to produce such a state of things had shown that they were lamentable and miserable failures. Such was the experience of many, although per haps not of all. He bad much pleasure in seconding the amendment. (Applause.) Mr. Mackehde could not allow the reso lution and amendment to be pnt to the meet ing without a few remarks. He maintained that the meeting had not been called in an irregular manner. A requisi tion had been drawn np and signed in accordance with the nsnal custom, and therefore the complaint Out it was * hole and corner affair was unfounded. They must all agree from wbat they had beard that die gentleman on die other side had certainly not come unprepared. It bad also been stated that had the Board of Edneation given way in the first instance no agitation whatever wonld hava been occasioned. . He, however, was constrained to believe that nothing wonld satisfy the Bishop bot ara cum-tce to the system of Denominational Education. He believed that the test eon- - cession made by the Board of Education was bfauch a nature as to have satisfied the objections made by the Bishop; bnt was fais lordship satisfied? (Mr. Shaw: Too took can that h'w lordship should n«t have an ©pportnnity of answering the question.*') Then, with leferenoe to die success which, had attended tiie National System in Ire land, a great many statements jpro and cm. eou'id Denude. He had read two admirable letten whichfcad been written on the subject by Mr. Wilson*. Presbyterian clergyman of South Brisbane. Mr. Wilson had been a local preacher in Ireland, and, therefore, had some opportunity of jndgiag«f the merits of the ?yrtwn,an-l had annltmi of it as having been eminently successful. And the letter re ferred to also refuted another statement which had been made at the meeting, to the effect that ifleriibere of the Church of Eng land in Ireland were inimical to the National System. Bishop Ctnitin Had said so. and Mr. Wilson nneqni vocally denied it.- So import ant did he consider that portion of toe letter that .he would read it to the meeting. [Tfae speaker read the portion of the letter re ferred to, which contained flie following ddotatidn from a letter written by the Pri mate of irelariai-^-The National System was introduced at first as a concession to Bomau Catholics, but, as now maintained in its integrity, as a safeguard against the demands made by tho ultramontane party demands which,* if conceded, would prove injurious to the interests of edneation, reli gion, and liberty in this country.'] If the statement* made by Mr. Wilson could be found to be false, then would the other side have the advantage. He (Mr. Mackenzie), however, would conclude by stating that he was greatly astonished to find gentlemen prestnt uphold Ihe Bishop of tlie English Church iii'the commnniotinn which be had lately held with Bishdp (Juintt. (Hisses.) Colonel O'Cosbbu. had read the letter referred to by Mr. Wilson from beginning to end, and that letter was addressed by the Primate to the clergy of his diocese, recom mending those under the Chnrch Educa tion Society, when they could not by any other means sustain schools, as a last resource to go to the National Education System. He mnst say that the recom mendation of the Primate was met by a storm of dissent from all the clergy and those of the church who took the Apposite side of the question. (Applause). Mr. M'Donnell rose and said that he was in possession of correct information as to the success of the National System in Ireland, and would state that it was eminently successful, the number of scholars having increased every year, altbongb the population of1 the country was decreasing. Sir Bobert Peel had recently brought up a report on education to tile House of Commons, and bad occasion to congratu late the country upon the success which bad attended the National system in Ire land. There was no doubt but that the great decrease of crime was owing in » great degree to the adoption of that system. In the North of Ireland it had been compara tively successful i but in the East and South it had been a grand 6UtjcesJ. In Cork and Dublin a wonderful decrease of crime was apparent; and perhaps bad the National system been so successful in Belfast, tbey would not have heard of the dreadful scenes which bad taken place in that town during the summer, when ito citizens had actually been engaged in butchering each other in the public streets. Mr. T. L. M. Pbiob said that when he came to the meeting he had no intention of speaking, bdt he .would, as au old colonist and a member of the Cliurfh at England, like to say a few words. He remembered that prerinns to the introduction uf the National system there were no schools in Brisbane, and it had been resolved that they should adopt that system in order to obtain edneation. They had done so, and found that it answered admirably. No later than last Saturday he had visited a small town ship not far away from Brisbane ; there was no school there. He knew a man who lived there irith liis wife and six children; and bad been informed by tlie wife that Bishop Quinn had recently visited the place, and talked about establishing a Catholic school. The woman had farther stated that if he did get tlie school he proposed, she enntd not send her children ; but if a National school were set up, then she could. That was the principle npon which he supported the Na tional system. Mr. Dicetns rose and stated tha' he had been sixteen years in Brisbane, during which time he bad always been able to «end bis children to -a school which was held in the building in which tbey were then assembled. Mr. J. Douglab, M.L.A.. rose to correct a slight error which Mr. MDonnell had fallen Into. He (Mr. Douglas, had recently pe rused a debate which took place in the Honse of Commons on education, and Sir Bobert Peel had been compelled to stand the racket because the government had ex tended the National system to the conven tual schools of Ireland. Tlie inspectors ap pointed by tlie Board of Edneation, who comprised representative)! uf every religions denomination, had expressed tbeir appre ciation of the value of these conventual schools, which were generally conducted by Catholic ladies, who taught young children and who greatly benefited the poorer classes br doing so. Those schools had had the effect of reconciling the population to the National system more than anything else could have done. There was no doubt but that in Irelaud a very wido Slope indeed was given to the National system. Mr. Bebnate rose, and after expressing his sense of the disadvantage he labored nnder of addressing the meeting after so many able speakers, proceeded to repudiate any desire on the part of the gentlemen who got np the requisition tntake any advantage of the absence of the Bishop. It was also a mistake tn imagine that any desire was felt to censure the Sishop — a proper con (traction had not been pnt npon the requi sition. A complaint was made that the Lord Bishop bad jumped at a conclusion in which Le was not warranted when he stated that on the subject of education he represented their opinions. He also thonght that the meeting were being misled, when it was stated that the teaching of the National system was calculated to lead to cursing and swearing on the part of the attendants at the schools. He main tained that the system referred to incnlca* ted morality in a most essential manner. Some of die honorable gentlemen who had addressed the meeting also seemed to be of opinion that by holding the present meeting an undue interference was taken in church affairs. In opposition to that opinion, be would state that a prelate of the Chnrch of England had recently expressed himself to the contrary— he referred to the much re spected Bishop of Melbourne. [Tha spea ker proceeded to quote from a speech of the prelate referred to. in which the good re sult of lay control over the affairs of the chnrch is advocated.] He did not view the question in its abstract light of whether ra ligions education slionld be imparted or not ? if he did so. perhaps he would lean to die opinions of those gentlemen who were ap parently opposed to him. He thought the question was in what way conld the State best aid religion without interfering with the public prejudices. As regarded what had fallen from the hon. and gallant gentle man who had preceded him with reference to the course of action adopted by the Press of die colony on die qcestiou of education, be (Mr. Bernays) wonld call attention that the papers in every portion of the colony came to the same conclusion— they aang the. one tone ; and surely it could not be ar gued that the whole of die proprietors and editors bad entered into a conspiracy to reject the National System. (Mr. Tatwb: Who conducts the papers.) He could defy contradiction when he stated that die Press was unanimous on the subject ? he begged pardon, there was certainly one exception. He referred to the Journal which was known to represent a car-, tain -party, and he certainly must give it credit for doing so honestly. It had also been stated tiut the whole of die papers warn in the Dissenting interest and he would like to know what meaning conld be attached to that term in die colony of Qneensland. The Indicia! committee of die Privy Council held that where there was no State.. Cbnrcb, everyjenominitron was in the same position with relation to each other —no bettor and no worse. That opinion, he conceived, wo'uldbe regarded as conclusive upon that point. He would again state that no intention whatever had been evidenced on the part of those who* had got up die meeting to take advantage of die absence of the Bishop ; it was merely accident that the meeting was held while he was away. (Oh. oh.) There was no' doubt also that the character of the resolutions would have pre cluded the Bishop from attending— even if he bad been in town ; at all events, it wonH have rendered it very inconvenient for him to have done so. That any conclusion wonld attend the result of the night's pro ceedings he (Mr. Bernays) did not for one ttfdoieat imagine — the people present at the meeting, all of whom came from within two or three miles from Brisbane, conld merely express their own opinion ! no desire was manifested to bind anybody else. They were all personally anxious to fice an im portant question settled — a moot point be tween tile Bishop and die members of the church settled. However the question might be settled, be should be sorry if the minority did not accept tbeir defeat in good airt ? he had a deep-routed objection to the establishment of free churches, tfr any other similar rubbish, and would conelnd'a by stating that he was only actuated by a de sire to aim at some definite conclusion. The Hon. B. G. W. Hebbebt said he was aware that be had risen to address the meeting at a late hour of die evening, but it was not bis intention to trouble them with any lengthy remarks. He believed that bis views on the education question were well known ! bnt he wonld state far the informa tion of those present that originally lie en tertained similar views to those advanced by die Hon. Colonel O'CoDUell that night He had, however, seen occasion to depart from those principles, and he might state that he now held opiniaus on the subject of education similar to those enunciated by Mr. Mackenzie. (Cheers and counter cheers.) Mr. Shaw in his address plainly stated that nothing less than die denomi national system would meet with the con currence of the Bishop of tlie Church of England. Not lie would very much like to hate that system of education, provided the ladies and gentlemen who were mem bers of the Church of England would agree to pay for it ; not that they should call upon the state tn pay for it. In the course of his remarks. Colonel O'Conncll had stated that only those who were not members of the Church of England could entertain and express feelings and opinions on the snbject contrary to those known to be held by the Bishop. On tlie whole it tditit be admitted that the business of the meeting bad been conducted in a very good-tempered manner, or such a statement wonld probably have interfered with the friendly feeling which appeared to prevail. There was undoubtedly a great iei\ In connection with the affairs of the Chnrch of Engfaftd in the colony which required serious consideration! It was very plain that that cburcli was in ft very decadent position at Ihe present moment auditwai therefore desirable to find some means of restoring it. * There was one thing that he contended for — the right of the members of the church to meet and discuss affairs connected with it in a friendly spirit If he understood Colonel O'Conuell's idea of epkcoy&cf.; it was that the lay members of the cburcli had no right to interfere in order to obtain good clinrcli government That was certainly not the case in England, and he was well acquainted with tlie manner in which church affairs were conducted there. He would remind them that the meeting was not public — it was essentially a private one — » meeting of the members of the Church of England, called for the purpose of obtaining an expression of opinion as to whether those present agreed with the Bishop, not to censure him. He considered that the gentlemen irho bad asserted the latter proposition had brought forward a false issne. Previous to attend ing the meeting he had taken steps to dis cover the precise nature of the snbject to be discussed. He had not been content with the requisition, but had read the resolutions to be submitted to the meeting, and had he fonnd that they contained anything of the nature referred to, be shonld certainly not have been present. The first resolution simply denied that certain representations which bad been made with regard to the opinions of members of the Chnrch of England on die snbject of education were correct as regarded those held by some gentlemen prevent. He could say that tbeir opinions were not held by him— they might be holier and wiser, bnt they were not his. Reference had been made to the fact that the Bishop was absent bnt were they not absent at the meetings held by him some miles up the country, when the representations ol.jected to were made? Therefore it was desirable that snme record slionld be made of their incorrectness. He had the highest respect for the Bishop, and had been brought up at the same school and the same college as that right reverend gentleman ; and was very glad to bear testi mony to tlie kindly disposition evinced by him since his arrival in the colony. He, however, wished to say that he wonld sop port the resolution as originally moved ; and in doing so he considered he outraged no part of church propriety, as be held that members of the church have a perfect right to meet and disenss church questions. The decay into which die Church of England was falling in the colony was in bis opinion owing in a great measure to die fact that the laity did not tike sufficient interest and share in its government He had been brought up in the Church of England, and he mnst say that die system upon which chnrch affairs were conducted iu the colony was diametrically opposed to that which he had always seen adopted at home. He felt obliged for die patience with which he had been listened to, and wonld conclude by stating that die two eloquent speeches that were delivered in the early part of the evening pnt the matter in a false light The fact was simply that certain members of the chnrch who had been misrepresented desired to put in a moderate protest Colonel O'Cobkell rose, in explanation, and stated that there was no doubt when die bishop made die representation referred to he had been under the impression that be was conveying die opinions of die majority of die members of the Chnrch of England. His ground for doing so being that tbey were held by nearly all the members of his church win whom he bad conversed on die subject Whatever might be the issue of the meeting he firmly bttueved that the btibop had been [ratified in asserting tiut he had expressed die views correctly of a large number of churchmen. Mr. Coon rose to support die amendment, and called attention to the net that the re quisition stated that die meeting was con vened for the purpose of considering bow far the bishop had represented die opinions of the large body of die Chnrch of England in Queensland. As regarded tiist proposition, it surely could not be asserted that it repre sented die large body of die church. He was sorry to hear die hon. gentleman at the head of the government, who was a man of great ability, state that he was not repre sented fay the bishop, thereby inferring that the right reverend gentleman war in a man ner elected by die members of die Church of England in the colony. Such was not die can— be was appointed by the Sovereign, and it was his duty to lay down die doctrines which die members of die church were to follow- If they differed from him they had a court of appeal. They had their own fonnn lwias to appeal to. and it was therefore wrone to treat the matter in any other way The Bishop had a perfect right to decide npon die most suitable system of education to be adopted by members of die chnrch. from beginning to end. It was not air to call the meeting dnring the absence of. die Bishop. Mr. Bernays had stated that he was not aware he had gone, but surely there was ample time for delaying the meeting until his return. (Cheers.) It would have been more courteous and consistent with dignity to have waited hi* lordship's arrival. As it is, a sectional congregation of die colony set dwmaelves up— andbe disclaimed their right to do so— and forgetting the com monest enurfest towards their Bishop, at tempted to pronounce for die whole church oT the colony. He denied their right to do so. (Cheers.) TheBov. J.Bunsaidhe had only acea the advertisement convening: the meeting oa the previous night, having jnst returned from s journey. After listening to the the ories on die subject of education which bad been advanced that evening by statesmen and lawyers, they would perhaps like to hear what went on in the school-room where die meeting was being held, from the lips of a parish priest ; and he spoke as on behalf of the paupers of Queensland. Ha had with some surprise received a letter from die Rev. J. Tomlinson, a gentleman who had for some years past looked alter die school referred to. That letter was an application from Mr. Tomlinson to pay for the edneation of twenty-two pauper children, who had hitherto attended the school at his (Mr. Tumlinson's) expense. He felt that die school-room was die proper place in which to make that statement; and he would tell them why. Because it was hem that die priestcraft came on. The In spector of die National Schools did not go among die pauper population, among tiiosa children who did not possess clothes or food, and seme of them with neither father or mother : and he conld state that Each did exist in Brisbane. He asked for support to enable him. in tbe room in which be then stood, to impart to them a knowledge of their God and of his Son Jesus Christ. (Hear, hear.) Why not send them to tha National School? simply because looking after diem did not come witbin die scope of the duties of die Inspector and teachers of that school. It was for member* of par liament and legislators to make good and wise laws. It was not for diem to go rnond and find young children, who. if left uncared for wonld probably be left to people die gaols witb. That was the duty of the priestcraft— to go round abont the alleys and lanes, and Sad twenty-two panper children, and leach them not only reading, writing, and arithmetic, but to love and fear the Lord Jesus. He did indeed rejoice at the success which had attended die efforts made in tbst direction. He had little more to say ; bnt be would ask all present to believe him when he said that he never endeavored to bias unfairly or an ustly die religious opinions «f any person. If ben he found a man who had rationally formed an opinion and stuck to it he res pected him ; therefor?, when pleading on be half of schools such as the nna he had spoken, he desired that no harm or damage should come to other schools. He wonld, however, ask why some portion of tbe ~ Government should not be reserved for those schools in which he took an especial inter est — there was no doubt bnt that they bene fited the country. There were over one hundred children in the school in which that meeting was held, and be thought it wonld be only jnst that some assistance was granted. Tue class of children who attended ttxein could not go to the grand place down the street which was attended by the sons of lawyers and architects. He asked them not to stop tbe work that was going on— that be should not be deprived of the only one m-sans he possessed of saving pauper children from going to harm and evil. The meeting then divided on the amend ment the Chaibxan stating diat if it were carried the whole of the resolutions would be lost. It was declared by the two scruti neers—Messrs. Bernays and Shaw— to be carried by a majority of thirty- six to twenty The usoal Tote of thanks to the Chair man was passed. A cheer for Dr. ToineU was called for, and heartily given. Tlie proceedings then terminated. Messes. Bartine and Cushla have inaugu rated at Crawford's Horse Bazaar au enter tainment of a most novel and startling cha racter. Whether we consider tlie extraor dinary results produced by mechanical effects and ootical illusions, which constitute die department of Herr Cnsbla, or the amazing physical strength and agility of Bartioe, we equally confess die general cha racter of the performance is caul culated to interest all conditions and ages of our population. 'Les Tableaux Tivants. ' by Cnshla and Company, realised the perfection of Classic Statuary, with the important improvement of real life in place of cold inanimate mar ble. Mr. Cushla is an Apollo in form, and previous to coming to Australia was consi dered tlie handsomest fignre in England of those engaged in rendering these post* plattiqaa. He was first introduced into tbis country by Mr. Coppin, who never yet blundered in catering for the public taste for amusements. Mr. Bartine is au American, and in earlier days we have witnessed his performances in his native city of Philadelphia, where, _ when quite a boy. he astonished the population of the ' City of Brotherly Love ' by hi* extraordinary performances on tbe slack rope. We are not surprised now, to find him boldlj launching out in a strange land, on his own account instead of continuing to ' play second fiddle' to talent far inferior to his own. The attendance for the last two nights has been very fair, and we doubt not will continue to improve as the fame of this extraordinary company gets noised abroad. Some fourteen taSUtax were ex hibited, inclnsive of die ghost scene, which has associated with it each an intensely su pernatural impression, that it certainly me rits special notice. We do not pretend to account for the cause of tbe effect bnt we have reason to believe that a midnight ramlile through a churchyard after a sight of Cusbla's ghost, would be an undertaking excessively trying to weak nerves. Tbo thing has no substantiality in it J It stands ont in bold relief from tbe back-ground of tbe stage a motionless, ghastly figure, with a face like the face of the dead, and shrou ded, as it were, in die cerements of the grave. Alas! poor ghost! It has 'no speculation in its eyes;'' it is transparent, and this makes tbe illusion perfect A fe male figure takes op a position behind it and gracefully manipulates, as if endeavo ring to exorcise die ghost which, however, obstinately perastsjnstaadins ita cronna. figure appear* mysteriously osveloped, surrounded, seemingly, by a dm su pernatural haztt. The Ghost was loudly applauded, for die purpose, we snppose, of encouraging it to appear every night wlm* we understand it has consented to do. 'Angels and ministers of grace defend us!' Tbe remaining tiMmtr were excel lently rendered, especially ' die first fratri cide.'' wMeh was, perhaps, die most effec tive or all, aldiough bnt two figures are no eessary to its subject Bartiues several performances were equally remarkable. His grace and oaring on the eonfe mltaae or slack rope, excited tbe intense interest of all present, bnt when he walked tbe ceding with ?» much confidence as if the centre of eravity were in the moon, diere were few present who did not shudder when they reflected upon what *aght be die result Hi* closing performance on tbe - Flying Tra-r pexe.' is too great sod wonderful a novelty for us to describe. We can only advise every one who possibly can, to see and judge for diemselves of the marvellooa merit and novelty of die performances of Messrs. Herr Cushla and Bartine. Psonssnn Fitz-Edward Hall has recently edited, with revision, a translation by tha late Horace Hayman Wilson, of die first nunroe rf one of die eighteen Sanscrit Pfcroaator Eocydopediae Treatises »n the theonogy,cosmogony. mythology traditions, history, theology, adiies, mysticism, a*. tronomy, geometry, and jurisprudence of the Hindoos. Wilson's translation was first published at London in 1840. The Pnrana translated by him was that entitled the Vuhwo-Poonma, a collection of mytiri jeal traditions concerning Vishnoo, tin second person of the Trimoorti, or Indian Trinity. ThU translation i« now re-prodoced by Professor Hall, with valuable and impoc tent annotations. The Vuhneo-Poarana Is one cf die Sanscrit fewtaindndedlntbeot. .mi—tino Hat far the Indian Ofrfl Serrisa. 