])AoolNGROUs L..rP OILS.-At a meeting of the medical officers of health at the Scottish corporation-hall, a paper was read on the recent petroleum accidents. It was shown that those accidents had resulted from the employmont of oils capablo of being ignited at a very low temperature. The author of the paper, Mr. Tegotmseir, exhibited a very easy mode of deteoting dangerous oils. Two tea.-pfuls of boiling water (at the ordinary temporaturo of a sitting-room) wero mixed together in a small basin; a cupful of the water was tihen taken, and a teaspoonful of the oil to be tested poured on its surface. In a few seconds a light was applied to the oil. The dangerous oils-thosecapablo of igniting below 128 degrees-nimaediatoly took fire, whereois; it was shown to be impossible to ignite those which wore of a safe and non-explosive character.-The Times. N MoeTIvE Iro wRn.--ProfesorsBarsanti and Mattrucci, of Florencd, have invented a now mode of producing motive power. Their engine may be described as an atmospheric enginoe, a vacuum being produced in the cylinders, under the pistons, by the explosion of a mixturo of atmospheric air with an in flhnunablo gas. The explosion is said to be withoet noise and free from danger. The resultl of a long series of experiments upon two miclhines- one of them being of twenty horse power, and the other of four-proves that the consumption of the gas used is one third of a cubic metro per horse-power per hour. The gas is said to be produced at a cost of less than a penny the cubic metro ; consequently, a ihorse-power can be obtained at about one-third of a penny the hour. The mnachincs constructed are reported to work satisfactorily, and the principle to be equally applicable to marine and locomotive engines. Several patents have boon taken out in this country for machines of this class. Hitherto, howovei, all explosivo engines have failed to fullil !the promise of the inventors. Athonmum. A Wosen ox PETS.--Tlhe choice of pets is generally an index to character. The firmser entertains a dull affection for some gentle heifer, with mild, Juno-like eyes and aromatic breath. His man Giles losulges, at leisure moments, round the sty, and fondly scratcheos the fat backs of the lethargic tenants. witli a clownish smile, evoked by visions of future flitches. Community of tastes and pursuits leads the huntsman to seek an object of affection in his stables; and the soldier, 'whose, life may depend on the fleootness and endurance of his charger, will share his' last crust with him. A bucolic partiality for sheep can only be accounted for by the drowsy placidity of rural life. The love of birds is almost peculiar to women; and there is a graceful appropriateness in the tenderness of young girls for canaries and other little creatures, nimble, sweet tongued, and sensitive as themselves. Mat -rons have a thoughtful preference for poul try. Venerable spinsters relish the spiteful ness and loquacity of parrots, and admire a gaudiness of plumage according with their own aesthetic tastes. Some mental perversity may be inferrod.in a young lady who lejts a parrot; and the Roman lady who, according to Martial, fondled a snake, must have been a sour old maid.--Onceo a Wicek. Prn? s : FowLs.-Fowls have plenty of vanity and pride. They are very sensible to admiration from man, and miss accustomed notice. A prize bird knows itself. The queen of the poultry-yard must eat first, and stand by the king at feeding-time. She resists any invasion upon her rights, and will have a precedence in all things. Indeed, precedence in the court-yard seems as valued as at earthly courts. Ago and priority of residence in the yard, not less than size and strength, constitute right to precedence. No dowager ever treated young chits of 'girls more contemptuously than the senior lien treats lher juniors. One has hoard of a Swiss cow . whichl died of vexation when her bell was taken from her. So did a lon of mine, long mistress of the poultry-yard, die of smothered pride, when ia now queen-lion, partner to a now king (is pair I bought att a pouluhtry-slow), curie into my enclosure. The rival queolls eyed cach other for a moment stedltestly, then rushed to the combat. The noe comer, tlough the old hen fought bravo y, was the stronger. Mrs. Mercury, as wo callcd the old lhon, from the wing-like foathering on her legs, neover attempted to try her chance again, succumbed in a molan choly manner, and after a few days' moping gavo up the ghost.-All the Yosr Round. A TEanIiLE CRIMINAL.-At theo small vil lago of Lautrach, in the Tyrol, a man and his wife quarrelled and fought, and on a neigbour rushing to the assistance of the woman lie was shot dead by the husband. Of two gendarmes who attempted to secure the murderer, one was shot by him and the other seriously wounded by shots in the neck and arm. A neigbour then un dertook to watch the residence of the villain, and, in order to do so unperceived, raised a tile on his roof, from which lie peered out, but whilst doing so was shot through the eye by the scoundrol, who thus completed his third murder. The man was then barri caded in his house, but he coolly pro cooded with watering his cow, and nodded to the crowd surrounding his dwelling. As no one would now venture to risk his lifo in the attempt to mako the capture, two small cannon weore brought and two shots were sent against the house, followed by a volley from small-nrms. The murderer now sought refuge in the chimney, whence, after much resistance, he was cragged by the crowd, who stormed the place, and eventually handed him over to the representatives of the law. A Si, STOsRY.-Tho following is an eox tract from a letter written by a lady residing at Seaton, near Axminster:--"There is a small fishing village near hero that is liter ally plague-stricken with measles; the chil dren are dying by dozens. The inhabitants are all sailors and fishermen, and at this time of the year always in.want. The chil dron do not die of the complaint, but of weakness and starvation afterwards. We are all at work boiling soup and doing what we can for. the poor starved things. They come over the hill twenty at a time and re, coivo a blanket, sheet, four pounds of broad, two ounces of ten, and four:yards of-flannel.' The boll is tolling constantly, and five or six children brought over here in a cart to be buried daily. The village altogether is like a thing you dream of. The mothers themselves look like hungry wolves, without a feeling loft for their dead children. I have only seonone woman crying. Until I said a kind word such as "the summer is coming and better times, please God," and then they sob as if they would go into hysterics from weakness. In one den to-day there were six children lying before the fire-place, and I asked the woman if they were hungry. "No," she said, "thank God, they're not so hungry as I am, for I have nothing to give them.' I could oat the table board." I can only give them my work and strongth, and the dead children are the best off poor things. I have found a true-hearted farmer's wife, who lends me her kitchen and boils the soup for them. Those poor children die in the dark, and the mothers have to watch for daylight to, see them, not lhaving-a candle in the house. It is sad work, and I feel ashamed of myself every night when I come home and sit down to a good tea. I myself have spent: three days in Beer, and I tlink the misery.beats anything I ever beheld." . A SIKATING'HINK I&N; CANADA.-On the ice hundreds of youngs girls, every other one of whom is pretty, or certainly looks pretty to night, and of whom many are strikingly handsome-all alike set off with every device that can aggravato their charms-sway and flit about through the mazes of the crowd, seldom singly, but holding the hand of either a laughing companion or of some favoured cavalier. Sometimes a chain of these young beauties, hand in hand, come sailing forward in line; sometimes a doubly happy youth loads forth one on either side.' The most intricate and graceful evolutions are accom plished with an ease of which it would be hard to say whether it excites the greater wonder or admiration. These coquettish damsels scorch their admirers with a general blaze of scarlet-which is the ruling colour -mercifully toned down, subdued, and har monized by rich, soft, dark furs. There is fur everywhere-fur encircling the fair, round, rosy cheeks; fur coiled rounid the white neck ; fur on the wrists, and a fringe of fur edging the neat little natty boot. Black eyes sparkle ; blue eyes softly gleam; cach cast wicked and exasperating glances. There are "affairs" without end. Cupid opens the door of admission, and Hymen closes that at which many a pair passes out. Now and then a fall happens. A glance of an ankle, perhaps a momentous glimpse of an inch or two more, is lost in enviously voluminous folds of feminine knickerbockers of scarlet cashmere. Officious fair ones hasten to help up their unhappy sister, and ringing and joyous laughter proclaims and celebrates the event. When a gentleman tumbles, the merriment runs over. What fate could lie desire better than to afford amusement to these lovely creatures? TIE NEW CONSERnvArTIv LEADER.-A new arrangement, we learn on good authority has been made regarding the leadership of the Conservative party in the House of Com mons. The dissatisfaction with the leader ship of Mr. Disraeli was so great that many considerable members of the party were more than reluctant to go into serious action, while the impatience of another section for an attempt at office continued to increase. In these circumstances, it has been arranged, we believe, that, while the work of debating must of necessity continue to be done chiefly by Mr. Disraeli, the leadership in the Coln mons in all other respects will be entrusted to General PeS. It is intended, with this new disposition of forces, to try to upsot'the government soon after Easter; but nothing is yet dotermined as to what question, or which side of any question, will be made available for that purpose.-Scotsman. A Wrrcudna rr CASs.-At the Chelnis ford Assizes, before Lord Chief Justice Erie, a prosecution was instituted against Emma Smith, the wife of a beerhouse-keeper at Ridgowell, and Samnuel Stammers, a car penter, of Siblo Hedingham, which charged them with having caused the death of a man named " Dummy," who was deaf and dumb about eighty years of ago, and had lived near the town of Sible eIodingham, in a small mud hut, for the last eight years. His habits were peculiar, and Iris inability to express himself otherwise than by grotesque gestures, and being also of a very excitable nature, caused him to be regarded by many as a person possessed of the power of witchcraft. Amongst other places which the deceased visited was the village of Iidgowoll, a few miles distant from L-edinghlml., where 1ho made the ? qlaintanco of the prisoner Smith, at tihe beerhouso of her husband. On the occasiso of one of those visits to Ridgewell, he wanted to sleep at the prisonor's house, and on hIo refusing to allow him to do so, he used threatening signs to her as signifying his disploasure. Soon after this the prisoner Emma Smith, became ill, and .as reduced to a low norvousecondition, and at once es. pressed her conviction that she had been bewitched by old Dummy, and that she would never recover until she had induced him to remove the spell for her. On the 3rd of August last year, the female prisoner welt to Siblo IHedinglham and!met Dummy at the Swan public-house.. She offered him three sovoroigs to go toRidgewell with her, buthe refused, anddrow hisfingers across his throat, implying that he was afraid of having his throat cut." As soon as it' 'became known in the town that a woman from Ridgewll, whoi had been bewitched by old Dummy, was at the Swan, a greoat number of villagers flocked. to see her, and tihe Swan soon became a scene of riot' and confusion, and the old man was pulled anid danced about, falling :once or twice violently to the ground. The deceased gotoutside the house, when the woman Smith shoved him into a brook, and when he wa.s' getting out on the other side she went round over a little bridge, and theoother prisoner (Stammers) went through the brook, and theyboth pushed him: back, into the witer; he afterwards succeeded in getting out, and went and sat on a stoneheap until the twro prisoners again dragged him towards the brook, and one taking hold of hin under the armpits and the: other :by the legs, they threw him into it at a pointwhvere the water is dammed uip, and was of some little depth. Ho, was at 'last got out; riiid walked to his' hut, but died shortla tfie;r. Medical ovid. ence proved that tlo deceasbd died:feomdis., ease of the kidneys, produced by immersion in the water. The jury found the prisoner guilty, and: they were - sentenced to i month's hard labour, the learned judge sap . ing he took into consideration the circum. staices of the mental condition of the female prisoner, and the fact that, when Stammers found there was really danger, he took the poor old man out of the water. It may be remembered that a few months ago Dr. Richard Millett, a surgeon, residing at Penfol, in. Cornwall, was brought up be fore the magistrates of the district, on a charge of having poisoned his own brother, who resided in the house with him, and who had died rather suddenly. The charge was pre ferred by a brother-in-law, Dr. Edmonds, residing in-Croydon; but after a full inrves tigation before the magistrates, including a chemical analysis , of the contents of thl stomach by Mr. Alfred Taylor, Dr. Millett was honorably dismissed by the magistrates. He then raised an action for slander against his brother-ini-ldw, which was tried recently, before Mr. Baron .Bramwell,. at Bodmie. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintif, with damages to the extent of £400. Some enterprising ladies in New York are determined to give a death-blow to crinoline, but wisely see that some equally witchling attraction must be substituted. Their notion is very short dresses, a is "buy a-broom girl," 'disclosing much leg, and a very high ankle boot, something in the style of a Balinoral. The following adve?tisement has appeared in one .of the London newspapers :--"A gentleman who is about to leave the house in which he resides, and being desirous to return it to the landlord in the same condi tion in which he found it, will pay a full price for 500 full grown rats, an acre of poisonous weeds, and a cart-load, of rub bish; the weeds to be planted in the garden, the rubbish left on the doorstep, and the rats suffered to run loose through the house," "WELL, I'e BLOWED."--This, on accoun' of the prevailing winds, is the p?iper expres sion for March. His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales will, however, vary it this year to " Well, I'm blessed."-Fun. A French gentleman, who had heard rum called spirits, went into one of our hotels a few evenings since, and called for'. a glass of p.nch, requesting at the same time that it should be made with "ghosts from the Vest Indies." MAxmns ron HTsnaues."-Resolve in the morning, to be patient and cheerful. during the day. Laugh heartily on finding all the buttons. off the shirt-as usual. Say, mer rily, "Boys will be.boys,'' when you discover that the clildr'en have emptied the contents of the water-jug into your boots. On gashing your chin with arazor, remember that beauty 'is but skin deep ; and in order to divert your thoughts from the pain recite a spoech froe Hamlet, or indulge in one of the harmonies of your native-land.' If breakfast is not ready for yonu; chuckle and grin pleasantly at the menials-remembering that a merry hearth a continual feast; and go to your business with a pleasant smile. A famous nmusician, who had made hoi fortune by marringe, being requested to sing to the company, replied: " Permit me to imitate the nightingale, which never sins after he has made his nest." " So you wouldn't take me to be twenty!" said: a rich heiress to an Irish gontlemarn while dancing 'the polka. "cWhat wouli you take me for, then?" "For bettors worse," replied the son of the Emerald Isle. The followingis from a provincial paper: "For sale at our office, two hundred pounds of honey. To prevent mistakes, the substr hers may as well state that, like the attri butes of mercy, it is not strained." Thei stage on whieh a bertain great trag e dian." struts his brief hour,", in New york, Popkins remarks, is likely to become of value in this post-(haste) age," inasmuch as before he closes Ihis. engagement it will be entirely covered with 'strimps. A Srur nsPEAR~IA CLOwN.- " Tells whet, said a literary bumpkin in a Hampsls o beerhouse, " these here 'counts in the, peeapors 'bout street robberies minds noit a! spacho as I iecollets readun on in Shakes peare's plaay o" Hamnlet. ''rliere's zulum too mulch garotten in: the .state' of England -Punch.' .. ;. Plunket perpetrated a good joke abot "kite-flying," i.o., dealinig in accommoda tion bills. ?io used to say there wasee difference between boys' kites and muo" kites-that with boys, the wind raised . kites, but with nion the kites raised tIe s ' ToE WoNoER OF WO Es is..i- e rjOjio in being able to record the fact of a tStc'l iman having made a joke. Some one ea advocating the now theory that the hesto to treat certain criminals would be toe 10 theem, when our friend fromn the d', exolaimed, " Itioht, men, the best ri would be wbippOd creaminalol',"-P nc' UnF.RDOOE PoRK.-A O?AuTrro.-- The following letter from Dr. Shepherd Fletcher appeared in the Manchester Examiner and Times a few days ago :--naving seen in this district a fatal case of what I believe was floshworm disease, I have been much inter ostod and struck by a very able article on the subject communicated, without the author's name, to the British Medical ,Tour nal for January 16th; from which I extract the following particulars for the benefit and warning of the inhabitants of this noighbour hood:-" A few months ago there was a festive celebration at Hettstadt, a small country town near the Hartz mountains, in Germany. ' Upwards of one hundred persons sat'down to an excellent dinner; and, having enjoyed themselves more majolum t separated and went to' their homes. Of those 103 ,persons, mostly men.in the prime of life, 83 :ar' now in their graves; the majority of the twenty survivorslinger with a fearful malady ; and a few only walk apparently unscathed among the living, but in hourly fear of .an outbreak of the disease which has carried away such iumbers of their follow-diners. They had all eaten of a 'poison at that festive board, the virulence of which far surpasses the reported effects of aqua tophana," or of the more tangible agents described in toxi .cological text-books. It was not a poison dug out of the earth, extracted from plants, or prepared in the laboratory of the chemist.' It was not a poison administered by design or negligence ; but it was a poison unknown to all conconed, and was eaten. with the meat in which it was contained, and of which it formed a living constituent. The remnants of sausage and :of pork employed in the manufiecture of the rostewurst (the dish which formed the third course of the dinner) were examined with the microscope, and found to be literally swarming with encap suled trichirme, or fleshworms. From the suffering muscles of several of the victims esmall pieces were excised, and under .the microscope found charged with embryonic trichirm in all stages of development. It 'could notboe doubted any longer that as many of the 103 as had partaken of the rostewurst had been infected with trichinous disease by eating of trichinous pork, the parasites of which had,' at least in part, escaped the ef fects of smoking and frying. This awful catastrophe awakened sympathy and fear throughout the whole of Germany. Most of the leading physicians were consulted in the interest of the sufferers, and some visited the neighbourhood where most of the afflicted patients remained; but none could bring relief or cure. With an obstinacy unsur passed by any other infections or parasitic disease, trichiniasis carried its victims to the grave. If it be remembered that one ounce of meat, filled with trichinao, may form the stock from which, in a few days, three mil lions of worms may be bred; and that these worms will destroy, in the course of a few weeks, not less than. two millions of striated muscular fibres--an idea of the extent of destruction produced by these parasites can be formed. Most educated people in Germany have, inconsequence of the Hettstadt tragedy, adopted the law of Moses, and avoid pork in any form." The writer of the valuable article, from whliich the above are merely ox tracts, concludes this important communica tion in the following words:-" As it would be useful if the medical profession, as the natural guardian of the public health, were to0put people on their guard against eating pork in an underdone condition, and other wise than in the form of thoroughly boiled or roasted meat, we propose to our readers to use the word ' fleshworm' for popularly designating trichinro. The word seems to express to some extent the horrors of the disease." There are accounts of the out break' of the same disease in other parts of .Germany. The fleshworms are not killed by salting, smoking, or freezing the meat in which'they exist, therefore these processes must not be trusted to as a protection from possible poisoning by eating of such moat. Indeed, so far as our present knowledge goes, the only manner of preparing pork so that it may be eaten with moderate safety is to eithoir boil or roast most thoroughly every atom of it. It is believed that either of these processes, if perfectly done, will kill: the fleshworms should they already exist in the pork. Fleslhworms undoubtedly exist in a large number of Irish and other pigs, and they are believed to be due in great part to the filthy way in which these animals are kept. These fleshworms have been found on some few occasions, I believe, in other meats; and their possible existence in all meats should lead to the careful observance of the only safe protection of thoroughly boiling or roasting every particle of meat; eating of undor-cooked or raw pork, in any form, is undoubtedly the cause, in almost all cases, of the.development of another loath some disease, .viz., tapeworm; and for this reason also such food should never be taken. A?n AWKWARD JOKE.--A German journal gives the following account of the disa greeable consequences attending a practical joko :-A young student of the University of Prague, Baron Charlos de Klaversberg, when on his way to Vienna, towards the end of last month, stopped for the night at the Black Eagle Hotel, in the small town of Aretstadt, near Banslau, in Bohemia. Hav ing been requested by the landlord to inscribe his name in the travellers' register, the young gentleman lhad the imprudence to write is the column headed "Object of the journey," the words, " To blow out his brains." The landlord, without reading, what the Baron had written, sent the book to theburgomaster in the evening in conformity with the police regulations. About ten o'clock, after the traveller had gone to bed, a soldier entered his room, drew his sabre, and sat down in a chnahby the bedside. On the baron's asking the .reason of this intrusion, the soldier re plied; ",I am sent hero to keep watch over you, .and shall be replaced in two hours by one of my comrades, who will be succeeded by others till ten o'clock in the morning, when you will be takeoi to Banzlau." ., As the soldier had said, the young baron was next morning put into a carriage and taken to Banzlan, where, by order of the director of police, he was examined by two physicians who .declared that he was not insane. IHe was, nevertheless, constantly watched by two sentinels, one of whom, in answer to his inquiry why hle was thus treated as a crimi nal, said, "because you declared yourinton lon to kill yourself, and his magnificence tcos re?. s/lflo,,) the burgomaster lhas urhidden kiciido under any protoxt what. Over." In spite' of all the baron could say in oxplanatioa ofhils joke, hoe was dotaine in close custody, and in due time brought to trial on the charge of writing what was im. moral in a publio rogler. Tho tribunal declared the offence fully established, and condemned the accused to a month,s impri sonmont, a fine of 200 florins, with all the expenses attending his arrest, custody, and trial.-Galigaani. INsTIscr or Houses.--I have said the horso knows his way home, candle or no candle, therefore I lot him find it for him self; and I will give this word of advice to nervous, inexperienced riders that they tako too much upon themselves when they stiatch at the bridle, as they often do. When you worry your horse by pulling at the curb-rein (the curb itself is altogether a wrong thing) you distract his attention from his proper business. Iois a better judgothan you can be as to the distance his nose should be from the road, so that he may see it to advantage. It is .quite a mistake to hold up. his head:' tihe darker the night, the more freedom you should give him. Besides this, the horse finds his way at night as much by the oear as by the eye. Even in broad day it is greatly by the 'hearing that he does so; and at night.the other senses are quickened when the perceptions of sight anie at fault. The horse, on an accustomed road, knows per fectly what sort of anl echo it is that should come from every well-known wall and fence -from the .boarding of a barn, or from the wall of a gravel pit-and he understands also the no-echo when the road runs by the side of an expanse of water. In a still winter's night sound travels twice its statute distance. So it is that, in such a night, the farmyard dogs will bay one another across the country at distances at which thunder is not heard. My horse it is likely, hears the bark 'of his own friend, the home dog, miles before his rider begins to listen for it. Then he is attentive to catch near sounds which tell him what is his eact distance from the ditch or hedge, on either side. The 'start of a rabbit in the wood, or the rustle of the sere-leaves in the hedge, when the weasel or the rat rushes up the steep bank, are notices to him of' his longitude upon the width of the road; and more to him than any other sound is the unceasing clink of his own four shoes upoft the gravelly road. This music of the shoes-the charm of .which is well understood by horsemen who are often homeward bound at night has more meaning in it than may be imagined by those whose experiences are not of that order. - If the sides of the road be soft-if they be heather or green banks the clink of the shoo on tihe hard road is, as one might say, an audible chart of the way, inost serviceable; for if once you diverge upon the spiungy sivard, even a stone's throw, it may be long before you get upon the beaten way home. This is not all ; there is ahother kind of guidance which is wel comen as often as it comes-and it comes often for the comfort of those who indeed are going right. This is what happens when ever the horse-shoe-the hind shoo 'most often-brings a gush 'of sparks from flint; for then I know that all is right so far, al though there may be flints 'perchance on the turf by the roadside, yet as these are not bedded solid they put forth no sparks. It is true the lightning flash, once and again, which shed a- flare for a moment upon the naked boughs and trunks of trees, may show a traveller his place; but not in the usefiil way that is done by the flint and steel of the horse's tread, which gives a good illumin ation over the entire width of the road. In a journey by. night the momentary glare of a flash of lightning, with its roll of thumder,. might be likened to the sudden waking-up of a'dreaded'conscience, showing a man, to his dismay, the. reality of the thing in the midst of which he stands; but now these sparks struck out of the road 'itself, are com parable to the whispered notices' of a good conscience, which if a man is moving amid perplexities-or is in the dark-seem to say to him-"'This is the way-go on thbrein." " A Dark Night's 'ide," in Good Woides. DESTarnorTIo OF Trun B'3 aitiE IE :.e E. WILLcAnts DYr FIRE, AND HEAVY" LOSS .OF IIrE.-- r.. ohn 'Alexander, ScOtt, the chief officer of the steamer Yeun Tz- Fee, 'has handed to "us'for publication the 'following particulars of the loss of the barque Jane E. Williams, by fire, on the 6th of February last. It."will'l'beseen that Mr. Scott and three seamen "werie the oily persons Whose lives were saved. Barque Jane E. Williams, 436 tons .register, from Liverpool Dedember 19, 1863, David Young, commander, bound to Shanghai with a cargo of of coals; put into'Holyhead1 on the 22rd; ship makiing a little water. Sailed again' on January 3, 1864'; bad very 'fine" weather 'until we got' cleari' of the Channel; when- we' experienced a' series of heavy gales for ten days off Cape Finisterre, when we then got'a finie northerly breeze. Passed Madeira on the 2nd Febru arj?;'and on the morning of the 5th, 'at 6 a m.,:. Teneriffe bearing' south-west ninety three miles, an alarm was' given that the ship was on fire, smoke issuing out of the stern and hatches. Got the boats out; and got bread and water, and all our effects into the long-boat. We, then stopped up every vent where smoke was issuing from, and made 'all possible sail upon the ship; wind south-east. 10 a.m., longboat stove in; obliged to cut her' off, as she was sinking with allour effects in her. Noon, increasing breezes and heavy squalls. Sunset, saw the peak rlther itldistinctly. 12 midnight, close to poi-'0rotiar . ' Shortened. sail, expecting tlio' fie tok'sep down until daylight. 2 am., 6tli, fi bi~olb out from the decks and ship's sidea when we' got indto the beats, it being impossible to temain on' boitd any longer. Captain andsiysdblf and six 'men in lifeboat, secoiid.nidte and six men izi jollyboat.' Lost sight of:jollyboat inimedliately after leaving the sbipi.' Pulled ii' sh'di 'DIaylight, founid the sdLi: 'bresiiing 'very hebivily on the shlioreo.' Pulledsnloarig 'th6e island for abdut fifteen mile's'to'try to find a'landifig 9.30 a.m., saw :a small'inlet,; whereo we thought the ivater was smooth. Pulled for it.'.After get ting close in, found the sea breaking very hoevy, and impiossible to turn 'the boat round. Captain gave orders 'to pull oulr coats off, which' we all did with one excep tion, when a very heavy sea broke over the boat, capsizmng her and throwing all hands into the water. Four reached the shore in safoty3; and four wore drowned. Boat and oars smashed into splinters on the beach. Drowned-Captain D. Young and three seamen. Bodies washed up since, and buried in the Protostant coemetery, in Oroto· va. Captain ton days in water,-Capo Argus. Wh a.tr enA ITra-rr.m ,ro W\nows ix Nwoaesr,.es-About a fortnight back u ai d. vortismoneot appeoured in the Sydney Morn ing Ihorald dor a lady managor or stlowar dose, to take the managemo nt of a olub in thbo ortherso distrIt, for whidh a small c?rsh deposit would be required in the way of so curity. Severl ladies answeorod the ad vortisemont, and two of them woro waited on by a gent represoenting himself as Mr. Smith-a partner in the great firm of Gordon, Smith, and Company, storekeepers, of Armidale. He wailed on the ladies separately, and having made inquiries rela tive to their respectability and qualifications, stated tO each the duties she would be called on to perform, the salary she was to receive, -£100 per annum, and a quarter share in the profits,-and wound up by drawing a graphic picture of the scenery surrounding the Australian Squatter's Club-her dee tined home in Armidaleo. His offer was nc copted, and a day was fixed upon for their start per Hunter liver steamer to Newcastle, on their way to their destination. The two ladies-one was advanced in years, the other was quite a young widow-woro.kept in.ig noranco of each other's engagoinient.' Ar rived on board the steanmer, they met the complaisant Mr. Smith, who most gallantly took charge of their luggage, and artfuilly contrived matters so that by consigning the older lady to the ladies' cabin and keeping the younger one on deck, neither was mado aware during the voyage of having a rival for the post. Arrived at the wharf of Now castle, the young lady was escorted first with her luggage to an hotel in the neighbour hood, and after doing this Mr. Smith hur ried back, apologised to the 'elder lady for his temporary absence; then, with impor turbablo composuro gave orders for remov ing her luggage to another hotel, to which ho accompanied her. Having delicately seen to her comforts being provided for, ihe walked back to the hotel whe he he had left the young lady and took up his quarters there. He thou proceeded to point out to her the dangers of travelling on the Great Northern road-the probability of encoun tering bushrangers on the road- -and sug gested that as a precautionary measure, merely, she should commit to his safe keep ing the money or jewoelery she had in her possession, until finally installed as manager oss of the Great Northern Squatters' Club Putting on a business air she told him if she considered further security desirable she would exchange her money for a.banker's draft. Mr. Smith assumned an air of injured innocence, and protested that he made the suggestion only fronm a desire to protect her property. He then posted off to the older widow and made the samn reprbsentation to her; but'Widow No. 1, being avery strong uninded woman, was quite capable of taking care of her money and herself too, and told Mr. Smith so. He soon became convinced that he had failed in his scheme to become custodian of the ladies' purses. He returned to the younger lady in; a refloective mood, and, whilst promenadingin tihe balcony, his eye encountered the form of the vigilant in spector of police at Newcastle, when he sud denly recollected some forgotten business, and seizing his hat,'hurried off in search of an imaginary horse he said he had left 'at 'Wallsond;-and since that time Mr. Smith has not been. heard of; it is supposed that he skedaddled::by that evening's steamer to Sydney. The strong-minded widow. getting uneasy about his absence, called at his hotel next day, and seeing some of the young widow's luggage,!' marked " Mrs. - , Great Squatters' Club, Armidalo," demanded to see Mr. Smith, but learnt that he had not been seen since the previous day. She then demanded an intetview with the owner of the luggage- lhor rival in the management of the Groat Northein Club. The ladies l met and explanations ensued; they 'congratu lated themselves on their fortunate escape from the duplicity of a designing scoundrel. Enquiries were made by telegram to 'Armi, dale respecting the old established firm of Gordon, Smith, and Company, 'as also to the. exact locality where the' Great Northenoi Squatters' Club was situate, and it was` as: ,certained that neither of them have " a local: habitation br a name." We should seriously put all iespectable females on their: guard against such desigiing swindlors as' Mr. Smith, vwho has played.so prominent a part in our story.-Abridged from the Newcastle Chronicle. ExTrAonaibARY BnRAcac or Paomsc.es ' AnnY-£1400 DAMA?os.-At the 'Warwick assizes, on Thursday, a trial for breach of promise,was heard before Mr. Justice Black burn. Charlotte Emma Blackham,; daughter' '6f, M'r. Blackhani, pin manufacturer,: Bir mingham, was the plaintiff; and Mr. Thos. Pratt,' thimble maker,' of the same 'place; was the defendant. The defendant is about' sixty years of age and the plaintiff twenty three. The defendant was in tho.,habit of calling 'at plaintiff's house uponi bisiiess. In 'February 1863 he desired to have some private conversation with the plaintiff, and after toelling her he desired to marry. her, Mrs. Blackham was consulted. The de fendant said lie wished to become the'suitor of her oldest daughter if there was no objees tion on the part of her parents.. He ac knowledged he was rather old, budt, to counterbalance that, he said he was worth. between £7000 and £801)0. The defendant after that was received as the suitor of the plaintiff, and continued to' visit heer, daily,. walking her out, and iutrodiicing.her to his' friends as his future wife., In 'Apiil defenid ant told Mrs. Blackhai' that hi'.faimily had' objected to his marryig tlep'laintiff, n con sequen0ce of the disparityin thoir ago. Mrs. Blacklidiin' advised the defendant under.those circumstances, at once. td"o give up thea:'c: quiintance, to 'which' the dofondant eieodple , " Oh, thdt is more "thai I'can behr. It is nothing to do with my family. I hav w?orked hard for ny money, and they have lready hiad their share. I am quite at liberty to- marry, and I shall please myislf about it." The- defendant beciame :miore than ever attentive"to tie plaintiff, and in MIay he said.he sehould like to be mritried at once and in the early party of Juno he said he: would' give the plaintiff one thousand upon .the'day of her wedding, and, in addi tion to that, he:should spend six hundred on his country residence, to makle hler happy and comfortable. At the samen time hemade the plaintiff a present of a gold ring, which, however, was too small. He took it bhck, and said the ring lie bought her should be hler wedding-ring. The defetdant continued to be very attentive to the plaintiff until Sop tomber last, lwhen he requested to hlave ae interview with her mother. He then in formed hler that, hlo shoull not be able to e his promeise in conscoceleolo of his daughter's opposition to tie mrriego, ae aie fothl hit if leo got married ihoe woull never enter bin hoone, and sie would neot allhorw him to visit hero. Mr., Blakhaitmni ro. monetratod, and rueelnded him of his pro. mwloa, 'Iho dofenaunt sali~ ho was very sorry but he had dotermined never to mnrry the plaintiff.il Mrs. Blacklhan was culled and corroborated thile abovo statonont. In reply to lMr. Ser:jeant O'Brien, she stated that the dofoidaint did not look so old last year as lie did that day in court, whoereupon the defendant, an old-looking man, amidst the laughter of the court, said-" What 'muses you ; I suppose I look older now than when I proposod to your daughtor ? " Wit ness: "YTou look years older."-In answer to Solrt. O'Briou, the witness stated that the defendant presented her daughter with the ring in August. The defendant, in a very excited manner, said he never gave a ring; she took it from his finger.-Tho plaintiff, a woll-dressed young" lady, hero rose and said, "that was another ring." (Renewed laughtor.)-Tho learned judge: Weo cannot allow oither the elaintiff or defendant to ap pear in this 'cso.-Yeordict for tho.llaintiff, damages u£400. PETirOLEUM FOR STE'Ir FurEL.-Full ad vices have lately boon received of the results of the inquiry of the coimissionoris ap pointed by the American governmont with regard to the use of petroleum for stoamers. A process for adapting this oil for stoim fuel was patented by Shaw and Linton,. of Phila dolphia, and it was upon the article as manufactured by them that the examination was made. The commission consisited of threo persons, including tlhe cliiof engineer of the United States Navy, and their inves tigation extended over five months. They were instructed to report "the relative evaporative powers 'of the oil as compared with anthracite coal, the practicability.of its use, if unattended with danger, and to set forth its advantages if any." As regards evaporation the reply was that it is 103 per cent. superior in power to the' anthracite coal, while the time required for generating steam to 20 lb. pressure was only 28 minutes against 60. The commissioners accordingly recommended the secretary of the navy to introduce the oil on board one of the go vornment steamers, to determine practically its economical officiency.' The advocates for its introduction contend that in a vessel like the Cunard steamer Persia the saving, tak ing into account the smallor space required and all other advantages, would amount to £2400 each trip. ,Experiments on a large scale, it is added, will speedily be made with an ocean steamer by a company to whom the present patentees are about to transfer their rights. In addition to tile discovery. of. ox tensive deposits of the oil in Southern Rus sin, large quantities are alleged to have been found on the Pacific in.California. The cal culations. as to economy, however, seem to have been based on the assumption that the price would remain as now after the increase of demand, and also upon the cost of coal in America and not in England. Should the results, it is added, "equal what may be fairly anticipated,' steam navigation will be revolutionized. A war steamer with oil fuel could hold the sea thrice as long as now, and lines of.commercial communiication now too far apart, from the difficulty of carrying sufficient coal,,'would then be. formed with case. Direct lines from New York 'to Aus-. tralia and. between California' and China would be of. easy accomplishment."-Timds. PnIVILEoEs or PRLx~ A 'rT-.-In the year,, 1704, several persons who claimed to be freemen of the borough of Aylesbury, were crefusadl:the privilege of voting at an election for amember of parliament, and brought an actiohnagainst the returning officer for the penalties the law 'imposes in such cases. The House of Comnmons, conceiving this ap peal to the courts' to be an invasion of their' privile`ges, passed an order declaring it to be' penal in either judge, or counsel,,or attorney, to assist at their trial.' The lord chief justice (Holt) and several lawyers, were,'not withstanding, bold ronoigh to disregard the !ordei, and proceeded with this action in due course. "The HousO, extremely offended at this contempt of their order;, sent the ser goeant-at-armis to command the judge to ap pear before them, but this resolute adminis trator of the laws refused to' stir an inch from his seat. On this the Commons sent a second message by their Speaker, attended by a great many :of their members. After the Speaker had delivered his 'message, his lord ship replied to him in the following memora blo words:-" Go baek"to your chair, Mr. Speaker, within these five minrutes, or you may depend on it, 'I'll'send you to Newgate. You speak ofyoiur authority ! But I tell you I sit here as an interpreter 'of the'laws, and a distributor of justice ;' and. were .the whole 'House of .Commons in your belly, I would not stir one foot." The Speaker was pru dent 'enough to withdraw, and, the House with equal pru ltnco lot the matter drop. . Cr?k Acn FERa-T;- Last" wek,. a' party were ferreting rabbits in a .moorland dis trict. A. strong yellow ferret, unmuzzled,' was put into what seemed a promising bur row,' when almost immediately an unusually loud rtimbling.noise was .heard that put the shooters in 'a state of. high expectation. Then came a sounid of suffering, unlike any thing from thoerabbit tribe, and by-and-bye a huge cat, struggling' violently, gained the mouth of the burrow, hold.back by 'the for 'ret,whicl'. had fastened its teeth firmly be hind, the cat's oar. Once clear of the burrow the'tiit.yelling.qiith pain, tossed itself about i 'such a way .as to shake off its game little o?iiiesit, but'ofcourse only to fall into the line of the guins.. Itwas a huge beast, hav ing: grown n?aohrly twice' the size of a tame cat.iiece it lhad 'left the d~omestie hear'th to lieo'on pray it ihe burrows. Any' one look ing at the two animals would have fancied that thie' ait could' kill the ferret ii a few sdconds.?-Ayr Advertiser.. 'NEW Usis pr' IoloIm.u-From the spe ciiictiolron re?eatly issued, .of a patent by Professor ',Holmadn of London, we learn thiat an sliow olouring 'iih'ttor, which d~oes silk' atfd 'wool of a bddutiful biolet, blue violet 'o redviolet tint,' has bien producedd' hby the application of the 'iodino eitracted from seaL-weed.' It had long been tlought, that if iodine could be used as a colouring substance it" would" be one of the most poweorful' known. The patented process consists of mixing in certain proportions the substance called rosanilino with the iodidos of othyl, mothyl, or amyl. This dye may be used in the samo mannor as the anilino colours, and is already in the hands of practieal poplo in sill thre manufacturing districts, and bids faiir to be "the colour" of the soc cn. The'I use of iodineo its a disin fetlor lias also boon noticed bIy l)r. Rliohard nor, who stateos that ledhiio, plueod in ai usiiIll box with a perlforated lid, is ai good mtiltens of dletroying olrgi tlls poison i r oomsl, l)inrhtg the llte lildenllilo eitsull.pox in Lou. don hIre lias soon ite i eU'itIIhod rOued wihl hbexot.-hox'cuntile Advortlhor. Trnr FEMALE AUCTIONEcRS. - A 'most singular circumnstansce occurred on Monday last, which has created no little seosation among tile citizens of WVatch- coto, Fails worth. An agent from America has hooe in the neighbourhood collecting young women (factory operatives) to take over the broad Atlantic to work in the cotton mills of that country. The agent seems to have liad no diflleulty in raising the full complomont, for largo numbers of applicants have been refiused. Not less than 200 blooming young lasses left Noewton and Failsworth on Monday last, and a large con course of friends and relations were assembled on the road side, watching thei merry groups pass hlohg to talke their departure from Victoria Station. Amongst those who wont to talo a long farowell of her friends was a Mlrs. -- (20); the be loved-wife of a blacksmith.. Her hitubanid was working from home, near Audonshaw, and, having no children, she thought there was no harm in leaving home for an'hour or two to see her friends and companions take their'departuro to the "far west." Whilst walking aud clhatting with the emigrants lshe more than once expressed a dHesire to go with them. At'length the American agent overheaord what she said, and, seeing that she was a promising, healthy-looking young woman, he tapped her on the shoulder and proposed to py hlier passage along with the rest. She at first hesitated on account of having no change of clothing; but one female offered to lend her a cheonise, and another a dress, if she thought proper to accompany them. The . day was fir advanced, and little time to consider, but at length she proposed to the agent' to return homo, prpare hlier own outfit, and lie at Victoria Station to go along with the rest, if ho would stand to his promise. Having made the agreement, she started off to the Watch-coto, and summoned lero neigh hours to attend an auction sale at lier own house, at half-past throo that afternoon. The novelty of the announcoment drew' a large concourse of people at the appointed time, and in the absence of a licensed auc tioneer, she mounted the rostrum, and dis pensed the goods and chattels at the fall of the hammer, in a manner worthy of the celebrated Robins. So quick was she in the despatch of business that she had the whole effects converted into money in time to talcke the half-past four o'aloclr'bus to Manelhes tor. Whilst the sale was going on she dos patched a messenger to the pawnshop at Newtown Heath to pledge her husband's best boots, and to redeem :her best Sunday dress with .tho money. , This was done, and she had a surplus over.. To show a little sympathy for her husband, she loft him, the bed, atthrob-logged stool, four muftins,: and a ragged bone, the romnant of the last Sunday's dinsner, and. a wooden skeower. Sheo packed up her apparol in a rickeltty old trunk, 'which she bound tight with the bed cord, and having given the same in cliargo to Bob, the guard, shoe tool an inside fare, bdwed her acknowledgments to her numerous purchasers, and bade farewell to the Watch coto; As the wheels of the omnibus rat tIed odvai' th pavement she, was cheered for her indomitable spirit 6brthe -sstrrtllidinul-. titude, and she pulled off her ring' and flung it into the street, with a request that it might find its way back to him who first bestowed it atthse matrimonial shrine. She arrived in time at the station, and most probably she is now gliding over the bosom of the Atlantic. When the husband came home at night he was somewhat talken by surprise at beholding the bare walls and all the 'furniture "mizzled," oxcept the threo legged. stool, upon' which sat a bouncinnig young woman, who had formerly lodged with them.' She had mado a good fire with the few coals that were loft, and after de tailing to him, tho whole programme of the proceedings she offered to wear the vacant ring, and ascend the vacated throne, if lie. would consent to become hoe loving conisort. Poor Vulcan, homwever, ; onsidered that he had suffered enough by his false and fickle Sarah, and that he ought to consult his father before accepting such. a proposal. Taking the advice of his aged' parent, he spurned the lovely' nymph- who aspired to, become " Ciink" the second, gathered up tlh muffins and the mutilated remains of the Sunday's dinner, toolk 'up his bed, the stool,' and.the toothpick, and' rotiiined to the houseb of, iis father, to re-enjoy, if possible,;' a'statb of single blessedness.-Oldham 'Chronicleo': TnE HoRiOns :Or BE EL., --Whilst Samul1 Wright has gorie beyond the reach of earthly compassion or human hate, and the prison eartlh is pressed upon hisl dishonoured ashes, tlhe-assa'ssin Townley hasibeanen transferred to the home of madmen: '"We haveo not hesita teod to remark upon the piocess'by which, for the present at least, grace' was procured for the Derbyshire assassin i: but yet lot no one suppose that a' life of pardon on the plea of imbecility is one of ease. No object is more familiar to Londoners, on the south side of the river .especially,' than the cupola of that edifico,, which is .vulgarly styled "Bedlam," but few interiors," so-far as the incarcerated criminal subjects are concerned, are more jealously guarded. ' The lofty, iron railings, the trim shrubberies, the quiet, clean, res pectable men and women,: passing to and fro, suggest little of the horror within., Not that the old- fashioned ideas of a maddhouse are realised to: the visitor. :He sees no manacles, strait-waistcoats,, whips, gags or whirling chairs; he listens to no shrieks or groans; yet he beholds in thie criminalward -niot only in Bethlehem, but. everywhoro else-a sombre monotony, an aspect of seclusion, an utter isolation from the world of action, and hopes, and independence out side, which will' seem terrible indeed when he remombers that for the inmate' whom the nmeroy of the crown, has 's~oiled those doors will neveropen,' oxcpt '?'hen' 'the bearers wait to carry 'his lody to 'tlio dead house. The "brazen, brainless- brothers''of Cibber havo seldom lept' waiitch over a. mro forlorn creow than the criminal inmates of a lunatic asylum. 'The worst okemples.of frorezied guilt howl and fret away their days and nights behind thick' iroei gratings. Their feaces are hidous, their voices inldman; degradation is oxhibited in their every action and gesture. The worst punishmont of a mcan who escapes the gibboe on account of foigned or inferred'insanity is, that lie must live bo noath, the snameo roof with those brutnlised monstors; that heIo must be treated, ini his dugire, as omuo of thems ; thait, like the insus i tile iron mo aselr, hIis id'entity In for over illhcuodl; thiat he luist trot lhe suinllod or poilnted ollt to asly visitor I that lie ulllslit be hbldlin and furgotltol b1y tle soolety hIe hlss utriaguld; t and thsat, ssdsr no s cirulultintucosu , wlholior his ronoau Lo msound or dsioandi, uan he again see the daylight of life. He may rave, he may plead a restoration of sanity, ho may brood over the past and gaze in despair at the total l)lank of the future; but there he is, unless the casoe be very excep tional, once for all, and he will never, upon this earth, he anywhere else. Moreover, it is a roenrlkable fact, that nearly all criminals who are in fact, and not theoretically, luna tics, are possessed by decided homicidal tendencies. Should a man have imposedc upon the Home office a belief in his irres ponsibility, it can be no luxury for him to be thrust among thirty or forty murderers who are also madmen, and who restlessly pace their prison ward like wild boasts in a don, and amid whom the stranger may not pass unless one or more giant warders be in close attendance upon him. Of course there are varieties among these mblancholy: captives. Theor are men of culture and refinement who, unddr the fatal affliction of insanity, have perpetrated deeds of bloodshed afterwards to bo, in lucid intervals, remembered with in describablo anguish. There are,' again, illiterate and humble creatures, who, after conmmitting the crime which brought them there, seem, by an immediate tfansition, to become the meeookest and least offensive beings on earth, though always childish, helpless, and irrational. Thease unlfortunates play at billiards, bagatelle, and choss;iroad books, mako sketches, work upon simple tasks of sculpturo, delight. in tame birds and mice, and own to their' demented condition,. if questioned kindly. ,But, apart from them wander nervously the morose assassins, conscious that they deserved the gallows, knowing thoemselves to have boon responsible wvhen stooping over the corpses of their victims, pronounced mad by human mercy, and suffering an incessant moral tor ture in the cold routine around them, from which they are never to be delivered, except by death. It is true that theyno longer fear chalins or scourges, "baths of surprise," or whirling upon a wheel in a darrk room, or deprivation of food, air, and light; they are comfortably lodged, clothod,'and fed; they may, if well conducted, engage in light oc cupations and amusements; but they are treated as rebellious children in a penal mursery; they are no longer men, but pup pots, and their control over their own actions' has ceased 'for lifeb Thoro are men, now in custody as criminal lunatics whom twenty, thirty, and oven forty years, of merciless' seclusion have cut off from associations .with their species; and though in physical health' nominally cheerful, and anxious to conceal their misery from strangors, it is impossible. to glance at thoeirifaces, wearing a mask of gaiety upon their despondent remorso, with out agreeing that the great philanthropist -Foward wias right when hlie exclaimed, " The dead are not more. awful to seo ? "-Man chestor Examiner. Novrn M?reTn uOr O uaICo MEA'r.-iThe Admiraltyare making expoeriments with a procoss 'devised by an Irish gentleman-Dr. Morgan, Shortly before the last mail: loft England some animals were slaughtered, and their careasses subjected to the now pro coss at her Majesty's Victualling' Deopat mont, Deptford. A bullock 'having .been slaughtered1 in the usual way, the chest was immediatoly opened,_and a metal pipe with a 'stopcock inserted i' dn'oneeti .n with the artorial system. The pipe was conbidoted- by moans of elastic tubing with a tub filled with brine placed at an elevation of about twenty feet abovo the floor. The stopcoclk being turned the brine forced itself through the arteries of the aninial,' and, passing through the capillaries, flowed back through the' veins, carrying with it all the blood, nitlting its exit by' means of an incision pro vided bor that purpose. About six galldns of brine thus passed through the body, washing out Fall tho blood from the vessels. The metal pipe was then connected with another tube. smilarly placed: containing' the preser vative ihaterials to'be injected, and at the same time their exit after traversing the body was prevented. On communication being made, the liquid became 'forced into the vessels, and by means rof the pressure it. penetrated into every part oftho animal, and might.be. 'seen. exuding at' any point, where an iieison was made. ' The liquid used con sisted of six.gallons and a half .of brine, ten lbs. of sugar, three-quarte?:lb. of- saltpetre, with half a. bottle of ketchup, and an infu sion of'icloves and popper. i Tho whole pro cess is very rapid, and,is mxtremely simple, requiring nothing that can be termed machi nory.. In three minutes the.vessels of the aminhal,were ;washed out, 'in about three. minutes .more the .preservative liquid was injocted, and. in twenty. minutes, from the killing the 'process "of infiltration was, com pleted.; 'The .boast is thei skinined, cut 'up into pieces, large or . inall, and taken to a, drying-rdomn whore it is hung uintil throughly dried, owhn it' is packSed in boxes' with saw dust and charcoal. Itise confidently believed that mnat cured iii this manner will stand any climate. Apurveyor at Portsmouth has adopted the process with success, and sells the meat so prepared in the regular course of trade. A ship's company supplied with the implements and ingredients could carry out the process at any place whore animals were procurable, and thus lay in a stock of meat more wholesome than that preserved in brine-pickle.' In hot climates the drying might be effected in the open air'or in a room easily arranged on shore or on board. The meat may be'dried or cured like hlam or bacon if desired;' indeed, the new method secorns peculiarly fitted for the purposo; and its simplicity, with the facilo adaptation of thes implements, invite a trial in any country or colony wherethe supply of animals and the demand for preserved meat are such as to encourage the utmost proliciency in the curative process. We have reason to know that the govern Inent have for some months past been in communication with an American tobacco plantor, with the view of re-introduction of tobacco planting in Ireland. It has been demonstrated that the failure of tobacco planting in 1827-8 arose not from nusuita bility of our soil or climate, but solely from wantof skilled knowledge. Tlhogovernment hlave 'expressed their desire that tile present prohibitory law should be repealed; but, as yet, nothing dfinito heas beeoon decided on. Irish Farler's GOazette. Esrmsaiisxo.-Tieho individual who at tempted to raise colts from horso.chestnuts went into the martket the otlher day and isquired for a mooekc.turtle, to ilake mock turtle soup of. "Doctor, what will cure a man who has boen hugod?" said a wench to a young utdlco by waiy of banter, "'?Salt is the uwt thhn I know of,? ro llotd 11iinopratos, 