OUR CONDITION AND PROSPECTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ABOUT. SIR-I cannot suppose for a moment that you consider your leading article of yesterday as a complete answer to my letter. It seems to me as if you had exhausted all your arguments, and would now try what a little sophistry will do to make a good case out of a bad one, and thus endeavour to persuade the public that, by simply removing the duties from tea, sugar, coffee, and rice, upon which we are now paying an average of twenty per cent., to other articles, at an average of ten per cent., would be the means of making the consumer pay £100 Instead of £140. But if so, the same argument will apply with much stronger force to the articles just mentioned, from which we collect twenty per cent'., for in that case we are now paying £215 for goods which ought to cost the consumer but £140 and jet you state that a duty of ten per cent is not sufficient to encourage the colonial manufacturer. But if your figures are correct, surely goods which at present cost £140, by adding ton per cent, are made to cost £216. There must be large local profits somewhere, and would amount to a prohibi- tion. But we have not advocated anything of the kind. I am quite prepared to prove that if we collect at the Customs revenue at an average of ten per cent. from the same kind of articles the raw material of which we have in the colony, than, taking into account the cost of shipping the goods home and out, such as freights, interest of money, carriages, and commissions, it will more than counter- balance the amount we have to pay for extra wages, &c.; Only give us the opportunity, and time will test the worth of my statement. The experience of other countries has clearly shown that such would be the case. I have never used the word protection in any speech or letter of mine, and it appears to me that a good deal of ignorance prevails as to its meaning. A correspondent in your issue of the 29th ult. asks what is the mean- ing of protection. Then he tells us that "protection means monopoly, scarcity, deafness and a fluctuating market. It means that by on Act of Parliament the consumer is obliged to pay dearer at home than he can import from abroad; that legislative enact- ment shall be tampered with in such a manner that food, clothing, and all the necessaries of a civilized people shall be enhanced in prices But it is well known by all who have paid attention to the subject that I have never advocated additional taxation and if WJ could only do without revenue, there would be no need of duties at all. But as no one has ever yet foolishly attempted to show that the government can be carried on without money, then it is our duty to endeavour to raise it in such a way as will be the least detrimental to the country, and so as to promote its true interest. We are now collecting revenue from beer and cigars, which must be admitted to be a benefit to the colony, inasmuch as it employs both labour and capital, and keep some of the money in circulation here which otherwise would go elsewhere and if it is an advantage to collect it from such articles, would it not be an advantage to add others to the list? Those who do not entertain these views ought, in consistency, to advocate the entire removal of the duty on tobago and cigars, and turn the 20] boys now employed by Mr. Politz and others into the streets, also these employed in the breweries, while the gentlemen who have embarked their capital in such and similar concerns should either turn their attention to import- ing or else leave the colony. The real questions at issue are as clear as the light and if those who do not see the matter clearly would not investigate it with a mind free from prejudice, we cannot but feel a conviction that they would come to a satisfactory conclusion, similar to our] own. But those who, frightened by the ghost of protection, write against us appear only to mystify the matter, instead of showing wherein we may be wrong. To brie g the matter in the smallest com- pass, I would once more respectfully ask any gentleman in the colony to answer the following questions . 1\. As we require a revenue, which is pre- ferable to raise it from articles which would encourage native manufactures, and thus supply employment for capital and labour in the colony, or from those articles which would discourage our own productions? 2\. What are we to do with our youths? I remain yours respectfully, July 1. C. J. JENNER. [We subjoin our calculation, for Mr. Jen- ners benefit. Every student of the free trade controversy in England will readily recognize both the arithmetic and its application. We pretend to no discovery in one of the most settled of the economic sciences; and we can pretend, therefore, to very little originality either of argument or illustra- tion] : RATE OF ADVANCE OF GOODS DUTY FREE. Amount of invoice at part of exportation £100 0 0 Importer's advance, twenty per col t., on £100 . 200 0 Cost to the retailer .... £120 0 0 Retailer's advance, twenty per cent., on £120. 24 O a cost to the consumer .... £14 O 0 RATE OF ADVANCE OF GOOD) SUBJECT TO THE TBn. CENT. DUTY. Amount of invoice at port of exportation £100 0 0 Duty at ten per cent, on £100 .... 100 0 Extra store work .... .... 5 0 0 215 0 0 Importer's advance of twenty per cent. on £115 . 23 0 0 Cost to retailer £133 0 0 Retailer's advance of twenty per cent, on £183. 27 12 0 Cost to consumer RATE OF ULTIMATE ADVANCE OF GOODS LIABLE TO TBX rtR CENT. DUTY, OWING TO QEVEBAIi MSB IN PRICE. Amount of Invoice at port of exportation £100 0 0 Duty at ten per cent, on £100 10 0 0 Extra store work. 5 0 0 215 0 0 Importer's advance of thirty per cent. on £116. 31 100 Cost to retailer £110 100 Betallcr's advance of thirty per cent, on £140 10s. .. _. 44 17 0 Cost to consumer .... £104 7 0 TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir, Accept my thanks for the prominence afforded to my letter in your issue of Wednesday. I am induced one more to claim your indulgence, feeling, as I believe most freetraders do, that this question, once raised, should be well ventilated. From such a controversy as that taking place just now free trade has nothing to lose, but, on the contrary, everything to gain for so far as Mr. Jenner and the lesser lights of protection have gone, I am decidedly of opinion that they have unconsciously been arguing well on the side of free trade. You have so well disposed in your leader this morning, of Mr. Jenner's latest attempt to prop up the League, that I need not dwell on the ludicrous manner in which that gentleman endeavours to prove that he has the approbation of the country. My present purpose is to suppose that the millennium of protection, has arrived that the obstinate freetraders are overcome at lost, and the fiscal arrangements of the colony handed over to Messrs. Jenner and Co. Let Mr. Jenner who, for the nonce. Commissioner of Customs, and his satellites, of course, installed in positions where their wonderful intellects may have scope to work for their country's benefit. In the first place, to be perfect, the proton tive tariff must of necessity be prohibitory, for if a certain rate of duty is levied on imports and we still report, there is no protection. And, of course, It will be necessary to protect every producer in the colony, since it would be a manifest injustice to raise tire value of one man's produce, and not another's in the same ratio. For instance, If imported cloth- ing and boots are levied upon at the rate of 10 per cent., among other articles imported flour and grain must also be taxed in the same proportion for if not, we should drive our farmers either into the Insolvent Court or one of the colony. But let any one propose to levy a pro- hibitory duty on corn, c, and see what an outcry it would raise among the consumers of that article; and taking for instance, the present state of the flour market, when we are anxiously looking to foreign countries for a supply to lower the enormous prices ruling just now, what would be the consequence if a duty of this sort was in existence on our tariff? Yet, if we are to have protection, the farmer is one of the first who should participate in its benefits; for it will be allowed that the agricultural interest of every country is of paramount importance. But though it is easy enough to "protect" the agriculturist, how would Mr. Jenner manage with the miner? Will protection raise his gold above the standard of £1 per ounce ? I shall be glad if Mr. Jenner can show how he would get over this little difficulty. It appears to me that the adoption of protective duties is practically a tax on the miner-that in fostering his industries, Mr, Jenner would strangle our greatest producing interest. Our gold-fields would be depopu- lated by such a measure. At the present time reefs in some districts can be worked at a profit, while others, situate elsewhere and producing the same rate of gold, are lying idle. And why? Because of the difference in the cost of living and it is a well-known fact that miles upon miles of auriferous ground is now untouched, which if the caste living could be reduced would afford remunerative employment to thousands. It seems to me, then, that what we want, to fully develop our resources, is less taxation, instead of seeking to place an extra burden on our shoulders. The protectionist is fond of saying, that this colony is like a young child, am must be helped along. Would it not be a strange way of helping a child along if it nurse first proceeded to tie a stone round its neck ? Yet this is precisely the operation the protectionist is desirous of performing to Victoria. Messrs. Jenner and Co. have held a meeting in Melbourne, at which they proudly asset 1,600 persons were present. They afterward visited Collingwood, and then went a Ion journey to that classic ground the " Pivot. I do not wish to question the assertion of the president, that the career of the League has hitherto been one of uninterrupted success: Those who read the daily journals can judge of this for themselves. But let the. agua as their president next transplant themselves I the gold-fields, and try the effect of the arguments on the diggers ; only let me give them a friendly warning to prepare before hand a safe and easy mode of exit, in case their place of meeting should got too hot I hold them. The diggers are won Harfull practical in their way and perhaps, after all it is wiser of the League to stay at home, an c tent themselves with addressing the "pu loins" of Collingwood. This League- this small clique of theories who are attempting to pass off among i their empty speculations have still? in taken their vocation. I doubt very much if u the vast taleutrepreseuted in their ranks can' find weight enough with the public to can even a desirable measure. Their programme reminds me very much of the various " prir ciples" enunciated by extra liberal candidate for Legislative honours?, printed in lar. capitals on the backs of their voting cards and wh-- so large promises are invariably to 1 regarded with suspicion. Though our political economists have g' as far as " monthly" in their list of reform they still stick at No. 1, viz, "Protection and I will venture to prophecy that, after the glorious work or doing nothing while I achieved by them in true style. In conclusion, I believe Mr. Jenner honest in his intentions, however wrong 1 may be in his conclusions. But he might well try and demonstrate that the angle formed by one straight line crossing au jth are not equal to four right angles as a deavour to prove that buying in the cheap: market is not the best policy for this cold and people. Yours respectfully, ALBERT L. TUCKER. No. 37 Swanston-street, June 30. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-I am a quasi protectionist, meaning thereby that while I admit the principle an I advantages of free-trade under certain cir- cumstance?, I am nevertheless of opinion that a large portion of our population being killed artizans, and who could produce many of the manufactured articles now imported,, could supply the colonial demand without increasing the present price of such articles to the consumer, in an import duty were placed on such productions of foreign manufacture. As an illustration, suppose a pair of English boots, of good manufacture, could be furnished to the colonial consumer at 10s., and suppose a colonial bootmaker to say, "I can supply an equally good article for the same money, but owing to excessive importations I cannot introduce my local manufactures in fact, the market is smoothed by foreign bootmakers, who bear none of the burdens of the colony, and who do not consume that which gives employment to my fellow colonists, who are tradesmen (and not producers of export), but which I do ; yet these foreign manufacturers gain all the advantages of the colonial market, while I hear the colonial burdens. Place a duty, say ten per cent., on these manufactures ; I can then undersell them. They would require 11s. to pay them. I would, of course, take care to keep the Is. of protective (not prohibi- tive duty between UP by selling at 10s. If I raise my price to the same as theirs, I will enter a field they could soon, as they do now, drive me out of. The result of this duty would be to transfer the producers from Great Britain and the continent to the colony, without increasing the cost of production.' Would there be any fallacy in his argument 1 I have read your very able articles on the subject of Protection v. Free Trade, and also the letters of your intelligent correspondents, "X. Y. Z." and "Free Trader." They have caused me to modify my opinions regarding protection very materially ; but I am not yet convinced of the universality of free trade doctrines, except under line circumstances. H. g" if Victoria was a large manufacturing for export country, like Great Britain, then I heartily agree to free-trade in its most extensive sense, But Victoria is not such, nor aught approaching it, for Bho canoes sapped] her own wants; and as logic says there are exceptions to every rule, and as it is anxious of experience that circumstances alter cases I must cling to my opinion, that a poet- active duty would give employment to our colonial tradesmen and manufacturers, without in creasing the cost of their manufactures t colonial consumers. I am open to conviction, however,. Let you well-read and logical correspondent " Free trader" prove that I am wrong from premise that I can admit, and I will no longer be a protectionist. Till then, I must remain the upholder of the rights of a COLONIAL MANUFACTURES. 