KAPHNDA. [Fromoar own_Oonespon<lent.l JCaonnda. November 12. The Rev. Mr. Russell, of Adelaide, delivered bis lecture on " Ghosts," at Chase's Assembly Rooms, on behalf of the Institute, .last Friday. The lecture was well attended, and interested those-present ■very much. The Mine Band played severa' pieces. The customary votes of thanks were moved and seconded, involving six speeches—a custom I am happy to see dispensed with in Adelaide, but raging here in full vigour, and occupying nearly or quite as much time as the lecture itBelf. The present Committee of the Institute deserve great credit fortbe-inteiest they have shown in gettinga supply of new books, a regular course of good lec tures, mid, best of all, for getting the building moved from the inaccessible region where it languishes at present to anewsite recently secured behind Mr. lewis's shop, in the main street. We have had la fortnight of incessant dust, caused by strong winds frequently from the north. Kapunda, November If. I have a chapter of accidents to record. Last Wednesday Mr. Sexton, of the Upper Light, going home, dropped out of hisdray, and the wheel passed over his body. He is recovering: On Friday a child of Mr. J. O'Hara went out of the house for a minute: with its-head, uncovered, and got a sunstroke. It is "now better. The same day Caroline, a little girl, daughter of Mr.; Feust, at Angas Park, was drowned in a waterhole. Dr. Tatlis held an inquest. Verdict, accidental death. Same day an infant daughter of Mr. Vogt, of Upper Light, fell into a bucket of water aha was drowned. It was only & twelvemonth Old. Dr. Tallis held an inquest. Verdict, accident. To day an inquest was held by Dr. - Blood, at the Clare Castle Hotel, on the body of | David Gardner, a young sailor, recently arrived, who broke. biB neck yesterday," near Bagot's Gap.' He went into the paddock to fetch some horses, and'mounted one without saddle or bridle,. Verdict, accident. On the 2nd of this month a dark brown horse, saddled and -bridled, was brought to the police, found the previous day grazing on the Gilbert side of Taylor's Range. Strange to say, a dark tweed coat and" waistcoat were found near the herse. The police have insti tuted enquiries and advertised in the Gazette, but without effect. In cases like this the policeshould be authorized to advertise ih-the o> her papers, as the Gazette is not much read iri the country, and an advertisement there is almost useless: It is & place where a man would hardly he lost, and some •mysteiyattachestoit."' .i Kapunda, November 16. On Sundaylast the anniversary services pi the Congregational Chapel commenced. The flev. Mr. Harcus, of Adelaide preached morning and evening to overflowing congregations. Next day a tea meeting was held at Mr. Crase's Assembly Room, followed by apublic meeting at the chapel, Mr. Smedley presiding. The Treasurer -read a report; showmg-that though they had adebtpf £70 on the manse, It was now cleared oft and they were quite free from all debtandhada balance in :hand. The weekly- voluntary offerings defrayedall current expenses. Rev. WVOldbam-referred tothe new preaching -Stations established at Bigot's W ell, Linwood, and Alma Plains, anil supplied regularly from fiieir chapeL: AH were flourishing, and the attendance «u each' averaged -about SO. He recommended thfe ■•purchase of a trap for the " use 'of those who : went , to preach, and would be: glad to receive subscriptions. Rev. Mr. Gordon, of' Gawler, delivered an excel lent address on family worship. Rev. Mr. Gibson, of Angastoh, -next spoke to theyouth of the congregation. - Rev. Mr. Allen, Bible Christian minister, and Mr. Pearce, on behalf of the Wes leyan< "whose minister was unavoidably absent congratulated the church on their prosperity, an on their taking a leaf from the Wdtieyan book in establishing oat-stations, which were much wanted, anddid-not interfere with: any other denomina tjon;a]soon the brotherly, rlove that had .always existed between the different bodies of Christiana here. They wished them God- Speed. ' The' pastor. Rev. Morgan Williarns, then-alluded to there lief he felt in havingthe bmden:<ff debtVemoved, and "enjoyed? JSC" th'arfed "Gdd Votesof thanks fto the,ladies,- the ministers and friends,and the Chairman, with 'the' doxology, concluded themeeting. • • : The Bishop-of .^Adelaide7 preached here, last Sunday on behalf of .Church Missions. <Jn-Tues day-a' public meeting was held at the- Masonic Hall—the Bishop in the chair. The Rev.; Mr. Andrews, ofJ Mitcham moved the first lesblntaon* which was carried—'"ThafBteps be fakentowards getting an annual contribution.in' this 'district" The rev. gentleman' pointed-out on maps the -groupof islands' occupied' by' "the - mission,' and gave an .ihterefetihg.«acc<mrit of ^tKe gopd Work effectedthere by Bishop' Battess h. The resolution was secondedby l&. Hugmis, with appropriate remarks. The Bev. Mr. J^tson. of Glenelg; pro posed, " That ^r8dns dhboM TOmhtar3y agree to raise'a certain sum." ' Secondedby 'the Tler. Mr. Sabine, and caxried. Several persons volunteered at once for the" object in view. During the evening the Chairman impressed on aH "the necessity of supporting Bishop Pattesori in the jereai' work he haaundertaken, ahd;Utated: thaitbeexpfehheof educating a yonthftom* ■one'bf dhe Islands mfhese cokvnieswould.he abont']£10 ;per annum,-arid he .would be'named'after'the placewhencefhe'sub ■8criptmncame."-V<rte8bfthiink8tb the ChaSman aoif deputation were proposed by'itr. White; and daly-carried;-' ::'"<•;;»*>—••» I am happy .to Say that 'the "Rev. "Mr. Ryan. V.G., ss-a little be tier/ though still in a precanous state. . • . ,iOn -Monday' last- a "Court-rf-Eevisibn was'held . by- Mr. AIann; wfaen*19 names were added to' the electoral roll. Several-Small fireB dccared in paddodcs to the west of the towgship on Wednesday, but fortu nately no verygr&t; damage Was done. 