A SCENE FROM HAMLET. Enter Ghost of the late Premier and his son Charles. Charles : Where wilt thou lead me ? Speak, I'll go no further. Ghost : Mark me. Charles : I will. Ghost : My hour is almost come, When I to sulphurous and tormenting flames, That nightly burn within th' Assembly's walls, Must render up myself. Charles : Alas, poor ghost ! Ghost : Pitv me not, but lend thy serious hearing To what I shall unfold. Charles : Speak, I am hound to hear. Ghost : So art thou to revenge, when thou slialt hear. Charles : What ? Ghost : I am thy father's spirit ; Doom'd for a certain term to walk the earth Amid the cheerless paths of Opposition, Till the gross blunders, done in my days of office, Are purg'd from public memory. But that I am forbid To tell the secrets of th' Executive, I could a tale unfold, whose lightest word "Would knock thee all of a heap ; astonish Thy weak nerves ; make thy two eyes, like stars, Start from their sockets ; thy curly tresses Laugh at the power of great Tricoplicrous ; And each particular hair to stand on end Like the grim spikes upon an area's rail ; But this eternal rumpus must not be To ears of flesh and gristle . — List, Charley, list, If ever thou didst thy dear father love — Charles : By jingo ! Ghost : Bevenge his foul and most unpleasant loss of office. Charles : Haste me to know it ; that I, with legs as swift As meditation, or the thoughts of dinner, May sweep to my revenge. Ghost : I find thee apt ; And duller shouldst thou be than the fat wench That roasts herself at ease by kitchen fire, Would' st thou not stir in this. Now, Charley, hear j 'Tis given out, that my defeat was caused By joining with the Tories ; so the public ear Is by a stupid and unfounded yarn Bankly abused : but know, thou noble youngster, The rascal that did turn thy father out, > Now lords it at the Treasury. Charles : O, my prophetic soul ! Geoff Eagar ! Ghost : Av, that conceited, that speech-making blockhead, With witchcraft of his tongue, and endless promises, (O wicked tongue, and promises, that have the power So to seduce !) won to his private purposes The votes of my most seeming wise supporters ; O, Charley, what a falling-off was there ! From Weekes, whose genius was of that dignity, That he could show a surplus where another Would only talk of deficits ; and to decline Upon a muff, of whose financial talents The less we say the better ! But soft ! mcthinks I hear the Speaker's hell ; Brief let ine be : — Taking it easy once, My custom sometimes, I'm asham'd to say, When lengthy tenure, and the sworn support Of many a purchased member made me feel Cock-sure of office for some years to come, Upon my secure liom this Geoffrey stole With juice of cursed twaddle in a speech, And in the porches of mine ears did pour The leperous distilment ; whose effect Holds such an enmity with human brains, That, quick as winking, Sir, it sends you off To sleep from which you wake not willingly ; So did it mine : the sad result you know ! For the vile crew, whom I consider' d safe, During my slumber, left me in the lurch, And voted, oh ye gods, against me ! Thus was I, napping, by this EaGAR caught, Of office, power, and pay, at once despatched ; Cut off, even in the blossom of my reign, Uncoated, disappointed, and unbreech'd ; And curtly told to send in my account For instant liquidation : O horrible ! Tf thou hast any gumption in thee, bear it not ; Let not the Treasury benches of the colony be A couch for humbug and incompetence. But, howsoever thou pursu'st this act, Keep thine eyes open, nor foolishly contrive Against the Premier aught ; leave him to me, And to the rod that I have got in pickle For his especial comfort. Fare thee well ! The papers shew the Session to be near And 'gin to sharpen their effectual quills : Adieu, adieu ! ! Pray, Charley, mind your eye ! — (Exit.) CHARLES : 0, all ye lamps in George-street ! O earth ! What else ? And shall I couple blazes ? 0 lye ! Hold, my hearty ; And you, my meerschaum, go not instant out But burn away like winking ! Mind my eye ? Ay, thou poor ghost, while I have got a copper Iii these half-empty packets. Mind my eye? Yea, from the ivory tablets that I carry I'll wipe away all trivial, fond records, All assignations, bets, and I.O.U.'s, That I have writ there in the last three months ; And thy commandment all alone shall live Upon its fair and smoothly polished faco Umnix'd with baser menu : yes, yes, by jingo. O most pernicious Geoffrey ! 0 roguey poguey, smiling, smirking Geoffrey ! My tablets — meet it is I set it down, That one may talk and talk and be a duffer ; At least it's clear it mav be so in Sydney : (writes. So, there you are, Geoff. Now to my word 5 It is, adieu, mid mind your eye ! Trust me for that. Enter Toil Garrett as Horatio and Dan Eg an as Marcellus. Dax : How is't, my noble Charley ? Toil : What's the news, old boy ? Charles : Would' t you like to know ? Tom : Tell us, like a brick. Charles : No ; you'd split. Tom : Not I, Charley, by Jove. Dax : Nor I, by jingo. Charles: There's ne'er a duffer, making speeches at the lemperance Hah, But he's a thundering jackass. Tom : We don't want a ghost, Charley, to tell us that. Charles : Well, perhaps, you're right ; And so, without our customary nobblers, 1 hold it fit we shake hands and hook it ; You, if you will, may to the devil go, As quick as e'er you like ; but for myself I'll go and pray. Tom : About the last thing one would expect, charley, Charles : I'm sorry you clon't believe me. Tom : No offence, Charley. Charles : Yes, by St. Patrick, but there is, Tom Garrett, And much offence, too, touching this vision here, My governor's ghost is up to snuff, you see, And knows full well what he doth talk about. For your desire to learn what is between us, Or what we have arranged to do as soon As Parliament assembles — choke it. There arc more tilings on earth, Tom Garrett, Than are dreamt of even in your Mercury. But come ! Swear that you never will, When the talk runs on politics, or when You meet in solemn conclave at the Vic. And chance to see me nobblcrising there, As oft doth happen in these summer heats, Shake yoiu' thick heads, or tip an artful wink, Or drop some doubtful and expressive phrase, As, "We know a thing or two" — or "What would you give to know" — Or " If we were at liberty to speak" — or " We'll see" — Or such ambiguous giving out, to note That you know all about it, when you don't. Ghost ( hi the cellar ) : Swear ! Charles : Go to sleep, old boy ! . So gentlemen, With all my love I do commend me to you : And what so poor a devil as C. C. Junior May do to serve you at a pinch, God willing, shall not lack. Let us cut ; My nose is out of joint, since I have lost The Clerkship that you wot of : 0 what a sell ! And what a time I'll have to wait before I get it back again ! Nay come, let's have a nobbier ! Exeunt. 