anllnisit nnd gm eiti qaut u1015. HIO-1E TALK. From the Ionra News,s. July S6. Iv the letter which is now "a month's dis tance" from this respected island (and it is respected, in spite of MIr Disraeli), I said that we were in a state of anxiety as to the ques tion of peace or war, and also that I should have some political news of interest for my July despatch. The war question was spee dily settled. Government decided that Eng land could not with propriety or expediency fight for Denmark.. The latter power had been originally in the wrong, though she had put herself right, and bad moreover rejected our last counsels. Added to this, we should have had no aid from France or Russia, and therefore that we should have been compelled, single- banded, to encounter all Germany. Lastly, it was represented that the American civil war might end at any moment, and the Federals might wish to expend their surplus military ardour upon us, and, therefore, as friends of Canada, we could not well afford, just now, to be friends of Denmark. That question was settled, and you will learn that war was resumed, that helpless Denmark asked for peace, that hostilities are now sus pended, and that we wait to hear the terms of treaty, Prussia in the meantime behaving in the most oppressive and barbarous manner to the unhappy Danes. Vie victis ! The great rifle meeting at Wimbledon I think interested people as much as any topic of the month. It has been a great success, and it has shown that year by year the men of England are becoming more and more at tached to the splendid weapon which science has placed in their hands. It is a fine thing to see an astounding feat by some of the ac somplished shots who give all their time to practice, but it is far finer to see hundreds come up who can give only their leisure to the rifle, but who use it in a way which shows how earnestly they have worked. The Queen's prize has been this year won by a clerk in some city timber merchant's house, private Wyatt,.of the 1st London, so the metropolis is pleased. The Scotch were beaten for the international Enfleld, but took noble ven geance by beating the English eight (not, however, by anything like the number that gave us victory last year) for the International Shield. The veteran Ross, and his two sons, were the bulwarks of Scotch shooting on this occasion. The scene, day by day, was very interesting, and the meetings in camp, at night, were exceedingly pleasant and social. On the Sunday that came into the Wimbledon week, the Archbishop of York went down, and preached excellently to the assembly. One of our old divines would have taken as his text " Mark !" and done so without irre verence, but of course any such quaintness would now be liable to misinterpretation, and the Archbishop " improved" the history of Jehu. I am sorry to add that the intense heat of the sun produced some sunstrokes, and also that an unfortunate marker, who was too eager to collect bullets, was struck by a ball. Considering the volleys that have been fired, under all sorts of conditions, and by all sorts of shooters, for ten days, the wonder is that the report of casualties is so scant. Leviora canamrus, as a classic would not say. The end of our season has been rendered lively by a little romance, with which I really do not see what the public have to do, but which 1Mr Jenkins and the other fashionable journalists have made their own in so many paragraphs that it is no violation of private life to tell it for the edification of the anti podes. Without beginning at the creation of the world, or even of the Anglesey pccrages which came somewhat later, I may mention that the present Marquis of Anglesey hath by his middle marriage (he has married thrice) a younger daughter, who was, until about half-past eleven o'clock on Saturday week, known as Lady Florence Paget. She is a beauty, and many eligible men thought so, and one told her so, and was rewarded by the acceptance of his hand. His name is Henry Chaplin, and he was in a crack regiment, and is young, and rich (they say £40,000 a year), and all that could be. desired. The wedding was to take place at the end of the present month. The happy and exultant fiance was liberal and generous to extremes, his presents were numerous and princely, and he is said to have done even more than make present's of jewellery and others" gauds." I am informed that he parted from the young lady after the opera on Friday, and in answer to his hope that he should see her next day, received 'the reply, " Well I think not to- morrow." That night letters were written (something is said about a recalcitrant lady's maid) and other arrangements made, and next morning Lady Florence requested that she might have the carriage at eleven o'clock, to do some early shopping. The carriage conveyed her to Marshall and Snelgrove's, and. the. coachman was ordered, to wait for. his young mistress. This he did until four o'clock. Meantime Lady Florence, leaving by another door than that at which she entered, went to St George's Church, Hanover-square. Here was assem bled a small but most select party, the most interesting figure in which was a young no bleman who was, some months ago, brought up before county magistrates, and fined for fighting cocks on a Stnday. His name is Henry Weysford Charles Plantagenet Raw don-Hastings. I do not know whether Lady Florence said, like Mr Wemmick in " Great Expectations," " Here's a church, let's get married," but the result was the same, and a few minutes made her Marchioness of Hast inge, and the happy patricians were soon on their way to Donnington-park, one of his lordship's seats. The young matchloness hail been thoughtful for those whom she left be. hind, her father received proper information and a very pretty letter was delivered to the deserted lover, who, at the moment of reciv. ing it, was purchasing a bracelet for his in; tended but not intending bride. Hie is s:.i to have been terribly excited, but as the let. reminded him that be must have seen for sor time that Lady Florence's sentiments tow him were only those of respect and rcw and gratitude and so on, we will trust th: is consoled. Such is the story that everyl is repeating, but, as I said before, I really not see what business it is of ours. BI . and bridegroom belong to aristocratic fami t (though neither peerage is fifty years o: whereas the family of the gentleman who , thrown over has chiefly made its fortune by the exercise of a not uurewarded hospitalityý to the stranger and traveller, and if that is: not a delicate way of stating a fact, I give up penny a-lining. - HOanIrE MIURDER IN A RAILWAY CAR RrAoa.-An atrocious crime was perpetrated late on Saturday evening, the 9th, in a first class carriage on the North London Railway, when a Mr Thomas Briggs, engaged in the banking establishment of Messrs Robarts, Curtis, and Co., of Lombard-street, was murderously assailed, plundered, and thrown out of the train Between eight and nine o'clock on Saturday evening, Mr Briggs, who was in his 70th year, left some friends on the Old Kent Road, stating that he would go by. omnibus to the city, and then take the train from Fenchurch-street station for Hackney. From the time of his getting into the omnibus in the Old Kent Road until his body was dis covered on the line, between Old Ford Bridge and Hackney Wick station, nothing has been gleaned of his movements, and it is not known whether anyone was in his company. The atrocious outrage was discovered about a quarter or twenty minutes past ten o'clock: in the evening. On the arrival at HIIackney of the 9.,5 train from Fenchurch-street station, a gentleman called the attention of laines;: the guard, to the state of a compartment of a first- class carriage, No 69. HIe had opened. the door at Hackney with the intention of getting in, and had placed his hand on one of the cushions, which he found to be covered. with blood. The guard on looking in -found such to be the fact. Not only the cushions, but the floor, sides, and windows were be-. smeared with blood; in some places there was,, quite a pool. HIe also found inside the car riage a gentleman's hat, a walkiug-stick, and a small leather bag. The guard at once took charge of the articles and locked the door. Some ladies who were in the adjoining com partment then called the notice of the guard to the circumstance that some blood had spurted through the carriage window on to their dresses as the train came from. Bow. About the same time that the above discovery was made, the driver and stoker of an engine which had been working the Hackney Wick and Stratford traffic was returning from the Wick station to the Bow locomotive works of the North London Railway. As they were, approaching the railway bridge over Duckets' Canal, by the side of the Mitllord Arms Ta vern, Mr Briggs was found bathed in blood. He was at once conveyed to the Mitford Arms, and suspicions of foul play were, at once aroused. His clothes were covered with blood, and the broken link or hook of a watch chain was haInging to a button - hole of his waistcoat. Neither watch nor the other part . of the 'ohain was found, and this at once led . to the supposition that he had been plundered. On the left side of the.head, just over the ear, which was torn away, was found a deep wound, the skull was fractured, and -the bone driven' in. On the base of the skull there were four or five lacerated wounds, there were more blows on ether parts of the head, and the I medical gentlemen expressed their surprise + that the uifortunate sufferer should be -alive,: the wound over the left ear being alone suffil clent to cause death. Stimulants were applied - with a view to restoring consciousness, but to no purpose. In his trousers pocket were found £4 10s in gold -and silver, and there was a silver snuff-box in his coat pocket.p| Only onice, it is thought, did the unfortunate: man show any signs of sensibility; an old: female servant called him by name, and:a slight trembling movement of his frame anid - a gurgling groan seemed. to indicate: that- heo> knew the voice, but it was only a momentary?l' action. Several medical men' remainedd'i'at?'| ~...i,.n ,,,, *h, ,.,i,..dn ,-,4.,t - gind in the' course of the morning the sufferer was re-, m'oved in a litter from the tavern to his house at Hackney. lie died at midnight on Sund,? jay -European Times.-Concerning the arrest of the supposed murderer of Mr Briggs, the same paper says :-Stratford, Friday, July 22.--A foreigner, fully answering the descrip-:' tion of Muller, is in custody; here, charged', with the murder of Mr Briggs. He was on' his way to Liverpool. A communication-on the subject has been made to the police in' London -The Rome News says, a strange race". is being run across the Atlantic. One whom. we have every reason to believe a murderer is'? flying towards New York, and the' ministers`. of the law are on his track, if the word tLe admissible when one speaks of the " trackleFs . way." The murderer left the train and es caped. The police exerted all their duly-i puffed vigilance with the usual result. But a: little girl found a little box in a lodging and the clue was gained. The man is sailing for` New York in a ship called the Victoria. In:': the mail steamer that should arrive there four': days sooner are the officers, accom?anied, by; witnesses; for identification, and armed with,: ar:ants, and credentials from M3r Adams, _r American envoy. It- is hoped that they • either overtake the ship, or board her on arrival. To increase the' chances against criminal, a second despatch of police'has 'n made. The news whether he has es t ed, or is in the clutch of the law, will be n item for my next letter. His name is '-anz Muller, and he is a German. EXTRoARDINARY CAsE.-" HoPLEY V. HoP wy."-In the Divorce Court, before the Judge :dinary and a special juiry. The following the principal features of the case :-Tho r Hopley, a schoolmaster, was in 185-1 Sdemned to imprisonment for beating a boy ned Canceller to death, because it was ne asary to "conquer" him. Fanny Hopley, 1 wife, has now prayed for a judicial sepa ion, on the ground of cruelty, and' her .ry is a most heartbreaking one. Hopley d to treat her " like a pupil," i.e., an cne ., teach her lessons, and beat her savagely blunders, beat her during pregnancy, spelled her to deliver herself, five days af vards forced her and the infant out in a riage, and then beat her again because she , not suckle the child as he approved. All is was borne, but he kept up also an irrita t::i~ system of interference, regulated every act by a written code, spat in her face, and ordered her to bed before a party of guests, in fact treated her just like a wicked child. Ilopley's defence (which was conducted by himself) was that while in prison his wife wrote him loving letters, which is doubtless true. The poor woman's pity for the father of her children re-awoke at his suffering, and even in court she apologised for giving him pain for the sake of her children, whom he also beat until one of them became imbecile. The man in all these brutalities seems to have been guided by some strange notion of prin ciple, just the feeling, in fact, which makes the inquisition torture heretics. The jury found the prisoner guilty of cruelty, but that the plaintiff had condoned the offence. The prayer for a judicial separation was therefore rfusced. The lady is stated to have left Eng land, to avoid living with HIopley. Tim PRISONERS FROM3 TriE ALABAMA.-A question of importance has arisen between the captain of the Kearsarge and the naval au thorities at Cherbourg. Captain Winslow, from motives of humanity, sent eight wound ed sailors of the Alabama to the Cherbourg Marine Hospital, in order that they may lie better taken care of than they could be on board the Kearsargo. But lie never intended to give up his prisoners, and lie now claims that in his absence they should be sent as pri soners on board the Sacramento. The Cher bourg authorities reply that it is an indispu table proposition of French law that every prisoner of war who sets foot on French soil is ipso facto free. The four officers who were landed on parole at Cherbourg now raise the same question. SAxuY's WEATHER SYSTEmr -In a letter to the editor of the llelbourne Age, dated Sheer ness, 24th June, Lieutenant Saxby thus ex plains his Weather System :-" My predic tions are founded solely upon the Newtonian theory of gravitation-which for public con veni nce we may call attraction. As an exam ple, if the moon attracts the fluids of the earth (we see that it influences the tides), and :if the sun does the same, it must be evi lent, to even the unlearned, that the nearer these bodies are at times to the earth the ,stronger must be their power of attraction which, moreover, will be still further increa :sed when the attractions of the sun and moor. .both operate in the same line of direction. N'ow, ihis is simply my ' Lunar' theory ; or, if any ione prefers calling it 'Luni-Solar,' let him do so: but the discovery of the appreciability of such influences no one can, without absolute raud, take from me." A' Novlr, TRIBUTE.-At West Bromwich cemetery, a few days ago, Mr George .Wilks; au octogenarian politician, who had taken a leading part in affairs of a local nature for many years, accompanied by a few private friends, assembled for the purpose of laying the first stone of the grave intended for the reception of his remains " when he has shuffled A ofl' this mortal coil." The person who took the lead said :-" In the name of the rate payers of West Bromwich, I do hereby lay the first brick of the tomb of our dearly-beloved and esteemed patriot, George Wilks, and we beseech Thee, O Lord, that. the little time he has to live in this world he may live in the fear and love of God, so that in his last mo meats he may be able to say, ' All is well, all is well;' and may his noble spirit ascend to thatplace where all is love and harmony .eaven-and be able to exclaim ' All is well.' 0 Lord we beseech Thee to fill this tomb with he love of the Holy Ghost." After the cere cony was concluded, those in attendance re ceived the sacramet. . ...... .. PEoOPLE OOE CIoo THIEIR 'OPPOSITES.--JUSt LLuusu anti ae sage are generally as Reason cannot show itself more reasonable than to leave reasoning on things above rCason. CUEER up, man, God is still where He was. A SEA OF TROUBILES.-JeaIousy. A lady, teaching her little daughter, four ears old, pointed to something in the book ad asked, " What is 'that, my dear ?" Why, don't you know?" inquired the child. 'Yes." said the mother:" but I wish to find at if you know.". " Vell," responded the belittle miss, "I do know,"-" Tell me then, Syou please," said the 'lady. "'Why, no," itted the little one, with an arch look, "you 1 now what it is, and I know what it is, and here is no need of saying 'anything more bout it." I the course of an examination for the degree f B.A. at Cambridge, under an exaininer base name was Payne, one of the'questions as "Give a definition of happiness;" to hich a candidate returned the following la nil answer-" An exemption from Payne." IYSOLVEl: cY.-Eliza Milford Callaghan, of yde Park, widow and atdministratrix of the tate of Thomas Callaghan, Esq., late of iadwick, judge of the southarn district, de ased. Liabilities, £0957 15s S5d; assets, 4168 8s 2d. Deficit, £2780 7s 8d. Official signee, Mr Sempill. rt_ 