WEUNESDA.Y, JANUARY, 1864. His Excellency the Governor opened Par- liament yesterday with tho usual ceremonies. The speech delivered by His Excellency pro- mised measures on the following subjects : The land question, the botter, regulation of the affairs of the gold-fields, mining on pri vato property, water Bupply and irrigation, the sale of fermented and spirituous liquors and the encouragement of the colonial wino trade, juvenile offenders and destitute chil- dren, reformatories and industrial schools, insolvency, lunacy, borough and municipal bye-laws, intestate estates, the better manage- ment of the post- office, and the regulation of trading and other companies. After His Ex- cellency retired, Mr. J. D. PINNOCK and Mr. ROBERT TURN BOIL, elected during the recess to fill vacancies in the representation of tho Eastern Provinco, took the oaths and their seats. Mr. HERVEY obtained leave, and brought in a bill, relating to Industrial and Reformatory Schools, which was read a first time. Mr. TURNBULL moved tho appointment of a committee to prepare a reply to His Excel- lency's speech. Mr. PINNOCK seconded tho motion, whioh was agreed to. On the address being brought up, Mr. TURNBULL moved that it be printed, and considered next day, which, was agreed to. Various notices of motion having been given, the Council adjourned. In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, The SrEAicBR took thechair at ten minutes past two o'clock. The Clerk read the proclamation in virtuo of which Parliament had met. On the return, of tho Speaker from the Upper House, Mr. M'CuiiLOCH moved for leave to bring in a bill to regulate trading and other companies, which was read a first time. In answer to a question, Mr. M'CuLtocn said he hod had an inter- % view with Colonel Pitt on the Bubject of his proceedings for the enlistment of military settlers to tho provinco of Auckland, and had addressed a letter to him, requesting that he would refiain from enrolling volunteers until the Government could communicate with that of New Zealand. He (Mr. M'Oulloch) had also had an interview with the Treasurer of New Zealand, who was now in Melbourne, and had shown to him how easy it would bo to adopt effective retaliatory measures. The Treasurer admitted that the step taken in Bending Colonel Pitt to this colony had bean adopted hastily, and said he would regret. if any disagreement on the subject should arise between the two colonies. That gen- tleman took a night to consider the subject, and had, to-day, intimated to him (Mr. M'Oulloch) that he had directed Colonel Pitt to suspend his operations in this colony. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HIGINBOTHAM said tho Government had no legal power to interféra with Colonel Pitt's proceedings. Mr. WOODS gave notice of a resolution to increase the hours of labour of the civil ser- vants to eight hours a day-namely, from eight to twelve a.m., and from one to five o'clock p.m. The SPEAKER having read the Vice-regal speech, Mr. CASEY moved that a loyal address bo Bent to His Excellency in reply. He reviewed the history of the land question, and ex- pressed a hope that it would at last bo settled on the basis of free selection before survey, to which the bon. member for Warr- nambool had lately given his adhesion. Mr. Casey then alluded in detail to the mea- sures promised in His Excellency's speech. He was satisfied that a comprehensive Bystem of water supply would double the produce of gold, and'that irrigation would be of the greatest service to the agricultural settlement of the country. Mr. TBOMSOK seconded the motion, and congratulated the House on the number of useful measures indicated in His Excellence's speech. If only one-half of them were passod into law, the session would be auiost brilliant one. He was especially glad that an effort was about to be made to lessen, the number of mining disputes, which put so much money into the pockets of a non-producing class the lawyers. He had not been able to find out the principles of tho Land Bill, but he had every confidence in tho Government. It was matter of congratulation that the Go< verament intended persevering in their re monstrances with the home Government on the subject of transportation. Mr. HAINES said the spoeoh seemed to bo on< to which few people could make objection He asked the Chief Secretary, however, t< afford the House some more information or the subject of transportation, referred to it a paragraph of the speech. Mr.M'CuLLOOHsaidtheinformationrecolvei by His Excellency had been laid on tho table He expicted an officiai communication 01 the subject by next mail. In answer to Mr. Duffy, Mr. M'CUILOCH stated that, next day, h would be able to etato to the House the pre eise order in which tho Government buslnes would be taken. Mr. M'CANN, in a long and rambling speed exprissed bia regret that the speech did not promise protection to native industry. Mr. WEEKES remarked that thu hon. mem- ber had mudo a speech, merely for the purpoio of letting his voice be heard bofore he loft tho colony. The motion was agreed to, and a committee named by whom the address in reply wai prepaied and brought up. It was afterwards adopted, and ordered to bo presented in tho usual way, The House then adjourned. Faithful to the conventional prece- dents, tho speech of the GOVERNOB, ingeniously devised to say nothing, baa been curiously successful in its aim. There never was a speech more entirely satisfactory, and so brilliantly without meaning. From the opening paragraph to tbe concluding aspiration, there is nothing in it -which can be cavilled at by the sharpest critic. As a programme of Ministerial policy, it may be either very full or very barren, according to the light in which it is read. The necessity for amending the land law is a truth as incontestable as tho deplorable condition of our destitute children ; and to com- bine tbe agriculturists and the squatters in one general scheme of settlement is as desirable as to put down illicit dis- tillation, or encourage the growth of native wine. Tho speeches of the mover and seconder of the address, which, aro usually supposed to be a sort of gloss upon the speech from the Throne, in the present instance partake of the barrenness of their text. Mr. CASEY had nothing to say, because it was clear that" Mr., CASEY knew nothing. The new Government orator from the gold-fields could only go over the stock commonplaces which, he had learned by heart, and of which he re- tained but an indifferently good recollec- tion. The Ministry, if it has a land policy, has certainly not taken Mr, CASEY into its confidence about it. The member from Mandurang could only babble something about free selection and occupation licences; though whe- ther free selection and occupation licences arc to bo two of the features of Mr. HEALES'S new bill *we bave no means of knowing. As to "a comprehensive system of wator " supply," it is quite au old friend in Ministerial programmes and in now members' speeches, and means perhaps nothing more than the " British Consti " tution" in the mouth of an after-dinner speaker. Mr, CASEY may have some ideas of his own as to these subjects, but it was only too clear last night that they had come out of the depths of his own consciousness, and without any aid at all from the Ministry. The feeble effort to get up a little enthu- siasm about the condition of destitute children and the consolidation of tho statute law, "was, as a mere oratorical exploit, an entire failure. Nor was the seconder of the address much more happy in his efforts to throw light on the Ministerial programme. With a candour highly honourable to him, Mr. THOMSON could not help, indeed, be- wailing the "reticence" which con- demned him to say so little as to tho most important points of the Govern- ment policy. Of the forthcoming Land Bill, all that Mr. THOMSON has beca able to learn is that it is " a measure to " protect the squatters," which wo trust is an entire misinterpretation of the aim and end of Mr. HEALES'S policy. Wo cannot fairly look, perhaps, for any cleaier view of what the Govern- ment intend to do during this session until thevariousmeasures spoken of in the GOVEKNOK'S speech havo been formally introduced to the House. In the mean- time, we may suspend all speculations as to wbat is to be tbo Ministerial policy. As yet the Ministry Las kept its secret remarkably well; nor can it ho said that the Opposition has been in any hurry to fathom it. The only criticism which the Ministerial programme evoked last night was from Mr. M'CANK, who sits just behind Mr. BEALES, and who is reckoned among the faithful. In the absence of the regular Opposition, the member for South Grant undertook to put certain leading questions to Minis- ters about their intentions ; but as no one thought it worth while to answer him, the public must make up their minds to wait for their enlightenment a little longer. The Ministry has enjoyed an unusual amount of public favour since its ac- " cession to office ; and it will soon bo time for it to do something to deserve its popularity. It has yet to show us .what is its true character, even before it begins to unfold its policy. Hitherto, it has been tolerated, partly by reason of the respectable elements in its con- stitution, and partly because of the ex- treme disfavour which its immediate predecessors succeeded ia earning for themselves, just before their"" re- tirement. But a Government cannot subsist for ever on this purely negative basis. The fair trial which ?was sought has been conceded. The Government has had time to know itself, and may tell us now what is its character. The mero external indications afforded by a view of the House last night, fur- nish no test by which wo can learn its nature. It would hardly be fair, wo presume, to draw any inference of the probable Ministerial policy from tho class of supporters who throng the Trea- sury benches, some of whom, perhaps, have como there by no invitation. These may be only there hy an "occu " pation licence"-the principle they would extend to the new Government land bill. And from tho specimen which Mr. M'CANN has furnished us of a Go- vernment supporter on the first night of duty, it is probable that the Ministerial force may tie weaker than it appears on the muster-roll. The monetary condition of England must always be a subject of interest to her colonies, and if the hint dropped in the speech of yesterday, foreshadowing the completion of public works, really means business, it is not unlikely that the state of the English money market will bo studied by our economists with unusual application. For some time the fluctuations in the value of money havo pointed to the operation of dis- turbing causes, and it has been quite within the ken of the cambist, that, sooner or later, these fluctuations would culminate in something little ßhort of a metallic revolution. This climax, tho jnail tells us, lias now been reached ; and in the latest advance of the Bank of England to an eight per cent, rate of discount, wo may hope that the derange- ment Las attained its highest propor- tions. Tho phenomenon is a remarkable one, though no less striking is the con- fidence with which it is contemplated, and the ease with which it is accounted for. The explanation seems to be trace- able more or less directly to the Ame- rican war. The natural consequence of the loss of the Southern cotton fields is, that wo have transferred the source of produco to the East. We havo changed our customers, and become pur- chasers of the raw material in tho markets of India. The result is plain. We have iucreased our indebtedness to that specie-absorbing empire, and been compelled to pay in bullion, which does not quickly return to ' us, where, under other circumstances, we were wont to dis- charge our liabil ities by our exports in kind. Hence the drain on our resources, and hence the defensive measure of the Bank of England to stop the outflowing of bullion, and to attract bullion to itself from abroad. The English Board of Trade supplies us with an insight into our Oriental liabilities. We have im- ported in value moro than double the cotton we did last year, and our exports to India have not increased in pro- portion. In the face of this, it is obvious what effect the adverse balance must have in making, not capiial,b\xt money, an article of scarcity. Nor, in- deed, is the scarcity confined to the British market. In Holland, the rate of interest has gone up, and France is yet more straitened than Holland. Indeed, veiy much of the economic diffi- culty of Europe is duo to French mis- management, or French engagements. M. FOULD has increased the revenue of his exchequer doubtless, but he has also increased the expenditure. The chronic deficit has to be en- countered, and the Italian loan to be met. In addition to these aggra- vating causes, large contracts with Africa, and larger still with E*ypt, have been entered into ; the bullion reservo has been encroached upon, and the Bank of France been squeezed in order to meet its engagements. Unfortunately, both for France and England, the pecu- liar character of the markets they deal in is not favourable to a return of the precious metal with which these engagements have been met. Countries like Egypt are not amenable to the habitudes of commercial barter, and, needing the circulating medium as they do, the specie once fingered is not readily parted with. At the same time, there is, as far as wo can judge, no apprehension as to the issue of the crisis which thus extends over so wide an area. The causes have been penetrated, and the general feeling is, that the necessities of Europe will bo supplied in a few months by the natural operations of trade. In England, the position is viewed with singular free- dom from anxiety or alarm. The diffi- culty has overtaken her when she was best prepared to surmount it, The past year has been, commercially, one of the most profitable she has known. lier harvest has been un- usually rich. The annual savings have been unusually large. The foreign and the home trades havo never been more prosperous. No gigantic works have been initiated, and the national ca- pital has been pledged to no foreign speculation. The new enterprises in the form of banking companies and hotel companies, which the Limited Liability Act has helped to generate, have ab- sorbed much subscribed capital, but as far as paid tip capital is concerned, the investments, and consequently the risks, arc infinitesimal. Thero has been as yet no time to incur heavy liabilities, Fortified accordingly by such safeguards, and with the prospect of an ultimately lucrative return from those very invest- ments in cotton which now distress her, it is not difficult to comprehend how the juncture has been borne so patiently, and with so little murmuring, There can be no question of the policy of the Bank in imposing so stringent a chock on the demand for gold and silver. At the same time, there can be no doubt when the check is removed, the reaction which will ensue upon the liberation of so much bullion into the markets will demand a cautious treatment. In conclusion, there is one consideration which a re- view of the subject, however scant, offers to the contemplation of Aus- tralians in particular. With a Bank rate such as the mail advises us, thero can be no immediate prospect of the bullion market being overstocked Who shall deny that we have a right to take heart, in defiance of Mr. JEVONS and Mr. FAWCETT, when the market value of coin, through the accidental expan- sion of a now channel of absorption, may rise sixty or eighty per cent, in a fortnight ? The third session of the third Parliament of Victoria was opened yesterday by His Excellency the Governor, with the usual cere- monies. Both Houses assembled at two o'clock. At the commencement of the pro- ceedings thero was but a thin attendance in the Assembly. Mr. Haines was the first mem- ber who entered the House, and Mr. Francis was the first of the Ministry to fill his accus- tomed place. When the clerk read the pro- clamation under which Parliament had met Mr. Duffy was the only member on the Oppo- sition side, and Mr. Brooke, unsupported, re- presented "theCorner." During the recess the house has been carpetted afresb, the old dark crimson carpet having been replaced by one in which green predominates. A small desk has been placed on tho left of the chair, foi the Speaker's use. The attendance of the public at the opening ceremony was unusually small. The Acclimatisation Society held two rather Important meetings last evening, one in coun- cil, and the other a general meeting. The interesting feature of the council meeting was the receipt, per Dr. T. Black, of a resolution unanimously passed by the Zoological Society of London, thanking the Victorian Acclima- tisation Society for their endeavours to ob- tain specimens of the Didunculus strigirostris for that body. The general meeting was attended by about thirty members, and Mr. E. Wilson, president, took the chair. He mentioned that the guaramiers lately arrived in the colony had been presented by Messrs. Joshua Brothers to the society, and that they were all alive, but there was some difficulty about choosing the mode of their future treatment. A discussion ensued, but rio decision resulted from it. The main busi- ness was the presentation to Mr. Duffield, the importer of alpacas, of The Argus Gold Prize Cup for 1863, awarded to him as the in- troducer to this country of the most valu- able fish, bird, or beast, in quantity suffi- cient for breeding. He replied somewhat at length, expressing his very high sense of the compliment paid to him by the society, and also of the encouragement given him be- fore he started by Mr. Wilson himself, whose counsels had been his main stimulus. Other subjects were lightly discussed, and the meeting broke up. Mr. M'Culloch said, yesterday, in answer to a question, that ho had hadan interview with Colonel ritt on the subject of his proceedings for the enlistment of military settlers to the province of Auckland, when first Colonel Pitt's advertisement appeared, and had ad- dressed a letter to him, requesting that he would refrain from enrolling volunteers until the Government could communicate with that of Now Zealand. He (Mr. M'Culloch) had also had an interview with the Treasurer of New Zealand, who was now in Melbourne, and had shown to him how easy it would be to adopt effective retaliatory measures. The Treasurer admitted that the stc*p taken in sending Colonel Pitt to this colony had been adopted hastily, and that he would regtet if any disagreement on tho subject should aiise between the two colonies. After con- sidering tho subject for a night, the Treasurer yesterday intimated to Mr. M'Culloch that he had directed Colonel Pitt to suspend his operations in this colony, Mr. Higlnbotham said the Government had no legal power to interfere with Colonel Pitt's proceedings. A midnight scene at the volunteer en- campment at St. Kilda beach formed the sub- ject of a case, the hearing of which occupied the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday for a long time. Mr. De Courcey Ireland, son of the Hon. R. D. Ireland, figured as defendant, and from the crowded state of the court, the case seemed to excite a good deal of interest. The defendant was charged with an assault and with interfering with volunteers in the execution of their duty. Mr. Billing appeared to prosecute, and Mr. Aspinall defended. Several witnesses were examined, but the facts giving rise to the charge were all sup- plied by the statement of Joseph F. Boyd, sergeant of the St. Kilda Volunteer Artillery, which was shortly as follows :-On the night of the 21st inst., he was sergeant of the guard at the volunteer encampment. On that night, from ten o'clock till nearly twelve, he suffered a good deal of annoyance from young men chaffing and making a noisoe about the guard tent. About twelve o'clock he turned in to the guard-tent for a little rest, when he shortly heard a noise outside, and the call " Sergeant Boyd, turn the guard out." He turned out the guard, and on taking his place, some young gentlemen-among them Mr. Ireland- met the guard with shouts of laughter. He had previously received orders to keep clear a bridge which was within the encampment. He now gave orders to the sentry to clear the bridge. Several of the gentlemen being re- quested, at once moved off the bridge. De- fendant, however, and a Mr. M'Pherson re- mained on the bridge, and refused to leave on being requested to do so by the sentry. Witness walked up to them, and told them what his orders were. As they would not move, he, as quietly as he possibly could, moved them off the rails, and then requested them to move aside an leave the bridge clear. About two or three minutes after removing Mr. Ireland and Mr. M'Pherson off the rails, defendant suddenly struck him in the face. Witnessed grappled with him, and took him by the collar, with the intention of conducting him to the guard- tent. Two or three others then came up, and seized Ireland. Witness owned that after receiving three or four blows from Ire- land he struck him back in the face ; it was a blow in self-defence. With considerable difficulty, he lodged the defendant at length in the guard-tent. The affair caused a great disturbance in the encampment, and Captain Balfour and every one turned out. Cross- examined.-He had not directly called the defendant a fool. When Mr. Goodrich came up to assist him, he made the remark, "The gentlemen were acting like fools;" and witness answered he thought they were. Had used no violence in removing them in the first place ; the blow was struck afterwards, In requesting them to move he said " Gentlemen, I must keep the bridge clear; I have orders from Captain Balfour to do so." The blow witness struck was in self- defence, and it hit defendant in the eye. No one else struck Ireland while witness had hold of him. He had no particular orders from Captain Balfour with reference to keeping Ireland in the guard-tent. He made a report to the captain, and was then ordered to place a sentry over the tent in which the defendant was confined. In the course of the evening witness had sald to Ireland, " I would like to meet you out of uniform." They had a drum and fife band at the camp, and many persons were there. No placard or notice was posted on the bridge, but there was a flag and a sentry was stationed there. The flagstaff was tied to the St. Kilda side of the bridge. Did not reprove Goodrick for the remark made. The defendant was detained in the guard-tent that night, and marched off the ground early the following morning. A lengthy statement of the affair, made to the Court by the defendant, agreed in the main facts with the foregoing, but laid the charge of incivility on the other party, and also ascribed to them the first cause of offence. After a rather prolonged discussion, the judge- ment of the Bench was given by Mr, Cowderoy, as chairman. He regretted that the case should ever have been brought before the Court, and now that the magistrates had come to a verdict on its merits, he thought it right to say that it was the verdict of a majority only. The conduct of the young men in going down and causing the annoy- ance and disturbance they had was very reprehensible ; and although the Bench con- sidered that there were mitigating clrcum- stances, yet in dismissing the case they by no means meant to justify the conduct of the defendant. The case was then dismissed. Mr. WoodB yesterday gave notice of a re lution to increase the hours of labour of t civil servants to eight hours a day-name from eight to twelve at noon, and from c to five o'clock in the afternoon. The not was greeted with laughter, and cries " Eight hours." It will bo seen by our shipping intelligei that tho Bombay and Keera steam anchored, weather bound, last night at I heads. The committee of the Benevolent Asylt beg to acknowledge a donation of £10 fn Messrs. Joshua Brothers. In consequence of the examination for p motion taking place to-day, there will be general parade of the metropolitan and si urban volunteer corps. A meeting of the contributors to the Al bourne Hospital will he held.'at the boa room of the hospital, this afternoon, at c o'clock, toreceivo the report of the Commit of Management, and to elect office-bearers the ensuing year. The annual general meeting of the B' Bcribers and governors of the Melboui Benevolent Asylum will be held, in the h of the Mechanics' Institute, Collins- stri this evening, at soyen o'clock, for the purpi of receiving the report and accounts of the Committee of Management for the la-it year, to elect the committee and other offics-bearers, and to transact the general business of tbo Institution. We haye popsrs from Tasmania to Jan. 23, and from Queensland to Jan. 10, The road districts of Mount Bouse and Mortlake are proclaimed shirc3 ia the Qaztltt of yesterday. Mr. M'Mohon yesterday gave notice that, on the following day, ho would ask the President of the Board of Land and Works under what clause of tho Land Act, 18G2, he was able to sell landa which had been pto claimcd as commons under the act. A deputation from the Buninyong Hoad Board, consisting of Mr. Archibald Fisken (Chairman), Mr. Bacchus, and several other gentlemen, had an interview yesterday morning with the Minister of Bail ways. Tho deputation was introduced by Mr. Pope, M.L.A., and the business had reference to tho long- disputed and unsettled question, whether the northern or the Eoatbern road should be proclaimed as tho main road between Ballan and Ballarat. Mr. Grant explained to tho deputation that he was poworless to proclaim either 88 the main road without being moved to do so by the road boards of the districts through which tho road passed. It was stated to the Minister that the Buninyong board were willing to ogree to a compromise, but that the Bungaree board declined to do so. Mr. Grant then informed them that a depu- tation was coming down from the latter on the 2nd prox., and stated that he Bhould de- cline to arrivo at any decision until he had heard their case. Mr. J. D. Pinnock and Mr. Robert Turnbull, the two newly-elected members of the Council for the Eastern Province, took the oaths and their seats yesterdoy. We learn that Mr Charles Kinnear has consented to bo put in nomination for Bal- larat West. Mr. Kinnear's experience would at any timo bo valuable in Parliament, bal his services would bo of special importance in a session in which so many importanl mining matters will fall to be discussed. Mr Kinnear'B claims on the people of Ballara! are not new, and we trust they will bt acknowledged on this occasion. There was no business of any general in- terest at the Sandridge Police Court -yester- day. Leave was given to Mr. M'Oulloch las: night to introduce a Bill for the Regulatior and Better Arrangement of Trading and othe: Companies, which was read a first time. Mr. M'Oulloch stated in the Assembly las night, in answer to a question, that, inanswe to his remonstrances on the subject, Mr Reader Wood, the Treasurer of New Zealand had directed Colonel Pitt to suspend his ope rations in this colony for the enlistment c military settlers for Aucklond. Colonel Pit would proceed no farther in this matter thai the completion of the engagements into whicl ho had already eutered. The Ballarat Star has the following :-" 0. Monday morning, Dr. King, J.P., was waite< upon at his residence in Armstrong-stree: and presented with a numerously-BÎgned r< quisition to allow himself to be nominate lor the representation of Ballarat West in th Legislative Assembly. The requisition boi the names of several of the leading gentleme of Ballarat West. The doctor intimated thi he had intended to accede to the request, an had actually written out his address for ti papers, but on reconsideration ho carno t the conclusion of retiring from the fleli We understand that Mr. Edward Copi a Melbourne merchant, will arrive i Ballarat this evening, and will contei the election, in the interest of ti Ministry. Mr. Cope is described as gentleman of independent means, a larj importer, a Liberal in politics ; is in favour i a liberal land low, the abolition of the expo duty on gold, a strong supporter of a nation mint, and will vote for the opinion of ti Privy Council being taken on the legality the pensions granted to Messrs. Ireland ai Duffy. Steps have been already taken form committees in Ballarat and the ontlyii districts to secure his election. It was r moured that Mr. 0. Kinnear was also contest the election, but we could not tra the rumour to any trustworthy source. M John Winter, late of Bonshaw, has been i quested by several gentlemen in Ballarat stand, Mr. Winter has not positively pr nounced either woy, and we understand th ho will be waited on to-day with a view ascertain decisively whether ho will or wi not consent to bo nominated." Mr. Hervey, in order to protect the priv leges of Parliament, yesterday moved f leave to introduce a bill relating to industri and reformatory schools. Tho motion w agreed to, and the bill was brought in ai read a first time, the second reading being a pointed for Tuesday, the 9th February. The presiding magistrates at the East Ci lingwood Police Court yesterday were Mess: Fawkner, Harker, Cope, and Thomas, J.P. Ann Hardthistlo, as an habitual drunkai was sent to gaol for one month, with ha labour. Mary Cronan, summoned by t inspector of nuisances for allowing cows wander in the public streot, was fined 10 and 6s. costs. Mary Young, for the sat ¡offence, was fined Is., and 6s. costs. Caroli Sutton, summoned to show cause why s had not complied with a former order Court for the payment of rent, was committ to gaol for one month. In this case a BU sequent accommodation was effected with t complainant, and the warrant of comm ment suspended. James and Elizabeth W son, summoned by Sarah Haines for an i sault, were jointly fined Is., and 63. costs. The police have received information of a robbery perpetrated on Monday afternoon the house of August Somer, at Caulfield. During the temporary absence of the inmates the house was entered, a chest of drawers opened, and robbed of the sum of £32 notes and gold. The description of a man who is suspected of committing the robbery is in the hands of the police. The entertainment at the Princes Theatre last evening was, in many rcspec an improvement on that of the precedí evening. The arrangements for the rep sentation of the ghost were evidently mi complete, and the result was much more pi feet. The attendance was unfortunately vc limited. The annual meeting of the Victorian ! ciety of Blues, composed of members who thoir youth had received their education Christ's Hospital, was held lait evoning, the auction-rooms of Mr. W. Perry, Colli streoji. Tho chair was taken by Mr. Cowderoy, president of tho Eociety; a Messrs. H. Jennings, G. Foord, W. Per E. Whitby, 0. Mould, and Lieutenant G. Woods, B.N., attended. The annual repi of the committee, road by the president, sta' that the history of the society for the yi then ended varied bal little from that former years. The committee to the bc3t thoir ability had endeavoured to g1 vo effect theobjecisforwhickthesocietywasfounded, extending assistance to those of their bretti] whose necessities had been brought une their notice. These had been aided by varie means-by loans, by gratuities, and more ofi by assisting them to procure eraploymo Foundation-day was duly celebrated bj dinner, which afforded to many of : brethren an opportunity for a few hoars living their school-days over again. The committee was enabled to report an increase to their number of Buveral additional brethren. Tho state ofitbe funds was notqutte as satis- factory as could be wished. The report con- cluded by hoping that the society would long continue to act as a bond of union amongst its members, and be enabled during the coming yenrstill further to realise the objects for which it was formed. The report being submitted to the meeting, together with the balance sheet, was adopted. It was then moved by Mr. Jennings, and seconded by Mr. Perry, that Mi ssrs. Cowderoy, Whitby, and Beal be re elected as directors for the current year. Mr. Foord moved, and Mr. Whitby soconded, that Mr, Mould should ho treasurer, and Mr, Jennings and Lieut. Woods auditors. These motions were both carried. Mr. Welsh was then appointed secretary and collector, to be paid at such rato of remuneration as should be settled by the directory. The pro- ceedings terminated with a vota of thanks to the office-bearers of tho past year. At the St. Kilda Polico Court ye3terday, before Messrs. Cowderoy, Van Homert, Sydes, M. Patterson, and Dr. Patterson, a man named Thomas J. Wulker, charged with the use of obscene lauguage, failing to answer to bis bail (£3), it was ordered to ba forfeited. Archibald Moult was fined £5 for creating a disturbance on the Esplanade on tho previous evening. The case of Edward Julian, charged with perjury, in consequence of an informa- lity in the summons was remanded till Fri- day. A complaint preferred by the managers of the town common against - Blamire, for wilfully removing horses from the common without permission, was adjourned for a week. We have received by the mail Silver's Guide to Australasia, including an "itinerary to and in the colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Western Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand." This will be found an extremely useful work, not only, though especially, to intending emigrants from Europe, hut to residents in the colonies, giving, as it does, a largo variety of useful statistical and other information, all apparently founded upon the latest and most reliable authorities. Several excellent maps illustrate the book. Owing to the late floodB, tho aquatic world has been rather dull during the past month ; hut wo are happy to leam that a reaction has taken place. At a meeting of the Leander Bowing Club, held at Marshall's Hotel on Monday evening last, it was arranged that monthly scratch matches should bo held-the first of the series to take place on Saturday next, at threo and four o'clock p.m., and to consist of a four-oared race, in two heats The object of tho committee in holding these matches is not only to afford amusement te lovere of aquatics, but also to give new mern hors of the club an opportunity of improving themselves, by rowing with the old and mon advanced rowers. At the Heldelberg Police Court, on Mon- day, before Mr. Warburton Carr, P.M., Dr. A. E. M'Donald, and Mr. Sidney Ricardo, Adolph Gerock was charged by Dr. Matt, of Collingwood, with stealing various tools and other articles from a tent belonging to Dr. Matt, at the Kingstown diggings. Dr. Matt deposed—"Some shovels, bar steel, and other things, were missed from a tent of mine, occupied by the prisoner, in October last. Asked prisoner for them. He said Wilson had taken them away. Heard no more of the things till last Tuesday, when he obtained a search-warrant, and found a blanket and jug, now produced, in a house the prisoner was living in. They were the property of witness, who gave prisoner into custody. The rug was on his bed, the jug on the table. There was no concealment." On cross-ex- amination it was elicited that Gerock was working partner in a quartz claim along with Dr. Matt and others, that the things missed were used in common for the benefit of the partnership. Dr. Matt put in a written agreement, with a view of showing that Gerock was a weekly servant, but which clearly showed him to be a partner in the reef. Mr. Carr.—"The Bench are quite unani- mous that this charge cannot be maintained. Gerock should not have been charged with this offence. If anything, it is a mere deten- tion of property, and it is very doubtful whether that charge could be sustained. There is no imputation against Gerock, and he is discharged." Gerock's solicitor asked for costs. Mr. Carr.—"It is not usual to give costs in criminal cases. This is a case of the Queen v. Gerock. Gerock has his remedy against Dr. Matt." 