| THE LYCEUM THEATEE. The fire—=:1 ben-eat, *rhi:ii iras given last sarin at ice Ltkuid Theatre io Messrs. Cox sad Ttrier, tha micagsrs, vr;? we31 sitende3. and we rasy accept the good siienlaEM ss a proof . of the appreciation of the pni-Hc of the bsaeSdares, and 33 partly dm ts the- lact - but the nzajsr psnicn | of dje pir5orxa3i«E5 rras to 3)2 instanced by mi : tears,—and byaaaisars' who were to raake their | first apps2.r=r>ce cn tha ostaskra. On thst se | count, the nr=t pisce—Sir Edward Lyiton Bnl j wer's fine j<iar of " Money,"—cctwhasfsschifr [ t'r-at it tras well represented by the reanlsr mo-n. j Lets' of lie carp* draixtjiiqvc, was only received £s 2 bind of iatr&dnctjon; to ice remainder of the [ psrforajaates. Following the play, easne the : nrst act of" Hamlet,*1 in which the charariers of Hamlet tad the Ghost were sustained faj J jr. I Denver and Sir. Hopkins respectively. ! The firri- naiaed. gentleman, ibr an zmz | tear, got throngh his part most creslit : ably, and fey Lis perfect self- pcsstEsioa ; TS-bile on the stare led one to believe that it was not bi? first spj>earaiics cn the beard?. Afier the ShaVsperiaa selection, Mr. S. P. Hiii sag "Bifienjen Ferxn"' so well that the ancience was do* satisSed without an encore. The concluding portion of the prozramme of the evening, and which was waited for impatiently, -eras the farce of " The Omnibus," with the faHcvring amateur cast:—Pat Bosney, Dr. Roche; Old Debus, Mr. Vr. Heaeman: and Tommy Dobbs, Mr. if. Mealier. Jt is airaast needless to stele that the very fast of Each well-known members of the community appearing on the naqe at ail in any character -weald be productive of entertainment; but we ft el bound to ussert that in the case of one or two of the ama'.ecrs referred to the audience were agreeably disappointed, and instead of there bring any av-ltward hitches or occadon for tbe prompter's service?, the characters wc-rs success fully humorous!}' represented. Dr. Bsciie's anrn teur histrionic abilities, which have been witnessed on more than one occasion before, were never seeii to more advantage sh-sn in the Irish character of fat Booney. ' His brogue was rich and racy of the toil, and his acting excellent for an amateur. At the conclusion of the, first. piece Mr. Cox caine forward; in obedience to the call of the audience, and addressed them to the following effect. After returning thanks on behalf of him • self and Mr., Varley, he .said he was sorry to inform them they were compelled to relinquish the reins of management,"alter having held ttem pretty firmly for some. considerable time. Tbe road they bad travelled lately had' been a very rough one—so much so that their vehicle had got bogged, their way-worn liorse3 galled, and.they (the drivers) capsized. It wa3 much to-be re gretted that so compact and elegant, a theatre as the Lyceum could not be supported in Sandhurst. It was nevertheless (rue, for they (ihe manage ment) had learned by sad experience that the hopes of the drama had " withered and flown.** But whilst deploring the decadence of the dramatic era. be could not forget the friends who bad rallied around them; to support their- failing steps. Having referred to' the gentlemen amateurs, who on that occasion had kindly come forward to sssist the management, in terms of acknowledgment, h?, on behalf of himself and partners -bade the public most respectfully adieu, and on behalf of Mr. Vinson, their 'worthy stage'manager,.and the ladies and gentlemen of the company, returned thanks for past favors, and for the .'presence of their supporters that evening.; Sir.' Cox's vale dictbry address was frequently i.-.terrupteii by cordially expressed; applause ^ • At its.termination Mr. Vinson,, the.stage manager, came before the curtain, in answer to loud calls,"-and after a similar statement to Mr. Cox's as to the non-suc cess of the management,-stated, his intention of finally retiring from the colonial: stage, m l re turning to his own country—America. He cor dially acknowledged • the '• mar.y- favors he had experienced ai the bandit of the public during the Uit ten years, and bade them farewell. 