GENERAL NEWS. fivMi'ATnv wira CRIME.-The Pastoral 7ïm«j,ndvorl ing to the proceedings of the scoundrel Morgan, shows that a sympathy with crimo exists in parts of that dis- trict, «8 proved by obstructions designedly placed in tho way of the polioe in their efforts to capture the offender. It statos that Morgan met three men noar Jerilderie station, and by his aots showed that ho was a robber ; Mr. Hainos, brother of the superintendent of Jerilderie, carno np to tho spot, and Morgan stoppod him, tried his horse, and found it did not suit him. Thon a man named Templeton, ridinir one horso and lending another, was stopped by the ruffian in theprosenca of the four mentioned. Morgan examined the horses, and chose the one Tompleton was loading. After this ho remained four hours at the place, and fivo mon allowed him to do as he pleased. Mr. Haines went away, passod a polioe station only eight milos off and made no report to the police. Tomploton gave no information, but positively denied meeting anyone, and it was not until next morning the polico happened to hear of the occurrence. Thoy went off to tho station, and learnt that Morgan had made tho overseer's brother pro- mise not to inform anyone until thirty-three hours had elapsed. The overseer rofuiod to go with tho polico, who did not know tho neigbbourhoo.l, and would not send a mnn with thom in «euroli of the ruffian. Thev at last found the place, but the bird was flown. Two other cases ure mentioned in whioh information was withheld from the polico, nnd one settler, being asked respecting Mor- gan, said "ho would-sooner give information to the bushranger of the movements of the polioe, than notice to the latter where the former might be found,-for Morgan might shoot biro, and ho knew-well a trooper wouldn't." TriE PLEASURES OF SETTLING IN TIIR INTERIOR.-We quote the following extraotB from a private letter reoeivod from Burton DownB, Queensland, as a speoimen of the hardships and dangers to be endured by those settlors who do not reside in the settled districts :-" lhavehnd ft hard journey of 150 miles in two days and a half, and nothing to eat, as we woro out of rations on i my place and were going for more. We lind to swim two | rivers (Sutton and Belyando),'nnd any number of creeks. If it rains to-night I don't know how I am to get back. Yon can form no idea of the plaoo that I have to go through without seeing it-nearly all the way sorub, and most parts under wator ; tho flood marks aro now twonty or thirty feet above me. Thin season has been a hnrd one for taking out Btook ; what with flood, rain, and poisonod grass, losses in sheep have beon fearful. Wo have escaped with a small los«, but others have not been so J fortunate. One gentleman lost by poisoned grasses alone, in crossing the desert, 2700 sheep out of 5G0O. and another 1000 out of 5000 The blnoks aro very bail about mo. Within thirty miles they rushed a oamp of | travelling sheep, kilted one man and took everything from the oamp ; there was a large party of whites, but the wrong sort for darkies. I have only two men with mo, and one man is very frightoned, but I toid him that if the blacks oame and ho ran ho should have tho | first contonts of my revolver; and I moan what I say, for if they seo that one is afraid it would be all up with those remaining. I have had some shies at them, and think nothing of them. After the man who wns mur- dered was buried thoy dug him up and drovo a. stake through bim, to make sure that he was dead. There will be some desperate work here shortly. The settlers in the dangerous districts shoot the blacks as they would dogs."-Ararat Advertiser, April 29. ROMANTIC OCCURRENCE.-A gentleman residing in Cork, of considerable eminence in the scientific world, ns | well as distinguished in the hunting world, and in social circles, was recently at a ball near Queenstown, nt which a young lady of great beauty was present. In the course of tho evening the gentleman, who had beon but a short time previously introduoed to the lady, managod to monopolise a large share of her conversation, so much as to excite some little annoyance among various othor gen- tlemen presont, who naturally felt somowhat displeased at being so nindi shut out from any share of the atten- tion of the belle of the room. Amongst thoae woro two ] English oflicors, one of whom in the course of the evening mado a remark to the Irish gentleman in i reference to his monopoly of tho lady's attention, and added some phrase which, by implication, meant that he (the Irish gentleman) would not bo as successful in more manly contests. The Irish gentleman at onoe accopted the impliod challenge, and said that if j the lady to whom referoncehad beon made would givohim her brooelet to wear as a gogo at tho next day's hunt, whioh was to oome offne.tr Fermoy, he would undertake to come in at the finish boforo either of tho two officers ; and would then >yrito a song to be dedicated to tho lady in her praise, whioh ho would got set to music, and after- words bave sung before one of the largest audiences ever assembled iu th.- Cork thoatro. The wager was at once accepted, £20 being the sum staked. The lady with much spirit gave her bracelet, the hunt came off, tho gentleman wore it, and rode in triumphantly at the hoad of the field. Ho aft or wariin did compose the song, anil got it set to musio, and this was the pretty ballad whioh Mr. Bowler sang so charm- ingly after the opera on the night of Tuesday week. To secure the largo homo on that night the patronage of the foxhtintors of the houth of Irelnnd was obtainod by the gentleman whoplayed such a prominent part in the trans- action, and the highly successful result WBB to bo found in the orammed condition of every part of the building. The next morning a letter was delivered to the hoto of the adventure, containing a cheqno for £20, from lim rival, with whom he had mado tho bet, who thus acknowledged our countryman's superiority as a oourtier, ; n oavulior, and a poet. This little bit of romance, whioh we lutvo the best authority for asserting is true, is peouliarly refreshing in theso prosaic days. THE CATASTROPHE AT SANTIAGO.-Tho middle of the ohuroh was a complete masB of dead bodies, standing up held up by eaoh othor- with the head and shoulders burnt ; and when the men began to tako them out of the ohuroh most of their heart« fell out. But the most hor- rible of all was the part of the ohnrob where the sido doors are (tho doors out of whioh the peoplo generally passed). Tbore they were paokod up in heaps, I should suppose, about fifteen persons high, all with their heads burnt off; the lower part of their bod ios wore in genoral whole. But a groat numbor were not burnt ; those who in the confusion wore kuooked down and got undor the rest were generally completely smashed. The most Boandalous part of the proceedings was the conveyance of tho dead, whioh was efleoted by dirt oarts without oovor, and as most of the poor women had thoir olothcB burnt_ burnt off-dead, naked women were taken through the street in open daylight to ho gazed upon by a Bneering, ill-bred, uneducated, unfeeling, savago, and brutal popu- lace. And half these women were complete ladies, edu- cated in the most delioate manner by English, French, and European masters, and thorefore woro nearly on a I ptr with European ladies.-letter from a Birmingham J'hysician. EXTRAORDINARY ATTEMPT AT STARVATION DT A YOUNO WOMAN.-A somewhat extraordinary and determined at- tempt at 8olf-dostruotion by starvation has just ooourred I at Gainsboro*. A young woman named Mary Boeoh, 22 years of age, lived as domestic servant with the toll- ' collector at the bridge whioh oro3ses the river Tront, and connects Lincolnshire with Nottinghamshire. There is a covered passuge on oaoh side of the toll-gato, with a door oponlng on to the bridge and another to tho Btreet, through which foot passengers havo to pass. Ono of theto passages is not used for trafilo, and the two outer doors aro always kept closed. From some oause, not at prosent I oloarly asoortained, the girl voluntarily shuthorself up in tliU latter pasBago, undressing in a groat moasure, and laying herself down upon the cold flags. She remained in this state for five days and four nights, during tho whole of which time alie persistently refused all kind of | nourishment. The matter thus assuming a aorions aspeot, the polioe and roliovlng-ofiioor wore communicated with. On their arrival they found tho young woman in a very weak and sinking oondition; so muoh so that it was upparent fatal coiuequoncos would follow if prompt moasuros were not speedily adopted. Both the Poor law and Criminal law, however, wore poworloBa in the oaso. Tho relieving-oflicer could only offer tho woman an order | for the work- honso, whioh she rofused to avail horsolf of, and the polioe avowod themselves unablo to intorforo unless the woman was turned into tho stroot hy her I nwter-a proceeding tho toll.oolleotor did not feel himself justified in adopting. Tho medical oflioor of the distriot was next applied to with the view of ascertaining the girl's state of mind, for in the event of her bumg pronounood deranged tho rolleving ollioer would have tho powor to remove her hy force ; but on an examination taking plaoo, no Bymptom of insanity could ¡be doteoted. Persuasion, «postula- tion, and throats were nil triod to induoo her to tako aomo Bttstenauoo, or to allow herself to bo taken to the | workhnuso, but to no purpose. Time thus passed on, and at longth sho was told that unloss she consented to one I of the two oonrses pointed out Bhe would be turned into tho stroet and oonveyoil to the yolioo station. This threat seemed to have somo effeot upon hor, for sho ultimately said, «They might do as they liked with hor.» Without giving her time to change her mind a fly was ordered, and she was taken off to the workbomo. Although naturally of a very strong constitution and robust frame indeod, she was so exhausted that sho had lo ho lifted in and out of the volitólo, and it is supposed that another nii'ht in tho same place would have resnltod fatally. On getting hor to the Union she was put into a warm bath, and thin gruel only ordered to bo administorod. Wo understand tho woman has a most violont and ungovernable tomnor, and is of a romarkably obstinato disposition. On a pre- vious oooasion, in one of her fits of passion, she attempted tostranglo horsolf, and she lins more than once boon in prison for wilful damage undor Bimilar oiroumstanoes. By a oompntation whioh wo havo made from the "London Oataloguo of Periodicals, Newspapers, and IransaotionH of various SooietieB,» just published by Messrs. Longman and Co., we find that the entire num- bor of periodioal pnblioationn of nil sorts now established in London is 729. Of theso no fewor than 369 are monthly publications, while 254 aro dailies and weeklies, 81 aro quarterlies, and 35 aro Transactions of Sooietlos. -lleadtr. A few day« since a gentleman travelling by railroad lo the south entered a first-olass oarriago, where he found a person already comfortably seated, who soon entered into conversation, and oivilly offered his now aoquainlanco n pinch of snuff, which was accepted, but had no soonor ontered his noBtrils than it produced the eß'eot of a pow- erful narootio, of which tho wary traveller soon took advantage by relieving his sleeping companion of 15,00(1 francs in bank notos, 3,000 franos in other money, be- sides his watob, ohain, and ring, with whioh valuables, it ¡g needless to Bay, ha osoaped undoteotod. It is stated that two intelligent oflioers, Lieut-Oolonol Galway, of tho Royal Enginoors, a member of the Ord nanoe Select Committee, and Captain Aldorson, Royal Artillery, ABsistant-Snporintendent of Experiments at Shoebnryness, have boen despatched to America, to wit- ness and report upon the operations going on, and par- ticularly on tho cffeob of the new ordnance lately introduced in that oountry. The Admiralty havo already Hont a naval oflioor on the same mission, whioh is similar to that held hy the American Gonorol Jl'Olellan during the Crimean war, when he visi'od the oombined armies, and also the Russians. The Maharajah Dnleop Singh, boforo quitting Eng- land for Madras, oausedtho body of his late mother to be removed from its temuornry rosting-placo at Konsnl greon, and transported for duo funeral ritos to the land of tho Maharanee's faith and birth. THE KINO OF TOE POOR.-At Croto, a trmall town in the Tyrol, thoro oxistB the custom of ohooslnga king of the poor. Tho individual on whom this dignity is con- ferred is usually some honost hard-working man, without debt, but also without any savings. Tho monarch in quostio« having reoontly died, a popular festival took place on the nomination of his suocossor. Tho king oleot was convoyed in an old cart to tho spot whoro the ooro mony of onthronisation was to take plaoo ; there an old and worm-eaten chair nnd tablo had beon placed on a platform ; the now sovereign was gravely plaood thero, and aftor being served with a very moagro ropast, accom- panied with some brandy, the last will of his predecessor, whioh wai dro.wn np in humonro* terms, was read uland j he was then led, followed by a procession of people almost in rags, into all the liquor shops, whoro drink was gi von gratiB. It has been decreed that for tho future gentlemen will only bo admitted to one Lovoo and ladies to ono Drawing Room during the year. We hope tho idea of giving tho privilege of prior right to those who make first application to tho Lord Chamberlain will bo abandoned, ao it will assuredly ongendor the boliof on the part of thoso who apply toa late that favour has bean shown, an d bo tho o iuse of complaint and of unpleasantness to the oflioialo. A young girl of sovontoon, tbo daughter of a Welsh miner named Collins, is said to havo suoh a beautiful voice that tho iulluontial people where sho resides intend to get her into tho Royal Academy of Muido, with the hope that she may prove a luminary in the nporatio world. An editor in the Car Wostrooontly bought a racehorse, and on being asked what an editor could possibly want with suoh an animal, ho ropliod that " it was to bo used In catching runaway subscribers." The Sultan intends to send a number of young Chris- tians to be oduoated in Paris for officers. ' They aro to be forbidden, on pain of being cashiered, to chango their religion. If the Conservative Land Sooioty progresóos in the way it has dono of late, it will be the most formidable and powerful polltioal association that was ever plannod. It has no IOSB thun fifty estates, and a capital of half a million. Upon snob a monetary basis «s this there ia great powor of_ enlargement, and the operations that wero begun quietly on teiiB of thousands will now bo done boldly tor hundreds of thousands. Thero is, in faot, no stopping tho vast growth of large money con oorns when thoy havo reaohed a oertain pitch. The banks are an instanoo, which from a capital of a million grow to wield the destiny of twenty and thirty millions within a few yoarB, and railways well managed seem also as prone to increase of bullion muscle. We aro told that M. Bordoux has manufactured papor of first-olass quality from wood, whioh will save eighty per aent. It will exactly suit the wooden style of certaiu writers we could montion. The Popo recently gave audlonco to Captain Grant, the discoverer of the souroe of tho Nile, and appeared to bomuolnntorestod in the maps submitted to him by that intrepid explorer and his accounts of thoso tropical regions. THE LOST TRIRES.-A Jew, an oflioor in tbo British Navy, during tho last war In Ohina, d¡«flavored 30 miles np a great river an immonse oity, surroundod on all sides by walls and fortifications, which contained abovo a mil- lion of inhabitants, all Jows. In no other part of the Chinese Empire aro thoro any Jam.-Court Journal. Considerable amusement in somo quarters, and alarm in others, lins been oreated by tho publication of a map by Mr. \Vyld of the proposed railways for the metropolis. Just take a p'an of London, and draw through i t as many rod lines as you can got stuffed in it, and in every fan- tastic variety of shape and form, and bohold the spootaclo whioh threatens to become a reality. When a now rail- way ia proposed in a oountry district every ono knows about it, looal interests are immediately formed to aid or opposo it, it becomes the talk for yoars, and oven chil- dren oan triumphantly point to the site and say "Thoro is where the railway is to run." London, on the other hand, is such a great big shapeless mass of population, without ooherenoy or vigour, that it may be out and car- ved upon like a dead oarcaBs without one man in a hundred taking tho trouble to find out where any givon linois to run, until he gets soma morning an order to quit lils house within a fortnight, as tho railway is to take a dash through his dining-room. MISTRESS ANO MAID.-The Hon. Mrs. Norton, writing to the Times, on the subjeot of domestio servants, sa>s : " Tho Crinoliniana of Orinolinomania might be multi- plied toan indofinito extent ; but is the servant-girl, who persists (as Punch pictures her) in opening the door ti> the swoopH dressed in that enormity, a whit more ridi oulous than the young lady, stooping to enter her carriage- with her real oorporeal frame Blonder and contrat as the tongue of a boll, set within the balloonoirouit of her expanded petticoat, or the portly and woll-dreBsed mother of a family who, lifting her little ono to her lap, lays it fondly down on n sort of concealed gridiron, covered with silk and muslin Î The qnostion still is, what we do before we come to what our servants do. Do wo over help them to bettor their leisure by turning their minds from vanity to simple and healthy ocoupation of thought ? Do ladies ('as a olass') ever bestow on servants ('as a olasB') ono-hundrodth part of the time they aro willing to givo to ' potiohomanie,' ' deoaloomnnio,' and nil the other manias for killing the hours of their wasted morn- ings 1 Those who do aro rewarded in gonoral for thoir toil. Of course there must be disappointments. Easy opportunities of deoeitand depredation, constant occasion to ape tho exterior luxury nnd apparent frivolity round them, and few chances of bottor and more serious com- munion with those who employ them-«ill sometimes bear bitter fruit. But these aro anrely exceptions. Mr. Rogers, the poot, used to say that ' all roon who had boon jilted spoko of the "fioklonCBS of womon," and all women who bad boen betrayed, of tho " falsehood of man ;" but thal things oame prettv oven.' In like mannor the musters and mistrossos who havo mot with individual instances of depravity mid ingratitude, among servants may reprobate the whole olass, but ' things come pretty even,' and muoh may bo said with happy truth in favour of these hired BharerB of our daily caros." Sir Fitzroy Kelly intonds to mako another oflbrt next session to induce tho House of Commons lo put nn end to the malt tax. Students for the Bar are in future to undergo an examination in English composition, literatura, and his tory, and the Latin language. Students will, in future, also be obliged to attond tho privato law classes. It is said that Mrs. Windham is enceinte. Of course this would make all the difl'oronoo in tho descont of the property. It is said that the Duke of Cleveland has left nearly u million sterling of porsonal property. It is stated that there will bo no loss than 500 new railway bills brought into Parliament this session. DRATH Tiittouoii FmaiiT.-On Monday Mr. H. Raffle'1 Walthaw hold an inquost at the Whito Hart Tavoin, Kingsland-rond, touohing the death of a young woman named Pri«oilh» May, aged nineteen, who lost her lifo through the praotioal joko of a Bervant in dressing up like a ghost.-Mr. R. May, a tradonman currying on busi- ness at No M5, Kiiigsland-road, said that deooasod, his daughter, was a drossmakor. Sho was in perfoot health whan, about faur months ago, »ho wont to Mr. liiylh's house in Hyde Park gardens to do Homo work. Sho re- turned Ihree days afterwards looking soriously affected in health. Sho oould hardly breathe. Her nostrils were greatly diatonded, and were plugged. Sho said that she had been torribly frighlonod tho night before. AH HIIO was going upstairs, sho stated, with the governess and tho servant, pnBt the bath- room, tho door of tho latter was seen to he open. Sha asked tho sorvant to aloso tho door, und the latter was going to do so when somolhing nil in white throw tho door wide open and appoarod from tho darkness. Sho said that filio instantly loll b.iok aorenming into tho arms of tho governess. Blood gushod fiom her nostrils and she wnsoarried down stairs insensible. A doctor waa sent for, and the «orvanis re- mained up with her all night. It appeared that the ap- parition in whito was a servant, who dressed liorself ull in white in a praotioal joke. Doooasod never recovered from the Bhook. She lost her appotite, and her mind beoame affeoted. Sho gradu- ally sank, and she dlod on tho 19lh instant, Emma Frisboy, nursery governess, said that sho made her appearanoo in while morely to frighten the person going upstairs. The othorsorvants knew nothing of her mtontlon. Sho told deooased that she was /ory sorry that sho had BO seriously frighlonod hor. Tho whole affair was afrailo ''out of har own hoad."-The jury returned a vordiot of " Death from obscure disease of tho brain and hystorla, aooeleratod by n fright ; and that tho aad death wai oausod by misfortune" There aro 73 collieries at present in Ireland, 31 of whioh aro in Loiimter, 29 in Munster, 7 in Connaught, mid (I in Ulster. Of these 4D only aro at present worked | Tho quantity of coal taken from them wns 120,000 tons u year, bul in 180« it amountod to 127,000. BLACK AND WHIT« -One William Mil, in a letter to tho Philadelphia Press, dated the 11th nit., writes»» follows ;-" I had ocoasion to doy to come into Philadel- phia from Germantown, ond ontered'ono of the oity pas songor oars for that purpose. Quickly tho oonduotor approached mo, ond 3 tendered him the fore, but before ho took time to hand mo tho change that was duo to mo, he invited me ' to stop out on the platform.' ' Why is this?' 1 remarked. ' It is agninst the rules," ho added. ' Whoobjoots?' I inquired. 'It is the oristoornoy,' he again added. ' Well, it is a cruol rule ! and I believe Ihn is the only city of noto in tho civilized world whoro a dcoont oolourod man oannot bo allowedto ride in n. city passenger car.' I told him that I paid taxes, &c;, hut, of course, it was all of no avail. Riding on tho platform on a bitter cold day like this, I need not say, is almost intolerable, but to oompol persons to pay tho same as those who onjoy comfortable Boats inside by a good fire seemi quito ntrooious. _ Yet I felt, under tbo oiroumstances, compelled to submit, to the wrong for tho sake of arriving at my placo of business in duo timo. But beforo I arrived at my destination it begun to snow, whioh, as I was thoroughly ohillcd, mado tho plulform uttorly intolerable ; hence I concluded to walk tho rost of tho distance, and accordingly got oil', fooling satisfied that nowhore in Christendom could bo found a hotter illustration of Judge Tanoy's decision in the Dred Soott case, in whioli he deolared that ' blaok men have no rights which white men aro hound to lospoot," than aro domonstroted by the 'rules' of the passenger cars of the City of Brotherly Love. A venerable old minister of the Gospel, in going from here . to his homo at Frankford, ono dark, cold, and rainy night last winter, while occupying tho only place on the plat- form assigned for coloured people, was killed. Who hu» forgotten this foot? One ovoning, in going homo from a leoture, two ologanlly dresiod young womon stepped into a car, and took seats, Tho conduotor courageously brought tho rules forward, and ono of thom instantly stopped out, while the other remained. The car was stopped, and the oonduotor seized her, and actually, by physical force, thrust her out of tho car. Tho father of this young woman pays several hundred dollars taxes annually, keeps his horsoand carriage, and livos ns nicoly ns most rospeotoblo oiiizens. But tho God-givon hue of tho skin of his daughter rendered hor obnoxious to the rulos of tho railway company, and sho had to sub- mit to tho outrago " MARRIED THE WKONO WOMAN.-A short time ago, » oandidate for matrimony arrived in town, and straightway ropiiirod to tho ollioe of our obliging county olerk, for tho purpose of obtaining a marriage certificate. Tho olerk misunderstood thouamo of the fair one who had becu making inroads,on the afl'eotioiiB of tho applicant, and consequeiitlyinsortcd the wrong minni of tho fomalo party who w,is to bo tied by the silken cords. The intended groom was so dolighted with tho prospect before bim that ho did not stop lo read tho document after it was placed in his hands, hut, forkingovcr two dollars, ho thrust tho legal privilege in his pocket. Gaining an audionco with tho object of his heart, tho two ropaired to the IIOUBO of a, clergyman, whero the document was prosentod, whioh in the oyos of the minister, appearing perfectly satisfactory, tho two wore united in the holy bonds of wedlock. The noxfc morning, upon sotting thcmselvcB at the bronkfnst table of one of our hotels, the groom commenced reading tho rooord of his marriage in the morning papers, and found that tho printers had him married to another woman. Thrusting his hand in his pooket, ho pulled out tho nisrriago lioonse, when, lo! and behold, to his uttor astonishment ha discovered that the clerk had committed the gravo error of inserting the wrong name of tho intended brido. Turning to th» objeot of his affection, and with an exci- ted yot, tremulous voice, he exclalmod: "Maria, a mis- take has boen made, nnd I nra married lo the wrong woman. Yon oro not my lawful wife." Maria gavo u, glauco at the dooumeut, and, with a half-drown nigh, answored ; " It's no use frotting, Jeremiah-it's too lato now !"-Maytville (American) Express. DELUSIVE PROSPERITY IN AMERICA.-Mr. M'Gullooh, the Comptroller of the Currency, hns nddrossed to Ibu officors of tho now national banks a cautionary circular in relation to the management of their institutions, from whioh we cxtraol_ theso true and tlmoly lomurks ; -" Bear constantly in mimi, nit hough tho loyal States appear suporfioially to bo in a prosperous con- dition, that suoh is not the f«ot. That while the Government is engaged in tho Hupprosston of a rebollion of unexampled fioroeness und magni- tude, and is constantly draining the country of its labor- ing and producing population, und diverting its mecha- nical industry from works of permanent, voltio to the construction of implemoiits of wnrfaro; whllo (litios are crowded, and the oountry is lo the same oxtent de- pleted, and waste and extraxaganoe provnil ns they never before prcvailod in the United States, tho nation, what- ever may be tho external indications, ii not prospering. Tho war in whioh wo aro involved is a storn nouossity, and mint ho prosecuted for the preservation of tho Government, no matter what may be its cost bul the country will unquestionably be the poorer every day it is continued, Tho seeming prosperity of the loyal: states ¡B owing mainly to the largo expenditures of tho Government, nnd the rodundant currency whioh these expenditures seem lo rendor neccossiiry. Keep these facts constantly in mind, and manage the allairs of your respective banks with a perfeot conaoiousiioss that Iii» apparent proinority of tho country will be proved to b» unreal when tho war is olosed, ¡f not beforo ; mid bo pre- pared by careful mono gement of the trust committed lo you, to help lo save the nation from a financial collapse, instead of lending your influence to make it more certain and more severe." The french havo adopted a system of establishing gardens in the vicinity of the garrison towns, whioli, being cultivated by the soldiers whon off duty, tilford «n ampio supply of vegetables to improve tho rations of the troops. Tho gardon« aro plaood under the superinten- dence of permanent non- commissioned ollioors, and assignod to different regiments, as they reliovo each other in garrison duty, NO that tho change does no cítiso any inconvenience to the seasonable operation, always going on. Tho seeds, manure, plants, «to, or' furnished by tho Government. 