BELL'S' BOWL OF RUM PUNCH. Answers to Correspondents. I URATEFUL IIUADBR.- Thanks for your high opinion pf us ; it shown your licnrt is good, though your mind is evidently weak. It so happens that Wc imvor drink any- thing but cold water hot, but as ne hiivo humber of ! friends who are always dropping in, and are invariably thirsty, you can scad the pipe' of Claret to "286" Castlereagh-strcet, and we will sae what wo can do with it. PETER.-There is no complete edition of Anon's Poems that wo know of, nor can wu tell you whore he was born. JULIET.'-The only woy to remove bunions that we are acquainted with is . to chango your pince of resi- dence. 1 A NICE Youno MAN TOR A SMALL PARTÎT.-YOU ask us how to form a " Magic King." It ia' very simple. Get a doten cats, take thom one by one in your lap, and while caressing them, artfully insert a dab of fresh butter on their extremities, drop them gently on tho floor, »nd tho effect jany be moro easily imagined than described. Tho guests will bo dolightcd, and you will be the lion of the evening. SIOHT-SBEB.-There are plenty of facilities offered for visiting Cockatoo. Perhaps tho least troublesome' is to call at one of tho banks, and ask a clerk to lend you £50. If he refuses, blow his brains ont-then walk down quietly to tho Water Police Station, state your caso, and they will give you a seat in their boot, and land you on the Island. Once lhere, you can stop quita as long as you like, if not longer. ' GREEN.-Cnn you graft, a pumpkin on n rhododendron? Certainly, ns for ns wo aro concorned. We never inter- fere with those things. SrtAKSCEUBAK.-Hamlet's romnrk "By Heaven I'll make a ghost of him that lets me" obviously means that he will do nothing of the sort, if they won't, aud as they don't, everything romains in "statu quo." IGNORAMUS.-The meuning of " Pro aria et focis",ia ham and eggs. CLARINDA says Bhe is ugly, forty-three, and penniless -do wo think ibero is any chance of her getting a hus- band ; Not tho slightest, dear Clarinda. KTIQUBTTK.-1. How often aro wo to tell you that a -gentleman always bows first ? 2. When you take wino at a dinner pnrty, always say " Here's luck." 3. Ifu footman takes away your plato before you have o chance of getting served three timos to soup, throw a potato nt him. Ho will thon brins; you the tureen, and you can help yourself. This is done daily among tho aristocracy, and by doing sp. yourself, you will prove your fitness to move in good society. LITEBATEUB.-Ifyou really aro serious m your desire to get on to a newspaper, go to t ho Herald office, and pay for n copy-spread it open, lay it on a chair, or a bench, »it upon it, mid there you aro. KNOX.-If a pugilistic champion pawns his belt, of course the pawnbroker becomes champion in hts placo, becauso ho holds the belt, and thu other can't take it from him. WOOLLOOMOOLOO.-Your quotation is incorrect, lt is not " Mors omnibus communis," but "Howard?* omnibus common is." A LOVBB OF Yr «TUE.-Your -stanzas aro too im- moral and obscene for publication. Try tho " Christian Bleeder" AMATEUR ASTRONOMER.-You are correct. Tho Sun always rises before noon of overy day. 