AMERICA. PROGRESS OF THE CIVIL WAR. We are indebted to Captain Jewel, of the barque Amateur, for San Francisco papers to the 25th of April. The telegraphic news from Washington and New York, via California, comes down to the 23rd, being nine days' later than our last advices by the English mail. Adverting to the aspect of affairs, in relation to the approaching struggle in Virginia—for which the contending parties were mustering their forces—the Evening Bulletin of the 23rd remarks :— Very naturally the loyal people of the States grow nervous as the crisis approaches. They expect to hear soon the crash of conflicting armies. More than ever before, since the war began, the fate of the Confederacy and the prospects of peace seem to hang on the issue of next great battle. It is among the possibilities that the collision may come and pass, and neither party be fatally affected by it. Should the armies of Grant and Lee, Thomas and Johnston meet and the result be no victory for the Union, while it would produce great political commotion and, perhaps, pitch overboard some officers who seem to stand firmly on their feet now, yet no one dreams that in the worst imaginable event the Government would retreat from its determi- nation to fight the thing through to final success, or, that if the Government faltered, the people would not give the Administration its walking papers, and re- place it with a firmer and still more warlike one. Possibly we have not allowed enough for the pluck and endurance of the rebels—possibly the loss of Richmond and of the interior of Georgia would no cause the Confederacy to roll its belly up towards the sun and give up the ghost. The Confederacy is a monster among Governments, and it is exceedingly difficult when you catch a fish the like of which never before swam, to tell where its seat of life is. This anomalous concern which, starting on and never forsaking its faith in slavery as a divine institu- tion, yet with slavery a putrifying corpse at its feet, fights now for the personal liberty of its leaders, has certainly a strange tenacity of life. A highly organ- ised animal generally dies when its heart is pierced— this concern more resembles that species of tortoise whose jaws snap maliciously even after its heart is chopped fine and is gone with its tenderer parts to swell the ample proportion of some fat alderman. But even the snapping-turtle abates his vigour and gives up trying to live when you have turned all his flesh into soup und pounded his head flat. That is what Grant is preparing to do, and what he is ex- pected to do to the Confederacy as the season advances. No one in the country has studied more practically the strength and weakness of the Con- federacy than Grant. He knows what limbs are already dead, what need one more stab to paralyse them, to what quarters the vitality is fled, and be- tween what ribs to strike to reach and spill it. He has boundless resources of men and materials to do his work with. It would be no strange thing if by the Fourth of July the war were substantially ended. Of course it cannot be unless the cam- paigns now organising are successful, and as no mortal has power to predict the issues of even the most promising campaign, and as the event of every battle depends more or less upon influences be- yond human control, there is an unusual nervousness felt as to the event especially of the next Virginia campaign. Banks' set-back on the Red River was a very serious thing for the General commanding, and its cost was great in lives and munitions of war. Any defeat is sincerely to be regretted, yet the success of Banks' expedition to Texas, however desirable, is not vital. It was undertaken rather as a supplement to last year's programme—a concluding essay of the anaconda policy than as any portion of this spring's plan, which aims at the centre to stab rather than by winding around the circumference to crush. Nor is it yet settled, bad as our men were handled there, that the rebels did not suffer about as much ; nor that Banks' expedition is more than temporarily checked. The rebels feel the necessity of some demonstra- tion in North Carolina. Governor Vance not only fears the consequences of permitting the men of his State to meet in convention, but dare not even allow the Legislature an extra session lest the represen- tatives of the people bolt from the Confederacy. The prospect of meagre crops, threats of instant starvation, exorbitant prices, and an utter disgust with Jeff Davis' tyranny and the war that has come of it, make North Carolina a broken bone in the side of the Con- federacy. Satisfied that she will not be quiet unless there is some show of relief for her, the rebels lately made a desperate effort to expel the Union troops from new the mouth of the Roanoke river, but were repulsed with great slaughter. The Governments of the loyal Western Border States are taking steps to defend their territory from the inroads of such raidsters as Forrest. They pro- pose a plan which will call off none of the veterans needed in the great armies of Grant. They ask the President to call out 100,000 volunteers from their States. Whether complied with or not, the request shows a gratifying disposition on the part of the States to leave their veterans where the greatest need of them is, and to defend by other means their homes threat- ened with invasion. On the whole, though no unmistakable movement toward a collision has yet been made in Virginia, there is renewed activity along all our lines, and there are abundant symptoms that the great and bloody struggle on which so much depends is not long to be postponed. The following are the united Press telegrams from the seat of war, which we quote chiefly from the Weekly Bulletin :— Chicago, April 15. The Times' account of the capture of Fort Pillow, says that on Tuesday morning [April 12th], Forrest, Chalmers, and M'Cullough, with from 6000 to 8000 men, attacked the Fort, garrisoned by a battalion of the 13th Tennessee cavalry, numbering 300 men and 200 negroes. Some citizens were also inside of the fort, who fought well. The women and children went over on an island. The enemy were hid and fired from behind [cover] for some time. A surrender was de- manded several times without effect. At last the enemy formed into two columns and made a direct assault. All the troops in the Fort fought like heroes, until the rebels were seen on the breastworks, when the negro troops gave way and ran down under the river bank. The white troops were ordered to take their place, but the derangement of the lines could not be remedied, and the enemy poured in, forcing the Federals back to the river. Here they were com- pelled to give up. The gunboat No. 7 threw 240 shells, but did not do much damage to the enemy. Our troops spiked three guns, which were captured by the enemy, who subsequently set fire to everything combustible, burning all the houses in town. The negroes who had taken refuge under the river bank were shot wherever found, notwithstanding the sur- render, forty-tune white troops were also shot and wounded after the surrender. The enemy took about 100 prisoners. The wounded number sixty-five. When the steamer Platte Valley left, on Wednes- day evening, the enemy were still there, and expressed their determination to remain. The citizens were re- turning. A New Orleans letter says :—A brilliant fight took place at Pensacola, recently, between the 23rd and 24th New York Cavalry and the 57th Alabama rebel Cavalry, in which the latter were almost annihilated in a hand-to-hand fight with sabres. New York, April 15. The Sentinel reports near1y 197,000,000 dollars of rebel debt funded and taken up by different States, while a large portion of the Confederacy had not yet been heard from. The Sentinel estimates that the total amount taken up is 250,000,000 dollars. General Asboth commands at Pensacola. The enemy are concentrating a heavy force at Polard, Ala., to cooperate on the line of railroad from Pensacola to Montgomery. Terrible persecutions are inflicted on the people who try to evade the conscrip- tion. Private despatches say that gold was quoted yes- terday, at noon, in New York at 173; and to-day at 175. The gold bill reported yesterday, proves further that none but bona fide owners, in actual possession, exchange, and forbids the sale of gold or foreign exchange, and forbids transactions except at the place of business of the buyer and seller. All contracts in violation of the Act are void, under penalty of fine or imprisonment. The bill was drawn at the Treasury Department. On Wednesday, Secretary Chase tele- graphed to Chairman Sherman and Hooper, from New York, urging immediate action thereon. Sixty pieces of artillery, consisting of 12-pounder howitzers, left here last evening for the Army of the Potomac. Louisville, April 15. A despatch from Colonel Gallup of the 14th Ken- tucky states that the rebels, 1000 strong, attacked his command, numbering 750, and, after a fight, the rebels were repulsed with severe loss, and were in full retreat for Pound Gap, pursued by our forces. The fight occurred near Paintsville. Colonel True is pushing forward from Mount Sterling in the direction of Pound Gap, to intercept the rebels. Chicago, April 16. Letters received detailing the capture of Fort Pil- low give even a more appalling description of the fiendishness of the rebels than the telegraph. Many of the wounded were shot in the hospital, and the remainder driven out and the hospital burned. The morning after the battle the rebels went about the field to shoot the negroes who had not died from previous wounds. Many of those who had escaped from the works and hospitals, who desired to be treated as prisoners of war as the rebels had promised, were ordered into line and inhumanly shot down. Of 350 coloured troops not more than fifty or sixty escaped, and not one of the officers in command of the coloured troops survives. General Chalmers told the correspondent that although it was against the policy of his Government to spare negro soldiers and their officers, yet he had done all in his power to stop the carnage; at the same time he be- lieved it was right. Another officer said our white troops would have been protected had they not been found on duty with negroes. The rebels suffered heavily, and their wounded well filled three hospitals, a short distance in the country. Cairo, April 16. A tow boat, which passed Fort Pillow since the Platte Valley, reports that while the flag was still flying, the rebels had not left. Four gunboats were there. Some wounded officers came up, and say they begged the enemy not to shoot them after surrender, but in vain. Five negroes, who were in the hospital, had been buried alive, two of whom had dug their way out with their lands. General Chalmers is re- ported to have been in command at the attack on Fort Pillow, at first ; but General Lee arriving before the battle, he assumed the command. Forrest, with his main force, proceeded, after the fight, to Brownsville, taking with him the captured guns. New York, April 16. A Harrisburg despatch says there is considerable excitement relative to the proposed transfer of the seat of Government to Philadelphia. A committee of the City Council of Philadelphia are urging the passage of the bill, offering, if necessary, 5,000,000 dollars for the erection of a new state Capitol in that city. The Confederate conscription has been suspended in the First Congressional District of North Carolina, and an amnesty was offered to all North Carolinians who are or have been in the Federal service. The Tribune's Army of the Potomac despatch says a majority of the sutlers, and other citizens, have left for Washington. An accession of three or four bri- gades to the enemy's force, opposite Racoon Ford, is reported on good authority. The World's special says, several deserters belonging to a New England regiment, escaped during the recent storm. The army is being constantly reinforced by the ar- rival of veterans. Three brigades of General Getty's division of the Fourth Corps have been reviewed, and other reviews and drills are in active progress through- out the entire army. The Herald's special from Alexandria, Va., the 15th, says this morning Mosby, at the head of 500 rebel cavalry, made his appearance on the line of the Orange and Alexandria railroad, near Bristol Station, and suddenly took by surprise the patrol for the pro- tection of that road between that place and Manasses. Twenty to twenty-five soldiers were captured. The rebels went away in the direction of Fredericksburg. A Washington special says : Having left the Army of the Potomac this morning, I speak knowingly of the prospects of the roads, which are so dried as to allow the freest locomotion, and there is nothing to hinder an early movement, the streams have assumed their wonted dimensions, and the roads are passable to say the least. The reason given on the street for the rapid decline in gold yesterday, is that Secretary Chase had sold from £400,000 to £800,000, sterling exchange. Cairo, April 16. The Glendale, the first steamer from Memphis since the temporary blockade of Fort Pillow, has arrived. Officers say that the rebels evacuated Fort Pil- low after destroying everything destructible ; they burned every building, and finished by blowing up the walls and fortifications of the defensive works. Washington, April 16. A bill to prevent speculation in gold passed the Senate to-day, and now awaits the action of the House. Despatches from head-quarters of the army of the Potomac state that a party of rebel cavalry made an attack on Bristow station yesterday noon, and were driven off after a brief skirmish, and several of them wounded. The train with General Grant on board had passed a few minutes before. It is supposed the intention of the rebels was to capture him. Cincinnati, April 17. Advices have been received here to the effect that orders have been issued calling out the volunteer militia on the 2nd May for active and field duty. Cairo, April 17. The steamer Siren of Illinois reports that Wert Adams' forces were defeated by troops from the Big Black a week ago. Several hundred prisoners were taken. We have no particulars. Ten gunboats are now up the Red River. Fortress Monroe, April 17. Fort Royal papers of the 14th report the capture of the side-wheel blockade runner Alliance, on the 12th, near Dawfuskie Island, Savannah river, where she ran aground. All but six of her crew were taken prison- oners. She was from Nassau, with an assorted cargo for the rebel government, valued at 85,000 dollars. The Savannah Republican of the 14th states that the Yankee prisoners at Andersonville, Georgia, are dying at the rate of twenty to twenty-five a day. The Nassau papers say that Mobile, Savannah, Charleston, and Wilmington, are less rigidly block- aded than ever. The papers also say that fast steamers are coming in with supplies for the rebels which pro- mise large profits. Chattanooga, April 17. All is quiet in front, with no change in the situa- tion. A rebel lieutenant, with fifty-two non-commis- sioned officers and privates, came into our lines last night. They report that Hardee's corps had been ordered away from Dalton. Several teams had left before they came away, and it was believed in the rebel camp that they were going to Virginia. New York, April 17. The Richmond Examiner has a rumour that Burn- side's forces were landing at Newport News. The same paper places the strength of Grant's army at 44,000 infantry, and says 20,000 reinforcements will be the extent of his present resources. New York, April l8. The Herald's army despatch states that General Kilpatrick left for Washington, and will thence pro- ceed to Nashville to report to General Sherman, for the command of the cavalry of the Army of the Cum- berland. General Custer, with the Second Brigade, is trans- ferred from the Third to the First Division. General Davis has been ordered to report to General Gregg, commanding the Second Division. Previous to Kilpatrick's departure he received, by a flag of truce, a letter from General Lee, inquiring whether the orders found upon Colonel Dahlgren, as published in the Richmond papers, were authentic and authorised by him. His reply was a bitter and indig- nant denial. There is little doubt but the reason why Dahlgren's body was not given up was because of its shameful mutilation and unchristian burial. The steamer Fulton, from Port Royal, has arrived. When the blockade-runner was caught by the South Carolina, off Savannah, her crew, thirty in number, were all found asleep. Her passengers, six in num- ber, escaped in a boat. The cargo and vessel were worth 125,000 dollars. A despatch from Newburn, North Carolina, the 12th, says, that according to the Raleigh Progress, the people of Western North Carolina recently hung several Confederate officers and soldiers for attempt- ing to enforce the conscription. The railroads of North Carolina are busily engaged transporting rebel troops and supplies. The bank statement shows a decrease in loans of over 5,000,000 dollars; a decrease in deposits of 2,100,000 dollars ; an increase in specie of 753,000 dollars. The following private dispatch was received here this morning:—New York, April l8.—Gold, 169. Greenbacks scarce. Several stock-brokers failed. Money tight. Gold will decline unless money (paper currency) becomes more free. Chicago, April 10. Advices from Red River say the fight reported to have taken place on Cave River was at Henderson Hill, twenty miles distant. Five Federal regiments and one battalion were engaged. 19 officers, 208 privates, 2 brass 6-pound howitzers, 4 caissons, 280 horses, and about the same number of small arms, were captured. Mobile papers contain a synopsis of a speech of Vice-President Stephens, at Milledgeville, in which he said the bill suspending the Habeas Corpus was constitutional but dangerous. He did not believe the President would abuse the powers conferred upon him, but abuse might he exercised without his know- ledge. If a suspension was necessary, which he did not admit, it was dangerous to freemen, and if not protested against would be fastened on us as the policy of the Government. The Currency Bill he thought unwise and severe, and the Military Bill fatal, if executed, as it diminished producers to such an extent as to interfere with the necessary supply of food. Cairo, April 19. A rebel mail carrier, with 500 letters from Richmond and other points east of the river, was captured on the night of the 4th, three miles below Crockett's Bluff, Arkansas. These letters contained official communi- cations for Shreveport. 60,000 percussion caps were also captured with the messenger, and Southern papers containing Forest's despatches in regard to his attack on Paducah. He says he held the town ten hours, and could have held it longer, but he retired because the small-pox was raging. He says his loss at Union City and Paducah was only twenty-five killed and wounded, while the Federal loss at Paducah was fifty killed and wounded. 600 Yankees were captured by the expedition sent to Delapolis. Refugees from Central Texas represent that a aeries of fearful outrages had been committed upon persons suspected of Union sentiments. As many as 100 had been hung and shot by vigilance committees, under sanction of the military authorities. A Portsmouth (Virginia) correspondent reports the result of the recent expedition for the purpose of cap- turing the rebel torpedo boat which lately attempted to destroy the Minnesota. It was not found, but several sharp skirmishes were had with the rebels. 50 contrabands, and a large number of horses were brought in. General Banks was at Grand Ecore River on the 16th. The army moved forward that morning towards Shreveport. Accounts from the rebel lines say that the feeling in Kirby Smith's army was bad, and that he had not more than half the men to stand a fight that were reported. He is very unpopular among the Louisianians. Later intelligence confirms the report that large numbers of citizens are daily subscribing to the am- nesty oath. Works without guns were found here by General Banks. All the cotton along the river has been burned. Letters dated Grand Ecore, La., of the 10th and 11th, say our cavalry of the third and fourth divisions of the 13th Army Corps, after a hard fought action, were overpowered and put to flight by a largely superior rebel force. The Nineteenth Corns came np and finally checked the enemy. Our loss is reported at 2000. The Chicago Mercantile battery lost all their guns, four officers, and 22 men. Baltimore, April 19. The inauguration exercises of the Maryland Sani- tary Fair last night were very imposing. President Lincoln was present, and, in response to repeated calls, made a brief address. He referred to the great change which had taken place in Baltimore the last three years. When he alluded to the massacre at Fort Pillow, he said many supposed the Government did not intend to do its duty in regard to the pro- tection of coloured soldiers. He desired to say that all such were mistaken. When the question respect- ing coloured men as soldiers was left to the Govern- ment, it rested very much with himself whether he should make soldiers of them or not. He pondered the matter carefully, and when he became convinced that it was his duty to employ them, he did not hesi- tate. He stood before the American people respon- sible for the act—responsible before the Christian world—and should stand responsible in the eye of the historian. He did not shrink from it ; he hesi- tated not. He declared that the Government would protect them the same as white soldiers, whenever a clear and authenticated case was made out. Hitherto it had been difficult to ascertain with certainty what the Government's decision in a matter so serious should be. But in the Fort Pillow affair he thought we were likely to find a clear case. When Govern- ment does know the facts from official sources, and should they substantiate the reports, retribution will be surely given. The President's remarks were warmly applauded, and especially his determination to retaliate for the barbarous deeds of the rebels. The Herald's Washington despatches state that Grant will appoint M'Clellan to a command in the army of the Potomac. Washington special despatches say that it is re- ported that Gilmore has been relieved from the com- mand at Charleston, and has been ordered to service elsewhere. It is not unlikely, notwithstanding this change, that our ironclads will be alongside Charles- ton wharf before the end of summer. General Hatch has been mentioned as the successor of Gilmore, Twenty-two blockade runners (steamers) had left Havana. A letter dated Grand Ecore, Red River, says that our cavalry had been driving the enemy for two days, but in the forenoon of the 8th they sent back word for infantry support. General Ransom, in command of the third and fourth divisions of the Thirteenth Corps, was ordered to send a brigade and did so. At noon he was ordered to send up all of the fourth division and went up with them. After advancing about five miles from where the third division and Nineteenth Corps were encamped, the rebels made a stand, and our line, consisting of only 2400 men, formed in a belt of woods with an open field in front, and the enemy in the woods on the opposite side. General Charles P. Stone, of Ball's Bluff fame, Chief of General Banks's staff, took the direction of movements. General Ransom was in favour of advancing only in force, but his wish was disregarded, and after keeping up a skirmish firing across this open field for about an hour, the enemy advanced in overwhelm- ing numbers, estimated at 10,000 strong. All our available troops were sent to the front and opened on the enemy. They lost heavily but advanced steadily, and made our cavalry give way and the infantry fell back. In a few moments the enemy pressed us so closely, and the panic of the cavalry was so demoralising, that the retreat became a rout. While endeavouring to save the artillery, General Ransom was wounded severely in the leg, and his adjutant, Captain Dickey, was killed. The Chicago Mercantile battery lost all their guns, and the captain was taken prisoner. Two lieutenants were killed. While the fourth division was falling back in disorder, three divisions, numbering only 1800 men, came up, and was immediately routed ; and finally the Thirteenth Corps, with 7000 men, came up and formed in line, and checked the enemy, and held them until we got all our trains off, except that of the cavalry. The whole army is now falling back here. They must wait and reorganise before proceeding fur- ther towards Shreveport. Our loss is said to be 2000. Washington, April 10. In the Senate to-day the bill to repeal the Fugitive Slave Law passed to a second reading. Richmond papers report a mutiny in General War- field's brigade, at Bristol, Tenn., recently. Some 200 members were dissatisfied with the quality of the rations, broke open the store of the Commissary and plundered it. The provost guard fired on them, kill- ing and wounding five or six. The rest escaped with their plunder. The Times's Washington special of the 19th says :— It is rumoured here to- night that Lee is moving a por- tion of his army to this side of the Rapidan, near Madison Court-house. Nothing, however, of reliable information has been received. The presence of a considerable rebel cavalry force near Leesburg has in- duced measures to be taken to check an advance, should it be attempted. It is represented that General Grant has decided to send to the front such men of the invalid corps as are able to bear arms, and return to their homes those disabled from active service in the field. Information has been received that a large body of rebel cavalry, supposed to be from the main army, were at Leesburg and the vicinity, seizing forage teams and taking them off towards Upperville. Colonel Lowell immediately started with a brigade of cavalry from Vienna, supported by General Tyler's brigade of infantry, from Fairfax court-house to give them battle. Hedge's rebel brigade attacked Colonel Gillespie's force at Painsville, on Tuesday last, but was repulsed. Gillespie pursued the retreating rebels with 800 men of the 14th and 39th regiments, and surprised them on the 14th in camp, at Half Mountain, capturing 70 prisoners, 200 horses, 400 saddles, 300 stand of arms, and all their camp equipage. 85 rebels were killed or wounded. Private letters have been received from Red River— one dated Grand Ecore, the 10th, and another Alex- andria, the 12th—stating that the army under General Banks met with reverses on the 8th, near Mansfield. Our army fell back, and on the next day the rebels attacked them and were handsomely whipped, the loss being heavy on both sides. An Alexandria letter of the 9th says the rebels are burning all the cotton on the Red River and Onachita. Washington, April 20. In the Senate, yesterday, the bill to repeal the Fugitive Slave law was amended by accepting the Act of 1796. A motion to table was lost. Philadelphia, April 21. The Enquirer says that rebel deserters who have arrived at Washington state that Lee's force on the Rapidan is 60,000. Longstreet was at Charlottesville, marching toward Staunton, for the purpose of ad- vancing down the Shenandoah Valley. Lee's army has received seven days' rations for a forward move- ment. The following information has been received from the army of the Potomac:—Five deserters of the 45th Virginia rebel regiment came into our lines yesterday. It is positively ascertained that Longstreet's army is at Orange Court-house. Lee's entire forces are not more than 35,000 or 50,000 strong. The rebels are vigilant, strictly forbidding their pickets to hold com- munication with ours. Cairo, April 21. The naval despatch-boat General Lyon, from Red River, has arrived, and we have the following in regard to affairs in Bank's Department : The fight of the 8th was at Sabine Cross Roads. The rebels are said to have numbered 35,000, from Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri. On the morning of the 8th General Banka sent forward a cavalry force, with a supply train of 100 waggons, to Natchitoches. They soon began skirmishing with the enemy, whom they found in force at Pleasant Hill, about forty-five miles from Shreveport. The commander of the cavalry thought the rebel force small, and sent a message to General Banks to that effect, but asked for reinforcements. Ransom's division was sent forward by brigades, which were successively defeated, by placing them- selves between the rebels, who were on both sides of the road, and closed in on one before the other could come up. The enemy took the supply trains, and killed and wounded a large number. They took many prisoners and threw the remainder into con- fusion, so that they retreated rapidly, the rebels in hot pursuit. As they approached General Smith's forces, which were drawn up in line of battle, the latter opened his lines and let the fleeing troops pass before the enemy came up. He then closed his lines and prevented further chase, driving the enemy back. The next morning General Smith attacked the enemy under Kirby Smith, Dick Taylor, Magruder and Holmes, defeating them badly and driving them back. The Federals took a large number of prisoners, and killed and wounded more than the rebels did the day before. The fighting was desperate. General Smith is con- sidered to have saved the whole army. General Banks finally fell back to Grand Ecore on account of the scarcity of rations, and sent a message to Admiral Porter, who was fifteen miles above, to return with the transports containing supplies for the army. As the boats came down, the enemy appeared on the banks of the river, and the stream being narrow, tried to get on board of them. The gunboats Cricket, the flagship Chillicothe, the Osage, the Neosho, Fort Heiman, Gazelle, and Lexington, and the armed transport Brown, opened on them, killing and wounding, during the 11th and 12th, about five hundred. But few on the boats were killed or wounded. The rebels have sunk the steamer New Falls City, formerly the St. Louis, a New Orleans packet directly across the river, eighty miles below Shreveport. The fleet had reached it and made pre- parations to blow it up, when the order was given to return to Grand Ecore. General Banks' whole loss is at least 2000. The fighting on both sides was desperate. The enemy exhibited a great deal of recklessness, and on the second day a large number of field officers were slain. Our loss during the first day's fight was 2000 men, 22 cannons, and 100 wagons. Chicago, April 22. Reports of an intended raid on an extensive scale into Kentucky, under Buckner and Breckinridge, continue to be received. A Cairo special despatch says that a gentleman who escaped from Jackson, Tenn., on the 13th, stated that Forrest was there with thirty-nine regiments—twenty- six under Forrest's immediate command, and thirteen under Chalmers'. 50,000 men have been conscripted by the enemy since their occupation of West Tennes- see and Kentucky. New York, April 22. The Times' Washington special says, General Grant had left for the front, and General Burnside for Fortress Monroe. It is understood that the recent developments of the intentions of the rebels, render an early movement of the army of the Potomac highly probable. The recent order of General Grant's, banishing suttlers, rids the army of over 2800 supernumeraries. The War Department has ordered an addition of 15,000 beds for present hospital accommodations in Washington. All patients able to bear removal are to be sent North at once. It is again reported with credence that Lee has sent part of his army into the Shenandoah Valley, with a view of compelling Grant to divide his army by send- ing a force in pursuit. The World's Washington special says Governors Brough, Lewis, Morton, Curtin, and Yates, had along interview with the President to-day, to urge upon him the necessity of calling 200,000 more men into service, for the defence of the States bordering the Ohio River, and especially Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky. They claim that, if especially authorised, they could raise that number for that duty by volunteering. The President, as things look now, seems disposed to issue a call for 200,000 men, to be raised only in the western States. Baltimore, April 22. The American has a special despatch from Norfolk that a steamer arrived there from New Orleans via Moorehead City, and was taken possession of to bring important dispatches to General Butler. The captain reported that a rebel ram came down to within a few miles of Plymouth, N.C., on the 18th, and attacked our fleet and sunk the gunboat Bombshell and two other gunboats, names unknown. The greatest anxiety prevails at Plymouth. It is generally ex- pected that it would have to be evacuated. It was thought that General Peck would be able to hold Newbern. New York, April 22. A Washington special to the Commercial Advertiser says :—Military rumours state that the Navy De- partment has positive information from the Southern blockading squadron of the completion of the long- talked of rebel rams. Chicago, April 23. The Richmond Examiner of the 6th says that Com- missioner Ould has effected a cartel for the complete exchange of prisoners. The Governors of the Western States have modified their request to the President for a call of troops for the defence of the border States, and now limit their request to 100,000 men for six months. It is doubtful if the request will be complied with. Edward Benton, for two years past a resident at Fort Pillow, and who was in the fort during the recent attack, has been examined at General Rose- crenas headquarters, and fully corroborates all the previous reports of rebel barbarities, making an addi- tional statement that bloodhounds were used to dis- cover the hiding-places of those who escaped the massacre. Cairo, April 23. Intelligence has been received from Little Rock, Ark., to the 15th, which says the expedition under Colonel Clayton, consisting of 1000 infantry and five regiments cavalry, with six pieces of artillery, reached Pine Bluff after a raid to Saline River, where they encountered a force of rebels 3000 strong. The first encounter took place near Branchville, where the rebels were defeated after three hours' fighting." They retreated, our forces following them up to near Mount Elba, on the Saline. The next day we occupied the place without resistance. Our forces here divided, one detachment crossing the river and the other recon- noitering this side. The enemy were found some dis- tance from Mount Elba, having been reinforced and ad- vancing on our forces. Hasty preparations for their reception were made by extemporising fortifications of logs, rails, and cotton bales. The enemy charged three times, and each time were repulsed. They finally retired after six hours vain effort to dislodge us. Our forces then charged on them, scattering them in all directions. In this and the engagement at Branch- ville we killed eighty-four, wounded 350, and cap- tured fifty. In the meantime the force which had been, sent across the river was busy, and returned in the evening, having marched fifty miles. During the trip they captured a train of fifty waggons filled with supplies. The train was under an escort of 300 rebels. The entire train was captured and destroyed, and the entire 300 men taken prisoners. Over 1000 horses and mules fell into our hands. These events took place about the 30th of March. New York, April 23. The Times's Washington special despatch says the House Judiciary Committee are ready to report the Senate Bill abolishing slavery by Constitutional amendment. They will endeavour to get an early vote, but are doubtful if the necessary two-thirds will be found in favour of it. The latest authentic intelligence states that the rebels were busily engaged strengthening the fortifica- tions of Richmond, and the opinion prevails that Lee will fall back there when Grant advances, and no con- siderable resistance will be made along the line of the Rapidan. Intelligence from New Orleans to the 15th states that the loss of the fourth division of the Thir- teenth Army Corps, in the battles of Red River, on the 8th, were 1125 killed, wounded, and missing. The losses of the third division of the same corps, were 350. No one attaches any blame to either Ransom or Franklin, the movement, which re- sulted in the disaster, being contrary to the advice of both these officers. They did all that officers could, obeying the orders of their superior, under the cir- cumstances. On the 9th, the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps, with part of a division of the Nineteenth Corps, whipped the rebels badly, driving them seven miles before they were ordered to retire. Our loss this day is reported at 1000 killed, wounded, and missing. The Washington special to the Evening Commercial says: People who are predicting immediate battles in Virginia will probably be disappointed, unless General Lee either advances in force or makes a demonstration toward Pennsylvania. Reports are freely circulated that Grant and Stanton have quarrelled, but the Chronicle of this morning con- tains an authentic denial of the report. The total shipments of gold to Europe to-day were 1,875,000 dollars. Washington, April 23. General Totten, Chief Engineer U. S. A., died yes- terday. Richmond papers state that General Cooper has re- ceived the following despatch from Baton Rouge:— "We met the enemy near Shreveport and the Union force was repulsed with great loss. The gunboat Essex or Benton was destroyed by a torpedo in Red River, and one transport was captured by the Con- federates. Admiral Farragut is reported as preparing to attack Mobile. Six Monitors are coming to him. The garrisons at New Orleans and Baton Rouge are very much reduced for the purpose of increasing Banks' force." 