COMPLIMENTABY DINNEB TO ME. W. WiLLLViMS, 'JUMEUA.CHA, Mr. W. Williams, of Gumeracha, wheat-buyer, was publicly honoured by a complimentary dinner on Wednesday, September 2S. Uumeracha, as one of the wheat-producing dis tricts of the colony, nas lor some time past ueen rapidlv rising in importance. Every ye:ir fiesh indications of its progress are visible, and perhaps iu no period of its history wew these evidences of its material prosperity more plainly manifest than at the present time. Ou entering the township new buildings iu course ot erection meet the eye ot the traveller on one sidl1, ami ilelds of corn, prolific fruit and vegetable garde us, and other indices of progression proclaim the district to be teeming with bustle and activity on the other. The new Institute building is now nearly com pleted, the Court-House and its appendages are assuming an intelligible appearance, and various other local improvements, including many which owe their origin to the District Council, show that the inhabitants of this part of the couutiy are doing their utmost to render their district one of the chief supports of the colony. It is pleasing to be able on this occasion to direct atten tion to these matters; and it anything were wanting to prove the correctness of our observervations we could not perhaps do better than point to the prospective establish ment of the Gumeracha Fair, to be held on Wed nesday, October 5, and to be conducted on the same principle as those which have been found by experience to conduce so largely to the welfare of those inteiested in such institutions in the mother country. ,We trust that the laudAble exertions of the Committee may prove eminently successful. On Wednesday evening about 50 persons, in cluding several ladies, testified their esteem of the guest, who is shortly to leave the district, by dining at the District Hotel in recognition of the benefits he has conferred on the district as a wheat-buyer. The large room of the hotel was suitably prepared for the event by tasteful decorations, and a portion of Schrader's brass brand was engaged, to give additional eclat to the proceedings. Mr. H. Dawson, J.P., occupied the chair, and was sup poited on his right by the guest of the evening and Mr. Alex. Forrest, Chairman of the District CounciC and on his left by Mr. H. Creed and Mr. E. G. Day. The vice-chair was filled by Mr. J. 1 IixL-ap vrhn triw unnnnrtrd nn his riirht bv Air. H. Evans, and on his left by Mr. Alexander Greig. The Chairman, at the conclusion of the dinner, suitably disposed of the preliminary toasts. Mr. A. Greig proposed 'The Parliament,' and somewhat minutely referred to the various ques tions engaging attention. . The ChaikmaK made a few responsive remarks, observing that it was his opinion that the Parlia ment would allow no iujury to be inflicted on either class in the settlement of the question of the pastoral leases. Air. Thos. Day prooosed 'The Health of the District Council of Talunga,' remarkiug that 12 years ago that body was not in existence, but thit during the past eight years their good roads had been made by them, and were now in a fit condi tion for the reddents to travel on, or even His Excellency if he chose to visit them. (Applause.) Mr. A. FOKKE3T said it gave him inexpressible pleasure to think that the District Council had served so well the interests of the ratepayers. The people had themselves to thank for it; for without good backers the District Council could do very little. Mr. S. Dawson regretted that the important toast he had to propose had not been committed to abler hands, although he had every wish to do justice to it The very fact of so many persons being present impressed him with its importance, and showed the true worth of competition. He should have stated that the dinner had been given to Mr. Williams in acknowledgment of the good he had done the district in his capacity of wheat-buyer. They could recollect when he first came in the district. At that time they only had one blacksmith, one boot maker, and one representative of the various other trades; and, they would remember, only one wheat-buyer also. They would likewise bear in mind the benefits which Iiad resulted from the competition so introduced, aud that their guest had been the cause of having a reduction of from &i; to 4d. made in favour of the farmers. (Sear and applause.) Thus by competition' the farmers had received material beneht, the sum paid to them, for their produce being within 4d, of the Adelaide price. Now he thought the farmers should support those districts in which competi tion mostly existed, for they bad it themselves iu every hill and gully, and therefore he maintained that no person should be so ready to take advan tage of competition as the farmer. Probably some persons would say that Mr.' Williams had only started for his own pecuniary advancement. Well, who did not do so? Where was the man who did not start with the same object in view? (Hear, hear.) But it was not every mau who had done so under circumstances like hose in which Mr. Williams was placed. (Applause.) And he contended that though a man did not always gain by the amount he put in his pocket, yet he would by a straightforward honest course in the end en sure success. Before Mr. Williams became a wheat-buyer all the wheat from the Bbine went on to Lyndoch, notwithstanding that the road to Gumeracha was much better and the price much nearer that given in town. (Cheers.) He would conclude by stating that some three years ago Mr. Williams came there as a stranger, and had, by pursuing his business as a straightforward man, won the golden opinions of many;. and although there was a number of croakers who said this and that yet this was a universal fact, and there would have been a great many more present (who had bought tickets) had they not been I unavoidably prevented from attending. He would ask them to drink Mr. Williams's health in a cordial manner, as he was about to leave them, . ind to join with him in expressing his hearty fishes for that gentleman's success in the new ! ield in which he was about to labour. j Band— 'For he's a jolly good Mow,' and ; ' Hurrah' by the company. ', The Chairman endorsed the statements of the '? previous speaker, and remarked that Mr. Williams's j ?-}-ject had been to buy none bat good corn, and to jive a fair price for it; and it was due to him » say that his dealings Iiad bacn manly and aonourable in all his transactions. . ! ..Air. WiLUAiis, the guest of the evening, in rising was grteted with repeated bursts of applause. He said he rose with feelings of pleasure and latitude to acknowledge the compliment and lonour they had so unsparingly bestowed upon tiira, and it was ilillicuit to find words to express ' liis feelings. He felt liai.py and preuH to see so many around him. He had no intention when he lirst arrived there to start as a wheat-buyer ; bui on looking round he observed that it was a large wheat-producing country, and that there was no market worth speaking of on the NorthEastern roau, and the thought occurred to him that he migbt serve both the interest of the public and himself by affording facility for the disposal of their produce. (Hear, hear.) He might say that this omened well for his career in the future; for this was the paly line of business he bad ever started in, or. in colonial phraseology, this was the first time he had been on his own hook— (laughter) —and he should look back with pride to that time. If all young men similarly circumstanced met with the same encouragement he thought it would furnish them with a fresh stimulus to success. He had been in Victoria and other places, but had never felt so much pleasure in residing there as hare; und although he was going away he should, if he prospered sufficiently to enable him to 'settle down,' as the saying was, come back to the dis trict— (cheers)— f»*r he had become attached to both the people and the place. (Applause. Now that he was going away he would wish success to the district Bespectmg the crops, although they were not looking very well just then, he hoped the rain would reinvigorate them, and they would soon require two or three wheat-buyers. (Cheers.) Mr. Forhest proposed 'The Agricultual In terests.' With respect to farming, he thought they must try some other method of raising their crops, as he saw they were giving way again in Gumeracha, Knowing that, it behoved every one to use all the means that lay in his power to find out the cause ; for he believed it was in the ground (Hear, hear.) Last year the ground was affected in small patches, but now much larger. It was only the other day, while using a spade at the root of a plant ne found that it was ail white like au apple- tree. This was on a black soil. On a red soil he found it was different ; and he thought that this was a fact which should have due considera tion wheu an investigation took place. He hoped some encouragement would be afforded to those who were desirous of taking Mr. Williams's place, (tiear and applause.) A gentleman of the company wished to make a little explanation, respecting wheat-growing. The cause of the rust lie thought, might be traced to the circumstance that the soil in Gumeracha was really worked out (No.) In the first place, he observed that where the soil had been worked for a long period just the same results as those men tioned followed, but in lich soil it was different. Although he was out of place, he liked to give expression to his view on so important a subject. He had seen soil worked that was only two inches thick. Mr. Dawson, Jun., said, although he did not wish to give rise to a discussion on the matter, he would point the last speaker to some land only just behind the church, whjch had grown but two crops, aud where the same rust was visible. Mr. Dicker returned them his thanks for drinking the last toast so heartily. He had been connected with the agricultural interests for 40 years, aud he had eight or ten acres of *good land utf&ted; in the manner described. He thought it was the grub in the bottom of the soil. (Hear, hear.) So much for a good bit of ground. This was bis opinion, and he was an agriculturist of 40 years' standing— not by theory, but practice. After a fe w further remarks, he concluded by repeating his thanks to the company. ? The Chairman thought Mr. Dicker had gone nearer to the root of it, as he had evidently found it was the root (Laughter.) A Voice — 'Yes; the root of all eviL' (Laughter.) Mr. CttEEDgave 'The Interests of Gumeracha.' That horrible ghost- (a Voice-' Which ?')-the interests of Gumeracha had been haunting him for some time past and he should have to reiterate what he had said on a former occasion where there were only two or three people to respond to it ex cepting 'our own correspondent.' They were just puffing up their worthy selves in drinking to the toast with regard to (lUiueracha. He pointed to the new buildups which were being erected, to the two cuttings, and to the roads, to show they had progressed greatly in a social position, and leaving out wheat- buying, it spoke highly of the district to have its Institute if nothing else. Itegarding the failure in the crops, he differed from Mr. T. Day, and mentioned a iact which had come under his own knowledge, to the effect that in two spades of soil casually taken up 15 grubs, well armed with legs, &c;, were found. He did not set this up as a theory; but would not the use of the roller crush them? (Hear, hear.) Accordinsr to Mr. Dawson's view, the cause was like that of the apple blight; but they were diverging too much. (Hear, hear.) He was speaking of their institute, of their chapels aud churches, (.Vc, as indications of their progress, but they must not forget their wheat market 'No and Hear, h ar ) Then there was the fair -the great affair iu which they were going to make a market of their oivn produce— (Hear, hear)— and not be dependent on auy particular buyer. (Applause.) Mr. DAT responded in a brief and suitable manner, and referred to the Gumeracha Fair as biung of great interest to all concerned, and which ho hoped would be a successful stunning af-fair. (Langhter.) Mr. Andrew Turnbull briefly proposed ' The Ladies,'1 which was acknowledged by Mr. Lewis. Mr. Creed gave ' The Visitors.' observing that some of them had come about 18 miles to parti cipate in the evening's enjoyment, and to do honour to their worthy truest. Mr. Howard suitably proposed 'The Chair mau,' who appropriately responded. 'The Viee-Chairinan's Health' having been pro posed and responded to, 'The Hostess1' was given by the Chairman. Mr. Soar proposed 'The Press,' which was acknowledged by Mr. J. BANSGROVE on l-chalf of this journal, and by Mr. T. McCakbon for the Advertiser. The tables were now cleared, and after a shoit interval the merry votaries of Terpsichore, among whom were ' the old, the young, the matron, and the maid,' deported themselves with untiring energy until l'licebus peeping o'er the adjacent hills warned them to take their departure. 