THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA. Via California later intelligence has been reooived to the Sfiril A til. The subjtonco of tho informetiin has been anticipated by tho intercolonial telegraph, but we now give some details of the news which has not boen already published. . Tho Broiling Bulletin of tho 23fd remarks: —"Very naturally iho loyal people of the States grow nervous as Iho crisis opproaohrs. Thoy cxprot (o hear soon tho crash of con flicting ennirs. More thnn ever btforo aincc tho war bee un tho futo of the Confederacy and the prospects of piaco seem to hang on the iaiuo of tire next greet battle. It is among the possibilities that tlin collision msy como and pass, and neither ps>ty bo fatally effected by it. Should the arums of Grant and I>u, Thomas and Johnston meet and the result be no vioiory for the Union, while it would pro- duco great poliiical ccmmo:ion and, perhaps, pitch overboard some c (Il.crs who seem to stand firmly on llifir feet now, yet no ono drcema thai in tho worst imaginable event tho Government woubi ritr.at from ils determina tion to fijht the thing through to final euccesp, pr, that if tho Government faltirod, the people would not give tho Administration its walking paper,, and repkee it with a firmer and still more warlike ono. Possibly wo havo not allowed enough for the pluck and endurance of the rebels — possibly the loss ofEiuhmond and cf iho interior of Georgia would no; cause the Confederacy to roll its belly up towards the son and give up tho ghost. The Confederacy is a monster r.mong Governments, nnd it is exceedingly difficult when you catoh a fish the like oi which never before ewarn, to toll where its aeat of life is. This anomalous concern which, starting on and never forsaking its faith in slavery as a divine institution, yet with slavery a putrifying corpse at its feet, ilghls now for tho personal lib.riy of ite leaders, has certainly a strange tenacity of life. A highly organised animal gonorally dies when i's heart is pierced— this concern more resembles that species of tortoise vrhoso jaws snap maliciously even eltoe its heart is chopped due end is gone with its tenderer parte to swell the umplo proportion of soma let alderman. Put cvon thu snapping turtle abates his vigour and gives up trying to livo when you have tuiiiud all his llesh into soup and pounded Ins head fist. That ia what Grant is preparing to do, nnd what ho is ox- pectod to do to the Confederacy as tho season advances. No one in tho oountry has studied more pruutically tho btreng'h and wenknoesof tho Confederacy than Grant, lie knows what limbs are already dead, what need ono mora tab to paralyse them, to what quarters tho vitality is fled, and between what ribs to striko to roach uud ipiil it. Ho has boundless resources of tuon r.ml materials to do his work with. It would ba nu strange thing if by tho Ifourth of July tho war were subatiniiolly ended. Of course it cannot bj unions tho eam- p'aigna now organising aro sucocsslul, and as no mortal has power to prodiot tho issues of oven tho most promising campaign, and as tho ovent of orery battle doponds moro or lots up n in- flaoncea beyond humaa control, Ihoro is an unusual ncrvouaue.-B felt as to the event, especially of tiio next Virginia campaign. Banks' sot-baok on I ho Bod River waa a very orious tl ing fur the General commanding, nnd its cost was great ia lives and muni tions of war. Any defeat is ainccroly to bo re gretted, yet Iho success oi Banks' expedition to Texas, howorcr desirable, is not vital. It was undertaken rothor as a oupplomont to last year's programme— a concluding essay of tho anaconda polioy than as any portion of this spring's phn, which aims at tho contro to tab rather than by winding around ths oir- onmfercnoe to oruah. Kor is it yet settled, bad as our men were handled there, that tho rebels did not sutler about as muoh ) nor that Hanks' expedition is more than temporarily checked. Tho rebols feel tho necessity of somo demonstration in North Oaroliua, Governor Vance not only fears tho ooneequencos of per mitting tho men of his Stato to racot in con vention, but dare not even allow the Legisla ture an extra session lest the representatives oi the pcoplo bolt from the Conlodoraoy. Tho prospect of moBgro crops, threats of instant starvation, exorbitant prices, nnd an utter dis- gust with Jeff. Davis' tyranny and tho war that has come of it, mako North Carolina a broken bono in tho Bida of tho Oonfederaoy. Satisfied that sbo will not ba quiot unless thtro is tomo show of roliof for her, tho rebels lately madea desperate effort to expel the Union troops from near tbo moutli of tho Eosnoko river, but were repulsed with great elaughtor. Tho Governmonta of tho loyal Western Border States are taking steps to defend their territory from tho inroads of such raiditers as ITurroat. Thoy propnso a plan wlriob will call off nono of tho veterans ncedod in tha groat armios of Grant They ask the President to cell out 100,000 volunteers from thoir States. Whothor oomplied with or not, tho request shows a gratifying uiaj;o:it!on on the part of tbo States to leave thoir voterans where the greatest need of thorn is, and to defend by orery othor means thoir homes thrcatenodwith invasion. On thowholo, though no unmiitakeablo movement toward a collision has yet boen mado in Vir- \- ginia, there is renewed activity along all our linee, and there aro abundant symptoms that tho great and bloody struggle on which so much depends is not long to be postponed." Tho following aro tho united I'ress telegrams from tho seat of war, which wo quoto chiefly from tho Woekly Bulletin : — Chicago, lGth April. — Tho Times' account of tbo capture of Fort Pillow, says that on Tuesday morning, 12tli April, Forrest, Chalmers, and M'Oullough, with from 6000 to 8000 inon, attacked tho Fort, garrisoned by a battalion of tho 13lh. Tennossoo cavalry, nura- berins 300 men and 200 negroes. Some citi- ions woro also inside of tho fort, who fought woU. Tho women and children wont over on an island. Tha onomy woro hid and firod from bohind (ooror) for somo time. A sur render was doraanded several times with out effect. At hut tho enemy formed into two columns, and mado a direct assault. AU tho troopB in tho Fort fought like heroes, until tha rebels were seen on tire breast works, when tho negro troops gave way and ran down under the river bank. Tho white troops were ordered to tako their placo, but tho derangement of tho lines could not bo romodied, and tho enemy poured in, forcing the Federals back to the river. Hero thoy worn compelled to giro up. Tho gunboat No. 7 throw 210 shells, but did not do much damage to the enemy. Our troops spiked three guns, which wero osplurcd by tho enemy, who sub sequently act firo to everything combustible, burning all tho houses in town. The negroes who had taken refuge under the river bank woro shot whorover found, notwithstanding tha surrender, forty-mno white troops wore also shot and wounded after tho sur render. Tho enemy took about 100 pri, onors. Tho woundod number tixty-fivo. When tho. steamer Platto Valley left, on Wednesday' evening, the onomy were slill there, and expressed thoir determination to remain. Tho citizens were reluming. A New Orleans letter says :— A brilliant fight took place at Fensacola, recently, between the 23rd and 24th Now York Cavalry ond tbo 57th Alabama rebel cavalry, in whioh tho lsttar woro almost annihilated in a hnnd-to-hand fight with sabroi. Oaibo, 16th April. — A tow boat, whioh passed Fort Pillow sinco the Platto Valloy, re ports that whilo tho flag was still flying, tbo rebels bad not left. Four gnnboats wero there. Soma wounded offioers csmo up, and say they beggod the enemy not to shoot them after sur render, but in vain. Five negroes, who were in the hospital, had been buried olive, two of whom bed dug thoir way out with thoir hands; General Ohslmors is reported to bare been in command at tho atiaok on Fort Pillow, at first; but Gunoral Lee arriving before tho battle, ho assumed tbe command: Forrest, with his main force, proceodod, after tho fight, to Brownsville, taking with him tho oapturod guns. New Yoeh, I#th April. — A Harrishurg despatch says there is considerable excitement relative to tbo proposed transfer of the seat of Government to Philadelphia. A committee of tbe City Oounoil of Philadelphia are urging tbe postage of the bill, offering, if necessary, 6,000,000 dollars for tho ereotion of anew State Capitol in that oily. Tho Confederate conscription has been suspended in the First Congressional Di.irict of North Caroline, and en amnesty was offered- to all Norlh Carolin ians who are or havo been in tho Fedornl scr- rlco. Tho Herald's speciol from Alexandria, Va„ tholE'b, soys this morning Mosby, at tbe head of 600 rebel cavalry, made bis appear ance on tho linn of the Orange end Alexandria railroad, noar Bristol Station, and sudc'enlv took by surprise the patrol for the irotection rf that road between that placo and Manataaa. Twenty to twenty-five soldier wero oapturcd. Tho rebels went away in tho direc tion of Fredoricksburg. A Waihington rpccial aeye : — " HaviDg left the army of too Potomac this morning, I spoak knowingly of Iho pro- spec's of tho roads, which are so dried as to ullorr of tho freest locomotion, end there is nothing to hindrr on early movement. Tho streams lisro assumed their wonted dimen sions, und tbe roads aro patsablo, to say the least, LAino, 16th April. — Tbo Glendale, tbo first steamer from Memphis ainco tbe temporary blockade of Fort Pillow, has arrived. Officers say that tho rebi Is evacuated Fort Pillow after destroying everything doriruciitlj ; they burned every building, ond finished by blowing up 'he walls and fortifications of tho defensive works. \V ashisgtos, 16;h April. — A bill to prevent speculation in cold passed the Senato to-day, and now awaits the actiun ot the House. Despatch from iiosd quarters of tho army of the Potomac Btato that a parly of robol cuvolry made an attack on Bristow station yesterday noon, and were driven eff after a brief skir mish, ar.d several of them wounded. The train with Genoral Grant on board had pasted a few minutes before. It is supposed tho in tention of Iho rebels was to capture him. CiltciHKATl, 17th April. — Advices have been recctToi hero to the effect that orders have been issuud calling out tho volunteer militia en tbo 2..d May for activo aud field duty. Cairo, 17th April.— Tho s'camer Siren of Illinois r ('porta that Wert Adams' forces were defeated by troops from tha Big Bleck a week ago. Several hundred prisoners woro taken. Wo have no particulars. Ton gunboats are now up tbo K'd River. Fobtbsss Moxuob, 17th April, — Fort Royal papers of the 14th report tho enpture of tho side-wheel blockade runner Alliance, on tho 12'.h, ncer Dawfusko Island, Savannah river, where she ran aground. All but Bix of her crew were taken prisoners. She was from Nassau, with an assorted cargo for tho rebel government, valued at 85,000 dollars. Tho Savannah Republican of tho 14th slot: that tho Yanheo prisoners ot Andersonville, Geor gia, ore dying ot the rote of 20 to 25 a day. T'ho Nassau papers say that Mobile, Savannah, Charleston, and Wilmington aro less rigidly blockaded than ever. Tho pupors also say that fart strainers arc coming in with snppliee for tho rehels which promise largo profits, CnATTANOOOA, 17ih April. — All is quiot in front, with no ohongo in ths situation. A rebol lieutenant, with 52 non-commissioned officers and privates, came into our linca last night. Thoy report that Hardee's corps had been ordorod away from Dalton. Sovoral teams had left bofore they aame away, and it was believed in tho rebel oamp that they were going to Virginia. New Yoex, 17th April.— The Richmond Hxamincr has a rumour that Burnside's foroes were landing at Nowport News. The eame papar plscei tho strength of Grunt's army at 4,1,000 infantry, and says 20,000 reinforoo- monta will be the extent of bis present re sources. New Yobk, 18th April.— Tho Herald's army despatch states that General Kilpatrbk left for Washington, and will thenoe proceed to Nashville to report to General Sherman, for the command of tho oavalry of the army of tho Cnmborland. General Custor, with tho Second Brigade, ia transferred from tbo Third to the First Division. General Davie has boon ordered to report to Genoral Gregg, commanding tie Second Divieion. Previous to Kilpatrick's departure lie received, by a flag of Irnco, a lottor from Genoral Lee, inquiring whether the orders found upon Colonel Dablgren, si pub lished in tbo Riohmond popors, were autlicntio and authorised by him. His reply was a bitter and indignant denial. There is littlo doubt but tho reason why Dahlgren's body was not given up was beoauso of its shameful mutilation i and unchristian burial. Tho etramer Fulton, from Port Royal, has arrived. When the blockade-runner was oaught by the South Carolina off Savannah, her crow, thirty in number, were all found asleep. Iler passengers, six in number, esoaped in a boat. Tho cargo and vessel woro worth 125,000 dollars. A despatch from Nonburn, Netth Carolina, the 12th says that, according to the Ralaigh Pro gress, the people of Western North Carolina recently hung aovernl Confederate officers and soldiers for attempting to enforce the cotucrip- tion. Tho railroads of North Carolina aro busily engaged transporting rebel troops and supplies. The bank statomont shows a decrease in loans of over 5,000,000dols ; a docrcaeo in deposits of 2,100,000dols ; nn inoroee in epeoio of 753,000101s. Tho following private despatch waa received here this morning : — " New York, 18th April. — Gold, 169. Greenbacks scarce. Several stookbrokors failed. Money tight. Gold will doolino unlesB money (papor cur rency) becomea more free. Chioaoo, 19th April. — Advices from Red River say tho fight reported to havo taken plnco on Cave River waa at Hendorson Hill, 20 miles distant. Five Federal regiments and one battalion wero ongiged. 19 officers, 203 pri vates, 2 brass 6-pounder howitzers, 4 caissons, 280 horses, and about tha same numhsr of small arms, were captured. It iB positively ascertained that Longstroat's army is nt Orsngo Court-house. Les's entire forces are not more than 35,000 or 50, COO strong. Tho rebels are vigilant, striotly forbidding their piokets to hold communication with ours. THE DEFEAT OF BANKS. Cairo, 21ifc April. — The naval despatoh boat Goneral Lyon, from Red River, has arrived, and wo havo tho following in regard to affairs in Banks' Department : — The fight of the 8:h was at Sabine Cross Roads. Tho rebels are said to have numborod 35.000, from Texas, Louisiana, Arkunaas, and Missouri. On tho morning of tha 8th General Banks sent for ward a cavalry force, with a supply train of 100 waggons to Natchitoches. Thoy boou began skirmishing with tho enemy, whom thoy found in forco at Pleasant Hill, about forty-five miles from Shrovoport. Tbo oommander of the cavalry thought tbe rebel foroo Btnall, and sent a messago to Goneral Banks to that effect, but askod for roinforccmunts, Ransom's division was sent forward by bri gades, which wero successively defoated, by placing themselves betweon tho rebels, who wero on bath sides of the road, and olosod in on ono bofore tho othor oould como up. Tho enemy took the supply trains, and killed and wounded a largo number. They took many prisoners and throw the remainder into confusion, so that thoy retreated rapidly, tho robots in hot pursuit. Aa they approached Goneral Smith's forecs, whioh wore drawn np in line of battle, tho latter opened hie linca and let tho fleeing troops pass before tho onomy camo up. He then oloiod hie lines and pre vented further chaso, driving tho onomy hack. The next morning General Smith attacked tho onomy under Kirby Smith, Diok Taylor, Magrudor and Holmes, dofeating them badly and driving them back, Tho Federals took a large number of prisoners, and killed and woundod moro than the rebels did tho day before. _ The lighting was desperate. Goneral Smith is oonsidored to hare saved tho whole army. Goneral Banks finally fell back to Grand Ecoro on account of tho sonreity of rations, and sent a message to Admiral Porter, who was fifteen miles above, to return with tho transports containing supplies for tha army. As the boats camo down, the enemy appeared on the banks of tbe river, ond tho stream being narrow, tried to get on board of them. Tho gunboats Orickot, tho flagohip OkiUiootho, tbe Osage, the Noosho, Fort Hoiman, Gazelle, and Lex ington, and the _ armed transport Brown, oponea on them, killing and wounding, during the lltb and 12th, about five hundred. But low on tho boats wero killed or woonded. Tho rebels hare sunk tho itoamor New Falls City, formerly the St. Louis, a New Orleans packet dirootly across the river, eighty milos below Bhroveport, The fleet had reached it, and made preparations to Mow it up, when the order waa given to return to Grand Fnore. Genoral Banks' whole lost is at least 2000. The fight- ing on both aides w.s desperate. Tho eoemy extiibitcd a great deal of reckl'ssness, and on the second day n largo number of field i fficore were eliin. Our loss during tho first day's fight was 2030 mou, 22 caonons, and 100 waggons. Chioaoo, 22nd April. — ReportB of »n in tended raid on an rxtonsivo scale into Ken tucky, under Buckner and Breckinridge, con- linuo to bo rcccircd. A Cairo special despatch says that a gentleman who escaped from Jackson, Tcno., on tho 13tb, stated that Forrest waa there with thirty-nino regiments — twenty-six under Forrest's immediute com mand, and thirlcrn under Chalmers'. 50,000 men hare b:en conscripted by the enemy sinco their occupation of West Tennessee and Kentucky. New Yoke, 22nd April. — Tho Times' Washington special lays — Genoral Grant had loft for the front, nnd General Burnsido for Fortress Monroe, It is understood that tho re cent developments of tho intentions of tho rebels render nn early movement of tho array of ths Potomac hirhly probable. The recent order of General Grant's, banithing sutt'.ers, rids the nrtny of over 2800 supernumeraries, Tbe War Department has ordored an addition cf 15,000 beds for present hospital accommodations in Washington. AU patients able to bear removal are to be sent North at once. It is again reported with crcdonco that Leo Iras sent part of his army into Iho Shenandnah Valley, with a view of compelling Grant to divilo I is army by sonding u force in pursuit. Tho World's Washington special says Governors Brough, Lewie, Morton, Curtin, and Yalcs, had a long ir.torview with the Prtaident to day, to urge upon him the necessity of calling 200,000 more men into Berries, for the defence of tho Statis bordering tho Ohio River, and especially Indiana, Ohio, and Kentucky. They claim that, if especially nuthorited, they could raiso lhat nutnbr rfor that duty by volunteering. Ths President, ea things look now, Boema dis posed to iisuo a call for 200,000 men, to be raised only in the Western States. Baltimore, 22ud April. — Tbo American has a npcoial despatch from Norfolk that a steamer arrircd thtre from New Orleans via Moorekead City, and wsa taken possession of to bring important deapatobes to General Butler. Tho captain reported that a rebel ram cams down to within n fow miles of Plymouth, N.C , on the 18th, and attacked our il-:et and sunk tho gunboat Bombshell and two other gunboats, names unknown. Tha greatest anxiety prevails at Plymouth. It is generally expectod that it would have to be evacuated. It was thought that General Peck would be ablo to hold Newborn. New Yobk, 22nd April.— A Washington special to tho Commercial Advertiser eayn : — Military rumours state that tho Nary Depart ment has positive information from tho Southern blookading squadron of tho cample, tion of tho long-talked of rebel rams. Chicago, 23rd April, — The R'ohmond Ex aminer of the 5th says that Commissioner Ould lias effected a cartel for tho complete oiohango of priionora. The governors of the Western Statos hare modified their request to tho President for a call of troops for the de- fenco of tho border States, and now limit their request to 100,000 mon for six months. It is doubtful if the request will be complied with. Edward Benton, for two years past a resident at Fort Pillow, and who was in tho fort during tho rocont attack, has been examined at Gon.- Rosccrans' headquarters, and fully corrobo rates nil tho previous reports of rebel barbarities, making an additional statement tliat blood hounds woro used to discover the hiding plaoes of those who otoaped the massaore; Caibo, 23rd April. — Intelligence has boon received from Little Rook, Ark., to the 15th, which says tho expedition under Colcnel Clayton, consisting of 1000 infantry and five regiments cavalry, with six pieces of artillery, reached Pino Bluff after a raid to Saline River, whore they encountered a force of rebels 3000 strong. Tho first oncountor took place near Branohrille, wherethorebels weredefeated after 4ii£co hours' fighting. They rotreatsd, our loroes following them np to near Mount Elba, on the Sslino. The next day we occupiod tbe place without resistsnco. Oar forces here dividod, ono dctaohment crossing tho river and the other reconnoitering this side. The enemy wore found some distanoe from Mount Elba, having been vcinlorood and advancing on our forces. Hasty preparations for theie recap tion ware mado by extemporising fortifications ot logs, rails, and eotton bales. The enemy charged three times, and eaoh time were re pulsed. Thoy finally retired after six hours vain effort to dislodgo us. Oar forces then oharged on them, scattering them in all direc tions. In this and the engagement at Branoh rille wo killed 84, woundod 350, and oap turod fifty. In the meantime tho force whioh had been sent across tho river was bnsy, and returned in the evening, having merobod fifty miles. Duri' g tho trip they captured a train of fifty waggons filled with supplies. The train was under an escort of 300 rebels. The entire train was captured and destroyed, and the entire 300 men taken prisoners. Over 1000 horses and mules fell into our hands. These events took place about the 30;h of March. New York, 23rd April.— Tho Times' Washington special despatoh soys the House Judiciary Committee are ready to report the Senate Bill, abolishing slavery by Constitu tional amendment. Thoy will endeavour to get nn early vote, bat are doubtful if tho neces sary two-thirds will be found in favour of it. The latest authentio intelligence states that tho rebels were busily engaged strength ening the fortifications of Riohmond, and the opinion prevails that Los will fall book there when Grant advances, and no con siderable resistance will be mado along the line of the Rapidan. Intelligence from New Orleaos to tho 16th states that the loss of tho fourth division of the Thirteenth Army Corps, in. the battles of the Rod River, on the 8th, were 1125 killed, wounded, and missing. Tbe losses of the third division of tho same corps, wero 350. No one attaohes any blame to either Ransom or Franklin, the movement whioh resulted in tho disaster being contrary to the adviae of both theso officers. They did all that officers could, obeying tho orders of their superior, -aider the oironmstanoes. On the 9th the Sixteonth and Beronteonth Corps, with part of n division of tho Nineteenth Corps, whipped the rebels badly, driving them Boven milos before tboy wore ordered to retire. Onr loss this day is repotted nt 1000 killed, woundod, and missing. Tho Washington spocial to the Evening Oommcroial eayt : People who aro predicting immediate battles in Virginia will probably bo disap pointed, unites Genoral Lse either ad vances in forco or makes a demonstration toward Pennsylvania. Reports are freely oir- enlated that Grant and Stanton bare quarrelled, but tho Chroniole ofthis msrning contains an autbontio denial of the report. The total "shipments of gold to Earopo to-dav wore 1,875,000 dollars. ' Washington, 23rd April.— Genoral Totten, Chief Engineer US. A., died yesterday. Rioh mond papers atete that Goneral Cooper has received the following despatch from Baton Rougo: — "We mot tho enemy near Shiove- port and tho Union force was rcpnls'd with great loss. Tho gunhoit Ejsex or Benton was destroyed by a torpedo in Red River, and one transport was oapturod by tho Confederates. Admiral Farragut is reported as preparing to attack Mobile. Six Monitors are ooinincr to him. The garrisons at Now Orleans and Baton RoHgo aro very muoh reduced for tho purposo of increasing Banks' force. 