ANIMAL INTELLIGENCE. Tlint animals liavo souls whioh aro immortal, lins boon maintained by ninny writors long- before M> Woods lind ontored on his present oxistonoe. Soma of tho following anecdotes respecting what some uro plcused to cali " bruto boasts," hnvo been rcluted to ino by friends, tho remainder aro derived from my own observations. Tho first I sholl relato was told mo a fow dnys ago by a friend and a mun of probity, and proves that n doj< may bo trained to perform nets which hnvo very much tho nppcarnnco of beiug tho rosult of reasoning, nncj \- comprehension of tho monning of whnt is said to him. Tho friend in question was staying willi a clergyman, and, after tho cloth was laid, tho latter said to a shurp little torrior, who was stretched out comfortably on tho rug before tho fire, and watching with deep interest tho preparations for dinner : " Billy, get joni- tablecloth !" Tho dog ran undor tho sideboard, brought out a copy of tho Saturday Mevieto, and spread it on tho rug. " What, Billy, can a dog of your sensibility eut o dinner oíT a paper whioh advocates prizo-fights ; and, porlmps, may oncourago noxt a return to tho practice of canino onoounters ?" If over a dog protested against nn impu- tation, that dog was Billy, lío bnrkod furiously, and seizing tho paper in Iiis tooth, ho worried it as though ho hold an unusually strong rat iu his mouth. When ho had satisfiod himsolf with this amusement, ho shot under tho eidoboard again, and brought out n copy of tho Times, which ho held up to his muster with nn enquirinu look that soemed to ask : Is Hiera any objection to this ? Eis master shook his head, nnd said, "I am« afraid its opinion on the subject of church-rates is nat quito what it should bo." The dog scorned troubled by sonic mis- giving ns to whether it was, under these circumstances, a suitable tablecloth for ii clergyman's dog; but rinding his master mudo no furthor romark, ho proceeded lo open it with groat caro and deliberation. As soon ns tho ' mutton was placed on tho table, n couple of slices were cut oil'and put ou a plate, mid laid on tho tablecloth ho had sprend out. With an eager nppclilc 'Hilly wus about to bogin, whon his muster snicl, " Ah, Billy/Billy, isn't it a sad thing to find tho woman who cooked this dinner .is a Homim Catholic!" Without u groan ora whiiio tho dog turnad away from tho food nnd retired to tho fur- thest corner of tho. room, whore ho lny down with un nir of resignation whiuh n bunnin hoing might hnvo copied with advantage. Aftern minuto or two, lu's muster said, "Billy, I find I was mistaken about tho cook, Slio is as good a Protestant ns ovor ottondad a Moy mooting." Tho joy of tho dog at this intimation wns exprossod in . tho most omphntio moniior, mid tho ongerncss with which ho attacked tho mutton was tho strongest possiblo proof of tho greatness of his previous self-restraint. Somo years ago I was living in Hampshire, on tho bor- ders of tho Now Forest. . Suddenly, tho shapkoopors in tho neighbouring towns bocamo aware that n good doal of counterfeit coin wus in circulation among them, though they could givo no hint ívlioro it carno from. At Inst, n mon, having tho appearance of a sinnll formor, was detected in tho not of passing abad hulf-orown. Ho was detained, and tho constable was sent for, who, on his refusing to givo his name mid- address, locked him up. Next day a mon arrived from London, bringing with him a placard, issuod by tho Grovorumont, stating that n gang of coiners had established themselves in the neigh- bourhood of tho Now Forest, mid olToriug n ruw-nrd of . £100 for. thoir discovery nnd apprehension. Tho man in custody waa inducod by judicious manipulation lo givo information of tho spot whoro In's accomplices wero con coated, and to sorvo as a guido to tho cohstnhicsV ~On" getting within two or three hundred yards of tho placo whoro he said they woro at work, ho rofusod to go any fnrthor ¡ and as thoy were too few in number to spare a man to look after him, and uny noise would probably disturb tho gang, thoy did not try to force him, but To- lled on tho reward being a sufficient guarantoo of his good faith. Tho constables wont cautiously forward ; but when they arrived at the spot indicated, thoy could Hud no sign of an outrance to a caro such as had boen described. In vain they ecarchod, and equully in vain theysjiought for the coiner who had lod thom there ; ho' had disappeared, and they naturally concluded ho had deceived thom. This, however, was not tho caso. Thrco days afterwards, a boy who was looking after a herd of pigs, noticed them clustering about soino object, " Ho ran to soo what it wus, and found it was tho body of o man which tho pigs had not dared to touch from fear of ii nearly starved mongrel that lay with his paws across tho chest of tho corpse Tho body was identified as that of tho coiner, and tiio terrible condition it was in proved very clearly at whose hands it liad suffered. A portion* of thu dress had been filled witli red hot coals ; tile head boro traces of having benn thrust into tho fire ; in a word, a glance was sufiloient to show that tho wretched mun bad been subjected to tho most cruel tortures. Several laborers and :i constablo woro brought to tho placo, and, ns soon as thoy lind recovered from the fooling ot horror tho spectacle lind awakened, thoy took notice of tho peculiar actions of tho dog. Ho ran froui ono man to another, catching hold of his trousers or smock-frock, and trying to drag him in a particular direction. Neither kicks nor blows deterred tho poor animal, and at last it occurred to ono mau a little brighter than tho rest, that tho dog wished to lead them in pursuit of tho murderers. Act- ing on this idea, thoy followod tho dog along a path through the wood till ho brought thom to tho vory plano which, the constable roracmberod, tho dead coiner had pointed out as tho spot witera tho cave existed in which ho and his accomplices enrried on their operations. Tho dog run to a bush and bogan tugging nt it with nil his might. Ono of thu mun took hold of it to assist him, when it caine away, and disclosed a bolo four or fivo foot deep, which ron in a slanting direction. Tho dog theil bogan in the samo expressive manner to call thojr atten- tion to a thicket of underwood and forns, a few foot from this entrance, too dense to bo ponotrntod before a way had been cut with the axes of tho woodmen present; but this having boon dono, a Bhaft, nearly a yurd in diameter, was discovered. Shouts to those within to como forth received no reply, and those without had too vivid a recollection of what they hud soon shortly beforo to dos cond into tho cave. In this difficulty, somobody sug- gested it would bo a good plan to set firo to tho dry ferns and underwood, mid throw it down tho shaft. All this time thu dog hud shown a most intelligent interest iii what was being dono, und when ho saw tho flaming muss thrust down tho hole, ho stretched himself cl oso beside it, regardless of tho burning spurks which fell on him, and watched tho mon heap on tho fuel with un expres- sion of the most oagcr interest. No cry or sound was hoard to issue from tho cave, but when a man took a powder-Dusk from a boy employed in keeping tho birds from a field close by, and throw it down tho shaft nmong tho burning embers, cries of agony followed the explosion. Tho dog, on hearing those; roso, walked de- liberately to tho bolo, and looked down, wagging his tail all tho time, as though ho perfectly understood ¡md re- joiced ut what hud happened. Then turning away, ho trotted back with drooping hoad and n most dejected nppourauco lo the dead body of his muster. A most in nenious method of pouching without risk was carried on by n poacher, through tho agency of his dog, for u long time before it wns discovered. Tito animal was a rather under-sized spaniel, and wns trained by his innstct' to set on iron trap, or gin, 113 it ¡3 sometimes culled, by tho pressure of its foot. When this trap had boon planed in a part of tho "run," wliero tho gnniekueper wns not likely to perceive it, by ibo poacher, tho dog carefully noted the spot ; and at dawn every morning, just whon tho night-watchers were on their way home, and beforo tho houd-kecpoi' lind como out for his morning walk, ho visited ouch trap in succession, taking out tho gamo wliero thero wns ur.y in a wuy that effect util/ prevented its milking further noise. The act o'" releasing tho cup tivo pheasant or Iniro. 6et ibo trap afresh, mid nt dusk he ' mudo a similar round, though ho seldom drought any- thing homo on theso occasions. Tho manner in which tho discovery wus made of this system of poaching by deputy, was through the habit of early rising practised by a Cuptuiu Palmor, who lived on tho outskirts of ono of tho woods visited by tho spaniel. Wulking through somo low furzo bushes his attention was uttractcd to a hare by its crios ; it wns evidently caught in a gin, or was attacked by a weasel, or stoat, or somo other animal of that species. He was pushing his way between tho bushes in tho direction whence the sounds issued, and bad just caught sight of a hure, when a spaniel / ushed in upon it from another di- rection, seized it by tho back of tho neck, mid putting his paw upon tho spring of tho trap, released tho hare, and Bturtcd oil" with i. nt a roto which made pursuit hopo less. Tho whole thing was over in an instant. The cap- tain WOB SO struck with tho proceeding, that instead of, telling tho keeper, nnd probably causing the dog to bo shot ho contented himself with carrying away the gin mid making inquiries ns to tho owner of the spaniel. Having discovered it belonged to a iu:m who supplied him with iish and ninny kinds of vogotubles beforo they could bo s»ot from his own garden, ho induced him to acknow- ledge tho foot thut tho dog was in tho habit of visiting tho traps in the way doscribod, and in obtaining a promise from him that ho would discontinuo tho practice, on condition that ho, the captain, did not in- form against his dog, which would soon haro insured its doath. " Whether tho dog refrained from his evil courses in futuro, or morely pursued them in another direction, is best known to his master. Tho instances of canino sagacity given above, though now, are by no means so wonderful os many that havo boen olsowhoro recorded. 'Clio following caso of tho influniico of supernatural terror upon a Newfoundland dog is of quito recent occurrenco, and carno out in tho courso of a trial at tho Thames Polico Court of a stownrd for neglecting his duty. Tho man wont on vory woll for a timo ofter ho carno on boord ; but suddenly disappeared, and it was supposed ho had jumped overboard. This was not so, however; he had morely concealed himself, mid cunio out ut night to get provisions. On ono of thoso excursions, tho dog caught sight of him, und tho instant it did so, it dashed up on duck, rushed to tho sido, and sprang into tho sea, evi-, dcntly believing it had seen tho stownrd's ghost. Anec- dotes respecting foxes aro universally interesting; there is so much sagacity in their oporntions, that tho very font of thoir being hunted should bo n stronger claim on our sympathy. Ono puck of hounds had^repoatedly dis- lodged a fox from a wood, and just as frequently lost him failed in ono part of tho niendow, sometimes in another, but wherever it happened, thoro wns no traco of any hole or pince wliero ho could conceal himself. So determined wero tho huntsmen to catch the animal thut had so often foiled thom, that moot after meet was fixed at tho same spot, and tho santo wood drawn ; the fox always going away at tho first sound of tho hounds among the underwood, and thus getting a good start, and invariably, taking tho direction of this meadow; till at lust the j farmer, to whom tho cows feeding in it bolonged, com-' plained of thoir boing injured by thbso frequent alarms. : fha secret was at last discovered by a boy, who hod been sont by tho farmer to drivo tho cows into a corner of tho meadow whon ho sow tho " field" coining. He saw the fox como through tho hodge into tho meadow, chock his speed, look about him, mid thou rush towards a red cow, and spring on its back, holding on so tightly with mouth, and legs thut tho rushing hillier and thither of tho fright-; onod animal did not shako him off. Similarly, another fox disappeared several times in succession in u rather! deep brook, and every effort- to get on tho scent again was unavailing. It was at last found that ho swain to a bolo out through tho bnnk on which the hedge grew, and1 backed into it ; and hero ho remained, with his noso just nbove water, till the hounds had boon taken away to try their luck nt another cover. Another, finding itself in imminent danger of being taken, scrambled in a carriage, in which two ladies wero seated watching tho running of tho horsos and hounds. As tho "Held" was coming, straight down upon thom, tho coachman drove on a little ' distance from fear that his horses would bo frightened by tho red coats and tho noiso. As soon' ns tho vehicle was stopped, thc fox, as if aware that it was not n safo rofngo for him any longer, spiting out, and mu into a copso so denso that tho hounds could only forco their way through it with difficulty, and probably emerged from it on tho opposito side, and mudo his escapo noross tho country, for tho scont was not rocovorod. Anothor fox, whon hard pressed, managed to squeeze through a tall, quickset hedge, into tv garden belonging to on old lady, whore tho hounds could not follow, nnd hid itself in tho conservatory. As tho lady refused to allow tho aniinnl to bo taken out, tho " fi old" woro obliged to,be tako themselves olsowhorc, vory much to thoir disgust. Two moro anecdotes, talton from foreign sources, undi shall conclude what I havo to sny on tho subject of ani- mal intelligence on tho prosout ocension. In Le Nord, it is related that a cook wns recently groatly perploxed by tho disappcaranco, day after duy, of a cutlet or 11 steak .from the kitchen tobie, whon sho was propnring tho din- ner. In each dny's talo thoro wns a dofloioucy of ono. I At Inst it oocurred to her that, as tho boll was rung every I day whilo she was preparing dinner, ond whon she wont to t]|D .door thorp .was nobody thore, there must be some connection between tho two ocourrenccs. Onoo this idea had entered lier mind, silo determined to satisfy herself on the point. Tho bell rang nt tho usual timo, but in- stead of answering it, she hid herself in a cupboard' She had hardly done BO beforq a cat rushed into tho^ kitchen, sprung on tho table, seized a outlet in its mouth and vanished. Her mistress was mada acquainted with this felonious act on the part of tho animal, mid it wns determined to set a watch to seo who it was had trained it to this modo of robbery. This discovery was soon made. At tho usual timo, when tho cook had her dishes arranged for tho stove, tho concealed watcher saw thc cat creep stealthily towards tho bell wiro, hook her claws in it, give it a furious pull, and thon rush away kit chonwnrds. Tho Patrie is tho authority for the fol- lowing :-At ono of tho cafes on tho boulevards thoy had a dog which was a universal favorite. Ho was accus- tomed to fetch and carry, and one of his duties was to go with à basket to tho baker's shop every morning for the rolls. One morning tho mistress of the cafo found that a roll was wanting. Tho same thing oc- curred tho next morning, and tho attention of tho baker was called to the error. As tho deficiency continued, tho baker unhesitatingly asserted that it must be tho dog that stolo it. A waiter was sont to follow tho dog I from tho shop homo, but the bitter, instead of returning direct, took his way down a by-stroet, and entored a pas sago leading to a stublo. Here ho placed his basket on the ground, drew tho cloth aside, and taking out a roll, ho approached a closed kennel, from which. the noso of another dog! was protruding. His imprisoned¿"friend took the roll in a quiet, undemonstrative woy, as though it wera u thing to-which she was accustomed, and tho dog picked up his basket, and trotted home. Tho waiter made somo inquirios ol' the porter, and loamed that thc animal for \vho3o sake (ho dog had committed potty lar- ceny, had maternal duties to perform towards thrco pups from tho time when tho first roll wns missing. Tho land- lady was so much interested in tho matter that she would not nllow tho dog to bo interfered with, and he continued to abstract thc**rblT daily till his friond was in a conditio n to do without it, whon ho resumod his formor probity. Chamoers Journal. ; 