THE TOWN HALL PItOI'rST. rb he Editor' of the LTunceston Examiner. Sm?,-In your issue of.yehterday there is some notico of n" protest from. the Right Iteverend Doctor Willson to his Excellency the Governor, against the progranime as issued hby his Worship the Mayor for laying the, "foundatlon, stoe of the Town Hall in tits town," on Thursday, 21st instant. It seems to me somewhat strange that in the most common and ordinary transactions of life our Roman Catholic brethren are ever at feud with os:; whether it' Is that 'w' are the'shortsighlod, thriftless, and holpless creatures which the IRight Reverend Doctor deems us, and require thus put ting to rights at every turn ; or whetiher it may not arise fromo that arrogant deslireof domination which has ever charactorised the Romnisl Chturch. This is a ilouetioa whttich ?ist shortly'be solved, for certain it is that we can do nothing now which gives satisfaction to this section of our. bethrethren. It niatters Ittile it wivat our ifforts consist, whether in the mnore serious battles of life, social nmuse ments, or,. benevoleont.instiittioes-oven to the distribution of a basin of soup In the o?timatioti of the Right Reverend Father, weonre ever astray I I shall not stop. to discuss the qpeslion in its pro sent shape, but rather proceed to seek upon what ground these people so edonsatily obtrude them selves upon us, and often in a ,shape which to me, savors ofimpertinent intrusion. If we take thi records of past ages, we shall find' little to favor' their pretensions in either secular or religiousahis tory. NatioatnJ'l cm ar n ararae dl rI:- 1 ,.. an sttau 0tun ltlooIean of tno. Luropean world at the present'moment: t Butn entering. ihio a.disocssion of this kind one, must be guided by troth' and calmr and dispassionate inference, and 1 will therefore in. venturing to make some' few remarks endeavor to bear this in mind, and abstain from all which ia acrimoiious' hi tone' or rude in remark, ever remembering the old law cigea cat veritas el prteealebit; antt.while on this subject I aonnot but reomark how much it would simplify and render pleasanot.the various duties of 'lifo if men. would but regard truth in theirvaried intorcourse with eacl other, and make truth their onieral standpoint'for all purposes and for 'all tine; bqt, Instead of thiu, most of our,public man and public writers seem over. contending for mero ascendancy of positionb; tterly regardlesso of trith. 'or'its boarings upon any question, at issae, and hence our readig publie appear to have adopited thi plah'of believlng just wtait -'soil's I'i croee oninee'l I trust this little episodoe on:trutht.will hb forgiven me beasuse of Its necessity, and.having so.posilieily'itloicd tI lib desa?abililty'it behoves md io be the more careful!in any remarks which. I make.- Iwill, therefore avoid all mere state mdents, mdd take thteo.fotacti' only which' authenitic public'docnment priove: to exist-sources: alone from "whicl. we cau I!opo to. obtain truthful data. Although I have often' Neott forcibly' strdck by what may be fairly called theo'illustrtive resultg of "nationancomparlioo,ayot Ia a short paper, like this I can only avail myself of such help in the most 'ersory tnanner; and in taking a short view of this subjeet I:havo boen, painfully surprised at the various conditions of the differeut stlaies of Eiordpe, and trdith oinstraito ib tbo ay that whetre ever the RomnoiCatholioreligion is found to pre vail, these kingdoms or previnees.are ever iounlt in"a degraded ddd inlserable Conditiet -nI Aat contrast' o Protestant)districts :in juxotaposito. ,Whether this is owing to someo peculiar associa tion of early' comdbriations and inifueoces, whichl neither hbbtoritan nor casoutis have ;handed down to us; or whetherthe Holy persons wilo profess tlhis :religion, in their piety and zea, .iike the good tid of old, have sought'out those regions where crinmoi ignorance, and oqalid mlisery..most ,lbound, ..are onteoras which must hbe lef to th?ose phliloiopheirs .wholose such' fnvestigatlbns.-" It' may bet con Ssldered a mere casualty tltat these dobaaio acoom. Spaniments are ever found in the'/ocnt gsiotn awhich the Itonilsh iealigd i n'i bedtimioant. 'oake Spatn, 5 Portugal, the Souther: parts of. Ireland, middle a and South Ameorica, Aunlria, and especially the Cantons of Svwitzei'rlatnd. ''"But what need of searchb. ing over tho worll's wide sorface,for Illustration o the,sad and sinful expotions now no frequeotly oxhitited'to our rbnderloj 'g.z.;' rake Roins q heraelfand hoer dlpedencies. U as time sotined a douvanmy of those ilorrible atrocities which soil oeveri'pagoof'her' early aud late history? Are there how 'ohay redeeming records. of her status, either, socally, t morally, or, religiously P, Let faithful historiands answer these tl stionls. I could ° quotelb:nultbeiese blitoritlee 'of'ueoqueotloaed ocacurcy.tpotn this point; whose statemonta ato 'iover ot truth wrould qIUeSilou. . a ' tuit I Wil plnce before your readers lie resohs 'of this '.most:holy religion". .as manifested in th'is . our own land,; and, mark me, if by ittadvericate a or sany oilothr etiuso 1 commit an-error, I' slhall most willingly and gladly make the amend., It is troe,I tlava no 0pportnitly of testing theo truth fulats' of'the varlous stntemeots put fortIh frum pubilo Inalitations,'bnt lienlg public recotds liske a itfor,granted they are 4rue.. Well, the first greeat fact which must strike every reader with as tonishment is the immense number of Roman Catholic children In the Orphan School according to the latest published accounts. OGnu uoarTr lust double the number they ought to have so. cording to their pro rata numbers in the last statistical return. rom .tile samo source of il formation clte proportion in our gaols and pene tentlories soabout forty-three per cent.t in our hospitals twenty-four per coent.; while the up. plicants for rolief to the Benevolent Society are neprly ono*half; and tlhe last sltd most important illustration with which I will trouble you Is those who are doomed to suffer tilhe last nod extremo peonalty o the law. I believe from close inquiry I am wlithin the: bounds of truth when I state that eight out of ten of tn tese ad victims are Roman Catholics I Now this is a most astound ing fact, and one which must strike every reader not only with astonlshment, but with a convic Iron, a burning conviction, that tllere Is- nay, must be-something wrong, fetrfully wrong, in this "most holy religion I" These are sad iltus, trations of tile calamitons results ofelther a want of proper training or radically bad training. It cannot be a mere accidental coincidence, for cause and effect are ever inviolable as a law of nature. It is barely possible that in the amiable anxieties of these holy fathers to distinguish themselves, or In their lanudable desire to be charitable, they step forward and relieve their fellow.laborers of the Anglican Church from the painful position ofad ministering the last consoling influences of a re ligiol with whose spirit they are not embuetd, and therefore don't undersitond. It is trues that it this most solemn ,hour, when tile soul is staiding on the brink of that life which endureth thlrondli eternal ages-where stands the lKilng of Terrors, formidable to all, afraid of none; He for whom ?beatity liath do charmse love nii spoil, power no weapon to resist I -yes, to this most solemn hour nothing can be more beautifully adapted to soo;! -thle despairing anxieties orf' selt as can place ismplici faith in the promises of these reverend dispensers of absolution,, if one could hie possessed with that fall; firm, and abiding con. Ivlotion that thlles men were really empowered to give passports to those regions of overlasting peace and rest-those regions which every humanu being llose mind is not wholly prostrate must seek for with thut.energy which despair aloneena arouse, and grasp with frantla effort at every chance ofeeeming that peace and rest in the next world which they have so sadly, failed to obtain in thie. But. h I hereis the rub. Who thbat is capable of ealmlyIreasoning' within himself cano believe in this assumption of the powers of the Almighty P who that has read tile records of this "most "Italy chbirchb"-who that'' las read D'Aabigne'oamost instructive and.truthful records of the doings of these " hucksters of the Heavenly lnot "-who that Ihas read tlichelet, Quines, Cumming, or T'ownshend, would think for one momoent of trusting Isi everlasting peace into the power ofmen ivhose whole object seems alone bent ulpon crushing out every lpark of generous soutli meat or'desire ofaintlleqtual attainment, whose Iule can only exist ithere' ignorance or passive obedience prevail ? `Do you ask me for proof of theseo hard, snyings? . WVhat are the mildest versions of their treatment l' Galileo, ?' what of Copernices P of Savondarohi P - in short of every en lightened mind which has sought tobenefic min kind by publishing, or attempting to publish, those glorious discoveries which even' in the present enliglhtened ago seem bat more wonderfal from re flected light P. SIt is all very well to sty-Ailv we don't do 'each things now-a-days.; Very true, gentlemen, because, the present onligtened age will not tolerate that desiotlism of bigotry aid corruption which waswont to fall so heavily ole'' 8r&u;'i temn t at reform ntion in 'ap't ---. -b y o' - -.oivguij u ose oaertna ptd the pr-op-tamoment this'' matnorti'nat o's,.s.f.'.uitrt anod holds fItes in commemoratios of some of the most horrible atrocities a'vich have'ever 'steied the pages of history I Perhaps- a short extract from one of their own. historians will be a; more convincing Illustration and fittihg coi'lusion thann'a'ything frolo my own pea. ' Thtery de Nieni, the Pope's secretary, writing ofUrbanS the S!xlh, speakiug of his election, he says a furious crowd.besieged the entrance to the 'cotclave," and uttered' meunces of death, .crying , out "Reflect, be wise. Be wise, Lord Cardinals, and hland us out a Roman Pope;' If ybo do not'wo will saelia your skulls redder tItan your, hats"' i, Of course Ite was elected, and after his election the same writer goes onto say ' "Raised to the lighest pilthaitj of human greatness, is.i brain grew dizzy.-his heart swelled with pride-nud thei modest and Ihumble priest becane 'an lutrettable and ferocious` despot" 'Tho'sameowritetrgoes on to say'Uhat'h'i carried Ilsi ferocity, and despotism to such an cx., tent thiat twelve oat' of sixtlee' 'eardindals' ihlso elected him'to thetpontlifiate joined in tilet fol. lowing protest addressed to all, the Powers. and, universities of Europe- We hirave apprlsei you of the horrible fury, cruel tyranny, and asdncioiss and seerilegiops proceedings of ihe people of Rome and their,goveruors, againsttour personal safety and propertyi wihen weo.were dngiged in'thid elcd 'tie, of a Pope, with a view to.force us .to choose one accordhlg to their pmtaalyny. It is owing to' tlis unbridled' wickednessa tliat th see of St. Pter is now oecupied by an apostate, who propagates erroaeousa dogmas, and tramples antler foot .all truilI. lie is ndt Our Pope'by cndnict l 'electio;oo for neither was he impelled'by the Holy Ghost to present .limself, nor was Ile fixed on the throne by ,unaninous coneset; he was pliced 'there by t?he most barbarous' fury on thel one handl, and' by mortal terrorOn, tliq otlher. ,W',lernfore we; are obliged to make n public protest agnainst thls i. treder, as we' groealy fear that true believers miay be'seduced by his artifices." As!itmwas tlen, so It. Is now-and ever will be-unader any system not havthg truth lOr Its tolindation: ' It;ls.needless for me furtler, to trespass upoti your space in pointing out how burthensomo this section of'our comsilimity. must"bo pon till 'va? Srious astlitutlons.of the colony ; ' especially .whenl we take into consideration theproportio inu which, ,they'contirtite to the same.' ' , ourar very truly, A, .... 4?.tn?s. CoLonnsT. 