INSOLVENCY PROCEEDINGS. MEETINGS OF CREDITORS, In the estato of Robert Collier, bntohor's assistant, of Nowoastlo, a Bingle meeting was hold bofore the Distriot Commissioner, Mr. E. D. Day, at the court-honRe, East Maitland, on Tuesday. Insolvent was present, i-ntl certi- fied tho correotneBB of his schedule. No creditors ap- peared. In the estate of William Clements, butcher, of Dun- gog, a single meeting was held at same timo and place, Insolvent attended. The claim of Messrs. Dodds and Co., for £16 3s. 10d., was proved ; ns also was the claim of William Nioholas, for £28. Insolvent oertified the correctness of his schedule The only oreditor present direoted that Insolvent be allowed his household furni- ture. In the estate of William Sootting, farmer, of Pheonix Park, a single mooting was held. Insolvent did not ap- pear. The claim of A. G. Callum, £2 7s. Id., for goods sold and delivered, was proved. MEETINGS TO BE HELD. Friday, September 30.—At Grafton : George M. Mort, single. At Maitland: John Boo's, single. Tuesday, 4.—At Maitland : Robert Hell, cinglo. Wednesday, 19.—At Grafton : James Whitney, singlo. NEW INSOLVENTS. Sept. 26 —William King Golding, of Forbes. Liabi- lities (about) £670. Assets (about) £500, Mr. Hum- phery, official assignee. RULE NISI. Sept. 26 —On the petition of Lawrence Kendall, of Sydney, a rule nut was granted, returnable nn the 20th Ootober, requiring William Stephen, of Grafton, to show cause why his estate should not be sequestrated. Mr. Sempill, official assignee. SOIREE AT MORPETH SCHOOL OF ARTS.—A most suc- cessful soiröe, in commemoration of tho anniversary of the opening of the Morpeth School of Arts, was held in tho hall of the institute on Monday evening. It is esti- mated that there wereifrom four hundred to five hundred persono present, many of those being from Hinton, Pheo- nix Park, and other places on tho outskirts of Morpeth. Shortly after six o'clock the company sat down to tea, whioh, with its concomitants, was supplied by Mr. Horne. Not until half-past seven .was the tea-drinking part of tho soirCa concluded, tho great nnmber of persons pro sent being unable to partake at tbe one time, rhortly before eight o'olock the tea tables were removed, and seats were arranged for the intellectual part of the enter- tainment. While this was being done the large number of people outside thronged the door as closely as pos- sible-many anticipating that it would be impossible for all present to obtaiu admittance to the hall. When the doors wero open, the people crushed forward, but the committee of management very properly prevented any of the sterner sex passing the doors until the ladies had all ontered, and became comfortably seated. After all it was found that tho room would hold ali present, although it was orewded. The platform was decorated with ii igs, and the motto "Knowledge is power," worked in calico, was above it. A screen teparated the platform from the view of the audience, and this was raised and lowered on tho performance of tho soreral pieces on the programme. Shortly before eight o'clock, tho vioo-presidont of the in- stituto, Mr. Walker, opened the proceedings by a few appropriate remarks, dwelling particularly upon tho ad- vantages of ino institution, tho anniversary of the opening of whioh they had met to celebrate, end also upon the sooial advantages likely to result from suoh meetings as that whioh they wore holding. The various pioces on the programme-a very lengthy one-were then gone through. They comprised Bong», glees, duets, and rooitationB, most of whioh were Tory well rendered ; in many cases tho pieces were encored, but the singers or rociters, in every instance but one, merely acknowledged tho compliment by a bow, the length of the programme necessitating suoh a course, Of the songs, duets, sud oliorusea, those which found most favor were a Scottish song, "The Irish Emigrant," "Como where my Love lies Dreaming," "Albion'* Boast," "Oh Silver .shining Morn," and the song and chorus " Gently Down the Stream." The recitations wore particularly good, and were given with spirit and enthusiasm. A " Dialogue between Edward and WnrwiW elicited warm applause. "Norval's Address" was given with great elfeot; nod a soleotion from "Bardwell v. Pickwick," and ' The Trial of Bill Lapstone," caused great laugh- ter-the latter one mora eapcoially. A vote of thanks to the ladies who presided at the toa tables was moved in a neat speooh by Mr. Hinds, seoonded by Mr. Salmon, and it was accorded by tho audiqneo with three choers, and ono over. A similar complimont was paid to the singers and reciters of the evening, on the motion of air. Whyt law. The msoting afterwards dispersed, shortly after eleven o'olock, tho National An thom having boen previously sung. Mr. Marmaduke Wilson presided at the piano. MAITLAND FIRE BRIGADE.—A mooting of agents of several of thoinsnrance oompanies was bold at Messrs. Solomon, Vindin, and Co 's oilioes, on Monday evening, when tho Maitland Fire Brigade was fairly launched into oxisteneo-an agreement boing entered into with it« members for twelve months. The brigade consists of twelve members, including a foreman (Mr Lol so) ), an assistant foreman (Mr. Sherwood), and an engine-keeper. The rute of remuneration bas been fixed at £10 a year for the foreman, £S for the assistant loreman, and £5for the ordinary members of the brigade. Tho engino koaper, who has not yot boon appointed, will receive ad- ditional remuneration. The brigade will be under tho direction of a committeo formed of the agents of tho several Fire Insuranco Companies contributing towards its support. Rules for the management of tho brigada havo been adopted and printed, and tbo members of the brigade signed their agreements suhjeot to those rules. The brigade appointod a sub- committee for tho drawing up of a oode of bye-laws, whioh, before being adopted, will require the approval of the oommittoo of manage- ment. We may mention that about £80 has been promised or given for tho support of the brigade by the publio, up to the present time. This sum will entitle the brigade to an equal amouut from tho insurance com- panies. The brigade will immediately begin exeiciso with the engine. MALICIOUS OBSTRUCTION OF PROPERTY.—Mary Mooro, on romand, was oharged at the East Maitland poltoo court, on Tuesday, with destroying two chairs, the pro- perty of Ann Pitt, of East Maitland. From the evidence it appeared that the prisoner had gonointooomplainant's .hop on the previous Saturday, and commenced making» disturbance ; the complainant «skod her to go away, and tried to got her away, when she threw her (oomplainant) on the baok of a ohair ; she threw another obair at her son; she broke two chairs, whioh wore valued at 17a. The prisoner was discharged, malloo not being proved ; the bonah said the prisoner should have been brought up for assault, and not on this oharge, AGRICULTURE IN VICTORIA —The warm weather is now approaohing, and with every prospeot of tho season being propitious. The winter was thought favourable for agricultural operations, and for the young grain orops, which are generally reported as looking well. No very great extent of land has beeu sown with ooroals, but the plough hSB not boen idle, and, if thor« is no probability this year of being more independent of other oountries for the needful supply of breadstufls, we have tho gratification of knowing that the system of farming is improving, and thus only oan the farmers, ai a class, be. come prosperous, and able to supply our wants in futuro yoars, not only with grain, but also with dairy'produoo and the many other things «till imported so largely, and whioli might all bo produced at home with hotter manogoment. Wheat,' oats, potatoes, and hay, the only orops known under the old system, aro boginning to have thoir recognized places amongst a yearly extending varioty; and, with a greater divorMty of arttolee of produce to soil, tho farmer will not Buffer so much as ho has done hitherto from fluotui tions in prioo, and his land will retain its fertility under a less exhaustive mode of oropping. Thoro is still a prospeot of grain fetohing low prices after harvest ; for, although wheat and flour havo risen again, the advanco cannot bo longmaiutained,andthe now wheat is likely to be forced in quantity on a falling market, in whioh caso tho usual result must follow. Oats were so abundantly grown last year that the prioo has continued low up to the prosont time and is likely to remain so. As far as oin bo judged as yet, tho season promises to be an early one : but October is a fioklo month, and until that is weil over, no certainty on this point oin bo arrived at.— Araru, Sept. 24. COWPER BANQUET.—A meeting of the sub-oommittoo was held last ovening at tho White Hart, King-street, when it was deolded that the banquet should take place at the Masanio Hall on tho 13th October. Applications have already been rccoivod for upwards of 300 Mokota, and it is fWod that the Masonio Hall will not be suflioiently large to aooommodatu the numbers desirous of attending, Tho meeting odjouraod until Thursday evening next.—S. M. Herald, Sept. 27. THE FLOUR MARKET IN SYDNEY.—The flour market oontinnes firm, and the late news from California has if anything strengthened prices. Small sales of Adelaide hnvo been made to-day at £25 per ton, aud Californian at £24 per ton.—Herald, Sept 27. MR. JOHN ROBERTS, THE CHAMPION BILLIARD PLAYER. —Mr. Poborts, so well known as the great billiard player, arrived from Viotoria lust evening, by tho City of Mel- bourne. We aro informed that Mr. Roberts has been eniraged to exhibit his skill with the ono by Messrs. O'Brion of Tattersalls, and Lawrence, latn of the All England Kleven, who have arranged lo havo the Hall of the School of Arts adapted for the purpose in such a way as to ensure the convenience and oomfort of those who wish to witness the matches in whioh Mr. Bobertsis to take part.—Herald, Sept. 27. BARTIME AND HERR CUSHLA'S TABLEAUX.—On Tues- day evening a novel and attraotiva entertainment was given in the Olympio Theatre, West Maitland. It com- prised the sennalion peifjrmances of Bartine—whoso skill as a traper.ian and equilibrist has never been equalled in the colonies, and is Baid to bo only surpassed at home by the famous Blondín—also the exhibition of Herr Oushla's Tubleaux, representing classio statuary, likewise tho Ghost illusion. The ontiro performance was new to a Maitland audience. Tho house was not so wall filled as tho itUruotious of the evoning warranted the entertainers io anticipate, but OB tboy beoome batter known there is little doubt that during the remainder of their Blay crowded houses will reward their performances. Birtino, who is a roal model of manly beauty, walked from the stage to the centre box of the dress oirole, on a wire rope, about half an inoh in diameter, using only the balanoing pole He afterwards wheeled a barrow back- wards and forwords on the same rope ; the gn>B and stays wero not sufficiently strained, and therefore c»u»ed some additional difficulty in the performance of this dangerousfoat. Hosub»equently walked ontbecoiling in rings attaohed to it. But his great triumph wes the feat designated " the ternfis leap for life," which has wo.i for him the name of the " miraculous flying man." It is truly a sensation performance, which thrills the speotators into a dead >tillness—the greatest dogroe of skill, nerve, and elasticity of muscle is required and pos- sessed by the perforator. Ho swings irom the dress oirole to the stage in one leap; on his aoiial flight he eilches a. trapean, and peí forras a variety of evolutions on it, and then finishes the leap with the utmost apparent ease. Ho was warmly applauded at the conclusion of oaoh feat. Between Bartino's performances Herr Oiishla exbibited his tableaux vivants, illustrating olaasiostatn ary. The groupings woi e very effective, and the elegance of the poses was quite classio. A groat variety of sub- jects wore represented, and so immovable and statile-like wero the artistes, that it was only whon n. change in the positions WBB made that many would believe the figures to be real. The costumes wero unexceptionable. That wonderful impositiou, " the Ghost Illusion," was scarcely so effective as wita anticipated Tho ghost oertainly ap peared plain enongh, but the illustrator did not prove so well us he might have done that what appeared to the audienoe as a full figure was only n shadow. He could only bo seon to wuvo » handkerchief through tho figure -tho publio, from what they bad beard of it, expeoted more. It was, nevertheless, wonderful. At tho oloso of the entertainment tho illustrator carne forward, and raado excuse for the sl'ght deficiencies in the arrangements, tho mcohanioal appliances requiring more time to be got into easy working order. The entertainment is worthy of a large patronage. 