WAR PIOTURES.-TIE RIDE OF A WOUNDED BRIGADE.' 1ETS IN T1fH ARMIY. Mn. B. F. TAyLoR continues in tile Chicago Journal his admirable sketches of life in the camp and field. In a recent letter from the army of the Oumberlandlho gives the follow ing picture of anight's ride of the wounded brigadei after the battle of Ohickamanga: They were loaded upon the train; two platform cars wore paved with, tlom, forty on a car. Soven boxes woro so packed you could not sot your foot down among them as they lay. The roofs of the ears wero piled with them, and .away we pounded, all day,. all.night, into the next morning, and then Nashvillo. Half of the boys had not a shrOd of a' blankbt, and it rained steadily, pitilessly. What do you think of platform cars for a triuimphall procession wherein to bear wounded heroes to the' tunoe of the Soldier's Return from WVar? But the stores of the sanitary commission and thle gifts of such ladies as are' low, I believe, makiisg your city a Bothel-a place of angdls-k?-l pt the boy's hearts up through all those weary, drizzling hours. It is midnight, and the attendants are going through the train with coffee, graced with milk and sugar-think of that-two fresh, white, crisp mraokers apiece, and a little taste offrui Did your hands preparo it, dear lady ? I hopeo so, for the little balanco in your favor set down in the ledger of God. Here thloy come with a cauteoo; will you go with them? climb through that window into a car as blaek as tihe IIolo of Calcutta. 'Bnt minid whero you stop; the floor is one layer doep with wounded soldiers. As you swing the lantern round, bandages show whito and ghastly eoverywhere; bandages handagee, and now alnld then a rusty spot of blood. Wlmt worn.out, fadled faces looek up at you ? They rouse like wonuded creLtures hIntudh downtlo ttheir hlair as you come. The tin cape, oxteOdLedL in all sorts of hlIlnds bult piape strong ones, tinkle all around you. You are l? ilrly giriUhl. with a trlinucp ioriaiii, i low thul, lin to's brighten as those up's sire tilled l tn ire go, ouit it one winlow, hi at another sthsllhn gRing.rly uwoin uannlsve4 limbhs Wu reuai thu putt. form ears, croaking with .their dronched, chlilled, bruised burdens, and I must toll you--it's a shamo though-thant one poor fellow among theoin lay with a tattered blanken t pinned around hlim; he was literall3 w,)s culotte. " How is this ?~' .I said, " HIavon't got my descriptivo list--that's what's tho mnattor," was the reply. Double allowance all around to the occupants of the platforms, and we retrace our stops to tihe roar of tlhe train. You should have heaid tihe ghost of a cheeoor that.luttered like a fdoblo bird, as we wont back. It was the most touchinig vote of thatike over offered; thereo .was a little flash up of talk for ai minute, and all subsided into silence and darkness again. Wearily woro thile hours and heavily hammored the train. At intor vals the guards travorsed the r'i of of 'the cars, 'and iulled in'the' worn-out lboys that had jarred down to tho.edges-pulled them in toward the middle of thle cars without waking them! Occasionallj 'ono slips ovecr the oaves, I anm told, ahd is misoerably crushed. What a homeward' march is all this to seta ttuno to l By some error in appoitionment there was not quite coffee enough for. all on dock, and two slips of boys orn the roof of the car whore I occupied a corner were left without a drop. Whenever we stopped, and that was two hours hero and throe hours there, waiting 'for this and foi that- thero was no hurry,; you.know-and theo"; side.' door; was slided back in its groove, I saw two hungry faces, stretched down over the car's edge, and hoard two feeble voices crying: " Weo lharvo had nothiung ip hero since yestorday noon, we two-theoro are only us two boys---. please give us somothing. HIavon't you got any hard tack?" I heard 'that pitiful appeal to the officers in charge, and saw those faces till they haunted me, and to-day I- remember those plaintive tones as if I weoro.hearing.a dirge. ,I felt in my pokoets and. haversack for a dracler, but found no thing. I really hated myself for having oaten my dinner and riot saved it for them. A further searclwas rewarded with six Crackeis from the Chicago Mechanical Balkery, and watching my chance when Pete's back was turned-the cook, and a smutty autocrat was Pete in his way-I took a sly dip with a basin in the coffee-boner. As the car gave a lurch in the right direction, I called from the window, "boys!" I heard them crawling to the edge-handed up the mid nighlt supper. "'Bully for you," they said, and I saw them no more. VWhen the train reached Nashville, and I clamborod down to solid ground again, I looked up at the roof; it was bare. God grant the boys are with their mothers to-night.' And how do you like tie ride of the Wounded Brigade ? In a later letter Mr. Taylor gives this sketch of the - AUTUMNAL COLOrING OF TIE VWOOD6. In vividness and variety the. autumnal colorings of southern woods far surpass our own. It may be that the 'keen shafts of green thrust up here and there serve to set off the coat of manycolors. You can see cones of hills that burn like strange and woniderful gems, and would put odt tlhe lightin Sinbad's Valley of Diamonds; great trees Whose entire foliage resembles a single crimson or golden flower, so evenly and wonderfully ar'e the tints laid on, and all you can think of, as you look, is not a trunk of a :tree boarihg up its crdwn of painted leaves, but a stem lightly lifting its own majestic blossom up before the Lord. Isaw such trees and woods, touched and set on fie with the sinkiig sun, last night.' I had road in the old volume of the burning bush, but I never saw it until then. How they did kindle and flash up, as day walked along the tops of the forests to his .chaniber! I believo that if over I shall have to take up blind Milton's "ibut not to me retitrns day, nor the sweet approach of even or morn," that scene will come back to'me again and again--ono of the brightest 'nd' loveliest pictures in moemory. I pray aillpractical mnen and women to pardon me for strewing the threshold of this letter very broadly with such trifles as leaves and flowers. But I dhnnodt help thinking, with another, thatthel' Lordloves to look at them Himself.. Would any body mhave liked it better, do'you think, had I told him how I saw oak loeaves, as ebrly as September, more richly colored thlian any I saw last night ?-costiing far more than. the dye of Tyro? Leaves splashed withkFederal blood. WHIAT OACME OUT OF A 'CEDAR. But hero is a little story of something thist caneio out of the leaves on that Sunday whence, as from a first meridian, they yet reckon at Clhattanooga. I had it in my mind to tell a dozen letters ago, bat it has slipped out of sight till now. At one point thero was a lull in the battle; at least it had gone shattering and thundering down the line, and the boys wero as much at ease as boys cc, be upon whom, any moment, the storm may roll back again. To be sure occasional shots, and how and then a cometary shell kept them alive, but one 'of the boys ran down to a little spring, and towards the wroods whoro the enomy lay, for water. Ho liad just stooped and swung downhis canteen when lidck a riflo ballistruck it at an anglo and bounded away. Ho looked around an instant, discovered nobody, thought it' a chance shot-a piece of lead, you know, that goes at a killing rate without any malice propense, and so, nowise infirm of purpose, he again bent to get the water. Ping! a second bullet cut the cord of his canteen and the boy "got the idea:" a sharp-shootor was after him, and hlie went to the right about and the double-quick to the ranks. A soldier from another piirt of the line made a pilgrimage to the sprihg, was struck and fdllby its brink. But where was the marksman ? Two or three boys ran out to draw his iire while others watched. Crack wont the unseen piece again, and some keen eyed follow spied a smoke rolling out from a little cedar. This was tile spot, theon; the rebel had made hint a hawk's nest-in choice Indian, a Chattanooga in the tree--and draw ing the green covert close around himn,. was takiug a quiet hand at "stooplo-shooting" at long range. A big, blue-eyed Germin, tall enough to look over into the third generation, tand a sharp.shooter withal, voluntoereod to dislodge Iinm. ])rplping into a littl, ru.-waiy, that sneicd thel trou, diliguiilhy, hle turned upon his Iack, and worked himsolf cautiously unlhg; rea,.hiag a poiit pirilously ohnce, iii wlippd cl over, toolt in ais be lay, al God and hi ticte right hanh gave hei good Io. liverauu ,, Away IlIw thi bulet; em uihtht tluhijsil, thu voluiie ofl lt csdi.r priulo, i?ll lhi a bia g lung, ai the hboys dleabud It, out Jeli4 ea gur'cy.bacl( the hawk's tust wa, ompty and a dead' rebel lay u ti It was neatly done of the German mto. grown. " May heo live to tell the storyO thousand times to his moon4-faced gory children. .gro,. .,, . .. :?PETS IN THE AR-M?y . SThe following shows that nature is t( saie inf'thdio army as out of'it-, They have the strangeost pets in tihe y that .nobody Mrould dream of taking ae c homb, and ye? they are little toucheso telf gentler nature that givo you some saUd cordial feelinge when you sop'tlhem, a1 sua told: sesidents of Boeirbon .'county, I?. habittillly 'experience ait so much a glloi One of ,the boys :has carried a red s nuirre through: thick.and: tlian over a thlloesand miles:. Burr n. hat haid taick lilke 'a vtoran and'has the frdeedlom of the tent. A notlor, affectiis .oeirflow upon.ba slow-winkii , unc speculatiii little owl, captured in Ark insan andbearing a narue :wiith a classical smacck to it--Minerva. 'A':third.' gives his heart to a young. Oumlierland ??ountain bear; •bu chief among camp-pets are dogs. Ridi,,, dn thee saddle-bo,? tu?ckled 'irnto a baggan5. waggon, mounted on a kniiapsack, growling under .a gun, are dogs brought to a prma. tue roend as' to oars aiid. tails, and yellow i that; 'pug- nosed square-headed.brutes, sloek terriors, delicate morsels of spaniels, Traw Blancht, Sweetheart, little dogs and all. dog, like a horso, comes to love the rattle and.'0ish of miisldt'.tdnd 'cannon. Thore was one in an Ilihois regiment, and I rather think regarded ais belonging to it, thlougl lhis name might not be on the muster.rolle that chalses. half-spoent shot as a kitten firolics with a-ball of, worsted. :He has been under fire and twide wounded, and left the tip of his tail at the' battle of Stone river. Woo to tlhe man that shall wantonly kill him. Bt I was especially interested in the fortunesof a little. white spaniel that' messed with lbattrj;, ~and delighted in the name of Dk No matter what was up that fellow's silken coat must be washed every day, and thers was need of it, for when the battery was on the march they just plunged him into thn sponge-bucket -not the tidiest chamuber imaginable-that swings not like its more peaceful cousin, the tar-bucket, under the rear axle of the gun-carriage-plumpcd him into that, clapped on the cover, and Dot was good for an inside passage. One day the battery crossed a stream, and the water came well up to the guns. Nobody thouglht of Dot, and when all across a gunner looked into tlhe bucket; it was full of water, and Dot was as dead as a little dirty door-mat. IRAINING SHELLS AT CHATTANOOGA. Spirited conversations occur betweon tile rebel guns on Lookout and the Federal bat tery at Moccasin Point; Bragg has a care legs way of throwing hardware from thie mountain into the town. Yesterday he tumbled several shells about tlhe streets, and kept it up pretty briskly; but apart from a little ducking and dodging and upward glaniing, it was not much of a shower. The boys watch tile shells as they fall, and run out and pick up the pieces as coolly as you would gather the pellets of ice in a hail storm. If this queer weather continues, and you comeo to Chattanooga, bring an umbrella. THE. TUNBUInED DEA?D AT OHIOCKAIrAUOA. :..rToboei a new picturo of rebel in humanity : That nearly all our gallant, noble dead remain iunburied on tlio field of Ohicka mauga.must send a thrill of horror through the land. They lie where they fell, appalling and ghastly objects, denied the poor hospitality of the grave-digger, and offend ing the sunshine. The words man and humanity should be blotted out of rebel lexicons. How shall I say it ?-the birds of prey settle upon that field and swine fattcn their way through the fallen ranks of glory! I have this from sources too many and direct; thie horrible assertion is not shaded by a doubt. And yet thie rebels passed days in picking up fragments of iron, broken arms, anything that could possibly be made of use, with whlich the field was strewn, and were only driven off when all the hIeavy air was poisoned by thie unburicedl dead. Look on this picture and on this: day before yes terday the gallant Hookers' Federal soldiers consumed the hours in giving burial to the rebels who fell in the recent battle. Arc the feet of tile avehiging gods shod with wool, that we cannot hear their steps upon the threshlold, hastening to punish the in credible barbarity of those traitors whose guns are playing as I write-traitors to go vernment, God, and mankind ? At the Dorsetshire sessions last week, as the magistrates were about to separate, Sir John Lethbridgo rose and said he was desi rous to call attention to something which had lately caused him much pain. IHe re grotted to say that tile statute laws of this country were contrary to the injunctions of Scripture. He alluded to thie matter of swearing, and taking of oaths. Scripture said "swear not at all," and yet people were called upon by law to take an oath. Io had spoken to his old schoolfellow, Lord Derboy, on thie subject, and he said it was a question worthy of attention; and he thought it behloved overy man to get tihe statute repealed. Ho was now debarred from taking his seat for the county of Somerset because he conscientiously objectod to take the oath. Ho did not make the re fulsal because he was disloyaltd, for he never ilhid his head upon his pillow without pray ing for blessings on thie Queen, but becauseo he believed it contrary to thIe doctrines of his dear Saviour. The remarks of the hon. barosiet did not elicit observations from other magistrates on the subject. The business of ombalming the bodiesofe deceased soldiers is increasing in Washing ton. Thie cost has been reduced to £10 ecnl subject, and at the Armoury-square hospital all iwho die are embalmed, whether their friends wish it or not. W ehon the friendsS are too poor to pay no charge is madeo. ., A remarkablo case of suspended anim~nt is saidi to have occurred the other dces Berlin. A young lady, the wife rt, had poctable tradesman of the name ofu, whnc, booen lying for threeoo days in hiorsoftly into arising frona thie deadn, she.husband wnas an adjoining roomn in whir' On0 each tile sitting with hIis childse to ihave hadI tie hiorror of thie mo ntsono hIusbanl sharied mnne otllbct. WViA'id nce ofl'is sonnses, 1nnl, do. lnlnnb n grounl with a shrikol, irall.,~ a'y ·e, The Montroal Witness says that a French land-ownerl died'suddenly, to all apponrances, a few days ago, aund iias taken to the church i for iitel nint As. fltee sevierv co as proceod ing, noises ,weraha?r coinilg from tlhe colli. Tite lid was talien'" offl a.l thi man nas fouilnd to.o hidivo.' 'Oi theo followings a hos ow asable to be abouit . The Cambsa Leadler says t at rsecontly a lad, aged o14 liveing ft _it blaes, wsn? out in a back 'yard in tl0he evcpm, and. irbturned alniost :iistahitly in gr'at: fisght,. oxlaniming that h lihad soebh is owln ghost~ ; l Wheni 5ashifclently rt overied tb give an accoun te] b aidfi tat on 'ofi~en'Ln thibscl~ldor h1o saw' hsiniself white inld ddatlsike, staiding in frlitand hoiit 'a:nce' ran back fHit friends eaideaoured "to joke tIini out of the 'elif. but hse 'as net toeb13 sliakbn; and, singular 1to add, hlie sickened,; and, thouigh a'liealthy i lid up to the:date o6fhi i'fright, grew worse i and died:!'i '';' ? : 'T'ho robbery of the I::Duko6f Brunswid a's dianionds'hais becoine complicated by a neov hincident.:, Since 'the jewelsi were talcn, from Shlaw's P·ersbn thleylhave remained in custody at the Corroctional Police. After the. condeminatioin 'of the guilty party the Duke applied for the piroprty, but could, 'not ,obtain possessiod' of it, in consecquencbo of an opposition having beoon lodgol in' the nsmq: of the:,reigning' duke,' who claims a rogeat part of the joowelf as belonging, to. the crown of Brunswiokr. ': : . . , Messrs. Ifasneor and M\oss, opticians of Cdl lins-streot, Melbourne,:have added'to' their . stock of microscopic photographs one ofa'cop& of the Argus of August last. Though of the Ssize of a small pin's-head, the title andlead Sing lines can be made out when placed under a powerful,,microscope. ,,: Accomplished as our Melbourne .photographers are, they. do not alpoiear to be able to, mapnage a feat of tisi kind, add the newspaper had to be sent to Engliandtd be plipotogiaphed in so odd a fhshion. .. . There is. a runmour, says the, Pinang Gazette,. that the french G?overnment has agreOOd to return thre tliie ceded provinces in Co'hn Chi'na,. with thle exceptions of Saigon anid two' bother ports, to the king of Annam, for a: suie bf 'forty millions of francs. The French allsIe stipulate fot the protectorate of Aninam, ead oih the other hand the king is not to fortify any lbrts orplaces on the coast without :permission of the French. The above rumour webeliovoto be well fouided. A French gentleman, who will ultimately tlako up the appointment of Consul-General in Siam', lately passed through this on his way to Saigon, charged with a mission to revise the French treaty with the Cochin Chinese government. It is contemplated to give back some of the provinces, the loss of which the Annamese seem to feel so acutely. From what we can learn, the policy of the French government appears to be to extend its territory and influenco in the direction of Cambodia and Laos. The Froench claim to have succeeded to the rights of Cochlin China over Cambodia, and have lately entered into arrangements with the latter state by whlich thie protectorate of Fmranc is recognisod. This brings them into collision with Siam, which also asserts rights over Cambodia. Some of these questions, we have heard, it lhas been proposed to refer to the arbitration of the King of Belgium. The Journal do Toulouse says:-A fire, attended by a singular accident and loss of lifo, happened a feiw days ago at Guicho (Basses-Pyreoneoes). A girl living as servant with a grocer named Diguiet, in entering a bed-room, accidentally set fire to the window curtains. Sho immediately raised an alarm, and commonced tearing down thie burning material, which she throw out of thie window. The grocer on hearing the cries of "fire" rolled into thie street a barrel of gunpowder weighing about 501bs., which he hlad in the' shop. At that moment a piece of the burn ing curtain fell on the barrel, some of the staves of which were damaged, and the powder exploded, blowing down tie house, in the ruins of which five persons were buried. The wife of the grocer received such injuries that shle died shortly after; the man himself had to undergo the amputation of one of his legs, while the servant and two lodgers were seriously hurt. BLoonY WVonc.-In about ton minutes after the first fight another cduple of lads were ready, "got up" for the next en counter; wlhile the Arminimans about us said, "now you'll'see some bloody work." These two youths could not have beel moro than eighteen.:years old eachl; and directly the order to "let loses!" was given, blood was drawn in'the very first bout. Immediately thie wounid whs felt, the one 'receiving it cried "halt!" and the doctor. came forward and examined 'the gash. It consisted of a long slash' across the choklc of the West phlalian boy, which seemed at first like the wheal left by the stroke of a wiipcord lash.' In a few seconds the blood began to flow from it in long crinison lines, tteckling down thile side of the boy's face, and dripping into his stock and shirt until they were nearly saturated with it. The doctor, however bathed the wound with the stable sponge, and pronounced it of no moment. "I knew our boy would give it him finely," said tihe Arminian at our elbow. "He deserves all he'll got for he thrashed a Fink the other day with a stickl--the coward !I-and hlie will have to leave 'thei university for that directly the matter is brought before thie senate." (To say the truth, this Westphalian lad did isot seem to be the most pleasant-natured youth in the world.) " Our boy," con tinued the gossiping Arminian, "knows how to give the deep fourth cut beautifully, and you'll see he'll make a beef-steak of.the other's face before the fifteen minutes are over." In another second the blades of the two lads were whistling in the air once more; but in less then a minute after, the cry of "halt ! " was again raised, and the Arninians round nbout us said exultingly to one another, "lie's got it nicely this time just over the oyobrow i! Its as pretty a out as ever I saw in mylifo!" and the words w\'ero hardly uttered before the blood came streaminig forth, rusnning doewn the wounded lelln's nose, and trickling oin to his shirt until the front of it was nearly as rod as a sailor's flannel one. Despito this, after the wound had been once more inspected and wished as before orders wore given for the two to go "looso" agaiin; and then, after sosther uinuto's sselshing, thie TWestplilian received a third wound fioii theo Armini ian, tile tip of lwhosoe blado was now liko t bit of crimsoa tinmol-foil wilIh the gore of thIe other, Allil so it wont on every mInuto-s fie'sh gash ulnd a fr'ellsh plppr ) until theo Woslph5 ll foy's ftco ho, ?oslively as ro d . a snne?od aioop's thoe t loo' whore he otoo4 there .as a pool of blood as if a pig had just boon' s aghtored on thleo spot, and which rendered t diflfiult for the wounded man as he stood in it to prevent slipping about, while heo fuolr:ht Still tle boys foew'it on' even, thougll the 'lhds hbdnt us 'si? ltso 'st phalian would variit no en'di of needles to spw his hide-for it' is 'th ho itistoit wili the stiidlbnts?,toi spelak of the \idouihds 'inflictd is Idiilg lio many noddles' lo'ig, 'ac&od;(h to the number of bits of silk that aro' eqiigMed to'lb6insdrted in &rddc;:to didw tlio fldsh to gethlcir. Despite this 'hlcking of tlio West plialian's faco by tlhe Armiiaiii boy, (every one of' ??se deepi:' fourth' cuts told': with foidifl'for"o bo'thd dlibbkS 'bf hlit 'Wdi ioseacy), the two continued figltitig fortlihe fitll quarter of an hour. Nor- would the wounded man ask the other if lhe had had his satisfaction at,:the end, of, the ,customary tea: minuteo. And while,the fight went on,.the Arminians round . about. us, were wondering how , tlhe other could lose so much blood without beirng led off-an event which tlioy soeemed to look foeeward.,to with the highest pride, Nor wiore :.tllhey thioless 'delighted with the idea tlaft thelbir boy, althougl' lgh ha d cut ith WeVostpalian's face almost to mince mesat,: had not so imucli its a scratch ulion his own. Afto thlis camb tihe third the last pair of boys to have their faces hached about in s similair manior. It is idle now to continue the disgusting details of such i-illy andbar barous affrays.'. Suffice it~ that this Aruninian boy Ibfugt' left: handed, which, of course, was a great ddisdvatitago to his antagonist. Novhrthelss, both suffeid alike in the coduntost, several Iheavy blows beinug given on both sides, and the Arminian receiving, towards the end of thoe' encounter, a cut on his nose that 'inearly divided the, nostrils. Still they both kept:orn to tihe end' of the appoinited quartor of an hour. At the end of the "entertainiment," the other Ai'riiiniins took us into the room appropriated to theo dressing of their boy's wounds, and there we found the lad who had taken part in the last' encounter, perched on it stool, and in' front of him the doctor, with' one of thosed ugly crooked nebdles in one hand, and the tip of the poor lad's slit nose in tihe otlie',: as he proceeded to'driie the triangular instrmoent slowly through the flesli-while the wounded youth did not so much as .wink'lhis eyes with the pain of thlie niot particularly dexterous: operation. .As this was goinig on, another student sat at the piano before mentioned;, and played on the cracked instrument 'Veber's .' Invitation to. the Dance." The nose of, the boy having been duly sownup, the doctor proceeded to dress the tip of it with strips of linen and.then to brush them' over with tlhe collodian of which we have before spokson--an operation which brought. tlheo. tears into the lad's eyes,,.owing,to .the biting of the other into the raw flesh.of the wound.-German Lifeand' Manners as seen in Saxonyr:at the Preseont Day. By Henry Mayhew. . A WArI?cxxo.-DISEASED CATTLE.-In a report just issued by the registrar-general of Scotland, he calls the attention of the publio to the fact that over since plouro' pneumonia broke out among the cattle of this country a few years since, thile returns of mortality have shown that carbuncle, a disease formerly very rare, has become com paratively common. Dr. Livingston ob served in Africa that if the flesh of animals that die from pleuio-pneumonia is eaten it causes carbuncle in the persons who eat it, and that neither boiling nor roasting the flesh, nor cooking it in any way, gets rid of the poison. It is true that if such cattle are ever sold for food they are killed before they fall victims to the disease naturally, but still the poison is in them. The report suggests, as a subject for enquiry, whether tihe new form'of disease which we term diphtheria may not be partially induced by the use of diseased flesh. Boils of an intract able character (carbuncloid) are becoming very general. An ITIrA BnromunD.-ilone, the Cala brese bandit, now, in prison at Rome, is a tall well-inade man, of great coolness, auda city, and courahg.' A:t the time ' when thousands of scudi wolee offered for him dead or alive,"ha 'went into Naples, loeavihg 'his band at the foot ofVosuvius, and took a box at the San Carlo, and between the acts he got into conversation Wvithl the captaini of:the guardi who informed him thlathe was under orders next morning to command the corps whichl was to go in search of Pilone. On leaving tile theatre, when the guard was dismissed, Pilone invited the officer to joini him at a cafo on the road to Vesuvius. After a short4ime passed together Pilono' took Ihis leave, and exchlianged cards' with the captain, whose astonishment may be imagined when he saw, written in large letters; the name of the dreaded bandit. His adventure with the director of the bank, Signor Avitabile, made a great sensation at the time. This important functionary was accustomed to drive daily by the seaside. In broad daylight, one afternoon, while crowds wore in the streets, Pilono entered the town with one of his most trustworthy followers. Suddenly the lieutenant called to the coach man to stop, and jumped on the box. In a moment Pilonoe lot down the steps and was seated by f. Avitabile. The coachman, under the thlreat of having hIis brains blown out, drove on towards Vesuvius. In vain the poor director ondeavoured to lot down the windows to call for assistance; but he was hold tight in Pilono's iron grasp. Ar rived at the mountains, they woro mot by a detachment of the band, the director placed on a horse, and in the face of the whole population carried off to the mountains. A largo ransom was domarided, one-half of which being paid, Avitabile was permitted to return to his home. But here comes the pith of the story:-Pilone, seeing a state ment in the papers that hlie had received the full amount of the ransom, which had been repaid by the government, sent a statement of the exact sum he had received to the papers, and the director stood charged with having pockeltoted thIe difference. Another anecdote before we leave this interesting lioro of the highway :-On one occassion the government made frrangements, which it was thought could not fail, to seize Pilone, ait a time when he was known to visit Pompeoli daily to meet a young lady to iwhom hle was deeply attached. Ashe was leaving the trysting-plaso, suddenly a corps of gendarlnis appeared, but before tlhey could fire, Pilono, ormted with a rifle and a bIraco of revolvers, shot two of them, leaped over a low wall, and was off liko a door; but, slit, hIo run into another detachlmunt whlIc had boon sent round to moot him, ITheora he was greeouted with a volley which mlassed hIlml, for I, oomod to bear ma clarmoe lifo horo, two mIoro of hli oomIlo f1ll, andl, ? -_... .. . -.. ....2-2? ::W-W W [{ loapiing oetr ovoiy obstaclo, ho made for tho son, cuttinlg away at his dress as ho i)ro coeded, so that, when ho arrivod at athe s e orolho was ill a fit state for a bathli. In lie iumpOd, and beinlg a strong switinielll lie dived nnder thle waves whonl tIlo'olloys, of musltotry rang arounid blimu. Only one iihbit hit lhim in the ,ankle, but it wns not siflidint to imlpeqde his'progreoss. Alto' a liftle tinio he was piiloked u ip h fish liii-oiit,' aied af iightfiall was agSai att: thoellod o"f 'lis blauind.lomrin corrdspqn~deno of the Mon?-O ing Post. 'LcoUtJVR 'wiet A BEtA ",Ve saw aL tornibl6o' proof of Brini's pro?css. 8Soego tlemoni gitided by Ia hill'huntcrLr hl'ad col .0ui0on a bealr in this' v?;ry 'i;alloy" ,'Theitt?d fired, aid hit ihim.- Thoe bbtiar sprani t thel liuntor and throw hinidownt' d olnH ewasroha in?goutfoir asisstanco, when' tliohleiutovoizdd him by the opoent moith, iandilpulledltiill thel upper "jaw. cameaoway. Tle hparty.did'thoir bestt to release hiin:; but:lthe bear twouldd nbt let the mIan go till he' fell dead:by a dozdn bullots.:: Singular to iay, the man roecovbered. H is nise andthalf his tlhelks woro wantiig; and he had .not a single tooth in tho roof of his mouth, whlich formed ono cavity wit tlhe nostril.. L Io kopt.his ftce wrapped upwith cotton cloth,, and his voice was very mudh impaired; but othorwise he was strong lid hoalthy, though he lived ouentiroly upon milk and rico. The very day after wo.e snohim, lio, sholt a boear cub, aid.carried its skin away to., Simla for salo. Its damprowled aboutseeko ing it ovorywhlor.. ,Ihoard her cry,againaidt again, at a short distance. The sound was oextictly liike that of a cat robbed of.lior kit tons; only much moro oiv?erful.-~l6tndolph Metlhyl. GooDn NEWS OR P~ORINTEnS.-Over 1800 tons of espartlo--a kind of grass wloioh grows in sandy places on the Afiricai shores .of the Meditorranean, and in Spain-wis imported into England during the phst twolvo monlths. Neaily, all nowspapers, not oxcepting. that or' whlich the Times is printed, contains a podtion of esparto, and some of the penny daily papers published in Editnbigl ,,con-. taim only one-foiurth rag material. Thio largo supply of papor-maltking matorial fio.m this source has boeen most opportuno. Rags atre. becoming gi'adually scarcer, coloiired rags suitablo for nimaking common' primting'ialjer,;' 'were worth 4s. to 6s. per owt. in 1848;, and are now'? worth 9s. to 12s. per owt., hid this notwithstanding the relief produced by the importation of esparto. SExsATIOTmx..-A romantic, but byj no means, as a consequence,' pleasant lcircum statinc,' took place last wekl onh Ballaarat. The B3allaiirat Evening 'Post says'i-"' A woman' residing in Adolaide some sia years ago' was left by her liusbamnd; wlhodame to Victoria to try his fortune. Shortly 'after his departure she heard'of his decease: A foe' yoears sinice she got married again,' and he'r husband afterwards came to 'Ballanrat, his wife accompamnying him. Last week the lady was invited to the house of a friend, and there mot her first husband alive and well. The effect of such a "recognition may be easily imagined, - all present 'boing not a little disconcerted. The lady, how-: ever, decides, "not to be off with her first love, as she considers that her firstiusband has (and the fact cannot be denidd) a prior claim." 0AonING TRE NATIvEs.-s-Offan island near the line, some time ago,, the natives .came on boaid the ship in great, numbers, and were thlronging in overthe bulwarks in a very suspicious manner, whilstimore. canoes were seen coming off from tle shore with armed crows. They woro consulting, on board how they should get rid of tlheir visi tors withlout a collision, when one of the sailors happened to go near a large white cockatoo,, who immediately raised his crest, and commenced his garrulous speech. In stantly, with thle wildest exclamations of alarm, the savages 'jumped overboard as fast as they could; and, warning their friends of the presence of this awful Aitu; they made for thie shore ; nor could any persuasion induce .'one 'to' venture into his presence again: 'Another vessel had a somowhat similar escape at Byron Island. The natives had comoeoff, I:was told, in the same' way, in formidable numbers, and in largo canoes. They boarded the ship, as she was going fast through tho water, by throwing lines, with cocoa-nuts attached, into tihe rigging. The decks were crowdedby ajabbering assembly, when the master, alarmed, went down into the cabin, and armed himself with cutlass and revolver; but, as he ascended the com panion-ladder, found himself suddenly so squeezed up that he could not malke his way to the.deck. Unwilling to commence hos tilities with such odds againsthim, a thought struck him, and he called out to tihe cabin boy to give them some music, -:'No sooner. had a barrel-organ, which he happened to have, commenced playing "Awn, Wmhigs, awa," or some: such ditty, tItan the horrified' natives, panic-stricken, immediately .fled from the angry god of the whale-catching white men.-Notos of a Cruise in .F.... Fawni, in the Westermi Pacific, ii.1862.. A S'Trns E STroY.--The. :brig. :era Panchally, a native vessel bringing cargo from Coelin, arrived here last evening, iaving on board distressed seamen who had belonged to a vessel the fate of which is yet uncertain. It is, however, clear that these men woero found at sea in great dis tress off Cape Comorin, and picked up by thoe Vera Panchlally. One of the saved crew (the tindal) states that heo was the master of a vessel called Sorna Leatchomy, of 100 tons burden, the property of a chetty in Colombo. He lhad taken cargo at Cochin, and was bound to this port. When near Capeo Comorin ho sighted a largo steamor advancing, propelled by sails. On nearing hIer, the steamer hoisted up a flag which heo believes to be American colours. He signalled hler with British colours lthat he had on board, lwhen, lo! without further ceremony, the steamer sent a cannon ball across her hullandpassed off. Tho ill-fitted vessel of course sunk immediately after, and the crow saved themselves by getting into the boat, except one who perished in the straggle. They were picked up by thie Yora Panchally five days after the destruction of the vessel. Trlis version of the story would load us to believe that this is the mysterious Confederate ship Alabama. If so, we hope to learn some accounts of it from tlhe Cochlin papers. Although it may not be impossible that the Alabama in liher mad career should have made a target of a h'ritish vessel, yet we are moro inclined to believe that it is a story got up to screen the fate that may hIave befalloei this vessel through some other cause, 'The worth of the vessal antd the cargo sito hsad on. haat Is estimated at nhboUt ioO,-,cOoylon 0v0rlAnd Bxomlnor, ,Immmmmmmalkra~sawnammmr Tan-.Hluxenr VYozi.---No sound, howover loid, ivWhether produced by a rannon or a fowling-pieco, causes the samno namount of toerror amongst wildanimals and( wild birds as theolumnnavoio. Ihnvo alwnys Inoyn;morbie grousde to be spi'?ug b'y spior'tfisl spOeaking to their ildog's or to eahl otlheor oin tlhe ioiain tiiau, in the shbotiifi sahson, than lby iany othor cause anld:it isa.i'ulobf inioi onily to makio"o use:of omy 'hitlo "aid s?irns to mny dogs, such as takin' dft' iy'lhat,; &&., ~iiad a 's'ickcd or crtb s. 1ook Jia' oftoii moreo, offlec ujiiii 'a "'dbg 'thoaf a 'ivhijillin' ' hlikowois i stil slhootinig, one iodord s pim'ings~nrnid ' birds' thlim twenty shots; , If yo' irgoto' it rabbitbsibir~-b to fdrrdt 3iou miay bang axway atlldaywtith youir giiiil aid tile rabbitsivill stillhlioltil 'bdit onco 'comnuincto speaking and your sportris'overo i 'tli?f?Terret lies iim 'dnd tleorie bbit. saibmiti· to' dcrtain death ratlidr:thitn:inmovo'towirds yoidr vicob :raitttidges'iire, so iniubliiaccustoniod to tio loiid.oicos, of 'flrmbes rand bhousrers 'that, g?onietally:speaking, you my' talk ds niuch is you ·iliko in pursuiti'of thom; . Notliing proves the :power of 'man over tleo 'biuto creation more thai his ivoico.e: EGeon intlie thickest junglos wild boasts will skulk away if they hear him speak--lBoaton;.:. :'.: P.",Avo' :vo ,iNo. TAITNOI A-??YIIINO. A correspondent of the Gl.obo say :-."-,I heiard to-day of. a speoimoni o ?hotel finmiancoi which,..though notintoedod for exposure, is yet so riclh, that I fool. you ought, to be in possession of it, if indpod-y3u are not already. A.frioend had lis, son, from Cambridgo to sPendl t lday and niight with him: in London duiring Eastor:i but hisoiu shousoe being fill he went to.engageo abed"for hIis son at the Garosvonor, ind selected a room a .~uatrnic, for wlich.th:e chargo was to be 3s... Gd., ex plainiing that it was for lls son, who only anited icoommioidationi for tihe niglht, and would: takio liis iceals at is fathllor's houso: Noet nmorning, oni the son.asking for his.bill hld was surprised to fiid hinmsoelf' harged 7s. Gd. thus (atsL conou): To bed, ls. Gd.; attendance', ls:? d.; not talking aiything at thl liotol, 2s. id.;. total, 7s. Gd. Now, tho albsurd part of theli ostobry is, that my friend, before leaving the hotel, happenod to take up a carto hnd saw tliheroin (inteo" saio): Cup of ofl~:rwith 'hot milik, roll, and buttor, s: Gd. S' o that had lissonpartalconof is, cup of coffeeoo with l:ho iilk, ;'roll, alid buttor, lie would never hamo had'ls. loss to' pay' than :he was charged for taliing nothing ."' I ExTAnodrorJniY Sxowm;u riaxo SCNE. On the oth 'instant, was celebriated atNorton, nea; Maflton, the o'manrriage of M?r. Thomas S. Dawson, of M]iddloham; soh'of the colebrated trainer, to Miss PAnson, the daughlter of Mr. Wm. I'Anson, 'of Nortoni. Tihe bridal pihrty donsisted of thle lito of tihe neighbour hlood.: Nos'ooir halind tho carriagoe convoy ing the ibridal party dilived from the churcli than'lthe people in tliohe streoets dommonced a enio\vballing attack updn those in the church yard. This strango proceeding, on the part of probably 1500 or 2000 people entirely put a stop to the egress of those in the burial' ground.' .- At'length some 500 gentlemen in the churchyard set about returning the fire of thlepeople in thie street, .and then com nmeonced a fight probably 'never equallod. The occupante:of the churchyard having the advaltago inuposition, and having the ladies to ddfoend, eventually gained..tlo day, and fairly conquered tlhe attacking party, thoughl the latter were fully throee 'times superior in number..... .. TmELEOiArnY.-- Wo perceive that the Ohe valier Gaotano Bonolli's system of telegraphy has boeenadopted between nManchester and Liverpool: Each message is printed by the very act of transmissioi in clear Roman characters, and as so transmitted is delivered, at the'clargo of six-ponce for twenty words, without furtllher process to.the receiver, thus absolutoly excluding all possibility of error,. and rendering tihe company independent of specially trained and consequontly highly' paid manipulators. The company now pro posed to extend their operations throughout the United Kingdom. A RvinwAY ron AnsTnALI "CAPTUREDn. The ship Leaping Water, from 'London for Port Phlillip, loft Plymouth on March 19, taking out a large number of passengers and full general cargo. A few hours before she left Mr. Superintendent Sylvester, of the ochldale police, succeeded in capturing a runaway from that town who had taken a passage in that ship. The prisoner, David Brogden, was a respectable master machinist camying on business in liocldalo, and sup posed to be in prosperous 'circumstances. He was alho connected witli; and' an influen tial officer in, some of the friendly societies in town, occupying the position of secretary to the Roohdalo district of the ancient order of Druids. A short time since he olandos tinely loft Rochdale, leaving theoro a 'wifoe and two children, and married a respectable middle-aged woman, with whom hie was found at Plymouth; It appears that on his flight he brought but limited resources of 'his own, Mrs. Brogden number two, or ra lther Mrs. Schlolofield, which was the alias the prisoner had assumed, payiing for his fit out and passago to Australia. Subsequent to his slcedadling it was discovered that he had made free with some of tlhe. moneys of the societies with which he was connected, and a brother Druid accompanied the super iitendent of police in pursuit of lis erring fnator for a matter of between £60 and £70 heohad.defrauded that society of; the money in that case having been obtained by the exhibition of tickets for deaths of brothers that never happened, and the re-burial of defunct brothers, thus drawing the funeral money over again. The Leaping 'Water was detained while the prisoner and his de ceived clre amec and their goods were brought on shore. The prisoner was com mitted to prison. JAPANE?SE VIEw oe Exoirsit Cn'LIa.urIow. -The Japaneso envoys who visited London last year lhavo published the diary they kept; and the Spectator trusts some English pub lisher will have the spirit to obtain a' literal translation. The account whlich is; going tIme round of tie papers does not iodicato much shrowdness of observation. Tihe envoys seoem to have boon chiefly struck with the imprudence and independence of our women, and the absence of visible distinctions of rank. The women, they say, 'danco overy whero,;and run like men, while the men run along thie street in the armns of women, Tinhe mon are: rough, proud, indifferent to rank, and capable of visiting the theatre, which thIe envoys evidently think.very wrong, Time account roads a little as.if it had boon cooked, oealy a European would scarcoly have invented the remarks that the " Londonors unoquivoeally d nemostrated thatthey thought us ugly; | " ald oveybody iY the tlheatroe, porhlhup from dlhtrsotlon, olevelleo a spying. WWAWWtmmmmmm glass nt .us." 'hl'oro ise the hro Oriental inarlctL int thoslo soltouces--tho good .Tapan coo, liko all other Asiaitics, bolioving tliit thloy aro deciribing thie way and hnbits of ian e tequidisitant botsoon thomseolvos and thi moultoys. Wo:.r?'ntinnsl ' iL Ti'E U'IV-R.lisi.--Vlt t is-, soitioi will ;niako ono libliovp that in ono ecobld of' tili"heno Ibeat of thA i'oiiduluni of a clook, a ray of lhight travols over 12,d00 miles, and Would;,thomofono, poiorfoirm thd toihr of the woirldl ini?bbio't thl? s'mo timno tiht it oquniirbs tb wink vitliiiur oyolids, n&d; in mudli liiss'tlhan .n Aii-i riinne occut litOs in alalnig in singlo stridb ? Y'\Vlnhat mor tali can be iadb 'fto bolidvo,.itlioiit(onib n stration, tlhat tho sun is ailmidost naiiillion timies largotrtihin tie oiith? a"nd thiit ni thougih so oioto 'fr6ni-' id,', biii'oii;biall, sholt. diroectly tar?idsl it, and nrnintainiig i tsm 'full si)eedl, would be twenty ye'o ri i': ronch, inig it, yet :it 'tillbots' tlio earth l~y its attnrace tioni?in ni anipprbdiliblo ;iistfanc ofi itiin ? WhVl.o would not iaslk for dodinonstratious, whoi, told that a:gnat's wing-, it its oidinniy' flight, boats maniy :hundrode timos :in a second.?--eobr.tlhitthta Oxist- animatod andr rogularly: organised beings, miaiy'thousands of:wloIsoibodios laid togothor woild ndt ox-i terid in~.inch? lUt what are these to thei astonishing truths which modorn optical in quiries ::havoe, disclosed, wlich ;toech ..that overy, point otanmedium through which 'a ray' of light passes is allentod with a succos siion of ploriodial moveiyonts,,rogilarly re curring at;iqual intorvals, no loess thau. five hundred millihens of times inla singlo secondlo That itis by suchnmovemonts, conununicated ,to the norvos of.' th eyo, that owe iay see, nay more than that, it is tIhe diflbronooo.iin tlihe frequency of thoir arccnrronco .?hict,eafi fedts us i ithl the diversity of colour ? That, fdr instandco, in .acquiring tlo .sentisation of rediioss, our oyos are niollbcted. firf hiundierod and eiglhty-two muillions of inillionis of times "of yallownvhoss, fived 'iudlred iand f.orty-" two millions of i millions of' tim?es-and of .i slot,:.6oven 'hluiidrnd trind. sivon' auil libhsi' of, milliohs:' of 'tiinonS: li 0 secoiln ? D6 'nbt sitcl' tlhings' jo6und'ino'o likc 'Htl6 ravings of madmon thn l Atho sober conclu sions of people in theoir iv alking senses ? Thdy are, nevertheless; conclusions to uhichi inny: one may certainly arrive, whno Will only bd at the trouble 'of meammning the chain of reatsoning by whliceh they have boon ob tained. *MY Lost' Do.e-I saw hlim last,'l tlhreo mornings ago, loisuroly. straying round the "gardeo with a strap oftho baby's shinoo hang ing out of'lis moutli, and wvitli a :knowing wag of his tail, as much as to show m hiow lie was enjoying hims'olf. I1 rbmoiistrited with him on tihe shoo cquestion, 'and ho 'so6un ed somewhat touclihd for a 'niomont; but sumddonly catching sight of a predatory cat on tihe walll he gallopped off without further parley. I watched the cat scuttle up g:troo; I heard Pinchor growling aIngrily at its baso ; thie noise of tlhe milkman's boots'scrunching thie gravel attracted 'his attention. 1i darted off and was 16st to me for over. 'Thoro was:a fiendish' grin otithe housemaid's face when .she announcedo' tme that ]'inchler wasn't nowhoro to be found. Visions of henceforth - unworried stolting-heeols, . uin snapped-at-ankles,. rose 'before tlhe damsel's mind as sho brolto thie nows; and'she smiled as she said tlhoy'd looked overywheoro theoy had and nothin'' wasn't to be soon.. .I was not crushedhby thointolligonc. I knowi my dog's extensivo visiting list; and thought that, finding he lhad overstayed his tiheno, lie had probably accepted the friendlyhhospitality; of half a kennel, and was then- engaged in baying the moon, and conducing, to. :the slodplossnoss of a neighbouirhood unaccus tomed to his vocal posenrs. BUt, as Ilay in bed in the morning, I missed .the .arious little drainas-tho principal chiradtors played by'Pifincher and the tadrspodploe-of which I had long ben' tho silent audieonco.' 'The butchor'ii'boy--i fiorco and beefy youth, ivho openly dofied' tlei dog, and' wdved hii. off witli huniings bf his bai?et anrid threatenings of his feeoot, accompanied.by growls of " Git 'out, 'yor.biiast"-now entered silently; the balcor's apprentico, a' mild'and farinateous lad-whio piroffered tb Piichor the raspings of lblacd loaves, and ustially. ondeavoured to propitiato his enemy by addressiiig him as 'Pobr follow"-now' entered silently;' the fishmongor-who, generally made one wildi scittl 'froni the garden-gate t 'lthe ldtcheon entrance, arid 'upon whoso tracke Pincheor usually liung as the wolveros hung upon Ma zoppa's--nowv walked slowly up'the path, and whistled. Then .I. knowe that Pinchor was gono indeod.--Dikcons' All the Yoar Round. WEST A-RInAN 1 ER.nALDRY.-There 'was a vast variety of tatoos and orniamontation, rendering them a serious difficulty to strangers. The skin. pattorns word of every variety, from thie diminiutive' prick' to the. great gash and. tho' large boil-like lumps.. Thoy. affected various figures- tortoises, al ligators, and the favourito lizard; :stars, concontric circleos,:. lozonges, right lioes, welts, goutsof gore, marble or button-likeo knots of fleshl ,and elevated sears reosembling scalds,. whichli are opohned for th b'introducr tioni of fetish medicines, and to oxpol evil influences. In. thlis coitntry overy tribe, sub-tribe, and oven family, hnsaits blazon; whoso infinite diversifications may be com pared witli the lines' and ordinaries of uiu'ropean heraldry-a volume would not suffico to explain the marks in. detail. Tie' chief are its follows :--The distinguishing mark of the Egbas is a gridiron of three cuts, or a multiplication of throo upon oach cheek. Free-born women have one, two, or three raised lines, thread-line scars from the' wrist up the back of the arm, and down tihe dorsal regions, like long necklaces. Tlhey call' this " entice my husband." Tihe Yorubas draw perpendicular marks from the temples to the level of the chin, with slight lateral incisions, hardly perceptible, because allowedesoon to heal. The Efons of Kalanda wear a blue patch, sometimes highly dove loped, fromn the' cheokl- bones to thn ear. The Tapkas of Nupe makel one long cut from the upper whorl of the nostril, swoop ing towards the eai. At Ijesha, a country lying east ot Youruba Proper, the tattoo isa long parallologramn of seven perpon. dieular and five tranverso lines. Those, called Brechi, wear a flap of skin taken from the foreholead, and overlapping eyebrows, nose, and eyescornors. This stylo of soalp. ing kItlls many, but the survivors are greatly respected. I observed a thing novel to me; the creole in the women was not unfro quontly tattoood a dull dark blue, tho colour. ing nimatter beoig native antimony, found it Yourabu and on the Nigor, and lovigatoed with popper and natron upon a steno, 'JThe Ibitouetote wits coral, in no kelaeoa and wristi lotsle, hovy begleota lnd nklts 'of oplpeqr, im e mm w vaern e. irori, tin, or ians,, and various rin~s upon thio thumb, tlio imiddlo figinr, and tho toes. Most pooplo carry beads of yarious sizes and colours, donoting tlhoir,.poculiar worship. Necklaces of largor many-col6irep d boads, with threooigger othaniinl the cait, show the ddotooees of Yoymnaya, glldess dof brooks and itrnn.ams. Puro whito. boads.. ro. ?iyorn by thosbwho ridord Olai6ld ;t blick arid wlhito, icltornating willh i'd, hy"tlio ivdrshlfipi' of Sh8ingheo-LVulfan, or Jlipiter TobiLus. Shnall whito~Indiai' covwiids iro 'tlhei orniridits of idols,' l·id as such iie d'woirin by thoir sor vaints, ceopocialy lIy thibo wlho w idoidrloe god i3urilcu ailll thge ddesl Ananlu, :'h, 'liko the IIhiloo, Slihivan 13il o h nhwi', ws?a with oult woapons. Tihe worishipprs dofIf?;cialloe palm-nut iriostd, woei wristlets ofpaini-nuts struiig on fibro; lirass; liracolbts, and all ornanonts of the sitad coleir, are symptoms of isdoringthofomailorivor gddOshun. 8naklo worshippors,- iid, uccording to othelrs, thoso who pray, to thel Ogu.nTrvor, havo an iron ing:,round' thoi loeft :rist. 'Tlhoso who boar upon their foihoadsi 'a, painted mnark .:liro. the lo..indoo.: Tilak- aro theo votaries o£ the aiistooittic and oxponsivo g o d O r isih a k o . . . . . Tlo, first insltnco of a. womdin passing a rogular and fornmal oxminaitionS for tho iiod ical profession ,hlns talkoulllac at Apothloca ries'hall.... few days: ago Eh- liabeth Gar rptt~ duily passoed hor lilrst oxamuination at this hall, ,having, complied withthlo reogulations df th Apodthor'icaics' Act. ;,, .-:.. Tihe powor of tho peonny is weoll illustrated in 'theo isccounts of tho. Birkonhlad ferrios. In the! yonyci, dding March I.31 thoir roturns woro nearly £30,000, and their profits abovo l13,000. "Does the razor. .tai(c hold, woll?" onqUirdd aharbor eho was sliaviig a gontlo niai fron thie coiiutry " Yes,' roplid tho customor, iithl tears inm hisoyos, '(it takos hold first-rito, but it donl tlht gp very'easily." 