OTAGO. ( From our own Correspondent.) Dunedin, 24th October, 1S64. .Knowing the interest yoa teel, as well as the good Catholics of Sydney in the progress of Catholicity ?, in every corner of the globe where the standard of the Catholic and Apostolical faith is planted, I am sure a little intelligence concerning its progress in the province of Otago will be interesting to the readers of the Freeman's Journal. Thisprovince, as I suppose you are aware, was founded by a select body of Scotch Puritans — people who do not much admire Catholics— consequently you must know that it was a difficult and a hard task for the first Missionary Priest to found his mission among such people. But the task was entrusted to a priest, the Rev. Father Moreau, whose zeal and example in promoting the Church of Christ gains for him the estimation and good will of all classes. Though the Rev. Father's beginning was gloomy enough,— he had a great deal to contend with, but such is the case in all parts where the true light of faith is pro pagated, such has been the case since the days ef the Apostles; It is now about three years and a-half since the Rev. Father Moreau came first to reside in Dunedin. The only place he could obtain to offtr up the Sacrifice of the Mass for the first time was a concert-room. Remaining in Dunedin only a few days, he had to go to Invercargill where he re mained some six weeks administering to the wants of the Catholics of that place. The diggings being discovered on the Otago side a great number ot people flocked there from all qiiaiters; the Rev Father knowing that his services were much needed on the gold-fields, once more betook himself to the road, travelling over two hundred miles on foot, swagging (if I may use the digger's phrase) the lestments and the other requirements which he needed to administer to the religious wants of his scattered flock whenever he met them on his way. Once more in Dunedin he had to celebrate Mass in a public-house — on appli cation he was allowed the court-house where he afterwards said mass off and on for six months. Surely such places were not fit except through dire necessity, to offer up the sacrifice of the mass. He set to work and laboured earnestly ; no obstacles were a barrier to him, though many crossed him in his path, he laboured diligently in the work of God and now well may it be said that his labours are blessed by the seven- fold gifts of the Holy Ghost. In less than twelve months he got built a very nice brick church and a residence which, indeed, are a credit to him as well as to the good Catholics who as sisted in their completion. I may further add that the government gave no aid except the land which was given at the upset price. The Rev. Father's work was not alone confined to Dunedin, the great number of Catholies who were located in different parts of the province he could not neglect, conse qaently the mission had to be extended and ho time was lost in doing so. The Revs. Fatheis Martin, Royer, Duhigg, now came to the assistance of their fellow labourer ia the vineyard of Christ, and by their perseverance and energy com bin sd with faith, built no less than six churches besides having col. lected subscriptions for the purpose of erecting in other localities, where the Catholics are numerous, places of worship within the last two years. All honor and praise be to that noble order of priests, the Marist Fathers, who have planted the true light of faith through the length and breadth of New Zea land, not alone to the white but to the savage natives of the wilderness. The Right Rev. Dr. Viard, Catholic Bishop of Wellington, accompanied by the Very Rev. J. J. P. O'Reilly, V.Gk, were here for the kst fortnight. This being the first time his Lordship visited this place, the Catholics were eager to pay him the respect becoming his dignity. When it was intimated to them a 'few Sundays ago, that his Lordship was about to pay a visit, by their worthy pastor, a number of them met for the purpose of deciding as to the best means t& be adopted for his reception. Accordingly they decided to meet his Lordship ia Port Chalmers and escort him overland to Dunedin instead of coming up by sea. On his Lerdship's arrival in port, a telegram to that effect was dispatched and a number of Catholics with, some Protestants went to meet him and escorted him into town. On arriving at the Rev. Father Moreau'sthey presented him with an address to which he made a most suitable reply. Afterwards he went to the church and gave Benediction of the most Holy Sacrament. The following Sunday Pontifical High Mass was sung by his Lordship assisted by the Rev, Fathers Martin, Royer and Moreau. On the occasion the Very Rev. J. J. P. O'Reilly preached a most eloquent and instructive sermon. As the Sacrament of Confirmation was not to take place until the following Sunday, 16th inst, the Very Rev. preacher gave instructions during the week to those who were to he confirmed and to make their first Communion. At 8 o'clock p.m. on Con« firmation Sunday before a very large congregation a great number were confirmed among whom were many converts. When the Confirmation was over his Lordship said Ma68. Before the 11 o'clock Mass the ceremony of blessing the church which was dedicated to St. JoBeph, took place. On this occasion also the Very Rev. J. J. P. O'Reilly preached. In the evening Benediction of the most Blessed Sacrament was given and also the renewal was made of the Baptismal vows by thepereens con firmed in the morning, after which a great number of them were, enrolled in the order of the Blue Scapular. It was consoling to witness the number of persons who went to their duties during his Lord ship stay, although the people are generally attentive to their religious duties. On last Tuesday, 18 h instant, his Lordship accompanied by the Very Rev. J. J. P. O'Reilly left for Invercargill for the pur -i pose of opening and blessing the church which was built there lately. I understand it is his Lordship's intention to travel overland from Invercargill for the purpose of opening and blessing the newly erected churches in the different parts of the country. With respect to commercial matters things do not loek as people would like, though there are some goed escorts from the different gold-fields, yet busi ness is dull and a great many are taking their de»; parture for the Picton or Marlborough. gold- fields,, however, it is to be hoped that very soon matters will' mend. , 