TELE O-ZRaA-ZFJEHO . (FROM OOH TKLEOnAI'lIIO CORnESPONDBNTS.) SYDNEY. January 25. Tuc Olaronco has sailod for Brisbane. The English papers of the 2nd of Decem- ber state that Russia is making preparations for war on a gigantic scale. His Excellency tho Governor, on Saturday, attended an excursion party arranged by the officers of tho Civil Service. ' , ' "The advices by the English mail are con- sidered to be satisfactory. v: MELBOURNE. The Government oppose tho enlistment men from Victoria for tho Auckland Militia. The markets aro steady. By an advertisement in another column it will bo seen that a meeting of the parish- ioners of St. John's Parish, will ba held on Friday evening next, nt tho St. John's School-room, for tho purpose of considering tho affairs of tho Wickham Terrace Church, previous to tho departure for England of tho Right Rev. tho Bishop of tho Diocese Lyster's Concert was not us woll attended last ovoning as wo could havo desired, a oountor attraction hoing afforded by tho al fresco entertainment in tho Botanical Gar- dens. Tho programme was an excellent one, indeed; and so far as it was adhered to gavo unqualified satisfaction. Unfortunately, tho indisposition of Mndamoiscllc Durand pre- vented its being carried ont to completion. Sho first exhibited signs of weakness in sing- ing tho Scotch ballard, " John Anderson, my Jo" mid "Coming thro'tho Rye,"and finally hroko down from hoarsoncss in tho rile of Marie in the Daughter of the Regiment. Tho concert opened with a duott, "Flow gontly, Deva," by Messrs. Farquhar- son nnd Beaumont; and this was followed by Mr. Fred. Lystor's singing of tho lively Tarantella, "Gia la Luna," which almost led tho audionco to look for tho Spanish dancers on tho stage. Madamoissallo Durand and Mr.' Farquharson gavo a duott from the opera of Don Qiovani; " La ci Darera," aftor which tho lady's difficulty in doing justice to the demands on her powors was painfully manifest. We must accord unequivocal praise to Mr. Beaumont for tho groat taste and judgment ho displayed in tho rocitativo and ballad, "Homo of my heart," from Wal- lace's opera of Lurline. Boing on cored for . it, he replied to tho compli- ment with " Como iuto the Garden Maude," and with almost equal credit. Nothing could bettor provo the great caro which this gentleman bostows upon tho cultiva- tion of his rare talonts than tho way in which ho sang tho homely but pretty air, " Sally in onr Alloy." His intonation of its " linked sweetness long drawn out" was perfect, every modulation of his voico hoing truly musical and natural, and his enuncia- tion so distinct that every word of tho song was understood. Boing a second timo honored with a recall, ho gavo Don Cesar Do Bazan's martial air, " Yes, lot mo liko a Soldier fall," with great animation. But tho most magnificent effort of tho ovoning, was thu recitative and air, " Oh, ruddier than tho Cherry," from Handel's Ads and Galatea, which Mr. Farquharson rondored in his very best stylo. Such a splendid spoci moii of fervid vocalisation it has soldom hoon our lot to hoar anywhoro, and wo aro sure it would ovoko approbation from tho most critical audionco. Mr. Farquharson accompanied himself on tho pianoforte, iu which alouo ho acquitted himself of a perfor- mance that would command admiration. Ho was called upon to repeat tho air, aud ho gracefully complied. Tho doscriptivo seana, " Tho Maniac," aftor Russell; and tho buffo medley, "Fayre Rosamond," after John Parry, wore equally succossful with tho clas- sical production previously montioned. Mr. Fred Lyster sang "Tho Holy Friar," with a koon appreciation of tho idiosyncracy nf tho good old men of paat times, who drossod in sackcloth and drank "sack," liko Jack Falstaff. To givo effect to tho scloctions from the Daughter of the Regiment, Madamoiscllo Durand and Mr. Lyster wero woll " mado up," tbo former as a Vivaudicro, and tho latter as a Sargeant of tho "Old Guard." Thoy sang the "Rata- plan " with but indifferent effect, owing doubtless to tho lady's indisposition; but Madamoisollo Durand was more liko liorsolf in tho duett with Tonio (Mr. Beaumont), " To this confession Tondor," and in tho solo, " And now, farowoll," was dolivorod by hor with much expression. It was her last effort. Upon retiring to change hor costume she was so ill that Mr, Lyster begged the con- sideration of tho audienco to excuse her singing any more. His appeal was, as a matter of course, successful; but ho was asked to sing tho " Rale ould Irish Gin tloinan," which ho did with an unctiousness, which tho sous of tho Green Isle alono can express. Mr. Beaumont brought tho enter- tainment to a closo with tho ballad (from Rossini's opera just named), " That I might bo for over near, a simple Soldier I became," which ho sang with aqulsito pathos. Thc same programme will bo ropoatod this ovon- ing. Bbigade order appears in another column to tbe effect that the members of the Artillery and Rifle Volunteer corps will be required to attend at tho Armoury on Thursday after- noon, at a quarter past five o'clock, in full uniform, for tho ptirposo of forming a guard of honor to receive his Excellency the Go- vernor, at tho site selected for the new Town Hall. We may here remark that the annual general meeting of thc artillory will bo held to-morrow evening, and the half-yearly moot- ing of the rifles this evening. At a committee meeting of tho Victorian Cricket Club hold last evening, at the North Australian Hotel, it was resolved to accept the challenge of tho Brisbane United Cricket Club, to play tho return match on Saturday next. Several new members wero admitted and othor business of a formal character was transacted. The following are the names of tho players chosen to represent the Vic- torians:?Messrs. Chase, Ryder, Wilkie' Costin, Jacobs, Aldis, Lansly, Macnish* Board, Box, Fowles, and Oldham. Thoy are particularly requested to attend on the ground at S p.m. on Wednesday next. We are not disposed, as a rule, to find fault with the instructions issued to tho police, nor with tho manner in which they are carried out. As a body tho police of Brishano may be termed respectable men, and desirous of performing the various onerous duties de- volving upon thom. There are occasions, however, when, abiding by orders given to thom, they aro somewhat harsh in their mode of proceeding, and render themselves open to unfavorable comment. They exhibit a par- tiality which is not in accordance with tho regulations by which thoy act, and take ad. vantage of a general order to vent their spleen at the oxpenso of a few priVato individuals. Whilst it is well known that with the excep- tion of two hours in the day, Sunday trading by publicans ia forbidden by the law, it must bo patent to every resident in Brisbane that that law is more or loss disregarded. It, however, is the duty of the police to put a stop to tho practice now prevailing, hut in a mannor by which they act impartially towards all. At the Central Folico Court, on Friday last, there wore a large number of respectable hotel-keepers summoned for soiling liquor on the previous Sunday. Thoy woro aoverally dealt with, gomo being fined, and some being discharged with an admonition, which, no doubt, coming as it did tram ono of tho magistrates presid- ing, was considered of but littlo importance Tho dofondants in those cases wore properly dealt with;, they had broken tbo law, and ns the polico had sufficient sparo timo on their hands to enablo thom to act as detectives, they had to pay tho ponalty for doing thu same. Unfortunately, tho polico sergeants exhibit; a most extraordinary partiality on such occasions. Thoy visit houses well known to ho respectably and quietly conducted, and avoid othors whioh from their modo of trans- acting business on tho Sabbath aro a disgrace to the town. Wo may quoto one instance out of many. Tho Fairfield Houso Hotel, in Goorgo-strcet. Two gentlemen connected with ono of tho daily papers woro in that establishment. There wns no noisyvconduct, no bad languago used. They had, from tho arduous nature of their occupation, found it requisite to obtain somo refreshment, and the proprietress of the establishment gavo it to thom. For that sho was fined on Friday last ton shillings and costs. She committed a breach of tho not and wns fined. Why, wo would ask, was it that tho indefatigable ser- geant did not extend his onquirios to another houso not very far distant, whoro sccnos of rowdyism woro enaoted for some hours after tho doors of the houso we havo referred to were closed. If they wished to moko a raid, it should bo general, and tho most respect- able hotel hoopers?peoplo who havo gainod for themselves a good namo for tho orderly mannor in' which their establishments are conductod? should not he singled out to gratify tho spite of a constahlo or a sergeant. If tho Publicans' Act is to ho carried out in its integrity, it should ho enforced in all cases. If it is not?if sorgoants nro to ho allowed to havo their special favorites aud spocial ob- jects for prosecution, then tho Act is moroly a byo- word, nnd should bc nt onco altered so as to mako it generally applicable. In anothor column will be found a lotter signed hy " An old Freemason," and bearing roferenco to tho approaching ceremony of laying the foundation-stoiio of tho new Town Hall in Brisbane. We havo, sinco that letter was received by us, been informed that a satisfactory nrrangemont has hoon made, at tho sumo timo wo endorse tho statements matlo by our correspondent. Wo aro certain that his Excellency tho Govornor, from whom all Masons entertain tho highost respect as representative of lier Majesty, will not havo any reason to feel annoyed hy any part itt tho proceedings which may ho taken by members of tho craft. He, with his largo experience in such mtittors, will bo awnro that from timo immemorial the order of Freemasons have taken a conspicuous part iu ceremonies simi- lar to that appointed for Thursday, and from our knowlcdgo of his Exoolloncy wo holiove that ho will bo gratified by a largo attendanco of tho brotbron on that day. Mr. Billings? tho roprosoutativo of Mr. Bourno, tho con- tractor, is, in conjunction with others, making great preparations for tho event, nnd his Worship tho Mayor, who lins ontored into th mntter with grout spirit, has ordorcd a silver trowel to ho uindo by Mr. Kosvitz, for pre- sentation to Lady Bowon oil the occasion, A platform, capable of accommodating about 300 persons is to ho erected, and from present appearances, wo heliovo that tho laying of tho first stone of tho Town Hall will bo marked with success. " On dit that Mr. B. Douglas has apologised to Mr. R. Cribb for his conduct towards him at tho publio meeting with reforenco to tho now Water Commission, held at tho School of Arts on Thursday ovoning last. It will ho romumhorcd that Mr.'Cribb had summoned Mr. Douglas, Mr. Blakonoy, and Mr. Vf. T. Blnkcnoy, for assaulting him on tho occasion mentioned. Tho two latter gontlcmon have not, bo far as wo can loam, made any apology. Yesteiiday evening a boy named Hussey was drowned in tho river whilo bathing noar tho residence of tho hon. D. F. Boborts. Wo woro unable to learn any further particulars respecting his doath. Is tho Insolvont Court yesterday, thoro wore niuo estates brought under tho notice of tho Acting Commissioner, Tliero woro no facts of importanco elicited in any of thom, and the proceedings occupied but a vory short time, i TnE business of tho Central Police Court, ! yesterday, occupied a very considerable time, j and some unnecessary delay was caused by j the want of a second magistrate. The most '¦ serious case was that of tho men Harris, Smith, White, and Keane, who wore charged j with being vagrants, having no lawful or ' visible means of support. A num- ber of petty depredators have honored our city lately with a visit, and within the last week soveral robberies have been committed. From tho evidence adduced, it appeared that tho prisoners woro moro or less implicated in the robbery at tho North Star Hotel, and also in tho stealing of tho cash box from tho London Tavern. Harris, Smith, and White wero each sentenced to six months in gaol, and as tho evidence was not so direct against Keane, the lighter sentence of three months in confine- ment was passed upon him. Wimby, the man who stabbed a woman in Yorks' Hollow on Sunday week, was brought up on remand, and was further remanded till Monday nextj as tho injured woman was still unable to attend. Several minor cases were also dis- posed of. ? The Volunteer Band, wo nro glad to see, have come forward again to contribute to the entertainment of tho publio. On Saturday afternoon they played in the Botanic Gor- dons ; and, last evening, they gave a prome- nade concert al fresco at tho samo place, which deservedly attracted a numerous gathering of our citizens. Wo trust that they will find it to their interest to come forward very fre- quently for tho future. It is current in select cireles that the Minis- try havo decided to make provision in the civil service for a gentleman whose claims upon tbe colony tbe publio has heretofore failed to recognise, but whoso influence on." commercial morality" has been felt by very many of our business men?by those who deal in "soda-water machines." The gentleman has distinguished himself very latoly by somo intelligent suggestions to the Philosophical Society anent tho estab- lishment of meteorological observatories throughout tho colony; and his close rela- tions with tho establishment ou Windmill Hill has been, it is said, appreciated by no less a pcrsonago than the Attorney-General. The following was the stato of hor Ma- jesty's Gaol, at Brisbano, for tho week ending 28rd January, 18C1:?For trial?males, 15; females, 1. Imprisonment?males, 18; fo. males, 7. Remand?malo, 1. Hard labor on tho roads?males, 5. Hard labor in the gaoj ?males, 43; females, 4. Non-payment of fines?males, 6; females, 1. Default of bail ?males, 1. Lunatics?males,, 41; females, S. Making a total of? males, 130; females, 21: Tub members of tho Victorian Cricket Club appear determined not to have any " off " Saturday afternoons. No sooner had thoy concluded ono match than another is projected. The latest proposition is that tho first eleven who havo been so successful in tho last two matches they have played shall meet twenty-two of tho mombors of their own club. Judging from our knowlcdgo of tho twenty-two likoly to bo selected the cloven will bc welt opposed. \- A number of gentlemon interested in the formation of a Brisbano Histrionio Society, met yesterday aftornoon at the office of Mr. Garrick, in Queen- street. Tbe business transacted was, as might be expected, only of a preliminary nature, Mr. F. O. Darvall was elected president. Messrs. 0. Lilley and 0; Tiffin, vice-presidents, and Mr. Georgo Ed mondstone, treasurer. The society has been promised the support of a large number of gentlemen, and wo trust to see its efforts attended with success. We are greatly in need of social institutions of this class, owing to the difficulty of obtaining professional artistes to visit this city, and the example which has been set by the poople of Ipswich and other places, wo can woll afford to copy. Wc aro informed that a meeting will be con- vened shortly for tbo purposo of framing and adopting rules, &c;, for tho management of thc socioty. Mr. J. Eliott has been appointed secretary. We havo received latoly a pamphlet en. titled " Plouro-pnotimonin, Inoculation, and Vaccination." The author is Mr. Graham Mitchell, who is at present residing in Vic- toria, and lettors from whom on this impor- tant subject have frequently appeared in the Melbourne Argus, Farmers' Journal, and Yeoman, newspapers. From a cursory perusal we havo made of tho little work we aro induced to recommend it to tbo considera- tion of those to whom tho provontiou of the spread of the disease of pleuro-pneumonia is mora especially a subject of importance. The pamphlet is published at 59, Bourkc-strect, West Melbourne The Melbourne Leader, of January 9, con- tains thc following paragraph :?"Mr Punch, ot London, used vory often to mako merry on tho "servant gallism " of Old England. Mr. Punch, of London, should como out to Victoria for u few frosh and piquant illustrations. A rather amusing ono came under our observa- tion tho other day. Maria Jana, a precocious damsel of fourteen, condescends to carry missus' baby whon madame goes abroad, for a weekly stipend that would utterly amaze a Dorsetshire laboror with wife and ton littlo re- sponsibilities all in tho enjoyment of lively appotities. Madame bas but latoly taken a stop in tho social ladder, mid is rather in- clined to stand on now-born dignity. Ma- dame and Miss wont out a fow days ago to pay a round of visits with tho dear Tittle darling, and Madame was awfully horrified with the Iovolling notions of Miss, who would persist in walking that equal paco which Horace, apropos of death, somewhere talks about as common to king and peasant. In other words, Madame, who had her own notions of tho virtues and rights of precedence, rebuked Miss for her presumption in walking sido by side with her on tbe Queen's highway. " In futuro, Mary Jane," said sho, " when you walk out with me be good enough (or henougb, to speak the wholo truth) ,|rstake three stops in hadvance or be'ind me.'1 The same ovoning Miss went home to her maternal parent with a heavy complaint of Missus' " impudence." One, of courso, naturally expected to hear of a stout and wholcsomo application of tho parental birch. Happily wo liva in a free and easy land of in- dependence. Madame, tho mother of Miss, only burst into fire and fury on the unutter- able atrocity of Madame's unsocial conduct to hor help, who was thero and then ordered to givo instant warning. Can we feel surprised at tho rapidity with which cargoes of tbe female unmarriod go off when landed on those shores? The Melbourne Argus of the 14th instant says: - "A private exhibition of the real legitimate ghost of Professor Pepper, re- cently imported by the ship Lincolnshire, took place last evening, in the presence of a few gentlemen at the Princess's Theatre. Mr. Gosford, the gentleman who has charge of this interesting stranger, holds a power off attorney from Professor Pepper, under whose superintendence the illuminating apparatus was prepared at the London Polytechnic. The exhibition last night was confined to the pro- duction of the ghost upon the stage, without any attempt being made to conceal the ap- paratus by which the effect was produced. The representation was perfect, the reflection of the original being complete to the minutest detail. As the illuminating power was lowered, the figure grew gradually dimmer; but still being the only source of light upon the mirror, it was still faintly discernible until all was utterly dark. A very curious effect, showing the action of one sense upon another, was produced, when the lady who acted as 'image' sang a stanza of a ballad. The lips of the reflection being seen in motion, the ears were irresistibly persuaded by the eyes to believe, in spite of knowledge to the con- trary, that the sound issued from the reflec- tion, in quite a different direction from the actual singer. Altogether, although the accessories of situation, surrounding circum- stances, ghostly attire, &c.;, were all wanting, and actual illusion was consequently out of the question, yet the merely opticle part of the exhibition, that which was alone at- tempted, could only be regarded aa an emi- nent success. The differences between the modus operandi of the ghost of last evening and that of former pretenders to the name, consist mainly in a more scientific arrange- ment of the reflectors and a more perfect power of illumination." 