VOTES OF OEKSUfiE. ;[?roia last Saturday's JEtegister.1 We liare no- desire to deal harshly with Mr. Sutherland. His intended cenBure npon Mr. Stow has . recoiled upon himself. The .no-confidence motion which he had placed on the Kbtice-paper,coupled with a special charge against tbej Attorney-General, has been treated with an indignity which Parliament seldom visits upta any aet of its members. It has been jyjdeed from the Uotiee-paper and ex punged from the reeords of the House. Even ■Mr. Coglin, who war do have seconded that motion, has thought it right to read Mr. -Sutherland a lesson on the conduct of political men; and,after this, nothing that we might say could add to the humiliation which has bhen heaped, upon the honourable, member. He malde a grievous mistake, and the House immediately and severely condemned him for it. This, then,-is jthe end ■<£ the no-cpnfidence ' motion, and is also the end, we hope, of. the. ! serious delay to ;public- business, wlhch has iieeeatlf iakei^sce hi the a&Bfie;£f,.d$g$Kiblj —an evil which has been aggravated in Parlia ment and out of Parliament by an amount of political intriguing which fortunately ie seldom witnessed in this colony. No stone lias been left unturned to get up an agitation in the country—to set party against party and class against class. But the good sense of the community will not tolerate such proceedings. The grievancemongers must he woefully die appointed if they thought that' the people of South Australia were to be led away by a meaningless cry against one class of the colonists, or if they expected that the Parlia ment was to be intimidated and overawed by a little meeting held at the Norfolk Arms, where a few citizens—actuated, doubtless, by good though mistaken motives—were found ready to Eupport and adopt the resolution which an hour before had been negatived in the Legislative Council. Public meetings and public discussions are good things in them selves, and nothing is more desirable than that the constituencies should watch and criticise the doings of their representatives. But when disaffected members of the Legislature foretel the coming of public excitement^ and state that no pains shall be spared to raise a storm, it is time for the thoughtful portion of the electors to be on their guard, and for the Parliament itself to take care that its dignity is main tained. The ignominious way in which the Assembly yesterday dealt with Mr. Sutherland's motion was a good answer to the agitators wlio have been trying to get up a cry against the Go vernment on the ground that the last " crisis" j was not conducted after the manner in which crises ought to be conducted. It will be seen by the reports of the Parliamentary proceedings that as soon as the Assembly met yesterday Mr. Bagot sought to have the no-confidence motion postponed until the vacancy on the Treasury benchts had been filled up; and when the House showed a disinclination to this it was suggested by other members that the motion should be modified by the striking out of all reference to the Attorney-General personally. But'this was even more strongly objected to, for it was felt that the manner in which the Attorney-General had been impeached for some imaginary un constitutional proceedings whilst forming a ! Ministry could not be allowed to pass un noticed. Grave charges had been insinuated against a Minister of the Crown, and it was for those who had set them in circulation to come forward and substantiate them—not to sneak away without either attempting to prove them or allowing them to be disproved. The House,- taking this view of the case, resolved tlmt the motion which had been put on the Paper should be at once proceeded with. It was therefore called on; but to the sur prise of all parties the mover had fled. Mr. Sutherland's chair was empty. He bad a few minutes before left his place, and had therefore intentionally abandoned the charges against the Attornej-General and the complaints against the Ministry. He had disappeared suddenly like one of Professor Pepper's ghosts—even as the baseless fabric of a vision. The course which the House took on making this dis- ! covery was a proper one. They hud resolved, in opposition to Mr. Bagot, not to postpone j the motion merely on account of the resigns- 1 tion of the Commissioner cf Crown Lands, 1 and they therefore now resented the sudden disappearance of Mr. Sutherland, whose object it evidently was to get the resolution put off and yet retained on the Paper as a lapsed notice of motion. Mr. Strangways accordingly moved, in order to prevent this, that the resolution should be erased from the Notice paper and expunged from the journals of the House, which motion was carried without a dissentient voice being raised against it. Thus, the threatened attack upon the Ministry came to nothing, and the only vote of censure which was passed was a vote of censure upon Mr. Sutherland. Into what " regions below" this gentleman dived, or by what stroke of inspiration he was induced to leave his place at the moment he was wanted, are matters which history may clear up, but which as yet have not been sufficiently explained. He came back when the question had been disposed of, and stated that his object in leaving the House was to cruse the motion to be put on the Paper for some future day—a step which he had been recommended to take by several of his friends, who wished to see the vacancy on the Treasury benches filled up before any discussion on a vote of want of confidence was proceeded with. All this seems to show that there lias been a little pulling cf the strings in reference to this no-confidence motion, and that Mr. Sutherland has had other backers besides Mr. Coglin. This last member, indeed, has been very badly dealt with. There was he, as starter, anxious to see the pending struggle, waiting to say "off," and fully convinced that his horse would win; when lo and behold the favourite never came to the post, and there was no race at all. This is certainly a hard caee. Judging from Mr. Sutherland s explanation and Mr. Bagot's remark?, we must auppoee j that the chief reason for their desire to post pone the motion was that the Ministry was not completely formed. The filling up of the office of Commissioner of Crown Lands would make all the difference, perhaps, as to the way in which some members might vote. It would therefore hare been awkward to have gone on with the motion during the present un settled state of affairs. A Minister expectant might have been voting against himself by voting against the four holders of office and the one vaeant seat. Thus there was a good reason why he should wait and watch railier than precipitate affairs whilst all was uncertain. The. vote of censure, then, was to be kept hanging over the Treasury benches until it pleased those who held the Etrings to let it fall. 'But the House would not allow this. They sympathized with Mr. Ceglin in Ilia grief at the dreadful jibbing and bolting propensities of the favourite which he had i backed, and were determined that if the I race could not be ran at once it should not be run at all. Thus one more stage in the annual crisis has been passed through. But when will it altogether end ? Another week of- the present Bession of Parliament is now closed, and the work of legislation is in about the same posi tion as it was before. The only useful thing worth notice which has been done since the Assembly met on Wednesday is the carrying of a proposition made by Mr. Kingston, whose measures we are always delighted to approve of when we have a chance of doing so. His motion on this occasion was to the effect that the Bill for imposing a rate on newspapers should be read and discharged. This was carried unanimously, and the public have now heard the last, we hope, of tjie proposition for fettering the PresB of the colony. 