HB, HABE LEMON'S JEST-BOOK.» A BOCK of tb!» sort deserves support on mash tb« same ground ss Chelsea or Greenwleb Hospital. When a joke has ser Ted its country tneritcriouely for a long time, it should not ba allowed to go bobbling aboat society subsisting on charitable laughter. As a matter of publia deaeney, it is right that tbere should be »oma honourable retreat for veteran jests, and the only possible one is a book whiob will keep them from the street?, lodge them becomingly, and, while it cfieotually eaves them from beiog ever employed again on active service, preserve them as examples to excite a healthy emulation in the rising generation. Taking them out of circula- tion in this wholesale way ii, it ia true, rather bard upon those persone whose collcqilal statua depends on wbst is asilad " a fond of anecdote," When a joke or story bas not appeared very eonapieuously in print, it may be i made use of with come degree of decency. But tbemoBt I hardened retailer will scarcely rna the risk of beiog preferred to the page at wbieb the autborissd version ¡ of bis mot ia to be found. To maka a eollee I tion, therefore, like Mr. Mark Lemon's is to do an iooal. ' on'able lojary to maoy amiable gentlemen who ere muoh , esteemed in acme circles for their, powers of dinner. 1 table-talk, It is aotuaiiy taking tbs soap out of their j mouth». We must not, however, allow such aa obj»otian lo weigh with us, even tboogh tbesofhrerB should, like the American ladies, take to using their own manufac- tures. Injustice; too, must necessarily bs done to many very excellent old jokes. It would require a synod of editors to provide for all trat deserve to be laid up tn ordinary. , Every one, Mr. Mark Lemon says, " will mias some pet jest," and of coarse the misting jest will be' considered by eaob far better than anything in tbe volume-just as . tbe old soldier of the pariah ls always tbe ' bravest sud moat battered and moat Ill-used , man in tba ooontry, in tbe eyes ol bis cc-parish loners. Bat we do not tblnk the oharge of being !''miserably incomplete," which the oompiler seems to anticipate, oan bo fairly brought against the präsent col. lection. Mr. Mark Lemon bad, to be sure, speoial ad« I vantages for s task ol this sort, bat it is only fair to say that bs baa employed them so aa to produce the" fullest I and best jea'-book that bas yet appeared. If we venture to find fault with bim at all, it is rather ) on tbe score ot things he has done tban of things he has left undone. Fir instance, tbere was no occasion what ! ever for inserting each defunct faeet'se as the school-hoy j rhyme about Dido dumb, or the story of tbe organist and the bellowe-blower, or one br two others that we might mention. It is all very well to give an asytam to old jokes, but it is quite another thing to open . deaf-house, In many instances, too, tbe same joke IB repasted, sometimes ia the very same word*. Thus the miser's saying, " Charity is a prltste concern; what I give *9 nothing, tn nobody," appears at page 48 and again at page 331. Another miserly diatom, that of ElweB about keeping servante, occurs twice, at page IO and also at p*ge 246. Lord North's reason for not following bis brother's example ia eubscribing to the Anoient Oonoerts is also given twioe- the first time anonymously, as the joke of " a late noble statesman," the second with the name in full. Another case of the the same sort ls Hood's mot about " the republic of letters" beiog so called because authors had not " a sovereign among them." At page 148 we find Madams Pompadour aaking Wilkes bow far a man might go in England in bia abase of the Boyal Family, abd his reply-" I do notât present know,'but I am trying ;" but about sixty p'agea further on we are told thit " Horne Tooké; on being ssked by a foreigoer of distinction how mush treason sn Englishman might venture to write without being banged, replied that ' be I could not inform him jnBt yet, but that he was trying.' " Repetitions of this sort ooour with greater frequency than ls quite eonelttent with earefol editing! I The oherge of spoiling is one o( very mash tbe sam I lind as tbst of baying omitted jobee. Pdople genet ally prefer s joke in tbe form in wbiob they bave alway been accustomed to bear it, and are very apt to treat an; alteration as a ohangs for tbe worse. Still there are on or two inatsnosB in wbioh we think the presen version is not so good as tbe one we have beird. Fo i'stance, Jerrold's saying to the Seotch gentlemen wh explained that bis name wss not spelled in the esme wa; I SB Mr. John Leech's is not improved by adding "in yon name/ The reply generally carrent is simply; " Yo 'i one of the Saotoh Leitchs-with the !-*-r-b." The who! rolnt of Sir Niobolas Bason's answer to the criminel whi pleaded (or mercy on the score of kinship is lost by th omission of tbe msn's name. Ia Bacon's AvophVrgmi the original somoa of the story, it rana ibus:-" Il i please jon, my lord, your name ls Bioon and mine i Hog, and In all ages Hog and Bioon bsve been neal kindred." "Aje, bat," replied Judge Bsson, "yoi and I cannot be kindred ezeept yon be banged ; for Hoi ia not Bacon nntil it bs well banged." Another osse ii Tom Sberidsb's answer when bis father threatened t( ! out bim oil with a shilling, A« given bete it was ! !' Then. Bir, yon must borrow i'," wbiob, we submit, ii I not BO humorous es the ether version, " Yon don'i 1 happen to bave the shilling about yon now, slr?"-tbe lstter suggesting (bat snob a bequest ezoeeded all Tom's I ezpeotation°, and tbat, so far from being dismayed at lt, ! he waa quite willing to tabB it on the spot instead ol , waiting for it. It is a pity (bat the editor, while be was abont it, did not attempt a collection of the good things tbat used to pass between tbe Sheridans, father and I son. We have seldom bsd PO marked sn Instance of the hereditary transmission of wit, and of the way In which men of genuine wit stiike spat ka from eaoh other. Some two or three are quoted here, but Borely there are many more whieh might have been banted oaf. Was it not Tom Sheridan who, when bis senior said, " I wish to beaven you'd take a wile," repli'd, " Very good, sir ; whoBs wife do yon wish me to take ?'' It would bsva been better, tor, if Mr. lenton bsd adopted some more STStematia style of heading. Every here and tbere be seen a to think it neoessary to enter into the oompetiion with the jokes be. is ' collecting. Thackeray's comparison of. a certain- noisy tragedian to " Maorrady and onions," is oallsd "A Sage Simile," The Cnanoellor'8 remark, tbat a young barris er bad " studied tbe wrong Phillips," is given ander the title .ol " A fillip for bim." There is a story of Lord Bottotot giving money to the mob tbat was barning him in effigy, that they might put on faggots enough. Bis uopbpu isrity WSB owing to the cider tax, end tberefora tbs sneodote is beaded '* Gon-eider-ate"-and so on. We do not look for dignity in a jest-book, bnt verbal anties of this soit might very well have been left to the pleasant gentlemen who write borleiques, and tbeir intelligent aa'ieeoes. Even if they were tolerably good, they woald still be oat of place bere. Metal upon metal is false heraldry, and a joke npon a joke ia quite as great a mistake. Bat besides being, as we tbink, mistakes in taste, tbese bsadinga ara further objeetionable as being utterly useless when arranged in au index. A book of tbis sort does not pretend to be a very gieat, or a very wiso, or a very good book; bat it might at least try to be as good of its kind as possible, snd'. this wonld have been better -if there bsd been a aervioeable index appended to it. In order to make ass of the one given-to find ont whether the collection con. taine some pettioular ssylng, or to refer to .one wbioh it dora oontoin-it ia neoessary for tho reader to make abont bolf-j,doran jokea of tbs above pattero : m tbs required joke, and then try thealphsbelioal list for some- thing like one of them. Tbis may be a nsefnl mental exerelee, snd if tho book is to bo considered aa a jocoso Oradas it is all very well, bnt it is rather bard npon those who ats rnot psrticalsrly -anxious to acquire tbe art end have no natural gift in that way. Ii Mr. Mark Lemon ia strong, let bim be merolia). We may quote ! sgticet him a story o' bis own, to be found ander tbs bead of " Order I Order I .- ' A barrister aprned a case somewhat confusedly. Mr. Justice Maule interrupted bim, ' I wlsb, M>. -, you. wonld put yonr faots ia some ordtr ; chronological order ls the best, bnt I am not particular. Any order yoa UV-alphabetical order.'" So we feel on looking through Mr, Mark Lem«n'a otpitsl collection of good thingB. lt ls a great pity he did not put them in some order, If not in tho text at less', in the index. To attempt to olsBsify then scientifically, even il practicable, would perhaps have been pedantic, bot it would bave added muoh to tbs' interest ot the bookit tbe jskesjol eadb "eminent hand" bad some distin- guishing mark in the index. No- raattar how wide tbs range ol snbjeots msy bs, there it always a ourlons family likeness among tba jokes of soy one wit. With s veiy little praetloe ene can nearly always tell at first sight a genuine Je rold from a Curran, or a Carran from a Sj ¡tn ey Smith. The Jerrold and Foote styles are, .1 he Jest Book, oie Selected and Arranged by Mark tunon. .London and Oambririgo: Maomillsn »nd Co. 1881, pirbapt, tboee wfcleb rentable ona another moil closely, yat thara ii a eontlderable difference. Then ia a greater amount of animal eplri's lr Footc/e sayings', «nd in general leaa acidity Cnrrac'a resemble Foote's in style, bot ara gene rally mors pngeieioul. Tbey do not, however, go borne like*tbe poliabed stiletto of Jerrold, bot rather oome down with a ringicg np'.Xike the delivery of a neatly.htndled ahillelagb. Aa a representation of Curran's Btrle we may perhaps lake bis answer to the tobaejocist who, having jost set ap a carriage, consulted him about ? motto for tba panels-a mot by the way, omitted by Mr, Mark Lemon, Curran's snggeation waa-" Quid tides,' whioh be raid had the doable advantage of being appila able either BS Latin or English. Thia style of joke bas not died out with Carran. We beard ot an instance of il the other day. Some eonnael learned in tbe law were discussing tha retirement of a certain attorney, whose philanthropy bad chiefly taken tba direc- tion of getting up and conducting petty a*tiona for iamages. Among other things it wai mentioned tba' he bad purchased a handsome plaoe in tba oountry. 'Considering the way he made bis money," aaid ont>-s oompatrlot of Curran'a-" he ought to call it ton cmauU demesne." Jerrold's well-known reply about rowing in the same boat. " but with different skulls, ie a good example of hit style. Theodore Hook's jokes, on tbs other hand, are, for the most part, purely puns sag ges ei by Borne quaint verbal similitude. They are to tboae of the Jerrold ind Foote school mush what the Cremorne roeket is to tba Congibve. The mme ol Mr, Winter, the tax-oolleotor, suggested the idea that his actions are " lummsry," and the sign of tbe "Three Bavens" tbat the landlord must be ravin* mad. But of the regular recog- nised jokers Sydney Smith is tbs one who has least in common with his fellows. His best things are, in genera), nst so much witty as humourous, bot then the humour of them le undeniable. Described scientifically; it may be said to lie In the sadden discovery of some I extravagantly abanrd relation between the things com- pared. Perhaps the joke whieb best illustrates bis pesaliar aryle ia his saying to the obild be saw strobing the beek of a tortoise, " My dear, you don't fancy you're pleasing tba tortoise ï Toa might as well try to please the Dean and Chapter by stroking tbe dome of St. Paul's." In one respect there is a resemblance between tbe jokes of Sydney Smith and those of Theodore Hook. They are very seldom what may be called jokes with a purpose. Almost the only instance lo tbe contrary is his repartes to the Frenob freethinker «cd materialiat. "Very good soup, this," aaid Mr.Smith, as they sst at dinner. " Oui, Monsieur, o'est exoellenta," wao the reply, " Pray, sir, do jon believe in a cook I" inquired Mr. Smith. Sjdnty Smith wat, we suspect, too good-natured a man to use bia wit often aa a missile. It may be a hard Baying, nevertheless it ls true, that a thoroughly good. nt tuted mao seldom makes a brilliant joke, and perhaps this IB one of the reasons wby jokers have, from time i immemorial, been fond of insinuating that good nature end poverty of wit al wayB go together. It ssrves as a kind of justification, or at least excuse, for their allaoka on sooiety. The supply of legitimate eu'jeo'a for repar- tee is seldom sufficient to afford that constant praotioe which ls essential . to neatness of execution. Consequently, a joker, to keep bis hsnd ip, ls frequently driven to operate on any harmless unoffending person who may be- unlucky enough to give bim a chance, just i as (dentin anatomists operate on horses, dogs, and cala, I Any one who looks through a book of this sorl will Bee that a large proportion of the wittleet, smartest, most j ' caustic j sits ia it are quite unprovoked, or at beat oan only plead si proroostipn the simplicity of the person, at whom tbey are aimed. Pascal's aphorism, " Diseur de bons mots, mauvais emotere," is too revere perhaps, but there is this muoh of truth in it, that, to be an I I accomplished "dieenrde boca mots," it is necessary toi ! dissard to a great extent all consideration for the feelings of others, lt may, to some extent, oonsale those who cannot make brilliant bits tbat set tbe table in a roar to rtfleot that the faculty baa ita drawbacks, and another source of consolation may be found in the faot tbat it ls rarely associated with an intellect of the first order. One or two of Ben Jonson's home-thruBts have come down to us, bat we have no record of aoytblng of the kind from the mouth of Shakipeare, unless ii be Fallet'« vague and whofly apocryphal allusion to the " wit combats" be- tween bim and Ban Jonson. Bioon, who unquestionably had the power, employed it very sparingly ; and though S rift end Dr. Johnson shone in repartee, they have done tittle towards filling a jest-book compared with men of the calibre of Quin, George Selwyn.Foote, and Horne I Túofce. -Saturday Revino. SímiTUAX. PHCToanAPRs.-It ÍB found tbat, unless great oars ba used, gome faint traoes of tbe former pialara ?itill remain, and tbeee may appear aa a sort of ghostly B'tendant npon tbs figure forming the second piolare. Oie photographer, io endeavouring to utilise au old plate wbiob bad fulfilled ita duty ss a negative of the late Prinoe Consort, oould not wholly erasa the image, wash or rub aa he mi¿ht ; there was always a faint ghost el tbs Frinoe accompanying any subséquent photograph talc n from the same plate. Dr. Pbipson reis tes that a friend of bis received at Brussels a box of glass platee, quite new and highlynolished, each wrapped io apiece of tbe Indépendance Bilge newspaper; a lady sat for ber photograph, taken ot, one of these plates, tod both thc photographer and the lady were astonishid to eeo that her lisenesa was oov.red with printed oba'aoters, easily to bs read-the ghost of a political Bribie, in fact.' In this OBBB sotinio roya, BB they are now oalled, had done theil work before the glass was erpoBed to the camera. By another mode of manipulation, a photographer may prodnoB a ghost, like effeot st plessore; s silt r is allowed ta remain in the feen* of the camera obsoura only balf tbe time neoessary to pradaee a complets pbotogrsph ; he slips quiokly aBide, sod tho furniture immediately behind him is then exposed to the eoîlon of the light; BB a con eequenoe, a (aiot or imperfectly developed photograph of the man appears, transpsrent or translucent, fer the furniture is visible apparently through hla body or bead. With s little tsot a really tor prising effect may be pro duoediu this wsy. Aa a third variety, ene negative may bs plaoed io oontaot witta another, and a particular kind of light allowed to pass through it for a time; there retails a double piolare oo the lower negative, one fainter than the other. It is known, moreover; to the more soientifio class of photographers that, if tho IGOB in the esmera is im- erfectly carved at tbe surfaces, spots of olondy light may appear in tbs photograph, having a semi-ghostly sort of effect,- Chambers' Journal. NAPOLEON'S ATTINTIOH TO SMAIX MATXEBS. Among tbe letters reoently published of Napoleon the Pint, tbere ls one dated May 81st, 1807, in wbioh tbe Emperor saya:-"Af. Foooh",-The bad lighting of Tails is a disgra:e. Pot an end to an abuse about whioh the pabilo begin to cry oat." The day before Napoleon hat! oaptared the Sans Pear, having, besides 130 English; 60 Russians on board. Taree dors before he bsd fons ht and conquered at Welohselmande ; five days before at Pultuak ; and then be writes home about the dusky light of the "lanterns" of Paris:-"The oon* tractors for lighting Paris are sosmpB, who think they bare lighted the oity when tbey bave btibed the police. I beg yon tc see that thia important servios be properly eieouted." Then Ue Chaton calls for bia C.tbolio attentif n Fiokenstein, May Sith, 1807. II. PortallB,-I bave your letter. Is the eare of Saint Sulplioe a distinguished oharaoter t I am mach embiiraaaed aa to my choice cf a Bishop of Vannes?" Madame de Stael oontinaed to trouble the ' Emperor. " M. Foaobe," wrlteB Napoleon on 30tb May, 1807, " be quite sore that the lady who dined with Mdme. de Stael at the hnnse of a literary man did really dine with ber. I only tell yon thia to enlighten your ignorance on the point " AH these patty details were transaotod during tba crisis of the taking cf Daatzio, which the Emperor thought of BUoh' great oonBequenoe that be wrote to Talleyrand ts send the news to Constantinople and Vienns ; to General Clarke to pufaliBb lt in the Berlin papers, to fire guns, sing Te Dtum, and give a great eelai to tbe success;" and flntlly to tbs King of. Holland, to make him ? participator in the weloome nteltigeooe. THE Tsj-KoitAFii ROUND TBE GLOBE.-The proposed inter.ecDtiueotal telegraph, wbioh, via Behring's Straits, j will oompleta, tbs eirooii ot the world, was reoently tba aubj »ot of discussion In the New York Chamber of Com me-oe. It appeara that finaaia has nndertaken a line of 6000 miles, from Moscow ts the Pacido Ojean, at the mouth of the Amoor, of which ¿OOO miles from Moeoow to Irkutsk are in operatloo. and that she bas granted to Mr. P. M. Collins, of New York, a concession for thirty« three years to extend ibis line np to and across B bring'a Strai's, and then through her American terri- tories to the frontier ot the British possessions, a distance in alt 4S00 . miles ;. that tb» British Government have granted a similar privilege down tbe northern frontier of the United Stiteo, and that an application ia now pending in the Washington Congress for like permission through that country, tbua connec- ting the whole télégraphia syBtem of Europe and Asia with the télégraphia System of America. The Chamber unanimously resolved to m;moriellae the president of both Houses ot Congress io favour of the undertaking. The foll completion cf tbe project may, it is alleged, be exceled within three years. The total distança over- land by way of Behring's Straits, wbioh are only 39 miles wide sod 100 feet in depth, will be about 10,000 miles, r nd it is (inserted that m eas ige« have been repeatedly Bent during the present year from Boston to San Francisco, a dlaien;e of 8000 Biller, in tiro minutes. 