A LADY COMMITTED FOR TRIAL FOR ST'EALING A WATCH. Abridged from the Empire. AT the Central Police Court, Sydney, on Sa- turday, Augusta Edwards, aged about 28, elegantly dressed, and described as a gover- ness, only four months in the colony, was charged with stealing a gold watch and chain valued at £20, the property of Mrs M. A. Rowland. The prisoner was deeply veiled, and accommodated with a seat during the ex- amination. Police sergeant Sutton deposed to apprehending the prisoner yesterday even- ing, in Parramatta- street. He acted from information received from Mrs Rowland, who handed him the following letter: " Miss Edwards-I have been thinking over what we were talking about last night, and now want to tell you this-don't come to me any more about the watch, unless you are prepared to pay me. I will not take less than £15 sterling; I could sell it for £20; but as you say your sister is in such trouble, I don't mind taking the sum named. Remember to come alone. I will have no witnesses. It does not suit my way of doing business. If you can't pay me don't come, and I defy you to get it; for if you took me to court you might swear till you sweat, I will swear it is a lie, and get over that if you can. If you wish for it, come at half-past 8 o'clock; but if you have any one with you, you'll not see me. I shall send the -- watch far away if you don't. Come down with the rhino, and I will treat you like a gentleman. Remember, there's 14s pawn expenses to pay as well. "Yours (you know who) truly." The address on the envelope was "Miss Edwards, care of Miss Mayne, 3, Devonshire terrace, William-street." By concert he fol- lowed Miss Rowland and the prisoner to Mr Moss's pawn-shop, Parramatta-street, at which they stopped. The prisoner went in- side, and came out immediately afterwards. Mrs Rowland gave the signal, and he went up to them and saw the watch (produced) in the hands of Mrs Rowland, who charged the prisoner with stealing it. He therefore took her into custody. Mary Ann Rowland (wife of Mr Rowland, surveyor) deposed: I know the prisoner, who was a casual visitor. Last saw the watch on Wednesday evening. It was in a drawer, in my bedroom. On that day the prisoner was on a visit, and slept with me that night. Be- fore going to bed, I looked in the drawer to see the time, and found the watch missing. The prisoner was then in bed. I said, Where is my watch? and began to look for it. Pri- soner said, Never mind it tonight, you've mislaid it somewhere, and will find it in the morning. I said, If it has been stolen I must inform the police. She helped me to look for it. We could not find it. During the night she jumped up, and said there was a ghost or a man in the room. The next morning pri- soner accompanied my sister to the police station to give information to the police. Yes- terday (Friday) she called at our house, and said she had been to all the pawnshops in the city; inquiring about the watch and chain, and said they were in a pawnshop in Parra-. matta-street. In consequence of that and receiving a letter, I communicated with the police and arrangements were made. I and the prisoner went last night, followed secretly by the police, to the pawn office. She went inside, and I remained outside. When she came out she handed me the watch; it is my husband's property, and worth £20; the watch shown to me is the same. The letter marked A now shown to me was brought to me yesterday by the prisoner. She said she, had received it from a person not named; that she was to go for the watch; that I was to give her £10, and as she owed me £5, she would put that £5 to it herself and get the watch out. I replied that if she could get the watch I would give her the money. When she gave me the watch, I made a sig- nal to the police and charged her with steal- ing it. By the Bench: Have you any questions to ask this lady ? The prisoner (rising and tossing up her veil): Mrs Rowland, how come you to think that I stole your watch ? Witness: My suspicions were aroused when you said you had been round all the pawn offices. I had a better opinion of you before then. Prisoner: Indeed! Well,if that is your only reason, it is a most foolish one. (Turn- ing to the Bench) I admit having the watch, but deny stealing it, and could easily have explained that in the watch house. The Bench: Then why didn't you? The Prisoner: I was not permitted. I could not consult with a private friend. The police prevented me from communicating with anyone. I have friends - many friends. The Bench: The police would not prevent you from sending for your friends.. Who are your friends ? Prisoner: Mr Evans, of the Customs, has been my guardian since my arrival in Syd- ney, but I could not think of sending to Par- ramatta for him at that late hour. William Moss, pawnbroker, Parramatta street, deposed that be knew the prisoner by seeing her at his office last evening about 8 o'clock. She merely came in, and taking a watch out of her purse or pocket said, Oh, by the bye, have you taken in a watch like this since Wednesday last, as one has been stolen? He looked at it as she held it in her hand, and he replied he had not, but advised her to go to the police office. She said Think you, and went out. He never saw either the watch or the prisoner, nor the letter marked A till then. The prisoner, in reply to the Bench, said she had nothing to say further than that she did not steal the watch. If she could be per- mitted privately to talk to a certain person whom she declined to name, she could ac- count for the possession of it. The Bench (Mr Murphy) told her that she could not be permitted, unless he were of the legal profession. She was committed to take her trial at the next quarter sessions, bail being allowed, herself in £50, and two sure- ties of £25 each. Before leaving the court she asked if she could send for a friend, when Inspector Reid promised that everything should be done at once to send for her friends. She thanked the Bench, and left the court amidst much commiseration, and apparently much agitated. 