I LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF TnE WESLEYAN CHURCH, MORPETH. 1 -" Tuesday last was the day selected for this ceremony Much preparation was made for tho eientby tho com- munity more immediately concerned in it Ino weather, despite its lowering appearance in the early part of the da}, towards noon brightened up, and was as glonons as that of o plensmt summer day. Hilt past one o clock was tho lime appointe I for the ceremony and soon after that hour a large number ot persons (probably five or six hundred) had assembled at tbo silo oí the new building, ?\ery man} of whom ai rived by the mid day tram from West Maitland Proceedings woro commenced by the assemblage at the direction of the Roi G Woolnough, singing the hymn, " Behold the Powers of Jesus' Name " The Rev. Mr Fidler then read a portion ot honptnre tho 72nd Psalm-after which the Rev. Mr. Creed engaged in prayer Iho Rev Mr Woolnough then said he hid great pleasure in stating that I horn is Cowlishaw, I sq , at the request of the trustees, would lay the foundation stonoof this church. It was customary to place a battle contain- ing papers, &o; , in the civil] under the stone-the bottle he then placed in contained a copy of that morning's Maitlind Mercury, ot Saturday's Enixgn, and Satur- day's Morpeth Leader, they were so poor that they could not placo un} money ni it If also contained a dooument ot which the following was a copy - llils stone was laid hy Thomas Cowlishaw 1 aq, of Sydney on tlio twenty fourth day of May ¡n the year of our Lord one thousand cij,ht hundred und sixty four being the twenty seventh year of the reign of lier Majesty Queen s ¡doria Sir lolmlounjr Knight Commander oltht Hath being Governor ni chlel of New faouth Wales ihelvcv George Osborn Doctor of Divinity President of the lîritish Wesleyan Conference JlieKcv James Lullcr, President of tho Australasian Wes lejnn Conference llioHev SainuefH HUnson Chairman of the Tlaitland Dis trict Hie Reva Jabe? Bunting M ntcrliouse Goorco M oolnougli, nnd Vi 1111am 1- idler, ministers ol the Maitland Circuit trustees ol the Church-Messrs David Arnott lliomns Boyd Joseph Caddy CharleB Dudley M illiam t arkin 1 ore mau ldnardfving Henry Lee, James Äathauitl Meiklijohn, nnd lliomnsMoffitt ArehiUct-George Allen Mnnsfleld Tsq , ofSjdney Mr M illiam Cains of 1 ast Maitland builder Godsave Hit Queen The foundation stoue wa3 then raised, and a silver tror c1 bearing an insorip'ion was presented to Mr Cowli- shaw, on behalf of the trustees, and the mortar having been spread with it, the stono was lowered into its place, Mr. Cowusiuw sating, "In the name of the Pather, Son, and Holy Ghost, I lay this merool lal stone, and 1 pray that the Lord will bless the efforts thus put forth in His honor " Tho actual ceremony being thus accomplished, the Rev. Mr. Wilkinson addressed the audience He ex- pressed tho pleasure it gave lum to bo present, and he only regretted that their worthy president could not be with them, indisposition was the caiuo of his absonce, but his heart was with them. It was several years since he (Mr. \\\ ilkmson) had tho happiness to become con- nected with the blesssd cause, and of witnessing its rise in Morpeth Impoitant chances had taken place in the town since then. They had roared an excellent behool of Art», and other institutions, and ho rejoiced in their progress, but none of their works excelled in impórtanos the one which was that day commenced He rejoiced to see temples oreoted to the living God, and for his worship and Borneo, and be was sure it was the sentiment of all who were lhere Ho hoped thoy would all Bjrapathiio with the proceedings, and by their sympathy, spiritually and financially, indicate that they love the house of tho Lord The wisest and best men loved the Lord's bouso, the s\mr athies ol tho great and good were ahruys with it He invited the smiles of the Lord of Heaven on the object whioh had bronght them together that day. Ho prayed to Him to put it into the hearts of those present to give some gilt towards the good work-to contribulo lo it, and share m its benefit» Ho rejoiecd to say that the building is to bo a kesley an Church, and thoy had good causo for re joicwg in the erection of it-in it thoy would worship under thoso forms thoy had found so conducive lo the progress of pura and undolilad religion It had been thirty 3ears his lupjiness and honor to labor m the Wesleyan Church, and twenty-six of those uara nore passod in the colony, and ho could not but contemplate the hand of God in the success which had attended the efforts ot Hu ministers in furtbeung this institution. It was not established by wealth nor power, nor prevail- ing learning, hut the} could not look about and see the hundiods and thousands brought to a knowledge of tlio baviour without acknowledging the hand of God in the work He piayed Ila Lord still to continue to bless tbeir efforts, by the Wesleyan Chnrch tho p iro doctrines of the Gospel had been maintained uitaot to the present day Hie} were not antagonistic to any ¡ their great motto was "Hie friend ot all-the onemy of none." He nrged the con- gregation to diligence and p rse>erince iu their endea- vour«, and pr»}ed that the blessing cf the Lord would attend them to the completion ol the monument they wco raisu g to his glory. Ile wished them suoeess, and that the building may groatly conduce to the glor} of God in the beatons, and to the salvation ot immortal souls. The Rev. W. WooLvooon then read a statement whioh had been gnon to lum by n modest old resident,showing the career of Wesleyan Motbodism in Morpeth Previons to 1843 the local preaohers prcrched under a treo m the neighbourhood of the site ot the new building In 1643 the Rev Jonathan Innes, then in the Maitland circuit, preached a few times in the old house then and now used as a post-office, afterwards service was hold in the house (psrt of which is still standing) opposite the old Chapel, tlieninthohousooccupiedby Mr Cadd}, and next in un old house adjoining Mr. Chapman's publio house, then in a back room of one of tho low brick cottages opposite the site ot the new chapel, and last of all in the Btone house opposite the Queen's Wharf, thon used as the fresh} te- rian school Jn 1841 tho Rev F. Lowis bogan to collect tor a obapel. Tbe foundation stone of the old chapel was laid on the 17th of February, and opened on the 23rd of August 1846, and tbo Roi. Mr. Ltghtbody preached moi nmg and afternoon, and Mr I owls in tho evening. The chapel was enlarged about 1855 A collection was then made amongst tho assemblage, and the aotual business of the da} was completed i rom an inspeolion ot the plans wesee that the build- ing is lobe in the Gothio st}le of architecture Ils length will be sixti feet, and width 36 feet The root is to have a very h);,h pitch, and tbo height of the build- ing to tbo eaves will be 22i foot. It will be entered throigh a bandeóme open porch, facing Iligh.street, and nt the opposite end thieo lancet h unions of stained glass, and large dimeuslons, are to bo sot in Btone lambs. Light and ventilation will bo given by tour lincot windon» on eaoh side, between the gothio buttresses Tho toot is to bo slated. The interior of thoohuroh will be laid out with throo rows of seats, oipabio of accommodating 311 persona, and there will be room to inorease the number ol sittings by tho oreotion of »gallery, which is not at present contemplated. All tho intornal fittings a:o to he in concord with tho hand- some and pleasing appoaranco thooxtorior »ill present. The site of tbo building is an allotment about seventy leet wldo and one lui n ti red foot deop, with n irontago to High- street, about filly yardi eastward ol' tho School of Arts. The church Is to be built of slono and briok-the stone-work running up six courses. After the conclusion of tho ceremony, tho assemblage adjourned to the hall of tho Sohool ot Arts, whioh was set out with tables, tea, coko, and the other necesarios and oomfoits of »good te» meeting The lull was not largo onongh to accommodate the numbers who pressed into it, anil therefore they lind to go in by batohos, the residents of Morpeth gruoaftilly giving precedence to the visitois from a distance Fully «oven hundred mid fifty parsons partook of tlio good things provided, and to sene them »bout two hours « oro occupied. Tho tea being dis- posed of to the evident satisfaction of the visitors, tho tables woro removed, and » publie- meeting was thoti held, »bout tbree hundred persons being prônent. Mr. T. Cowlishaw presided, and the oongregalion having sang a hymn, the Rev, Mr. Wilkinson ongagod in prayer. The Oiiaium.VN expicssod himself glad to meet so many friends on this very auspicious oooision-it was doing »n honour lo Ihe Qaeen to oolebrate her birthday as they had done, and it was doing a great honour to God to lay tho foundation of another ohurch to his glory. Ho hoped thoy would all be spared to oelobrato its open* lug, »nd to receive lu it tho instructions that would lend lo their eternal happiness. Thoy had just oauso tor con- gratulation on »hat thoy had done; he urged them, not only lo give of their substanoo for its completion, but to bellovoin tho ellioaoy of prayer, and to pray earnestly forn divine blessing on their labours. The Rov. O. Woou'ouan thou read a statement of the financial position and prospects ot the new building. Ho said the site of it was very generous!) given to them b} K, 0. Close, Esq. The oontraot tor the building nus £2070, but thoy calculated that £2fiO would be required tor incidental expoliaos-the cost would thereioro bo »bout £2300; tollards this amount lhere was piomised £120, and the iCBult of the collodions that day, and the soiree, would be about £70 more ; thoy oaloulated that the sale of the old property may briog £100 more, and fiom the Stistontation Society £300 waa oxnooted. Thoro was some talk of n bazaar, willoh would probably yield £200 ; thoy would oanva«" the distriol pretty noll, and tho result ot that, ^''.'""m opening services, may bring £100 moro.. «V°J ;'",,. tuen mortage the building tor £0fjf. «".d ll'yv?T m»ko up ti» £2300. JIo h»d iw» »>>P» o' p»P«f-pre missory notes-which they could sign for any sum varying from £1 to £50, which would require payment say at nine months, the probable time that Mr. Cains would take on the contract, and of course whon his work was done he would want his money. The Rev. Mr. Fidler then addressed the meeting. He thought a stranger ooming into this district, and not knowing the habits of the people, would say it wsb in- habited by very religious people. On this little knoll there were no less than five churches, end about two miles further down, on another little knoll, there were five more, and otberB were scattered over the district ¡ he thought it contained more churches than nny other dis- trict in tho colony. It was very interesting to be present at the commencement of this enterprise, and he had no doubt it hen it was completed the congregation, and indeed the whole community, would derfvo groat advantage from it. He heartily sympathised with the congregation in the work they had undertaken ; he congratulated them on it, and pra)ed that God would speed their work. Mr. J?. B. Gunn? was then called on to address the mooting. Ho expressed himself unprepared to do so, not having expected such a duty to fall to him. He looked upon what they had that day commenced as a matter of great importance lo the congregation and the commu- nity in which they dwelt. The chapel would be a benefit to the town of Morpeth in a spiritual sense ; in it num- bers would bo trained up to worship tho only true and living God. They should each resolve to have some share in the building, and they might each pay for a stone in it. Thoy could not have too maay churches, and he hoped it would be said they had a groat many Christian people desiiom of filling them. He hoped the sanctuary about to be reared may be the birth-place of many a sonl. He trusted the good work would be oarried on by the people of Morpeth with that spirit and liberality for which they were known, and ho hoped he would be spared to worship in it. The Rev. Mr. Crekd expressed his happiness at meet- ing sa many Christian friends, engaging in an enterprise so great and so dorirablo as that commenced. Ho could not but congrotulnto the Morpeth people on what they had began, and they had not dono it before it was wanted. Ho trusted Heaven's richest blessings would desrend abundantly on them in it. Ho urged them to pray earnestly that it may descend on tho new chapel that it may not only be completed, but filled with pions and attentive hearers. Many of those present owed m noll to Wesleyan Methodism ¡ somo of their earliest recollections were of it and its influence; through ita instrumentality they had been taught the truth in Jesus ; it had his deepest sympathies. Ho hoped Sab- bath breaking would beoome less prevalent, and that the d ¡hu id would become pre-eminent for piety and love of God. Mr. Bowden (one of tho trustees) expressed himself happy at seeing Mr. Cowlishaw in tho chair, and paid a tribute to that gentleman's liberality in all matters ap- pertaining to their church. He (Mr. B ) was nn old re- sident of this district, and he was glad to see the rapid strides they were making in the right direotion-in the cause of God. He felt delighted on the present occa- sion ; the object before them deserved Iheir best sympa- thies. They were not only henefitting themselves and their families, bnt also the whole town of Morpeth. The gospel in all its truth and simplicity would be preaohed in the new building, and listened to for the benefit of many souls. Tho Rev. Mr. James then briefly addressed tho meet- ing, and a collection having been made, the meeting shortly afterwards was dissolved-the doxology having previously boen sung, and the benediction pronounced. 