MR. DISRAELI AMONG THE FARMERS. The leader of ' Her Majesty's Opposition' having thrown off the labours of the parlia mentary session has been enjoying himself and amusing the farmers in Buckingham at ana of their agricultural meetings. Mr. Disraeli has all the versatility of a true man of genius ; and it may safely be asserted that he can speak effectively on almost any question which calls for his eloquence. He is as much at home in discussing the growth of grain, the breeds of cattle, or the production of 'wool, as he is in talking politics in St. Stephens. He can touch lightly and airily those subjects about which farmers are most conversant, as he can speak gravelj and thoughtfully on questions of Euro pean interest. It has always been a source of amusement to his enemies and of curious speculation to hiB friend* how he of all men living should stand forth in England as par excellence the representative ot the farming interest. However, it may hive been in early times, when the patriarchs had flocks and herds and led a nomadic life ; certainly in modern times neither pastoral nor agricultural pursuits have presented much attraction to persons of Mr. Disraeji's race. The Jewish people now, as a rule, devote themselves to commerce and trade, in which it must be confessed thsy gem rally show rare ability. And yet to hear the late Chancellor of the Exchequer talking Georgics at an agricultural gathering, one might think that this interest was his favourite pursuit and his all-absorbing study. That bw annual addresses at the Bucks Agricultural Association meeting are calculated to hare a good effect 00 his audience no one acquainted with them will deny. He may occasionally, in his allusions and his reasonings, be a little above the capacity of his hearer?, but he always manages to say a great deal of good practical sense on questions which are especially interest ing to farmers, The recent address at Aylesbury was an exceedingly clever and interesting one. He onrefully eschewed politics, and yet he could not help referring en passant to the American war, which he reminded his audience he had predicted at the beginning would be a long one. The subject came up naturally. He was advising the Bucks farmers to aim at producing the finest qualities of long wool, which he averred would always bring good prices. The prtseut prices were not entirely the result of the war and the scarcity of cott n. He saw that mixed fabrics, which make the industry of Yorkshire, were becoming more popular in the market, so that the demand for the raw materials would in his opinion con tinue to increase, lie was surprised, therefore, that the flockmasters in Bucks continued ta breed only those flocks which produced short wooL He saw no prospect of the war ending soon. The recent peace demonstrations of which the papers had been full he regarded as mere electioneering devices ; 'and, therefore, to bring the point to a practical issue, the result of my speculation is that I shall crotB my Downs with Cotswolds.' This, at any rate, is a practical agricultural or pastoral conclusion from his speculations about the causes and duration of the war. It is a curious blending of world-wide politics with local ehcep-brceding which amuses by his novelty, and comes home to the ' business and bosoms' of the Buckingham agriculturists. Such an eminently practical and pertinent conclusion from such extensive premises could only have occurred to a man of genius, and a man of genius of Mr. Disraeli's order. I-: the course of his address he referred to the present harvest. He believed from what he hud heard and fcom what he had himself seen that they would have not only a good harvest, but a very good harvest. He thought the general result of the harvest had never been done justice to by the Press. From some reason or other there was an apparent attempt to persuade the people that Nature and Providence had not been so bountiful to them as they ought to have been. The root crops might not be so good as was desirable, but ' you cannot expect that everything should be so successful,' Some of the causes which made the cereals good and exuberant operated against the root crops. ' It is possible you may not be able to produce those colossal globes that sometimes obtain prizes at Agricultural Shows, but you have a very juicy root, very succulent, and 1 believe you will find it a very great favourite with the stock.' l'hra sentence is redolent of tho farm, and suggests prospective visions of fat stock, which will make many a table groan at Christmas. Passing away from grain, roots, and fat stock, the accomplished orator came to tne important question of agricultural profits, which he con trasted with those arising from trade and commerce. Twenty per cent, could not be obtained by farming, and yet he held that farmers .had compensating advantages. Their business was unaffected by fashion. 'The farmer follows a calling which never becomes obsolete. He may cultivate the soil which his father cultivated before him, and if he likes he knows his son may follow him in the same calling.' This was a great contrast to the ufl.oahy businesses' which returned such large profit;. They were wanting in the element of stability. Twelve or thirteen years was the duration of these businesses. Fortunes were rapidly made and then the thing collapsed. Other trades and professions may die, but the farmer's will exist as long as the world. Whether these compensating advantages were gratefully accepted by the farmers as a set-off against small profits we cannot say ; but we rather think Mr. Disraeli's agricultural friends would be ready to forego some of their advantages, respectable as they appear, in order to enjoy a nearer approximation to 30 per cent, profit on their capital. It is all very well to say to these gentlemen, you belong to an order which can never become obsolete, you are engaged in a business which can never go out of fashion, it is your proud boast that you occupy the farm which has been in the pos session of your family for generations ; there fore be satisfied with 7 or 8 per cent., and feel that even then you occupy a proud preemi nence over the mushroom tradesman who grows rich in 13 years and then abandons his shop and turns gentleman. We don't think the farmer yrfil see it in that light He would be willing to part with a little of his unprofitable respec tability for larger profits and quicker returns. The hut point on which the right hon. gentleman touched in his able address is an important one— the 'necessity of providing better houses /or farm labourers. This is a ?ore subject with some landlords, bat Mr. Disraeli has consistently advocated it for many years putr And eren thisqnaition, bwkneyed ?ad/ 'well worn sj it bu Pteo, bo wmpA to present in anew and striking light- 'I consider it of the utmost importance that agricultural labourers should be well housed. In my opinion it is more impor tant than a question of food or raiment. I believe we all cat quite enough, and many of us drink a great deel too much ; but this I will venture to say, that no man can be too well housed.' Both the physical and moral health of the labourer and his family will be promoted by an improved class of dwellings. But in the majority of cases anything like a general Improvement will have to take place gradually. There are few men like the Duke of Northum land, whose ample moans will allow them to spend half a million sterling in buildirg labourers' cottage?, but every landlord can do something to better the condition of h's servants. The old saying of Solomon. ' Vanitas, vanitatum, omnia vanitat,' Mr, Disraeli believes to have been a misprint, and h3 would be inclined to read it 'Sanitas, sanitatum, omnia tanitas' as containing a better doctrine, and one more worthy of the wise King of Israel. Many of the methods of farming in opera tion in England are inapplicable to the altered conditions of this colony, but an address on agricultural subjects specialty adapted to English farmers cannot bB without interest or use to us here. And when an accomplished orator like Mr. Disraeli condescends to talk pleasantly oa farming matters, the ablest man amongst us may listen with attention and profit. -__^_-___ The WEATHER.-The unusual heat which com menced in the middle of last week reached its maximum on Friday. The thermometer on Saturday at 1 o'clock, stood at 128* in the sun, but prior to that hour the heat was greater. Vitai Statistics.— We have to acknowledge the receipt of the Victorian Registrar- General's report of the vital statistics of Melbourne and suburbs for the quarter ending September 30. We observe that a lower mortality prevailed in the month of September than that which obtained in any one of the previous four Septembers, which is a healthy sign. The Christy's Minstrels.— This popular com pany have been playing with success in the prin cipal towns of Victoria. A gentleman, returned to Adelaide by the Coorong, saw them at Echuca, and was informed that they intend to revisit our city during the Christmas holidays. Victoria THKATRt-This establishment wi', be reopened on the evenings of Thursday. Friday1 and Saturday with a novel and most attractive entertainment Mr. Harry Leslie, who was such a favourite when a member of the Christy Miustrels, has associated with him, Mr. Steele, an eminent violoncello player, and Mr. Taylor, a vocalist, possessing, it is said, an exceedingly tine tenor voice. The entertainment is to consist of a panorama of American subjects, painted by Henninjj, whose fame as a scenic artist stands unrivalled in these colonies: the Northern scenes will be accompanied by traits and sketches, deli vered with all Mr. Leslie's unique and inimitable ' Yankee humour.' The Southern scenes will be accompanied by music aud mirth provoking sallies peculiar to ' Dixie's Land.' To crown all, we are to have SProfessor Pepper's ghost, 'an honest ghost,' with all the celebrated polytechnic effects, which has created a scientific sensation all the world over. As Mr. Leslie and party have arranged to proceed by the Rangatira to King George's Sound en route to India, China, and Japan, their stay iu Adelaide cannot be pro tracted. Requisition Week.— We scarcely know in wl at sense this term is applied to the series of enter tainments to be given in White's Assembly Kooinsj during the present week. It will be seen howevi r ' on reference to our advertising columns, that the promoters have literally engaged 'all the avail able talent,' histrionic as well as musical in the colony. The programme for this evening includes not only a considerable number of vocal and in strumental compositions, in the performance of which Messrs. Linly Norman, R. B. White, Hey. decke, aud Schroder, and several lady vocalists take prominent parts; but the charms of music will he diversified, ami thus heightened by con trast, with the racy and comical impersonations cf Mr. aud Sirs. Ray, and of the versatile 'Hairy Hall,' the polyphouist. The eutertainment as such will surely be successful, and we should imagine that it will also be so financially. By the published programme for this evening, it will be seen that it includes a first-class vocal and instru mental concert of two parts, the first commencing with Flotow's overture to 'Martha,' songs by Mesdames Wallace and Wishart, and instru mental gems by Messrs. Linly Norman and R. B. White. The second part to include tlicUoiilla Quadrilles, songs by Miss Bastard and Mis. Wallace, a duet on the claribnette and cornet by Messrs. Heydecko and Schroder, and a comic negro lecture on 'The History of Eugland,' by Air. H. J. Hall. This apparently ample bill of fare will be supplemented by a dramatic sketch, 'Box and Cox,' in which Mr. Hall will appear as the printer and hatter, and Mrs. Ray as the landlady, Mrs. Bouncer. Civil Sittings.— The Civil Sittings closed on Saturday, November 19, when the last case on the list— Stephens v. Veraer, action for defamation of character -resulted in a nonsuit. The Full Court will not sit on Tuesday, as had previously been arranged, but on Thursday, when motions for new trials will be heard. Insolvency Court.— In our copy of the accountant's report in the matter of Andrew Bruce, of Kapunda, builder, two misprints occur in the figures, which are corrected as follows :— Paid the trustees in liquidation of his debts, £71 1s. 6d., instead of £71 16s.; and total, £282 12s. 5d., in place of £828 12s. 5d. Adelaide Police Court.— The only case of interest on Saturday was that of a victim of intemperance, whose wife had found it necessaiy to seek the protection of the law. Two sureties in £50 each being required from the husband, he was removed in custody. PHOTOCBATHIC Views.— We have to acknow ledge the receipt of two pictures from the Adelaide Photographic Company-the first, a view of Adelaide from Montefiore Hill, gives a better idea of our South Australian capital than most of the pictures we have seen— the Club- House, Chahner's Church, the National Bank, the Imperial Fire Office, the Institute, and several other prominent buildings are particularly clear, and though of course very minute, are beautifully exact The outline of the hills is both delicate and distinct. The second picture represents the tomb of the late Rev. Maurice Lencioni, and is also a very fine specimen of the photographic art. Northern Territory Expedition.— A large plate, containing the photographs of 37 members of the second Northern Territory Expedition, was exhibited at Messrs. Ward, Ballantyne, & Co.'s, on Saturday, November 19. The centre figure is that of Mr. R. H. Edmunds, the officer in command. The likenesses, which have been taken by a Mel bourne photographer, arc in most instances exr ceedingly correct, and the general execution is very good. Representation op Gawlkb Ward.— Imme- diately after the meeting at the West- terrace Hotel, on Saturday evening, .of Mr.W. Townsend's friends, another meeting was held at the same place to take into consideration who was the most fit and proper person to represent Gawler Ward as Councillor. Mr. O. Rankin occupied the chair, and having explained the object of the meeting, Mr. Hall proposed Mr. L. Murphy as a fit and proper person to represent Gawler Ward as Coun cillor, and in support ef the preposition referred to Mr. Murphy's thorough knowledge of the Ward, and the requirements of the citizens who lived in it. Mr. Vincent seconded the proposition. There was no amendment, and the Chairman, on putting the resolution to the meeting, declared it to be carried unanimously. The Kueilla Mine. — Our Kadina corre spondent, in his letter of November 14, referred to a reported discovery of good ore in one of the eastern levels of the Kurillamine; but we thought it better to keep back the paragraph till we could have authoritative confirmation of the fact. We therefore communicated with the Directors, and on Saturday morning received through them the gratifying intelligence that a solid lode of ore, 20 inches wide, had been cut in driving the 25-fathom level east of Hall's Shaft. A specimen of the ore was sent to us at the same time. It appears to be * mixture qf bbwk or grey ore, yellow ore, and native copper, DBsTRUPTjoir of Fis,H.-It is stated that the Chinese fishermen on Lefevre's Peninsula use nets with such small meshes that the fry of snapper and other large fish are caught by them in great quantities. As the Celestials pickle and export everything they can catch, this indiscriminate de struction may, it is feared, affect, the future supply of full-grown fish. There is a measure now before the Legislature on a kindred subject, into which a clause might with advantage be introduced to pro tect the fish during the spawning season, or at least prohibiting the use of nets with meshes so fine as to catch the small fry of the comparatively few sorts of fish that are supplied to our market. Cbicket Match.— A match was played on Saturday afternoon between the Beaumont an t* Parkside Clubs. The former, having won the toss, sent the latter to the wickets, where they stayed until ttiey maile 114 runs. Of this number Bosian contributed 58 toot 'out), arid' White 18 runs.1 - ?The Beaumont players then defended the wicteta, but were all disposed of for 45 him. They again went to the wickets, and succeeded in making 77, ort in advance of their opponents. Davis and Bonnet scored 14 each, and Ferguson IL The Parkside [Sub then went in, and made 14 runs, with' ewl i rickets to fall. Bosnian and Vlckery for the Parkiidp, and Ferguson for the Beaumont, Je«rre mcntioR fortewlflg, - Civic Election.-A meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. W. Townsend was held at the West-terrace Hotel, Waymouthstreet, on Satur day evening, November 19. There were upwards of 100 persons present. Mr. E. Solomon, M.P , was voted to the chair, and having read the adver tisement convening the meeting, and offered a few remarks, Mr. Townsend said his attention had been called to a singular advertisement which ap peared in that evening's Expreu, and which was signed by the Mayor, in which he called upon him (Mr. TownBend) to convene a public meeting to substantiate certain statements made by Mr. Towmend's supporters; and if he (Mr. Townsend) would not, then he should do so. He (Mr. Town send) thought it was usual in such cases to send a letter, and afterwards advertise it; but the first intimation which he (Mr. Townsend) had of it was seeing the advertisement. He referred to the meeting held at the Assembly Rooms on Thursday last, when, he said, both the Mayor and Mr. Buik were pnaent, and had an opportunity of re butting any charges laid against the Council. He (Mr. Townsend) should hold himself respon sible for his own words, but not for any statements made by his supporters. It was absurd to suppose that he should call a meeting to support statements made by other persons, but if a meeting was con vened he should attend. (Applause) Mr. Forster proposed, 'That Mr. W. Townsend was a fit and proper person to represent them as Mayor.' He should support Mr. Townsend because, although he had been in the colony 10 years, yet he did not remember ever having seen Mr. Thomas; there fore he was quite unknown to him. He considered that the duties of the Corporation were not carried on satisfactorily -there was a large number of petty charges laid against persons which were a great trouble, and no benefit to the citizens, and there were several grievances which the Corpora tion had declined to look into; but if they elected Mr. Townsend then their grievances would be redressed. (Applause.) Mr. Dennis O'Leary seconded the proposition, speaking in high terms of Mr. Townsend, who was, he said, well known to all of them. Mr. Skethewoy spoke in support of the resolution in reference to the leading of die Park Lands. He pointed out to them that Mr. Townseud was opposed to that measure, and his views coincided with theirs on the subject Mr. Vincent said his remarks at the meeting held at the Assembly Rooms had been misrepresented by the Press. What he said was that he never applied to Mr. Thomas or Mr. Buik to vote for him. Mr Thomas, in his letter published in that day's Itejtsier. said he (Mr. Vincent) never spoke to him but once ; that was incorrect. If Mr. Thomas had voted for him in reference to that situation, he should still have supported Mr. Townsend. Ho questioned whether Mr. Thomas had done bis duty as Councillor; but if he had, that was no reason why they should elect him as Mayor Mr. Townsend was the most lit man to represent them, and he urged on them all to vote for him. Mr. Pearson next spoke iu support of the proposition. During his remarks he deprecated the course taken by the Corporation in leasing the Park Lands, which was, he con siderated, an infringement of the rights of the citizens. Mr. G. Wildy said he did not know why his name had been brought forward in the public press. He referred to Mr. Thomas's letter. He had spoken to Mr. Thomas, whoBaid he should support him if there was no other candidate better qualified for the situation, but he never asked him about his religion. He theu spoke at some length, advocating the interests of Mr. Townsend who was. he said, the person who was best qualified for the office of Mayor There being no amendment to the proposition, the Chairman put the motion to ihe meeting, and declared it carried unanimously. Mr Toivnsend then, amidst prolonged applause, addressed the meeting. He said there wm a rumour that he had hinted at a religious diqubm His opinion on that subject was that a man should have his own reliuious opinions, and that 110 man should bo debarred from any office on account of his religious views. With regard to the leasing of the Park Lands, he said the Imperial Act Baid that the Park Lands should not be taken for anything except for military purposes, and he considered that the Corporation had by leasing them in fringed the rights of the citizens. With regard to the crushing-machine, ho considered that stone cracked by manual labour was bettor than that broken by the machine, and his present opinion was that the old blue metal cracked by hand which they formerly Uad was far preferable, but he would nut pledge himself to always hold that opinion, as he might hear arguments which would cause him to alter his views. With regard to the salaries of the Corporation officers, he considered that every man should have fair wages for a fair amount of work. In reply to a question as to whether he would be in lavour of giving im portant works to public or private teuder, he said that he was of opinion that the interests of the community would be better served by letting such works by public tender. A vote of tlianks to the Chairman concluded the proceedings. Wksleyan Mkthodist Missions.— The anni versary services of the Wesleyan Missions were held at Pirie-street Wesleyan Chapel on Bunday November 20. The Rev. 8. Ironside preached in the morning from Luke xxiv., 4(5-7; and the Rev J. Waufoid in the evening from Luke xv., 17. In the afternoon the usual address was given to the Sabbath-schools by the Rev. J. Watsford. Tills evening the missionary meeting will be held, under the presidency of His Worship the Mayor of Ade laide; and addresses will be delivered by several ministers and friends. The Melbourne PosT.-The latest number of the Illustrated Melbourne Post ib interesting in more than one particular. The frontispiece is an illustration of the last surviving Tasmanian natives — one man aud three women. They were guests at a ball recently given by His Excellency the Governor of Tasmania. The man is a rather intelligent - looking fellow, and is dressed in a fashion which would do au European credit. Tim tliree females have donned the civilized costume, together with rather fantastic headdresses. Theiie being the last of the race which originally populated Van Diemcn's Land, it is evident that in a few more yearn their existence ' will be as much a matter of tradition as that of the moa or the megatherium.' Pictures cf Mr. IL Fisher's Lantern and Lady Heron, the racers which so highly distinguished themselves at the recent Spring Meeting in Melbourne are given, together with an interesting description of Mr. Fisher's stud and stables at Maribyrnong. We observe,' also, an illustration of our own Parliament Houses, not so boldly engraved, however, as that in the Australian News, and a very spirited repre sentation of an emu hunt in Victoria. The Case op Louis Fibchel.-A Melbourne paper says:— 'The Crown Prosecutor stated that it was not intended to proceed with the charge against Louis Fischel this sittings. Mr. O. A. Smythe, for the prisoner, applied that bail should be taken in a more moderate amount than at present-two sureties in £600 each-as the pri soner had been in gaol for some weeks. Mr. Aspinall, who, with Mr. Dawson, appeared with the Crown Prosecutor for the prosecution, opposed this application, as some of the property had not yet been recovered. Mr. Adamson mentioned that a witness who resided in Adelaide was re quired, and that although there were no means of compelling him, he would come over. His Honor agreed to allow bail in three sureties of £300 each.' Ostriches.— We find the following in tlie Englishman's Overland Mail of October 5:— ' One of the last Cape newspapers mentions that on account of the good demand existing there for ostrich plumes several of the farmers in the interior )iave been keeping these birds tame in flocks on their farms; and a Mr. Van Dyk, who is the possessor of a large troop of ostriches, estimates that each bird contributes yearly a revenue of £20 to its owner.' This will, no doubt, be interesting to our farmers here, the climate of this colony being no doubt favourable to the rear ing of those birds, and their plumes would furnish a new and valuable article of commerce. There are two ostriches at the Botanic Garden, which appear to thrive as well in a South Australian climate as the emu, which so nearly resemble them. Sueep-Sheaeino Fkstival. ? A cor respondent sends the following:— 'An entertain ment, similar to that of last year, was given by Mr. Jamieson, the proprietor of Mlldto «a(ion to the workmen In his employment, on tneStii inst, being the day after the conclusion of the sheepshearing. At an early hour of that morning all the resident* at the head station were astir making preparations for decorating the woolshed. where the festivities were to be held. And these having been duly completed, they Bat down to a very sumptuous dinner— the Rev. Mr. Ross, M.A.. Wentwprth, and Lieut. CoL Russell. Police Magis trate, joining the party. Dinner being ended, Mr. Jamieson in a few appropriate words proposed the health of the workmen. enresBins hi* until. faction with tne manner in which they had con ducted themselves, and the utmost good wishes for their future prosperity. Mr. Ross then ad dressed them, but very briefly, in consequence of having arranged to deliver a lecture In the evening. ? Colonel BusseH; proposed tbehealthdf Mr. Jamieson. which hnviiie' been received wUh the customary honours, the company adjourned to the open air, where, in nfle shooing, tossing the hammer, quoit playing, footraces, ana other sporti, the time was pleasantlv spent till sunset. At 7 o'clock all reassembled in the woolshed, where klr. Ross delivered an address, pointing out the acihties for self-improvement which even men in their situation possessed, and urging them earnestly p avail themselves of them. His remarks were listened to with the greatest attention ; and a vote of thanks was, on the motion of Mr. Jamieson. cordially tendered. The woolshed was then cleared for dancing, which, with songs and recitations by several of the men, agreeably concluded the pro ceedings of a day very pleasantly spent Mr. amieaon, who has been ever actire in his en eavonrs to promote the welfare of the district, deserves the greatest praise for having Initiated a movement for giving these in his employment at least one annual holiday, and furnishing them with the means of innocent enjoyment and recreation.' Vt Goldw 'Grove.— The first anniversary service1 of the tJreenwith Primitive Wethodirt Chapel was held on Sunday, the 13th, and Mondavi the 14th November. A very interesting public meeting was held. The Revs. J. G. Wright, J. S. Wayland, and Messrs. Robinson, Champion, Wai son, and others delivered addretses. ' The report showed that there had been an expenditure of £179 on this very neat building, and receipt* £85 10s.. leaving * debt of £93 10s. Collections were made ameuntto j ty £4/1 for (be pompietlpn of tyf 