KENT TOWN WESLEYAN JUBILEE CHURCH. For a considerable time the want of a place of worship has been felt by the inhabitants of Kent Town, where there is a large population, and the Wesleyans thought it a fitting opportunity now— in me year of their Jubilee— to commence a building to the honour of God. Accordingly, Monday afternoon, October 10, was fixed for the i interesting ceremony of laying the foundation stone. The weather was somewhat threatening I and exceedingly sultry; but notwitstanding this I there was a very large attendance of men, women, and children. The scholars of the Norwood Wesleyan Sunday-School assembled at the chapel on the Parade, whence they inarched in procession to the site of the new chapel. At 3 o clock the proceedings commenced by singing the hymn 'From all that dwell below the skies;' after which the Rev. R. C. Flockart read the 2nd chapter of the 2nd Book of Chronicles, and then engaged in prayer. The Rev. S Ironside read the following, as being a copy of what was contained in the bottle to be deposited in the stone :— 'The Wesleyan Methoditt Magazine for Adelaide, No. 1, with copies of the circuit plans for Adelaide, First, Second, and Third Circuits; minutes of the last Australasian Wesleyan Conference, held in Melbourne January last; the Register and Adver tiser papers of this day's date ; a few coins of the realm of the present reign: a parchment on which is inscribed as follows:— In the name and to the glory of the one God, almighty and everlasting Father, Son. and Holy Ghost, this foundation stone of the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church was laid by the Rev. Samuel Ironside, the Superin tendent of the Adelaide Third Circuit, on the tenth day of October, in the year of our Lord one thou sand eight hundred 'and sixty-four, and in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majestj Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, Sir Dominick Daly, K.C.B., Governor of the colony of South Australia. This building is called the Jubilee Church, as it is being erected in the jubilee year of the Wesleyan Missionary Society and of the Australasian Wesleyan Metho dist Church. The Rev. James Buller, of New Zealand, President of the Conference; the Rev. John Watsford, Chairman of the District of Sou'Ji Australia; the following gentlemen being trustees of the church, viz. :— John Ballantyne, Richard N. Ben nets, James Billing, William Clark, John Colton, M.P., Robert N. Gault, Henry Goss, George P. Harris, Michael Kingsborough, Thomas Padman, Charles Pitt, William Rhodes, W. H. Slrarland, R. E. Tapley. Architects, Messrs. Wright*: Woods. Builders, Messrs. English and Brown. M. Kingsborough, Esq., Treasurer. R. E. Tapley, Esq., Secretary. 'Except the Lord build the house they labour in vain that build it.'— Psalms exxvii., 1.' ' Mr. G. P. Haiuus here advanced, and handed a trowel and polished cedar mallet to the Rev. S. Ironside, who had been appointed to lay the stone. The rev. gentleman expressed his thanks for the gift, and then duly laid the stone, announcing that he did so in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and praying for a blessing on all connected with the undertaking. He then remarked that it was with great pleasure that he had accepted the unanimous wish of the Trustees to lay the foundation-stone of that church. Nothing that he hai done or should do while con nected with the province should he look upon with greater pleasure than the official act he had just performed. They did not build that house in opposition to any other Christian Church. The motto of their Church was— Friends to all, enemies to none. There was no place of worship yet in that township. The inhabitants there had no im mediate means of grace to attend upon, and many of the inhabitants had somedistance to go to chapel. The friends interested had therefore thought it a very necessary work, and believed God would bless them in erecting another building to Hi3 worship. He was glad to see so many present to sanction so important and necessary an under taking. The children of the -Sunday-School then sung two verses of the 'Jubilee Hymn,' composed by Thornley Smith. The Rev. J. Watsford, Chairman of the South Australian District, mounted the stone, aud said after the melting he had experienced he should not detain them very long, were he able to do so. They had laid that day the founilation-stone of another Wesleyan chapel, and every Christian, he thought, would rejoice in the erection of a house of prayer. It was pleasing to him and to all of them to see so many places of worship being built in the colony, and especially in Adelaide. He Irejoiced that they had laid the foundation-stone of a Wesleyan chapel, because in it they were sure the gloiious Gospel truths would ever be proclaimed. If asked the nature of the truths to lie there declared he should s-iy in the words of old Methodism, 'A present salvation for all men from all sin.' They preached and taught the glorious truth that for all ou. Lord was crucified— that He was the propitiation fur sin, and that salvation would be secured by faith iii Him alone. In the language of the great Dr. Guthrie — glorious words those— 'It binds the zone of mercy round our earth, and perish the hand that would shorten it a hand's breadth.' They held to the truth that it was their privilege and pleasure not only to l-e forgiven, but tu be cleansed from all unrighteousness, and be preserved hold and spirit to the day of His coming. They would teach also that this was to be obtained in the present life by faith in Jesus Christ. He rejoiced in the erection of that house of prayer, because jf they looked at the plans they would see that it would not only lie a commodious chapel, but also a very elegant building ; aud it would Ix1 i good one, because they knew it was in the right hands. It must not be thought that beautiful buildings or architectural beauty were necessary. Their fathers of old preached the Word of God in barns and kitchens and mud and loir huts, and God hid blessed their labours by the conversion of many souls , but they believed now that as a Church they were in a position to build better houses of prayer than their fathers had. They believed it was the duty of the Church to do this, and he rejoiced to see his brethren perform this important duty of theirs. In that house of prayer they should labour For the conversion of men. The salvation of the soul and nothing else would ever satisfy them. He hoped when that church was erected that on many a day the communion nil would be thronged by broken-hearted penitents seeking the pardon of their sin. lie prayed that God might grant His awn blessings to this undertaking, that all con nected with it would be preserved from accident md evil, and that every blessing would rest upon their labours, for the Redeemer's sake. A collection was then made, and many offerings ivere laid on the stone. This was followed by ringing and prayer, and the ceremony was con cluded by the benediction. Subjoined is an architectural description of the building, which has been supplied by the architects ;Messrs. Wright & Woods) :- 'This new building is to be cruciform in plan ivith a tower and steeple at the north eastern intersection of the nave and aisle walls, and when inLshcd will be capable of accommodating 1.000 tersons. It is proposed at present to build the lave only, which will be 70 feet long, -10 feet wide, ind ft! feet to the ridge, and will hold 440 persons. Che design is transition Gothic, lighted by six -ncet windows on one side and five on the other, ind by two small windows and one large tracery vindow in front. The former are so arranged that inc-half of each window will open, but the latter s to be filled with stained glass. The entrance is hrough a large door in front and another under ,hc tower, both being rich with mouldings, open ng inside into a screen under the choir. The nside of the building will receive its adornment From the roof, which will be open and supported jn moulded principals resting on carved corbels, ind will be stained to represent oak; the ceiling ivill be boarded and painted white, thus giving a jood relief to the principal timbers. The ceiling is not open to the ridge, but is finished at the collar beam, so as to leave a good space for heated nir. Ventilation is continued through air gratings in the walls under the floor and in the aisles, thence it escapes through perforations in the :eiling into the open air through numerous ipertures in the roof. The walls are of Dry Creek rubble masonry neatly pointed with cut stone dressings. The roof is to tie slate. The designs ire by Messrs. Wright & Woods, and the builders Messrs. English & Brown, who have contracted to build the nave for £2,755.' The children were then regaled with tea and the usual concomitants of that beverage, and this was followed by a public tea in a tent which had been erected for the occasion, within which a large number sat down. Tea being concluded and the equipage removed, a public meeting was held under the presidency of Mr. John Colton, M.P. i'he meeting was opened by singing a hymm and 9iicriug of prayer by the Rev. M. Wilson. After which an anthem was sung by the choir— 'The sarth is the Lord's.' Mr. M. Kingsborough then read a general financial statement, which showed that the total subscriptions promised amounted to £1, Kit! 11s. 5s., including a munificent gift of £200 by Mr. J. Colton. He explained that the Rev. 1). J. Draper, tvhen last in Adelaide, promised that when a chapel was commenced in Kent Town he should be happy to give £25. The Chairman, after referring to the peculiar building in which they had met said he thought it was exceedingly comfortable, and had answered their purpose Very well. He hoped that every indi vidual present would assist in conducting the meet ing, and that at the end it would be found to have been profitable both as regarded the subscriptions received and also of the good which had been gained. He said he felt deeply interested in the movement which had been commenced that day. The Wesleyan Church had purposed for many years to erect a place of worship at Kent Town, and he was glad they had been enabled to find such an eligible site -central and elevated, and a site which would be seen from all points of the compass. This was most desirable in the erection of a place of worship, which ought to stand out in a manner which would at once show the character of the building. The exterior of the building about to be erected would be pleasing and somewhat ornamental They believed that a little ornament was right in a house dedicated to God, and from the specifications and drawings it would be beau tiful inside— it would be handsome, commodious, and comfortable. The necessity for this build ing, he thought, must appear to all who were acquainted with the position of the Adelaide cir cuits. In Pine-street they seated L200 persons, and 1,000 sittings were taken.' There were numerous families who could not be accommodated, and he regretted the Stewards were not able to afford the accommodation which was required At Norwood, also, he found that the chapel was filled every Sunday, and that it was impossible to give accom modation to the increasing population. From these statements it would appear:that this building in Kent Town was necessary. Within a very few yards of it a number of persons who attended Adelaide or Norwood would be able to listen to the preaching of the Word. It was not desired to drain Pirie-street and Norwood chapels, but . to give way to persons whom it was difficult now to accommodate there. The Trustees had gone into the subject, and they were hearty, zealous Methodist men, who entered upon it in the confidence that God would be amongst them- He would not boast of Methodism, as it stood out boldly in this and the other colonies ; but a few statistics would be interesting to the friends present. Throughout the colony they had 120 churches, not of wattle and dab, 'but good substantial buildings. He was glad to know that in various parts of the colony the inhabitants were evincing a great in terest in the cause, and were planting places in which God might be worshipped. Foundation stones of other buildings were being laid and other erections were contemplated. The Wesleyans thus gave accommodation for il.OOO of the population of the colony, or one-seventh of the whole. In Victoria the Wesleyan Church accommodated one twelfth of the inhabitants, and a twenty-third in New South Wales. South Australia therefore took a proud position, and he hoped they would pro* gress with the advancing wants of the colony. He thought they ought to feel satisfied that they had not commenced the work before it was wanted; but hitherto the Trustees had not seen their way clear; and if they would only assist them that night-and he wa9 pleased to see so many from all directions- they should see their way much clearer than they dirt even now. They had rapt to«ain their sympathies, their prayers, and their money, and they wanted the young men to connect them selves with the cause. That was plain Saxon, and he was sure they would all understand him. He hoped when the bnildingwas erected it would be crowded with devout worshippers anxious to listen to the preaching of the Word. He left the matter with those present and with the speakers who should follow, and stated that an opportunity would be afforded the meeting of displaying their liberality. „ , . The Rev. W. Brown moved the first resolution as follows :— 'That this meeting being persuaded of the great necessity of providing church accommodation for the rising and important district of Kent Town, which as yet possesses neither church nor chapel, rejoices that at length the foundation-stone of a substantial and commodious place of worship has been this day laid.' . All who had been permitted to take part in the service must, he thought, heartily rejoice. He rejoiced, and would rejoice in it. The resolution was of a jubilant character, and the word rejoice would form his text. The circumstances attending the laying the foundation-stone were matters of rejoicing to all true Christians. He rejoiced that the stone had been laid to the glory- of the Inune God, not for the propagation of any sect or name, but where the Gospel would be preached in all its simplicity, and, God grant, with all its power. 8ouls, he hoped, would be born to God and prepared for immortality, and from that centre should radiate temporal mercies in the neighbourhood. He rejoiced in the work, because it was a discharge in part of their denominational responsibility. He rejoiced in having an elegant building,. and a building to show that they were actively engaged in the work of God. Methodism came to them in its vast responsibilities, as well as with all its successes and glories. Their fathers erected chapels, and sustained in all their power the truths upon which Methodism was founded. Their fathers had built for them, and they must build for their children in circumstances of want. Many places had been erected by their fathers, and they had been blessed in having these responsibili ties left to them to perpetuate on the earth. He rejoiced, also, because it opened a way for the liberality of persons in the Adelaide Third Circuit to flow. He would not say they were not liberal, but it was their duty to see that channels were opened for the exercise of Christian liberality and love. They were told it was more blessed to give than to receive. They, too, had experienced that giving was a means of grace, and why should they deny that means of- grace to any one? He1 rejoiced, because in this church they had the type of the upp^r sanctuary in heaven. It was a happy thought that in the worship of God on the earth they had a type of the service which they should render in heaven. It reminded them of the home of saints, of kindred, and of God. Could he recal the associations of childhood— the fields in which they wandered, and the lanes in which they strolled —they would love the sketch because of the re membrances which it awakened; and in these earthly sanctuaries they were reminded of the home of Jesus— the elder brother of saints who had gone before, and of friends whom he hoped to meet again. He might outnumber himself in the reasons for his rejoicing, but he would conclude by expressing the ht»pe that the work begun would ko oil prosperously, and that they would continue to rejoice. Mr. Thomas Padman seconded. He remarked that he never felt bashful m addressing a Wesleyan congregation ; but as there were many there that night, he should make very few remarks. All he could say was that the movement had his sympathy, and lie had given as much pecuniary assistance as he could. He was glad the Church had been erected, because it was certain that by their Church government nothing but the pure Gospel would be preached. They intended to preach the three 'R\' as Rowland Hill called it— ?' Ruin of men by sin ; redemption of our world by Jesus— (Hear)— and regeneration of our nature by the Holy Ghost.' He concluded by an earnest appeal for their prayers and their pecuniary assistance in aid of the cause. The motion was then put, and carried unani mously. An anthem 'When the Lord shall build up Zion' was then sung by the choir. The Rev. John Cope moved— ' That as the Trustees of the Kent Town Jubilee Church have laid themselves under considerable pecuniary obligations in their endeavour to meet the religious wants of this locality, this meeting pledges itself to assist the Trustees in their under taking to the utmost of their power.' He expressed his great plcasuic at being present; but he could have wished that some one more accustomed to begging than heshould havemoved il. He scarcely knew what to say more than had been said. The Chairman had made the case so plain— the necessity had been made so apparent for a church there— that he saw nothing by which a Methodist congregation could shik its responsi bility. He had also yet to learn that it was necessary to urge such a meeting to give of their substance to such a cause. He did not think the .Methodist public wanted to lie urged upon to do this. There was too much honesty and zeal for the Trustees to fear that their responsibilities would not be relieved. The necessities of a place of worship had been laid before them, and they might look at it with joy, because it was the first in the township, and because also they were specially connected with it. The commercial aspect, 'however, was that if a tiling was worth having it must be paid for. lie should be sorry to live in a township which had not given in its sympathy to the cause of religion by the erection of a house of prayer. A place of worship exerted [i great influence upon the neighbourhood in which it was situated. Apart from the ministrations in it, the very fabric put those who looked upon it in mind of God, and though they might stop their i-ars to the sound of the church going bell, the building would silently address them. The more i place of worship leavened a neighbourhood the inoie desirable was that place as a place of resi lience anil for the bringing up of children. He sliuuld be sorry for his children to be brought up ivithout such buildings around them, and there fore every person entrusted with the bringing up if children would have a great auxiliary in their important work. He was glaJ to hear that the ;hurch was to be of respectabje appearance. He !imi no sympathy with barn-like buildings when .hey had means to make better ones. Better were Jie mud huts than notliing, but when they could jrect something better it was their duty to do so. He did not advocate the useless expenditure of noney in ornament, but let the building testify its :haraeter and the liberality of those who erected t. The more comfortable the church was is well as beautiful the more the children vould he attached to the service, and what :ver had the effect of wedding them to the -crvicc of God should stimulate the parents to iherajity. lie wanted them to see that in con ributing lilierally they were following out their -wn interest. But there was another light in which I should be considered— the light of duty. He eared this was practically ignored by many. He [new it was said that the New Testament did not lirect them as the Old Testament did to set apart i particular portion of their income for the service -f God, and also that the sacrifices anil cere nonies under the old law were not now enjoined, le granted this. But they were not yet released roin the principle which ran through all those old aws; they emerged again from the resurrec ion of Christ with even greater force. Not in the ground of duty, but from other motives vas it presented to them. It was not be :ause they were bound, but because there ras in the Christian religion a class of motives t'hich stimulated them to more extended benefi ence than any appeal to duty could do. Paul, in ileading with the Corinthians, might have ippealed on the ground of duty ; but he presented mother aspect of the case -'For ye know the irace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though he was ich, yet for your sakes he became poor.' What a lepth of affection, what'a profundity of love was n those words, i et that mind l« in them which vas in Christ, and let that spirit come out of them n a practical form. Let them emulate Jesus .'hrist. Be in that instance His disciples, and in heir appeal let it appear that they were acting on uotives which influenced Christ. The Rev. R. C. Flockaut seconded. Mr. Cope lad been coping with a good many dilliculties, nit his advice to him was to take it calmly. In connection with that day's engagements he had -een most happy, and he wusthankful. The pathos -f his heart was as young that day as ever ic vas. When he looked en the meeting he 'elt proud of it. Infidelity did not convene iucIi meetings as that, localise it ignored that Bible which encouraged social gatherings. He vas pleased with the idea to designate the building a Jubilee Church, localise he was lappy at having in that jubilee year so uaiiy jubilee churches anil chapels as' to ;eep in the minds of their children the eventful rear. June 16, 1838, was a red-letter day for South \uatraliii. At that tune on the deep blue sea there ,vas passing a little shin, the Fanny. After en :ountcring many difficulties, blie was dashed as a rack on the Encounter Bay coast. The venerable Mr. Longbottom, his wife, and son were there; md little did they think it was a providence of jfod in casting them upon a land where they should bring so many condemned by the fall to he salvation of Christ Little did the members )f that family think of the results which should' follow the sad circumstances in which they were plunged. They lost all of a worldly character; i)Ut oh, what a gain! Intelligence was brought ;o Adelaide : but for the space of a month they suf fered considerably. They were brought to Adelaide, -eceived from the small Christian Church there a ;rue South Australian welcome, and the influence )f that welcome had continued to exert itself even ;ill now. They found that the Church was expe riencing the want of a head, and in answer to their jrayere this man of God had been evidently sent $ them. The chapel in which they worshipied [-ecame too strait for them, aud twelve months lfter a place of worship was erected in Gawler place to the Triune Deity. As time rolled on Mr. Longbottom laid the foundations of the Wes leyan economy, and he was followed by Mr. Eggleston, Mr. Weatherstone, and Mr. Draper. For several years South Australia was placed iu xmnection with the Sydney District. When Mr. Longbottom came he found six local preachers, who were devoted to the cause of God; seven :lass-leadere, leading several by the green pastures ; 50 church members; and 100 Sunday-scholars. It was gratifying now to think that the little one had become a thousand and the small one a great nation. They now had 196 invaluable and praise worthy local preachers, 241 class ? leaders, 3.4S2 church members, and in 110 Sunday Bchools there were being taught 7,251 children. He thought the chapel they had commenced would be worthy of themselves. He did not wish to boast of the success of their efforts, and he hoped the day would soon come when it would be seen that they were on 'the most friendly terms with their other Christian brethren. In 1840 Mr. Long bottom was obliged to remove to Van Diemen's Land, and Mr. Eggleston and Mr. Waterhouse came to this colony: In 1S43 the colony was accused of being a pauper population, but he re joiced in the fact that it was a libel on their character. But notwithstanding this South Aus tralia suffered considerably ; and in 1844 the name of South Australian Methodism was struck off the roll for a short period through misrepresentations. But the Church wrestled in prayer, and it was strange that Mr. Loncljottom was the man who was again sent in 1844 to be the repairer of the breach. Mr. Longbottom did much good; but there soon came a long-headed, large hearted Dr.iper, who measured out the land. Then came their Butters, and now they had their Watsford at the head of their Circuit. But the best of all was that God was. with them. They rejoiced that ' the year of jubilee had come,' and he would say. ' return, ye ransomed sinners, home?' He appealed to them to spread Bible truth, and thua.my the foundations of a new nation. But coming to the question of money. He did not intend to bjfg, because there was money everywhere, and he did not intend to insult their Jubilee meet ing:. The motion being put to the meeting was earned nem. con. The Chairman remarked that the original contract for the building was £3,000, and they had got about £1,200, so that they required £800 more before they could meet the Conference arrangement. He remarked also that they hoped to open the chapel in May, and when the roof was on toe ladies had decided to hold a bazaar, which would be about January. The Rev. H. T. Burgess expressed pleasure and honour in having to move— That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Chairman of the District for his valuable address that afternoon.' The respected Superintendent of the Circuit, he said, had won his way in the affections of all persons by his bold and manly conduct, and though he was not present that evening, they might rest assured that he was hard at work some where. ?Mr. W. Shabland, ina brief and appropriate speech, seconded the motion, which was put and carried. The Rev. M. Wilson moved a vote of thanks to the Indies, to the stewards, and the choir; also to Mr. Justice Gwynne for a gift of oranges, and to Mr. Cramond for a supply of water. The motion was seconded by Mr. H. Goss, and carried unanimously. The choir having sung ' Thine, O Lord,' Mr. (}. P. Habkis moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman, who, he said, was ever ready to lend his assistance in a good cause. The Rev. S. Ironside seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously, and briefly acknowledged. The doxology and benediction closed the meeting shortly before 10 o'clock. The total amount of funds, promised and in hand, including the day's services, Vas about £1.200. ? _' 