NOTES ON ANIMAL LIFE IN A PRIMEVAL FOREST. Tub little town of Ega, on the Upper Amazons in the heart of South America, originally a mission village of the Jesuits, but now a thriving Brazilian settlement, lies pretty nearly in the centre of the most extensive unbroken forest on the surface of our globe. It requires little effort of imagination, even to those who have not travelled beyond the limits of Europe, to form Borne general idea of what such a realm of arboreal vegeta- tion must be; lying within a few degrees of the equator, bathed all the year through in an atmosphere like that of a forcing house for plants, drenched by tropical rains and heated by a vertical sun. The total length of this vast forest, from west to east, is 1260 miles : its breadth varying from 600 to 800 miles. Towards the east, indeed, it continues 700 miles further, terminating only on the shores of the Atlantic, This easterly portion, however, or that which clothes the valley of the Lower Amazons, I exclude from the present description, since it is, in one part, much broken and contracted in breadth by large tracts of open cressy land. The forest of the great plain of the Upper Amazons has sufficient compactness and peculiarity to be treated of as a separate area. But as there is no complete break of continuity, the statement of Humboldt (who had a glimpse of the immeasurable wilderness only from its western commencement in Peru) still holds good, to the effect that a flock of monkeys might travel amongst the tree tops, were it not for the rivers, for 2000 miles in a straight line without once touching ground; namely, from the slopes of the Andes to the shores of the Atlantic. It is in the region of the Upper Amazons that the most characteristic features in the animal life of this great wilderness are to be seen and no better station for a traveller's head-quarters can be found than our little settlement of Ega. I made it my chief place of residence during four years and a-half, employed in investigating the Natural History of the district. It is built within the mouth of the left, one of the large tributary streams flowing from the south-a river of clear, dark-green water, which, after a course of some two or three hundred miles, on reaching the middle part of the level country, spreads out into a lake-like expanse, five miles broad, and finally creeps into the trunk stream by a narrow channel a couple of hundred yards wide. The population of the town (about 1200 souls) consists chiefly of half- castes and Indians ; many of the former being educated persons, ambitious of being thought civilized and fond of showing hospitality to strangers. Few pure whites reside in the place, but amongst these are four or five stray French- men and Italians who are settled here and married to native women. To complete our brief description of the place, it is necessary to mention that it ranks at a city and is the centre of a comarca or county and that, although the remotest county town in the Brazilian empire (distant 2800 miles from Rio Janeiro), the authority of the central government is as much respected, and the municipal, educational, military, and ecclesiastical details of management as closely observed, as though it lay within a few miles of the capital. I To enable my readers to form some idea of the animal life harboured in the warm and teeming shades of this great wilderness, I will invite them to accompany me, in imagination, on an excursion into the un- trodden solitudes lying beyond the mouth of the Ttffe. Let us accept the invitation kindly offered by an old friend of ours an experienced woodsman, named Lauriane who is about to start on a journey to collect sarsaparilla in the retired channels leading to the river Jurua, some thirty miles to the west of Bega, and says he will be glad of our company. We are but humble naturalists and have no means of supporting an establishment of Indians of our own, even if they were willing to stay with us, which they would not be, as they prefer the service of traders like our friend, who has canoes and merchandise, and offers plenty of excitement of the kind which the redskin loves journeys months long and a crowd of hands to share the labour of paddling. All that Lauriano requires of us is a small contribu- tion towards the expense of provisions. We can return, as we propose, at the end of a week, for he will have occasion to send a canoe to Ega about that time. The opportunity is too good a one to be lost. Lauriano is a half-caste, and his wife, Perpetua, who accompanies us, is a pure blood Indian, but has an oval European face, regular features, and quiet obliging manners on her we may rely for well cooked and regularly ceived meals. They have no children, but take with them two young nephews, whose father, Manoel, also belonging to the expedition, has gone forward some days previously to the place fixed upon, with a view to prepare the first encampment. These, with an ugly, broad-faced, taciturn old Indian woman, and four stout lads, make up the whole of Lauriano's party. We ourselves take with us only our Indian servant, Sebastian, a dark-skinned young savage, recently brought from a remote village of his tribe, who will be a useful companion in the jungle. Two small chests, one containing provisions, such as tea, coffee, sugar, biscuits, and so forth, and the other materials for preserving specimens and store boxes ; a large bundle containing our hammocks and mosquito tents and lastly, a canvas bag with change of clothing, constitute the whole of our baggage. We remain at home during the afternoon of a sultry January day to pack up, having received orders to get ready, so as to embark in the cool of the evening. Just as day is beginning to dawn a rap at the door arouses us, and two strong lads are Been carrying our heavy boxes down to the beach. We sing our gun, nets, and game-sacks over our shoulders, hand the shot belts and a bag full of small boxes and miscellanea to our dusky little follower, and are quickly at the water-side. The canoe, a large and stout-built boat, with mast and two arched awnings of wicker-work thatched with palm leaves, is pushed off, and the Indians, with their bittledore-shapei paddles, begin to propel us quickly along. Lauriano and his wife seem sleepy after their night's revelry, and do not interrupt our quiet enjoyment of the noble river scenery amidst which we are travelling. We glide along close to the banks, and note the infinite diversity of foliage of the lower trees and the variety of creeping plants which drape the water frontage of the forest with a mantle. We hear scarcely any sounds of animals. A loud splash in the water under the shade of overhanging trees occasionally startles us. This is produced either by large fishes of the salmonids family (Tambaki) rising to seize fruits that fall from above, or by heavy lizards or snakes suddenly dropping in a alarm from the boughs as we brush past. A faint chorus of singing birds, at times, reaches the ear from a distance, and aloft is heard frequently the cawing of parrots, but as the morning is fine and calm, the travelling flocks pass at so great an elevation that the sounds are scarcely perceptible. Although animal life does not make itself very obtrusive by its noises, nor disturb the feeling of intense calm and solitude which soothingly creeps over the mind, there is no lack of signs of its presence to the Bight. What are those strange figures, like human head and shoulders, which suddenly pop up here and there above the glassy surface of a quiet bay as we round a wooded point? They stare for a few moments at the approaching canoe, and then quickly disappear again under the water. These are offers, of a peculiar large dark brown species which tenants all the by streams of the Amazonian system. They are so shy that it is almost impossible to get within gunshot of them, and we very rarely see a skin in the possession of the natives, although the animals are extremely common. We pass also, throughout the day, a continual succession of huge alligators, never very closely, however, for they are exceedingly wary. A huge scabby carcase, or rather a double lump-the top of the head and back is seen at a distance, resting like a floating log on the water. You may rely upon it the monster is eyeing us very closely, for, if the prow of the canoe is turned but for a moment in his direction, a little movement is perceived towards the tail part of the animal, and the beast is gone from the surface. The season in which we are making this journey the end of January-is- perhaps the pleasantest time of the year on the Upper Amazons. It is the commencement of the second garotters are as Ymm do TJmori," as it is called by the inhabitants. The scorching dry season, or -the summer proper (June to October), during which the river and its by streams and lakes sink to a level of 10 feet below the high-water mark, is long past, and the heavy rains of November and December have clothed all the banks, left bare by the retiring waters, with a mantle of verdure, besides raising the water-level some 20 or 30 feet, and brought a period of fine weather and cool air and refreshing winds. Mosquitoes and all other insect pests along the banks of the rivers are much less numerous ¡ whilst, on the other hand, animal life in the shades of the forest, or on its borders, is much more active than in other seasons. On entering the main Amazons we notice that the waters have already commenced to sink again ; flocks of white tents are flying over the shallow places, and troops of sandpipers and plovers, some with bright red legs and white and black plumage, are coursing along the edges of the sand- banks. The present is the season of ripening for many kinds of wild fruit, and the hosts of richly plumaged, fruit-eating birds, which in other months are scattered sparingly over the whole region, flock to the places where the fruit trees grow. The sea- son may beckoned to the autumn of temperate zones, but the parallel will scarcely hold good, for in this central zone of the earth, every day in the year is autumn, with regard to the development of vegetable life, in the same way as it is spring and summer; for every day loaf-budding, flowering, fruiting, and leaf shedding are going on in some species or other. On the morning of the second day of our journey, just as we have crawled from our sleeping-place under the palm thatched awning of our canoe, we behold, on the opposite side of the sluggishly rolling, turbid stream of the Amazons, here three miles broad, a wide gap in the low dark line of forest that bounds the view. Within the space stretches a vacant horizon of water and sky, dotted on one side only by a broken line of trees vanishing in the distance. This is the principal mouth of one of the great tributary streams, the Rupara, which, rising 800 miles off, in the Andes of New Granada, here blends its waters with those of the king of rivers. The low wooded land to the west as the abode of the scarlet-faced monkey, one of the most singular of the animal tenants of this region. It is of moderate size, has along coat of glossy white hair, and a face of so vivid a hue that the animal, at a short distance, looks as though some one had laid a thick coat of vermilion paint on his countenance. One of its most remarkable features is its short, stumpy tail ; all the other monkeys of the New World being distinguished by the length and flexibility of this member, which, in most of them, selves as a fifth hand in climbing. It might be thought, on this account, that the species has come near relationship to the short-tailed and tailless apes and baboons of the Old World, which live on the ground ; but it has no further resemblance whatever to those Old World groups, being in all essential points of structure a species of the New World, type of monkeys, and, like all its relatives, an exclusively arboreal animal. The singular creature is much sought after by the people of Ega ; its grotesque appearance and confiding habits, when some, making it an acceptable present to offer to a distinguished personage, such as a judge or president of a province, whom the subordinate authorities of the town wish to propitiate. It is found in no other part of America than the tract of How land we now see before us, and is there limited to an area of a few score miles in circumference. It travels in small bands along the boughs of the lofty trees, generally at a height of eighty feet or more from the ground, and the hunter, stumbling amongst the rotten logs and entangled underwood of the gloomy shades beneath, has great difficulty in getting within shot of the flocks. The weapon used is the blow-gun, a wooden tube eight feet long, through which, when at lost a steady aim can be taken, the Indian propels with his breath a little poisoned arrow ; the poison is previously diluted with water, so that there may be no difficulty in reviving the animal when it falls wounded into the arms of its persecutor. The sight of a house, with its monstrous beak ornamented with bright colours, is alone sufficient to give the scene a strange exotic aspect. We can distinguish easily two kinds on the trees : one of very large size, with white and yellow breast, and crimson and saffron-coloured plumes near its toil and the other not larger than a jackdaw of an olive-green shade, with silky black breast, banded with yellow. Let us watch closely the movements of that grotesque stealthily moving fellow with the beak half a foot, at least, in length. He hopE from the large bough to a slender branch, steps along the latter as far as it will bear his weight, and then, tying a bunch of fruit that is apparently out of his reach, stretches forth his long body and neck, in vain attempts to seize it. He seems in the act of taking off his perch, but recovers himself by beating his wings; he has secured the fruit, and, stepping backwards, tosses up his head and lets the juicy morsel slide down the ungainly bill into his oesophagus. The purpose of the long cumbrous looking beak is now easy to divine ; it is to enable the heavy gluttonous bird to reach from a firm perch, the fruit that lies at the end of slender twigs, which were his beak of the ordinary size, would be inaccessible to him. All the parrots we see are of a light green colour, a hue which serves them as a disguise and protection against their enemies, for it renders them almost indistinguishable amongst the masses of foliage, There are evidently many distinct kinds on the trees, to judge from size alone for some of them, the noisiest of all, are not much larger than sparrows (the personate do Etjierito Santo, or parroquet of the Holy Ghost of the natives), whilst others are giants in comparison, and one kind shows bright patches of scarlet in its plumage. Besides managers, touches, and carrots, we can distinguish many other species of birds less conspicuous in shape and colour : amongst them I numbers of elegant little creatures of dark blue and green hues with yellow legs, allied to the honey-eaters, and one large coal-black species, which we descry hopping singly among the boughs, and which wears a patch of rich crimson on its breast (Coracina rubra collis). But we cannot delay any longer in this interesting spot, for a loud halloo, from the direction of our encampment, announces that breakfast is ready ¡ so Lauriano mounts nimbly up one of the lower trees, cuts off two or three of the heavily laden branches, and, with these, we trudge back to the canoe. j Our breakfast finished, we again embark, and continue our voyage. The weather is magnificent sun- shine, without a cloud and a light easterly breeze is blowing, which moderates the heat of the sun. Towards mid- day, the wind strengthens, and we then hoist our sail, and bowl along merrily, keeping always near the southern bank, where the current is generally slack. i We arrive at our destination a little before sunset ; the place of encampment of the sarsaparilla collectors is distant several miles within the mouth of a shady by-channel, which communicates with a network of roses and streams forming a portion of the outlets of the great tributary, the Burns. Leaving the broad stream of the Amazons we paddle for an hour or more along a narrow, echoing passage, hemmed in between two lofty walls of forest, and then turn up a still narrower and shadier channel, which we follow for a mile or so, and in the end find it suddenly expanding into a spacious pool, a couple of miles in circumference. At the farther end of this solitary sheet of water the land lies low, and the water is covered with masses of aquatic plants, swarming with ghostly wading birds ; but in the remainder of the circuit the banks are high, with a gradual slope, and the shore is scooped out into a succession of little bays fringed with, beaches of clean white sand. A sombre but richly varied forest encompasses the whole. We have not proceeded far before we descry a thin column of smoke winding amongst the trees ; then is heard the barking of dogs, and soon after we glide round a projecting point of land, and see, in the corner of a snug little harbour, the canoe?, tents, and fires of our friends. We sup heartily on the roasted tapir meat, which we find of very rich flavour, something between pork and beef, and then, after arranging our plans for the morrow, retire to our hammocks, slung between trees or poles fixed in the ground, under rude sheds thatched with palm leaves. In the morning, a little before dawn, the encamp- ment is all alive again. Perpetua and her morose Indian servant, who bears the classical name of Eleuteria, prepare the coffee, and the men go down for a refreshing plunge in the lake. Before the sun is well up above the high wall of the trees, the various parties are told off for the day's work, and depart to search the woods in various quarters for roots, each person taking with him his provisions for the day, his unting-knite, and his gun. Manoel' and Lauriano intend making a longer excursion, to explore new ground, and we, with our little helpmate Sebastian and one steady adult Indian, are to accompany them. Our course lies southward, straight for the heart of the forest. The early morning air strikes almost cold in the twilight shades, as we enter on a low, moist tract, after crossing the elevated land bordering the lake. We follow for the first hour or two the tracks made by the men on previous .eicuriionst and at the end of that time, findings becoming very faint and uncertain Clothe Paki our road by breaking off branches of' fat? to milk at interval, of a few yards. The c lost 'is very dense in these forests of twin " as a few dwarf palm trees, under Less mimosa, with occasionally is a .b«4« of only dotting the narrow spaceVthatLf^ the trunks of the taller trees. I am beS ever, rise very close together and all A ho' slender stems as well as the monster,,... of them." larly to a height of sixty feet or more was peaches out a branch, their crowns inSÄfe««*«! in above, so as to shut out the light offer; no regularity or distinctness in the iZ'Jfei and branches overhead in very few A ' four individual tree be traced, stem and "es as a delicate feathery foliage of on? kind 5-TON for like mingled with the barrel- shaped ftT TL or the huge palmate tom. a wides "2 increase the confusion, branches and ' J C parasitic and climbing trees span H on T of another, interweaving their different £6 Hee to with the varied greenery of "S C °í leaf dark, mouldy, silent shall beneath 2 2s ll" reach the banks of a rivulet/Ä: We can see on the opposite bank of the swim as we descend the slope, a cluster of scarlet and blue macaws hanging about huge bunch of fruit under the crown of a stately palm-tree ; a hush cause is heard in other directions the place evidently abound, i in these large and richly-coloured parrots We in Bung our guns, lower our voices, and walk Btoonbr in the shade of the underwood towards the spot It will be better for us, however, to let thethreemen follow up the chase, for there, a little further on, is a pair of birds seated aloft on a naked branch, more worthy our attention They are two species of amperes or chat- . terer, a group comprising some of the handsomest of the feathered tribes to be found in the forest; one of them of a dark purple hue with snow-white wines and the other of a beautiful light blue colour. We are about to leap the narrow brook in pursuit of them, when Sebastian calls our attention to another object-. a little sooty black monkey with white mouth, which lies over a bough not far above our heads, and a star big and grinning at us with an air of great curiosity On our returning the stare, it soon takes alarm and runs off, followed by two, three, four of the tame kind, The impish-looking troop has not gone far before the foremost utters a sudden scream and falls head. long to the mass of foliage beneath, followed by its companions. It has doubtless encountered the glittering eyes of some serpent coiled round the branch, far no other possible enemy is seen or heard to account for the panic. The effect of the noise, however, is to alarm our chatterers, for they are gone and if we wish not to return empty- handed, we must follow that flock of chirping birds which have also been started from their feeding places by the same scream. We soon come up to the tree on which they have settled, and picking out one of the band, fire, and down it tells. What a ' pleasant surprise ! It seemed some dull-bued finch j at that height, but now that we hold it in our hands j we are dazzled by its exquisite beauty. Head golden green, back half velvety, yet half bright scarlet, I I breast light-blue, and throat purple it is the uU I I sores of the natives, the seven-coloured manager, one of the most richly-coloured species of its genus, which is amply represented in this part of the country. Our firing has scared away the remainder of the flock, and being succeeded by two other loud shots from our companions, the whole animal population of the vicinity has taken flight, amidst a piercing day of alarm notes. The result of the shots of our two friends is not alike in both cases, for Manuel has brought down, instead of a bird. a large, heavy, grey monkey, with black wrinkled face, for all the world like that of an old negro. It is the barricade, or big-bellied monkey, of the Porto i gueBe colonists (Lagothrix olivacea of zoologists), a species belonging to a numerous group peculiar to tropical America, all the members of which have lost, muscular tails, with naked palms underneath the tips to fit them for a fifth hand in climbing, The poor animal is scarcely yet dead when its limbs are board and its palpitating body slung over the shoulders of our Indian attendant. It is impossible to go far in any part of the forests of the Upper Amazon without seeing these birds, of which there are many distinct species. They have the habits and also the general appearance of partridges, near to which they are usually classed in natural! history works ; but, according to a recent investigator of high authority, Mr. Parker, they an in reality more closely allied to the ostrich group than to the galleries, being struthionous or Ostrich-like birds of dwarfed size and forest habitat, which have merely a superficial resemblance in form and colour to the partridge and grouse families, On the banks of a fourth and broader rivulet he make halt, and eat our frugal dinner. It is now put mid-day, and the glowing vertical sun pierces the thick canopy of foliage, making the air warm and oppressive in the shades beneath. We have walked perhaps nine or ten miles from the encampment, and are now in the very core of the wilderness-in s put probably never before trodden by man. From this point we commence our return journey Lauriano and Manoel having decided that it will not be practicable to collect roots at a farther distance from the canoes. But, before leaving, we add another barricade monkey to our load of game, shooting it as it was swinging along some twisted lines, over which a flock of a smaller species was Fasting, and this time have the luck, so much ceived by the Amazonian hunter, to find a young one, unhurt, clinging to the back of the poor animal as it falls. My undemonstrative young savage, at the sight of this is almost beside himself for joy, The men detach carefully and fondly the screaming baby Cape from its hold on the fur of its mother, and nurse it in turns with as much pleasure as they would one of their own children. For all these half-civilised people are fond of pets, and are successful, to a degree scarcely credible, in naming the wild animals of their country. Our march home is much more rapid and noisy than our walk in the morning, and we reach the encampment long before sundown. One day, whilst slowly wandering in the Bane pleasant spot in search of insects, we have the good fortune to meet with two of the strangest and most characteristic forms of the larger animals of tropical America. One is the sloth, and the other the ant bear, the demands bandeira, or banner ant-eater, of the European colonists. Of the sloth we do not see much. The keen eyes of Sebastian detect it clinging to a branch of the decrepit, or candela. brum tree, a species which has large palmate Jews, the favourite fruit of the sloth. The colour of the bark and underside of the leaves of this tree is pre- cisely the same as that of the shaggy side of the animal and this similarity of hue gives it a "small protection against the searching eyes of its deadly enemy, the eagle. Whilst we are looking, we creature begins to move ; it secures itself, by the claws of its hind feet, to the branch, rears its body. and sways about until it has found a secure foothold for the next step j this done, it draws its way up and then repeats the process. Sebastian, wars I have been all along restraining from climbing a tree to take the animal alive, now begins to mount, but, at the first shake of the stem, it quickens JJ steps, and is soon lost to view in the dense crown of a neighbouring tree. ... _. The ant-eater introduced himself in a freed manner from this. We are lying at full length the ground, amused with the antics of Burma, black and gray in the trees overhead, who wears a rushing noise amongst the underwood a short as tance from us. We start up, with the same. tary exclamation "A jaguar at last!' and FINE our gun. But we are mistaken. Instead cattle leopard-like jaguar, a couple of black objects emerge from the thicket, chasing and wrestling with my other, and careering round and round. IW »"' past, taking no notice of our presence ; but among pause of a few moments which ensues on one a them being thrown on his back, we discern paw the long narrow snout and broad grey flats Jap which distinguish the ant-eater. The time * creatures chase each other in the bbm betters manner quite round the place where weare m ing, and astonish us by the nimbleness new movements, seeing that these animals as tread on the sides of their feet, owing to wearying curved claws with which they so Staff, and bear, seen in a state of aanl-dom»caüo^ houses of natives appears a most listless *£%& animal, but he is clearly no sluggard in TTm His mode of life, the nature of his food and me of taking it, are all pretty well known. He dev great quantities of termites, orwhitaantfctnew Earthy hillocks or nests of which; abound lady parts of the forest; pulling the ?truotnreito 25 with his claws, and licking up the mused I was . insects out of their chambers with her tears a On the last day of our stay we make a coffin , cursion with the two masters and five-chain low tract of forest which covers the level gT» the opposite side of the pool. I feel) In a few minutes a daikpaU of fffîJLjw through the interstices of the foliage. to be dressed , âieiTôvêrhead, and this quickly obscures the sun, id brings with it a light watery wind from the side morning She clouds have arisen. Launano then starts mr feet. "Ahi vein treads!" (A squall is Trine '1 He shouts with all his might after Manoel the men, but in attempting to repeat the call, his ice is drowned in a hurricane blast, which comes lit a deafening roar, swaying the tree-tops, So making the lighter stems bond like re. A shower of broken branches and heavy masses of air-plants, torn from their anchorages Safe falls about us, driving us to the shelter of these tree. The whole sky hBB become suddenly Muk and in the dim light, the tearing wind, bend isobars and leaves all one way, and driving a team of fragments before it, produces the effect of a tray torrent sweeping through the wilderness. A flash of lightning, a rousing thunderclap, and a deluge of rain increase the uproar ; the pelting of the heavy drops on the thick canopy of foliage resounds Line beating of waves on the sea shore, and the thunder once commenced, continues without inter- Mission's reverberating peals. The tree no longer offers to shelter, and we are drenched to the skin. A half hour elapses before Manoel rejoins un, followed by the men, who have had a narrow "cape from being crushed beneath a huge tree that has been uprooted by the storm. After the violence of the wind has abated a little, we set off to return to the canoe The rain continues to fall in torrents, but this asceneially happens in this sweltering climate, instead of depressing us, has an exhilarating effect, and we are inclined to joke over our discomforts, ob we trudge along and the Indians, who are usually so taciturn, now become quite chatty and companion- able. We have no difficulty in finding our way, but laTetownde through pools of water that fill all the hollow places, and run great risk of treading on poisonous snakes, which often lie in flooded parts of the forest. No mishap, however, occurs and we arrive at the encampment in due time, with dripping clothes and ravenous appetites. Henry Walter Bates. I 