KADINA. [Correspondent.] November 26. As the information given in my former communi-<*> cation is corroborated by your Wallaroo correspon- <*> dent under date November 22, and your Topics of the Day contains a notice of a stone of ore being exhibited at the Exchange from the South Wallaroo Mine, it is not necessary to deny the statements of " One not in any my Interested" preference to the mitiPj and I don't think anything more fair can be said than that in the former—that is, " see for your •elm;" but the last paragraph of the letter alluded to shows the mockery of the signature adopted, inasmuch as the writer is sufficiently interested to state what is greatly at variance with truth in reference to the arrival of the con veyances. As die two only run together on Fridays, the statement must allude to arrivals on that day, and I distinctly assert andean prove that hitherto the mail or BounseveU'e conveyance has not arrived first once out of three times, and on Friday last was a little over an hour behind the Clinton route ; and it is a matter of fact that the mail is always in earlier on the Fridays, thus showing the benefit of opposition. And as to running only twice a week, the steamer used torun Tthree times a week, and oan do so again when the claim of the original and quickest route and the way most beneficial to the interests of the Peninsula is recognised. There are other persons noting what is going on, and the people of Moonta are enquiring why their mails (now nearly as large and quite as important as those of Kadina) should lay in the TT<niiii? office all night, when they oould be forwarded via Clinton the same evening, arriving as early as the •g?din? mail, and urge that the immensely increased population and business warrants that they should have greater postal facilities than at present A numerously signed memorial has been forwarded to Mr. Oogtin, one of our members, for presentation to the House, praying for a sum of money in aid of the roads of the Peninsula, and, being signed by members of all the townships, sets forth the universal desire that something should be done to render them less dangerous. It is to be hoped the eubjeot will receive deliberate consideration, and a sum be passed for the purposes indicated. A man fell down one of the Yelta shafts to a con siderable depth, but fortunately received little injury. The result would doubtless have been much more severe, if not fatal, bad the shaft been a perpendicular one instead of an underlay shaft. There is nothing fresh to communicate about this mine. The Moonta Company are raising ore from the shaft where the Yelta prospectors cut the lode some little time ago. It is gratifying to observe that so promising a property as the Cornwall is not going to be allowed to remain|idle. The Kurilla Mine is looking ex ceedingly well, rich ore being brought to grass. The Karkarilla Mine is producing some first-class ore I am informed, a portion being shipped to Port Adelaide. It has been blowing a strong S. W. gale during the week, which has kept the weather delightfully cool, though rain is much needed. [We do not undertake to decide the point in dispute between oar correspondent and the writer of the letter he refers to; neither do we wish the dis cussion to be prolonged. Bat as the question is one of some interest to residents at Wallaroo and Eadina we have thought it advisable to let both sides be heard.—Ed.] The following curious notification appears in the Victorian Gazette of the 80th September last:— "Notice to the Public—Gambling for religions, charitable, and other purposes by means of raffles having been lately carried onto a considerable extent in Melbourne and in various parts of the country, the public are informed that all lotteries, except raffles of a private nature, or for the distribution of pro perty amongst the owners thereof, or some work purely of art, are illegal; and that the police have been instructed to take proceedings against all per sons who violate the law in this respect. Baffles for works purely of art are illegal unless notice thereof be given to tbe Attorney-General, and unless the raffle be not disallowed by him within one week after such notice. —Geoege Hioginbothau, Attorney General, drown Law Offices, Melbourne, 27th September. 1864." A Cootttbt ob Cumbebs. —In South America everything climbs. The trees climb, and so become parasites, when elsewhere they are independent and self-supporting; and not only one special kind of tree, bnt all kinds, even to a certain palm (surely the last to be thought capable of parasite flexibility?) which we call the Desmoncus, but the natives the Jsatira, and which is a great nuisance in the forests, because of the strong recurved spines at the tips of the leaves, that catch off the hats and tear the clothes of the unfortunate traveller not mindful of his steps. The monkeys climb; there are no groundlings as in the baboons and ourang- outang of the Old World, bnt all are arboreal, with long tails to help them at a pinch, flexible at the tips and sometimes naked and sensitive, like a fifth hand; the gallinaoeous birds, answering to our cocks and hens and partridges and pheasants, climb more than they fly, and perch only on the highest parts of the trees; a creature allied to the bear family, a genus of " Plantigrade Oarnivora," has a swinging length of flexible tail like the monkeys, and climbs as well as any of them; and tbe very ground beetles of other countries have here changed their natures, and live exclusively "up a tree, like the rest. In fact, tha law seems to be that everything shall climb, whatever its nature or habit, —JXchenf* Ml the Tear Sound. Tsb Howuna Doa.—ln the office assigned to the dog of the Aryans, as a messenger from the world of the dead, we see the origin of that very wide-spread superstition which recognises a death omen in the howling of a dog. An intelligent Londoner tells me he has often seen the omen given, and verified its fnlfilment. The dog's mode of proceeding on suoh occasions, he say?, is this:—"The animal tries to get under .the doomed person's window; but if the houf^/rUnds within an enclosure, and it cannot getAi.it runs round tbe'premises very uneasily, or paces np and down like a sentry. If the dog suc ceeds in making an entry, it stops underneath the window, howls horribly, finishes with three tremen dous barks, and harries away." The same supersti tion prevails in France and in Germany. In the latter country, A dog howling before a bouse portends either a death or a ftre. If it howls along the high way, that is held in Westphalia to be a sure token that a mneral will soon pass that way. In the Ger man, as in the Aryan mythology, ihe dog is an em bodiment of the wind, and also an attendant on the dead. It appears in both characters in Odin's wild bunt. Dogs see ghosts, and when Hel, the goddess of death, goes about, invisible to human eyes, she is aeen by the dogs.— Eelhfs Lndq-Huropean Tradition and FolJe lore. ? ADVT.—Homowat's Ointment and Pilm. —-Fear not, —Though surrounded by circumstances dv advantageous to health, these remedies, properly applied, will cot snort fevers, influenza, inflammation, diptheria, and a host of other complaints always lurking about tc snse on the weak, forlorn or unwary. The superiority of HcOoway's medicines over others for subduing diseasi hat been so widely and fully proved, that it is onlj decenary to ask the afflicted to give them a trial, and i the instructions folded round them be followed no dis appointment will over ensue, nor dangerous consequents result. In hoarseness and ulcerated son throat thi Qtnl?nent should frequently be rubbed on thejneek am ?Beftbechset: H wffl arrest the mcreasing innamma 