European Intelligence. Wb compile the following summary from the ' Home News' of April 26th and other jour nals :— In the House of Lords, on April 18, Earl Granville informed their lordships that in consequence of the vote in the House of Commons Mr. Lowe had resigned the office of Vice-President of the Council of Education, and took the opportunity of eulogising the abilities of Mr. Lowe, who, he said, had not been guilty of any undue interference with the reports of the inspectors.—Several bills were advanced a stage, and their lordships adjourned.—On the 19th, several London journals having stated that Earl Clarendon, who had been on a special mission to the court of the Tuileries, bad promised, as a concession to the French emperor, that Garibaldi should shorten his stay in England, the noble earl, in reference to these allega tions, denied that any representations had been made to him by the Emperor of the French on the subject. On the contrary, that potentate had admitted the propriety of the reception given to Garibaldi in England. No concessions whatever bad been asked for on the subject.—On the 22nd, the Earl of Derby moved a resolution to the effect that it be an instruction to the committee on every bill proposing to construct railways in the metropolis to insert provisions for securing to the labouring classes cheap transit to and from their labours by a morning and evening train. Lord Stanley of Alderlev suggested that the rule should be applied to existing railways. The resolution was then agreed to. In the House of Commons, on April 5th, Mr. Layard said that by a judgment of an American prize-court, the ship Saxon was to be given up to the owner free of all charges. Lieut. Donoghue was to be tried for killing the mate of the Saxon.—On April 21st, Mr. Kinnaird drew attention to the rumour which bad found circulation through a portion of the press, that a member of her Majesty's Go vernment bad been instrumental in promoting the early departure from England of General Garibaldi. He called upon Mr. Gladstone to explain whether there was any truth in the statement, with a view to avert any misunder standing. The Chancellor of the Exchequer said all that he had done was to consult with the friends of the general assembled at Staf ford-house, when the question was raised as to whether the constitution of the general would be able to stand the excitement and exhaustion incidental to the demonstrations in which he was asked to play so conspicuous a part. Invitations had been sent to tim_to visit no fewer than 80 towns, and bis friends were of opinion that if he went to the pro vinces at all he ought to contract the circle of his engagements and adjust his programme, so that there should be no departure from it hereafter. On the whole, however, the ge neral s friends were opposed to his being any longer exposed to the physical wear and tear to which he was at present subjected. Hav ing been requested to tell the general what he thought on the subject, the latter listened patiently, and at the conclusion observed that there was great force and propriety in the view taken by his friends, and he was quite willing to adopt it, as be considered that the purpose of his visit bad already been attained. That object was, he said, ■ to express his acknowledgments and thanks to the Govern ment and to the people of England for what they had done for his country. The general also added that he hoped upon some future occasion again to visit England, when, per haps, it might be in his power to see his friends in the provinces. Some years ago the Bradford churchmen resolved to build 10 churches in that bo rough. Recently the sixth of the number, a magnificent structure in the early decorated style, built at the sole cost of Mr. F. S. Powell, M.P. for the borough of Cambridge, at an expense of not less than £15,000, was con secrated by the Lord Bishop of Ripon, in the presence of a large congregation. The Lords are getting tired of the impu dence of tbe railway companies, and Earl Derby has brought forward a proposal to compel them to do what they ought to have done of themselves 10 years ago. He pro duced a petition from St. George the Martyr, Southwark, showing that 1500 families had recently been turned out of their homes and could find no others, and he suggested that every London company should be compelled to run one morning and one evening train for the working class at Is. a week for any dis tance under 10 miles. This would relieve London of some of its pressure, and gradually secure to the people decent houses in country air. The Government intends to consult the Board of Trade, and if the working classes of London know their own interest they will quicken its appreciation of their need by a few deputations. Sir Morton Peto announces his intention of retiring from Parliament at the close of tbe present Parliament, the cause of such retire ment being ill- healtb. M. Louis Blanc has addressed a letter to General Garibaldi, on the occasion of the illustrious Italian patriot's visit to England, protesting, in the name of liberal France) against the prevailing belief that it was the French republic that in 1849 sent an army to " force back tbe Romans under the Papal yoke," and to overthrow the Roman republic. By a simple comparison of dates, M. Louis Blanc shows that it was in tbe interval be tween the dissolution of the Constituent and tbe meeting of the Legislative Assembly that General Oudinot marched in defiance of his positive instructions against Rome; that all the Republican party in tbe Legislative As sembly protested against tbe flagrant and dishonest violation of the independence of a foreign people, and of the existing republican constitution of France, and that M. Ledru Rollin and many other members of that as sembly are still in exile for having then de fended the independence of Rome and of Italy at the peril of their fortunes and their lives. M. Louis Blanc insists, and proves, that the whole responsibility of the resto ration of the Papal government at Rome rests s®'ely |*nd wholly upon the present Emperor of the French. There is a deputation from the General Assembly of the Irish Presbyterian Church now in London, canvassing" ministers and members of Parliament, with a view to an increase of the royal bounty. The Pres byterians think that so long as tbe Estab lished Church receives £400,000 a year, and the Presbyterians, who are nearly as nu merous, and not less serviceable to the State receive only £40,000, they have a claim upon the Legislature. The amount of cotton arriving in the Mersey -from India and China was nevermore plentiful than at present. Nearly 90,000 bales arrived there in the course of two days recently from Bombay and China ports, Shanghai, and Hong Kong. President Lincoln, by an official order on March 14th, assigned to Lieut. General Grant the command of all the armies of tb United States. General Halleck, who was at bis own request, relieved from duty a general-in-chiet, had been appointed it Washington chief of the army staff. General Grant is believed to be preparinj for an attack upon Richmond. Lee was giving signs of a forward move ment, but a heavy snowstorm had put a stop t active operations in Virginia. A portion o Longstreet's force was stated to be on tb move to Kentucky. The bulk of it, however was believed to be about to join Lee. Generals M'Clellan and Fremont have beei nominated for the Presidency of the North. Arkansas has elected an anti-slaver legislature. The Free-State Government has beei publicly inaugurated at New Orleans witl imposing ceremonies. The wife of Genera Beauregard had died in that city. At tb funeral a great public demonstration of sym pathy was made. The most important item of action is tba on the 26th March the Confederate Genera rorrest, with a force of cavalry, mounted in fantry, and artillery, estimated at 7000, at tacked and captured the city of Paducah Kentucky, 50 miles above Cairo, on thi Ohio river, at tbe mouth of tbe Tennessee A fort below the city, garrisoned by 80( men, repulsed three attacks. General For rest sacked and destroyed tbe goveramen storey and secured a large amount of plunder 1 he federal gunboats Pawpaw and Peosti opened fire on the rebels, driving them ou of the city, the greater part of which was destroyed by the Federal fire. At last ac counts Forrest had retreated to a positior about 10 miles - south of Paducah, where b< was reinforced by General Faulkner, and ii was expected that tbeir combined force; would attack Columbus or Clinton. Tb< Confederates are reported to have left 30( killed at Paducah aDd in front of the fort. A portion of Forrest's command, before the at tack on Paducah, attacked the Federal posi t10,n at. l0D „ ^hey were twice re pulsed, but finally took the place, capturino the garrison, which consisted of 500 of th< / th Tennessee Union Uegitnent During last year the amount of gold depo sited at the mints of Philadelphia, Sat rrancisco, and New York was 23^149 4.91 dollars, and the amount of sliver K674 60f dollars. 47,845,000 pennies were co'inec last year. The coinage of all tbe Unitec States mints since the establishment of th< Sutt5 •• The government of Canada, following th. example of the mother country, has begui tbe publication of an annual series of " mis allaneous statistics." The estimated popu 2 783 079 t17' "?*•■ " SK,ed "> bl ihe population at the last census was 8.40 to the square mile. Th< ratio of annual increase is stated at 4.34 pei cent, in Upper Canada and 2.50 in Lowei The Public expenditure in 186c i per head' and the funded A-c/^,1. " ■rhe imP°rts amountei to 1 b*51 dollars per head. Schubert, the renowned composer, died in Vienna on November 19, 1828, and his pro perty, which consisted of wearing apparel and notes, was valued at 6'3fl. The expenses for his funeral, which were defrayed by his relatives and friends, were 84,358. The sum of 17,0008. has now been subscribed there by the admirers of Schubert's compositions, and the money will be employed in the construction of a monument to his memory. Schubert was 32 years of age when he died. It appears from a Parliamentary paper is sued on April 15, that the total number of electors for cities and boroughs in England and Wales in 1862-63 was 468,966, and 487,684 in 1863-64. It appears by a Parliamentary return just issued, that in Great Britain the annual average amount of property and income-tax contributed per head of population in the quinquennial period ending March 31, 1858, was 10s. 4$d., and in Ireland 2s. lOfd. The annual average in Great Britain in the quinquennial period ending March 31, 1863, was 7s. 1 l£d., and in Ireland 2s. 4£d. Mr. Ward is about to commence another picture on the wall of the corridor of the House of Commons. The subject will be " The Seven Bishops leaving Westminster hall," as described by Lord Macaulay. Much discussion, more curious than im portant, has been going forward of late as to tbe popular error that Shakespeare and Cervantes died on the same day, 23rd April, 1616\. Tbe fact is not so. Cervantes died on tbe 23rd April, 1616, N.S., and Shakespeare on tbe 23rd April, 1616, O.S. There is consequently a difference of 10 days between tbe two events. We did not adopt the New Style till long afterwards, so that in fact the day on which Shakespeare died is actually the day which we now call the 3rd of May. This of course applies also to tbe birthday, which, strictly, should be celebrated, not on the 23rd April, but on tbe 3rd May. A tree planted by General Garibaldi in tbe garden of the Poet Laureate has had two of its branches torn off during the night. It was carefully watched by Mr. Tennyson's gardener until after dark, but before the morning it was so mutilated that the beauty of its foliage is permanently and seriously marred. Cardinal Wiseman has delivered at South Kensington Museum a very interesting lec ture which occupied two hours, on the pros pects for good architecture in London. He pointed out the total want of harmony, and a definite national character in the metropo litan structures. The lecturer was listened to with earnest attention and frequently in terrupted by cheers. The largest block of granite ever cut in Cornwall, weighing about 40 tons, was re cently brought from the quarry to the railway station at Penryn, for the purpose of being polished by a temporary engine, which will be fixed on the spot. Fifty horses were re quired to draw the block, which is a square mass, and will form the top stone of the base ment of a large shaft which was polished some months ago. These are portions of a column which will be conveyed by railway to Stratbfieldsaye, and erected to the memory of the late Duke of Wellington by his son, tbe present duke. Mr. Dickens presided recently at the an- j nual dinner in aid of the funds of the Uni- j versity College Hospital. He urged, in an - admirable and characteristic speech, tbe claims of the institution both as an hospital and as a celebrated school of medicines. Subscriptions and donations to the amount of £1500 were announced at the meeting. Near St. Maurice, in the Canton de Vaud, Switzerland, a crystal cavern bas been dis covered, at which one arrives by boat on a subterrannean lake. The cavern lies 1300 feet below tbe surface of the earth, and is said to be beautiful beyond description. Mr. Glasbier, describing his 18th balloon ascent, which he made recently from Wool wich, states the results of the voyage to have ! been remarkable. He says that they estab lish tbe prevalence of totally opposite cur rents of the air within two miles of the earth, as also temperatures of tbe air actually warmer than on the earth at heights exceed ing 8000 ft., where usually the temperature is from 30 deg. to 40 deg. lower than on the earth, constituting the results of this ascent as differing from all others, and as one by no means unimportant in the series. A small coin of tbe reign of the Roman Emperor Diocletian has just been dug up beneath the garden of a house in South ampton. The New National Gallery will cost, it is estimated, £150,000. It will consist, if sanctioned as designed by Parliament, of seven parallel galleries, 900 feet in length, and 40 feet in width, and the same in height j while the vistas will be uninterrupted from end to end. Tbe Alexandra, about which there has been so much dispute, has been delivered to her owners. The decision of the Law Lords was not unanimous, Lord Cranwortb and Lord Wensleydale maintaining that the Barons of tbe Court of Exchequer had power to make rules giving the crown a right of ap peal in tbe case. A curious case lately became before the Lord Chancellor, in which Mr. Sargood said he had been instructed to appear on the appeal for tbe deceased bankrupt. The Lord Chancellor: I cannot see you. Tou are the ghost of a dead man. The matter . bad better stand over until a representative bas been appointed to the deceased. Ordered accordingly. At the Penryn (Cornwall) Petty Sessions, Jane Lacy, who bas a wide reputation as a " cunning woman" among the lower classes, was charged with having pretended to use subtle device and craft in order to remove a " spell*' from Mrs. Joanna Bate, of Penryn, who died on the 21st of March. It appeared, that Mrs. Bate had been suffering for some time from bad legs. Not having received any benefit from her medical attendants, she was advised to call in Mrs. Lacy, who, upon seeing the patient, said she "had a spell upon her, but, with the help of -God, in five weeks she should be the woman she was seven years ago." Tbe prisoner further said that a person bad " wished" that Mrs. Bate's arms might fall useless at her side, and that she might be struck blind; but that instead of tbe " wish" being fulfilled, the spell had fallen on her legs. She described the person who had " ill-wished" Mrs. Bate, and said tbe spell bad fallen on her when the planets were crossing tbe moon. She administered medicine and gave lotion for rubbing the legs, and altogether charged £l 12s. 6d. for her services, which amount was paid. Before operating she required a lock of Mrs. Bate's bair. Mr. Stokes, solicitor, of Truro, con tended that there was no case against the prisoner, but tbe magistrates committed ber to two months* imprisonment, with hard labour. A fire has taken place at the Apothecaries' ball in Dublin. The loss is estimated at £15,000. Tbe Dublin Exhibition of 1864, which is to be opened in May, gives promise of at taining successful results. Nearly double the amount of available space has been ap plied for by manufacturers and machinists; and in addition to the building heretofore devoted to tbe exhibitions of the .Royal Dub lin Society, a large area has been roofed in for the display of machinery in motion. The fine arts gallery will form an attractive and important feature in tbe undertaking. Timothy Hinchin, a private in the City of Cork Artillery Militia, was committed for tiial on a charge of illegally drilling a num ber of men at Cork, on the 3rd of April. A splendid fountain is about to be erected opposite tbe entrance to tke mansion of the Marquis of Waterford at Curragbmore. The Milford steamers have brought over colossal mythological castings, together with base ments, machinery, &c.;, to be used in tbe construction of a gigantic fountain, tbe water from which will be thrown from the jet d'eau to a height of upwards of 40 feet. A portion of those figures, centaurs, male and female figures, &c; , are in weight 170 tons. These figures, which formed a very prominent fea ture in the Paris Exhibition, were, it is stated, purchased for £3000—their original cost was estimated at £6000. These splen did castings are of German workmanship. The'Cork Examiner* publishes extracts from a letter written by an Irishman in New Turk, stating that the fellows at the head of the Fenian movement, by whom the emi grants are entrapped, are low, drunken loafers that would sell Ireland and all Irish men for 6d. *' I consider," says tbe writer, " that you would be doing service to your countrymen in warning them against such inflammatory trash. It is tbe same in all parts of this country, and our poor deluded people are made political capital of by every scoundrel that works on their credulity, in stead of following any honest occupation for a living." Bernard Caughey was executed at Cavan on April 4 for tbe murder of Peter Reilly. He was the son of a cottier in that neigh bourhood. He was only 27 years of age. When a boy he was employed by the mur dered man, till be lost his hand in conse quence of the bite of an ass. He then became a pauper; next an itinerant hardware dealer; then one of a band of cattle stealers, in which capacity he was tried and convicted at Trim Assizes in 1861. He got out as a ticket-of leave man, and, failing to procure employment, be went to his old master, whom he treacher ously murdered in the night. A National Irish Horse Show was opened on tbe 15th April in Dublin. The Royal Dublin Society so far co-operated as to allow the use of its premises for tbe exhibition. The entries were over 400, and the actual number of horses and ponies on the ground was 3?0. The melancholy scene of the late Sheffield inundation continues to be visited by hun dreds of persons daily, the greater number from distant parts of the country. Alt -Matin Bridge, Owlerton, and Hillsbro* a few parties of men are engaged in the work of repairing buildings that had been partly washed down; but the attempts at re-construction have been, so far, very limited and partial. Lower down the river, and in Sheffield itself, more activity is observable, and several of tbe forges and manufactories have recommenced work, as far as has been practicable. Tbe scene of desolation at Neepsend and Hillfoot is even more distressing than it was shortly after the flood, from the dreary solitude that reigns in localities that were formerly busy and animated. From calculations that have been made, it would seem that the flood reached, and injured more or less seriously, not fewer than 4000 houses. In the district: of Neepsend alone, out of 600 houses, 400; are now empty. The total damage to pro perty, from the scene of the accident -to .a point .below the borough of Sheffield, where the destructive power of the flood may be said to have ended, is calculated at £250,000; and this, of course, is exclusive of tenants' and proprietors* claims, which will amount to an enormous sum. The relief fund now amounts to about £36,000. One of those crimes which shock us as much by their frequency as by their wretched ness took place in Canterbury on the night of March 27. A young man named Horton, labourer, had been courting for three years a girl named Cullen, a domestic servant. The lovers occasionally quarrelled, as Horton seemed to be of a morose temper, and Cullen bad more -than once expressed her deter mination to give bim up. The acquaintance continued, however, and on the above night he called at tbe house when her master's family were at church, and shot the girl, hap pily not mortally. He then shot himself, having previously attempted to cut his throat, and died almost immediately. A distressing shipwreck has taken place at Castletown, in tbe Isle of Man. A schooner struck ajt Port Iron, about five miles off Castletown, and the lifeboat of that harbour was sent round, but before she could arrive the schooner had foundered with all hands on board. The sbip Star of the West, on her pas sage to New York, fell in with an Italian frigate, in a sinking condition. She lay by -the frigate all night; but before morning tbe vessel had disappeared^ leaving no trace. Crimes of outrageous violence are becom ing alarmingly frequent. We baye to record one of tbe worst, which took place at a vil lage named Fiskerton, near Newark-on Trent, a few days ago. A young man, named Parker, had a quarrel with his father about his misconduct. He had stayed from home, and had been about drinking, when the son took down a double-barrelled gun, and as his father and mother ran out of the house he shot them one after tbe other through tbe window. Neither is expected to survive. The prisoner is in custody. Her Highness the Princess Victoria Gou ramma of Coorg, god-daughter of the Queen, died prematurely on March 30 at the house of her husband, Col. John Campbell, in George-street, Portman-square. Most people who remember the circumstances under. which the Princess of Coorg was taken under the protection of ber Majesty a dozen years ago will feel their interest renewed by tbe announcement of the early death of the • daughter of the last of the Haleri Rajahs. The father of tbe Princess of Coorg, Veer Rajunder, was the namesake of his famous uncle, Veer Rajunder Waddeer, whom he succeeded in .1819, when a bpy of 15. The uncle was one of the few friends of British sovereignty in India. The Princess Gpu- , ramma was confirmed and admitted as a communicant, under tbe auspices of tbe Queen, and a few years ago she married Co lonel John Campbell. i The petroleum works of Messrs. Prentiss and Co. at Birkenhead, Liverpool, has been j partially destroyed by fire. The loss is esti- ■ mated at £4000. 