IRISH EXTRACT. Lurgan, Dec. 19th, 1863 The following has been received by a gen- tleman in Portland per last mail and as it contrasts our climate with other parts of the habitable world it may be worth the attention of "dyspeptic individuals" as Sam Weller would say, who are always turning up their noses at the Australian climate. My Dear——, I'll be bound to say that if Hamlet's ghost presented its carious phis in your room that it it would not excite a more lively sensation of astonishment than the look of the signature attached to this letter. You need not throw yourself into the dramatic at- titude and cry "Angels and Ministers of grace defend us" for I warn you before hand that I bring neither airs from Heaven nor blasts from hell nor is there any necesity "to burst in ignorance" although time and space have oped their marble and ponderous jaws and cast me up again. I am still Tom in the flesh and have since you saw me last been in tolerable enjoyment of the glimpses of the m???. In fact the Ladies of my ac- quaintance are inclined to consider that fair luminary as my guiding "Star." Of course I indignantly deny the impeachment and. swear that V???? is more in my latitude. Between such good authorities the matter rests, so I dare say you will add "there let it lie." Well to begin:—In the month of August last, I met by the purest accident "Sawny Coral Leech" of Ballarat Punch celebrity otherwise Mr. ——, of the "Star" I think it was at the Falls of Niagara or Sara- toga Springs, I forget which but at any rate it was somewhere between New York and Canada and to him, am I indebted for a knowledge of your geographical position. He knew as much about who pumped him. touching Ballarat celebrites as he does of the States of American affairs which is nil, or as a Dutchman would say "nix," although he en- lightens the readers of the "Star' on that question occasionally. I passed for a Glas- gow dry goods man or tramp and told him I had an Irish cousin on Ballarat in the medi- cal profession, in fact medical adviser for the whole Chinese nation on these diggings. You may guess at what dry sayings "a dry good man" drew from ——, it would take five new steel pens and a brace of Ostrich feathers to do that scene justice. I knew the man so well and he knew me so little that it was realy glorious company between us two . But enough of this;— so soon as I get back to the land of potatoes and Pats I determined to write and ask you how the world has treated you "since last we parted." * * 9 * Portadown is wonderfully changed. It is the most thriving town in the North. I am sorry to say that Ireland is going still further down in the scale of prosperity. The rich are well enough, but the poor working bees are in the process of being smashed out, or as the Yankee say "wiped out totally." I fled from the old "soap" and sojourned in the land of Penn for some year past, I made a little honey and am back again to winter quarters in the elegent town of Lurgan Co. Armagh, Ireland ????? New York is a magnificent city, great in mighty ships and palaces of marble, palaces without Royalty and Merchant Princes without royal handles to their names, great in art and science and education and last not least mighty in war. I was there when the shindy began and tr??? to live to see the end thereof. * * * I painted a few life size portraits of good friends and true, which I hung in the cabeen and look at now and then, when the cares of this weary world allow me breathing time. I have still the old poetic temperament without the itching to rhyme, still the old quissical temper with a shade more of the cynic ingrained in its outline. Still a young old bachelor addicted to smoking and a restless life. If life is spared me I intend to visit Paris and Rome and perhaps go back to your great free country and die amongst the "Cockatoos." Yearn not for this your native sod unless you can in the fullness of your purse afford to break a bank or become an absentee landlord. Exchange not sunny skies for leaden ones, eight months of glorious sum- mer for twelve months of your winter, aye and worse, far than your winter, that is an old chums advice. I thrive, however, best in an Irish atmosphere, and althought had good health in America, I was fourteen pounds heavier in Ireland, so after making a few of the Almighty dollars I return to make the "pound of flesh." When John in the fullness of his heart declared his never dying affection for his Betty, I am sure the centre of John's circulation underwent a palpitatory operation which sent the young blood bound- ing throngh all the highways and byeways of his body —from the top of his head to the point of his great toes, from the polar regions to the ultima thule of his corporeal existence hardly less does the palpitatory process effect my own system; when I sit down in the old Land, by the familiar fireside and with pen in hand and meerebaum in mouth write an epistle to my old friend:— As onward we journey how pleasant To pause and inhabit awhile Those few sunny spots like the present That mid the dull wlld. uses smile John (alas poor Yorick) and Betty are nearly down to the bottom of John Ander- son's bill, the palpitation will soon cease here, I hope to begin anew under brighter auspices. I am nearly down to the bottom of my page. Good bye. Give my warmest regards to — Yours sincerely, TOM 