I - PARRAMATTA. [FBOM DUB conntttPO»i)ENT,] REDUCTION IR TH« PBIOB OF BEEAC-Mr, Hngta Taylor, of tba firm of Taylor and Murphy, buttners, of tbla town, baa lately imported large quantities ol bread daily from Sydney, wbiob be baa been selling al H I, the 9 lb. loaf. Thia fail io the price baa been readily availed of, and (banka are doe to (bia enterprising gentleman fer bia speculation ; the reduction, in Ibese dall times, being bigbly aooeptabls, especially to (he labouring poor. With tbe prior, however, the quality of tbe bread Las to ba considered. We see tbat a depute, lion bee lately waited upon theColontsl Secretary, Baking for the appointment of ao Inspeotir of F.iod, owing to ? largs quantity of damaged flour having been lately imported into the Sydney market, and eold for £11 psr ton. MUNICIPAL COTJHCUU-TMB council mst on Wednes- day last. Present-Aldermen Purchase, Trott, Harvey, Pye, Payten, end H. Taylor. Owing to the absente of bis Worship (be Mayor-a veiy .nansnsl occurrence Mr. Pnrohise was gilled to tbe ohalr. A letter (rom Mr. Sufi" was received, complaining of çor'aia repsirs re- quired for landry localities. A report from the surveyor, on repairs required for King's School Djm, was siso reoeived. The counoil (ben sepal ated. The lease for the reservoir to Mr. Black h ia beon duly executed, and we anderstind he will at- once proceed to stock it with flab, and erect a cottage on tba North Booka for ? superintendent. The new bill for Ibe formation ot provincial oonneila tbrougbont the colony is causing some stir. It ii not at all probable that it will be aocepted by tte people ss it no o' stands. It would be nothing more than banding over tho oolony to the rule of a few interested men at the oost of the many, and la wholly subversive of every principle the people exneoted to enjoy under sell- government. Thia abortion ôf a bill, coupled with tho suspicions daisy for oalUog Parliament together, a delay so obstinately opposed hy Forster when ia opposition, and tbe political prcfligsoy exhib ted in forming the new Commission ol the Peace, il IB generally believed, have sealed. Iba fate of the Marlin Ministry. Another groas ono made out agslnst them is. tbe non.fu filment of tbelr oft.repeated promises to adjust tho revenue in a satisfactory manner. Tbe aplendidjtlnancial tree promised to bo planted by Mr. Etgar, turna ont very like Baron Munchausen's dreams, a mere shadow, and something worse, for Instead of even a ghost of financial reform, we hsvs got a real déliait of 100.O3C and apwarls in tho last quarter. 1'OI.IOE COURT.-During thia week, only tba following eaaea bavoooourred worthy ol reporting. William Myloc, convittedof nsing indecent language,-flood 30«,, orin default, one month in gaol. Ho was next oonvlotod ol assaulting the oonstablo who apprehended bim, and fined S0.>. more. Not paying tbe floe?, ho was oommitted to gaol.-John M'Qaire, arrested (or druokenneoB, w Boon, viated on two sepárate chargea-tho first, for violently resisting the oonatable when apprehended ; tba second, for an unprovoked asBaull upon William Clements and Ma-.y Hargrave. Tbo lattor wis an offence oommitted ander the basest ingratitude, for Clements bad bien (or ?ama days aff ording him a borne. For tbe first oiTanoe be waa fined £6. and in default pf payment, »eui to gaol for Iwo montbe ; in tbe seooud, be waa siso flood £5, and in default of payment, sent lo gtol for three months, tbe la'.ter sentence to commence at toe expiration of (be first,-Amelia Clay field, (or presenting a spurious r. Ii. wsy ticket, asid to bave bern given her by a gentleman, was discharged, on paying 8r" tba amount of faro de- manded. TBKDERB ACCEPTED.-George Blunt--Ooo(riot No. 8, extension pl tbs Great Northe n Ballway," Slogletoi towsidi Aimldalr. G. H. Smith-For Ibo supply of 190 ospe for railway servants. Wm. Vaughan-Fjr the oonhtrnetion of (orly railway go»da waggont.-Qçvcrn Bleat QMftt*, : , : -«, 