GENERAL SUl,?I.AllY. The approach of Chriatmt is is generallv marked by a lull in the political world, and, uotwithstand. log the urgent topics that are abroad, and the anxious questions that are waiting solurion at the point of the swordl, the present veason is to exceep. tion. It is, inlded, rather iore dull tha,'nesual. Our. budget ao intelligence contrais scarcely a sinele event of hi'.er interest than ia prize flhti or a barbarous lmurder, of which littler lsenational clas. of incldeonts, we are sorry to say, there are sevetla examples. Love and drink appear.to lie the chief inspirations of ltho brutail (leeds' that are done hi this way amongst .tthe Engliit, and' a glance-t our coluamns will show that they- still hold their inflluence over our glolnmy populatioonl The fhidihg of' the Court-martial in tilhe case of Colonel Crawley till unt surprise our readers. It will be seen thinat the" aqnuiltal is complete and conclusive. No man everi eltme out of a court* martial with a more triOiumphani t testimonyto character. Yet, levrtlthless, this is a verdict' which,'however just it may lbe, and we do not dis pu(elts justice, will not entirely alpease lthe putt.. lie 'eellig. In our domestic politics there are sonice small events that give te.oporary occupation Ito idlers, and produce considerable. idiscussioan while they are before the public. One of those is a quarrel between Mr. Cobden and the Times. It is n linie when moembers.of Parliament address country audiences for the slice of airing their oratoi'ry and on one of thIes ocensioans Mr. Bright delivered a stunning speech at Rohedale, hearing, amongst other things upon the comIparative eanditlonof the rich and poor in tllis country. The Times declared that..Mr.. Bright . advencated a course of legislation which should hanve the effect ofdividing the lands of the rich amongst the poor t nd Mlr. Cobden, losing his temnper tlenonueed'the Timtes as a literary assassint, and fel foul of the systetm of anonymous jouroilismn by which men were pro. tected in saying things wlhich they wvoultlhbt dite to say in their owtn names. All this was, of course, quite Bieside tile real question at issue, which Mlr. Coiiden' never touchet at nil; but it led to a much more interesting collision. Theo' editor of thloTimes declined to insert Mr. Cobileo's:letter because it abounded it unwanrranltablle ersonal abuse; and then Mr. Coblden addressed Mr. Delane, the editor of the Times, Iy name, reiterat. ing:'i n ' highly truculetnt lashion'.his .chalrges agalait '.the baseuess and corruplltion of the anonymous systeni.. To this ill.conaditioned letter MlIr. Delane seat a eanl and dignilied relply, wliclh has.terminated the controversy to lhe total dia. comlture olf the original ilsanilant. Wlhether lar. Cobden;. is' right orl wrong about anonymnous journslieai, hI is one 'of the lnst men who id entitled o condemn it. Thoe Morning Star wa launuched, nnd is supporled, by Mr. Cotdel and Mar. Bright, or their fiiends, or their party. In. deed:itis commlonly colle-l ,Mr. Brighlt's paper. It is currently so so callled inl places where such mnatters are Inliliairly diebated, anid suplltoseli to be well atnol a. II0 that as it maly, the lfortnig? Staris undoubtedl tlihe organ of Mleasrs. Cobden and Bright, and lighits their battles, iand defentds their opinions ilth uaicompromisit g lidelity. It cannot fall, therefore, to striLe a rttlectiltg.nation as a slngular circunbtalltlce that .Ir. Collilen doets not sat tlhq ecxample of publishiill the t.uues of writers in a journal which is so entirely at his perviee, and tlhat while hie howls at the tlimes for writing under a lalintk, hie should piatroilee at rival' that wrttes under a doller mllask--deler becaueio its writers are more obscure. The nppolotment of Scrjenal Slihee to he judge ship rendered vacant by the rcclit death ou Judge Wlghtman has given iuivcrsal satisfactioo. It was a conquesta of prejudlca due to the legal eminence and religious amodtratiot of a dis. tinguished Roman Catholic b.iartlter, and evely. body recognises its fitters. We regret wtd cannoai soy so much for the appointment of Dr. Stauley as the successor of DciII TrecOti in \'e?tiiiniltarr.. Dr. Wordsworth, one of the canons wl.o awill be'asso. elated willh the uiltl'e Deln, has publlished no elaborate lrotest agnilat the aplloihntment on tlle ground that some of the published' uopllous of Dr. Stanlely ont certain vexe.d tIiigtalUs questions are calculated to introduce discord and heartburn Inl lnto the Church. 'Dr; Woe; i-'ortli, s per festly slahcoe, an il ihais taiken Itbi ste in ihedll. enes to a strlng sense of duty. But fit have any ffot.atI all it wilt be to praeilphto te 'toil it r deprecates and deplores;. Dr."Stanley"is n men s of high erudillunt his'.lotrning plnces hintn' Ad b vneo of most of hlfs quotonlporariest.auld iftlere he questions 'pon which dlfTerencea. exist between him and -them, they are not of n calraoter to shake the foundations of the estahIishment, or to enodanger tile harmony of its admnmistration. The Emperor of Iheo Plrenchb's intent'poan the paeiaticuon f tl t loube, andil adopting measures fribr'li 'prlpno' wl~,fi cannont thil to hilg ahbout trisi iliatorlelleesn: Fie nhew tr t of:thli iht If I~qunecslouslly urghlg into, shape is a Jeague al. small States, whose finltion It wtll be to delibe. r?tlo ulon the imap of the larg Statnles. "it Iss if tile oysters and tile ph rlels aondt tlhe sriimpa ,were, to enter, . Into it combination for parcel. fing out thelia dminidts of the Whslcoa"nnd tihe shirks, anti limitij tohe waters iui which they, should be at liberty to swim and, devour their iirey.': "Tie design t4ij? t? entitled to thie highest commendation oi the score of good intentions t but' in political lile good Intentions that are Intpraeti., eable `are usually found to hoimstMhievonts, and tills benevolent project certaitly does not promise ti be an exception. A Etrolesan Congrss without Englat.t, Pr ussiae, ttaa ? ind'i Austria, would very 'much rosealble Ilamlet, with,iot only. tie'y iPrnco dropped out, but the Ghost, tile Queen,. nIOiilOphehl, and nobody left'on tile stego but tie uuxillarlesl'und the wablling gohtletiten. Yet'this is.the expErimaent.tle Etpperor:is, Itentupon try, int. MI. Drouyn. do Lhoys has addressqetd iriular to the forelih oetithb of theo FReaiioh gdvern" aent. suggestiqg ia programmoe Tfor .rlbrigiog together tsulch of thle Poeurs. as unreservenly, ossnuted tbtlioe 'briginal proposal. This medioln( is confessedly. a' gathering of minor potentlals. iEven hI. Dronyn de .lleys does not nStach to it the weight, or importnnce, of a Europenil Conii gress,.but. thinks'.thaliat itlmaybe useful in an infelfor degree.. How1, he does not attempt to chow tinor .would it be easy tot discover In wlhat way ithe decisions, ortrecommendatlion, of such on, Ansembly.,could..exercise the stightest itnfluence upoi the conduoetof the great Powers. , That they may open up new': discords Is highly probtble. thl'e ntost insignificant. person posoteses'. more means of inflicting," Injury, th in. the ;'most pjowerfal person can command the means of lning good.i See what it is that tempts Spain illo lthecouncil of Sovereigns-tlhe hope of get. ling hack Gihraltar, which site is understood to be ready to demand.: Greece may go in from vanity or even more politic motives s but, whatever may bring her there, she will inevitably have some thling to say about Corfu. These are small things, no doubr, hot they are calculated to ruffle tile surface, atud to produce discussions that it would be more prudent to avoid. If this petty Congress cannot be productive of any actual results,=com. mon sense poinis out :te wisdom of suffering it to die a natural death. Moderation and Juetice are not Always sure of n successful hearing in populitr assembtles. Thlis fact has been signally illustrated at the recent meetings of the.Prussial and Austrian Assemblies when the question of Schiieswig and Holstein was brought forwhrd: To Tny that wa-ilie In stirriin limes very inadequately expresses tile turmoil around as; which would be much better described by saying.that.we live in: an ageg ofinexplieablo events. A little while ogo wea had the Prussian Chamber espousing the cause of reisoi and 'good faith, and thomnlilastry opposing athemtitnow we have the two bodies changing sides, and advocat,. ing exactly tie contrary principles. "It' is the. ltinister this time 'who defends the interests of truth and equity, and who exhibits au.spirit of mo'deration that contrrsts strongly wills the vio lenee of the Asapmnly. iThle 'irst step 'of the ihambcr was to'oarry a ,vote against the: ,Cabitete the object of which was, in undisguised terms, to deny that theo King of Denmark possessed any sovereign rights in either, Suhlecwiglor IHolstein, amounting in effect to a deliberate declaration.of th' independence of both Duciies; notlwitstanid" ing that their cases are cssentially different,- and that, whntever.jus:ification may exist for assert. ing the Gerniiaic trlditlovnsof liolsteir, 'ihone cabI be found for:relusiltg to acknowledge tLat.Schles.. wig is Donisal in grain and by all its historical antecedethls The Prlisian' minister, much te hisn credit,, took up wholly different, ground. He"o distinctly admnitted.that Prussia was bound by tihe treaty of 1852, enti that sli lon" as' Denmark fulfilled ,her "ngitgementorPrussia 'could not dib s tprb the.existing arranemetnt. But he was of dpinioit that Denmark i?ad noit'ke?t lher engage. ments, nd 'thai, therefore;, 'Federl xexecttloin. ouglt.to follow., -Counst elberg, in, !the ,Vienna Chlni?lier, 'tdk the eatmo view. Ais:rin, like L'russi,'wans bhond to'respret the titnty'; 'e,' ioo, was Denmark; andl if Denmrek faiie l.in her duties, Federal execution was the ob iouu remnedy. As to the AUgicsteaburg claim; neither minister gave it ihte slilghtestcountentice, and Count eebhherg went so far as to leave It to ba inferred rthlt hle utierly'boitdcmncd'the notibi'of enibrol1. leog Germany.in a war fortthe olevtiuenoltan I Prince , whose pretensiuns: were,; at (least, ex-. tremely'questiouable. The coursa,taken by Dettmark,;ender circus. stanoces which Ilight have Justified a declaration of war, bears out the anticipations we ?have ill' along ventured: to expresi; 'lthi the qurstlion'of the duchien might:ultimatelyhbe seitledbay krbi- I trtion;.' Instead of reslist fug hon pptiraobs of ;t h lFeeral troops, Denmark ihasqquietly recited ,heL fore them, andl Ithu put'lfhe FIeteral Diet in this wrong, or,s at all.eveilts, upon itl:dcfeder fi'ore' t lurolpe. Had a single shot been fired, the con. sequences must: hlive spireotd 'fasibeyonil tlioelooil boinds to w?ich Ithd +quarrel is stow nrrowed r and Denmark, judiciously following the advice of. 'her Allies, has secured their aid tliroullgh all futtir stnges of' theo ' comtppleatioln.' ;' Tliuo ""at-1 ter is no loigar tetween . DenmnaIk and Germany alone. It is felt that there has bee, a' moral !Inerpositllon whbich musta be heard out; and unless the. fnnatilelsm of, Germtan nationality be blind and deaf, there Is tno ground for despairingi'nfo iiieaceful termiisation. The i!lututin is, no doubt:.slorrounded by dlffimeultes.:' SFroli 'America i'o have.v6 t Preeid, atll Ailes sages, whlclaflesinlg alike wit tihe past' and the lfuture, ntight be e pected to afford a glhmpso into the inysteries of the conflict I but they really yield no Informaltionwitvitcli wve-vere tint in possession of hifore A Liverpool paper hsive had Just apprised us, ont "nutlority." tilatl.Erl Iussell was in re ceipt of:a despatch from Lordt Lyons to the effect that the war must le bIrought to a cnclusilon with it three 'mtouthi, the Confederntes Leilng so utterly reduced that ithejy werold i'shortly lie obltgeil tu she for an armistice, or, In other words to throtw down' their nrms, NIehhler oul the luss.ges confirtns tlis' starlling piece oflitellige?ie ' (In llthe cotray, it C ls'quite clear:thit neithler Mr. Linroln nor Mr. c D]avis conitemplate any terin tlioln of tlihe sll a Rglnary contest lshort of extersr isteio on one rideo t or the ,other. .Ir.. Lincoln eongratolater tihe eduntry . .on Itas . fitendly eraetlos withl gluiitd' atidt Frtaisce, nlnilluicea hils doter: mination to adhere to hlis l'mtancipatlon Procla 2 natlion as to the ululmalte prospecla of the wr. I Presidei'nD:tv(e cotimplains blttleriy of thed heli which Englahd and France, 'prticulnrly the for; tmer, have given to the North ender the disguiso of neutrality' allides with pride heavily- dashd ewith despondeony, to the courage'nnd patience of the people, and again 'calls on them eor ndditional moens to carry on 'the etruggle. 'There is' not' a' syllable Ihrelther of these atddreseseto' warrant Stihe supposition that an trmnistice Is int contemblan t ioi, or that we are a wit nearer td'ea' ott?idukon tiran we were twwo year itgo." -Winter alone se. pends the U(1li ng. The Federales ne s?id to. be' IiRino int'6 "tslner qitsiters ora Cihattanood.t;' Longstreet has' retired' from before "Knoxville, f tl is supposed to be on his way ito'jllit Lee In Virginia, ondlte two a'rmiesare motionless on the Rapiddn. 'Charlestown is Justifyin thei' oharacterofnitlpregnabllty ascribed to it by Presi.' dent'Doril. '' The Federals liaen brought all their skill to hear upon it without effect. Shots drop intrthe -eltyr-hit-do-o miscehief:'- ·It -lexactly as if the place here a 'charmed, life. Even tihe irtins oft;For Sumter cannot be token. ;,'he whole slege very much resembnles the exploit of the French KItgj"whd rode 'sle men somewhat ostentatiously up a hill, and then rode them down again.. ,r t: S'h .vitality pf tho Polish insurrectlon.is quite as remannrkable s;tthe ipextinguls'tblo ardour with I w h thlte American war ismnpntninpl .hyJ9th. hediiereetsl. 'Pii miniei force ot ti Rutssis army, the test gieoerals in tile service, ntnda systom, of1 terror worthy of the uot' harodrous ages l nolit oprite rule,,have totally failed, to subdue the spirit oT thIe Poles, or even, npparently,.to diini!sh very materlaily their fcrce 'it the'field. The National' Government hes' jitst iisued at proclaitiatiet it; which it deulnres tlat the insurrection is as vigor. puo is'ever, that all advers .reports ?rle'false, antit that t twill continue 'to be 'niaintained with in-. pressed energy., The fact is the Poles, like the Eighll at Waterloo, don't' know when they are hletet, and, in spite of their oppression'oud tlheir frl ndlesinesr, they are dtiily winning fresh vie tories. ''The worst of it is tllat,nthing can cowe pt'their triumphs. iissia can ifford to lose every fight until site shall have exhausted ler opponent, and then Poland must fall'frorn sleer failure of mneans.. The cause is hopeless. , Europe will do notlhig; and thile world Is doonmed to look on at lie destruction efn gallint people, without heing pble to interfere., In this case, as in a multitude of others, conventionnl c?alsderationts upersedle ithe demuads of humanity. The Pope, if lte annot govern the old Pontifical regions which have been absorbed into tile king Iloni'of Italy, is resolved at least to interfere with their government. .lie has latey.,nominated sn prclbishop and no less that.four bishotps in those districts wiliclh formerly belonged to IRome;:ald now helong to Italy, not only without ithe assent of the kbig, but ageinst his wishes,.. We shall be curious to' learn' how this trespass' will uIlt. InPtely end. When tllto`"bhbops comue to claim their sees, whtot will the people doP When the people repudiate the bishops, what will the bishops do P \hen the Pope excommunlcates the sees, htat will the seesdo And when the Kingissurs a prolcnmation denying the jurlidiction of the Pope, what will the Pope 'dlo i The Ihenth of the metropolis appears now to be ins highlly sitisfictory conJition., Theo deaths, last week, were 66 below those of ithweek before, antd 110 below those of the 10 years' average. 'r'he total numoer was 1357. 'There were 1927 births,, which is 110 above'tite 10 years' average. Jt eferring to the fight between King nnd.Hee., lnnl,.w hich, tookk: peine on 10th O December, the Times sa3 s:-'tTFle fight yesterday between Lee.. rIan and King terminared inlthe uoexpected'hut absolutedoleat of the former. It wou;d bedlifi. ; t c-ilt to describe how thoronghly popular antieipa. I' t on has been dislppotiled by this result. IThe sbuudest judgments and. the coolest calculations t Ioad settled beforehand that the American.,ould I s:oI fell to win. Not only were the ndvantnges ln betting wshollyupoit his saide' btt oven sile frlinds of Ihis antagonist acknowleedged by their dits, if ,not in words, a sense of inferiority." Thsf.Sun. day Times' of Dec. 18 o:serves as follows:"The, rresult of the conflict seeins to'luave surprised most ,pecople; the nmanner of it calls or some animal. I .version. That Iieenan swas faIrly beaton, there 'chn bie no doubt ; tlihat he fought in the highlest . ol irit of the ring nmay be disputed. It, seems to' have been his oaject to ie4pcneitate his'opponent for fighting, by' treating himl to the ' Farilboroughi ang' end throwing' him violently' totlte groti'd,, ;thuto imminlent hlezaoid nofhis' 'neck or his bhack.' bone. --'ihep'lu?ck"'with -'whiih Kiungsu'triineid tj~ese devices of the wrestler compels ndm'irtlon; ] tion; and ' that he was at last 'enabledi to triumph over them,, nttud to subdue tits fee by 'I onorahte' hitting will no dodbbt, be the' theme of general congraitulatidn .anoug hsleompnonioue Hetii detttet'ed~uitio-i t hIs duty with all evident conserlosness of au. s periroity;o .lli went about ilibktask of.l\e dey-in grand -lyoe?- llo:w na patient-to-begin,- Had lhe gained the victory, lthrejoicings of his parti sius would have bee'n 'ncn'triotihlable. ',lie Yan; kee, however, was'doomed to defli'st, and to a dec foet as tho(nogh aos ,was ever Inflicted upon thi competitor for a Iintni prize like that for which h?e nd his'nantagoeut 'so' furioesly-o"'id yet- wlith' puesc surprisiptl good htmnourr ,..t ended.. IWe, , will not rejoice over hlmitn ats hun i ;ation Pro. I bhhly he 'will 'inever a'gnai en'ter: the rig' elsos would we: recomticend himi toeibegin 'with, more. modesly ;to have more faith in slentce and less 1it, niee vulier flirce'; and 'whe liie professes to flght;' I to fghttuslug.only so much of the twrestler's' arti . me be necessary toqrhis proeoe'lun as a I Notice &ao; been given of et ittended apilicetion to I'Parlianent for an ?ct to co:struct a new bridge over' the 'TIhatma' betweed the 'Chelse'irailway t 'btidgo and FulhantJfor carringesanod foot pnssen. geres,forming a comnilunication betweenVanu.ts swortlh nd'Fulohimlliomn' the York Ro.ad on ithe Snrrey?side; to itltannnhi Ilond, Fulbam, on the ,ihiddlesex side.. It, is intended to, form several now ??t?ds itii conjuu ctioni with tli?bridge, oneo of which Willl exteTinl :to'thoe high' rend fromnt \\\'antdswortlt to Loudoo,.5nd the high road from Weanudswortlh to the new slnltion o the Crystal 1 Palae nit \V We.t'd ndritllny thod thte other trom' thuteritaonnaR;utd to Fulham., i·. . 