®/jje ^oáíjíimjjtou §uÜctin i CENTBÍL QUEESSLÍSI) AovErtrista. j j THCRSDAT, JCLÏ" 21, 1S64. Ir most occur to any reflective man, that tbe internal transport system of Queensland is conducted in a manner which entails the greatest possible in- convenience, delay, loss, and expense evils to be partially, if not entirely abolished, by the exercise of ordinary discrimination. The glaring inconsistency with: which that important branch of commercial routine-the carriage of stores up- country-is managed, equally pervades every class in the colonies. Squatters, storekeepers, and publicans, inharmo- niously follow in the same undeviating path of blind stupidity, and refuse with a persistence unaccountable in a matter so intimately connected with their own pocket«, to listen to the dictates of ex- perience. Ia a climate like that of Northern Queensland, where the seasons are so well defined, and January or February bring their floods, as regularly as July or August its frosts : one would imagine that the transit of heavy goods would be so carried on as to escape the dangers of travel in the wet season. Yet such is far from being the case, inasmuch as the traveller who has occasion to pass along any of the main routes will perceive in the depth of the rainv season numberless teams ploughing their way through abyss mal mud-holes, or the attempt at progress given up in despair, resignedly walting die advent of dry weather. Those engaged ia such a traffic can ; sneak more pertinently to its drawbacks than ourselves; but it is apparent to any one, that pecuniary loss and mental anxiety must occur to a large extent. Sven in the matter of wages and con- sumption of rations, no slight outlay is incurred, when, as was last summer the case on more than one occasion, fire month» have been consumed in a trip of 300 miles. But in addition to these positive and immediate losses, may be mentioned the sacrifice of cattle, the in- juries to drays, and the deterioration, if not positive destruction, of valuable goods and produce. The storekeeper's flour reaches bim suspiciously caked with mould, the squatter's wool soddened by rain, and not unfrequently a partial lamine is created by the tardy arrival of t-xpected rations. Discontent is engen- dered among subordinates, disgust among employers, distrust on the part of mer- chants, and disastrous consequences to the eolony in general. From December to February of 1803, a lively exemplification of inconsiderate traffic employment, was supplied by nearly every district of North Queens laud-notably on the Peak Downs, where a sudden increase of population largely augmented the demand for supplies. The history and effect of the various deficiencies are now patent to us, in the temporary high price« that ruled, tiie sickness that was engendered, the glut of consignments following with the re-opening of communication, and the i evil repute cast upon the go!d-field. I We are not about to prophesy a similar ! state of things for the ensuing wet j season, but we think its recurrence in a ! müder form by no means unlikely. The population at the gold-fields in that quarter is rigidly apportioned to thc available supply of water; and with the ! occurrence of appreciable rains, will be a palpable increase tn the amount of gold transmitted, and its iuentable sequence-a rush. Those who will take the trouble to estimate the weekly con- sumption of çoods by a resident population varying from 1000 to 2500, j will readily learn that the supplies seat I up, however great the present slut, can ! not long remain on hand. The next process in ratiocination will show that the want of remuneration which has attended late spéculations ia that field, ; truda to deter further ventures : so that, ! tn fact, within the next three months the «tores in baud will not be ! more than sufficient for weekly con- sumption. This brings us to November j -allowing barely time lor the provision of the wet »earou supplies ; and when wc reflect that for the four month« during which the roads are well-nigh im- passable au io creased number of month« nave to be provided for, there ia ampk cause lor apprehension that tbe suppl!et dispatched may fall abort In recommending, however, tht cartage of stores during tbe dry aeaaoc the foregoing arguments and illustration! a* cogently apply to tlie pastoral com- j mutiity ; and tu their case even embrace I a widèr signification. We venture to «tata, that indepen- dently of the vast saving to be effected, j direct communication with England is j collaterally connected with a uniform j transit of produce. Perhaps we shall be ; told, that it is impossible for «quat ter« to j accept our suggestions ; that toe time of j shearing varies so greatly iu different j localities as to militate against carry- ! ing out any disposition for a ! common agreement. Presuming such to i be partially the c**e, it is yet evident that from those stations with iii a reason- able distance of town, the wool might j arrive and tbe up-loading be received early in December, thus allowing from ! nine to eleven weeks for the journey : while with the remoter stations, it would be requisite to convey in one year the produce of its predecessor. The economy of such a course would be far : greater than may be apparent at first sight ; its difficulty of adoption trivial, and its advantages momentous. Could, for instance, an Emigration Agent bc assured that within certain months thc port of Eockhamptou would supply so ! many bales of wool, it would be perfectly legitimate and easy for him to time the arrival of one or more immigrant vessels within the period, thus supplying direct shipment and a personal selection of labour. We have dwelt upon the financial saving produced by carting in the dry .season ; we have to allude to one feature of the bush which militates against a trial of our suggestion by isolated mem- bers of the pastoral community. If A be known to have a well filled store, B, C, and D, his neighbours, procrastinate their orders for goods : preferring to trespass upon the proverbial hospitality of their class to emulating the fore- thought so advantageous to themselves. This too free use of good nature, would have to be thwarted, if it bc intended to mark the division of labour by the well defined seasons of this latitude. MB. SAMUEL CLARE, manager of the A. S. >*. Company, writes to Mr. Mills, the local agent, stating that the " Boomerang " had been de- tained several hours in anticipation of the arrival of the mail. He suggests that action should be taken bj the Rockhampton merchants to have boxes made up separately for letters intended for this port, as the Company would then fre- quently be enabled to forw ard the mails direct, instead of allowing them to be sent by way of Brisbane and thereby incurring considerable de- lay. At the time Mr. Clark was connected with the Xew Zealand trade, by his suggestion mi! ls were arranged for each province separately ; and if application were made, he thinks that a simi- lar favour would bc granted. We are aware that some objection has been raised to this sub. division of the Queensland mails by the Post- master-General in England, but since that time j the mail service of this colony has vasily in , creased, and probably if the request were re- newed the boon would be granted. At any rate j it, would be worth a trial. ] A telegram published in the S. 31. Herald of | the lah instant, states that the steamer " Yarra j Tarra" left Brisbane for the Northern Ports on j Tuesday the 12th instant. { The H. M. S. " Salamander* left Brisbane for \ Cape York on the 11th instant A proclamation ¡ has been issued by the Government cautioning j persons against going to the proposed seulement j at Port Albany. ! ¡ We learn from the S. Jf. Herald that the J steamer ?*Pioneer" has been purchased by Mr. . J. Bennett, and will be employed in the Fitzroy i I River between Rockhampton and Yaamba. \ THE ordinary fortnightly meeting of the ' Municipal Council takes place at eight p.m. this ) ; evening, at the Town Cierk'fc office. j I A HEETisc of the committee of the School | of Arts, couvened for lialf-psít «fen tïiis even- j ing, at the office of the Collector of Customs, has for its object the revival of that almost defunct institution, and as, even to secure the preliminary success of a quorum out of the seven members of the >-"7¡,ruiítee at present in town it is necessary thu! ¡lie should attend, we ' are desired to request the gentlemen concerned to respond to the invitation. Mr. John Douglas, all ignorant as he was of the desuetude into j wliich the School of Arts had fallen, spoke somewhat pertinently on the subject, and al- luded to the aid advanced by the Government j to private exertions for such an object. We are < not aware that a homily on the advantages of a School of Arts would conduce to dispel the fright I ful apathy locally prevailing in such matters, but we may poiat out that sui:h un institution serves i as a focus for the cultivation of the more re i fined sympathies, by supplying everything save j a disposition for mental cult ure. Epectation was greatly raised on Tuesday evening by the successive boom of two guns, the customary signal announcing the arrival of the English Mail. It being at once conjectured that the "Yarra Yarra," advertised to replace the "Clarence," had arrived, quite a crowd thronged down to the wharf, and no small tem- porary disappointment was experienced when it was found that the ''Star of Australia" was the unconscious origin of the error. The an- noyance, however, briefly gave way to pleasure at the re-commencement of the "Star's" trips and the direct communication with Sydney it was her province to carry out. Connected with [ tliis, moreover, a sensible reduction in the rate ! of fare* contributes materially to public satis- faction, and promises in aecordar.ee with tiie [ invariable law ruling such matters to in.-rease i the passenger traffic Vhf " Stet" landed a ! consignment of produce, much of which wu «old ! on the wharf yesterday, at prices which will duly ! be reported ¿sew here. AT the Acclimatisation Banquet recently held i in Melbourne, UK; bill of fare embraced as the ! sole Queensland contribution the not very ! luscious vam. A perusal of the strange comes I tibies accompanying this very harmless vege ( tañan product prompt* one to wish that the j work of arranging as varied a programme ! as possible might have been confided to some j enthusiastic blackfellow, io which case the ; cause of acclimatisation and the honour of the i colony could liav*. be*ro far better served. On ' such a supposititious view we might record in j unmistakeable £n£Üch lite prepaj-ati>m» from tl,i» j latitude worthy to rank with some of the f curious plâtm presqu u-d at the f*a*t alluded to. j Our sketch cf the local gifts, while deficient I in potage, save horse soup, (Looa n lo explorers,) [ would revel in re/a-for instance-a dugong ¡ with cobra grub sauce, a steak from a gavial, j and a cut from as alligator, mt h a flue guana, (ufuccountabiy omitted iii the Victorian rvrtr.) ! might sérvelo text the omnivorous capacities ot" J j acclimatising satans to the utmost extent, and j place thia coianv in the proud position of ¡furnishing the most omtrt of the dishes placed on the table. Surely Mr. Bernays waa deficient aa the occasion, and at any rate mizht j have sent a pot of Rosella Jain, or a fe«' J indigenous and naturally iu digestible nuts to ] crack for dessert. Til« "Ye«riio»" iran** the «barf st l i o'clock thia morning for a «eni^iicnic excwraioo up the river, and considering the novelty of tb* excur- sion, and the moderate price of » ticket, fire «iiilling», the public will, doubt!**», cordially ex- tend iu patronage to the movement. Th allay apprehension at to due provision af " refresh, menta,'* it «rill he sufficient t.i state, that Ur. WilloieU, of the Carcndon Hotel, ha* applied for a transfer of bia buena* to the boat for the day only, and promises the best of cheer at ËocLhampton pnce*, according to present ar- i rangement*, the hoar of return it fited for i 8 p.m., so lint in a very brief tun« we «rill be enabled to explore the stream as far as lite Reserve al least, and return in time for the cap which «heen, etc. We confess we look to tho result af the voyage aa developing matter* of more importance than a day'* successful jaunt and eliciting the capa- bility of the Fitrroy above the rock* for steam navigation. l'uWicâtJenlionbailongbocndirrctcd to the obvious advantage* of euell a mode of communication maintained at regular period*, but hitherto all attenpu to establish thc «ame have gone little further than discussion. The Ais.y. Co., once persuaded of the requirement* of euell a convenience, will not be slow to turn the occaaiou to the interest of their own pockets, and we may cordially add, tbe ntiefsc tion of this community. ABE we to have a Police Magistrate, and one tlioroughly efficient, or not? Ay, there'* the rub ! a* will, we fear, be ere long found out by several honorary dispenser* of justices' justice. The most inattentive observer of tue proceeding* in the 1'olioe Gmrt of Rockhampton cannot fail to have hi* attention attracted by the singular i ruling« recently adopted ia thst paradoxical quarter, and were it not that tho consequence* iurolved are far too serious for a je»', we would be tempted to laugh at the palpable absurdities committed in the name of lair. We could, if so disposed, point out one or two notable instance* of the above truth, but pending tbe result of thc ulterior proceedings tolerably certain to occur, we shall refrain from particularising. The duties of a Police Magis- trate at BockhampBjn are the more important tlisn those of an officer of tito «ame grade else- where, not only from the multiplicity of the business to be transacted, but also from the fact, tint the duties of a Government Resident and a Urge share of public influence are attached to the post. Vet we are permitted to remain months without the presence of such an adjunct to the administration of law and justice, a hile gentlemen holding merely an honorary appoint- ment are called from theirbusineg* to decide upon matters requiring a thorough cognisance of the legal code. The natural consequence is that people are chary of attending, and with the ex- ception of Government officers «rho ere forced to uttend, the charges of the great unpaid are delegated to it* wornt specimen*. In the very significant appeals of tile past few «reeks may be read the culmination of public discoutent with incompetence, aud it is aa unfair as un- reasonable to expect gentlemen, for the honour attached to the position, to incur the very ob- vious risk of adjudicating qpon case* demanding a professional acquaintance with legal technica- lities. TEE Rockingham Bay correspondent of the Port Denim* Tmet says:-Among the passen- gers by the " Melanie" was the Government Surreyor, Mr. M'Harg, and hi* party, commis- sioned to lay out our township ; and the cour- teous demeanour of that gentleman has given general satisfaction. It appears that the Go- vernment hare resolved to put up the land to auction in quarter-acre allotments, instead of half-acre, as formerly. What is the reason of this change it is hard to *sy, but at all events it* announcement here has mel with much dis- approval. A meeting was held to petition the Government for eu adheren-je to the erstem hitherto adopted in Queensland, many parties ' having made improvements to & large extent ] solely on the faith of being thus enabled to edcure half-acre allotments, which teemed to be ! the principle acted upon by Mr. Commissioner i Tully at the time of his laying out the first sec ; tiona. Petitions were at the «ame time adopted I praying that the eura of £20X1 might be placed I on the Estimate« for the improvement of the j road to the interior, and the sum of £1000 for ¡ the construction of a jetty, which is much re ¡ quired, as at present-unless during the spring ! tides-a vessel is unable to run on the beach to ! discbarge a cargo, and oin" lighterage acconimo ! dation is of a very meagre description. LAST Sunday (June 2f>) the signal " Schooner I from the North" was hoisted at the bamboo ' flijiiaff, and as no schooner was eipected from ¡ that direction, speculation was rife as to wi lat ! she could be. When she hove in sight she was ! recognised as the *. Melanie," and people were j then very anxious to know what liad brought i her back. The general impression was, that she j had on board the whole of the Rockingham Bay j pioneers, who were fleeing from what was re I ported to be a fever-stricken locality, and that I the new settlement was a failure ; and when Í she anchored, and one or two of the passengers stepped on shore, their appearance was certainly calculated to confirm that impression. But the majority, ineluirug the leader. Mr. Dalrymple, appeared in very good heilt h and spirits, and did not look as if they meant to give up the ghost or the settlement dither. Mr. Muller (our one gardener), wbo was as lively and quite as regardless of his personal appearance as ever, wai loaded with shields and paddles, rudely painted, huge wooden »words, dilly bags, Ac, spoil from the natives. His appearance caused both amusement and satisfaction, for during his absence vegetables of any kind were not to be had. We hope he has now given up roaming. It appears that Mr. Dalrymple and party had j proceeded some distance on their orerlaud ; journey, «hen they heard the " Melanie's " guns, which induce.! them to return to I he port. The vessel was chartered for Port Denison, and also to return to Bockiugh&m; Bay. Thc account of the settlement and the road to the interior, »iii, no doubt, be read with interest. It is for ' more satisfactory than was anticipated, in j fact quite couleur de rote.-Port Deniton Time: GsKDtSER's TRIAL.-In the Chief Justice's charge tn tho jury, the sentence " He would, however, go further than this, and »av thst if tiie attempt to arrest by Middleton had bern wrong, then the firing upou wad shooting him by the prisoner were suficient to justify Hosie in apprehending him." lt shouli hare been printed thus :-" Hist **/*«« the. attempt to «mes!, by Middleton bad been wrong, chen the firme," Ac. The position laid down being thai, if Jíiddleio* -wa» unjustifiably tired at and wounded, that aime was sufficient in itself, to justify Hosie in arresting the prisoner--s". e., for thai new felony, committed by bini ta Hosie'* own knowledge. In the closing sentence, «iso, it should hare been stated, that the summary of Gardiner*» offences, for which be ctuod commit- ted fur trial, and on two of which he had been tried at Goulburn, had been compiled hythe Chief Justice from iii* own stole» of the trials, and from the depositions-hi* Howr having himself been the presiding J udge 03 that occa- sion.-.Sf. Herald. 