THEATHE ROYAL. The Theatre was crowded last night by a numerous and fashionable audience to witness " Hamlet," performed for the farewell benefit of Mr and Mrs Charles Dillon, The appearance of this popular and accomplished actor was the signal for general, and prolonged applause, and be was more than once called before the curtain during the perfi\rmiintii> formanceot nt the llm piece nlona in answer ...... to .— similar :i demonstrations. In Mr Dillon's conception of this j.. fine creation of the Slinkesperian mind, the emotional ratlivr than the philosophical clement in the Danish prince is uppermost in his thoughts. The two first acts were carefully alid conscientiously performed. But it is unt until the third act that Mr. Dillon's peculiarity is revealed. The tenderness with which he surveys Ophelia in the midst of bis ravings about the " nunnery " and to which he gives extreme expression by dropping on his knees and fondly kissing her hand, is natural from Its * spontaneous appearance ; and his welcome to j S i l S l t ," e J nt £' r ' ha8 a carried out through alt its detailes with immense^ earnestness, and the burst of triumph in which it results is powerful in tbe extreme. In the "closet scene " with the Queen and the Ghost, Mr Dillon embodied the poeL's conception of this extraordinary iuterview with singular effect. With gaze fixed upon the semblance of his Father, nnreve.ileci to the guilty Queen of his "adulterous incestuous" murderer, Hamlet leads his mother round the apartment in a state of rapt attention, and the explosion with which he utters the words " Out at the portal," and sinks in a chair, exhausted with the mental strain, is terrific. Throughout the whole of {the act the actor lms more and more entered into the spirit of the scene, and here is his climax. Through the remainder of the drama the part assigned to Hamlet is EUBtaiiied with similar originality of thought and action. Mr Dillon ia deservedly popular in this character,and last night's performance abnndantly sustained his previous reputation aB an eminently original actor, true at once to Shakes- Pere and to art. Mrs Dillon's Ophelia was an exquisitely graceful performance. This ia a part exactly suited to her simple and unconventional style of acting. Her sweet voice and admirable pathos of gesture and tone lent an inexpressible charm lo the scene where Ophelia divides her flowersamongst the Court, after she has lost her reason. The whole part was carefully and artistically rendered, und won deserve ! ajiplause. In the afterpiece, as Gertrude, Mrs Dillon's acting and singing afforded a lively gratification to a well pleased audience. The customary ovation of a call before the curtain marked the conclusion of each piece. We close our notices of Mr and Mrs Dillon with sincere regret. And we believe the general gratitude and good.wishes of the public of Hohart To'vu will follow them to whatever new scenes they tuay visit, when tbey quit these shores, to afford fresh instruction and delight to tbe admirers of highly cultivated talents and true dramatic art. 