. TO THE INHABITANTS OF WIND30B. ran FJLVOÜB OF TH« EHPTOEI A ter; important event in tba - histor; of your town and district bsa lately bean brought abont. The days et lum- bering coaches are ' at an end ; a railway bringing yon into, frequent) end easy oommunica*.lon: with.the metro» polls baB been opened, and all that is needed to rehder your prettily 'situated town, the piotr. ,oi tho colony, the pride of New South Wale-, the delight of its inhabitants, and tbe Btopplng place of exeu eionlats, is effrr», oom» bined effort on your part. Aroa s o yourselves. Ba men of cotton. Up and be doing. Do not be sleeping, S JO the signs ol the times. Advjuooment ie the' order ivory* where-let it ba so with yon. If you want your town to gb ahead-Inoorporote. If you want increased oomfort Incorporate. ? If jon want Windsor to be yet more healthy-Incorporate. K you don't went to frighten \- visi'ora away Wlthyour iH.foimed atreeta ind foul amelia Incorporate. Unless you want your sister town with ber railway terminas, and dusty atrootp, and Btagnant waler,'and enclosed market-equare to eolipso 'you- In« corporate. If joudesiro a town reserve whore the town's, peopto ean nnjoy themselves and to provo attractive to visitors from-tho ovor crowded olly- Incorporate. : If you are at ali wishful that tbe beautiful river banka shall be made a delightful promenade, wbiob at present j aro defaced by heaps of rubbhh bîiog the receptacle lot leather parings and street (.weepings, and nothing J -better than on eye- aorc-Incorporate ¡ ¡ ,'.Your town is beautiful for'. situation ; Ibo diairlot ia " altraatlve ; tbe scenery ia grand ; bot tb natara! attrac- tion edd artificial - indaoiment-by incorporation. . Don't delay.. The.sooner the bat'.er. Toe Act may not be all that it oogbt to be; bat never mind. If there are defects tiere are many goad pointe. Legislators promise ito amend and improve, bat dap't|«ait for th at j Iacor. párate f and do it now. Yon will enhanoe the value of your properly. You will benefit the working dat Baa by giving .them employment., You will make your daily life .ll tho more ploaoaot. Yon will ba conferring a benefit -oo-yoar- iown, on your-country, on yonr townsmen, on your .children, end y aa wjll. only be doing what right, minded men ougbt todo-your duty, \-- Attempts have been made to establish a municipality before but.have tailed. Listen to argumenta t don't be led away by olap.trap. Ali (he incorporated towns in the eclony are visible proofs of the great good resulting (rona the Municipalities Ac'. : Yea must not let the ghosts of esaessiva rates frighten you into opposition. Thete are good men and. true, flt to be enUaatod with pivlo honours, and.who having astaka'in tbs town would.neror be suohasseBaa to tax themselves too heavily.. Above all, don't be influenced by physic, or wattlobatk, or colonial ale. - \- Yours resneotfully, A WELL WISHER. 