ELEANOR'S VICTORY. ?Y Till. AUTHOR OF LADY AUI)LEY'S BEI?CRT, &O.; CIIAPTER XLVI. GrILnu n Moncon offered Eleanor his arm as they went out of the hall and down the steps, beforo the front entrance. " I would have got a convoyance for you if it had been possible, Eleanor," he said; " but of course at this time of night that is utterly out of the question. Do you think that you can manage the walk homeo ?" " Oh, yes; very well indeed." She sighed as she spoke. Sith felt com pletely bellied by what had-occurred; terribly prostrated by the defeat which had befallen her. There was no hope, then. This base and treacherous man was always to triumph :'how ever wicked, however criminal. "Is it very late ?" she asked, presently. "Yes, very late-past one o'clock." The husband and wife walked homewards in silence: The road seemed oven drearier than before to Eleanor, though this time she lihd a companion in her dismal journey. But this time despair was gnawing at her breast; sihe had been supported beforo by excitement, buoyed up by hope. They reached Tolldalo at last. The butler admitted them. e10 had sent all the other servants to bed, and had sat up alone to receive his master. Even upon this night of bewilderment Gilbert Monckton endeavoured to keep up appearances. " We have been to Woodlands," he said to tihe old servant. " Mr. de Crespigny is dead." IHe had no doubt that his own and his wife's absence had given rise to wonderment in the quiet household; and ihe thought by this means to set all curiosity at rest. B)ut the drawing-room door opened while he was speaking, and Laura rushed into the hall. " Oh, my goodtlessgracioal," she exclaimed, " here you are at last. What I have suffered this evening! Oh! what agonies I have suffared this evening, wondering whaet had had happened, and thinking of all sorts of horrid things." "BDut, my dear Laura, why didn't you go to bed ?" asked Mr. Monckton. " Go to bedl ! " screamed the young lady. "Go to bed with my poor brain bursting with suspense. I'm areo if people's brains do burst, it's a wonder mine hasn't to- night, and I thought over so manny times it was going to do it. First Eleanor goes out without leaving word where slhe's gone; and then you go out without leaving word where you're gone; and then you both stay away for hours, and hours, and hours. And there I sit all the time watching the clock, with nobody but the Skye to keep mi compatny; until I get so nervous that I daren't look behind me, and I almost begin to feel as if the Skye was a demon dog ! And, oh, do tell me what in goodness' name has happened." "Come into the drawing'-room, Laura; and pray don't talIk so fist. I'll tell you presently." Mr. Monekton walked into the drawing room followed by Laura and his wife. He closed the dooir, and then sat down by the fire. " I've had coals put on five times," exclaimed Miss Mason; " but all the coals in the world wouldn't keep me fri'o shivering antd feeling as if somebody was coining in through the, door and looking over my shoulder. It it hadn't been for the Skyo I should have gone mad. What has happened ?" "Somnethinghas happened at Woodlands--" Mr. Monckton began gravely; but Laura interrupted him with a little shriek. "Oh, don't," she cried, " don't, please; I'd rather you didn't. I know what you're going to say. You must come and sleep with me to.night, Eleanor, if you don't want to find me raving mad in the morning. No wonder I felt as if' the room was peopled wtth ghosts." " Don't be foolish, Laura," Mr. Monckton said, impatiently. " You asked me what has happened, and I tell you. To speak plain, Mr. de Crespigny is dead." "Yes, I guessed that, of course; directly you began to speak in that solemn way. It's very dreadful-not that lie should be dead, you know; because I scarcely ever saw him, and when I did see him, lie always seemed to .be deaf, or grumpy-but it seems dreadful that people should die at all; and I always fancy they'll come waliking into the room at night when I'm taking my hair down before the glass, and look over my shoulder, as they do in German stories." " Laura !" "Oh, please don't look contemptuously at me," cried Miss Mason, piteously; "of course, if you haven't got nerves it's very easy to despise these things; and I wish I'd been born a man or a lawyer, or something of that sort, so thlit I might never be nervous. Not that I believe in ghosts, you know : I'm not so childish as that. I don't believe in them, and I'm not afraid of them ; but I don't like them !" Gilbert Monolkton's contemptuous expres sion changedl to a look of pity. This was the foolish girl whom he had been about to en trust to the man hae now knew to be a villain. He now know :-bah, he had paltered with his own conscience. He had known it from the first, And this poor child loved Launcelot Darrell. Her hopes, like his own, were ship. wrecked : even in the egotism of his misery the strong man felt some compassion for this helpless girl. "So, Mr. de Crespigny is dead," Laura said after a pause ; " does Launcelot know it yet?" "He does." " Was lie there to-night-up at Wood lands, in spite of his nasty old aunts?" "Yes, he was there." Eleanor look anxiously, almost piteously, at Laura. The great disappointment, the death blow of every hope, was coming down upon her; and Eleanor, who could see the hand uplifted to strike, and the cruel knife bared ready to inflict the fatal stab, shivered as sho thougbt of the misery the thoughtless girl must have to suffer. " But what can her mlisery be against my father's," sheao thought, "and how umn I uo countable for ber surrow, It li all LauaoeloI Darrell's work; it is his wicked work from first to last." "And do you think he will have the for tuno ?" Laura asked. " I don't know, my dear," her guardian answered gravely, " but I think it matters very little either to you or me whether he may got the fortune or not." "What do you mean ?" cried the girl, "thow strangely you speak; how cruelly and coldly you speak of Launcelot, just as if you didn't care whether he was rich or poor. Oh, good heavens," she shrieked, suddenly grow ing wild with terror, "why do you both look at me like that? Why (do you both look so anxious? I know that something dreadful has happened. Something has happened to Launcelot! It's not Mr. do Crospigny, it's Launcelit that's dend !" "No, no, Laura, he is not dead. It would be better perhaps if he were. lie is not a good man, Laurn, and he can never be your husband." " Oh, I don't care a bit about his not being good, as long as he isn't dlead," exclaimed Laura. "I never said he was good, and never wanted him to be good. I'm not good; for I don't like going to church throo times every Sunday. Tile idea of you saying my poor dear Lauicolot mustn't marry me because he isn't good ! I like him to be a little wicked; like the Giaour, or MIanfred-though goodness gracious only knows what he'd done that he should go on as he didl-I never asked him to be good. Goodness wouldn't go well with his style of looks. It's fair people, with wishy-washy blue eyes and straight hair, and no eyebrows or eyelashes in particular, that are generally good. I hate good people, and ifyoui don't let me marry Launcelot Darrell now, I shall marry him when I'm of ago, and that'llbe in three years' time." Miss Mason said all this with great vohbe mence and indignation, and then walked towards the door of the room; but Eleanor stopped her, and caught the slender little figure in her arms. " Ah! Laura, Laura," she cried, "you must listen to us; you must hear us, my poor darling. I know it seems very cruel to speak against the man you love, but it would be fifty times more cruel to let you marry him, and leave you to discover afterwards, when your life was linked to his, and never, never could be a happy life again if parted friom him, that he was unworthy of your love. If it is terrible to be told this now, Laura, it woul(l be a thousand times more terrible to hear it thee. Come with me to your room, dear; I will stay with you all to-night. I will tell you all I know about Launcelot Darrell. I ought to have told you before, perhaps; but I waited; I waited for what I begin to think will never come." "I won't believe anything against him," oried Laura, passionately, disengaging herself friom Eleanor's embrace; " I won't listen to you. I won't hoar a word. I know why y'ou don't want me to marry him. You were in love with him yoursaelf, you know you were, anl you're jealous of me, and you want to prevesnt my being happy with him." Of all the unlucky speeches that could have been made in the presence of' Gilbert Monck ton this was puerhaps the most unlucky. He started as if hie had been stnng, and risin"' from his seat near the fire, took a lighter candle from a side-table, and walked to the door. "I really can't endure all this," he said. "Eleanor, I'll leave you with Laura. Say what you have to say about Launceloc Dar rell, and for pity's sake lot me never hear his narne again. Good night." The two girls were left alone togetherb. Laura had thrown herself upon a sofa, and was sobbing violently. Eleanor stood a fewt pacosfromt her, looking at her with the same tendei and compassionate expression with which she had regarded her from the first. "When I see your troubles, Laura," she said "I almost forget my own. My poor dear child, God knows how truly I pity you." "But I don't want your pity," cried Laura... "I shall hate you if you say anything egainst Launcelot. Why should anybody pity me? I anm engaged to the man I love, the only man I ever loved,-- you know that, Eleanor; you know how I fell in love with him directly , he came to Hazlewood,--and I will marry' him in spite of all the world. I shall be of' ago in three years, and than no horrid l1 guardians can prevent my doing what Ii~ ike!" " But you would not marry him, Laura, ift you knew him to be a bad man ? " " I would never believe that he is a bad man!" "But, my darling, you will listen to me. I must tell you the truth. I have kept it from you too long. I have been very guilty' in keeping it from you. I ought to have told you when I first came back to T''olldale." " What ought you to have told me? I "lThe story of my life, Laura. But I; thought you would come between me and the viotory I wanted to achieve." " What victory ?" "A victory over the mani who caused my. father's death." Then, little by little, interrupted by a: hundred exclamations and protestations from? the sobbing girl whosoe hand lay on here, shoulder, and whose waist was encircled by1: her arm, Eleanor M\onckton told the story oa' her return to Paris, the meeting on the&t;, Boulevard, and George Vane's suicide. Littlh, by little she contrived to explain to thri w.retched girl, who clung about her, and whi declared again and again that she would not believe anything against Launcelot, that sh,'L. could not think him cruel or treacherous, hoaw the artist and his vile associate, Victor Bourdon, hadll cheated the old man out of thi noney which represented his own honour ani(' the future welfare of his child. " You think me hard and merciless, Laura, she cried, " and I sometimes wonder at mi own feelings; but remember, only remembi' what my father suffered. IHe was cheates out of the money that had beeni entrusted I' him. He was afriiid to tfce his own chi l;i: Oh, my poor dear, how could you wrong i so cruelly," she murmured in a low voice, if addressing her dead father, " how cou, you think that I should have spokeni one woar of reproach, or loved you any the lose, if vi had lost ia dozon fortmes of mine tNi' Laura, I canlot forget what im," fat.? sulffere d; I cannot be merciful to thi:? numa 1Eleaunor's task was a very hard o. J La. i would niot believe ; that in to say, sheo wevo, I not lcknowledge that she believel; but i had none of the ealni ussurancte which?i porfeoe and entiro feith in her lover hot i have given her. It was useless to reason with her. All Eleanor's logic was powerless against the passionate force of this girl's por petual cry, the gist of which was, "I will believe no harm of him I I love him, and I will not cease to love him!" " She would not argun, or listen to Eleanor's calm reasoning; for Mrs. ltonckton was very calm in the knowledge of her own defeat, almost despairingly resigned, in the idea that all struggle against Launcolot Darrell was hopeless. Laura would not listen, would not be convinced. The man whom Elennor had seen in Paris was not Launcolot. lie was in India at that very time. lie had written letters from India, and posted them thence, with foreign postage stamps. The ship broker's books were all wrong; what was more likely than that stupid shipbrokors' clerks should make wrong entries in their horrid books? In short, according to poor Laura's reasoning, Launcelot Darroll was the victim of a series of coincidences. There had happened to be a person who resembled him in Paris at the time of George Vane's death. There had happened to be a mistake in the shipbroker's books. The figure in the water coloured sketch that Eleanor had stolen happened to be like the old man. Miss Mason rejected circumstantial evidence in tote. As for the story of the forgery, she declared that it was all a fabrication of Eleanor's, invented in order that the marriage should be post poned. "You're very cruel, Eloanor," she cried, "and you've acted very treacherously, and I shouldn't have thought it of you. First you lall in love with Launcelot Darrell; and then you go and marry my guardian; and tIme, when you find that you don'tlike my guardian you begrudge me my happiness; and you now want to sot me against Launcolot; but I will not be set against him. There !" This last decisive monosyllable was uttered amidst a torrent of sobs, and then, for a long time, the two girls sat in silence upon the sofa before the expiring fire. By-and-by, Laura nestled her head a little closer upon Eleanor's shoulder; then a little hand, very cold, by reason of its owner's agitation, stole into the open palm lying idle upon Mrs. Mllonckton's lap; and at last, in a low voice, almost stifled by tonears, she murmured "Do you think that he is wicked? Oh I Eleanor, do you really think that it was he who cheated your poor old father ?" "I know that it was he, Laura." "And do you believe that he has made a falso will, for the sake of that dreadful money ? Oh, how could le care for the money, when we might have been so haplly together poor! Do you really believe that he has committed forgery ?" She dropped her voice to a whisper, as she spoke the word thatwas so awful to her when uttered in relation to Launcelot Darrell. "I believe it, and I know it, Laura," Eleanor answered, gravely. "But what will they do to him? What will become of him ? They won't hang him \--will they, Eleanor? ''hey don't hang people for forgery now. Oh, Eleanor, what will become of him ? I love him so dearly, I don't care what he is, or what lie has done. I love him still, and would die to save him." " Yda need not be afraid, Laura," Mrs. Monckton answered bitterly. "Launcelot Darrell will escape all evil consequences of what he has done. You may be sure of that. He will hold his bead higher than he ever heold it yet, Laura. ieo will be master of Woodlands before next week is over." " But his conscience, Eleanor,his oonscioace! He will be so unhappy-he will be so miser able." Laura disengaged herself from the loving arm that had supported her, and started to her feet. "Eleanor I" she cried, " where is he ? SLot sme go to him I It is not too late to undo all this, perhaps. lie can put bank the real will, can't heo? "No, the real will is lost." " IH can destroy the false one, then." "I don't think he will have the chance of doing that, Laura. If his heart is not hardened against remorse, he will have plenty of time for repentance between this and the time when the will is read. If he wishes to undo what he has done, lie may make a con fession to his aunts, and throw himself upon their mercy. They are the only persons likely to be injured by what he has done. :ihe money was left to them in the original will, no doubt." "'He shall confess, Eleanor !" cried Laura. "I will throw myself upon my knees at his feet, and I won't leave him till he promises me to undo what he has done. His aunts will 'keep the secret, for their own sakes. 'They wouldn't like the world to know that their nephew could do such a wicked thing. He shall confess to them, and let them have the fortune, and then we can be married, and ~hen we shall be as happy together as if he bad never done wrong. Let me go to him." " Not to-night, Laura. Look at the clock." Eleanor pointed to the dial of the timepiece opposite them. It was half-past two o'clock. \- I will see him to-morrow morning then, Eleanor. I will see him." "You shall, mi dear; if you think it wise or right to do so.' But Laura Mason did not see her lover the next morning; for when the morning came, she was in a burning fever, brought on by the egitation. and excitement of the previous night. A medical man was summoned from Windsor to attend upon her; and Eleanor sat by her bed- side, watching her as tenderly as a mother watches her sick child. Gilbert Monckton, too, was very anxious about his ward, and came to the door of Laura's room to make inquiries many times in the course of that day. XLYVl. Laura Mason was not dangerously ill. Her malady was by no means of a serious nature. The pink-blossom tint of her cheeks was intensified into vivid carnation; the turquoise `blue eyes shone with a feverish light; the little hands wore very hot and dry. It was in vain that the physician from Windsor pro scribod composing draughts. His patient twouhl not be quiet or composed. In vain ?Eleanor triod to soothe the wounded spirit, tit would not be at rest. "It's no use, Nelly," the invalid cried, aimlmatiently. 1'' must talk of himn; I estal tallktlt' lily sorrI'(IWs, unalous you want lis to go ulad, ()b, Iny puIo Lanucelot I my Uwn drear Lanmulut I how cruul it is to jkeep itu , limsn )-oi I " u 'tl'li was the worns l Ipu ' of tI blujituse. tPouor Laure was pm'rpjteully entlrnltinK to b? i, allowed to sooee Launoolot. Would they lot I her go to him; or would they send and nask 1 him to come to her? They were the most cruel and heartless creatures, if they could reftise to lot her see him. But Eleanor did rofulse. "It is impossible, my darling," 'she anid; "I cannot sencd for him. It is quite im possible that hie and I should ever meet again, except as enemies. The will must be read in a few days. Lot ius wait till then. If Launcolot Darrell is sorry for what he has dlone, ho will try to undo it. If he is not i sorry, and takes possession of the estate upon the strength of a forged will, lie must be a villain, unworthy oven of your pity Laura." " But I do pity himn; and love him." It was strange to seeon what a hold this un happy affection had taken upon Laura's shallow nature. This frivolous girl was as impressionable as she was volatile. The blow was more terrible to liher than it would have been to a woman of higher and grander nature; but to suanh a woman the conse quences of the blow would be, perhaps, lifeo-long, while it was scarcely likely that Laura would suffer for ever. She did not try to endure the grief that had fallen upon her. She was entirely without pride; and had no more shame in bemoaning her loss of Launcolot Darrell, than she would have had fifteen years before in crying over a broken doll. She did not care who know her sorrows, and would have made a confidante of the servant who waited upon her, if Eleanor had not interfered to prevent her. " I'm very miserable and wretched, Jane," she said, while the girl was smoothing her pillowe, and arranging the tumbled bed clothes, which had boon twisted into more wisps of linen by the perpetual tossings to and fro of the invalid. "I'm the most miserable creature that ever was born, Jane, and I wish that I was dead. I know it's wicked, but I do. What's the good of Dr. eanthorstono prescribing for me, when I don't want to be proscribed for ? What'sthe good of my taking lime-draughts, when I'd much rather die? What's the use of those horrid opiates, that taste like stale London porter? Opiates won't give me back ,anoe-" She stopped abruptly at this point, checked by a warning look from Eleanor. " You must notspeak of Launcelot Darrell to those people, Laura," Mrs. Monckton said, when the servant had loft the room, " unless you want them to suspect that something strange has happened." "But they'll know it, if my wedding is put offl? " "Your guardian will explain all that, Laura." Miss Mason bemoaned liher fate even more piteously than before. "It's hard enough to be miserable," she cried, "but it's still worse to be miserable, nod not to be allowed to say so." " Many people have sorrows to endure that cannot be spoken of," Eleanor answered, quietly. "I had to bear the sorrow of my fither's death when I dared not speak of it." Mrs. Monckton saw very little of her hus band during the few days of Laura's illness. She only saw him, indeed, when lhe came to the door to make inquiries about his ward: but even in the few brief sentences exchanged by them, she could perceive that his manner was altered towards her. -Ie had been cold and distant for a long time since their marriago; but now his manner had the icy reserve of a man who feels that he has been wronged. Eleanor comprehended this, and was sory for it; but she hbad a dull, hopeless feeling that nothing she could do would alter it. The great purpose of her life had failed; and she began to think that no thing but failure could come to any hope of hers. This feoling separated her completely from her husband. In her ignorance of the sus picions which tortured him, she could of course make no effort to set him right. The girl's innocence and the man's pride made a Mulf that no power of affettction could pass. "If Eleanor could have guessed, over so vaguely, at the cause of her husband's reserve, a few words from her might have melted the ice; but she had not the faintest notion of the hidden source from which came those bitter waters that had swept away all outward tokens of her husband's love; and those words remained unspoken. Gilbert Monekton thought that if his wife was not false, she was at least indifferent; and he bowed his bead before the gloomy face of his destiny. " I am not to be loved," he said. "Good by once more to that dream. And let me try to do my duty, and be in some way use ful to my fellow-creatures. Half my life has been swallowed up by egotistical regrets. May God give me grace to use the remnaut of it more wisely." lIe had told Eleanor that as soon as Laura was a little better he should take her to the seaside. "The poor child cannot remain here," he said, "every gossip in the neighbourhood will be eager to know why the wedding is postponed; and unless we assign some simple reason for the change in our arrangements, there will be no limit to people's speculations and conjectures. Laura's illness will be the best possible excuse; and I will take her to the south of France. She may forget Launcelot Darrell by-and-by, when she finds herself in a strange place, surrounded by now associations." Eleanor eagerly assented to this. " Nothing could be wiser than such an arrangement," sheo answered. "I almost think the poor girl would tio if she remained hero. Everything reminds her of her dis appointment." "Very well, then, I shall take her to IN ice as soon as she is well enough to go. Will you tell her that I mean to do so, and try and make her feel some interest in the idea of the change?" Eleanor Monckton had a very hard time of it in the sick room. Those frivolous people who fool their misfortunes very acutely for the time being, are apt to throw a heavy share of their burden upon the shoulders of their friends. Laura's lamentations wvre very painful and not a little monotonous to hear; and there was a great deal of hard work to be done in the way of going over the matne ground ngnit ttnd 'anin, fll' that young ls"ly'sl ntulltitilh i, Ijse hud lIino ida o ta01o11. ing' hr foild to the wmall anl unlli'brig il silence, lHer 5tunnut' Itah i n5 oil that artilicin a l nllt which uftInlll enII1 olllln a l illn ? to tlbou whot wimtclehj belovedl aulibrr thrlough nomieu itrrible cr1itn, JEvnrythhbl rtututlaeld her of her grief; and shll' would not be cou rageous enough to put away the things that recalled her sorrows. She could not draw a curtain over the bright picture of the past, and turn her face resolutely to the blank future.. She was for ever looking back, and bowniling the beauty of that vanished hope, and insisting that the dream palace was not utterly ruined; that it might be patched up again somehow or other; not to be what it was before, that was impossible, of course; but to be something. The broken vase could surely be pieced together, and the scent of the faded roses would hang round it still. " If he repents, I will marry him, Eleanor," she said, at the end of almost every argu ment, "and we will go to Italy and bo happy together, and he will be a great painter. Nobody would dare to say he had committed a forgery if he was a great painter like Hol man Hunt, or Mr. Millais. We'll go to Rome together, Nelly, and he shall study the old masters, and sketch peasants from the life: and I won't mind even if they're pretty; though it isn't pleasant to have one's husband always sketching pretty peasants; and that will divert his mind, you know." For four days Laura was ordered to keep to her bed, and during that time Eleanor rarely quitted the invalid's apartments, only taking brief snatches of rest in an easy chair by the fire in Laura's dressing-room. On the fifth day Miss Mason was allowed to get up, and then there wore terrible scenes to be gone through; for the young lady insisted upon having her trousseau spread out upon the bed and the chair, and the sofas, and hung upon every available peg in the two rooms;. until both those apartments became a very forest of finery, about which the invalid prowled perpetually, indulging in a separate fit of weeping over each garment. "Look at this darling parasol, Nelly," she cried, gazing at the tiny canopy of silk and whalebone with streaming eyes; "isn't the real point lace over tile pink silk lovely ? And then it's so becoming to the complexion, too I Oh, how happy I thought I should be when I had this parasol. I thought I should drive on tihe Corso with Launcelot, and now----! And the violet satin boots with high heels, Nolly, made on purpose to wear with my violet-silk dress, I thought nobody could he unhappy with such things as those, and now " Every speech ended in fresh tears, which sometimes trickled over a shining silken gar ment, and flecked the lustrous fabric with spots of water that took the brightness out of the splendid hues. "To think that I should be so miserable as to cry over silk at nine and sixpence a yard, and not to care !" exclaimed Laura Mason; as if, in these words, she described the highest anguish-point that human misery can reach. She had a few presents given her by Lanucolot, theoy were very few, and by no means valuable, for Mr. Darrll, as we know, was essentially selfish, and did not care to spend his small stock of money upon other people; and she sat with these trifles in her lap for hours togother, lamenting over them, and talking about themorn. "There's my silver thimble, spy dear, darling little silver thimble," she said, perch ing the scrap of glistening metal upon her little finger, and kissing it with that degree of rapture which the French vaudoville-ists call " explosion !"-"that nasty, spitefull Amelia Slalders said a silver thimble was a vulgar present, just what a carpenter, or any other common man, would have given to his sweetheart, and that Launcelot ought to have given me a ring or a bracelet, as if he could go buying rings and bracelets without any money. And I don't care whether my thimble's vulgar or not, and I love it dearly, because he gave it me. And I do lots of needlework for the sake of using it, only I never could learn to use a thimble-quite. It always seems so much easier to work with out one, though it does make a hole in the top of one'; finger. Then there's my tablets! Nobody can say that ivory tablets are vulgar. My darling little tablets, with the tiny, tiny gold pencil-case,"-the gold pencil-case was very tiny,-" and the wee mite of a turquoise for a seal. I've tried to write 'Launcelot' upon every leaf, but I don't think ivory tab lets are the very nicest things to write upon. One's writing seems to slide about somehow, as if the pencil was tipsy, and the lines won't come straight. It's like trying to walk up and down the deck of a steamer; one goes where one doesn't want to go." The bewailings over the trousseau and the presents had a beneficial effect upon the heart-broken invalid. On the evening of the fifth day her spirits began to revive a little; she drank ten with Eleanor at a table by the fire in the dressing-room, and after tea tried on her wedding bonnet and mantle before the cheval glass. This performance seemed to have a pecu liarly consoling effect; and after surveying herself for a long time in the glass, and lamenting the redness of her eyelids, which prevented full justice being done to the beauty of the bonnet, ?iiss Mason declared that she felt a great deal better, and that sho had a presentiment that something would happen, and that everything would come right some how or other. As it would have been very cruel to deprive her of this rather vague species of comfort, Eleanor said nothing, and the evening ended ahnlmost cheerfully. But the next day was that appointed for Mr. de Crespigny's fituneral and tshe reading of the will; and Laura's anxiety was now really greater than it had over been. She could not helpl believing Eleanor's story of the forgery, though she had struggled long against the conviction that had been forced upon her; and her only hope was that her lover would repent, and suffer his aunts to inherit the wealth which had been no doubt bequeathed to them. Frivolous and shallow as this girl was, she could not fobr a moment contemplate marrying Launcelot ulnder any other circumstances. She could not think of' sharing with him a fortune that had been gained by fraud. "I know he will confess the truth," she said to Eleanor, upon the morning of the flineral; "ho was led into doing wrong by his friend, that wicked Frenchman. It was only the impulse of the nsmomnet, lie lis boon sorry over since, I ldare aay. lie will undlo whalt b u i s , donu," " 'iht if thei real will iras bsee dtsltroyi ?" o 'l'utt his4 two Iaiunts tetiIIs tb t l eoster wnild thlrels tha trntl+s btitwens thliln, Ml)' IIIrds1i 1id uis mai ltsu other diay when i skited htlu esolsses suasti abes tlllet foltu ill, And ihe told LJaunsulot the aeutu 1tins1 that daly in the library, when they had the conversation about my fortune." If Laura was anxious about this eventful day, Eleanor was anxious too. It was a new crisis in her life. Would Launcolot Darrell attempt to restore himself to the position lihe had occupied before the night of his uncle's death, or would he hold to that which lie might acquire by his deliberate fraud, and remain a hardened and impenitent criminal, defiant of the law lie had outraged ? CIIAPTEIR XLVIIT. Gilbert Monckton went up to Woodlands immediately after the fineral, in order to be present at the reading of the will. ie felt that he had a right to see the end of this business, in which his wife had played so ex traordinary a part. The will was to be read by Henry Lawford's clerk, in the sitting room, or study, which Maurico de Crospigny had occupied for many years before his death. There were a great many people who, like Gilboert Monckton, thought they had a right to be present upon this occasion; people who had been kept out of the old man's house by the rigid watchfulness and the inflexible will of the two maiden ladies for the last twenty years or so, but who were freely admitted now, as no longer capable of doing mischief. All manner of distant relationships, so remote as to be anldst untraceable, came to light upon this occasion: cousins, by marriage; sisters-in-law of dead first cousins, once removed ; widowers who attached themselves to the house of Crespigny by right of de parted wives; widows who dleclared them solves near relations on the strength of claims held by defunct husbands; poor connexions who came on foot, and who were so poor that it was really an impertinence in them to ex pect the smallest legacy; rich connexions who came in splendid carriages, and who seemed even more eanger for any stray twenty pounds for a mourning ring, that might be set against their names, than the poorest of the brotherhood. And indeed these owners of splendid carriages might have been needier than the dusty and weatherbeaten pedes trians; for when people try to make fifteen hundred a-year to do the work of three thousand, every accidental twenty pounds is a God-send to them. However it might be, everybody in the Woodlands drawing-room upon that particular morning was influenced by the same feeling, a compound sensation of hope and distrust, expectancy and despair. Surely there could never befbro have been so many eager faces assembled together in the same small space. Every face, young" or old, handsome or ugly, aristocratic or plebian, wore the same ex pression; and had thus a common likeness, which bore out the idea of some tie of rela tionship binding the whole assembly. Every one regarded his or her neighbour as the possible inheritor of something worth having, and therefore a personal enemy. Smiling relations were suspected of being ac quainted with the contents of the will, and secretly rejoicing in the certainty of their own names being pleasantly mentioned therein. Frowning relations were looked at darkly as probable arch- plotters who had worked upon the mind of the dead man. Diffident rela tions were feared as toadies and sycophants, who had no doubt plied Mr. do Crespigny with artful flatteries. Confident relations were dreaded as people who perhaps had some secret claim upon tile estate, and were silently gloating over the excellence of their chances. Every one of those outsiders hated each other with vengeful and murderous hate; but they all sympathised in a far deeper hatred of the four favourites for these great legacy stakes, the two maiden ladies, Mrs. Darrell, and her son. It was almost certain that one or other of these four people would inherit the Woodlands property, and the bulk of the dead man's fortune ; unless, indeed, by one of those caprices common to eccentric valetudinarians, he should have left his wealth to some distant connexion, who had been too proud to toady him-and had moreover never had the chance of doing so. Yes, the three nieces and Launcelot were the first favourites in this eager race; and the outsiders speculated freely amongst themselves as to the chances and the condition of these four fortunate creatures. And if the outsiders hated each other desperately for the sake of very small chances, bow much more desperate must have been the feelings of these four who were to enter for the great stake. Launcelot Darrell met Mr. Monckton this morning for the first time since that strange scone upon the night of Maurice de Cres pigny's death. The young man had called at Tolldalo Priory during the interval, but both the lawyer and his ward had been denied to him. Perhaps amongst all those assembled in the chamber which had so lately been tenanted by the dead man, there was not one more painfully anxious than Gilbert Moncliton, into whose mind no mercenary thought had over entered. It was in the hope of seeing' his wife justi fied that Mr. Monckton had come to Wood lands upon this day. He had brooded over Eleanor's denunciation of Launcelot Darrell perpetually during the week that had elapsed since the old man's death; but the more he pondered upon that passionate accusation the more bewildered and perplexed he became. Lot it be remembered that he was a man whose nature had been rendered jealous and suspicions by one cruel deception which had embittered his youth and soured a generous disposition. His mind was penetrated with the idea that Eleanor had never loved him, and that she had loved Launcelot Darrell. This belief was the tormenting spirit, the in sidious demon which had held possession of his breast ever since his brief honeymoon on the northern coast. lie could not dismiss it all in a moment. The fiend was in possession, and was not very easily to be exorcised. That vehement denunciation, that passionate accusation which had rushed, impetuous and angry, from Eleanor Monckton's lips, might be the outburst of a jealous woman's fury, and might have its root in love. Eleanor had loved this young mai, and was indignant against hIin for his iutended marriange with Laura, If the desiro to avenge her father's detath had alon e atuated her, surely this pnsilonato girl would hlvo spoken before now, It was thug that Oilhbrt Monclttoi arKued, IN dhlil not It(Iow how e?ger Elueaor lind hiit Ii punkillf, iltd low ill Jhald silonly l btan hel blich by Ithie wshillv whledioi olt' J1luluerdi ' lusniitun, i IHow sliostl I InUow thi lun.ir trial 4o )itliuttuit, 1li1 hlthe i' Airti`giu ln iitweuti the i'oipallgi "s pojtlutsi nitd Ol u ould urgii. Wouts of poully wblol I e wlle hud .tdl i1llrd IHe knew nothing except that something some secret-some master passion-bad ab. sorbed her soul, andi separated her from him. lIe stood aloof in the dead man's study while Mr. Lamb, the clerk, a grey-haired old mnan, with a nervous manner and downcast eyes, arranged his papors upon a little table tear the fire, and cleared his throat prepara oryv to commencing the reading of the will. ''here was an awful silence in the room, as if everybody's natural respiration had been suspended all in a moment, and then the -lerk's low voice began very slowly and hesitatingly with the usual formula. i" I, Maurice de Crespigny, beiog at this time," &c.;, &e.; The will was of some length, and as it began with a great many insignifi cant legacies, mourning rings, snuff- boxes, hooks, antique plate, scraps of valuablo china, and small donations of all hinds to distant relations and friends who had been lost sight of on tile lonely pathway along which the old man had crawled to his tomb under the grim guardianship of his two warders - the Iatients of the chief expectants was very sorely tried. But at last, alter modest little annuities to the servants had been mentioned, the important clauses were arrived at. To every one of the three sisters, Sarah and Lavinia de Crespigny and Ellen Darrell, the testator bequeathed money in the funds to the amount of two hundred a-year. All the "rest and residue" of his estate, real and personal, was left to. Launcelot Darrell, absolutely, without condition or reserve. The blood rushed up to the widow's face, and then as suddenly receded, leaving it ghastly white. She helt out her hand to her son, who stood beside her chair, and clasped his clammy fingers in her own. "Thank God," she said in a low voice, "you have got your chance at last, Launcelot. I should be content to die to-morrow." The two sisters, pale and venomous, glareds at their nephew. But they could only look at him. They could do nothing against him. He had won and they had lost; that was all. They felt strange buzzing noises in their ears, and the carpeted floor of the room seemed reeling up and down like the deck of a storm-test vessel. This was all they felt just at present. The shock was so great that its first effect was only to produce a kind of phy sical numbness which extended even to the brain. I don't suppose that either of these elderly aIndies, each of whom wore stuff shoes and crisp little curls of unnaturally brown hair upon her forehead, could, by any possibility, have spent upon her own wants more than a hundred pounds a-year, nor had either of them been accustomed to indulge in the sweet luxury of charity ; they were neither generous nor ambitious. They were entirely without the capacity of spending money either upon themselves or on other people, and yet they had striven as eagerly for the possession of this fortune as ever any proud, ambitious spirit strove for the golden means by which he hoped to work his way upon the road that leads to glory. They were fond of money; they were fond of moneyper se; without reference to its uses, either noble or ignoble. They would have been very happy in the possession of their dead kinsman's fortune, though they might have gone down to their graves without having spent so much as the two hundred a-year which they received by this cruel will. They would have hoarded the government securities in an iron safe; they would have added interest to principal ; they would have nursed the lands, and raised the rents, and been hard and griping with the tenants, and would have counted their gains and calculated together the increase of their wealth; but they would have employed the same cobbler who had worked for them before their uncle's death ; they would still have given out their stuff shoes to be mended; and they would have been as sharp as ever as to an odd six pence in their dealings with the barber who dressed the crisp brown curls. Launcelot Darrell kept his place beside his mother's chair though the reading of the will was finished, and the clerk was folding the sheets upon which it was written. Never had any living creature shown less elation than this young man did upon his accession to such a very large fortune. M1r. Monckton went up to the little table at which the lawyer's clerk sat, folding up the papers. ? ill you let me look at that will for a moment, Mr. Lamb ?" he asked. The clerk looked up at him with an ex pression of surprise. " You wish to look at it?-" he said, hoesitating a little. "Yes. There is no objection to my doing so, is there? It will be sent to Doctors' Commons, I suppose, where anybody will be able to look at it for a shilling." The clerk handed Gilbert Monckton the document with a feeble little laugh. " There it is, MIr. MIonckton," he said. "You remember your own signature, I dare say ; you'll find it there along with mine." Yes, there was the signature. It is not a very easy thing for the cleverest man, who is not a professional expert, to decide upon the authenticity of his own autograph. There it was. Gilbert Monckton looked at the familiar signature, and tried in vain to find some flaw in it. If it was a forgery, it was a very skilful one. The lawyer remembered the date of the will which he had witnessed, and the kind of paper upon which it had been written. The date and the paper of this cor responded with that recollection. The body of the will was in the hand writing of the clerk himself. It was written upon three sheets of foolscap paper, and the signatures of the testator and the two wit nesses were repeated at the bottom of every page. Every one of tile three nuto graphs differed from the others in some trifling point, and this circumstance, small in itself, had considerable influenco upon Gilbert Monokton. " If this will had been a forgery, prepared by Launcelot Darrell, the signatures would have been fec-similes of each other," tlhought tlre lawyer; "that is a mistake which forgers almost always full into. ''hey forget that a man very rarely signs his namo twice nliko, 'They get hold of one autograrph and storso. typle it." WhaVlrt was Ie to thlink, then? If this will was genuirnel, Elrannor's eceronstlon turet rbe is falsldrl , l iCould I?he buihle thin, (roulid hr bulivn thlt hile with war i Jnihorns und vhia. dlirrlv weurnn, unilp lre of InventIng It Iis in ruelr to revsr ng haralllf Uspnr sh hJnlisllty os thbo utrln si hlad ledvl, To bulluve asl would bu most ovoerloting rsneery. Yet how could Gilbert Mlonckton think otherwise, if the will was genuine? Everything hinged upon that, and every proof was wantin, against Launcelot Darrell. The housekoeperl Mrs. Jepcott, declared most distinctly that nobody had entered the dead man's room or touched the keys upon the table by the bed. This alone, if the woman's word was to be depended upon, gave the lie to Eleanor's story. But this was not all. The will was in every particular the very opposite of such a will as would be likely to be the work of a forger. It contained legacies to old friends of the dead man whom he had not himself seen for twenty years, and whose very names must have been unknown to Launcelot Dar. rell. It was the will of a man whose mind lived almost entirely in the past. There was a gold snuff-box bequeathed " to my friend Peter Sedgewick, who was stroke in the Magdalen boat at Henley-on-the-Thames, fifty-seven years ago, when I was six in the same boat;" there was an onyx shirt-pin left "to my old boon companion Henry Laurence, who dined with me at the Beef. steak Club with George Vane and Richard B3rinsloy Sheridan on my birthday." Thd. will was full of personal recollections dated fifty years back; and how was it possibld that Launcelot Darrell could have fabricated' such a will; when by Eleanor's own ad. mission he had no access to the genuine document until he came to substitute the forgery after his uncle's death ? The forgery must therefore, Gilbert Monckton argued, have been prepared while the young man was in utter ignorance as to the tenor of the actual will, according to Eleanor's story ; and this, the lawyer reasoned, was proof conclusive against his wife. Launcelot could not have fabricated such a will as this. This will, therefore, was geni. ine, and Eleanor's accusation had only beeno prompted by a sudden burst of jealous rage, which had made her almost indifferent to consequences. MIr. Monckton examined the signatures again and again, and then, looking very sharply at the clerk, said, in a low voice "The body of this will is in your hand. writing, I believe, Mr. Lamb?" "It is, sir." "Can you swear that this is the genuine document; the same will which you wrote and witnessed ?" "Most decidedly," the clerk answered, with a look of astonishment. "You have no suspicion whatever as to its authenticity ?" "No, sir, none I Have you any suspicion, Mr. Mlonckton," he added, after a moment's pause. The lawyer sighed heavily. " No," he said, giving the paper back to the clerk; "I believe the will is genuine." Just at this moment there was a stir in the assembly, and Gilbert Monckton turned round to see what was taking place. It was Mrs. Jepcott, the housekeeper, who was saying something to which everybody listened intently. The reason of this attention which the housekeeper's smallest word received from every member of that assembly, was the fact that she held a paper in her hand. Every eye was fixed upon this paper. It might be a codicil revoking the will, and making an entirely new disposition of the property. Faint streaks of red began to light up the wan cheeks of the two old maids, and Launcelot Darrell grew more livid than death. But it was not a codicil; it was only a letter written by Maurice do Crespigny, and addressed to his three nieces. "The night before my poor dear master died," the housekeeper said, "I was sitting up with him all alone, and he called me to him, and he told me to fetch him his dress ing-gown, which he had been wearing all through his illness, whenever he sat up; and I fetched it; and he took a sealed letter out of the breast-pocket, and he said to me, 'Jepcott, when my will is reoad, I expect my three nieces will be very much disappointed and will think I have not treated them fairly; so I've written them a letter begging them not to be angry with me after I'm dead and gone: and I want you to keep it, and take care of it, until the will has been read, and then give it to my eldest niece, Sarnah, to read aloud to her two sisters in the presence of everybody. And this is the letter, Miss," added Mrs. Jepcott, handing the sealed letter to Sarahde Crespigny. "Thank God i " thought Gilbert Monckto, "I shall know now whether the will is genuine. If it is a fabrication, this letter must bring detection upon the forger." (To be contiutesd.) 