Q itro{1 an_(iltra~ct5_ AN AUDIBLE; WITNESS. Sosl yearatigo Lord ' was presiding at a circuit trial in Glasgow,,where several fe males were, in succession, examined as wit nesses. Whether it arose from their unusual exposure in the witness-box (a square struc t"re in centre of the court haill. and elevated considerably above the floor), from fear of being luaghed at, or from whatever causes certain it is that they -pokte in suhe low tones that the jua y again and iigitu couijpained that they could. not hear, and his Lordship admm nieheid them to speak out-all to no purpose, however, they always relapsed. The business o of the eoutrt was cousiderably retarded, and his loidshili could barely suppress his irrita tion. Afairs were in this disagreeable stage, when Bauldy Macluckie was loudly called for, as a witness, and immediately there wade for the aforesaid witness-box, a tall, stout, young fellow, wearing a fustian-sleeved jacket, ca pacious corduroy incxpressibles, or breaks, and huge lumps of shoes, well supplied with tackets; with pavier- like thumps he tramped up the wooden steps into the bux, laid his blue bonnet on the seat, and.squatting himself on it, with open mouth and eyes awaited for something to turn uip. This uncommon non chalance' thii judge eyed witns surprike,' and having sharply ordered him to stand up, and administered the oath, his lordship, with a fearful growl and-gruff manner, thus ad dressed bin-" Witness, let me tell you that may brother (meaning the other judge) and I have this day been put to greett trouble ex eamining witnesses; who could not, or would not speak above their breath : now, sir,-I see you're a strong mail, and being, as I under stand, it carter, and accustomed to speak out to your hurses, you can have no excusesand,' therefore, if you speak not at the top of. youir voice you shall be sent down to jail In an in stant-!" -Among the peasantry of -Scotland all sorts of trap dotnas and other contrivances are supposed to exist in court-houses, jails, &a;, so that his lordship's words had terrible meaning to pout' fl ldy'--he clutched firmly at the front of the box, stared wildly round, and acted so staingely, that his lordship-ito puting his movements to disrespect, or some thing -else-called out, "Stand still, sir,-- - mind what I have sitid to your' This acted like and electtic shock on the ivitness-le stood stock still, gaping as though petrilled. Ills lordship, baving tesumed his seat, called out to the, withness, "W* hat's- your name ?" "'lauldy Maciuckme" was Instantly roared out the sound beoing more like the reptort of a piece of artillery than the ordinary speech of a hu man being. The aniazenicit into w hich the court was thrown was suecceded by a burst of irresporesible laughter; his lordship instinc tively dropped his pen clapped a: hand on each ear, and looking daggers at the witness ex claimed, " What's the meaning of that, sir?" Biuldy, whbddid not sec 'the fun of the di'fair at.hll, inabe sntie tone. iiswered, "I cever spoke looder -tae the. bruites i' my life?" A perfect explosion of laughter succeeded, which delled for some time the efforts of the couit to suppress it; even his lordship whose kindnus of heart is well-known, could not help ami ing as be said, "Surely you don't consider us your brutes sir,-you should know there's some difference between roaring and:speaking. Itememlier where you'ro standing sir." This miemento wrought frightfully oii Buuldy-the sweat hailed down lils fttee,-his eyes and jaws seemed fixed. In vain were questions put to him,-useless were -threats and expos tulations,-all the evidence he could give was "That be lived wi' his --wither, and he kint she was aulder than: his- saol'!' Seeing that Bauldy coild' not, or -would not, give any In-. formation; -the'j age In' a surlymnantni dr dered bitii ti - get away. Ills words operated like- a- charm, --Bauldy and his boienot were instantly In motion. :his precipitate flight down the narrow steps; however, ended rather ungracefully, for having tripped himself down he came on the-top of the court usher, whose rueful . gestures and looks, under the weight and desperat a hold of, Baitldy, fottud no con solation or apology other than the convulsive laughter of the spectators, and the hasty re mark of Bauldy, as he strode- away--" Did any body- e'er see ailk i canicry buffer as that?'" On getting outside the court, -Bauldy's friends eagerly gathered round him, asking how lie had come on. "Come on !" said be 1*1 thought aulidbuffer wud ban wurriedme; lie would send me doon tae jail wliar 1 stood,-I was knocked a'agee, an' clean lost my sight- but I held firm by the bank, for fear they wad ding the -boddom frae neath my feet; -and send l'ia below- in an instait I ' Come awa hlome1lads,- lets gets ot `o tthiis goosh, but yon's nac fun tva I" - '-: -Tue CliAssnai or iDEATes.-Perhaps: no public man has bad the coitrageto sand to \- the Chamber. of IDeath, noit -is called at the Timestofee,- and oak the editor to let him have a look at his ' Life.' - Sometimes, however, these ' Lives' alipear tiefore the breath Is out of the body, as receittly occurred in the ease of Lord Clyde. -.The - Times takas grout care about thete matters.- Seven years. ago a -re iiort'was brotught to the etlie at elaeyn o'clock at night titat Lord John lRussehl was dead. Mr. Waltier, whbo goes to the otlleb tuch more frequently than is supposed, happened to be there. A consultation imnmediately took place with writers and editors, and a gentle man of' tict and bixperience was Bent oil in 'tiboniiddl of 'the night to Cheshcom-place to n uire tbetruth orfalsehood of the report. lie soon discovered that"it arose out of e ag gerated reports of a slight Indisposition, which had been magnified into the death of the no -ble lord h but, short as was his absence* from the office, in, the interim ample means had been takento meet the.etnergency-the fatal casket had ceen opened, the record of' a 1ife which would form in -itself no unimportant chapter .ia the history of the country, was displayed, and an army of biographers, edi tors,. and printers were prepared to raise the ghost of the departed nobleman,' and fix the picture in its frame before the morning light dawned upon the sleepers of London. When 7thio messenger returned, and- it was found that the intelligence was false, the memoir was re consigned to Its resting-plaeo in the, casket, the Chamber' of', Death closed, the rejected columns refplaced, and the world was in ."formed'that the Times was rqjoiced to be able to state that the rumour oi tho:illness of so distinguished a nobleman was wholly without foundation. EXTRAOnDINAY 'ParESENCE OP MIND.-IIR a small village. noar..Debreczin, Hiungairy, there lived ii Jew, who kegt a shop: On the eve of the Day of Atonement, -before joining his co-religionists in their customary devo tional exercises, he strictly enjoined on his daughter, seventeen years old, and his ser vant, in whose cbarge he left the house, not to admit any one Into the house In the night, under any pretence: whatever. In the. night there was a knock at the window of:the girl's room; a peasant demanded admilssion in order to make some purchases for the funeral of his wife.un the morrow, as he urged,. but the .girl would niot admit him. He then knocked, with the same story, at .the door which the servant opened. .,Instantly he. was struck down by the peasantwlt' ihatchet. H1e then forced open the ledroom door of the girl, and bade her deliver'up to him the property of her father, and prepare for death, as he could not allow her to live, lest she should divulge" his name to the authorities. In vain were her entreaties to spare her life. "Theon It I must die," she at last'said,-"let me rather meet a speedy death at my own hands than a' slow; Lingering, asnd painful one at yours."' To this; thievlllain consented, and, closely followed by him,. she ,nent to the shop; took down from the 'shelf a bottle,'opened it,. and carried It to her lips. In a trice the contents of the bottle werein the eyes and face of the robber; with a shriek of agony he sank to the ground. The girl was saved. The bottle contained oil of vitriol.. The police who had entered the house on the cry raised by her, found the. servant weltering Ini his blood, and the. murderer writhing lu agony on the ground. The next day he died . A'oYiOo man \vas admitted into the Wol verhainpton hospital, suffering from the effects of a threepenny piece, which be had acoidently swallowed. 1The next day be found- great difficulty in talking, owing to the coin having effected a lodgment in his windpipe. It con tinned to give him great'pain, almost entirely preventing him drawing in' air for the purpose of respiration. An opening was made through his, throat into' the windpipe, and a.smail thin tube inserted in' the orifice for the purpose of admitting air into the lungs, as it was found that the thaeelienny'plece had got into such a position as to nearly stop up the windpipe al together. He remained in this condition for nea ly 50 hours, during whicc time the wlole. of -the air, he inhaled was that obtained through the before mentioned tube. , At the exjiiratioii of that tine he was then made to hold his head downwards, and after a sharp shakee the. threepenny piece loosened itself. from its place of lodgment, and rolled out of his mouth on to the floor.,' THE RUeOUitED Divoace CounT ScAnDAL.. -As, the particulars of. the Divorce pourt scandal alluded to'by'bur'London correspon' dent in the .flail of Tuesday last are now no secret, we may mention that the name of the petitioneris O'Kand, (?) described as formerly of. Brompton, and now of the Conmmercial road, London ;, and the co-respondent is no less a' personage than Viscount 1alinmerston. In a case of thislekisd, affecting a8 person of the age and position of-the noble lord, the public will naturially suspehd their judgment. -(Dublin Eu'nce} Mail.) The Star states that an arrangement, lies Lean come to. The Cousrt'.Tournsl says :-.' 'th is ruinoqred at *thie clubs that a reconciliation is likely to take place telicen ihe 'parties whose escapade we referred to in our .ls't. The lady has been'n' kindly received by many, Influential relatives.' The European 2'inies says;:-' It is stated that the reader's of divorce court garbage will not,. hiave their prurlonicy'gratilled by any.'dotaihs, as, while the co-respondent to the suit will deny the allegation.'tisa tolo, he will, by his counsel, call' on the petitioner to prove. his marriage It Is said 'that the' petitoner will not be in a position o do' this, and the case consequently falls to .the ground It is eun derstood that the:respondent has engaged Mr. Dighy Seymour, 'Q.C., a-nd Mr. Joyce, as her counsel.' The BirAinhanm Journal says: 'Mrs. O'Kane is.: a 'very pleasant-looking, short, and rather stout lady, of, Hibernian, extraction, with :blick hair, and noticeably very fine eyes and eyebrows.-. She Is, more over, a lady of., piiquant manners,' and 'of markedvivacity 'and intellectual accomplish=. ment, in this resembling,.perhaps, inost Irish; women of the educated -classes, and her. ao jiaintance with ;thePremier, so far as it ox ists at all, is said, to, rest In tho fact of her having been once engaged in his establish ment, and her having. been merely treated with such consideration as her position de served slice.'_. OUT or PRACTIcE.-RIecently an American was 'arrested at, Brockvilli' on sunspicion of being one of' the men concerned in the late stabbing affair let 'Kingston. Hie doelared reryin'riocently thatt 'h lie hd not killed ai maniforthiree months.""'Ie was found to hai not the man wanted;-Canadiea lPeyr, An finquesit has heen' held respecting the death of a bc who was burnt to death by phoisphorus. 'The deceased wvas biought into the hospital with his abdomen and left thigh dreadfully burnt by phosphoruse ' lle saul that he had picked tip a' lump of something in the street and put it in his pocket. He rubbed it, and it exploded ends'eit him ent fire. The coroner said that ishospliorns was frequeontly le itsbout to'poison rats, and was also used by boys as detonating balls. Such practices .were: danaerous,; as when pboephorsor -'was oxodised by being dried thoroughly it readily exploded upon slight'friction. The jury re turned 'a verdict " That deceasod died from 'tbo acnldental combustion of phosphorus in his pocket." HoieowA a' O/kris'x1T Amw'I Phis;TFor bad breasts, bad legs, aind scorbutic or scrofu lons sorce, this is a g6nuino speciiici - The `grateful and earnest testimony of thotisands who have experienced their unrivalled power over those complaints, and who have been raised fron prostrate heiplessness and a "con dition ,loathaome ,to themselves and others, renders it quite unnecessary to enlargo in this place upon its extraordinary virtues. The parts affectedshouldbohbathedwith lukewarm water and when the potes are thereby opened the Ointment should 'he rubbhdi .In 'at least twice a day all'round'tho complaining -parts. It 'then penetrates to the seat of the disorder, and effects a thorough 'and permanent cure. These preparations are composed- of rare bal samrs, as mild as they are efficacious.' What age do young girls wish to at tain ?' Marri-ago, . 'What 'man do men most admire I Wo-man. 