ELEANOR'S VICTORY. BT TiEs AUTItOR Or LADY AUDLEY'S SonCRT, &C.; CHIAPTEIR XI. Tunt little pony-carriago drove on to the station; and Eleanor, like some traveller'in n dream, saw the castle walls and turrets, the busy street and bIrrying people, spin past her cyes and melt into confusion. She did not know how she entered the railway-station, or how sahe came to he walking up and down the plit form with Mrs. Darrell. There was n choking sensation in her dry throat, a blinding mist before her eyes, and a confiusion that was almost terrible to bear in her brain. She wanted to get away--anywhere, so long as it was away from all the world. In the mean time she walked up and down the platform, with Launcolot Darrell'a mother by her side. " I am mad,' she thought, "I am mad ! It cannlot be so " Again and again in the course of Eleanor Vane's brief association with the widow's son, something-some fancy, some shadowy recol lection, vague and impalpable as the faintest clouds in the summer sky above Ilazlewood -had flitted ncross her mind, only tobe blotted away before site could even try to deline or understand it.: Bit now these passing fancies all culminated in one conviction: Launcelot Darrell was the man whom she litd seen lounging on the kerbstone of the boulevard on the night of her lanst parting with her father. In vain she renasoned with herselftlat sle had no jistifinblo grounds for tihis convic tion-the conviction remained, nevertheless. The only foundation for her belief that Launcelot Darrell, from nmongst all other men, was the one man whom sihe sought to pursue, was a resemblatce in his attitude, as ihe stood lounging in Windsor street, to the attitude of the young man on the boulevard. Surely this was tie slightest, the weakest foundation on which belief ever rested I Eleanor Vane could nc knowledge this; but she could not lesson the force of that belief. At the very moment when the memory of her father, and ler father's death, bad been furthest friom her tbhoughts, this sudden conviction, rapid and forcible as inspiration, had flashed upon her. The matter was beyond reason, beyond argument. The young man loitering listlessly 'ipon the kerbstone of the Windesor street was the man who had loitered on the boulevard, waiting, sulkily enough, while his companion tempted George Vane to his destruction. It seemed as if the girl's memory, suddenly endowed with a new and subtle power, took her beck'to that August night in the year '53, and placed her once more ilcoe to face with her father's enemy. Once more the dark restless eyes, the pale cowering iace and moustachised lip, overshadowed by the slouched hat, flashed upon her for a moment, before the sulky stranger turned away to keep moody silence throughout his companion's babble. And with that memory of the past was inter linked the face and figure of Launcelot Darrell-so closely that, do what she would, Eleanor Vane could not dissociate the two images. And she had suffered this man, of all other men, to toll her that he loved Ier; ,;tt had taken a romantin pleasure in his devotion. Day after day, and hour after hour, ahe had been his companion, sharing his enjoyments, sympathising with his pursuits, admiring and believing him. This day-this very day--le had hoel her hand, he had looked in her fite;o and the words she had spoken to , Richard Thornton had proved only a vain boast after all. No instinct in her own breast had re vealed to her the.presence of her father's murderer. Mrs. Darrell looked furtively every now and then at the girl's face. The iron rigidity of that white face almost startled the widow. Was it the expression of terrible grief res trained by a superhutman effort of will? "Does this girl love my son, I wonder ?" the widow thought; and then the answer, prompted by a mother's pride, came quickly after the question: "Yes, how could she do otherwise than love him? How could any woman on earth be indifferent to my boy ?" Something almost akin to pity stirred faintly. in the heart which was so cold to every creature upon earth except this spoiled and prodigal son; and Mlrs. Darrell did her best to comfort the banished girl. " I am afraid you are ill, my dear Miss Vin cent," the widow said. "'The excitement of this sodden departure has been too much for you. Pray, my 'dear, do not think that I submit to this necessity without'very great regret. You have given me perfect satisfac tion in everything you have done ever since yea entered my house. No praises I can bestow upon you in recommending you to a new'hoine will go beyond the truth. For give me! Forgive me, my poor child; I krow I must seem very cruel; but I love may son so ldearly-I love him so dearly !" Thiere was real feeling in the tone in which these words were spoken; but the widow's voice sounded far away to Eleanor Vane, and the words had no mean. ing. The girl turned her stony ftee towards the speaker, and made a feeling effort to un derstand what was said to liaher; but all power of comprehension seemed lost in the confusion of her brain. " I want to get back to London," she said. " I want to get away from this place. Will it be long before the train starts, Mrs. Dar roll?" '!.Not five minutes. I have put up your money in this envelope, my dear-a quarter's salary; the quarter began in June, you know, and I have paid you up to September. 1 have paid for your ticket also, in order that your money might not be broken into by that expense. Your luggage will be sent to you to-morrow. You will get a cab at the station, my dear. Your friends will be very much surprised to see you, no doubt." " My friends !" repeated Eleanor, in an absent tone. " Yes, the good music-mistress and her son. I have your address, Miss Vincent, and you may rely on bearing from me in a few days. I shall take care that you stiffer no inconvenience from the sudden change in all our plans. Good-bye; and God bless you, my dear!" Eleanor had taken her seat in the carriage by thile time, and the train was about to move. Mrs. Darrell hbld out her hbrd; but the girl draw away from her with a sudden movement of terror. "Oh, Ilease do not shako hands with meal" she cried, "I am very very unhappy I " 'e'lie tral mo;Yvd away before the widow could reply to tble savage spueoh; and the lust thing that Eleanor saw was the pals face of Launcelot Darrell's mother turned towards her with a look of surprise. "Poor child l" thought Mrs. Darrell, as slio walked slowly back to the station-door, before which her pony-carriage waited. " She fools this very much, but she has acted nobly." Thno e widow nighed as she remembered that tie worst part of the struggle was yet to cnlom. Sihe woull hvoe heri son's indignation to encounlter anld to endure-not the stormy passion of a strong tman unfairly sepnrnted from the woman lie loves, but the fretful irri tation of n spoiled child, who has been robbed of n favorite toy. It was nearly ldark when Eleanor Vnne roached the Pilasters. She paid and dismissed the cab in Dudley-street, and made her way on foot under the familiar archway and into the Colonnade, where the sname children seemed to be playing the same games in the dusky light, the same horses peeooring from the stable-doors, the same cabmen drinking at the old- fashioned public-house at tihe corner. The Signora was giving a singing-lesson to a stolid young person, with a fat face and freckles, who was being prepared for the lyric drmna, and wishbed to appear at one of the olpera-houses as Norma, after a dozen lessons or so. Eliza Picirillo was trying her hardest to simplify a difficult passage for this embryo Grisi's comprellension, when Eleanor Vaino opened the door of the little sitting room and appueared upon the threshold. It would have been natural to the girl to have rushed to the piano and flung herself into the arms of the Signora at the risk of up setting thel stolid pupil; and there was some thing so very unnatural in her manner its shie paused in the open doorway,-something so win and ghostlike in her appearance, that Eliza Picirillo rose from her music-stool in anlarm, and stared aghast at this unexpected visitor. "Eleanor!" she exclaimed, "Eleanor I " " Yes, clear Signora, it is I I-I know I have conme back very unexpectedly; I have a great deal to tell you by-and- by. But I is tired to death. May I sit down, please, while you finish your lesson ? " " May you sit down I My darling Nelly, is that tie way you talk in your old home ? My dear, clear child ! do you think you can over come so unexpectedly as to fil to find a welcomena from Eliza Picirillo? Here, my dear, sit down and make yourself as com fortable as you can until I'm able to attend to you. Excuse me, Miss Dodson; we'll go on with the duet directly." The music-mistress wheeled forward an old easy chair', her own favourite seat, and Eleanor dropped wearily into it. Signora Picirillo removed the girl's bonnet, one ten derly smoothed her tumbled hair; mutrmur ing expressions of welcome and affection, and whispering a pIromise that tbe lesson should be very soon finished. She w,.nt back? to Norma after seeing Eleanor comfortably ensconced in the arm chair, and hammered away sturdily and con scientiously at the " De?, Cnote" duet; in which Miss Dodson gave a very, mild inter pretation-of-the Ital,, compuoser's meaning, andsand g aboit Pollo, her children, and her wrongs, as placidly as if she had been de claiming her wish to be a butterfly, or a daisy, or any other sentiment common to English ballad-singers. But when Miss Dodson had finished her singing, and had put on her' bonnet and shawl (which operation occupied a good deal of unnecessary time), and had rolled up her music; and foaund her gloves--which had fallen off the piano and hidden themselves in an oh scure and dusty corner of the room,-and had filrther entered into a detailed and intri cate explanation of her engagements and domestic circumstances before making an appointment for the next lesson, and had been finally bustled out of the room and lighted down the stairs, and fully instructed as to the nearest way fiom the Pilasters to Camden Town, Eliza Picirillo was able to give her full attention to the pale-faced girl who had returned so suddenly to her old shelter. The music-mistress was almost frightened at the expression of Eleanor Vane's face. She remembered only too well having seen that look before, upon the September night in Paris, when the girl of fifteen had sworn to be rivenged upon her; father's eneminies. ' N?ily, my darline," sthe said, seating herself beside Eleanor's chair, " how is it that you come'home so suddenly ? Nothing could be greater happiness than to have you back, my dear. But I know that something has happened; I can see it in your face, Nelly. Tell mte, my love, what is it?" "It is nothing to be sorry about, dear Signora; I have come awny because-because' Mrs. Darrell wished it. Her .son-her oily son-hns come home from India, and she wants him to marry a rich woman, and and-" " And he has fallen in love with you,: oh, Nelly ? " asked the Signora. " Well, I'm not surprised to bear that, my dear; and you are honorable enough to bent a retreit, and leave the young man free to make a mercen ary marriage at his mother's bidding. Dear, dear, what strange things peopl:e are ready to do for money now-a-days ! I'm sure you've acted very wisely; my darlino : so cheer up, and lot me see the bright smile that we've been accustomed to. ' There's nothing in all this to make you look so pale, Nelly." "Do I look pule?" "Yes; as pale as a ghost weary with a long night's wandering. Nelly, dear," said the Signora, very temitly, "you weren't in love with this young main; you didn't'return his affection, did you?" ' "In love with him I" cried Eleanor Vane, with a shudder, "oh l.n, no"!" " And yet you seem sorry at having left Hazlewood ? " " I am sorry; I-I had many reasons for wishing to stay there." "You were attached to your companion, Miss Mason ?" "Yes, I was very much attached to her," answered Eleanor. " Don't ask me tiny more questionst to-night, dear Signora. I'm tired out with my journey and the excitement of all-that hue happened to-day; I will explain things more fully to-morrow. I am glad to come back to you-very, very glad to see you once more, dearest friend; but I had a strong reason for wishing to setay at Iazlce. wood,--I have a powerful motive for wantig to go back thers, if I could go back, which I four I never can," The girl stopped abruptly, as if absorbld in her own tboughts nPadr ulm t unounoious of her i d p)rownoo, "Well, well, Nolly, I won't question you any fiurther," Eliza Picirillo naisd, oothingly. "Goodness knows, my dear, I am glad enough to have you with me, without wor rying you about the why and the wherefore. But I must go and try and get your little room ready again for you, or perhaps, as it's late, you'd better aloee, with me to-night." " If you please, dear Signora." The music- mistress hurried away to make some preparations in the betdchamber naljoin ing the little sitting-room; and Eleanor Vane sat staring at the guttering tallow candles on the table before her-lost in the. tumult and confusion of her thoughts, which as yet took no distict form in her brain. At the very moment in which she had set a barrier between herself and H-azlewood that might prevent her over crossing the threshold of its gates, she had made a dis covery which rendered that retired country dwelling-house the one spot upon earth to which she bud need to have free access. "I fancied that I was going away from my revenge when I left London to go into Berk shire," she thought; " now I leave my re venge behind me at Hezlewood. And yet, how can it be as I think? How can it be so ? Launcelot Darrell went to India a year before my father died. Can it only be a likeness after all-an accidental likeness- between that man and Mrs. Darrell's son?" She sat thinking of those things- reason ing with herself upon the utter improbability of the identity of the two men, yet yielding again andt again to that conviction which had forced itself upon her, sudden and irresistiblo, in the Windsor street,-while the Signora bustled about between the two rooms, stop ping to cast a stolen glance now and then at Eleanor's Vane's thoughtful lace. MIr. ]lichard Thornton came in by-and-by. The Phmonix was closed as to dramatic per formances, but the scene-painter's work never stopped. The young man gave utterance to a cry of delight as he saw the figure sitting in his aunt's elisy-chair. " Nell I" he exclaimed, "has the world come to an end, and have you dropped into your proper position in the general smash I Eleanor, how glad I am to see you I" He held out both his hands. Miss Vane rose and, mechanically, put her white fingers in the weather-beaten looking palms held out to receive them. In that momnnt-the scene-painter saw that something had happened. " What's the matter, Nell? " he cried, eagerly.. "Hush, Dick," said the girl in a whisper; "I don't want the Signora to know." "You don't want the Signora to 'know what? " " I have found that man." "What man?" " The man who caused ioy father's death." OIHAPTERt XXII. Eleanor Vane employed the morning after her arrival at tile Pilasters in writing to Laura Mason. She would have written a .long: letter if she could, for she knfei what grief her sudden departure must have caused her childish and confiding companion ; but she could not Write of anything except the one thought that absorbed her whole brain, leaving her for the common business of life a purposeless and powerless creature. The ex lunnation which she gave of her sudden de pa"rturo was lame and laboured; her ex pressions of regard were trite and meaningless. It was only when she came to that subject which was the real purpose of her letter; it was only when she came to write of Lauricelot Darrell that there was any vigour or reality in her words. "I have a favour to ask you, dear Lauira," she wrote; " and I must beg you to use your best discretion in granting it. I want you to find out for me the date of Mr. Darrell's de parture for Calcutta, and the cname of the vessel in which he sailed. Do this, Laura, and you will be serving me-perhaps serving him also." ".If I find that he really was in, India at the date of my fathler's death," Eleanor thought, "I must cease to suspect him." Later in the day, Miss Vane went out with Richard into the streets and squares in which all their secret conferences had taken place. She told the scene-painter very simply and briefly of what had happened, anid poor Dick listened to her story with a tender respect, as he would have listened to anything from her. B3ut he shook his head with a sad smile when she had finished. " What do you think now, Richard ?" she asked. "I think that you are the dupe of a foolish fancy, Nell," the young man answered. ".You are deceived by some chance resem blance between this Mr. Darrell and the young man you saw upon the boulevard. Any dark pale-faced man lounging moodily on a kerb stone would have reminded you of the figure which is so interwoven with the memories of that mournful time in Paris. Forget it, Nelly, my dear-forget that dark chapter in the history of your girlhood. Your father's rest will be none the sweeter because the brightness of your youth is blighted by these bitter memories. Do your duty, Eleanor, in the state to which you are called. You are not called upon to sacrifice the fairest years of your life to a Quixoiic scheme of vengeance." " Quixotic I" cried Eleanor, reproachfully; "you would'not speak like this, Richard, if your father had suffered as my father suffered throngh the' villany of a gambler and cheat. It is no use talking to me, Dick," she added resolutely. " If this conviction, which I camnnot get outt of my mind, is a false one. its falsehood must be proved. If it is true why, then, it will seem to me as if Providence had flung this man across my pathway, and that I amt appointed to bring punishment upon him for his wickedness." " Perhaps, Eleanor; but this Mr. Darrell is not the man." " How do you know he is not ?" " Because, according to your own account, Launcelot was in India in the year '03." "Yes, they say that he was there." " Have you any reason to doubt the fact?" asked Richard. "Yes," answered Eleanor. "When Mr. Darrell first returnedl to Haleowood, Lamra Mason was very nmxious to Iear all nbout what she called his 'adlvoentures' in India., She asked himln a great nummy questions, land I rI'mr)emnfber.-. [ cannot tall yomr, D)ick, how areslessly I listemed at the tihus, though every word comes beok to eu now as vlvldhly Ir I h and bun a prIoner', onr trhil for miy life, IUswlnng breathluessly to tire uvidueou of the witnoosu ngalgiut Irr-- rmuutumber now iow obstinately Launcelot Darrell avoidedn An Laura's questions, telling her at last, almost rudely, to change the subject. The next day Mr. Monckton came to its, and he talked about India; and Mr. Darrell again avoided the question in the samo sullen, disagreeable manner. You may think me weak and fool ish, Richard, and I dare say I am so; but Mr. Monckton is a very clever man. He could not he easily deceived." " But what of him ?" "lie said, ' Launcelot Darrell has a secret; and that secret is connected with his Indian experiences.' I thought very little of this at the time, Dick; but I think I understand it now." "Indeed! And the young man's secret-?" "Is that he never went to India." "Eleanor!" "Yes, Richard, I think and believe this; and yoea must help me to find out whether I am right or wrong." The scene-painter sighed. Hle had hoped that his beautifiul adpted sister had long since ahandoned or forgotten her utopian scheme ot vengeance in the congenial society of a gay-hearted girl of her own age. And behold, here sits was, vindictive, resolute, as upon that Sunday evening, a year and a half ago, on which they had walked together in those dingy London streets. Eleanor Vane interpreted her companion's sigh. " Remember your promise, Richard," she said. " You promised to serve me, and you mustt do so-you will do so, won't you, Dick ?" The avenging fury had transformed itself into a siren as she spoke, andti looked archly tip at her companion's face, with her head on one side, and a soft light in her grey eyes. "You won't refuse to serve me, will you, Richard ? " " Refuse!?" cried the young man. "OhI, Nelly, Nelly, you know very well there is nothing in the world I could refuise you." Miss Vano accepted this assurance with great composure. She had never been able to dissociate Richard Thornton with those early days in which she had accompanied him to Covent Garden to buy mulberry-leaves for his silkworms, and had learned to play " God save the Queen" upon the young musician's violin. Nothing was further from- her thoughts than the idea that poor Dick's feelings could have undergone any change since those childish days in the King's Road, Chelsea. The letter which Eleanor so feverishbly awaited from Laura Mason came by return of post. The young lady's epistle was very long, and rathler rambling in its nature. Three sheets of note-paper were covered with Miss Mason's lamentation for her Eleanor's absence, reproachful complainings against her cruelty, and repeated entreaties that she would come back to Ilazlewood. George Vane's dauglhter did not linger over this feminine missive. A few days ago she would have been touched by Laurn's innocent expressions of regard : now her eyes lhurried- along the lines, taking little note of ,all those simple words of affection and regret; and looking greedily forwvard to that one only passage in the letter which was likely to have any interest for her. This passage did not occur until Eleanor had reached'the very last of the twelve pages which Miss Mason had covered with flowing Italiin characters, whose symmetry was here and there disfigured by sundry blots and era sures. But as her eyes rested upon the last page, Eleanor Vane's hand tightened upon the paper in her. grasp, and the hot blood 'rushed redly to her earnest face. "And I have found out all you want to know, dear Nell," wrote Miss Mason.; "though 'I am puzzled out of my wits to know why you should want to know it- when I did exercises in composition at Bayswater, they would'nt let me put two ' knows' so near together; but-you won't mind it will you, dear? Well, darling, I'm not very clever at beating about the bush or finding, out any thing in a diplomatic way: so this afternoon at tea-I am writing to catch the evening post, and Bob is going to take my letters to the village for sixpence-I asked Launcelot Darrell, who was not drinking his tea, like a Christian, but lolling in the window, smoking a cigar; he has been as surly as a bear ever since you left-oh, Nelly, Nelly, he isn't in love with you, is heo?-I should break my heart if I thought he was-I asked him, point-blank, what year and what day he sailed for India. I suppose the question sounded rather impertinent, for he coloured up scarlet all in a minute, and shrugged his shoulders in that dear disdainful way of his that always reminds me of Lara or the Corsair-L. and the C. were the same per son, though, weren't thby?-and said, 'I don't keep a doary, Miss Mason, or I should be happy to afford you any information you may require as to my antecedents.' I thought I should have dropped through the floor, Nelly,-tho floor won't let one drop through it, or else I am sure I should,-and I couldn't have asked another question, even for your sake, dear; when, strange to say, Mrs. barrell got me quite out of the difficulty. 'I am sorry you should answer Laura so very unkindly, Launcelot,' she said; ' there is nothing strange in her question. I rinmember the date'of your departure from youi native country only too vividly. You left this house upon the 3rd of October, '56 , and you were to sail from Gravesend on the 4th, in the Princess Alice.. I have reason to remember the date, for it seemed as if my uncle chose the very worst seasoniof the year for sending you upon a long sea-voyage. But he was prompted, no doubt, by my sisters. I ought to feel no anger against him, poor old manll'" Eleanor Vane glanced hurriedly at the oon cluding.words of the letter. Then, with the last sheet crumpled in her hand, she sat motionless and absorbed, thinking over its coltenta. " If Launcelot Darrell sailed for India upon the 4tlh of October, '13, he is not likely to have been in Paris in '53. If I can only prove to myself that he did sail upon that date, I will try and believe that I have beooen deoluded by some foolishl fancy of my own. But why did his face fluash scarlet when Laura qnustioned hin about sle voyage ?- why dli lie proetnd to have forgotten theo ,leeanor waltesd lmpultlnntly for the arrival of her i'florid iai cnuuen coullor, iolearl 'Thorn. too, lie camne in at Ibont three o'olock i thul alfernoon, while his anut wea still absent amor w gst her ouit.ordoor Ilplle, auid flung limself, jadeda and worn out, on t iu.-e ;" covered sofa. But, tired as lie was, he aroused himself by an effort to listen to that portion of Laura Mason's letter which related to Launcelot Darrell. " What do you think now, Dick? " Miss Vane asked, when she had finished reading. "Pretty much what I thought before, Nell," answered Mr. Thornton. " This young fellow's objection to talk of his Indian voyage is no proof that he never went upon that voyage. He may have half-a-dozen unpleasant recollections connected with that part of his life. I don't particularly care about talking of the Plicanix; but I never committed a murder in the obscurity of the flies, or buried the body of my victim be tween the stage and the mezzanine floor. People have their secrets, Nell; and we have no right to pry into the small mysteries which may lurk under a change of counte nance or an impatient word." Eleanor Vane took very little notice of the: young man's argument. " Can you find out if. Launcelot Darrell sailed in the Princess Alice, Dick?" she added. The scene-painter rubbed his chin re flectively. " I can try and find out, my dear," he said after a pause; "that's open to anybody. The Princess Alice I She's one of Ward's ships, I think. If the shipbrokers are inclined to be civil, they'll perhaps help me; but I have no justification in bothering them upon the sub ject, and they may tell me to go about my business. If I could give them a good reason for my making such an inquiry, I might very likely find them willing to help me. But what can I tell them-except that a very beautiful young person with grey eyes and auburn hair has taken an absurd crotchet into her obstinate head, and that I, her faithful slave, am compelled to do her bidding?" "Never mind what they say to you, Richard," Miss Vane replied, authoritatively; "they must answer your question if you only go on asking them long enough."" Mr. Thorn ion smiled. "That's the true feminine method of ob taining information; isn't it, Nell ? " lie said. " However, I'll do my best; and if the ship. brokers are to be 'got at,' as sporting gentle: men say, it shall go hard if I don't get a list of the passengers who sailed in the Princess Alice." "Dear, dear Dick!" cried out Eleanor, holding out both her hands to her champion. The young man sighed. Alas I he knew only too well that all this pretty friendliness was as far away from any latent tenderness or hidden emotion as the blusterous frozen North is from the s.lendid sunny South. " I wonder whether she knows what love is," thought the scene-painter; "I wonder whether her heart.has been touched ever so slightly by the fatal emotion. No; she is a bright virginal creature, all confidence and candour, anti she has yet to learn the mysteries of life. I wish I could think less of her, and fall in love with Miss Montalembert -her name is plain Lambert, and she has added the Monta for the sake of euphony. I wish I could fall in love with Lizzie Lambert, popularly known as Elise Montalsmbert, the soubrette at the Phoenix. She is a good little girl, and earns a salary of four pounds a week. She's fond of the Signora, too, and we could leave the Pilasters and go into house keeping upon omu joint salaries." Mr. Thornton's fancies might have rambled on in this wise for some time, but lie was abruptly aroused fiom his reverie by Eleanor Vane, who had been watching him rather impatiently. ." When are you going to the shipbroker's, Dick ?" she asked. ".When am I going?" "Yes; you'll go at once, won't you ?" "Eh !. Well, my dear Nell, Cornhill's a good step froiz? here." "But you can take a cab," cried the young lady. "I've plenty of money, Dick, and do you think I shall grudge it for such a pur pose? Go at once, Richard, dear, and take a cab." She' pulled a purse from her pocket and tried to force'it into the young man's hand; but he shook his head. "I'm afraid the shipbroker's office would be closed, Nelly," he said. "We'd better wait till to-morrow morning." But the young lady would not hear of this. She was sure the shipbroker's office wouldn't close so early, she said, with as much authority as if she had been intimately acquainted with the 'habits of shipbrokers; and she bustled Dick downstairs and out of the house befbr'e he well knew where he was. He returned in about an hour and a half, very tired and dusty; having preferred his indepencence and an omnibus to the cab offered by Eleanor. " It's no use, Nelly," he said, despondently, as he threw off his hat, and ran his dirty fin gers through the rumpled shock of dusty brown hair that had been blown about his face by the hot August wind, " the office was just closing, and I couldn't get anything out of the clerks. I was never so cruelly snubbed in my life." Miss Vane looked very much disappointed, and was silent for a minute or so. 'Then her face suddenly brightened, and she patted Richard's shoulder with a gesture expressive of patronage and encouragement. "Never mind, Dick," she said, smilingly, "you shall go again to-morrow morning early; and I'll go with you. We'll see if these shipbrokers' clerks will snub me !" "Snub you ! " cried Richard Thornton, in a rapture of admiration. " I think that, of' all the members of the human family,, paid officials are the most unpleasant and repul sive; but I don't think there's a clerk in Christendom who could snub you, Miss Vane." Eleanor smiled. Perhaps for the first time in hoer life the young lady was guilty of a spice of that feminine sin called coquetry. Her boxes had arrived from Hazlewvood upon the previous evening. She was armed there fore with all those munitions of war without which a rwoman can scarcely commence a siege upon the fortress of man's indiffor. tlicO, She rose early the next morning-- for she was too tmuch absorbed in the one great pur pose of her lisl to be thble to slaep very long or very saitoully--andl arrayed herself for a visit to the shilplrolter. ShIe iut on a bonnet of Ipnlo bhltem ctnle, whlob was to Ite the chierf Instrumetnt In fote sloge--.t funinlio bIetterlngr'stti or Alrst'lrolng gun blfore whlob the stoittet wall must hive ornwlbled-and omootbured her silken looks, her soft amber-dropping tresses, under this framework of diaphanous azure. Then she went into the sitting-room where MIr. Richard Thornton was loitering over his breakfast, to try the effect of this piece of milliner's artillery upon the unhappy young man. "Will the clerks snub me, Dick?" she asked archly. The scene-painter replied with his mouth full of egg and bread-and-butter, and was more enthusiastic than intelligible. A four-wheel cab jolted Miss Vane and her companion to Cornhill, and the young lady contrived to make her way into the sanctum. sanctorum of the shipbroker himself, in a manner which took Richard Thornton's breath. away from him in the fervour of his admiration. Every barrier gave way before the blue bonnet and glistening auburn hair, the grey eyes and friendly smile. Poor Dick had approached the officials with that air of suppressed enmity and lurking hate with . which the Englishman generally addresses his brother Englishman ; but Eleanor's friendliness and fiimiliarity disarmed the stoniest of the clerks, and she was con ducted to the ehipbroker's private room by an usher who bowed before her as if she had been a queen. The young lady told her story very simply. She wished to ascertain it a gentleman called Launcelot Darrell had sailed in the Princess Alice on the 4th October,'52. This was all she said. Richard Thornton stood by, fingering difficult passages in his last overture on the brim of his hat, out of sheer perturbation of spirit, while he won. dered at and admired Miss Vane's placid assurance. " I shall be extremely obliged if you can give me this information," she said in conclu. sion, " for a great deal depends upon my being able to ascertain the truth in this matter." The shipbroker looked through his spec. tacles at the earnest face turned so trustingly towards his own. He was an old man, with granddaughters as tall as Eleanor, but was nevertheless not utterly dead to the influence of a beautifil face. The auburn hair and dia. phanous bonnet made a bright spot of colour in the dinginess of his dusty office. " I should be very ungallant were I to refuse to serve a young lady," the old man said politely.-" Jarvis," lie added, turning to the clerk who had conducted Eleanor to his apartment, " do you think you could contrive to look up the list of passengers in the Prin cess Alice, October 4, '52." Mr. Jarvis, who had told Richard to go about his business upon the day before, said be had no doubt lie could, and went away to perform this errand. Eleanor's breath grew short and quick, and her colour rose as she waited for the clerk's return. Richard executed impossible passages on the brim of his hat. The shipbroker watched the girl's face, and drew his own deductions fiom the flutter of agitation visible in that bright countenance. " Alta l" he thought, "a love affair, no doubt. This pretty girl in the blue bonnet has come here to look after a runaway sweet heart." The cleric returned, carrying a ledger, with his thumb between two of the leaves. He opened the uninteresting-loolking volume, and laid it on the table before his employer, pointing with his spare forefinger to one particular entry. "A berth was taken for a Mr. Launcelot Darrell, who was to share his cabin with a Mr. Thomas Halliday," the shipbroker said, looking at the passage to which the clerk pointed. Eleanor's face crimsoned. She had wronged the widow's son then, after all. "But the name was crossed out after wards," continued the old man, " and there's another entry further down, dated October 5th. The ship sailed without Mr. Darrell." The crimson flush faded out of Eleanor's face and left it deadly pale. She tottered a few paces towards the table, with her hand stretched out, as if she would have taken the book from the shipbrolker and examined the entry for herself. But midway between the chair she had left and the table, her strength failed her, and she would have fallen if Richard Thornton had not dashed his hat upon the ground, and caught her sinking figure in his outstretched arms. " Dear me !" exclaimed the shipbroker, " bless my soul: a glass of water, Jarvis; this is very sad, very sad, indeed. A run away lover, I suppose, or a brother, perhaps. These sort of things are always happening. I assure you that if I had the gift that some of you young people have, I could write half a-dozen romances out of the history of this office." The clerk came back with the glass of water; it was rather a murky-looking fluid, but a few drops between Eleanor's pale lips served to bring the life back to her. She lifted her head with the proud resolu tion of a qneen, and looked at the compas sionate shipbroker with a strange smile. She had heard the old man's suppositions about lovers and brothers. How flar away his simple fancy led him from the bitter truth ! She held out her hand to him as she rose from her chair, erect and dauntless as a fair haired Joan of Arc, ready to gird on the sword in defence of her king and country. "I thank yout very much, sir," sie said, "for what you have done for me to-day. lMy fiather was an old man-as old or older per0 haps than yourself; and lie died a very cruel death. I believe that your kindness of this day will help me to avenge him." (To be coinuced.) 