A SPILL IN A MODEL MUNICIPLITY. - On Satur- day evening, about half-past six, some venturous weights were attempting to pilot a double horse load of hay through the perils of Finch street. To people living in this street there is no access now, for any wheeled vehicle, except by entering on the footpath at either end. And then, the turning in is imminently dangerous, as will be un- derstood by the sequel in the presence instance. It should be mentioned that there is one bridge, about the middle and deepest part of the ditch on one side of the street, which a resident wood carter was obliged to construct, rather than be shut in, and starved. Tho men were trying to cross this bridge, in order to reach the desired haven with their load of hay. But destiny and the ditches forbade! 'Hold 'im to ye, Jem,' roared Tom and Bob, from behind. But it was too late! The width of the footpath was insufficient for the turring to bo performed. Tho off wheel had got ovor tho precipico about a hair's breadth- or thereby. ' Hold on hard, Jem 1' But, ' Jem' might as well have tried to arrest tho descent of an avalanche, once fairly started, or ' hold on' by tho sea loam to provent tho tido going down. Tho horso tried well to retrieve matters, but, nlas ! at overy strain tho wheel only sidled tho faster downwards, till, in a fow seconds, tho load of hay, horse, waggon, and all, wout over out of sight, sheer into tho sinking nbyss. Tho council nnd its surveyor seem ns if de termined to keep theso monstrous ditches gnping open till tho ghosts of persons perishing therein terrify them into ordering their being filled up. Whon ono asks wbut ever do they at all mean, and is shown the trifling nuisance, to re move which was tho ostensible motivo for their oxcavation, it seems the very acme and triumph of all blundering ! Neighbors without the city say, tauntingly, that ' tho cows laid out Boston.' ' Very well, replies Emerson, ' thero aro worso sur veyors.' Perhaps Beechworth would hardly dispute it 1 No corpses havo ns yet beon found, but several persons aro known to havo tumbled into those abominable moats, to tho jeopardy of their lives. Would they had been every ono of them councillors 1 Depend upon it, thoy should liallo pretty loud, and tako on pretty freely of the filth which they havo created, beforo nny of tho residents of the street would help them out. ' Serves 'em right' is nil tho condolence to bo cxpected when tho desirable occa sion arrives. — O. (tiul Advertiser^ August 8. Honnous or Wau. — Tho Charleston Mercury tolls a touching story : — Miss Anna Piokens, tho daughter of Governor Pickens, while ministering to the wounded in tho hospitals of Charleston, came in contact with a wounded officer, Lieut. Andrew Do Rochelle. Tho young people fell in lovo, aud, aftor „ -nnrt.nl, iii. it was arranged that thov should bo married on tho 22nd of April. Lieutenant De Rocliello was on duty at Fort Sumter in tho morning, and it wns determined that tho ceremony should 'take placo nt tho resideneo of General Bonlinm in tho evening. At tho moment tbo epis copal clergyman was asking tho bride if she wns rendy, a shell fell upon tho roof of tho building, penetrated to tho room whero tho company wero assembled, burst, and wounded nino porsons, among tho rest Miss Pickons. Wo cannot describo the scene that fol lowed. Order was restored, and tho wounded woro removed, all except tho bride, who lay motionless upon tlio carpet. Her betlirothed, kneeling nnd bending ovor her, was weeping bitterly, and trying to stanch the blood that welled from a terrible wound under her left breast. A surgeon declared that Miss Pickens had not longer than two hours to live. Whon tho wounded girl recovered her consciousness, sho askodto know her fate, and when thoy hesitated to tell hor — ' Androw,' sho said, ' I beg you to tell mo tho truth. If I must die, I can dio worthy of you.' Tho young sohlior's tears wero his answer, and Miss Anna, summoning all her strength, attempted to smilo. Governor Pickens was almost without consciousness, and Mrs Pickens looked npon her child with tho dry and haggard eye of one whoso roason totters. Lieutenant do Rocliello was tho first to speak, ' Anna,' he cricd, ' I will die soon, too ; but I would havo you dio my wife ; thoro is yet timo to unite us.' The young girl did not . reply, sho was too weak. A slight flush rose for an instant to her pale cheek ; it could bo soen that joy and pnin woro straggling in her spirit for tho mastery. Lying upon n sofa, lior bridal dress all stained with blood, ^lior hair dishevelled, she had never boon moro beautiful. Holpless as sho was, Lieutentant Do Rochelle took her haud, and requested tho Rev. Mr Dickenson to proceed witli tho ceremony. When it was timo foi the dying girl to say yes, her lips parted several times, but sho could not nrticulnto. At Inst tho word was spoken, and slight foam rested upon her lips. Tho dying ngony wns near. Tho minister sobbed ns he proceeded with tho ceremony. An hour afterwards all was over, and tho bridal chamber was tho r.linmber of death. ? 