? HOMCEOPATHY. n 'o the Kditor of the 'Argus.' Sir,—Will you allow me to rescue the name of the author ofthat memorable definition of homoeopathy from the modest obscurity to which lie would assign it? I find, after, a iittlc research among your contemporaries, that the individual who describes homoeopathy to be " a monstrous 'mposture, which singularly enough finds its most powerful advocates among the educated and otherwise intelligent,"andwlio now has the in oral courage to avow it, claims to be the editor of the ' Australian Medical Journa 1 ,' and to "have the honour of representing the profession to whatever extent the inflncnce of that journal may reach." H iw far the feeling ma)' henceforth be reciprocated by the profession, is a question for itself to consider, but when James Edward Nield, M.D., of the University of Melbourne, in the same breath that he confineB homeopathy to the educated, talks abouttbe" increasing 6ocialinfluence" ofthenonhomceopathic practitioners in Australia, I feel it my duty to repudiate, on behalf of society, the very uncomplimentary inference which attaches to it. I am very well aware, Sir, that a daily journal is not the place ft>r a scientific discussion, and that, as a non-medical man, I an not exactly the person to hold such 8 discussion, but would you permit the following extract from an article in the London 'Morning Star' to appear in your columns: — " The issue is, after all, merely one of facts and figures. Practitioners who adopt certain new modes of dealing with disease put forward statistical details, which, if they are to be relied upon, clearly show that the curative treatment which they employ is eminently efficacious. We are told, for example that when the cholera was raging at Vienna in 1S3G, the Austrian Government appointed two allopathic physicians to repurt upon the cases dealt with in the hommopathiu hospital, which was tlieu under the direction of ])r Flciseiimann; that it appeared from their testimony thus officially I'urnished, that the deaths amounted to only thirly-three percent., while in the allopathic hospitals they were si vinty per cent, among the patients suffering from the same epidemic; and that Mien suit onhii'vas to induce Count Kalmvrat,the Minister of the Interior, at once to repeal the laws which opposed the practice of homasopathy. lDr Casper, of Vienna, alleges that in 1830-1-2 the average deaths from typhus fever in thatcity were 10.0 per cent.in the homoeopathic,and 21.0 percent, in the allopathic hospitals; aud l'iofessor Henderson, of Edinburgh, avera that of patients at Vienna suffering from pneumonia, five percent, died umler homaoipatliic.and twenty-three per cent, under allopathic treatment. Dr Uliargu of Marseilles, testifies that at the Convent of Refuge in that city the deaths, which had averaged !i5 per cent, from 1841 to 1848 when allopathy was practised, fell to 29 per cent, from 1849 to' 1854 when homoeopathy was adopted; and Dr Tessier, of the Beaujon Hospital in I'aris, states that from 1849 to 1851,"in tho two allopathic wards of that establishment, tho mortality mis 113,while in tho two homoeopathic wardsit wus only 855 per cent. In Barliadoes. again, when the cholera broke out in 1854, Dr Goding reports that forty-five percent, of the allopathic, and only 10 7 per cent, of the hommapalhic patients died; and in the Minority report of the Committee of the Bellevue Hospital, at New ifork. it is affirmed that while the deaths among tlio children allopathically treated at six of the city orphan asylums were cue iu forty-one, those among the children homccapathically treated at tho Protestant Hall Orphan Asjlum, were only one in 148. Similar results are said to liave occurred in localities much nearer home. Dr. Rutherford Russel states tliat when the cholera visited Edinburgh, in 1848-3, twenty-five per cent, of the homoeopathic, aud sixty-two per cent, of the allopbathic patients died; and it is singular to note, that Dr£C. H. F. Routh, in a work entitled 'The Fallacies ol Homoeopathy,' written expressly againBt that system, sets down the mortality from pneumonia pleurisy,pcritonitis, as respectively five, seven, three, aud four per cent, under hoinasopathie, and twentyfour, thirteen, nnd fifteen per cent, under allopathic treatment. Other writers, again, give us the results of their experience iu the treatment of cattle—a very important branch of the evidence; partly because four-footed beasts do not put themselves in the doctor's hands under the influence of hypochondriacal delusions when there is really nothing the matter with them, and also because the operation of imagination can scarcely be supposed to have anv share in Iheir cure. Mr James Moore, a member of the Royal Colleae of Veterinary Surgeons, who intimates that bis practice, extending over a quarter of a century has been almost equally divided between the two systemB, has published an account of a hundred and twenty-five cases ot serious disease of cows and horses, in which homasopathic treatment has effected a perfect cure. We did not pretend to vouch for the accuracy of these statements ; but put forward as they are upon the authority of witnesses of honourable repute and professional attainments they unquestionably have a claim to paiient and candid investigation. Sneers nnd vituperation can be of no avail so long as these assertions remain without contradiction. Unbelieving ridicule will spend its force in vain if the veracitv of these figures cannot be impugned. Infinitesimal Joses may he the quintessence of absurdity-the law of siniilia similibns curanturmnybca gross heresy, antagonistic to every knownscicntificdogma-but still, if it be true that the said Infinitesimal doses, administered in accordance with that law, cure a greater proportion of patients than other medicines given upon another principle, rational people will probably prefer absurd heresy and health to grave orthodoxy and disease. Weexpte a no nniaicn whatever upon the subject. OntMteerana ot complaint against the owe- titioners of the old school is, that instead of boldly facing and attempting to disprove these * alleged facts, they substitute scoffs for arguments and persecution fordisenssion. When, for example, Whe cholera prevailed in London, in 1854, the Bsard of Health appointed a medical council to report upon the returns of cases, with the treatment employod, and its results, which were asked for from all qualified medical men. But this body entirely 'suppressed the returns sent in by the homoeopathic practitioners; and Sir Benjamin Hall, when questioned in the House of Commons by Lord Robert Grosvenor as to the cause of this omission, produced a resolution passed by the couucii, to the effect,that by introducing them they would' compromise the value and utility of the averages of cures as deduced from the operations of known remedies.'' How could tbey have compromised them if the ratio of deaths had been shown to be greater under homasopathic than under allopathic treatment ? If on the other hand, the returns proved that the average mortality was less under the new than under the old treatment, was not that suppression a grave breach of trust—an act of bifiottedj oppression—which evinced small care for the progress of science? We do not pretend to penetrate their motives, but it certainly appears strange that they should have abstained from a step which, if homoeopathy be as impotent as they aver, would have enabled them to vanquish their adversaries ty the aid of their own statistics. Another eyamplc of this despotism of the orthodox school occurred at Sheffield about two years mid a half ago, when Mr J.H. Smith, the medical ofliccr of the union, was compelled to resigu his appointment, because, as the assistant secretary to lhe Poor Law Board wrote to him, he had 1 adopted a 6ystem of medical treatment which is not recognised by any of the constituted m.'dicul authorities ot the country,' in other words because he had embraced homoeopathy from conviction. We have got rid of religious tests, but the victory over tiie thirty-nine articles of the lt iyal College of Physiuans yet remains to be achieved." After all, Sir, as you say, the proof of the pudding is in the eating. Yours obediently, l'.S.—The following extract fr.un a little tract on homocpathy is very much at the service of the South Xarra Medicus : — " Never was a greater blunder than the fallacy that homeopathy inc^us small doses. It is no more a pillule that allop.'tliy is a pill. Smash the big bottles of a common doctor, make him use drops instead of quarts, and still he is an allopath. Similarly steal bis pills, make him give quarts instead of drops, and you do not change the homoepath. You cannot convert them into their opposites by such means as these. And why? Because each is distinguished by a principle that quantity docs not touch. Hommpat by declares that whenever a certain medicine cures a certain complaint, it is true to say that iu a healthy person it would produce a similar complaint Hence, it is by experiaicntiug on the sound that it restores the weak. Allopathy experiments unhappily only on the weak, aud as often ends by killing them. Since Hahnemann first planted it, its growth has been gigantic. It is naturalized in Austria, Switzerland, Prussia, Italy, Germany, and America. In the state of New York alone, upwards of 400 practitioners dispense it; in Frauds about 30U; in England a larger number still." i find that the new Governor-General of India micdiately appointed a homoeopathic physician to liis household, and I believe that Sir Charles Darling has done the same. 13ut then these are " among the educated and otherwise intelligent that singularly euough are the advocates of this monstrous imposture." LUDICROUS CMOUMSIAIFCE AT THE MAHKIST DRAYTON THEATRE, SHROPSHIRE, IN 1801.—In an old periodical of this date, which I picked up at an old book-stall, is the following humorous story, which appears at the time to have been dulyautlieuticated. Itruus thus:—"Aludicrous circumstance lately occurred at the Market Drayton Theatre. The company were perform ing • Pizarro,' when, during the hymn to the sun, the lights beiug placed too near to the transparent scene of that luminary,.it unfortu nately took fire! The manager who was officiating as high priest, just after singing the words ' O power supreme!' observed the mishap, aud in the utmost consternation shouted out to the stagekceper, 'The sun's on fire!' fcitill, however, he proceeded with the hymn,and again, after the words before quoted, the poor manager frantically exclaimed, 'G racious, man, put out the sun I don't I tell you it's ou fire'. The sun, however, continued to blaze, aud the manager to alternately siug, and even swear, till the audience, notwithstanding their own fears, were literally convulsed with laughter. The sun however, was ultimately extinguished, aud the play proceeded.''—Another writer adds:«-"The iate theatrical accident in Shropshire is not the first instance of a manager being scorched by a flume of liis own kindling. During tho time of Mr (iafrick's performance in Goodman's Fields the stage rose so much from the lamps to the back scenery that it was very difficult for a performer to walk properly on it, and unfortunately it was then the custom to introduce their ghosts (in the play of '.laiulet'), in a complete suit— not of gilt leather—but of real armour. The dress fur this august personage was one night, in honour of ilr Uarrick's Hamlet, borrowed from the Tower, and was consequently rather too ponderous for the royal Dane. The moment; therefore, that he was put at tho trapdoor, unable to keep his balance, lie rolled down tbe stage to the lamps, which catching the feather in his helmet the ghost seemed in danger of being consumed by mortal fires, till a gentleman roared out from the pit, 'Help! Help! the lamps have caught the cask of your spirits, and, if the iron hoops fly, the house will be in a blaze! The commotion may be easily imagined. The curtain dropped, nnd the affrighted attendants ran ou the stage carried off theghost, and quenched the fire, by layiug him in a tubof water."—Shrewsbury Chronicle.' THE DANES.—People breakfast at nine, dine at three, and sup at ten, on returning from t.he theatre or the public gardens. Soup follows the fab, and smoked salmon is served up with meat. Tea is taken to breakfast— milk at supper. The theatre opens at five and closcs at nine. The hours for dinner and theatre, albeit denounced by M. de Flaux as a century behindhand, are in reality the best adapted for the preservation of health and longevity. The celebrated equestrian Rentz, who, with his company, is at Vienna in winter, spends the summer in tho North, aud more especially in Copenhagen, whose inhabitants are especially partial to horsemanship. Tho Court attend these circuses with the simplicity of citizens. The loyalty and probity of the Danes is proverbial. 11. de Flaux, a llomanist, says—"It is marvellous to see in how short a time Protestantism has subdued and moralized tlicm." The coasts of Zcelaud and the archipelago were of yore the repairs of bandit. The hardy natives despised agriculture, and, devoted themselves wholly to fishing and piracy. Every man was a wreckcr, even the Bishop at their head. There is now neither burglar, highwayman, nor wrecker in th"j laud. If there is a thief, ten to one he is an alien. Everywhere marshea and forests are giving way to fat pastures and magnificent oops. Tha people have to come down from.the hills, whence they used to watch the storm- tossed ships as their proximate prey, and have gathered together in villages, and in towns. The comfort and cleanliness of a Danish cottage can only find its rival in England. The people have also become as calm and ' as pacific as once they were turbulent and bellicose. In their public gardens, their markets, or even their taverns, such a thing as a quarrel or a row is almost unheard of.—' Colburn's Hew Monthly Magazine.' GAMBALDI.—A meeting of the City Garibaldi Committee was held on Monday evening at the London Tavern. After some discussion it was resolved that for the present the testimonial fund should be closed. Mr J. Eicbardson mentioned that he bad good reason to believe that Garibaldi would revisit England before long. AEEIVAL OP THE CEICKETEES FBOM AUS- TRALIA.—Tho cricketers arrived ou Monday morning via Marseilles and Paris—Carpenter, G. Parr, Tarrant, aud Hayward, being present at Lord's Ground afterwards. Mr Grace stays a month longer, aud Caffyn is engaged for three years. A Philadelphia paper, under tbe appropriate heading of " The Balance of Blood," adds up the losses of the Federals and Confederates during the war to the end of 1863. According to this statement the Confederates lost 28,147 killed, 99,4G9 wounded, 89,049 prisoners,aud 130,000 men who have died of fever and other diseases—in all, 347,465 meu. The Federals have lost 40,9GG killed 132,745 wounded, aud 89,959 prisoners, besides no less than 290,000 men who have perished of fever, making a total of 552,728 men; or an aggregate on both sides of over 900,000 men—a fright- ful total which by this time has probably increased to seven figures. It will be observed that while the number of prisoners is nearly the same on both sides, ar.d the losses in killed and wounded are about proportionate, there is an enormous CXCGES of Federals who have died in camp. We learn from the same source that there has been an extraordinary increase in the number of. women admitted into asylums who have become insane though the los3 of brothers, sons, or husbands. Such are some of the losses of the war to put against the enormous gains of the New York contractors and the shoddyocracy. . THE WBONG STOMACH.—'Boston' (U.S.) Traveller tells a story of a lady who was staying with her husband at an hotel. In the night the husband was taken very ill with spasms iu the stomach. The wife went and procured some mustard aud made a poultice in his handkerchief. She returned, as she thought to his room, aud raising the bedclothes, <fcc., laid the warm poultice upon a stomach but not the stomach of her lord." Hallo there? What the—arc you about?" shouted a voice of thuuder, and the body and sleeves, whence it issued, sprung out of bed. The lady screamed aud ran; her husband rushed to the rescue from the nest room, the waiters joined, and a small scene ensued, much to tht amusement of all coucenied. At the Judicial Committee'of Privy Council on Juno 23, there was an ex parte hearing of a petitiou ou the part of Bishop Colenso, praying that an appeal might be admitted against tho Bishop of Capetown's judgment, deposing tho petitioner. The petition was ordered to stand over till the sitting after Michtelmas term. The magistrates of Middlesex had a meeeting recently, .Mr. Pownall presiding, wlien Mr. Serjeaut Payne moved, and Mr. Harwood seconded that the magistrates should petition Parliament against the Prisons Bill, now before the House of Commons, ou the ground that it would empower the Secretary of State to appoint Roman Catholic chaplains to the gaols agaiust the wish of the magistrates. The motion was carried by a largo majority, and a form of petition was adopted, aud ordered to be forwarded to Mr. Ncwdegate for presentation. The Pri'ice of Wales is going to shoot at Wimbledon, at the rifle contest. St Wilfred's, new lioman Catholic Church, which has been crccted under the " shadow" of York Minster, has been opened by Cardinal Wiseman, It is a beautiful edificc, has cost about £10,000, and lias been built on the site of a chapel which had been used for many years by the Catholics. '• CHALK vouit UonniNS."—Every one knows that o'd Sir Robert I'eel, father of the Into Prime Minister of England, and grandfather of the present baronet, made his money by cotton-spinning. In the early p;irt of his Jareer his busincsswas not remarkably extensive, but suddenly ho made a tremenduus start, and soon distanced all his rivals. He grew immensely rich, as we all know, but we do not all know the lucky accident to which he was indebted for his enormous wealth. In tho early days of the cotton-spinning machinery, a great deal of trouble used to be caused by filaments of cotton adhering to the bobbins or tapes which then formed portions of looms. These filaments accumulating soon clogged the wheels and other parts of tbe machinery, and rendered it necessary ibat they should be clcaned, which involved frequent stoppages and much loss of time, Tlio great desideratum was to find out some plan of preventing this clogging by the cotton, and Sir llobcrt, or Mr Peel, as he was then, spent vast sums in experiments. He employed tome of the ablest niachanists in the kingdom—among them James V/att—who suggested various corrections j but, spite of nil they could do, the inconvenience remained,—tbc cotton would adhere to the bobbins, and the evil appeared to be insurmountable. Of course these delays seriously affected tho wages of the operatives, who on Saturdays generally came short in proportion to the stoppages during the previous days. It was noticed, however, that one man always drew his full pay, his work was always accomplished : in fact his loom never had to stop, while every other in the factory was idle. Mr Pc-el was informed of this, and knew there must be a secret somewhere. It was important that itsliould be discovered if possible. The man was watched, but nil to no purposebis fellow-workmen tried to " pump" him, but they could not; at last Mr Peel sent for the man into his private office. Ho was a rough Lancashire man, unable to read or write—little hotter, indeed, than a mere animal, lie entered his presence pulling his forelock and shuffling on the ground with bis great clumsy shoes. " Dick," said Mr Peel, "Ferguson, the overlooker, tolls me your bobjins are always clean; is that so 2'' Ee's, master, 'it be." " Well Uick, how do you manage it ? have you any objection to let me know ?" •« Why, Master Pill, t be a soart of secret loike, ye see, and if oi told, t'others kuow's much as oi," replied Dick, with a cunning gril 1 ,;,. ",9 l °°" lr60 . Dick, I'll give you something if you ll.tell me, and if you can make nil the looms iu tho factory work as smooth us youre." " Ev'ry qne'n them. Master Pill." « Well, what shall I give you? Name your price Dick, nnd let mo have your secret. Dick grinned, scratched and shook his great her.d, and shuffled for n few minutes, while Mr Peel anxiously awaited his reply. The cotton lord thought Ins servaut would probably ask a hundred pounds or so, which he wonld most willingly have given him. Presently Diclc said," Well Master Pill, I'll tcl'ee all about il, if you'll rive me a quart o> beer a day as long u I'm in the Sil L y 2!i u*"^ Mr Fed rather thought he should, mud quick]* agreed to the UNM. "YOU shall tawiTw^l^ tallA gallon every Sunday into the Bargain." "Well then," said Dick, first looking cautiously mound to see that no one was near—"This it be," and putting his lips dose to Mr Peel's ears, lie. whispered, " Chalk yonr bobbins!" That indeed was tbe great secret. Dick had been in tbe habit of furtively chalking his bobbins, which simple contrivance bad effectually prevented the adhesion of tbe cotton. As the bobbins were white, the chalking escaped detection. Mr Peel was a sagacious man, and «aw tbrongh the sfEiir at a glance. He pt'ence patented the invention, bad "chalking" ijinchimrv contrived, and soon took tbe lead in the w.'. spinning department. This was the foundation c.f his princely fortnne. It is but rigbt to add that hu pensioned Dick handsomely.—' AKOTUEB KON-MNDICL'S. ? ? Scientific American.' 