SUCCESSFUL ACCLIMATISATION OF THE CINCHONA PLANT. [FROM THE GRADENERS' CHRONICLE] —Yours,— A Rural Philologist. -Ararat Adver tiser, May 17. We have on several occasions quoted articles in reference to the introduction of this im portant plant into the mountain districts of the East Indies, and from what follows it will be seen that success has attended the efforts of Mr Markham who was employed to obtain and transport the plants from the land of the alpaca. It is now high time that an effort were made to establish the cinchona on this con tinent, not only that we may supply, as we ought to do our own wants, but because the great demand for the bark has materially reduced the natural sources of supply. YVe have on several occasions noticed the successful progress of the cinchona plantations in the East Indies; and wo are now gratified to learn from a report by Mr Wilson, dated December, 1863, that the experiments which have been made in respect to the cultivation of this valuable drug-yielding plant in the West Indies promise also to result in a successful issue, under certain conditions of climate. Mr Wilson states that seeds of the quinine yielding cinchonas were received at the Botanic Gardens, Bath, Jamaica, of which he has the charge, in the autumn of 1860, and by the following autumn he had succeeded in rearing upwards of 400 healthy plants, quite ready for planting out. Unfortunately, as in some other first experiments, the selection of a proper site for their' final establishment was overlooked, and the consequence of the subse quent-treatment the plants had to undergo was the loss of about half their number. However, continues Mr Wilson, “being wishful to, prove by every means in my power, the result of the experiment of testing the adaptability of the plants (constitutional and climatic) for cul tivati on in the higher altitudes of this island—finding the climate of Bath, as the summer approached by far too warm—I had the whole of them removed, in small pots, to Cold Spring Coffee plantation, the elevation being about 4000 feet and placed under artifi cial treatment. I soon found the climate and soil of that locality to I e all I could desire for the plants; and, as it afforded every facility for carrying out so valuable an experiment, I at once availed myself of it, and planted out in coffee fields on the 16th of November, 1861, several plants of each species, then about 2 or 2£ inches in height. In 12 months after, a ptaat of the red bark; oiaohona suwirubra, had attained the height of 44 inches, with leaves measuring 13£ inches long by 8| inches broad. The same plant, now two years old, measures 6 feet in height, with 10 branches, having a circumference of stem at tho base of inches. The grey barks, cinchona nitida and C. mic raatha, being of more slender growth, have not made such rapid progress. The highest has attained to 5 feet, with three branches; the leaves, however, aro larger, and measure 14 inches by 10 inches. So far ex periment has proved eminently successful.” In the months of August and September, 1862, the major part of the plants were, it appears, again removed to Bath. They were now from 18 to 20 months old, a critical ago, as Mr Wilson observes, for forest trees in flower-pots under artificial treatment; and in tho uncongenial climate of Bath they would soon have died had they not been shortly after wards (in October) planted out at Mount Essex, near Bath, at an altitude of 2000 feet or little more. This site was selected as a temporary one, to save tho plants alive, until a better could be obtained, and has so far answered tho purpose that tho majority are healthy, but their progress has been slow; the soil being too stiff and loamy to admit of the free and rapid escape of the heavy rains which fall in ton-ents during the greater part of the year, and the altitude being also too low. The red bark is, however, found to thrive at a much lower altitude than the others, and is altogether a more robust and hardy tree. Mr Wilson strongly urges on the authorities the acquisi tion of an eligible site near tho place where his successful experiment was carried out, and tho speedy transfer thither of the young trees, which as yet are not too large for re moval. We quite agree with the author of this re port, that the fact thus established, namely that tho climate of the higher, and many of the intermediate mountains of Jamaica has been thus found suitable for tho cultivation of the most valuable of the quinine-yielding plants, cinchona succirubra, is a very important one, not only in respect to its bearing upon the prosperity of the island itself, but also in reference to the supply of quinine, which has become one of the necessaries of modern life. We trust the. knowledge thus acquired may be speedily, successfully, and profitably applied, so that, as Mr Wilson remarks, the plants may in a short period extend over the length and breadth of the island, and secure those advan tages to the country which they are capable of conferring. What is an Intelligent Farmer ?—A humorous correspondent of the North[ British Agriculturist supplies the following answer to this query:—Sir,—I am not sure that Sir Robert Peel’s famous question. “ What is a pound ?” has ever been answered, and I am equally at a loss to discover what meaning is attached to the phrase “ an intelligent farmer.” A “ gentleman,” we know, is a man who drives a gig, but nobody can define what it is to be drunk. I have some notion what “ a highly respectable farmer ” means when, tho phrase is used by a wealthy proprietor. It means a man who, having made or inherited a sum of money, hastens to hand it over bodily to said landlord in exchange for the honor of requiring a lease that makes him a farm steward without a salary, and a gamekeeper without wages. “ An intelligent farmer” seems to have various meanings. When used by the editor of the iV. B. Agriculturist, it seems to mean (occa sionally at least) a man who believes that wheat can be grown as cheaply in Scotland as in any other part of tho globe — say, at 25s per quarter. When a youth aspiring to bo a penny liner, talks of “ an intelligent farmer,” he means that he, the said youths looks down upon the whole body in general, and the “intelligent farmer” in particular, with supreme through patronising contempt. In the gread guano war—tho battle of our bags —it is quite clear that each manufacturer when he uses the phrase “ intelligent farmers,” means farmers who buy his manures. Gener ally speaking, when a person uses the phrase “ an intelligent farmer,” he means a man who agrees with him in opinion, or if he talks of a very “ intelligent farmer,” ho means a man he has succeeded in doing in a bargain. The last I have seen in the guano war, is a rather smart pamphlet hailing from London, which, after showing that all guanos are far too dear, and all manufactured articles rubbish save one (which happens to be the property of the writer), goes on to define “ an intelligent farmer” as being a person who sees at a glance that phospho guano is only worth £7 10s per ton. (What about I)r. Anderson’s intelligence in that case, if he thinks it worth £11 or £12?) Upon the whole, “an in telligent farmer ” seems to be a respectable, moderately -rich, and particularly stupid individual.- Luminous Pungi. —We must conclude that lumi nour fungi are rapidly increasing in many parts of Victoria ; whether the cause proceed from the earth or the climate, or both, it is difficult to say, but cer tainly if every season brings a multiplication cor responding to this, they will become as much a cha racteristic of the country as glow worms are of South America. On Saturday last, Mr Greenside, of Dutton’s Gully, showed us one so large and phos phorescent as to light up the moderately sized room in which it was placed; and on Sunday night we observed several within an area of fifty acres, gloam ing with a dull bluish light amongst the holes on the Canton Lead. As may be observed by the news papers, they are plentiful at Talbot and Ballaarat; it would therefore appear the quality of upturned earth is more pooularly suited for their growth. These fungi may be observed in the bush, but they cannot be regarded as at all plentiful. It may bo interesting to know that some'of the aboriginal tribes regard then M CYll 