TO CORRESPONDENTS, Several letters iu typo. . ' ' Sin George Giiey adopted the proper policy when lie refused to arrest tiie progress of General Cameron and told the Maories that the way to obtain peace was to surrender tlioir arms. The wisdom of tlie resolve has been demonstrated by subsequent circum stances which suggest a strong suspi cion that Wji. Thompson's humility after tlio defeat of Bangiriri was designed to obtain breathing time with tho view to itirther resistance. The additional intelligence which each mail from the seat ot war brings us shows how great would have been the blunder of eagerly catching at the chance of a peace which would hnve been but tho forerunner of future struggles. The news which we to-day publisn from Auckland shows that there is one powerful and warlike tribe, the Ngatimninipotos, that, supported by other and weaker tribes, is confident of being able to reverse tho fortune of Itangiriri. They liavo constructed pahs, and apparently made every preparation for a stout resistance. Wore these men allowed to retain the proud con fidence in their prowess that now impels them to their ruin, the settlers would have been dissatisfied, and the British Government, which has been so gener ously and vigorously prompt with its assistance, no loss so. Sir GEonoE Giiey was right in maintaining pence till the excess of provocation had won all to a vigorous prosecution of war; right when he mndc such re presentations as would obtain him ! substantial assistance from the Bri tish Government ; and still more right now, when, having good troops and plenty of them, with a competent General, he determines to do that which we apprehend we may as- I sumo new to bo his policy — to break ! for over the Maori power, to the ndvan- j tage alikd of the native und the British colonist. j Parliament will meet this afternoon , fur the dispatch of such business as i Mr. McCulloch and his colleagues may call upon it to transact; and Sir ciianles Darling will, in the usual platitudes which ministers put into the j mouths . of governors, give a brief , resnme of the probable labours of the ' session. He will, doubtless, felicitate i the country upon the state of the revenue, which only shews a deficiency of some L300,000; he will inform tho Assembly that the estimates have beon framed with a due regard to I economy, but that proper attention has been paid to the exigencies of the public service; ho will announce that his advisers, who promised at the close of last session to "administer tlie Land Bill with as careful a regard to all the interests involved as the importance of the subject demands," have determined ti re-introduce, with a few modifica tions, the hill which was thrown out last session by the Upper House. He will also lightly touch on a low such measures of general utility as the con solidation of tho statutes and the regu lation of mining upon private property, and indulge in a few of the vague generalities and words of courso which suggest themselves to the underling who is entrusted with concocting the padding for the vice-rogal speech. Ministers deserve at any rate this negative credit, that they have kept their policy a profound secret from friends as from foes. Not even tho laithlul Eamsay nor the trusting 'Gtitdl'estone have -been 'allowed. to enter the awful recesses in which tho Virtuous Hioinbotiiam takes counsel with tbe'asiiit? Bellows, as to how host thoy should carry out the intentions of that great land reformer IlnALHl Til? oracles through which the high priest usually gives utterance to tho inten tions >f the divinity have either been altogether silent, or at best have uttered an uncertain note. Perhaps this reticence is not so vevy wonderful after all. Perhaps like Canning's knife grinder the stipendiary journals had no story to tell, and the Govern ment had no policy upon tho land or anj' other question. Is it too violent a presumpiion that the only platform upon which t-hey arc all agreed is their desire to retain office and draw their salaries. Tlio only thing we are now told is that the Land Bill which lost session was thrown out by the Council, hy a majority of-sixteen to ten, is to be again introduced, with one or two unimportant alterations. Now, in tho name of common-sense, we protest against the time of tho country being taken up with any such nonsense. What is the use of exhausting the patienco of hon. members in discuss ing and redisenssing questions upon which" every man in tho colony has by this time made up bis mind ? Is there any probability of the measure receiving the nsscnt of the Council '! If there is not, it is an insult to the people, through their representatives, to ask them to sit night after night, debating on a bill whioh Ministers know full well will be rejected in tho Upper House, and to undergo this useless labour for no other apparent reason than that Mr. He ales and his party may have a good cry to go to the country with when Par liament is dissolved. The dodges of the present dishonest coalition nro thoroughly understood out' of doors. Will members of Parliament affect a wilful blindness, which can deceive, no one but themselves ? The conservative members of tlie Cabinet will allow tho introduction of any mensure, no 'matter how liberal or even revolutionary it be, nay, thoy will even vote for it, on the understanding thnt it is to meet its coup cle grace in tho Council, in pre cisely tho same manner as the Presi dent of the Board of Land and Works was permitted by the Victorian Associa tion and Mr. Bellows to attempt anything ho pleased, because they knew that it would be upset by the Supremo Court. No sane man believes that Bellows, M'Cullocii, or Heiivey would really give their assent to a land bill providing a fixed price and deferred payments. The trick of Mr. Heales, and thoso colleagues who may be pre sumed to act with him, is quite suffi ciently transparent. They have bartered their principles for place ; they have ratted on the most important question which can ever come before Parliament. Let them be at least candid, admit their baseness, nnd plead in extenua tion their poverty, their stupidity, or their want of firmness ; but do not let these asses assume tho lion's skin, and pretend that they are still working in the liberal interest, lest their bray he- tray them. The mail brought a despatch Irom the Secre tary of State fur the Colonics to his Excellency Sir Charles Darling, acknowledging1 tho receipt of tho Melbourne petitions against the kidnap ping of the natives of tlio Sculii Son Islands by persons acting under the Pcruvinn flag. Tli Duke apprises his Excellency thnt the rctltion will be laid before the Imperial Parliament in the course of the next sc-sion, nnd requests that tlio subscribers may be informed tliut tlie Peru vian Government lias notified that the traffic lias been stopped. Another session of tlio Victorian Parliament will bo innugurntcd to-duy. The colonial Lords and Commons have been summoned to attend in order to dolihcrate upon the nffiiirs of the country. This afternoon, at two o'clork, the cercmoni-i of formally opening tho Chambers will tako place. At that hour his Exc-ltcncy Sir Charles Darling will visit tlie Legislative Council, nnd, niter commanding the attendance 1 of tlio Legislative Assembly, will deliver the ' speech. The usual formalities will be observed on the nrrivnl and departure of tlio Governor. In the Vsscmbly tlie ntdress in reply, to tlie spcccli will lie moved by Mr Casey, tlio member for Sandhurst, and seconded by Mr Thomson, M.L.A. for Evelyn. Wo believe that no amendment on tho address will bo moved. In the Upper House two now members will be in troduced nnd sworn in, Mr J. D. Pinnock for the North-Wcslern, and Mr Turnbull for the Eastern Province. Messrs Glass, Elliot, nnd Co have assumed the management of the telegraph lines between Alexandria nnd Suez, nnd, in a circular an nouncing the fuel, they ndd that AuHrnlinn ns well ns I ndiiin nnd Chinese firms dcsirou9 of u ing the wires should pay into the Bank of Egypt a sufficient sura to cover the cost of messages, which can bo forwarded unpaid from the Suez office. Tlie officials of the Bank see tlie receipts, but not the messages. Messages from Europe to Melbourne or Adelaide addressed to the Post Office, mny be received in tlio same way. The remittances must be made direct to tho Bank of Egypt, London, or Alexandria. By the arrival of the Bombay from Sydney we are in receipt of papers from thnt place to 22nd inst, and Queensland to 10th inst; and via Sydney, of dates from Auckland to lHli inst; Invercnrgill, ICtli inst; nnd Lyttleton to 14th inst. The nrrivnl of the Aldingn puts us in possession of files from Duneilin to 18th inst. The Sydney papers are principally taken up with Parliamentary proceedings and tlio sum mary for England. Tlie New Zealand papers are also deep in monthly detniii. A meeting of past and present shareholders in tlie Provident Institute was hold last evening at tha Mechanics' Institute in order torrccive propositions with a view to effecting n compro mise. Our reporter was informed that the pro ceedings were of a strictly private nature. Thn usual weekly meeting of tho City Council was held ycs'crday, but the busiiics" trausacted was unimportant. A letter was read from Sir Henry Barldy acknowledging tlie receipt of the Corporation's farewell address to him and promising to present his portrait to he placed in tlie Town Hall. Six persons were appointed ns valuators for tlie purpose of malting the annual assessment of tlie buildings within tho city; Mj John Porter, ci-devant managing director ol the Provident Institute, is domiciled at Cnlh'.o, where lie arrived by the American ship Clara from Melbourne. The 'RcdnU, which left Mel bourne sevcrnl weeks after tbo Clara, conveyed Mrs Porter to her husband. During a recent discussion by the Castlomaine Mining Foard on tlie subject of the co«t of managing, commons, it transpi-ed that in the district represented by the board, the fees charged for depasturing wero frequently utterly inadequate to cover expenses. Tho annual meeting of tho Melbourne Mechanics' Institution takes place this evening, at eight o'clock. Tiie number of visitors to the National Museums of Natural History, Geology, and Economic Geology, applied to mining, agricul ture, nnd the arts, during the week ending tho 23rd J nnunry, was 82-3. I a iiO N, i\\. Kail say; '.Vrnt " last week, when tlie All-England Eleven wero passing through Castlcmaine, en route for Melbourne, a discus sion took place at the Imperial hotel, where the Eleven put up, ns to the walking capabilities of " young Day" nnd other Victorian pedestrians. Tarrant dec'aved himself ready to walk or run certain pnrties on certain terms. Mr Grace was in tho room, and challenged Tarrant i n tlie Bpot to run 100 yards for n moderate sura. The clinllengo was immediately accepted, the money staked, and tlie men stripped. The ground was measured nnd judges ehosc-n. The men got away in good style, rnnniog well together for the fi -st (en yards. Then Mr Grace took the lead at r rattling pace, pressed hard by Torrant. Grace, however, increased his speed in fine pedestrian stylo, winning by about five yards. The race was one of the swlftes t wc have seen for years. Tiie Melbourne correspondents of some of the up-2onntry journals occasionally supply their principals with items of metropolitan intelli gence which quite escape the attention of tlio Melbourne press. This circumstance 1iibi long appeared una countable to tlio conductors of Iho newspapers to whose columns the public natu rally look for tlio earliest information respecting incidents of a purely lornl significance, aud tho character for industry and astutenesiof their reporting staff lia', to some exteut, been jeopar dised. The murder, however, is now out; tlio correspondents arc gifted witli a special faculty, their exclusive property, which they bring to the nid of the ordinary intelligence nnd capacity of n reporter. They possess the property of nnti.'ipntiiig events ; in short, thoy are clairvoy ants. Being thus endowed witli tlie power of prevision, they nro, of courso, able to anticipate events which others not siniilnrly gi toil regard ns still in the egg of tho future. Thus tlie correspondent of tlio Bendlgo Advertiser, eager to apprise that journal of tho favourable reception which it seems, judging by the tone of bis communication, is to be accorded to the "real ghost.' nt the Princess' Theatre, write?, under date of llis 23rd inst., ns follows : — " The Princess' Thsatre, which lias for soino time been closed in consequence of Mr. Fawcett's- removal to Sew Zen'and, was re-opened this evening, under the superintendence of Mr. G. W. Cosford. Tho chief attraction of the entertainment con sisted in the exhibition of the bona fide " Ghost," Us exhibited by Processor Pepper, of London. The illusion was complete, and threw all prior colonial attempts at things spiritual into the shade. Mr. Gosford also gave an electro biological seance, performingsnmereaily astound ing feats." 1 1 would certainly have been better hnd the writer instend of fixing tlio affair to " this evening,'' extended the scope of the date, inasmuch ns up to seven o'clock last night not only had tlie ghost not mndc its appearance, nnd Mr. Cosford's really astounding feats were yet to be performed, but tiie Princ.ss' Theatre had not even re-opened under tlie management of that gentleman " or any other mau." A cricket match was played on Snturday between Iho Brunswick and Emerald Hill Clubs, on tlie ground of tlie latter club. Tlie game resulted in favour of Brunswick by six runs. Tho Brunswick men scored 59 against 41 of Emerald Hill. For Brunswick, Lnwrcmon scored sixteen, Whitby, Smith, and Itlgby five each ; whilst for Emerald Ilill, O'llcgaii made twenty, not out, and Best nino. The Lyttel ton Times s.ays — Thnt Cobb nrd Co are extending their operations, anil intend run ning coaches to tlio Wnitaki, and propose to run n tri-weeklv line to Timaru, if thoy meet with sufficient encouragement. Wc believe that there is renson to conclude thai Dr. King Ii as friends nt Ballaarat wiiSnow his inclinations better than lie docs liiinself, and that iieis not likely to come forward for Ballaarat. Eight of tlio first eleven of South Melbourne, on Snturday, played a match against the same number of the first eleven of tlio Press, tlie scene of tiie game being tiie ground of tlie l former. Some very good fielding was exhibited I on liehalf of tlie Press, but, notwithstanding, their opponents managed to obtain a score of 75, of which Jlnrnctt contributed 19 and MQ- li'Jgc- 17 runs. The Press =coieii 5-1, of which Pitt obtained 1G, all well got, leaving a balance in favour of South Melbourne of 21 runs. A vry equal match, so far as it has gono although a drawn one, was the result of a con test on tlie same ground between tlie Fitzroy eleven nnd tlio second eleven of South Mel bourne. The former made in one innings 102 runs, of which Buclinn, Brown, and Fielding ! each obtained 12, and "Walker 24; while on behalf of South Melbourne, who lost six wickets for 67 runs, Lyali, B. Walker, nnd Gales respectively plarod to their credits 25, 14, and 10 runs. Tiie chief officer of tho Grcsliam ngnlnst whom alone charges were brought of improperly sending a letter to one of tlio female immigrants on the pissagc out, nnd subsequently d'sobcying the captain's orders while in port, has In addi tion to imprisonment, been dismissed the ship, and ills wages forfaited. Tlio Imigrntion De partment speak in tlio highest terms of Captain Brnyley, surgeon-superintendent Crane, nnd tho other officers. Several changes have taken place In tlie con stitution of the detachment of the -lOlli regiment, which left this colony for nctivo service in New Zealand a few months ngo. Cnptnin Bnddclcy, who was in command, has left the Imperial for the local service, while Lioutcnant Brook has liccn promoted to tlie vacant captaincy. Among tlio passengers hy tlie Aldingn, yesler- dny, was the hon. Render Wood, who proceeds by tliis mail to England, for tiie purpose of nego tiating a loan of IB, 000,003 for tlio New Zenlnnd Government in the English money market. Mr Holmes, C E., the well-known rnilway contrac tor, who is now engnged in constructing tlie railway from Cliristeliuicli to Lyttleton, also re turned to tliis colony by the Aiilingo. The Allinmbra steaindiip conveyed away, yes terday, the celebrated eleven of All England. Upon embarking they were greeted with the hearty cheers of numerous friends who had assembled to see them off; and while the vessel lay alongside, and indeed even after lior depar ture, tlie wlinrf was crowded witli those who wished to wavo a temporary adieu to the " Old England Eleven," and to wish them luck and God speed. Tiie Geeiong Advertiser complains of tlie delay in bringing the mails of the Madras from Qucenscliff to Geeiong. Only a small portion was forwarded on tlie Friday, and tlie Post-office authorities ordered the rest to bo sont on by any conveyance thnt could be procured. Tlie Bnl- lanrat train was lost. It appears that this is the first effort under the new contract. Castlcmaine is not very enthusiastic nboul the foithcomiMg All England match, and it is diffi cult to get a quorum of cricketers to trnnsnct business with regard to it. Tlio borough council is to he asked for n donation towards tfio neces sary expenses. A very graceful presentation was made on Saturday evening to Mr Robert Watson, of tlio firm of Messrs W. Watson and Sons (ono of the largest importing houses in tiie soft goods trade in tlio colonies), on tlie occasion of his leaving for England on a short visit. Tlio tes timonial consisted of a handsomely mounted emu's egg, nnd bore an inscription expressive of the high C9teein in which Mr Watson is held hy all in tlie employ of tlie firm. The dinner, which was provided hy Messrs Mnliam and King at tlie cafe, was done justice to, and tlie evening was spent in n very agreeable manner. With reference to the stlcking-up of Mr Gilb.-e, it appears there was not a fireman on duty nt the gate of tho Town-hail, nnd there never is, the watch being kept in tlie tower. In consequence of the lax attendance on tlio part of tlie members of tlio Jockey Club last night, tlio meeting nil vev tiled to take place at the Albion Hotel lapsed. Tlie Diylesi'oi'd, Express says — " On Thurs day, the Hon. John O'slianossy arrived in Daylcsford on n visit to his son-in- law, Nicholas Fitzgerald, Esq. Wo believe that tlie advent of the late Premier was not altogether uncon nected witli the proposed establishment of a branch of the Colonial Bank." A young man nnmcd Thomas O'Brien, in the employment of Mr Ilyslip, a cab proprietor, mot witli o severe accident while riding along the Dnndonong rond on Sunday eveping. It sicms that tlie horse lie was riding bjcarac unmanage able, and threw its rider against n tree, tlie blow brooking his left thigh. Ifc was soon afterwards conveyed to tlie hospital.! Samuel Orr, aged 23 years, one of Colonel Pitt's militiamen, received a severe injury while going on ooard the Gresham on Sun day evening. His foot caught in iho eablo, near tlie gangway, and he was precipitated into the hold, and on being taken to tiie hospital, yesterday, it wns diicovcred that lie had received a severe concussion of the Bpinc. The Hamilton Spectator learns " that during the past week soino unusually bold robberies have taken place in our town. There soeina to he no clue to tlie detection of tlie perpetrators of these .depredations. Actual experience, tlio most infallible of tests, certainly proves that we have not sufficient police protection, ' Tlio Dayiesford Express refers to nn Italian who lately siiot a Cornishmnn at the old race course, nnd lias not yet been apprehended. J t says, lie Is supposed to hnve taken refuge in one of the long tunnels that are so numerous In tho neighbourhood. Tlio Tnglcwood Advertiser having mentioned the return of Mr Onirics Millikin to Inglewood, continues, " During the wholo of yesterdny lie was well and healthy, bustling about and putting his house in order. Soon after eight o'clock lie hnd bathed himself in cold water, and imme diately afterwards lay in his wife's arms and breathing gent'y onee or twice, died. Dr. Crosslanci was called in, but his efforts to restore nninmtion were fruitless. " There were nearly sixty case3 on the list at the City Police Court, yesterday, hut none were of the slightest interest. Several of the drunkards were victims of Colonel Pitt's, who had cashed their advance notes and spent the larger portion cf the proceeds. Re'erring tp tho late outrage nt Harrow, an nccouut of wtich wc touk from the Hamilton Spectator, that journal now says: — It was pre mature to describe tho nffiir n3 a murder, as iiy the latest accounts tlio unfortunate man who wa9 : so grievously aisaulted, was still alive, although gra/o fears are entertained tlint he will not sur vive tlio very serious injuries which have b:eu inflicted on liim. The nnme ot the injured man is Burke, and a man named Simon Maionay had been brought before tho Harrow Polico Court and committed to Portland for trinl, charged witli the offence. Fr rm tho evidence adducod it appeared that the two men were carters on the roads and lmd been travelling togctiier iu n sort of matcship. At Saudford they had a misunder standing, which resulted in u violent quarrel, nnd they parted. On the 24th December they again met, at Harrow, and soma high words wero heard to liavo, passed between them. It seemed that bo'b partook somewhat freely of drink. Tlio drinking and the quar relling was kept up to n late hour, when Burke, overcome with liquor, laid down on tlie verandah of Heath's public house, nnd fell into a drunken sleep. Maloney returned to where his drays were enmped. Hero ho was seen, by some boys attached to the party, to arm himself with an nxe, and from his mutterings they thought lie meant mischief. Moloney went away, carry ing tlie nxo witli him, witli which lie returned after nn absence of about half an hour. Some women who wero still up, owing to its being Christmas eve, saw Maloney about this time go towards tlie verandah, nnd immed'a'ely nf.er they heard certain blows, which, however, they did not think much of at tlie tiiuc. The next morning Samuel llevion, tiie groom attached to tlie hotel, got up about daybreak to see to tlio departure uf the early nmil, when, lying on tlie i verandah, he discovered tlio unfortunate man I Burke in n moit pitiable condition. He was ! weitcriugin canguilcd biood, and seemed scarcely 1 nllv3. Dr Sutherland was at oaco sent ' for, nnd was speedily in attendance. In was ! found thai Burke's right leg nnd left aim had bctli sustained severe compound frac tures, evidently inflicted with some such weapon ns an axe. This wns not all, for there wore two largo wounds on tlio head, n severe wound on tlie left leg, and several more bruises evidently tho result of violcnthiows. In spite of thoso vory severe injuries, hy tho latest nceounts, Burke was sti'.l alive, nnd ha since the catastrophe been molt sedulously taken care of nt Heath's public house, Mr Warner, of Harrow, nnd Mr. Bevion, having been unremitting in their attendance to the poor fellow. He is still under the charge of Dr. Sutherland, who is doing all ho enn for him, hut Mr Warner writes us tlint lie Icnrs before this account appears, Burke will be no more. Professor Pepper's Ghost — by letters patent — a lie nsed spirit — an authorised gob'.in — ap peared last evening nt the Princess' Theatre. There can be no doubt of the success of tlio ex periment, tlie ghost certainly behaving in tlie most creditable manner, an.l nffording every op portunity to a numerous audience of witnessing tlie won lorful effects of Profesior Pepper's delusion. 