THE "KAPUNDA HERALD." Saturday, November 5th, 1864. The good town of Kapunda is making rapid strides in the path of material pros- perity and we view it as a matter of self- congratulation that we are placed in a position enabling us to identify ourselves with the future progress of this rising place. Nor would there appear to be any immediate limit to the career of steady improvement upon which it has lately entered, if the probable per- manence of the conditions which have conduced to that improvement can be viewed as an earnest of its continuance. Foremost amongst these is our advan- tageous position at the terminus of the Northern Railway, which already gives to Kapunda the character of a central em- porium for the agricultural and pastoral districts of the North, and will impress that character upon it yet more definitely as soon as enlarged storeage accommoda- tion, increased rolling stock, and a more liberal scale of charges, shall enable the railway successfully to compete with the road in the carriage of heavy goods. It is difficult to anticipate whether, in the event of the line being carried on to the Murray, or in the direction of Port Augusta, the shifting of the terminus would injuriously affect the interests of the township or otherwise. As a rule, it is the terminal stations that deliver the largest share of advantage from railway commu- nication ; and, without speculating on the possibility of a future which, in the pre- vailing state of opinion as regards railway construction and management, may reason- ably be viewed as far remote, it must be asserted that Kapunda has not been slow to reap the fruits derivable from the pro- minent position it now occupies. This is more particularly observable in the rapid enlargement of the place towards the north-east and north-west, in the high rents which are obtainable for houses and land, and in the generally thriving con- dition of trade, in all its branches. At the present rate, it will not be long before Kapunda attains to the fair proportions of her elder sister, Gawler. The discovery of several most promising mines will soon add a fresh impetus to the business-like activity that pervades the town ; and, altogether, " things is looking up " so cheeringly that it is only with regret that we feel called upon to notice one great drawback upon so much that is encouraging. There is, of course, a dark side to every picture ; and from one point of view, Kapunda presents a very dark aspect indeed. We allude to the frightful con- dition of most of the roadways in winter time; to the deficiency of proper and safe approaches from the surrounding country ; and to a state of things existing in the public streets, as well as in the back yards and other vacant spaces throughout the town, which argues a prevalence of habits very removed from neatness and, in certain respects, common decency, among some uf the inhabitants. A large majority of the dwellings are destitute of the com- monest appliances of cleanliness and com- fort ; while the unsightly and unsavoury dust heaps and other deposits of refuse matter which grace many of the vacant allotments and back streets are of them- selves sufficient to engender a pestilence, in the event of any considerable accessions to the population taking place during the summer. We are aware that several efforts have been made to apply the proper remedy to this crying evil, by bringing the town under Municipal government, but they have been invariably frustrated by the resistance of a majority, who are, for the most part, only temporarily interested in the well being of the place. Now, apart from the question of the morality exhibited in endeavouring to smother any attempt at useful reform by dint of sheer noise and vociferation, we are inclined to go with the " conservative " party so far, as to maintain that they have exhibited a very healthy instinct in refusing to sanction the appointment of a City Council. A Civic Corporation involves the titular in- fliction of a Mayor; and the Mayoralty involves much jostling between persons who may be more intent on attaining that distinction than on doing good service to the state in the less prominent, but equally honorable sphere of a Councillor. It is a weakness of human nature that civic bodies with a Mayor at their head, should con- sider themselves of higher importance than rural boards governed by a Chairman, and that this sense of importance should be apt to vent itself in well-salaried subordinate appointments, all deriving a borrowed lustre from the presiding fountain of honour. We should be very sorry to see anything of the kind established here, or to load our conscience with the nightmare of a future Town Hall. Be it, however, well understood, that we have no desire to reflect in the slightest degree on the practical usefulness of Municipal Corpo- rations already established, or to intimate that they have effected a less amount of good than the rural Councils. In point of actual utility there is probably not a pin to choose between them ; but we believe that the objects sought for are more gene- rally attained at less expense under the less pretentious of these forms of local self- government. There appears to be very little difference of opinion as to the desirability of rescuing Kapunda from its untidy state; and there is no doubt that a great improvement might be effected in this respect if our residents could be prevailed upon to act for once with something like unanimity, and form themselves into a District Council. The district would, under this supposition, stand in a much more favourable position tban most others, as the population is large, and the boundaries need not extend far beyond the limits of dense habitation, though it would be desirable that those limits should include adjacent portions of the various roads that radiate from the town, and have, therefore, to bear the larger amount of traffic. It may be ex- pected, then, that the rates to be levied would, under the circumstances, be almost nominal, while the advantages to be de- rived would be reflected in a vast immediate increase of(t raffic), and in the enhanced value of property throughout the town. We shall take an early opportunity of recur- ring to this important matter, which all who are interested in the progress of Kapunda must regard as their own. From remarks that were made at the City Council meeting last Monday, it appears that the slaughtering of diseased cattle for the consumption of the citizens is becoming quite a common practice. There is no proof at present that any such unwholesome meat has been killed at the City slaughterhouse; but there is, of course, nothing to prevent its being brought into town from the suburbs, where more laxity in enforcing needful slaughtering regulations may be supposed to exist. On the motion of Mr. Winter, it was deter- mined upon to appeal to Government for the appointment of a General Inspector of Cattle and Slaughterhouses: but why, in the name of all that is odoriferous, do not the Council take this matter into their own hands at once? They would have no con- trol over an Inspector appointed by Gover- ment, and, in view of Morphett-street, it would surely be more satisfactory at the present juncture to effect necessary reforms from their own unaided resources. Surely the collective wisdom of the civic represent- tatives is adequate for the prevention of the sale of diseased meat within their boun- daries. We imagine that the proposed official remedy would not only be utterly insufficient to meet the case, but would be doing actual harm, by creating a feeling of false security amongst those who are most interested. Effectually to superintend all the butchering which is carried on within a radius of a couple of miles around Adelaide, would be too severe a tax on the powers of any mortal inspector to justify the belief that his office could ever effect- ually restrain the abuse complained of. We should rather imagine that a strict supervision of the butchers' shops in town, assisted by occasional microscopic exami- nation of the meat exposed for sale—as practised in almost all the larger cities on the Continent—would answer every pur- pose in a sanatory point of view, and would be open to none of the objections which are chargeable, more or less, against every- thing that tends to impede the freedom of traffic between town and country. But there is another consideration which favours our view of the matter. We have heard the question raised, by persons competent to form an opinion, whether the mysterious murrain now raging in certain districts of the colony, and by some pronounced to be pleuro-pneumonia, whilst others aver the symptoms to afford no evidence of the latter disease—whether this nondescript malady may not possibly be caused by the con- temporaneous development in various places of that deadly animalcule, the trichina spiralis, which burrows in the muscular fibre of various animals, especially pigs and cattle, and often transfers its deleterious influences to the consumer of the meat thus affected. Now, if there be the least reasonable grounds for such a suspicion, it is not too much to expect from the Corporation that they should take im- mediate steps to have the question settled one way or the other, as much for the sake of vendors of meat as for that of the citizens. There must be gentlemen in town who are conversant with the minutiae of microscopic examination; the assistance of some one competent to pronounce authoritatively upon the subject could, therefore, no doubt be obtained. In the haste and confusion which at- tended the appearance of our first issue, a considerable number of important typo- graphical errors escaped detection. We will not devote any of our present space to the correction of those that occurred in the fugitive reading matter; but we feel it to be due to those who have favoured us with advertisements that one or two serious mistakes which occurred in our business columns should be specially noticed. In the advertisement headed " H. G. Christen's Fancy Bazaar," first page, fifth column, third line, for " Pure ana Floss Silks," read " Purse and Floss Silks;" in that headed ' Pianoforte tuning ,' in the same column, for " E. A. Turner " read " E. A. Fraser." An advertisement of Mr. Cameron, blacksmith and machinist, Kapunda, which we had undertaken to copy out of another paper, was inadver- tently omitted, and appears in to-day's issue for the first time. THE clouds of dust that darkened the atmosphere in the Main-street of Kapunda during the early part of the week were an earnest of what may be anticipated during the summer which is just breaking in upon us. Could not something be done—we do not mean through the medium of cum- brous corporate machinery, but by private combination — to allay this intolerable nuisance. The expense of watering the Main-street with water from the mine, twice a day, would probably not amount to more than £6 or £7 per week, a sum that might easily be raised by small contribu- tions of say 1s. to 2s. 6d., according to the proportion of frontage occupied by the several residents. It is even probable that after a few weeks' watering with salt water the surface could be maintained in a toler- ably compact state by being moistened only once a day, whereby the expense would be materially reduced. Yet, taking the highest estimate, there is no doubt that every tradesman in the Main- street would soon find his small outlay amply compen- sated by the improved condition and fresher appearance of his premises and stock, and the great saving of time (now occupied in fruitless sweeping and dusting) which would thus be effected. We trust that some of our leading 'men of action' will see the advantage of forming themselves into a committee at once, for the purpose of securing to the centre of traffic some measure of immunity from this truly Egyptian plague. THE Advertiser is disappointed in our first issue:—" It is respectably got up, and the contents are unexceptionable, but it does not quite come up to our (i.e., the Advertiser's) expectations." Neither for that matter, did it come up to our own, for sufficient reasons, which, it might be imagined, were stated plainly enough to disarm the criticism of even our big and fastidious contemporary. To some extent, he acknowledges this himself, and would, therefore, have shown good taste in abstaining from the disparaging remark we have quoted. CHAPEL ANNIVERSARIES, AND TEA MEETINGS.—We observe that a tea meet- ing is to be held next Tuesday, in aid of the Trust Fund of the Wesleyan Chapel at Stockport, in a tent to be erected on the chapel ground, when addresses will be delivered by the Revs. W. M. Bennett, James Allen, and other gentlemen.—The anniversary of the Wesleyan Chapel at Barton will be celebrated on Tuesday, Nov. 15, by a tea meeting on the chapel- ground, when address as will be delivered and collections made. — A tea-meeting will be held in aid of the funds of the new Wesleyan Chapel at Taunton, on Thurs- day, November 17, and a collection made; addresses to be delivered by the Revs. W. M. Bennett, Jas. Allen, Jno. Greer, and Messrs. Coombs, Andrew, Mansfield, Holmes, and others.—The anniversary services and meeting in connection with the Congregational Church, Kapunda, will be held on Sunday, 13th, and Monday, 14th instant. Messrs. White and Goodchild's sale on Tuesday was well attended, despite the dense " brickfielder " that was flying over Kapunda during a great part of the day, and most of the lots realized good prices. Good draught and heavy horses averaged £20 to £25, one particularly fine animal going as high as £35. Good working bullocks, in condition, brought from £10 to £12 a pair. A mixed lot of 400 unshorn old ewes, with lambs, realized 7s. 9d. a head all round. There was no demand for light saddle horses or dairy cows. CAPTAIN John Rowe called at our office during the week with a fine speci- men of malachite from the Lacamore Mine. This particular ore has hitherto been wanting in the above locality; and as it is seldom found except in rich and permanent workings, it is reasonable to congratulate the proprietors upon their thus having in a measure obtained an earnest of the future value of their pro- perty. We may add that Captain Rowe appears to have the utmost confidence in the success of this enterprise. WE observed the other day, on the road between Freeling. and Greenock, near Nairne, a large patch of wheat apparently quite eaten up with rust, and presenting a marked contrast to the green and flourishing appearance of the surrounding sections. Whichever may be the correct theory of the propagation of the mysterious fun- gus, there could in this instance be no doubt whatever that the predisposing cause was entirely a local one; and we shall be glad to receive an explanation of this phenomenon from any persons resid- ing in tbe neighbourhood, who may be acquainted with, the field in question. We would call the attention of our readers to the announcement of an enter- tainment at the Institute next week, when a lecture will be delivered by the Rev. A. R. Russell on " Ghost stories;" and the Kapunda Mine Band is expected, by its performances, to vary the entertainment of the evening. An extremely well executed wood-cut of the Parliament Houses, Adelaide, by Mr. A Jackson, a local artist of much talent has been left at our office. It is taken from a drawing by Mr. Stone, of Adelaide, and will shortly appear in one of the illustrated Melbourne papers. The Kapunda Rifles fired for Govern- ment Prizes on the 2nd instant. There were fifteen who had qualified themselves to fire, by attending the requisite number of drills, in accordance with the Govern- ment Regulations; out of' which number only eight competed. The distances were 200, 300,500, and 700 yards, ten rounds at each distance. A strong breeze was blowing all day, and under the circum- stances it would hardly be fair to comment on the quality of the shooting. The first prize was won by Private Dixon, with 78 points; the second by Private Straw- bridge, with 69 points and the third by Private Rebbeck, with 66 points. The Kapunda Mine Company fired for the prizes offered by Government on Thursday, the 3rd November. This is the strongest Company in the Colony, num- bering about 116 members ; out of these there were 58 eligible to fire, but only 21 of them competed. The sum allotted by the Government was divided into five prizes, which were won as follows:—First prize, Corporal Kelly, 78 points ; second prize, Private J. Warn, 65 points; third prize, Private J. Jeffs, 63 points ; fourth prize, Private Driscoll, 59 points: fifth prize, Private F. Maguire, 53 points, Lieut. Slate ; from the Staff Office, super- intended the firing on behalf or the Government. The scamp Neville, well known as the person wno spread a mendacious report of the discovery of Leichhardt's remains, is new in custody on a remanded charge of horse-stealing, which will be further heard at the Court House this day. His Excellency the Governor assented to several Acts, in the Legislative Council Chamber, on Thursday last. 