^ V.'l frsc A-Bv j A Government' four-oarod I'oa't' lias reached Port iAlbort'for tho'use of the police in North Gipps Land [Better late tliari.never,-but,had it rcached its desti j.nation eighteen months ago, seven lives, at least, .would.probably have been saved. ,:.j The Port Albert flagstaff, wo omitted to mention last week, lias been completed in excellent fashion/ Tho Ant was the first vessel that had the honor of ;being signalized by it, anil the "meteor" flag which is' hoisted every Sunday is one of the handsomest ipicces of bunting ever seen. ! Wo.hear of a new reef having been discovered in the'vicinity of tho Thompson Bridge cn the road to Stringer's, and that many claims have been taken up* Tlie question raised in the cases of obstructing 'footpaths decidedly requires settlement. Even sup posing the footpaths to have been defined when tho road was formed, no pegs "defining the paths " have jbeen fixed as required by the Act. Tlie machinery provided by, Mr. Carpenter for the jHappj'-go-lucky reef, Stringer's, arrived by the iRoyal Shepherd j'osterday. It is of a moro massive description than any which has yet passed this way.. ; ; An uriu?ual, if not altogether singular instance of the perversity of womankind has lately become ! known at Donnelly's Creek. A reputed man was I abo.ut two years ago employed as a butcher's assis tant at the slaughter yards at Jericho. lie wes sub sequently known as a most persevering miner |On the ' right hand branch at Donnelly's Creek,and afterwards i on the same creek below Hark Iliee's store. Ijuring in great portion of this timo this miner lived jin the same hut with.several mates, and our informant be ilieves that none of them hud any idea of what was 'ultimately discovered. It appears that recently '^something occurred when tho person in question was la few sheets,in .the wjnd that disclosed the fact that '■ this assiduous miner was u woman! She was tukan homo, and when Bhe .recovered • from her libations, ■the matter was explained to her,and she Immediately jtnade off and has not been hoard of since. It i3 ■stated that the police aro after her, and we think it a 'pity.that the police have nothing better to do. Our ntivs from Stiinger's is of so vague'a character that wo prefer to wait for moro reliable information The first crushing of the Alpine Company was tin. satisfactory, but not unexpectedly so, it being well known that they were crushing everything before them, and that stone was the least of the ingredients of the lntch-potch put through. We must, however, remonstrate against the evil spirit manifested ill a paragraph in last week's Times which speaks of the ' inexperienced managers " of tho two machines at work. The truth is that the South Gijps Land Company have novel' yet washed up, and will not do so until to-morrow, consequently it was impossible t'mt any conclusion could now bo arrived at respect ing the result of its present operations Ami. us to the "inexperience" of the manager, .Mr. Duncan t'le manager in question, has, independent of former " experience," been four years a manager of one of the most extensive reefs in tho colony, ilia employ ers had such testimonials with him that they ha>'e not hesitated to leave him in lull charge of their in terests, amongst which is the payment of wages to the amount of £50 per week. Tho owners of this machino arc pretty well known as smart business men, and it is not very likely that they would place such a trust in an " inexperience.I " man. "We are rather tired of Mr. Everard's cheque, but a perusal ol our Sale correspondent's letter imposes upon lis tho peua'ty of making another remark on thu subject. Wo wish Mr. Everard to have atnplo justice, and, therefore, publish everything which tends to throw light on the subject, whether lor or against hiin. But our correspondent takes a wrong view of the matter. If Mr. Evcrard had not funds to meet the cheque ho sent to Sale, the loss to himself is simplo ruin. If he hud, lie can make his accusers suffer most painlul penalties, Tho accusation is openlj made. Let Mr. Evcrard rebut iI, It appears from Mr. Guthridge's letter, which w° publish in nnother column, that of nil tho journals which have referred to tho subject of Mr, Evcrard's cheque the Gipps Land Times is tho only one which took a sensible view of the matter, and declined to place implicit reliance in the solemn and tearful state ment of its veracious rcpresenlativo. F^r oursohes, we confess that we wero taken in. e could not believe that Mr. Evorard would st:ito in Parliament n thing which was not the case. But if we were amongst those unpossessed of wisdom who rushed in- whore our northern nngcl feared to tread, wc had most ex cellent company in our rushing. The Art/us expres sed its belief that Mr. Kverard had cleared himself from the imputation of paying anybody anything, tho Herald characterised the affair ns " a pleasing fiction, a malignant canaid," the sly?, Lender, and Farmers Journal denounced the whole accusation ns a wicked libel, stating that" the hon. member most concerned shewed the cheque to be as substantial as cheques can well bo, and financially ns orthodox ns bankers could desire." Even Punch had a cartoon caricatur ing Messrs. Ilo.vard and Mitchell as Betsy Prig and Sairey Gamp, besides various humorous paragraphs, all tending to the exculpation of Mr. Evorard and tho denunciation of the Scan, Mag "When, however, the matter had achieved its rine days' wonder in. Melbourne, Mr. Guthridgc's letter appeared on Sa turday last, and ludicrously long must have b;en the visages of those who, like ourselves, had believed it impossible for Mr. Everard to make an assertion at variance with truth, and to threaten tho pains and penalties ot tho law ngninst persons who ho must have known had uttered neither more nor less than n plainly established truth. Mr. Gulhridgo's letter is; the simplest, most comprehensible, aiid damningdocii memt we ever remember to have read. He does not offer the ghost of an opinion.on the matter, but con fines himself to.n cold-blooded relation of facts wliich will, wo presume,- impose the necessity for the issue of another writ for tho election of a representative for North Gipps Land. One thing must strike every body who has studied this charming political .episode very forcibly—North Gipps Land's search after, democratic purists has been singularly unsuccessful As their representative organ most truly says, this; 'history of the £50 cheque has again disgraced them; They appear to hunt after the most impalpable of phantoms, and, notwithstanding repeated warnings and the bitterest experience, insist upon doing themselves merciless damage, nnd proceeding con stantly on tho jnth which leads to the suicidal use of metaphorical razors, breoch loaders,and Desdamonia cal pillows. Their tenacity of grip upon false and ruinous delusions is something amazing, and we firmly believe that even after this they will continue like Mr. Pickwick at Katniiswill " a winkin with their' wicked old eye" at the Democratic Syren who lures' them to political ruin. A Rosedale correspondent writes:—A meeting was held at the Rosedale lfotel on Monday, the 2nd inst. ' to take into consideration the contract for tho.i'epairsj ot tho Latrobe bridges and. Approaches.', .It ,'wasj unanimously resolved to. communicate with; thbfCom-i mhsioner of Bonds end Bridges .suggesting,,certainl alterations in. the works, viz: lUufyan.ofien?gu{j?ej£; boj substituted,, .for, * tho, upresen t( ' emliank m^n t. ^ j-jiMr j -Ilobertsop'sijnew, Royal Hotelvand [J\Ir. Linne^'sj drapery stqre}.add;matcria]]y.;to,,thp;business^ppour-j nnee/qffthis. to\vn; and,jSovoral energetic tradesmen) have found it well worth their while to settle downj amongst us jntoly. , ProfessoF Clarice, the photo-;' grapher,has.hishands.pre'.t.y full.of business, and the; number of babies ho has reduced to paper astonishes' oven his; experienced mind. A reef is reported a8| having been discovered about 25 miles from 15osedale. and I hope to give you more definite information: about this next week. ThcGipps Land Times with its customary caution gave publicity to n1' rumor" that Captain Patrick wnSi nbout to take tho Kccra into the North Gipps Land Lakes. Our contemporary expressed its disbelief in, such n 1'rumor," but notwithstanding even this, the arrival of the Keera was very anxiously looked for a Tort Albert yesterday morning; not that the arrivn of the vessel was doubted, but that it was .-onsidercd probable that the skipper in question hud possibly ; taken lenve of his senses, and suggested the possibility : of performing die superhuman feat of which our contemporary writes. Wo are most happy to ; say j that Captain Patrick brought tho Keera to .Port: Albert yesterday, as he always does, with satisfaction to agents, consignees, ind the general public. He is not at nil mad, and does not at present appear likely to afford the slightest opportunity for obtaining; commission of lunacy against him. He is, 'doubtless* perfectly satisfied' with tho solid respect which" nl Gipps Land residents entertain for him, without' de-X siring to risk his crew, vessel, nnd cargo in n ridicu lous attempt to perforin tho most absurd of imposai bilities,- for the attainment of such nn " ovation".as the grateful publjc our contemporary represents is likely to afford him. > •. Mr, Devonshire of Yarram Yarram has lately sub mitted samples of white'and red colonial wines to various residents of this district. Wo have no hesi tation in pronouncing strongly in favor of tho former —the Riesling—as a wine very nearly equal to the continental ordinaire. Tho red wine—tho Mat'nro— is possibly equally good, but the sample wo tasted was sour. If this sourness exists only in the sample we can recommend both classes of wine, and, nt nny rate, tho Iiiesling is ot such a quality that South Gipps Lnnd may be proud of its production. The present system of mail communication between Melbourne and Port Albert is very unsatisfactory both to the southern and northern district. For ex- ample, an overland mail leaves Melbourne every Friday which carries the letters and newspaper,, posted on Wednesday, Thursday, and before 10 a.m. on Friday. Yet a steamer leaves Melbourne on Sa- turday which only brings Saturday's letters and papers. The latter, of course, reach us much sooner than the former, and thus a hiatus is created which renders what is received by the expeditious mode useless until the receipt of the mail per slow-coach. We trust that the postal authorities will in future send all the South Gipps Land mails by steamer and leave it to our northern contemporary to say what it considers will be the best mode of transit for the district it represents. Our news respecting Mr. Angus McMillan's ex- plorations is to the effect that he would by this time have cleared the track from Crooked river to Wood's Point, the distance between which places he esti- mates at a day's journey. If Mr. McMillan has suc- ceeded to this extent, he deserves quite as astonish- ing an ovation as that which is promised to Captain Patrick when he takes the Keera into the lakes. 