ST. LURE'S CHURCH LECTURE AND SUNDAY-SCHOOL EOOM. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the lecture and Sunday-school room in connection with St. Luke's Church was performed by the Lord The structure, which is to be erected at the back of the church, will be 60 feet long by 30 feet broad, and 15 feet in height. The front of the room will face Sturt-strect , There were about 130 persons present, including a large number of children. Besides the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, there were also present Lady Daly and Miss Daly, Miss Short, and Mrs. Farrell; also the Rev. C. Marryat and the Rev. H. M. Pollitt of Wopdville. The proceedings were commenced by the singing of the 117th Psalm— 'From ah that dwell.' The Rev. J. Pollitt then read the collect, com mencing with 'Prevent us, O Lord'*— the collect for the second Sunday in Trinity— and also the collect set apart for Innocents' Day. The 34th and the 1st and 2nd parts of the 113th Psalms were then read by the Rev. C. Marryat ; after which the Rev. J. Pollitt read the 2nd chapter of Luke, commencing from the 39th verse to the end of the chapter. The Lord Bisiiopnextproceededto lay the stone, in doing which His Lordship said— 'In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, we lay this foundation- stone of a Sunday-school room, in the parish of St. Luke, for the advancement of the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ and for the glory of His name.' The 2S3rd Hymn1 having been sung. His Lordship said that before they parted he should like to say a few words to them on the sub ject of their present meeting. He then made a few remarks respecting the parents of the children and the matter for rejoicing it must be to them to see their children brought up in a knowledge of the Holy Gospel and thus led to Christ, and he thought that every parent would view with satisfaction the laying of a foundation-stone of a Sunday-school room. He next spoke in an impressive manner regarding the duties of the teachers, and encouraged them in their work of instructing their pupils in the Holy Gospel, and he urged them to endeavour to follow in the footsteps of Christ. He next addressed himself to the children, pointing out to them the way to profit by the instruction imparted to them, so that they might be led to a knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. His Lordship concluded his address by offering thanks to God for having permitted them to engage in those pro ceedings. The Rev. J. Poixrrr, in a few remarks, referred to the {deficiency which there was in the funds necessary for the erection of the schoolroom. He alluded to the large amount which had lately been paid for the use of White's Room during the late bazaar, and he concluded by expressing a hope that those present would show their desire for the education of the children in the Scriptures by sub scribing liberally to the object. A collection was then made, which amounted to Three cheers were given at the call of HU LonDSHTP for His Excellency the Governorin Chief; after which three more were given for Lady Daly; and finally three hearty cheers were given for the Queen. The proceedings were brought to a close by the singing of 'God Save the Queen.' 