THE CONSECJt ATI ON OF Sr. MARK'S CHURCH. On Mmday morning, the 25:h of April, being St. ! Mark's D»y, the beautiful Anglo-Norman Church of tlie suburban paiibh cf Alexandria was by the it'glu j lie v. Dr. Darker, the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney, j snlemi.ly dedicated ondtet apart to the worship of Almighty Oud according to the rituil of the Anglican j communion, — the sacred edifice bting named after, Rr.d inhuioui of that Evangelist whoBe festival ha', ChiibtUn Chuich. His lurdchip was assisted by UDoardsof twtnty clergymen habited ill their eur ) licet atid f-tolcp, be., the choristers being alio present in the white fcttnicntB prescribed by the rubii=. Thi re waB a large and attentive congregation, who appeared to take the deepest interest in the service, which wax performed throughout in the most impr. s sive and edifying manner. At about eleven o'clock, the Meiropolitun Bibhup having proceeded wi'.h liii clergy lioui ilie vestry, look hiB sexton the north sids of the Altai Tabic, the clergy occupying the tedilia, or -he eeBts immediately in front of tbe chancel. Iu. accordance with the authorised form fer the consecra tirg of a church in this diocese the petition of the minister and parishioners for the consecration wai mxt presented to the BiBhop by the Rev. Thomas Uemmie, the incumbent, by whom it waB read in an audible voice. After that, the episcopal sentence ot c- nBi cratiou war, in like manner, read by Mr. II. K. James, the registrar. Tne Biehnp then cimmenced the rite by Walking at the bead of his clergy — the De-sn of Sydney, the Canons of the Ca'.hcdtat of St. Ar.dn w, and ihe other ecclesiastics in attendance — from the altar eteps to the western doorway, down the principal aiele of the church, reciting the 2tt'i l'g&lm.; ( Domini eit terra)— the clcrgy repeating the alternate vert oe. Hiving returned to the communioa tible, the Bishop then addressed the congregation in the follow ing wordB : — Dearly beloved in the Lord, forasmuch as devoat anfl holy men aB veil under the Law bs under the Gospel, moved cither by tbe eccret inspiration of the lloly Ghost, or by tbe exprese command of God, or by their ovn reason and sense of order and deccocy, have crtctcd bouEce for the public worship ot God, and separated tbem from all prorano and common ueea ; which godly practice hath a maniftat tendency to fill men'a minds Willi a becoming re vere ncc to tbe Divioe Majesty, and to affect their hearts with devo tion and humility io the service of God : let us hnmbly hope that our Heavenly Father will favourably approve onr present pur pose, of selling apart this place in solemn manner for the pcr loimancc of tbe several offices of religions worship : and let us faithfully and devoutly heg His blessing ou this our undertaking. The Lord's Prayer wa3 then said, together with six other prayers supplicating an especial blessing on all tbe different ocib of ministration which ehould there after uke place in that building. Tbis put of the ritual waB concluded with a doxology, subse quent to which the ' service of the day was read by the incumbent, the choir chanting the appropriate Psalms, and singing the anthem and hymns selected for the occasion. The first Lessoi wsb read by the Rev. Canon Allwood, and the second by the Rev. Canon Walsh — the Bishop reciting the special prayers provided by tbe office. In the Cjm munic n Service the Bishop officiated as the celebrant, tbe Dean of Sydney reading the Epistle. At the proper place in the Eucharistal Service, the RigV.t Rev. the Bishop ascended the pulpit, and pioachcd a most admirable eermon — taking his text from the fourth chapter of tbe Second Epistle of St. Paul to Timothy — part of 10th and -11th verses : ' Dercas hath forsaken me having loved the present world. Only Luke is with me. Take Mark and bring him with thee, for he is profitable to me for the ministry.' His Lordship commenced by point ing out to his hearers, that as members of the Christian Church it was their happi ness and consolation to knoir that they lived under a government established by Christ, who ordered all things for their good, although the dispen sations of Providence might not be always such as finite creatures could understand. They were com pelled on that occasion to consider the Divine attri butes of His wisdom and mercy — veiled as thty were in mystery — for their thoughts naturally reverted to the time when thty had last met in that church, when they had had amongst them their late pastor, now entered into hiB eternal lest. He had been suddenly withdrawn front his useful labours by the good provi dence of Gcd, end all that they could do was to rely upon the assurance that the Judge of all the world could not but do right. Having made a touching and i beautiful application of some of the well-known words of St. Paul, in reference to the good fight for the unfading crown — a fight in which tbe late piBtor tf j that parish hid unobtiusively but earnestly exerted himself— the Bishop entered' more closely into the immediate subject oi his text, and laid before his hearers a picture cf what the state of the gr.-at Apostle of the Gentiles actually was at the time that Demas fortook hint for the things of this world, and that St. Mark was found profitable for the ministry. He was Paul tLc aged, tbe ambassador in bonds ; and he was, in addition to all his other triale, the forsaken of Dtnias, who had been in attsndanee upon liitn lor so long. Yet even this sharp trial did not aU'ect the faith or diminish the pious energy of the great A pestle,— for he found himself still able to sing, ' Die Lord shall deliver me from j every evil word and wcrk, and shall preserve I me unto His glorious kingdom.' The two characters of 'Demas' and 'John, surnatned Mark,' were then illustrated by the right rev. preacher, from t'ie records of tbe New Testament, aud the causes of tbe defection of Demas and the ultimate fidelity cf S:. Msik eloquently insisted upon ; warning being given of the danger of loving the world and the things of tbe world— lett, notwithstanding the enjoyment of the highest Christian privileges we should end in an apostacy »b strange and heartless as that of Demi', who, lor the love of the world, dethroned the Saviour in his hecrt. Contrasting strongly with the character of Demas was the character of St. Mark, whose ministry, in conjunction with St. Paul, waB commented upon, and his faithful service held up for our imitation — a service which had brought him back to the ministry, and changed the stern rebuke of the inflexible apostle to wordb of tbe highest commendation. Iu the applica tion of his subject the Bishop, addressing the clctgy, impressed upon them the ntecs:ity that there was for their ministry to be ever tuch bb could not give occa sion of otlence to the laity — for their life and their conduct to be guided and controlled by the highest Christian motives, and not merely regulated by ideas of professional decorum. They were to act in all ihings from a sinctre desire to please God, and alwai s to be on tbeir guard against being ensnared by the love of the world. Addressing himself especially to the laity, the preacher warned them aleo against being led away like Ddmas by a sinful love of earthly things, and pointed out to them that it was their duty so to provide for the tem Jioral necessities of tbe clergy that they might not be iable to be withdrawn by a care for tbe things of the world from their ministerial duties. Htr,;, in this colony, the State had discharged itself from t!-.e duty of providing for the maintenance of tbe clergy, and without having anything to say in commendation of such a Echcmc he might nevertheless say that it had, at lean, afforded oue of the most favourable opportu nities .that had perhaps ever picsented itself for tbo laity 'e come forward and provide not only lor the ministra tion of .religion in tbeir own itr.meaiatepaiifhcj, but t-leo for the support of it in the Church at large. At the conclusion of the sermon — of which the above is only a very impcifect abstract— the offdi'tory player was read, and the Communion Strvicc pro ceeded with. Afterwards about one hundred gentlemen partook of a sumptuous luncheon hospitably provided by Mr. snd Mib. T. W. (Smart. This was spread ia the magnificent pictute gallery. There were present the Bishop of e'ydr.cy and Sire. Barker, tho Doan ai d Miss Ccsry-er, tlcHpC'iiCi pnd Mrs, Hay, Canons AUtvood ard Walsh, alliheclfrgymen wlio hadasrisVed »t the ctri mony ; and a goodly number of the rcsidi-nt ladies and gentlemen ot tbe neighbourhood of St. Maik'e. Mr. and Mrs. T. 8. Mort gave tbe children of ihe Eundav c d Day Schools a treat in the beautiful grounds of Greevocks. 