SUCH IS LIFE. A NOVEL OF EVERY DAY. BY A RBFORMED SGNSATIONIST. [Under the above title "Punch's Pocket-Book" for l&$4 publishes the fallowing capital satire upon the " sensation" stoiiea of the day.] The honeymoon was over, and the Hon. Chirk Gobowen and his beautiful bride, nee Caroline de Corwan,* lounged languidly over dinner at the Vulture Hotel, Gwymmypyllymynech. It commands a view of' the lovely lakes of Lampeter, Bala, and Ellesmere, and with the triple peaks of Snowdon in the background, and the fierce ruggedness of Mold below, the scene is unequalled, save in xb\ North American Pampas. But the yoasig couple heeded it not. "The worst dinner I ever ate," said Mr. Gobowen, discontentedly. "It is very bad," said Mrs. Gobowor.: " but I think the dinner on our wedding duy was even more disagreeable." " Very good of you to. say so, I'm su-u/* said her handsome husband, with an cifU glance. " I say what I mean, Chirk," was the y-.-M reply. "If that'3 the case," said Mr. Gobcwsn. " it seems to me that we've been and made n sort of—well, a mistake, and the sooner repair it the better." I'm agreeable," said the Hon. Mrs. G.-V owen, with a smile. ; " Blest if your are," retorted her husband; " But never- mind that now. We had better separate." " Separate, indeed," said Caroline. " that would oe pleasant for me, wouldn't it?" No indeed, no half measures for me," said the beautiful young wife, filling her glass with what is called claret at the Vulture, or at all events charged for as claret, and the-best." " Well, what's your whole measure, then ?" asked her husband, fumoucly, " Our marriage was a mistake. All runaway marriages are. I am heartily tired of you. I have heard all your stories, and your travels, and—in short, you bore me." "I reciprocate the sentiment," said Mr. Gobowen. "I've heard all.your songs, and your voice is not what I used to think it, and really your accounts of all the rubbishing novels you have ever read have their merits, but they are not particularly interesting. What's to be done ?" "Let's destroy all evidence of our marriage, and go back into society. I am supposed to have been on a visit to my aunt, Lady Gumdragon. She will not dare to contradict me, as I know of several murders, which she has committed to get at the tide,, and also the secret of her enaaiel. You have been—What does it matter where a man has.been ?' "My uncle, the Secretary for the } Bupys and Beacons, knows of our escapade," said. Mr. Gobowen, " because I borrowed a couple of hundred of him, but he won't tell, because I am aware of some forgeries he committed in order to become a minister. So all is safe. Here's the marriage certificate. Tear it, and I'll look in Bradshaw to see how you can get across country to your aunt's." " Are you a fool ?" said the lovely Caroline Gobowen. " I was, one day, about a month back," said Chirk, She was too proud to reply to the taunt, but proceeded. " Is there not a copy of that certificate i n the books of the church at Eisteddfod ?" By Jove, yes. That's awkward." " Not at all, if you have the ordinary courage and energy of man." I believe I have both." " Then bum the church." The fire in her radiant eyes seemed to light up a kindred ray in his. He seized his hat, box of cigar lights, and gloves, nodded to her, and departed. Thirty-six hours later, and the beautiful little old church of Eisteddfod, built by Owen Glendower, and famous as the scene of the marriage between Edward of Carnaervon and Catherine Parr, was a mass of smouldering embers. Mr. Gilbert Scott, the great ecclesiastical architect, could eat no lunch that day, he was so shocked, and was scarcely comforted by receiving instructions to make another church exactly like the old one. " I have done it," said the Hon. Mr. Gobowen as he re-entered the room at the Vulture, and found his wife, as we will still call her, smoothing her lovely hair at the glass, having just taken off her bonnet. Yes, I saw the fire," she replied, cooly. " Aye, it isn't my nature to be idle. I went after you by the. next train, and ascertained that you might have spared that lovely little church which I wished I had sketched." What do you mean ?-" " The clergyman of Eisteddfod, his name is the Rev. Morgan-ap-Jones,, keeps the register books in his own House." Mr. G".bo wen launched a fearful observation; directed; against the Welsh clergy gene-, rally. " That sort of'language is. of no, use," said his wife j you. should, hav.e burned, the rectory." <f Of course I would" if I had known." " If," repeated Caroline Gobowen, with bit-, ter sarcasm. "Stay here and smoke your cigars. It is all you are fit for." She put on ; her bonnet as carefully as if she was going to meet some, woman whom she hated, and was gone. ! A few dsiys afterward, the Bangor Banger contid.'ied ihe following paragraph : " Our fair readers cannot Ira too cautions what, servants they engage. Tho lie v. Moigau-ap-Jones, tin; inspected minister of Eisteddfod, recently engaged a nursery-maid, who came to him with the highost written character. Yesterday she disappeared, and the whole of the registers of the church from the year l.*307, disappeared also. Our one policeman, the respected and intelligent David Williams, s«ys he thinks it very odd, but declines at present to say more. Should anything transpire, our readers shall hear of it npxt month." " Well ?" said the Hon. Chirk Gobowen on the third day after, as his wife came in, with a proud flush on her fair brow. " That is just the word," she said, " I bought some lead, wrapped the boolts in it, and dropped them down the well, at the bottom of the garden. It is said to be unfathomable." " Then the truth won't get to the bottom of the well, where she usually lies," said Chirk. Not.bad for you," said Caroline Gobowen. " Thank you." But it is now my turn to ask where are your wits? You forgot the witnesses to the wedding ?" " Bother, so I did," said Mrs. Gobowen. " Orson is endowed with reason. There were Mr- Jones, the clerk, the beadle, and the pewopener." " Le diable a quartre," said Chirk. She tapped her tiny foot impatiently in thought. 1 could hardly escape detection at the rectory," she said j " but if you managed the parson, I would answer for the other three." " No, we'll divide equally, like man and wife," said Chirk. . SomethingHjke. kindness beamed in her smile for a second, but it was repressed. There was stern work before them. And they did it, that brave, high-blooded young couple. The Rev. Mr. Ap-Jones, lured but never tho roadside, at- a 01 — * .- to ^5'';': . j a rUild vAi'idi a h^rg^r won^a; house, requej&si; hl*u to et.u'iv M-na a- iifis).'' to | the workhouse, and in his hand was a metal cup, from a travelling flask. The cup had contained whiskey and something else which the coroner sent to Dr. Alfred Taylor, but what was the use ? The pew opener, who had been rendered superstitious by the nnmber of ghosts she had seen in the old. church, was simply frightened to death by a female apparition in white, with phosphoric eyes and stains of blood upon her garment, that rushed at h<n* one night in her own garden, and shrieked, "Who stole the velvet-covered by inn-book T The four v^lne.-:-:-*; were gone. " We are not sate, yet, .dear," said Caroline to her husband, as they warred by the Silver Severn, at its confluence Vr»£l: the Thames, and watching the salmon ieaping from the sparkling pools. There was almost a tenderness in her voice, for she was learning* to respect her husband. " These children take a deal of separating," said Chirk laughing. We've burned a chujch, robbed a parsonage, and cooled the gooses of four respectable individuals and yet we cannot sever the knot. What's up now ?" " Do you not remember," she said, playfully, " or were you too busy in looldDg at somebody else, that during the ceremony there were two pews full of charity children ?" • " So. there were. Any one of those might identify either of us. I always thought, with .Mr. Gladstone^ that charities are a mistake. Confound the catechetical brats. This requires thought." I have given ic thought, silly one," " Eistoddfod was in. some measure consoted under its misfortunes. It was much, talked about, which is joy and delight to a provincial place. More. A most, benevolent stranger, attracted by the noise of the catastrophe, came and settled at a cottage near the town, and seemed to live only to do good. His dress was of the old school,, blue coat, brass buttons, and leather breeches. He wore a large hat, under which bus beautiful white hair fell voluminously on his revered shoulders. Money was no object; he relieved the poor, assisted the new clergyman, promised Mr. Gilbert Scott six memorial windows, repaired houses for the poor, and in short was Monte Christo and Howard, in one. But the children were his chief care* He had a large barge built, with a cabin, and in this he used to treat the charity children to delightful jaunts on the river Trent, with buns, marmalade, and, ginger-beer. One day when the whole school was out with him, he was noticed turning a handle that seemed to work, on something at the bottom of the boat. Ten minutes later the barge went down in twenty feet of water. There were no signs of the good old man, but a slightly dressed and very handsome young man was seen running along the bank,, in the direction of a small railway station. The charity school had, disappeared. "And now, love," said Chirk Gobowen, looking into the beautiful eyes of his wife, u we have done all and may be calm and happy for the rest of our. lives.. Now we can arrange our separation." " Y—s, if you wish it," said Caroline, with, something of a wistful look. 1 You don't?" he said, softly... " Do vou wish me to say yes ?" No." And the young husband and wife were in each other's arms. May they be happy !. Tauo-ht energy and resolution by early trial,, taught mutual confidence by the necessity of conjugal, trust,, why should they not be happy ? They had learned to.know one another, and the sweet evening star that shone mildly down on their, re-union seemed to them a harbinger of blessed.and virtuous days to come.. A BAP FOR A RAPPER.—Mr. Home, the spirit' monger, has set up at Rome, as a sculptor.. He- may succeed there, but certainly he never, eut a pretty, figure here et GOOD NEWS FOR THE JEWS.—The new Greek. Minister.. General Petmoses.—London Punch.. A L/.J>Y ( IIM:FAU:I» IOH KLKVKN YKAISS.—A (Iwil of i.:<t;iUui!(!nt lias been produced in Stone by a ftMiuowluit iny.sU:iiou.s discovery which was made a few days a:;o. In a si root leading out of the town vcsitlns a njiiij)»ur of tlio medical profession, with his uifo iiiul family, and in thy saive house ha3 lived lor many 3 ears a maiden sistt-r of the' wife's, it was known that this lady had lived there, and had not been known to leave, and ^tho neighbours sometimes wondered why she was never about, and she had not been seen out of the houic for eleven years. The recent discovery of a concealed .lunatic in Cornwall ultimately led to an application to the magistrates for a warrant to investigate the circum - stftneas, and a few days ago two magistrates of the neighbourhood and some police-oflicors entered the house for that purpose. They found the lady in a front upper room, sitting on a straw roattrass, her limbs drawn close together, and her body leaning forward on them, with but little covering on hen and looking as if she had been indifferently fed. The room had all the appearance of a room which had not been entered for a dozen years. It was ecvered v itli dust, dirt, and cobwebs. Under the bedstead and even on the bed (or rather mattrass) were piles of dirty plates, altogether about 40 K on, which the occupaut of the room had had her meals served, and on which were bones, some of them, yellow with age. She had a bone, which had been polished by licking, tightly gripped in her hand'" and wos with difficulty induced to let it go. The. mattress was dirty, as also were the scanty clothes' which covered her, and. the equally scanty bedclothes. The person of the occupant of the bed' was very neglected, and showed that her ablutions had been rare and not rccent. llerhair was matted^, aiid a compact mats of it partially covered her face.. Her toe-nails had remained uncut' so long as to be quite a curiosity in their way. They had grown- to a length of about three inches, and were curled something in the form of a corkscrew wi«h sharp, point?. It is sa:d that the only way of reducing them to their proper proportion will be by sawingthem. The linger-nails were not so bad, the lady*, no doubt, having kept them short by biting them,. The strangest part of the story is that the lady her* self is said to have chosen her retreat, and thoie, who know hei; peculiarities are disposed to place some amount of credence in the story. She appears-to-be about 4-8 years of age, and to have been all her life known by the relations as a person of " queer" disposition, and exceedingly unsociable and reserved, and is said to have been "crossed in love" in her younger days. She has been removed from her prison, cleaned, and'eomfortably clothed, and is, we learn, now been, carefully attended to. It has been suggested that she is in- difference a lawyer wrong- Win? k> their fierce King-William song- T.inVod " Popery and Slavery." i --Ln&tk;'i Pun- h. —London Punch. ? 