* * ' TflE HOPE'S ANArBEMA -OP TUB '' EUSSIAN EM^EBOS, IPsk event « of -the day is -the Holy STat-her^s j 4iapr-?vi^ari-»n, on , bAil f of ;Poland, and in con demnation of the Russian C»r. Tbe Patrie tells us. :— . The- Feast of St. Fidelis of Sigmaringen was celebrated at the Propaganda on.' April 24. the saint being the first pupil of that institution who won the crown of martyrdom. The Pope assisted at the solemnity. 'The crowd was immense. The Archduke .Victor Louis of . Austria and the infanta of Portugal were there also. After the ceiemonv the 1 'ope made a sign that he wished to speak. AH eyes were immediately turned upon him, and. amid the breathless silence of nil present, the, Chief of; the (Jhurch delivered the fdlowing address extem pore. which was taken -lown in writing on the spot. After alluding to the. feast of the day, tbe Pope said : — The blood of the weak and innocent cries for vengeance' before the throne of the Eternal, gainst those who shed it. Aud in our day do not- we ton see innocent blood poured forth |n a Catholic country, in hapless Pol tnd, where that same Catholic religion for which St Fidel-s sacrificed his life, is s - cruelly p-- rseeuted ? I would have preferr-d not to sp-nk of this before the approaching Consistory, but t fear keejiinjr silence any lonster. to draw down upon myself the heavenly chastisement. -l»n-iuiic--d by. the prophet against those who suff-r iniquity to be committed. V.ie mihi quia tanui (Woe is nie that I 'was sileut). My conscience forces uie to lift up my voice against that powerful monarch whose empire reaches to the pole. Listen ! This is that |tow«rful ra ?march who dares to call him self a Catholic while outside our Holy Chuich, and who forgets the judgement of God, which awaits hiin tor his crime. This ni'inaich peisecutes the Polish nation with ferocious cruelty, and he has undertaken the impious work of extirpating the Catholic . d.-i ....1 .....I ..f un|.un. by main force. The priests of that Catholic nation are dragged violently from tliMr flocks; snme are exiled. -others are condemned t - tbe gallys or to degrading puuishnieiits Foitu nite are those who h«v,- n.-en able to escape, and who are now houseless wanderers in foreign lan is. The churches -ir.* profaned. Sane nr* shut in the absence of the priests. Nay. this airo gant potentate Uts assume! a power which does :not- even b -long, to the Vicar of Clnist. Afte^r having torn from his diocese, exiled and kept in captivity f-»r a year, our )-eloved son the Archbishop of. Warsaw, he lias dared to deprive him of the charge which we bad bestuWod upon him. -Iu 'casting opprobrium on such acts we in no wjise mean thei eby -to - give encouraaemetit to ! the Siiropean rcVtiluiiini. W*s Mnow well how to make a diffeience between the social revolu tion and the legitimate rights of a nation which is straggling' for Its independence arid lor 'the preservation of religion. In . branding the persecutors of the Catholic religion we fulfila saqred duty of conscience, and this is why I have felt IhiuikI to imp trt to you, -ibis deplorable news of that uufortuiinle country for. which ,w« oo^lit to redou -le -»ur prayers. We declire,. in- consequence, that we give our apostolic benediction to all those wlio this day slull have prayed for PoUud. Let us all pray f6r her. -The Gazette da Midi nxyz, Pius IX*. at that moment was sublime. - His magnificent voice ratigforitiidahly. . He rose from jiis throne, and his outstretched arn seemed about to launch the thunder. The Holy wr.ith which filled him had Hushed his brow and quite changed his a^p^L- In all Eurojte this uinrme.d old man stood alone erect. Diploin ttiscs are talking of re-forming the Holy Allianc: for the en=ls of Russia, aiid kingdoms bend before the Mu^co vitciji almost servile adulttiou : this ni l man alone disman Is a reckoning, and bids hitn answer for the blood of ^Poland. Fouiteeu cardinals and an Austrian arch luke wereamons tiie audience. -All were struck with . awe an ' admiration at this superhuman courage, at this lofty scorn of all calculations of policy iu the piesence of duty, at this almost divine gran-l--ui- 6f tbe man who is tlie supreme interpreter on earth of the Truth of God. Keeping a Hiflu in Obder. — After firing it I should t-e wiped with a clean Wet lag — Canton ! dan ml is stated to lie the l-est ; then it should be wiped dry and oiied. We have found that refined petroleum is. about the best liquid that cart be nsed for wiping out a rifle barrel, which should always be kept as bright as a looking glass, or good shooting - i.liliot be expected troin it. ! A title oiled with it-fined petroleum, in which a little beeswax has b-eti dissolved, may -be laid up for a - . a r with«-ut a speck «f rus gathering up-iri it. Ofcomseihe whole rtsi-iu of the powder must be first washed off with a wet rag. The most sure way of obtaining a first rate rifle is to engage -t of a first-rate iimkei. There are several ««i sin-h in the country, who prefer to have their lifles f.tiily t.sted K-tore h-iug purchasid. As wiih a new nxe, h w \--ve-, so it is with a rifle. It inkes some time to net the 'hang of it;1' and as eveiy marksmau has his peculiarities, so one may shout well with - one rifle and in-t with another, while the reverse -would lie tbe cast; with the same rifles by another niaiksman equally as good 'Ihe finishing ad vice we, would give a maiksman is — When you get a good rifle — oue with which y t-u are a sure shot—' hold on to it.' Advantages of Advertising. — Tbe Niagara Mails ays: — You see goods aie like gals — they tuust go off when they are iu fashion and good looking, oi else a yoke of oxeu wouldn't, draw Vm off afterwards. The luau that advertises most does must bus ness, that- is because he don't -ta ike one stock to last one life-time. I know a merchant of this district who has impoited three different batches of goods wuhiu a year fioin ?Europe, aud now he's nearly sold out again. I ii-rw dot s he aud bis paituer get rid of so m..uy ? i'hey advertise more, than all the others put lo gethef —that's the liuw !— I will piove it If you -want toieud money — if you want a iarm to rent —if yon iiave oue to sell — advertise. If your horse, pig, -cow, colt, sheep, oxeu go astray, ad vertise them rigbt off anil not ruu a chance of losing them altogether, or faaviug to pay as much as they are worth in charge for their keep. If yon are a shoemaker, tailor, blacksmith, wag goner, or any kind of useful mecbauic, show p ople that you are not ashamed of being a mechanic, by advertising. If you keep an hotel, make it knows. When people see a man adver tise. they know he is a business man. The wucld is lull of folks who waut. Some want to 8ell; saBie wast to buy; aud the only way to meet those wants, and make money, is to ad vurtise. Ad vei Using is like honesty — it pays 'Well -if followed -up. .Merchants thiuk nothing of paying forty dollate furonesigu, with nothing but their name on it. Well, what do you think of having £000 signsa week in a newspaper? In it you can show your whole establishment to the country ever week. If yuu are wi6e, just rub your «yes, and go to wo;i: and advertise. People . who%ire ordinarily rabid for the pro secution of the war are becoming ^alarmed at Grant's contempt for human life. He values his legions no more than if they wei e coveys of part ridges. Already it is whispered th Hjt.neaily .1.1 00 officers are to be included in the 96b00:ni. 100000 men who have been killed, wounded, atid takeu plisom-rs since he began his sanguinary match. He is spoken of as the ' butcher,' and a r--qui- sition is hinted at. calling upon the Piesideiit to r*.nifiv«. liivn Not onlv IliH fiii'tiilK ,,f. th*. Smith but multitudes of earnest men have already come to the conclusion that his campaign is a failuie that he has done his utmost ami can do no more, aud that he has already done as little as M'Clellau at a cost ten times as fearful. To- day some English t.fficeis and newspaper correspnii-. deuts, who arrived iu this lity fiom the fiont, repoit that the losses ou Friday last were m-aivr 15.000 than 7000 ; that ou batuiday ami Sunday 6U0U or 6000 more were sacrificed to the obsti nacy of the Luutt natit-Getieral, atul- that- a spirit of disaffection has arisen in the army, which threatens to become a mutiny, if the m^n continue to be driven like machines against itn picgualde positions, without the slightest solici tude. whether ten or 10,000 lives ate sacrificed in the atte.npi.' — Times' Correspondent. 'A Fush about a Little I'iksu of Pork1 — *? fiay,' ask-d the M 'j »r. '? have you h.ar l tny sloiy of a Jew with a b.ul conscience 5' ?' I ueVer heard of a Jew with anything else,' Etrl said. ' Austrutlier and I, when iu our extravagant youu^ days, found il out to our co.-it. ' \V«dl,'' saitl the .Maj »r, ' my Jew was a religious JcW, but h id a weakuess for roast pig. aud loved to retire iuto the country to -regale himself occasionally on the forbidden delicacy. Once, iu the middle of oue of his illicit repasts, there came on a thunder-storm. Svery nasa ot Hgntumg seemed a sp-ciai judg- j ueiit ou his crime. The thun ler w^ut on ; the lishe* were, awful ; the little pig succulent; the t.:w t'uiujl, treinolel, an I ate At list a lou ler :lap th iu ever in i le him toil fiightene-l to con uiu.;. 'What a tush!' he exclaimed, as he resigned his kuife aud fork iu iudignation, whit a fush ab-iut a little piesli of pora !' ' A Singolab Stoky. — A strange sloiy is ttdd iu txMinecliou wall the leport of the uiutder at sea ou board of ihe balk I ontiac, of Liverpool, by Jcau .Moyalos, a Greek sailor. Miw in cus odj' in Edinburgh. We do }it-t know wliet her the pai tnulais We are about to lelale have come out in ihe investigation, but undoubteilly tln-y liave a itlrong bearing ou the case, and make it piol.at le lhat, 1-U- for the bailucili»tioli ol oueot iheelew —uot the 'Greek sailoi — ihe murder would u«it have llHpi.eiit-d. It- may be lillii UiOi red that on the 13ili of Octoln-i last, ti ve day s alter the Pon tiac li ft t ailao. Jean Ajoyatoo luunlirdl one ol his f. Ilow-scametl, Ulld Sl.il.bl d aliOlhii iu such a dau^ert.ais uianiier lhat his life Was despaired of. Two ui^his .btfi-re the tnlal occurrence, the mate of the Pontiac was standing near the uian ;-t the helm, no other pcisuii being ou ibc quailei-dt-trk at the time, wlnn the latu-r, in gieat terror, called out, ' What is that neat the cabin door?' The mate replied that lie saw iiulhiug, and looked about to see if any one was near ; but be tailed lo discover any person. Tn-- st eism in then much unified, said the figure lie saw was that of a strar.ge-lookiug uiau ot ghostly appeatauce, and almost immediately atterwar-ls exclaimed. *' There he is Jigain, stantl ing at the captain's window.' The mate, though in view of the captain's .window, saw no ti^uie near it nor at any oth- r part of the quai ter-deck. lliouuh he looked r« und and tuuml. Next day the u-poit went ironi one to the oilm ?flat a gllost was oil board-, 'Which filled some ol the sail- «is with alarin. -wliile others tnade a jest «if it. Next night a' tiiiy (a stowaway) was so dieadiully alaimed in his bunk l y something lie saw or felt (we do not know which) that he cried out so loudly as to aw.ikvn all ihe seamen in bed. The boy was sure it was the ghost s. en the previous night lhat had frightened liiiu.aml others of un-re mature yeais were inclined to thiuk so too. Perhaps more than one-half ol ilioseoti board believed that something sujiei natural was on t-oard, ami that some calamitv Was about lo happen. But there weie IWo on board who did not believe the ghost stories, aud these were the uiau who was Uiiinh ml and Ins companion who was stabbed, 'i lie torun r joked with the boy about tlie gbo*t, ami said he Would have his knife well sharpened ami ready for ihe ghost if it appeared the next night. lie Would give it a stab and **cbuck' it ovulioard. 'J in bitter joined in ihe joke, say ii g he would also help.' lo do' for the ghost, and others saitl they would have it iters renly for the tdmst to catty to their frieu is iu the other woild. Jean Moy atos oveiheard what was s-iid as to stabliing alio throwing ovel'luard, aud in c--iiM-quence of his imperfect knowledge of the Euglinli language, ami having previously supposetl there was a coiiilduatiun against hiui, thought lhat thieals were made against him, and therefore r- sol ve.i to protect himself. A few hours after the j -t- iug we have briefly -xplained took | lace, he Mabbed the two men who principally canitd on J he jest, with that fatal Jesuit known. Tin in u i -ler, as might be expected, filled every otieon hoard with horror; aud the t-r-oi of the sailots who believed there was a ghost on boird wa- ! ovei whelming. At night, whether iu lied ot ou watch ou ueeK, tliey liad gieat dn ad, which was heightened by repoits that strange noises wvie heard below. Not even at the end ot rile Voyage had the fear bi-eii overcome, for after .the ship was moored in the dock two of ihe civw. who had agreed to sle *p ou i-oaid, became so fright ened alter their companions were piid off, that they !? fused to .reuiaiu iu tbe vessel at iiighl — Scotsman. It appears that the ' Derby ' was run in a shorter time than even the 'Surpli e ' year of 184fi. For the last three years the time has been thus registered :—l»62, 2 minutes 45 seconds ; 1863, 2 minutes, 52 seconds ; 18'J4, 2 minutes, 44 seconds. How to Destroy Cohn Weevils.— Tbe ' Courier de la Drome' gives an account of a new method for destroying weevils, all the plans hitherto adopted for that purpose having proved fruitless. The calculation is that in Pranpo nnp-tant.il of flip /*mno nf /-nrn ic Hn. stroyed by those insects, the mischief being caused by them not when they have attained their full growth— for then they do not eat the grain— but when in a state of larvae. The new destructive process consists in attracting the females to deposit their eggs in the same spot, instead of on the grains of corn ; and a sort of hive of the eggs is so formed, which can be de stroyed at pleasure with all the larva th«y contain. The mode of proceeding consists in placing at certain distances in the corn loft pieces of fermented dough, having a semisphe rical form and partly hollow. In the course of a few hours, the pieces may be removed, when they will be found literally covered with the insects ; and if the dough be examined with a microscope, a vast number of eggs will be seen on them. Five sous worth of this paste will j suffice to destroy all the larvae in a place con j taming 110 quintals (224$ lbs. each) of corn* 