I ' TH B REV,-P, P. AGNBW» [ I A rrjBT/o IIBETTNQWSS held last evening, la tba Ma Hali, for tba parpóte of enabling tba Ber. P. P. Ago state bia reasons for renonneieg tbe episcopal anti ot tbe present Bishop of Sydney, aid bia matin establishing . ebnroh on tbe voluntary princlpli cording to tba .>>teB( and cérémonies ot tba Cour England. Tba ha'l was erowded by a respee audience, many , of wbom were femalea. On enti tba ball, tba reverend gentleman waa warmly gre A'ter opening the meeting witta prayer, ..... _. ." r<. Tbe Rev. P. P. AOSEW said ba was very pleas see tbeie were Isdiea present (applause), for.it proa well for tte und fr laking. An old writer, baa i "Blessed ia the man tbat bath a womauLfor bis frlei end wherever women sse with their eseistanoe end I energies, tbare is certain sueeeas. (Hear, bear.) considered Ibis an Important ocoati:n-an osos fraught with most serions eonsequenees.bith to bin and the Church of England in tbis oolony. , He hid approached the enbjsot from impulse, but after ! and painiol deliberation and prayer to Almighty Got His blessing and asaistanoe, and be must confesa he no Bonall measure of confideooa in their, support. . present purpose was nothing less than that p( .rene oing publ:oly the eooleaiasliosl authority of tba prei Bishop ol Sydney, of appealing to them for support, toe eetiblisbing ol a FrsefChuicb in tbis oolony on volnntari prlo.ip'.e, aooording to the rites and oeie nies of theCiu-oh of England. (Cries of bra-, hear, sbsme.) His raasong for doing this ba. bad, stated ? i . letter wbiob be wrote to tbe Bishop shoat, a .month i . That letter he vfou'.d" read to them that eveninf. In I litter. tbtey would sse bia-jasti&^tioa. foi. recount the Bishop's authority and jirhdlo'Jor; for taking himself bis present reiponelbility; and ia freeing b self both from bia tyranny and bia despotism.. The l feat of bis standing before them that, evening,, msbiog this statement rendered the voluntary priue necessary, .Tbe voluntary principle in thia bell I atauding fact. From tbia night, and. this very hoc Obnroh ii eatsblisbed on.the voluntary prineiplr, io pendent, and beyond tbe oontrol of fte present Biel of Sydney, (Cii¿s of .« No' I col" hisses, and " Go or No one' coull eprjoaoh the sa'j.-ot unleBs be w lo his position, and " unless he inseparably"Identl bimBelt Kith thia great principle. He enid aga'n, fi this night and ibis hoar s Oiurob is es ablisbid beyi the oontrol ar d beyond the eooletiaatlcal jurisdiction tbe prrsent Biabó?of Sydney, (HUsea, criss of "No, 1 and,-' Hear, hear.") It would baye been well if (tis ma had been token np by some one better able to'deal ? lt ; but be would; do his best, and invoke tba btessing Sod on tbis uoderlaklue. (Hear, bear.) The volant prinoiplahí8 been a au1 j 'ot of deep. and ...serions, diso Bion both by the Legislature and tbe people of tbis bolo olrouout.noes bave.ooourred tho quotion has been t vol aud the people heve sptken forth io a voloe that oso be misunderstood, Listen to that voice, tho v ice oansalenoe, and it will become s duty to. follow fla tea ings, TbereiB no risk in thia-no tiBk ju adopting volaotatj principle. When thia movement ,1s fern on conxioiion.it is founded po euoceas... (Npj rio.)". would assuredly Sod! 'this day celebrated ita great, an^iveresriss, 'and this -night i form; no . mean event even in our. event oolonial. history. (Orien of ";No, rtoj.hear, bei hisses and oonfusion.)' Ha. would sty, too," tbat he i even thankful for this interruption. ; Ñothiog.dld li o i mach .good ia a good' aaase as. gool bppoB.ttlpq. ;{¿ plauae.) He expected a greater opposition thin this, another quarter, .and in a quarter tbat can command I .infljenco and interests of ibis] great oolony. Efe fen no oobscqaáncesj After a few strong remarks on blahc .' bo read thé following latter, portions ol which he oo mented upon, sn! during the progresa of tho read! tbeaudienoe freqitntly applauded;, and loudly sbest towards the concluding portions t- - , . £o»or Fort at-oot, Juno lt, 1801 To THE Lon» Burnip, or SYDNEY. . . MT LORD,-It la afier ranch painful thought and earn prayor, occasioned tn a great me&auro; by an li'a ?eqnata locor acd tho long conllnued'ülspoaUiou 50a have' mabifo' tod towai roo, In openly, or tacitly,* rofOBing to attend to my appeal*, or ' give me that position tn tho dloooio] which I con.ld er to be 1 , right, that baB lod moto lay belora you, at aomo lèrjgth, thoc . cumatances connected with my ministry la tbis colony, a I eapaclally daring tho tim« lhave laboured ander your eplseopa I do thia wllb tho mott reepeolful doferenoe to your nigh po (lon, end la tba Uamble bops of allowing you what I serloui 1 oomldor tobo tho Tory qUoallonsble, if not unjust, manner i wbloh yon have, used your inlluenoo, and cxorcl.ed yo I authority ovor my parson Bttd clroumalanoea. .' In dolngso, lam urgod by a mournful neosralty. .1 aha therefore, epoakkeneatly «oil truthfully i and although In tl 1 lotter (which I Imagine may bo tho laat that may, poes betwo ' nt) thoro may ba.mallera of His moat aoloirsn importance., biti yon, myself, and the Cbrirtlan' Oburoh Io this colony, yet I wrl willi » oloar rouriiuiivu wrt.il sie «sittUvu uuu.cQaeaooa : ant Erar God to dispose bath our hoarts to do that whlohmay oat to promoto tho truth, and tho Interests of UIB p«op e. lapent a few months in Sydney, in company with my wlfa at child, on my way from Oxford lo the dloaeaa of Now Zetland, tho lattorpart nf 1811 and Ibo beginning of ISIS. During lb tims, 1 reoolvnd groat kindoeiB anil attention from yonr prod coBBor, tho vonerotod lllabop Broughton. My variouslottert recommendation from Ibo Rov. Ur. Puooy, Mr Color tilge, of Eto and othora, gavo bim much pteaturo. lio oxomiuod me 1 aeveral days, on my ooarao of reading at Oxford, and waa ali enongh to say thal, If the dleturbed atato of New Zea'and ahon proilndo my Baliafaatory Battlement tbcre, ho would give a employmenton ray return, ia his own dtoc-ie. I On my arrival in New Zealand, oo Good Friday, ISIS, I font ' everything la complota contusion and diaorgantaallon, from li J eOeola of tho war, wbiob had jnat broken ont rBiahop Selw bad loft Auckland foran Indefinito time, and indeod 1 old not ai bim for manymoritha aftoiwarda. UIB collégiale,- or education I establishment, waa In great disorder; and necessarily present* , but a naked and incipient abadow of what might havo boi 'expected to oxlsl, Irom tba detallod and pub labod acooun ' wbloh had for a consideradlo time boen 0 irront In England, i Tbcre nero neither rmaos nor opportunities for misaient enterprise ; and (hs condition of lbs atudanlt and candidates f ; tho ministiy, waa about on a par wllh tho natives around thai ' Tho axo, lbs spade, and tho fowlloK.plccesacmed to bothe mo I I necessary and nsefal InBlmmcnta on tho oBtaotlabmßnt. Afti I ' about ten months'resldenco, which, I admit, gar« rno both last and capabilities for oolonial Ufo, 1 fait convinced of my uti uaaultabloneBa for Bach a courae, and on the liiahop'a .return, > i laid my viens of tho roottor boforo him, and after.somolltl I difficulty,obtained bis pormlaalon to return to Australia. , Wallop Broughton gavo me a very encouraging rocoptlon, ar placed mo as obaploln to H. M. Gaol, Darlinghurst, with a aalai of £500 per annum, th» llccnte bearing dato 1810.- Cloding tbi tho duty of tho Baot did not ooinpy Ibo wbolo of my time! ho ROI [--mo-pormlailon to-labour in tbe- salgbbonrbood of. PadiUagtoi I whoro I furnished a largo room In tbo new Military Barraok got together a congregation, and conducted divine aeivlee evsi 1 tiebb.th afloraron Tbl* roam woe llccneai, and opened by tb * lliBhop hlmieif.' t likowUe oponed a dayaohool ia oonnoolio witi thia place. Ibo first oxponsea of wbiob woro boroo by myee . and a lew gentleman in Ibo mlghbourhood. This sohosl wt nltlmatjly attended by 132 obildron,* and tho reocfplB beoam 1 aufllclont to support a most efllctont mostor and mistreat. -It was on ray nppii'allon tbat tho Gavornraont praotod tb , ground to lbs Choioh of EnglaLd, on which tbs prosent tcboo room Btandr. « . ^ ! When tbo Oonooie wcro oocnplod by the troop», I wi appoinod chaplain to tho 11th Régimen', and thle, with man otnor advaniagen, gave mea position and lnoomo oqaal lo that c . any clergyman In tba dioceso. ' , , Although thoa occupied In tba gaol, Ibo barraoks, andaraongi tho populfitlon in l'addingtoo, yet, soolng tbo nogloctod conditio Of Ibo Inhabitant, of Surry Hills, aod their oaroost desire in , Spiritual asibtanco, '1 gavo my attention ti the mattcr.au visited tbs ontlro neighbourhood, and with the ready an ' untiring aealatancs of Mr. Harton Bradley, Mr. Maoatlhy, sm I Mr. Ilronsbton. of Faddlngton, and Mr. G. Ulli, Mr. Maokcniii I «nd Mr. T h. Dodd, at Surry Hills a valuahlo plot ot grouni t 4>at nbtalno l, aa a gift for a ohuioh, from Air Reilly ; a vcr; ' oonalderab'o sum of monoy aolicoted, nod thoao arrsngementi made whioh have reaulled In lha cttabllebment of twa of thi i most important pariebea iu Sydney. Tho gontlomen ubor< montlonod still hold important poalt'ons in tbis city,- and I rofe lo their d's'ntcis trd|kir.dnots with a Uroly and grateful rs mombranco.. I do not forget that, In referring to thin mattera, whoa urging my aialnr.s on your Lordship', favourable consideration, you lepllod, "that although ] might havo attended to. tboan plooes oooaaionallr, yet you b» lloved that lt amounted tb notbingmoro than anon a perlidioa! ÍlBlt, as I might moko to any of Iho stations on tho Loohlir livor." -, ' . ? I An unhappy ocoaalon having oocorred In tho' Oathedral pariah cf Si: Andrews, bytha'wllhdrawal of tho Rov. Mr. Boonoo, from tbo.oommnolon of. tba. Church.of Eugtond, and joining the Church of Home, great fooro woro Bntertatned leBT tho oongre. gatton sbonld follow tho example of auch en cBtccmod and devoted pastor. I thcrefoio ocnslrlorod it to be a distinguí.hod , honour, under tbcre mott trying olroumsianoes of the Church, to pe nominated nod. appointed c'orgjnian of tba psrlab. Trio llcsnss " to perform the omeo of minister In' tho Church of St, Andrew's, with tho pariah annexed," ls dated May lat, ISIS: and pf auch Impórtanos waa tho duty cunaldorcd, that tho Olahop pavo mo bia ooDBtant attendance and adrloo, snd appoiulod a clergyman lo aaalat lo tba dnty, . > On thia oobasion', th« Bishop rlrow np a document with bia own hands, by > which my appointment was made certain forons yoar, but If ho saw lt > dsiirabloto uri ko any other arrangement ot tho end of that time, or If I > should dealro to «xotiange tho dutr, J thouhl be enlltltd to o livlnp in the > «jiirifry, with a maximum tulara. Thia dooument waa given to ma with tba > followlogmemo :-" Tbs Bishop uf Sydney will bo muon obliged if Mr. Agnew > will learo .this letlor with ftXr. James*, on Monday uox^, In order that a > copy may bo mado and depoilled in tho Itogletry. after wbloh it shall ba > returned lo Mr Aanow. 'SOIb April. I818.'* Thia dceamooe I loft with Ur. Jamo., at dlrentsd ;' but not proporly eitlm tiing lt* Importonoe, or doubtlog tbs Intogrlty of yonr llocliUar, L-did not. appfy for lt.. nntil my.,'*- oiorlSsî- poallion waa fnlerfored . *wltb ; and tho remit and oonaoqaonoes of that application will bs .assn in another part of this 'letter.. I may hero remark, that it was during my roildnnco In tho pariah cf 81. Andrew s that I openod Pyrmont for. Dlrlto .worship, .ralead subrogation», and , Initiated thoio'arrangements -wbiob led'to thd lotuomout of a olsrgjmon there. . I am thankful to aày that" tay aorvtees"at'SI.'Ahttron's wore i (satisfactory to tho Blibip and useful to tho Church, as not a . 'singla member cr that congrégation waa known to have followed th« examplo of their late pallor; and tho raoords will boar toni. ¡many to tho general prosperity of lbs pariah aubiermant ta the ' sooeailon. , I Bsfororoy sneagemertt at-St, Andró w's waa completod.an 1 ^opportunity oconrrodlof obtalclne what I lad long aaa ardently i [doilrad-on extánslvb párltb and dlilrlot In tho irueriar 1 aod ai ¡tho ROT. Mr. Naylor, tl« 'incombent of St. Paul's, Carcoir. was fdnslroas of tOealimraa exobanpo of duty lo Sydney on account ; cf ill health. I availed mjielf of this opportunity, and in virtuo of .' ¡tba Blahop's igraamcntl wat llcensod 'in November. ISIS, to Oarooar, ono or the moat Important parfihea and eitonslvo dla. trlots In the dlocoie, u-itk a maximum Hilary. Tbs church, th« ptrsoDsgs.and tb. general cohvonlsneet, -With the obpoHnnillcs of «xtsDsIv« labour sod Christian cnlarnrlse, mads thia pariah : second lo none in iho colony... ' - ' . . Hero 1 laboured with untlrldglTidtiétryforslght:y««r»/vlaltlntt .and mloiiterlcg to most or tho iownih|ps> eUtiopi.'end fomlllea, -jsilhintwohDodnamUesprrnyhoipe! aarryisg ind bapllilng mora iban any clergymen cat of Sydneys holding, periodlos divine terries nt fifteen different places, »nd minister! aa tb» Ant clergyman of the Church of England, th« different gold-fields during «ll their Ont exalterai Thais «Ight y Biri of my ministry, although th« moil ardoo I eooaider to have utan the moat satisfactory, if not th* m successful, a* daring that period theta waa not ? tingla din ?loo, or ona unhappy olroumslanoo betwoen tha poople and i self; amongst all denomination* [ waa received *ritb tba great oordlallty, and the oanaldarata attention and hoipltaUij I recoil coola acaroely have , been parobuad with money in any otl oonntry.' I «hill ever féal thit il wes s blessing and aprivlli to labour aniongaaoh a people ; and whilst memory lat's, I »1 hear honorable testimony to their anxlona solicitada I Christian liberality. . ; Hy salary at thia -period, beaides an extonaiTO parsonage a grounds, amonntod to £500 per annum. In thia noone of doty yon fonnd me engaged Io the latter p of 1835. Toar flatterlog recognition of my petition and seme on your first visit to Carcoar, and the kind and gracious expi alone' yon ottered when offering mo more important daly Sydney, I have thonght worth reoordlng, and have remcmt-ci lb «rn with varied emotions durfog my chequered and disoour lng career ander your, episcopate.- Amongst other things j said to me, on tbe last morning I saw you lhere, wore thoi ". Mr. Agnew, we want meta mea as yea- In Sydney. There i totoral young clorgymen holding important politlón» In Sydu whom it would ba aoalrabla to remove." And when I hcaital to reply to your proponía,yon addod: "-Consider your largo t I still increasing- fsmilv, and tbe educational advantages wbl willie there affjrded'lbcm." Yon thoa mentioned tho dal! available In Sydney, which, aa you Stated, nero Ol to load'lo an' advantageous-'and pormane¿t- aettleme And in s letter which I received tatlll tri my pcaeeattod), y premised tbat I should a'tatedly receive per mann, s thal as 1030 ss poaalb'o tbs duly and ttipond of tho per catabliehment of Cockatoo Island shoold bo added, wbiob wot islte the salary to £610 per annum. Those ollera, after considerable healtalion, I aooopled, b-o np my eitabllahment, and, with my wife and »avon obildn came down to Sydney. <\- - lacknowtadgo with gratitude the reillaatloa of all that y promised personally, or implied Io your lo'tom and my inc» equalled that which I had relinquished, except la the matter liouse-ront; and tho unltod duties of obaplain to immigrttlt -D^iliogburst gaol, and OooKatoo leland,'with whit waa added yourself,amaantod to £St J per annum-being £20 por sont more than 1 had boen led to expect, i Sut thia continued only for a ahort time ; and I cannot oxprc roy grief and disappointment «hen, eleven montbe nftorwarda, the. GoTerbrotfnt anspeodUig.,the .stipend for tho emlgratl duty,you UH.saide all your obligations, and wlshodto rem's me to Hartley. ' On the SMb. Uar ob, 1830,1 left my heme and dnly, on my way I Sydney, with tba grottest oonfldonce !? your honour- a promise, and lo tho full betiof of un advantageous and permane settlement ; and on tho 4th February, lfto7,1 reoelvcd a comm nicallon.ln whlsh you toy," I »OB no protpect of yourobtainli in Sydney enftlotent roroanoration fot your eorviC6B,"'nud ai what yon' omit biro known cou'd have bad'no foundation, (ruth. " And, as I have been loroimod tbat you aro detlrouao) oonntry spueie af le borny f.- now write la propose la you that y should tako ohargo ot Hartley, where thore la a honte and Xl per annum guaranteed,"- and- that you had no doubt that t Cburoh Soolety waaia add £ 60 more. On .anob a gnarann and mob a doubtful oontlngoaoy, I was expeetod again to "bro np my home, and, with a family of eight children, -retrace r alepe to Hartloy'; and (bla st a timo when Ihuro wore many li portant openings In Sydney, and pariahes were hoing given yoong sud inexperienced moil of recant arrival i i the colony. I knew Harl|ey-and ile noighbouihcod well, ltira harli visited it on aevural occasions In my olerlcal capacity. lin one of the moat unimportant places- attsohed lo the duty. Bölhorst, and bavlnrt d-vlne aorvioe performed coon a month IhsOoUrt-honae: The boneo you mentioned waa n tin* !i)it of ti rooms, sud baokoonvealouoet, sud In auoh a wild nod uuoi llvtted parlor the bulb,-that Ibe poor and unfortunate aler; mah, who waa aftOrwarde necesailalod to tako tho duty, » miserably drowned wilbla a few yarda of ibo door. This offer, the rejeollon of whlob aoomod to glvb yon sorlci offence,coulraeledln, ray n.tnd vory sadly witu tho permana advantage a you had. io recently promlaed mo In Sydnoy, ai orcatcd painful doubts raipocllng y jurauxio'y for tho cducolh ant adv>noom>.rit of my'culldrea. Thc trióla and difficulties nlii:h I havo no doubt bad (ht origination la my'rejection of Hal t!ey," I And recorded In msi , lotte.o to your Lordship,.Imploring your aselitanco to ueoi r ncooaalttea; or'oravlng permission for more romunoriUvo ai oxtendod employment, Many.cf.the populous localities id Sj noy, loft In spiritual destitution aa.far a« (he ChntcU of Englai waa concornod, whore hundreds of dwellings wore never ontar hy1"* u -' olergym'an, -Have ^ I pointed out - to ...ye and eolloltod again and again, your pormlatlon to visit and labo amongst" thom, promising to plaie th» result nt your dlepoia but each letter hat been anawcrcd by a harsh and periiatent I .faatl. -My intervtows with roar Lom grieved to »By, Imo be obiraoterlsod on your: pitt, by «(.vero poraonal reflection-, al much'tbefwaa undignified, bub Mn-manner- and exprceiti During lb« tatt seven-years, with the eaoeption of tbe ilma y wore in Eng ead,-t hara, boco kepi in tho mott perplexing u .certainty, and lt baa only beau by tho moat horaaelng o onto Ulon-thai I have found tho maana, to ol lt. - - " Kolbing, I beUavo, would ioduoo mo again to pits aovan yoi of snob wear ng anxiety »nd abject defenderoe. . Itla Imo thatl havoobtalneil rey etlpoDd,yonr by yoar, fro the Government, but that part of lt »blob has boen at your d posalbas boon auhjaot totuob painful delajs, or (brcatt of ontl suspension,.that evan.Ibo raaolpt ot it baa beeomo a bumll] lion; ard on" many acoaalone baa been held bick un threata of. public .appeal have produced au accommodation. No other clergyman in thia dlocoee can calimatd tho poeitli lu which I bavo boen ptaead, ss no ottaor bas so unwise placed - himself and oliounuslanoos BO absolutely at your di posttl. All tho boneQts and privilege» of olerleal duly bavo boon wit held from me, and no extra aeatatanee his in any sliopo. hoi afforded. Out of my measured and limited Income I havoptl during tho lait eight years, rut leas than ¡M8 i in ront, ind £1 In life Inauranoe,' bestdoa'supporting sod, «docallng a family eight children. Though my salary baa beon far . losa than , that of any otb olergyman in Sydney, y tl I hivo laboured almost boyend belli having (to »Ithin tho list few months) to preach from roar toa lime« every 8ur-dsy, and,on au average, four limos daring ll wooli, baaldot tho incoisrnt labour whioh my painful dotlua ba called forth.' - ? - -. My congrogaUon amongst tho emlgran'a and tho gaols, taki and on the other, all thé míe cry and wratohodnets of tho color: . Hundrede seek temporary relief, or reicue from orlmo and deop degradation at my banda ; and. If my salary wai doubled, io ouu not moot one-half of Ibo' ottos whlob ft would ba absolute ainfnl to ncglaot; yet, in all these my woeful ministrations, I bi not baan satiated by tbo Cburoh to the amount of a singlo pono and had lt not beon for a few Chriatlan friends, I thould buvo b coma heart-broken at the nnostlaiedmlaery which daily eurroani Even (ha Isfluenos of your position, and yonr open anil evldei disposition towards mo (for you have not entarod mydwelllu or mada ono kind Inquiry respecting my duties or circumstance luring the lost sevon yetta,) has hau an increr.tlng o (To ct ton disadvantage, by Influencing Ihoae olergjmcn wbo, lu timo pat oponly pretested égalait yonrgoboral policy, bul novo nt tongi feared lo speak when you wore allent, or to bc silent >vl on ye have ipokon. Thoa have I botóme lioUtod in my dulles, and atrangorin myown communion. Many a time havol reflected npoi and In acme mensuro reallsod, the depth and lotenaltv of Hi anOerlogaof tho Bon of ll in, In -tho words of the Prophet," ll was a mau of sorrow, and acquainted with grief, and wo hid aa were our facoa from Him." I acknowledge, that during this period, I havo had offers mac lo mo, such ai the duty at Pill Town, and Humor's Hill ; but th« were made on auch tarma, and ander auch circumstances ss r honorable man could aooapt. Inreferonca to tho document drawn up by Bishop Bronghto in my favonr, I beg to sa; that I ooDBldórod ii of vital important to obtain a eopy of it lu Its integrity, in older to establish rx rights lu tho dloooto, and my dalma on Ibo Govornruont-ospi oiblly aa aome final legislativo enaotmonta woro contemplated o the subject or clerical atlpends. I therefore applloil to Mr. t K. James, your Roslatrar,, for tho ' oopy duo to mo To thia r qnoat bo replied " I have no rooolleotion of Ibis letter having boo loft aa roquoatod, nor oan I find any oopy of auoh lol-cr, 3«piombi 13th, 1858." Itbon ipoko toyour Lordship ou tho subjoot, xml yoi manner ond etprosilonsl shall never forgot; jiu poaillrely an repeatedly Jonlod tbo exlstencoof auch a ilocurcout or the lntoi Uon of the lalo bishop tawirds me, and chsrgcd mo with bein Îullty of falsehood in malting tho assort loo; but your oxaot word refrain from repeating. : i ... Though I hid no doubt that'ibo' doonmonl had beon faith fall transorlbad In tho registry, y ot from Ibo unhaallallng mnnnor «hIclib.Hh yon and Mr. Jora Ol spoke on the subject, I olmoi rlospalred of its proeorvation. I therefore waited till Septembo iso!, when aomo diiouaalcn waa taking plcoo lathe Loglrjlntur in roferonco to tbo amount of oompentntton to bo allowod t Mr. Jaroot for tho rtglBtratlona la his keeping. I Iben wrote t bim, intimating my Intention of Informing tho Govornmorit of a the olrcamttancea.'lf lbs document wis not proiluce'd. It w> then that Ml. James wrote to say that, rifler a truublosoms aearol ha hod found it, and that ho would send moa oopy. Thia Ireoolvei bur, Instead of a true oopy, I fcuod it tu ho a mero mutilation, a ovlueut oarruptiou of the original latter,'with the principal ooc dillons lolt out j-it coaulned nollhor proviilon nor prtuoiph and taken altogolher as fnrnltbcd .by, Mr. James, lt wot a mer fragment, ovldently i complete "auu unjust, luoh aa Illabo Broughton would novar haro drawn oat,! nor a olergyman in hi aeneas accept. On my remonstrance, Mr, James requested mo t return it, and the oorreapandenco connooted with ll, for lils aol reellen ; but aa tho parliamentary dlecnaslon on tho tubjeot dio ont, I bavo novor boen ablo ts call hie attention lo tuo eabjoc atneo. I hivo long refrained from making tblsaffiilr known, fonrlng the such a transaction, emanating from-yoor ollloo, and oonnoote with lbs mott Important rocorda of Kew South Wales, might Inn 16 destroy publio oonfldenoo In the proceedings of your office and the Integrity of Ibo registrations depatltod torre ; and I evoi now fear that snob, an iffalr tooy be charactarliad atlonst.i . disreputable, ond far bolow the transactions of oomm m lifo ; bu I leave it to apeak for llieli, and 1 have no doubt it will «¿oak loudly. I beg to mondón another particular wbiob bas. given mi pèon'lar pain and dissatisfaction, and ono whioh rodeóla but Ililli iii the credit rf ihoae in. eccleaiatlloal authority, boro - On visiting Manly Mooch, a now and irapnrlanl townahlp aboil eight miles from Sydney by waler,, aomo five join ago, I fount that acveral emigrante had taken np their roaidenoo tbore. ant they complained, to mo that, although tho- proprlolor, ll. O I Smith, Eeq , had orcotoii't small church, at his own expenso, foi tho accommodation or the inoroasing populattcn, yet divini faorvlos' hid Dover been conducted io lt,- ond that they wen entirely without splrllatl ii.atruction. I at ance ofTerod rn; aatlatanco, for olthoujh I had often four services on tho Sunda) morning, yet I wita generally at liberty from that time null tho . evening t and'. it a ttoomer ran regularly fron Sydney and hack, I thought I oould commcnoe and maintain i regular af ernoon service» I-wit referred to -Mr. Smith, whe Informed mc that the ob otoh bail been flnlabej for a considerable limo, «nd thalba hod,rnado application lo the authorities of Un Church of England for Iba ocoiilonal asivlcoa of a olarnyman but his requoit had novar.been atUai-lod lo:: ao that hg bad arrived al the dotermlnallon of piecing the building at tha lervlcc of soma other Chriatlan ocmmuully, and but for my limoly offei lt woald.in all probability, bava paned Into othor banda In the oourso of a faw weeka, I then spoke to tho HOT. Mr. Clirko. tho tnlnlalor of (ba dil trlot. who approved of my offer, and having obtained your Lord- ship s written .consent and Icstrootlons, t cemmonood tho duty an tho first Bundey In January, 1MU. Tua sum of £70 par annum, given by Ur. Smith, tho sale contributor,-was a valuable and llraoly addition to my Income; bot the duty al« sys seemed a matter of dlaaatlafuollon to you, and although I offered, to give lt up to your disposal whenever it should bo thought of tufnolent Importanooto employa e'ergymau.y'et you ind tbo Dean hivo Invariably dlicoDntensnsod the undertaking, nod yon have maro than anea threatened to deprive mo of tho amount I I rocílvéd for my attendance. Maby 'rcqdesta havo boon mada for oçcMlontl satis lanae on a Sunday morning for the admlnielrttton or tha Holy Communion; hut they havo alwiya been disregarded! 10'.b*1 during Hie four or Aro yoara ot my afternoon utloodauce tho Lord's auppor baa boin, plainly speaking; rofnaed to the people. . , i; ! . . The manner In which I waa deprived of thia duty by lho Dean, and. aa it now appears, In accordance with-your wlabeaonthe I ftthjeot, will bo-brat seen-la Uta following nota addroised to the Demi- ; - ; ; ; . - . . " ForCetreet, Oolober ISth, 1803. ., _ . " lotta* Doan of Sydney. t -- " Ilsvarond anti dear air.-t have heard wlthlU tba tatt few daya tbroogh eeveral gentlemen who attended tho tatt mooting of tba Church Soolety, that Jiu had disposed of my duly st Uanly Beach, and lwaa very mach turprltoa vottordny ianndsj),'to find theta clergyman waa atraidy located thoro walling your dlfeo. tlont. I need not rentlnd you (bal I have legularly uttendod lo this duty for lbs Ital fdar_ yoarf, .aurrng:T\Dfoinib;a^all hive, re/oied to rtcogoiaatuitll,you thought proper toltake un ' ceremonious possession without ooosnltinf mi la any way, i giving roo a moment's notice of yoorlnteullon, ''I know of no olreomstlooo more mortlfjlng snd painful tba lo ba thus unexpectedly and yet publicly supsrsedsl ; and to b ? brown anwllllsgly Into oollleion with s> brother clergyman, wt may be as innorent in tba matter aa myself. .'. Altbongb 1 Yantara thus to oomplala of the laok of comma cuartea; shown ia tba mattsr, yot 1 aaaaro you tbat I am aoxiot Ibat li sbonld be arrangod smioably. and tbst I will do what I os to forward tba design you bava thus evidently expressed. '" In fact. I bad always hoped that my labour* at Manly Beso would load to tba ssttloment of a olergyman thero, bat I did trui that I should hav» beau Informed oilba msttor. whsn the tim came-that I should bate been thanked for my services, and re Useme mada np by soma other employment. '" Mr. Smith bas kindly allowed me £70 per annum for my at tendaoco at laTanly Bosch j but even this, addod to my roguta salary, ba« not boon tufuolant for my exponaos. Whon I hat paid for tho education of myabildrsn, my Hf« Insurance, an boase rent, thara deas not remain tutBoleot far tho nocossarle of lire. " My Sunday services (Manly Beach exceptad) geoeri.ll amount to flvo In numbsr. and ara performed between dayllgh and one o'olook ia tba day, so that I shall havo tho sfternooi at liberty : or I oin so dispose of my work aa to Uko a mornlo service whenever you mav direct. " Yours tnoitrcapcolfally, .'P.P. AONKW."' Although miny months hive passed since this nota was wrlltei sod I havo mado repeated requoats forolbsr oquivalont omploj mont, yet all bavs been treated with nttor indifference. You. t>r hara jorUiQed Ike Dean in Ibo proeeodlog, and «liaough I ot tatnad yonr written consent and dlraalton, and you publlebod ai aocounl of lt In your annual report aaa regalar and recogatsn duly, yet'you noa; assert that yon weronevor oonsultod In th matter, that lt wai altogether of a private eharaoter.and that th Dosn bad authority to interfère with lt at any lime. As to tho Dsio.I loave hlscondnotto tho judgment of otbora a man surrounded with orery oocloslsstioal etogance, comfort and convenience, which baa fallen ta bim without labour, 1 f not without merit-with an lnoomo sutBolont for tho «apport of two a tbreo clergymon, could spare himself and grasp st the only mean ltbad ol paylna for tbo éducation, of my.- children, ia a maltsr lasvo for bia resection whoa his consolónos awakens to bor daly. Manly Beach was the only plsoa to willoh I could mininer, ox oept in tho ward of à pr lr on, or tba dook of a chip, end wal, to getbor with tho great fetndnoss of tba poople, a s)uroo of grra pleasqro and spiritual rcfrothuiont to mo ; but anothor otoraymat . needed oaalatanor, anal tho Dosn aparedhlmaolf and asfi-lsdhlrj at my oxponss. Doss not tba Prophet spoak in snob a mattor "iTbero woro two mon ia oas city, tba ono rlob, tho other pool And there osma a traveller to tho Hob. man, and be spared to tsk of bis own flnok, and or hie own herd, to dross for tho wiyfarin msn tbat was ooma nato bim, but tock tho poor man's lamb am dressed ll for the man that was ooma lo him. ' Ona other olrcamstsnoo I Ibink lt ray daly to lsy before ynt as it ia of consequence, and nocda an explanation. Boon afto your arrival la this colony, ind while I was lnaumbont of Carooil I rooeived from Mr. Jamos, your registrar what ' I - . consldorod ;. to ba . Governmou vouohor for £101) io my favour, which I signed undor. bis dirac tlon. with tho full uudoratandiag that lt was to ba pllcod tom; credit In tho Oommorclol Dank, Sjdnov. I gave tul» neknow lodgoment tar tha £100 without aurprtso, as ray travailing ex peases wero.very considerable, it bolng noosisary.to slablo tw or tbrca horses for the performance of my duty ; and tho Govo n mont waa iu tba habit of granting considerable auroa for m attsndanoe at the gold-flolda, and a daily allowance i for all th time I was away from home on duty, besides a dividend regu larlygrsnlod o mo by Bishop Broughton from tho Mooro Estât for tba sume purpose ;-and as I was opening np fresh parts e tba district, I anticipât!d this som ss a very acceptable assisi snos. But it'may surprise yon whon I say that this amount wa . cover niaocd to .my orcdlt, neither havo I roooivod it la an ' shape.- I-'hava no doubt that tho monoy waa obtained, lu m name, from tho Govornmont,or «orno othor source; bulinwha way lt may have boon appropriated I know -not. I do not for rneràunlbelieve, 'my Lord, that you oould oonntenanoe- suoh ' proooodlug, or allow it lo bo oarried oat with your knowlodgr but I mention these oiraumttanoas toga th or, In tho belief tas snob transactions. In tho mercantile community would at ooo , oballenga publio attention, and call forth pabilo disapproba tlon.. ....... ? . 'I My Lord, you know my olrcnmatances, aa I havo humbly lot them befora you, both personally and by letlor moro than onoc I since your ralaru from England. You know that myinoomo ha 'j hecu rodaoed by tbs earn of.£170 from tba tait yonr, and that th limttbd amount ofsalaryallowed toms during tba proiontvoa bas not only excluded my ohildron from your aohool, but doe not meet tho necessaries of Ufo. Tho whole of Ibis matter la li ryour. ninds,, and Is your doing. I, thoroforo, moat ro p-iotful! I raquosryo'u.'for tho'lsBt tlojo, to reston me to a position equal t ? that in. which you found me, or pire mc the mme meant as otht Clergymen of niy standing. If this is not dono, and al ouoo, . cannot bo roapünelbte for the conaerinenooB. ' I muat elChe : i olIñqnUh my oonnootlon with you,as tho bishop of lho'dioooso,c sink uudar my ctroumitanoas ; and your, own sud oft-ropaate : mixitn." necessity" has no law,*' must plccd .for rae. ,1 ^ t&ot;, there appears but ono oourso opon td mo, tbat -c . applying .those, abilities with wbiob tGod baa untrusted roo, t 'work out my temporal dellvcranoo, by ronounolug jour oooloa aatlaal -authority, appalling lo tho poople, and establishing freo'oharoh, according lo thc rltoa and ooromonlos of tho Churo of England ; making the whola diocese my parish, and aiming l nothing lass than-tho establishment ot an officiant mlnlelry o . tho voluntary principio: througbont tho oolony. I My mind bas boen deeply and strongly drawn to thia aubjoe ','andm* raiding, and my prayers, havo Irresistibly led mo in tbl direction, as Ina only dollvoronoo frsmyour uojustlflab'a opprci ?ion: ino claims of tho people, their utter dlasatlafaotlon wit I vour general pallor, and tbs inovileblo naacsalty for tho oalal ? iiabmonl <f tho Church of England ou a mord' liberal an ''eojultakle administration, hoe dotormlood ruo in the name nf Qo i to' act url thc rcs'tlt if this last appeal. 1 For aovon long and woery years I have submitted to your wit .1 or gained on exlotonoo by continual and mlasrablo eontonliot and although thote oro Ihose in ovary part of tho colon 1 who. will bear testimony to my labours, Integrity, an , Bucooev, yat ; ofior - twenty yosrs* dovotlon to th intarosts.of the Church, and arter, opening position for flvo or six clergymen, I am still without a pariah, lila mysalf at Iho bottom of tbs Hst amongst thoo orgy, and deprive of all ihoeo privileges and advantngos whiob rightly bolong to i olorgyman of my Blending. I Had that nollhar patlonoo, sui i mission, ar labour, avail anything with yon. I firmly bollevo thi .nothing loss'.thau.an absoluto surrender ofntyeolf and ciroam stánoos, lo your unconditional and noquoetlonod dlapoaal, wo eil »«nary jon. in /ucl, I must relinquish all ibat ls most valnsbl , and aoar to a man snd a Christian, forpormtasion lo exlet, I dotormlno on this oourao, deoply oonsoious of my own woak noss, and Inadoonoto ability. X ostoulato lbs olfoots of your db ploasuro and InOuoneo, and tho dimoultioa and dangars whto surround lt; but at the samo timo with nnvvavorlng and lncross lng oonildonöo in tho practioabl-ity and juatloo of myoBuso, ant inhnmblo oonddenoeon that Gol "who, ont of «oakuosn.cn mako strong, and who bath ohoson tho foolieb things of th world toconfonnd tba ' wiso, and tho weak things of tho world I confound the mighty." . . . Sty Lord,, Youie mostrospootfnllv, i.V. AGNEW. There were two or three remarks be wished to make One was (hat bo bad received £100 since tbat letter wai written, but it had been dne to bim six months, (Hear .hcaK)' He oould straggle on twelve months longer but be bsd determined tia: he would never submit egali to tbe Bishop's disposal, ' (Cheers.) He would onl; answer few objjcllons, Jt waa said to hier, why distnrl the peace of the Church f There was no poseo in tht , Cbnroh of England in this oolony. Tba majority ot tb olergy and lairy were in a silent ateto of maraby and dis content. (Cheers, end orleB of "Ko.") Did they ever knei of a olorgyman inquiring into the olroumatsnoeB of a poo brother t of any sooiai prayer except ita a formal mannet Did they ever see two olergymen of tba ; TJbnrob walking ann io arm through th streets? He believed: that tho only two' wer tho Bishop and the. Dean. (Cheers and laoghttr. And as for their fr'endBhlp, ho hoped it WSB out of pnr> : love; but be asked "bave thoy not divided tha srol! ? : Thoy were a twofold hempen cord, encircling the wbrli olergy to pull ande'raoglo and »qic«i therm (Cheers. , Ho (Air. Agnew) bad tumbled out óf tbe cord and giv , his brethren a . little moro room lo move. He waa Bari the majority of tho people in'tba oolony thought aa bi did, snd would irlamp'i in the commencement of thii I greit movement. ' Tba clergy of tbe Church were .led by i ,tho Bishop and'the Dean along a dark and boggy roa-4 I (Cboera, and no.) They would soon Hod IhemcelveB lr 1 the Slough of Despond. There waa another objootioD, I People told him ho had been badly treated ; but salt! half- a loaf waa better than none. There was neilhei religion nor reason in some cf these old proveí br I Tberd is o loaf for . avery one who will work i for it ond pray for' it. (Cheers.) When minna waa seni i from heav.n Moses and Aaron had neither more noi 1 less than the meanest of tbo people, There would bs i l loal in' thin oolony for every elsrgymsn, if Moses end ? Airen would be content with their share. (Enthusiastic obeering snd laughter,) Tho'a'poatleB, when oilier), i left father, beats, servants, acd loaf, and everything, and went forth nuder tho it fl aonoo of the Spirit, pinioning ' before king», and triumphing over idolatry, ll Martin Lather, Whi fl Md, and Wesley had dung to the loaf tbey would dot bave done tba good they di?. Bat they gave np all-loaf and friends, and wont , foi tb to praaeb tbo Gospel. Anotbor obj'dion was, tbat ha should not trust tho people. Jeans Christ taught bis disciples to trattlhé'people. The time waa oomTng when the olergy. me- vronld have to trust lo tho people, (Ghosts.) "The people of thia colony bad responded to calla from evory pirt of tbe world. Handrods and..thousands of poor widows o! our soldiers, of the North ol England people, and Ibe Hunter River people' oonld bear witness lo it. For mary' o heart bad been t cheered by their 1 lbt nilly. No one could take a more Scriptural or reasonable; part than tbat ' of ' hasting the people, i (Oboers.) -Hs had not named any other o orgymen. He thought tbere was only room for one at present. If any had joined him thoy would only have btougbt themselves into trouble. (Hear, hoar.) Bat be firmly believed be would,eaon deliver himself oat of trouble, ind he would Boon give troable enough to clergy- men. All Sydney wes in some olorgymsn'a parish. Ho oon'd not enter a bat without exolilng the displeasure of some clergyman. But now wberuver a door ia open he would enter. (Ubeera) Whenever e oblld was pro arnted to bim bo would baptiza itv. ' If ever be met a young oauplo desiring to be united fdr life ho would mirry them. Thia would bo his plan of opérations. (Cheers.) Ho asked any present to open their houses for Divine servios in Sydney or the Buburba. Wherever any one would maka an application he would inter and hive Berv.'oe. .. Tbua fae would form li congregation. Every; ono .that joined them ahould bava bia . n»mo - registered in a ' book, and all yonog men and women should, havo something to do. Now for encouragement he appealed lo them to oom» and. belp him. He appealed to tbe whole oolony for aid. Ho wan snro thal a great and glorious work would start from this moaning. "He had engsged the Tomporanoo' Hill, and next Friday evening he wenld hold service tbere. Ha bsd . book in which'be invited aU willing to join the oburah, to ilgn their names. Aa soon aa be had six per- son r uniting to form ? charon, be would'get'another lioense aa tbe "Minister of the Free Oburob ot England." (Cbeere.), Ha thanked them t.-1 tho. lntereat msnlfested ; In1'his maremont, Tbey would bi va difflaaliles ; but ' be believed that by thia lime next j esr they would meet to rt j aloe- |p wbat bad peen dona, (Load »ppI»or»,) M oollectloo wei (ben nada for tba «apport of tba rnoyt* ment, after wbiob tba larga aadfetser, wbo bad liatcneeV witb marked attention and faequaot epplaaia to tbar I addreat, disperser?: I Having received tb* subjoined let'er in reference tot» important part of Mr; Agnew's address, we give it poblioitj in fairness lo all ooncerned. Tba alatemeat tit. one gentleman being positively denied by another, il is>. for tba poblio to judge from tba evidenoe before Ibens. Sydney. J9lh Jnly.lio*.-. Reverend Sir,'!! baa been my intention to write to TOO, apoa, the enbjeot of tboee statements in yonr letter to the Bishop of Sydney, dated the 14th ultimo, which afreet'myself, with which £ ' became cffloially aeqaalnted, bat delayed doing.aola-lha.bopt» that your reply to bte Lordship's letter of ina alb-inatsnt would* have boen suoh ss to render lt nnneceasory. Having, however. Ibis morning received from the Billop -{who- le now st Brisbane) your lettor, addreased to him d*ted iheVlfc. lnitsnt (replying to his of tho llb), I sm nt a loss to express mp astonishment st your having re-asaerled " the limb of evsryr alatemant" in your former Jotter ; aa the charges which JOB .. apociUcally mano sgainat myaelf aro uttorty untrue in o»ery respoct, and I beliovo it imponible fjr you oven tollilok other- wise, after the correspondence *hlch hae paeeed bolween.ua, aoúV reapecting them. at all events, I with yon to nnderatand that I elvo them thou .. moat distinct and unqualified denial, and am propared at any momoat to disprove thora to tho aotlafdcllon of whoever may lake. . tbo troubla lo Investígalo into, their truth., and I Iherefor-se- ; ,' intímale to yan tbat I shall hold you legally responsible for lb». ? renelilion of those oalamniea verbally or other wise. I remain, fco., ? - (Signed) H. KERRISON JAMESY. Ref. P. P. Ajnow. 