SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1864. In the Legislativo Assembly yesterday, In answer to a question, Mr. GRAMT said tho Government had ar- rived at no decision os-to the loosing of the Government lines of railway. Mr, M'CANN moved for a return with refer- ence to the commons portions of willoh had lately been sold. Mr, REALES opposed tho motion. It woola bo impossible to furnell the return askod for ; and, ifitconld be famished, it would be of little value. Tho motion was negatived. Mr. VERDON moved I that tho Houso would, on Wednesday next, resolve itself into a com- mittee of ways and means. In committee, Mr. HiGiNDOTHAJt called attontionto the proposed consolidation of the statute laws. Ho pointed out the necessity of a revision of the statutes-those relating to wills and real property, for example-and dwolt on the difficulty experienced by legal gentlemen in discovering the actual state of tho law on any subject, from tho want of an index to the volumes in which tho acts of Parliament aro contained. Some excusa might bo found for this state of matters if legislation had been cheaply conducted ; but tho imperfect character of the legislation of the colony was itself the causo of large expense. Ho hold in his hand a return which showed that the bills introduced by the late Government had cost a luge Burn--a sum which, however, might bo taken as an average one, It appeared that tho original cost of printing the Local Govern- ment Bill was only £30, but the cost of the amendments was £091. The Municipal Bill also cost £36 originally, but the price of its amendments was £518. The original printing of all the bills of the late Government was £525, and their emendation cost £3,733. The Government had come to the conclusion that a commission on the subject of the consolida- tion of the statute law would not ba satis- factory. The work was within compass, the number of colonial acts b3lng only 419, and of English adopted acts forty-soven. Of these there wero many that could not ba interfered with, Tho entire body of law which it was desirable-to consolidate win embraced in Bomo 870 or 400 acts, nnd these oould be roughly reduced to fifty or sixty acts. The work had been commenced by draughtsmen, andho hoped the bills would be passed-as had been asked in England-without discussion. Bills that altered the law, however, would be introduced separately. He proposed to intro- duce about twenty of these strictly consolidat- ing billa at once, and when they were passed the Government printer would be able to turn out another series. Tho law once consoli- dated, an effort would be made to keep it so by appointing a Parliamentary draughtsman. The hon. member concluded by moving that it was expedient to amend the law, and that bills for that purposo be introduced. The motion was agreed to, after some re- marks from Mr, Levey, Mr. Snodgrass, Mr. Pope, and Mr. Edwards, to which Mr. Michie replied. On the motion of Mr. VERDON, the House resolved to go into committee of supply on Tuesday. Mr. HIQUTBOTHAM moved the second read- ing of the Trading Companies Bill, which was based on the English bill of the same name. The bill repealed the various mining partnership acts now ia force, except so far as they related to existing companies. The motion was agreed to, and tho bill read a second time and committed. The marginal notes were read, and tbo bill reported. The House then adjourned till Tuesday. The answer given by Mr. HBALES to Captain M'MAHON regarding the sale by auction of certain forfeited runs, and tho observations of the Minister of Lands on the working of the pastoral clauses, in his recent report, are both highly interesting, as tending to illus- trate the extraordinary confusion into which the whole question of the pastoral assessments has been thrown by the , failure of Mr. DUFFY'S Act. They may servo also to throw some little light on the intentions of the Government in dealing with the pastoral tenants of the Crown under the now bill. The confes- sion by Mr. HEALES, that he has no legal authority at present to dispose of any leases by auction, will perhaps be confirmed by the Supreme Court, to which the question, we beliovo, is to be referred. It is sufficient for us to know, at present, that the Board of Land and Works has acted entirely outside both the letter and the spirit of the act, in this, as also in the other portions of tho land law. Just as we have a system of land sales by auc- tion now in operation, which was never contemplated in Mr. DUFFY'S Act, so the pastoral tenure is administered according to some rule of expediency recognized in the department, and for which there is no warrant in the act. But Mr. BEALES has gone further than this, on even a moro important point, as to which it is strange that he has not been yet interrogated. He has given leases of seven years with the runs sold by auction, although there is nothing in the act to empower him so_to do. In the course of a few days we shall know whether tho course pursued by the Minister of Lands is in accordance with the new Ministerial policy towards the squatters. In the meantime, Mr. HEALES'S report on the working of the present system of pastoral assessments is a remarkable contribution to the his tory of the ever-to-ba-rememhered mea- sure, whick was to give homes to the people and a safe tenure to the squat- ters. According to the Minister of Lands, nearly every part of the machinery provided by Mr. DUFFY for extracting a fair return from the squatters for the use of the public lands, has been a failure. From beginning to end we have bungled every step of the process. "We first made a bargain, and then we attempted to sneak out of it. Being kept to the bargain unwillingly, through the strong hand of the law, we find it operates in a dozen ruinous or mis- chievous ways ; that its result is neither to please the squatters nor to satisfy the state. The state obtains less revenue tlian it expected, and less, as we believe, than is due. The squatters are worried and perplexed by conflicting enactments, by assessments and re- assessments, by ever-shifting claims, and unjust and un- equal burdens, Tho whole scheme of assessment by "capabilities," is a muddle ; and Mr. HEALES is scarcely to be blamed because he does not see his way very clearly out of it. The decision of the Supreme Court, atnrining that the arbitrators were bound not to go below the assessment of 1861, has only complicated an already inextric- able knot. That decision having thrown tho squatters involved upon the only legal alternative of accepting the assess- ment as originally fixed by the Board, has necessarily led to much hardship. While some of the squatters have had the full benefit of the arbitration, others again-and those the best entitled, perhaps, to remission-are left to bear the whole rent as assessed by the de- partment. Another element of confusion is furnished by another decision of the Supreme Court, coiifbming those awards which were made, after allowing for alienations of land up to the time of the arbitration. It was intended, at least so Mr. HEALES tells us, that these alienations should not be taken into account by the arbitrators, but that they Bhould be provided for under sec- tion 109. The effect of the judicial ruling is thus again to establish an in- equality between some squatters and other squatters. Some have the drawback allowed to them, on account of lands takon from their runs up to the dato of the arbitration; others have not the allowance, through tho arbitrators, in their case, not allowing for such deduc- tions. Thus the very squatters who aro charged with having evaded the act, by purchasing largo sections of land on their own runs, are declared to be those who have benefited the most by the operations of the act, by being released from paying a part of their rent on account of these same lands ! There cannot be n doubt that Mr, HEALES has made out a very Btrong case for the immediate revision of our system of pastoral assessments. The principle of the existing scheme, namely, that of fixing the rent according to the capabi lities of the run, we have always held to be faulty, inasmuch as there are no materials for any accurate or fair mea- surement of the pastoral lands according to their "grazing capabilities." The interests of the state, as well as of the squatter, demand that we should have a thoroughrevision of the conditions under which the pastoral lands are held. At present the burden weighs most un- equally upon the squatters, and the state is deprived of the full rent which ought to be received from its lands. A better system of assessment would tend to give us a larger revenue, and to remove partially, at least-that greatest of all obstacles in the way of pastoral improve- ment, insecurity of tenure, through per- petual agitation and bad legislation. Mr. HEALES'S estimate of the net pas- toral revenue for l8 C4, after deducting the reductions to be made under section 109, is £201,003 ; but no one who is acquainted with the resources of the country will deny that the sum might be larger through judicious management. We may not, indeed, be prepared to accept Mr. HEAHIS'S mode of comparing the real with the arbitrary value of the runs, by the premiums offered for the lately sold forfeited runs, under open competition ; for it is clear that no fair average can be taken from the prices realized by the six runs at the first sale. The premium given for Kedbank, Lamplough, and Glen Dhu, was quite exceptional, and is out of all proportion to the premiums realized on all the other lots. No one denies, moreover, that to put up all runs for auction at once would be profitable to the revenue. But as it is not probable this will be done, it is not worth our while to con- sider how bmuch we might make by the transaction. The immediate task which lies before Government is so to provide for the present tenants as that the state may receive the largest amount of rent, and the squatters every fair security. The progress which Parliament has already made in the despatch of busi- ness is so unusual that the memory of the oldest member may bo taxed without furnishing a parallel. If we are unable to believe, with the imaginative member for Evelyn, that the session -will be distinguished for its brilliancy, it may at least be hoped, from the placid and trusting disposition exhibited by members, that it will be a busy and useful one. Within four days, the address, and the reply to the programme of Ministerial inten- tions, have been disposed of, and leave has been given to the Attorney-General to introduce a perfect host of measures for the consolidation and amendment of the statute law, coupled with a pro- mise that these bills shall be accepted without discussion, on the credit of the law officers of the Crown. Not only has this consent been graciously given, but a measure of much impor- tance-the Trading Companies Bill-? has already been read a second time and passed through committee. More real work, therefore, has been done during the last four days than Parliament ac- complished in almost as many weeks after the commencement of last session. We trust this activity is an earnest of what is to follow. The bill which passed its second read- ing yesterday, and was disposed of by the committee after explanations by the Attorney-General-the marginal notes only being read-is one of the greatest importance to the colony. It embraces the whole of the provisions of the Trading Companies Act, which Mr. LEVI and Mr. IRELAND introduced during last session. That bill only failed to reach its last stage in the Legislative Council in time to re- ceive the Eoyal assent last session, and its failure was regarded with great regret by the mercantile and trading portion of the community. Its non success undoubtedly retarded the forma- tion of several projected companies for industrial purposes, and prejudiced others that were in existence. Nor is the reason why its failure so operated at all difficult to comprehend. No newspaper reader requires to be told that none of the existing acts under which trading, mining, and other as- sociations may be formed, secure to the shareholders that limited liability which is essential to such enterprises in a new country, where the element of ex- periment must necessarily enter to some extent, if not largely, into all industrial speculations. The object of the act of last session was mainly to secure this condition of partnership to trading asso- ciations, and to facilitate the settlement of the affairs of companies which had not been successful. The act now beforo Parliament, however, goes further. It repeals the three acts-HAINES'S, IRE- LAND'S, and PYKE'S-under one or other of which mining companies are at present constituted, and it extends to such partnerships the provisions which the act of last session proposed to secure for trading companies only. This limit of liability may be secured in one of two ways. It may be either by the limit of the value of the share ; or, in the event of a company being wound up, by the amount for which the sub- scriber gave his guarantee at the forma- tion of that company. So that, if the value of a share in a mining company is fixed at £50, the subscriber for one share only is liable to be called upon to pay up to £50, and no more ; or if, in the initiation of the speculation, he pledged himself to contribute a fixed sum, in the event of the failure of the company he may be required to pay that amount, and no more. The import- ance of these provisions will be admitted by all who have had any experience of the state of the law on the subject at this mo- ment. The certainty that the risk of the subscribers to a trading or mining venture is limited to the precise amount he has agreed to furnish, will go far to re- vive enterprise in this direction, and from its active developement much good may be anticipated. The act further provides, however, that un- limited liability may be secured in cases where a lesser interest is unde- sirable, and in which a limitation would interfere with the perfect confidence the particular association so registering itself would desire the public to reposo in it. The bill, it may bo added; is not retrospective j but it will be easy for mining and other associations registered under any one of the existing acts to reconstitute themselves under the bill of 1864. The bill consists of 181 clauses, which carry out in detail the views we have summarized in the preceding remarks ; and seven schedules, six of which fur- nish forms for the assistance of persons about to constitute trading or other asso- ciations, and regulations for the manage- ment of such companies. They supply all the information which persons desir- ing to associate themselves together for industrial purposes are likely to require. That the bill may speedily find its way to the Upper House, and inaugurate a series of useful enterprises, will be the general wish. Certainly, Ministers de servo credit f or jthe desire they have thus shown to meet the wants of the commu-, nity in this matter, and the prompt- ness and tact which have characterised their dealing with this bill. The Attorney-General obtained leave from tho Legislative Assembly, yesterday, to Intro dace a series of bills for the consolidation of the statute law of the colony. He stated that nearly 400 acts existed, which it was desirable to consolidate, and that these could, in the first instance, be reduced to less than sixty. A moro perfect classification and consolida- tion might be arrived at afterwards. About twenty of these billa was all the resources of the Government printing-office would enable him to loy on the table in the first instance ¡ but as soon aa the first seric3 was disposed of the second would be brought. Ho established the understanding distinctly with the House, however, that these consolidating billa must be accepted without discussion, or he would bo forced to withdraw them. The hon. member also stated that, for the purposo of preserving the statute book from being unnecessarily cumbered hereafter, he intended to proposo the appointment of a Parliamentary draftsman, to assist members in the preparation of such bills as they ob- tained leave to introduce. The Trading Companies Bill was read a second time in the Legislative Assembly last night, and was immediately afterwards com- mitted. The Attorney-General explained that in very many respsct3 the bill wa? the same as that which the Assembly adopted last year. It hod been enlarged, however, to repeal tho existing Mining Partnerships Bills, and to embrace mining and other associations, as well OB trading companies. In answer to Mr. Weekes, the hon. member further stated that associations registered under the bill could secure limited liability for tho shareholders, or unlimited liability, as might be desired. The committee were contont that the mar- ginal notes only should be read, and that course being adopted, the bill passed through committee, and was reported. The vacation of the law courts terminates to-day, and business will be resumed in BOmo of the courts on Mondoy next. Evidence will be token in the Equity Oourt in the causes of Sutherland v. Peel and Collier v. Corcoran. Cei tífica te meetings will bo held at the Insol- vent Court at the usual hour. The General Sessions also commence on Monday, and a heavy calendar of twenty-seven ca3ei awaits disposal. To day will bo a rather busy one in the cricketing world. The following are among the engagements that have been made :-An Essendon Cricket Club Eleven will meet a Williamstown Eleven on the ground of the former. Matches will also be played-Carlton v. Young Australian, in the Univeraity-pad dock, wickets being pitched at three p.m.; between the Excelsior and Albion Clubs, on the reserve in front of Bell's School, wickets to be pitched at half-past two p.m. ; bat ween the Alma and Union Club3 First Elevens, on the ground of the former, at tho other side of Prince'8-bridge, wicket? to be pitched at half past two p.m. ; between the Alma Club Second Eleven and the Victoria Club Second Eleven, in Richmond-paddock, wickots to bo pitched at half-past two p.m.; between the Model Schools Club and the Eastern-hill Club Second ElevenB, on the"ground'of the latter, and be- tween two Elevens of the South Yarra Club in a scratch match. Tho members of the Lonsdale Club play thoir return match eleven v. twenty-two-wickets to be pitched at one o'clock. A match will be played on the St. Kllda-paik ground, between the ware- house clnbs of Messrs. L. Stevenson and Sons and W.Watson and Sons. The half yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Collinswood Gas Company was held yesterday, at their offices, in Swanston-streot. The directors' report and financial statement showed a very satisfactory state of affairs, and a dividend for the half-year was declared at the rate of twelve per cent, per annum. A long and tedious discussion took place rela- tive to the circumstances under which the late secretary of the company had been re- quested to resign, but eventually the course taken by the directors was upheld and approved. A deputation from the Avoca Hoad District, consisting of Mr. Ramsay, M.L.A., and Mr. Griffiths, road engineer to the district, waited on the hon. Commissioner of Hoads and Bridges yesterday, for the purpose of asking for assistance in respect to certain damage done by floods to the bridges in that vicinity, which was estimated to amount to about £1,000. The matter had boon before the board for some time, and after a short discussion, Mr. Grant now replied that he had no funds to draw upon, but if any votes lapsed, and ho could appropriate them, he would do his beat for the object desired. A little more than three months ago, the Sandridge Municipal Council applied to the borj. President of the Board of Land and Works, under the following circumstances : A certain area of land westward of the rail- way, called Fisherman's Bend, had lately been annexed to the municipality, and on it was a manure depot, nsed variously by the people of Melbourne, Emerald-hill, and St. Kilda, as well as Sandridge. This was rapidly becoming a terrible nuisance. Taking advan- tage of the night, people carted their soil no further from the railway station than they could, and tilted it in places where it speedily offended the nostrils of the neighbourhood. Then, again, dead horses and cows were brought thither to add the odour of their putrescence to the general stench ; and which- ever way the wind blew, some community or the ships, in the bay suffered. The Sand- ridge Council stated their desire of bettering this state of things by a deodorizing process, and asked that, as tho depot was now within their bolder?, they might have the exclusive use of it. Mr. Heales roplicd that he would take the matter in his own hands, and if within three months the Municipalities of Emerald hill and St. Kilda did not come to some amicable arrangement, he would consider the propriety of conceding tho present request. The deputation then retired, and shortly of terwards letters from the Crown Lands De- partment were rccoivod by the municipalities in question, who were informed that if they did not come to somo amicable arrangement, the dopût would be forthwith handed over to the management of the Sandridge Council, In spite of some grumbling at a request which Intimated that if they did not meet the -wishes of Sandridge, they wonld lose the depOt, both councils replied that they would consent to an amicable arrangement. Three months elap.cd, and nothing moro being done, the Sandridge Council, ia the person of Dr. Plummer (the mayor), Council- lor Pickles, and Mr. E. Clark (the town clerk), waited on Mr. Heales yesterday, to ask for the fulfilment of the promise made in cu«, no friendly settlement was arrived at. Mr. Heales replied that he had received letters favour- able to tho settlement, and aiked how it was that it hod not been arrived at. Tho Mayor of Sandridge answered that he had received no communication by word or deed from cither of the neighbouring councils. It thuB transpired that what each party supposed was the busi- ness of the other had bsen quietly dropped by all. The mayor then asked that the question should to postponed till ho had asked tho other councils for a meeting. This was agreed to, Mr. Heale3 remarking that he thought tho Sandridge people would be now entitled to the dopOt if the other sides did not como to terms. The deputation next complained of the ballast-men taking »and solely from tho high, bank which shut out the sea at high water from flooding the greater part of Fisherman's Bend. Ho said that a littlo more and a breach would he made. Mr. Heales promised that the attention of the Crown lands ranger should bo called to the subject. Four handsome boats, built by J. and S. Salter, of Oxford, of workmanship equal to anything seen out here before, have with- in the last few days been added to Mr. J. Edwards's fleet on the Upper Yarra. They arrived here per King of the Seas. Two are sculling-boats (outriggers), and two are pair oar outriggers, and all are cedar-built, with mahogany fittings. They are lying at the Melbourne Club boathouse for inspection. At the weekly meeting of tho Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, the superintendent made the following return :-Number of inmates in tho home, as reported last week, 532; admitted since, 67 ; persons who have received outdoor relief, 69; total relieved, 718\. Discharged from the home during the week, 68. Total at present remaining, 639 ; consisting of-children chargeable to the Go- vernment, 438; coses chargeable to the society, 162. The superintendent of tho Immigrants' Home, Prlnco's-hrldge, desires to acknow- ledge the following donations, sent for the children in the home :-Two cases of pears, from Mr. Joske; and 3001b. of cake, from Mr. T. H. Miors. An influential and well-attended meeting was held at the Cheltenham Hotel, Chelten- ham, to consider an appropriation of the Moorabbin and Mordialloc commonage funds by the trustees towards making roads not conducive to the benefit of such common. The chair was taken by Mr. Attenborough, who explained the objects of the meeting, which was followed by an explanation by Mr. Potts, one of the managers, condemning the acts of his colleagues. It was then proposed and carried, that a deputation wait on Mr. Heales, to explain and ask for the remedy of certain grievances relative to the general management of the common, which was agreed to, and which is being proceeded with. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the meeting. There was no business of any consequancs done at tho Sandridge Police Court yes- terday. The Ancient Order of Foresters, represented by Mr. J. Whiteman, D.O.R. ; Mr. B. Bobin Bon, D.S.C.E. ; and Mr. F. Loplastrler, D.S. secretary, waited on the hon. Chief Secretary yesterday to ask for a continuance in occupa- tion of tho Zoological-gardens reserve on New Year's-day. They represented that they had now so occupied it by their annual fete for two successive years, having gone to considerable expense on each occasion ; that their object was charitable, and that the working-classes of Melbourne, as a body, would receive the main benefit thereof. Mr. M'Culloch replied that he could give no promise in the matter, eave that he would do what ho could ; at tho same timo ho agreed not to pledge himself on the same subject to the Caledonian Society or any other public body. A meeting of the supporters of Mr. Williams, one of tho candidates for La Trobe Ward, wa3 held in the Mechanics' Institute lost evening. There was a pretty good attendance. Mr. William Bancroft was called to the chair. Mr. Williams briefly explained his views on muni- cipal matters, and expressed himself in favour of the completion of the Town-hall buildings, and the establishment of the fish market. Ho was also of opinion that something should bo done to prevent the ¡eolation of large suburban districts in the case of another visitation, suoh as the late flood. It was all the, moro desirablo that something should bo un- dertaken for that purpose, since the Go- vernment had £10,000 in their possession, which might be available. He would Uko also to see the management of the Yan Yean pass into the hands of the corporation in the course of time ; and if that were the case, ho believed that a large revenue might be acquired. When he stood for the hut va- cancy, an objection was raised to him on the ground that he had an interest in tho streot tramway which it was then proposed to lay down. If thoro was any disqualification at all in that matter it was now removed, since the|project was no longer on foot, while the plant had been offered to tho Sydney Government, and would very likely be accepted by them. Mr. Williams - added that, in the event of tsing returned, he would give his very best attention to the affairs of the ward. At the clo3e of his ad- dress, two or three questions were put to tho candidate and answered by him. Only one of , them, however, could be considered germane, and it had reference to the unfinished streets in EoBt Melbourne. Mr. Williams stated that he was in favour of completing the whole of the streets in that district at present in a partially formed state. There were two reso- lutions submitted-ono a vote of confidence in the candidate, the other being an amend- ment to the effect that the candidato was unworthy the confidence of the ratepayer.. The former was carried by a largo majority. A voto of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. The meeting would havo been quite an orderly one bat for the pre- sence of two or three persons, who came to tho hall with no other object than disturbance in view. The annual meeting of the Caledonian Society will take place at two p.m. to- day, at the Port Phillp aub Hotel, Flinders-street, for tho purpose of receiving the report of the directors respecting the grant of land obtained from the Government, and other mates ; and also for tho election of office- bearers for the year. The annual general meeting of the Law Institute was held yesterday, at the library, Temple couit, when, after the rcpoit of the council bad boen read and adopted, the follow- ing members were elected as the council for the present year:- Mr. E. Klingender, presi- dent; Mr. F. G. Moule, vice-president; Messrs. T. Hamlet Taylor, R. S. Anderson, J. B. Bennett, A. B. Malleson, E. Sandford, A. W. Smale, and E, Oharsley. A resolu- tion was passed, recommending to the council the appropriation of onohe'f of the funds of 'the inttitute on deposit in the Bank of Vic- toria for tho purchacs of bcoks for the library, conditional on an eqnal amount being sub- scribed by the members for such purpose. The principal case at the St. Kilda Folios Court yesterday involved a charge of perjury preferred by Mrs. Maria Barnes, of the St, Kilda Family Hotel, Clyde-street, against a man named Edward Julian. It appeared that the defendant had sworn before a commis- sioner fcr taking affidavit] that on the 20th of Decembiir ho had served upon the com- plainant a copy of a writ of ejectment. The complainant denied ever having been so served, and, in consequence of her ignorance of what was being done, judgement had been allowed to go against her in a ca3e, Hayes v. Eames, which would otherwise have been defended on the part of the latter. The com- plainant, indeed, added that shehadnover Ecen the copy of tho writ of ejestment pro- duced in court until the 1st of January, in the office of Mr. M'Kean, solicitor. A man named ThomasRobinson, who was examined in the case, stated that the defendant had not served the copy of the writ poisonally, bat had employed him to do it. He (Robinson) took the copy, and carried it about in his pocket for several days, without ssrvins it upon Mrs. Barnes. A Frenchman named Jules Martin corroborated the evidence of Bobinson aa to his getting the copy of tho -writ from Julian. The defendant denied his guilt, and was proceeding to make a state- ment when he was advised by his solicitor and friends in court to abstain from doing so. The magistrates regarded the case as ono which had better be dealt with by a jury, and the defendant was thereforo committed for trial, bail being token for his appearance, him Belf In £100 and two sureties of £50 each. A young boy, named John Smith, wholhas been repeatedly before the Court, was again brought up, charged with having stolen £32 frcm his employer, residing at Caulfield. The charge wos brought home to the prisoner, and ho was sentenced to one month's im- prisonment, with hard labour. Alfred Sum- mers, charged with depositing broken bottles in a public place, was fined 2s. Od. Mi. Bunny, Dr. Pattarson, Mr. Cowderoy, and Mr. Joshua were the presiding magistrates. The cargo of the steamer Albury on her last trip from the Upper Murray to Echuca consisted of 1,245 bales of wool, consigned as follows :-To Messrs. Clough and Co., 023 hales; Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co., 25-1; Messrs. Turnbull, 170 ; Meesrs. W." Sloane and Co., 88; and Messis. Dalgety and Co., 110. Tho Lady Augusta on her last trip from the Murrumbidgee and Lower Murray to Echuca had 31S bales, of which 34 were consigned to Messrs. Henty and Co. ; G1 to Messrs. W. Sloane and Co.; and 197 to Messrs. Rhind and Turnor. Some fine photographic views, on a large scale, of the Moorabool viaduct have been taken by Messrs. A. MorriB and Co., of Elizabeth-street. They form pait of a series taken for the Railway department, and are most excellent specimens of the ait. To-day, Mr. Birch's entertainment, at the Polytechnic Institute, will bo repeated for tho last time-once at three p.m., and again at eight p.m. On loaving Melbourne, this gen- tleman will appear at Geelong, and subse- quently, we believe, at Ballarat. At the Williamstown Police Court yester- day, Reuben H White, clerk for Messrs. Stewart and Cairick, of Sandridge, appeared to answer an information laid by Mr. Mac- farlane, tide-inBpector, for a broach of the port regulations, in boarding the French barque Pactole before that vessel was cleared ¡by the proper officer. Mr. Pentland appeared for the defence'; but the case was proved, and defendant fined £6, and costs of court. A similar charge to the above was brought by the same officer against Captain W. Brown one of the marine surveyors, found on board the ship King of the Seas. In this cas», too, the defendant was fined £5, and costs of court. Owing to the mismanagement of those who were entrusted with the embarkation of the military contingent for Now Zealand on Thursday last, between 3C0 and 4C0 of them, a majority of whom wero women and children, were compelled to seek shelter for the night at the offices and sheds of the Hobson'a Bjy Railway Oompany, and the Naval Brigade drill-room, Sandridge. The Murray is not the only river in the colony of which the ccd is o native. A fish of that kind, weighing forty-Beven pounds, was caught in the Loddon a few days ago, near Eddington. We havo our files to the 27th from Laun- ceston, and to the 20 th instant from Hobart own. The return match between Messrs. M'Ewan and Kidd, of the North Melbourne Rifle- Oom- pany, and Messrs. Cole and Johnson, of the Emerald-hill Artillery Company, came off on Tuesday afternoon, at the Sandridge butts, nnder the supervisión of Captain Irving. It will be seen that on this occasion the Eme- rald-hill men wero victors by forty-five points. The scoring was not high, but it will be re- membered that tho afternoon was exceedingly unfavourable to good shooting; the wind blew a gale across the range, and at one time the rain came down in torrents. The follow- ing is the scoring:-North Melbourne men: M'Ewan, 700 yards, 27; 800 yards, 0; 900 yards, 18-40. Kidd, 700 yards, 15 ; 800 yards, 17; 900 yards, 0-38; total, 78. Emerald-hill men:-Cole,-700yards, 25; 800yards, l8; 900 yards, 19-57. Johnson, 700 yards, 26; 800 yards, 10; 900 yards, 24-60; total, 123. ' A very interesting meeting took place in the Hoddle-street Methodist Free Church, in East Collingwood, on Tuesday evening, the members and friends of the congregation being desirous of expressing their apprecia- tion of tho zealous and useful laboura of their minister, the Rev. George Standing, who has laboured among thom for the past four years. A large and respectable company partook of tea, after which, the Rev. T. A. Bayley pre- siding, various addresses were delivered by the chairman, Rev. G. Minns, and J. Mow- bray, from Geelong, followed by Mesar.'. Toon, Baistow, and other gentlemen. Mr. W. Ellingworth, after reading an address from the congregation, presented to their pastor a very elegant electro-glided clock, bearing the following engraved upon a silver Bhield Bluxed in front:-"Pre- sented to tho Rev. George Standing by the members and friends of the congre- gations of Hoddle-Btreet, Kow, and Box- hill United Methodist Free Churches, as a memento of affection, and In appreciation of the love and zeal with which he has laboured in the causo of Christ. Victoria, Jan. 20, 1864." After which Mrs. Hancock presented a rlchly-chased tea and coffee ser- vice. The rev. gentleman replied in an appropriate speech. The choir of the church, aided by several visitors and friends, enlivened the meeting by singing various anthemß, &c.;, adding greatly to the pleasure of the evening. After tho usual thanks to the ladies who had provided the tea, &c;, the meeting closed. A meeting of the ratepayers of La Trobo Ward took place last evonlng, at the Bull and Mouth Hotel. Mr. Thomas Nottle was voted to tho chair, and after explaining tho objects for which the meeting was called, ho introduced Mr. R. A. Cooper, one of the can- didates for the representation of the ward. Mr. Cooper thon stated bia views of municipal matters at somo length, and answered nume- rous questions apparently to the satisfaction of the meeting. It was moved, seconded, and unanimously agreed to, that Mr. R. A. Cooper was a fit and proper person to represent the ward. The exhibition of the ghostly productions of Professor Pepper, at the Princess's, has considerably varied since its first appear- ance, and last night a great improvement was discernible in the effects produced. The optical arrangements had evidently been carefully adjusted, and the result was no doubt as near perfection in its kind as was attain- able. This evening is announced as the last appearance of the ghost at this theatre. The opera of the "Night Dancers" wits [ repeated at the Haymarket Theatre last even- ing. There was a pretty good house. The return match between the married and I Bingle of the Prahran and South Yarra Rifle Company will be shot at the Sandridgo butts at two o'clock to-day. I At the District Court yesterday, Michasl Hogan sued Wolf Brasch, a licensed pawn- broker, for the illegal detention of goods, | value £20. The plaintiff said ho was by trade a printer. On the 16th of May last he took two boxes to the shop of the defendant, who, having examined their contants, advanced £3 10s. upon them. Plaintiff had paid tho interest, and went to redeem the boxes on Saturday last. On going to the shop ho found one of the boxes open-they were both locked when he deposited them with the defen- dant. He also found one of his coats, which had boen left in one of the boxes, exposed outside the shop. He claimed it, but de- fendant Baid it was not his ; however, he was sure it was his, from having it made for him. Altogether, the value of the various things missing was not less than £12 Defendant had since- told bim ho would make up the loes. Plaintiff still had some bundles in the shop of the defendant. The wife of the plaintiff made a statemont corroborative of the above ; and stated, after the examina- tion of the things by the dofendant, when tho boxes wero pledged, her husband locked the hoxep, and witness brought away the keys. On redeeming the boxes, she saw a mark upon the one that was open, as though it had been forced open with a chisel. On complaining to Brasch, he told her ho would make the things good to her, for ho hod them in some of his bundles. They had seven parcels in defendant's pos- session now, but the missing things wore not in them, unless they had been placed there by the defendant Bince Monday last. The dofen- dant being examined, deposed that when the boxes were left with him they were locked, and the keys taken away. He restored tho boxes in the same condition, unopened, and had never touched their contents while in his charge. On producing his book, it was seen that the goods were entered as " Two boxes with sundries." Mr. Hackett said that was not a description of the goods such a3 ho was required by tho law to enter into his hook. He was required to specify the goods on which the money was lent ; but as it was clearly not upon the boxes, but upon their contents, that ho had advanced the money, in fact this was no description at all. The defendant had rendered himself liable to a penalty of £50 and the loss of his licence ; but he (Mr. Hackett) would postpone the case until Monday, and, in the meantime, order a search-warrant to issuo for the exami- nation of the defendant's shop. We learn, upon inquiry, that up to last even- ing the health of Mr. Vf. Nicholson continued sfeadily to improve. Last night's Bendigo Evening News says : " Almost every day we have tho pleaiure of recording the discovery of a Raywood nugget. Yesterday morning, ono weighing about twenty-four ounces was taken out of the shallow ground. We understand that a hand- some specimen was also discovered." The Leander Club scratch rowing matches will take place this afternoon, at three and four o'clock, tho course to be horn the rail- way bridge to Brandreth's ferry. The crows aro as follow *.-First crew-D. Goldie, Kip- ling, Bishop, and H. Hall (stroke) ¡" second crew-F. Wallan, D. Gaunson, F. Massey, and N. Cullen (stroke) ; third crew-J. Bu- chanan, W. Wallan, J. Cullen, and J. Mitchell (stroke). We are requested to state that the com- mittee of the General Band have to thank Messrs. William Watson and Sons, and Messrs. L. Stevenson and Sons and Young- husband and Co, for donations of ten gutnoas each. Collections will be mado in St. Peter's Church to morrow (Sunday), on behalf of the sufferers hy the late flood. Dicker's Mining Record for January gives the following, as more "facts for Professor M'Coy :"-" A few days ago the manager of a well-known Bendigo company wrote to us as follows :-' Below the 220-foot level there is a small vein running down, which, taken bulk for bulk, is the richest stone I ever saw. It is from about half au inch to a mere thread in thickness, and is fully one half gold. It runs as we often Bee veins of mundic in the slate.' In the olden times this would have been crushed separately. On another line of reef, at the depth of nearly 300ft., as rich stone has lately been raised as has beon got from tho mine at any time, and the claim on the Bur face was One of tho richest of the rich ones of Bendigo." The work at the battery" now boing erected for drill purposes on the beach at St. Kilda has been proceeded with during the even- ings of the present week, by detachments of the local corps. Members are to assemble at the works this afternoon (not in uniform), at two 'o'clock, for drill and tho battery erec- tion. It is also expected that the amateur brass band will be present a part of the time. The instruction in musketry commences on Monday morning, at six, on the parade ground. Visitors to the Botanic-gardens are for the present almost exclusively limited to tho higher portion of tho grounds-the damage done to tho lower walks by tho late inunda- tion being as yet unrepaired. Great exer- tions are being made to restore the river-side footpaths to a passable condition, but the accomplishment of this will require further time, and no inconsiderable outlay of money. From the quantity of sand and silt de- posited by the flood an indirect ad- vantage moy be gained, inasmuch as it will tend to heighten considerably the walks adjacent to the bridge approach, which oven in ordinary wet weather were by no mc ans too elevated. The beautiful verdant appearance, though, which this por- tion of the ground presented daring the entire year is utterly despoiled, and has given place to a forlorn and desert aspect. Not- withstanding the tempestuous weather which prevailed during the November and Decem- ber of last year, and which modo such rude havee amongst the plants and flowers, the gardens are still delightfully attractive. In the open grounds there is an endless variety of flowers in bloom, and by the curious in horticulture thero may be seen near the propa gating-house a very fine specimon of New Zealand reed-grass {Arundo conspicuo), and also the abutilon, a South American plant of the malvacoan order, beating a brilliant yellow flower. This is the only plant of its kind in the gardens which has as yet been so showily doveloped. The larger and smaller conservatories fairly teem with pot plants, rivalling each other in form and colouring, and the most fastidious lover of flowers will find much to please and interest during a leisurely inspection. By tho last mail from Europe a general collection of shrub and treo seeds was received from the Messrs. Hubert of Hyerús, and a miscellaneous collection of seeds bos oleo been received from Mr. D. S. Campbell. A burglary was committed at three o'clock on Thursday morning, at the house of Mr. W. Cochrane, Caroline-street, South Yarra. It seems that a noise being heard, the brother of Mr. Cochrano got up, and on getting to the top of the stairs he saw some ono retreating through the front door. On examination, it was found that the burglar had been dis- turbed in his operations before ho had an op- portunity of lemoving anything from tho house. Entrance had been effected by unfas- tening the catch of the front window. Mr. W. A. Brahe, of Mary-street, Richmond, gives information to the police of an attempt at robbery mado at his house, at midnight on Thursday last. Healing a noise in his back verandah, he gotout of bed, and found two men at the place whence the noise proceeded. He seized one of the men, and detained him till he had an opportunity of handing him over to the custody of the police. The other man escaped. They had a lot of Bundry ar- ticles-clothing, boots, &c-colleoted; in a bag, evidently for the purpose of removal. Yesterday, at the East Collingwood Police Court, Richard Thomas, for being illegally on the premises of J. Lowe, was sent to gaol for seven days, with hard labour. Frederick Taylor, informed against.by tho inspector of nuisances for petmitting the overflow of a cesspool on his premises, was fined 40s., and 10s. cost? ; or, in default of payment, Bevon days' impiisonment. Patrick Dean, for allowing cows to wander through the streets, was fined 5s, and 5s. costs ; and Matthew Jones and George Gunston, for allowing goats to wander in the public thoroughfare, were soverally fined Is. and 2s. 6d., and 6s. costs. A number of small debt cases were also dealt with. In the maintenance coso, Motílela Raines v, Joseph Saines, the statements made in evi- dence disclosed a very unflattering picture of matrimonial felicity,- and went to establish the unpleasing fact that tho complainant had connived at systematic trespass on the con- jugal domain, and that the defendant was moro sinned against than sinning. The Bench without demur dismissed the appli- cation. The Hon. J. .P. Fawkner and Mr. W. Thomas, J.P., were the magistrates on the bench. The final performance of the burlesque and pantomimo drew a crowded house lost even- ing at tho Theatre Royal. To-night there will be a" Grand revival" of the historical play of "King John," which the programme announces will bo produced with now scenery, dresses, and decorations, and supported by the entire strength of the powerful company now engaged at this theatre. Mr. Barry Sul- livan will BUBtatn the character of Phillp Falconbridge ; Mr. Robert Hoir, King John ; and Mrs. R. Heir, Lady Constance. 