DINNER IN A TOMB. land Badger and my dragoman, and our three donkeys and their attendants, and a mounted guide with a long rebout, or quarteretaff club over his brown-robed shoulder, arc on -our way through a dismal valley of Tocks to the Babel Moolook, or gates ot the Kings, through which, hundreds of years ago, before Homer grew blind, or Herodotus listened to Egyptian lies and legends, the kings of Thebes •were borne to their subterranean tombs, with hieroglyphic standards, lotus banners, and wafts of frankincense and myrrh from golden vessels, rising to scare the hyaena and the jackal, who stand at the mouths of their dens sniffing for newB, and astonishing the vulture, who hangs quite motionless above in the fervid air. An hour ago, we left some mud walls and short turf worn to the scanty paddedness of an old hearth-rug; an hour ago, we heard the last half-wild Arab dog bark, the last puny over-hatched chicken crow sleepily; an hour ago, we saw the latest case of ophthalmia and naked child, and were offered die last scarabsci. And we were now alone, where nothing lived, grew, sang or spoke, but ourselves. It was the Valley of die Shadow of Death, heated seven times hotter than it was wont to be heated. . Here Badger drew out his revolver, and menaced an imaginary wolf. The guide, looking round indolently, and seeing a pistolbarrel cl9se to his back, entreated Badger to take care it did not go off. Badger smiled at the possibility. Yesterday, I was scrambling over millions of tons of the rubbish of Sold Thebes, or stumbling over the black skulls or brown shrunken hands and shreds of the tawny grave-clothes of learned Thebans, burnt (the rest of them) in peasants' fires, or the gathering dust in European museums. To-day, I am in a rocky valley, where man cannot dwell ; beneath is desert dust; above, and on all sides, are cliffs, brown calcined rocks, on which no grass, no lichen even, not the smallest white or orange scale of moss, can cling or find root. A brown dusty rock, of a dull orange color, whitened by sunshine, is the grave rock, compared with whose barrenness the barrenness of a crayon sky, or an alpine needle of granite is animation; for the one is often wet, glistening with mist and rain, and the other is itself beautiful from its contrast with the snow through which it pierces. But the desolation of red-hot rock, with desert sand below, is complete indeed, and a fitting avenue to the tombs of dead pride and cruelty. We circled the rocks in single file, stopping now and then to look at self-Aade columns formed here and there in the rock by the dissolution of softer strata, and to wonder what the scene would be like when the sudden rains pour down these dead ravines, and the devastating water comes leaping down the dead men's valley, and through the Gates of the Kings, who were ruthless and tremendous beings, and lords of Tipper and Lower Egypt, when England was inhabited only by oysters, snipes, and wolves. The glare from the rocks is as when you look closely at a red-hot shovel. You cannot' look up; you butt on, hoping to "get somewhere that will be cooler and less eye-withering. Now we reagh a winding and ascending Vjto the g6rga, where we lount. i ancr.Badger dismount; our stirrups being held by jfe, who always select such an Oriental ceremony as a fit time to remind you of future "backsheesh," and to utter lying plaudits of their donkeys. " Very good donkey, sare; go like steamer; fast as horse; just same as horse, your donkey, sare." Our saddle bags with the dinner are thrown over Homar Alee's (the guide's) shoulder, and we set out for tomb " No. 17, Belioni tomb," as our guide somewhat pedantically names the first object of our search. Bat here our guide, betraying some temper respecting: our wish to keep our wax candles and German matches in our own care, so that we may neither.be left in the dark half a mile underground through bis carelessness, or be hurried homeward to our boat through his stealing them, Badger, one of the bestnatured souls in the world, who always wants to do things in a cozy, straightforward way, and who has had veiy little conversance with any people but his own countrymen, takes the guide bv the shoulders and addressed him with • honeyed words, tjjp- " Look -hett, my dear fellow, all we want is to see the Wag Thoroughly, le too." (Here Badger,jyho, like others of my compatriots, believ^s|Ehat every one understands French, joff into the French of Stratforde and 'Do you understand ? Let us go " ) and- " oofl),"says the Arab sulkily, unit'two words of all Badger's [y^descendS;! Commencez vite! •voua comprenez—you undertomb, No. 17," says Homar Alee TheidfiSkeys were picketed in the shade of a rock—that is, one front leg of each was tied up in the tranquilising Arab manner pirated by Rarey. We -got the short spermaceti candles out of the saddle bags, and approached the entrance of No. 17, which that extraordinary runaway Pavian monk and street acrobat, the gigantic Belzoni, ingenious discoverer oi Egyptian antiquities, ransacked with great success. At the foot of a Tirown bare cliff in this valley of -death is the square doorway of the tomb, marked in red paint on the lintel by Champollion, -Bruce, and some other Egyptian traveller. We are going to penetrate 470 feet horizontally into the "deserted palace of death, and -108*feet deeper than the head of the broken staircase where I now stand, down to the chamber inhere- once-rested-that wonderful isemi'transparent alabaster sarcophagus which is JIOW to-be - seen in the-Soane Museum,- in Lmcoln'e Jnn-fields, London/England. We descend* the .broken staircase, covered; jirithsflakes and broken > ledges of sjlone, that : jjpajttejojiie jeal entrance to thetomb. Badger, ^^3&jj;^zni3st<of the •BHpjpe&^rid ^tthcertain for MiHiay^oin&rthedate; of; ditfppiib's 'discoveip- •Wati&erdoornna; anoi feet longjby S swyle, its >oo: lorch-smSfcb/of ^ _ .. .„ „ <t TOth^loredliieroglyjAics,tringiis tosti other -«bdwng"|an3 fractmred staircase, which de-: ^cen^'pn'^^^oji^ntal.elant :feet. ' "j*..-y * f ! ! We more witfcgUm |SHie"Tletntut jan3"" M∾ -B^Jwnijg J in;la' to £11 half a dozen masons' yards. Persian, Greek, Turk, and Frenchman, have all lent their hands to plunder, spoil, and demolish, the tomb of the old Egyptian king. The guide shows you the ruthless hollows at the base of the sec and staircase, where Champollion removed some speciatly curious and beautiful groups. Other antiquarians have imitated him with lamentable success; others with lamentable failures—all have helped to mar and mutilate this palace of King Death. Every wall is like the gigantic illuminated leaf of a child's spelling-buok, the colors still perfect, the forms of the strange mystic menagerie still entire. The water-plant, the rat, the ibis, the wild goose, the jackal, the hare, the hawk, the ape, the vulture, the asp with swollen hood, the crocodile, the sycamore—all the plants and creatures I liaee been for weeks in contact with'—cut into the stucco with strong, clear, intelligent touch. The colors—the greenish blues, the heavy reds, the coarse yellows—though barbarous in effect, untarnished by age. To many living, the figures could now be read off as a newspaper can be read. I know that this lute meant "pleasure," and this cross and ring " pure life," and this blue figure a god, and this red figure a man, and this triple scourge "royal power," and this asp sovereignty. But beyoud this all is darkness, except where readings in Egyptian mythology enable me to see that here the Genii of the Dead, beaded by Horus, led the dead king to OsiriB and Atbos; and that here the king, in his descent to Amend, to be tried for bis life's deeds,, is ferried over the river of Death, or makes offerings to Osiris, Isis, and Anubis. The whole tomb is a great epic, the subject death ; yet it resembles a child's picture-book, painted in crude and conventional colors, barbarous and curious, but beautiful only to the overheated imagination. What a strange freak of ride to provide this subterranean picture- world to spend the ages in, and to await Cook the inevitable spoiler. Had these Pharaohs pined for eternity of peace, why did they not go and have their graves dug deep in the moving desert, and where none could have discovered them ? Many a peasant they spurned with their feet, as he cowered amid the ashes of their brick-kilns, has slept for three thousand years in his forgotten grave, while the lord of the two Egypts has been torn piecemeal by antiquarians to spice library drawers, or has been dismembered by popular lecturers searching for papyri. Happy in my ignorance, as I dream over the impotence of pride and the vanity of transitory power, I grow so careless of the flattery ana emptiness of the hieroglyphic inscriptions, that I would scarce read them now, if I could. It might have been Sethi, or Osirei, father of Sesostris, who, thirteen hundred and twenty-two years before Christ, sire, I me an, of the Eighteenth Dynasty of Theban Dispolites, who drove out the strange shepherd kings, who slumbered here in an alabaster chest; all I care for is that it is the tomb of a bygone Egyptian king, and that here am I, to whom Egyptian history has been dear ever since J could read, utterly indifferent to whose tomb"I am in. And -here is Badger inquiring about lunch, and teasing our Arab guide in bad French. " I say, guide, nous voulons manger— lunch, you know. Now, I do hope you brought the corkscrew. Aimez-vons brjUVyii porter, or did the Prophet forlsA it ?—1(> Propbete n'aimait pas Ix-'pEirt and sherry, e'est vrai' " " " Sayib" (good), tolls out the Arab guide. " Quite Egyptian!" says the critical Badger, as he looks about him with an air of delight and astonishment, the hot wax dripping on his hand, and occasioning him moments of extreme pain and excitement. The guide bears these transient sufferings with that Christian patience with which we generally contrive to bear the misfortunes of others. " But it hurts, you know," was Badger's remonstrance, which he instantly stopped to pat and encourage the guide, and entreat him "not to hurry, my dear fellow. Let's do everything deliberately and comfortably." To which the guide, thinking Badger was asking him the name of the tomb, always replied, with the air of an authority, " Number seventeen—Belzoni tomb." The two staircases, tlie three doorways, and a third passage of twenty-nine feet, brought us to a small oblong chamber, where the pit is, that once baffled all further progress. The pit, a kind of moat hollowed out to guard death from life; a pit whose inner wall, strong apparently as a fortress, and shaped of blocks of hewn stone cemented close as cabinet work, barred all further hope of discovery. The cunning of the builder, dead now 6ome three thousand years, had well guarded the secret. The stone on the walls was covered with columns of hieroglyphics in due sequence. There was no flaw for curiosity or suspicion to work in its crowbar. Yet at the first grasp of Belzoni the whole magic of the dead Pharaoh fell to pieces. The hollow sound of the wall of the pit had caught his quick ear a small aperture no bigger than a scorpion could wriggle through had caught his quick eye; the battering-ram was launched, and the great painted halls and the alabaster sarcophagus met bis delighted glance/ But it was the Arab' hunters for treasures and the gropers in the mummy-pit who had given him the first inkling. They had been struck, after the rains, by seeing at one particular spot in the Bab-el-Molook the earth always sink and shrink. Belzoni, whose whole mind was bent on discovery, accepted the omen, and began to dig, instantly discovering the first staircase and doorway. It is quite a tour through this subterranean palace of the dead; for one has no sooner penetrated the first passages and hall, twentysix feet square, supported by four rock pillars, than we come to a second hall, two more passages, and a grand hall, supported by sis pillars, at the upper end of which is the vaulted chamber where the sarcophagus was found. Nor is this all: for two more rooms, supported by pillars, lead out of the grand hail, and in some of them- are niches and recesses, intended for we know not what incense-burcing or mummy-storing; and round the south-west jroom is a broad bench of rock, four feet high, hewn out for who shall say what mourner or visitor to die royal . tomb. Some: think that the royal attendants were laud'here after death, ready to serve with dish and goblet, sword and javelin, harp and lute, son lie monarch if he should call them, • • But the pit and the masking wall were hot thejmly means the wily • Egyptians took to dead monarch. No jealous _ a siege ever so built up his ie wall .near which,the ••sarcops again only, a veil; it had an "forming! the central rib of a that led • down "into outer more than fifteen hundred and fifty _ ,fither it led and what was die obte'fconcealment we cannot at this period of time even guess. Did these pyramid builders really believe that all this scooping and tunnelling would in time lead them by a secret and covered way to Hades ? In some of the rooms, the hieroglyphics are still unfinished; the figures are red-fined and corrected in black either by the artist himself or his superior, and still remain waiting for the relievo-cutter's chisel. The king must have died and wanted his tomb before it could be got ready for him, 60 the red living men were -turned out, and death came in ana took possession. I own, though no sentimentalist or inventor of causes for grief, that I could not help pitying the proud man who, after all, never got his death-chamber finished, but was walled up, hugger-mugger, anyhow, some great contractor of those days smiling at the false priest as he hid the slovenly job from the truth-telling daylight. A thousand yeare or so later, and the trick was discovered; but the rascals had fled, and had lain down, let us hope in turn, in their own unfinished tomb, and shuffled off the responsibility. I sometimes found myself moralising, too, over the evidently greater carelessness and baste with which (true to human nature) the inner chambers were adorned. The outer passages begin all line and level, red feet, green water plants, blue ploughs, and so on; further in, tne workmen, tired,-restless, or careless, launch out into coarser figures; rooms full of-red men in white tunics holding that bears the mummy-case; blue gods crowned with symbolical feathers; enormous is thirty yards long; genii with monster i, all dashed in with a very free and indifferent hand. It looks very much as if the artists of the time had, like modern upholsterers, tried to get their contract work done as soon as possible, and with no very vigilant conscientious eye to watch them. " Would to Amus!"—the Lord of the Sun —no doubt they said in those days, like any other tired mechanics—"and by Tharah"— the god of Memphis who fashioned the world upon his forming-wheel—"would that this accursed king's tomb were finished, and we were once more up, safe, all day basking in the sunshine! TV by should a dead king bury us with his forgotten mummy? Accursed then be these Nile geese, and doubly accursed these big snakes and these funeral boats!" There is one thing very repulsive in Egyptian tombs and temples generally. There is 6uch a sickening recurrence of exulting cruelty, such lopping and binding, such flocks of haltered prisoners tied to chariots; there are such tons of human ears and hands; such slicing of heads, such brandishing of swords like crumb-brushes, and of falchions like fish-slices. Pride and cruelty reign triumphant over these places. These kings surely forgot that they were mere paid upper servants of the nation, bound for certain wages —trinkets, guards, and guilt houses—under heavy penalties to discbarge certain duties, and originally chosen by the voice of the great majority. By-and-by they usurped God's place, fancied themselves divinely gifted with incompetence, claimed priestly power so as to at once enslave mind as w<"!l n* \joiy, w.A built such vain t:omb".<2,s these wherein "to hide decay. Ami -now it, comes to this, that the is n dry river-bed of loose stone, and thn jackal feeds her young in its recesses. Here my reveries were disturbed by a tremendous crackling blaze suddenly springing up from a fire of dry palm-boughs, set alight by the guide, and contradicting all I had said. The bright yellow flame, chasing the darkness, flashed up to the roof. On all sides, colored figures moved and marched; men towing with snake-ropes, genii, jackal, and ape-headed judges of the dead; especially the funeral boats passing over novitiatory and metaphorical cataracts, were visible. The ceiling, too, was alive with huge figures of goddesses, whose heads were on this side of the room, and their legs, thirty feet long,- were on the opposite side of the wall, so that, bracket-like, they embraced all between and beneath them. For endless centuries that divine bracket had straddled over the alabaster sarcophagus of King Seti. For a moment the faces of Badger and tbe guide Ehone out white and dark like good and evil genii. In an instant the flames had died into red sparks, and all was again darkness. The vultures, the lutes, the papyri, the ploughs, the bread-cakes, the geese, had disappeared; the great negro hand of night had come and sponged out the great colored picturebook. With this tomb I will couple Brace's tomb —or the Harper's tomb, as it is called—because it is more domestic and sociable, and less mysterious, awful, and hieratic. The rooms are mere small furnished sitting-rooms, and their subjects refer more to ordinary life and every-day events. It is a reign or two later than that of Belzoni. It was defaced during the reign of the Ptolemys, for these tombs were even then show-places, and tbe granite sarcophagus was removed some years since. The giant's coffin is no longer here to excite the imagination, or to dream of in future Nilotic nightmares. The chief features of this tomb of Ramesis the Third (date 1219 B.C.) are the little side bins, or chambers, which line either side of tbe entrance passage. Each of these contains a mummy pit, in which once rested the body of some chief servant of the dead Pharaoh. His chief cook, his head butler, his head baker, bis steward, harper, priest, armourbearer, boat- superintendent, former, ready at his call. They lie right and left of the passage, each in his separate stall, surrounded by picture emblems of their different professions and trades rudely painted on the wall. We see from these, how the head Pharaoh ate, drank, and dressed. It seems childish to lie down in the grave surrounded by such shadows. That we brought nothing into this world and can carry nothing out of it seems to have been forgotten by these worshippers of Amoun-Rehund; yet it was, perhaps, some comfort to weak man to feel that he would even in death be surrounded by semblances of his life's delights. Be it as it may, the boatman's vault has its Bquare-cbequerea sails and little paddles, its cabins and banks of oars; the armourer his brackets of bows, swords, arrows, and javelins, his coats of mail, his embossed or gilded helmets, his arms of guilt and steel. The cooks slay oxen and dismember them,boil joints in cal drons, mince meat, knead bread with their feet and hands, draw off liquids in syphons, carry :unleavened cakes to tbe oven. The husbandman carries geese, drives oxen, watches the Nile rise, reaps the JDoora, for the lotosflowers for the festival. Another, room is stored with die semblance of furniture and wearables, of wine-coolers resembling sarcophagi, sofas, chairs, vases, striped linens, and leopard- skins. .Another room is piled with the .still more fallacious semblance of geese, quails, eggs, pomegranates, grapes, nuts, &c.; and in the last room I entered were two blind minstrels, playing before some deity— Moni or Hercules, I believe the antiquarians say—on harps, whose bases are shaped into female heads. There they play on, those harpers, nor does wire or string fail after these three thousand years of harping to deaf ears. There, like treasure transformed by magic—that pictured wealth of the dead—Pharaoh remains: no human hand can lift down those javelins; no sword wrench up.those sarcophagi; no human fingers draw those swords. Slowly, slowly, time with gentle erasure fades them away, and restores the blanched rock to its old barbarity. Badger, who has done nothing but utter "Oh," "Ah!" and such interactions, and declare everything is quite Egvtian, as it indeed well may be—for what else could it be ? —here gets so mutinous on the subject of lunch, that I proposed an adjournment to the month ot the tomb, there to discuss supplies. Badger thereupon proposes that the guide meantime, be presented with a chicken and a pipe, " to make it all right and straightforward, you know, and to have no grumbling with these sort of cads." We seat ourselves on sacrificial stones within the black shade of the tomb doorway, where so long ago the perfumed mummy passed in, to the clash of the sistra and the clang of cymbals. A stone lying between us serves for a table. .We plunder the saddle-bags, we unswathe rolls'of varnished chicken, we draw forth salt and steel, we gurgle out brown frothing stout, we lie down on our plaids like Arab sheikhs, we devour with thankfulness. The guide, with true Moslem courtesy, hides himself, in a retired place, with Ins chicken and pipe. We drink the memory of all the Pharaohs in solemn silence. I am in a tranquil half doze, lulled by the intense outer beat, when suddenly Badger leaps to his feet as if be bad seen a ghost. -1 at first really thought he had seen the ghost of the dead Rameses sliding through the sunshine. It was only a jackal. These creatures in' fest rocky valleys and rocky tombs. I caught one glimpse of his quick, light run. " Oh!" sighed Badger, " that I had brought my breech-loader." I had again drawn back into my doze, when a remark of Badger's again aroused me, and I looked up. There were three old Arabs seated cross-legged before us. It needed but a glance to show that they , were itinerate marine storesellers (or curiosity sellers) who had dodged us hither, and marked us down as victims. Before one, lay the two black hands of a mummy; before another, some blue porcelain vultures' wings, once worn as neck ornaments ; before the third, a toy-dog of painted wood, and a triangular tartlet of petrified bread. " Antique! Good antique !" said the three Arabs. " Sloosh onx" (I do not want), I said to the first. " To the second: " Ma in fash" (No use). And to the third, the exorcising word, '^egieban'' (Humbug). ' InstBrf.1/ they shrank away ^ Radical had slunk from us. O'.'Vflison and gold sunset clothed the Memmon when we spde past, but the imbecile old monarch had heard how I had treated his people, and would not deign me one. syllable. 