. . LYING. (From tho Saturday Review.) IN the appendix to bis. Apologia Dr. Newman says :-? If I had my own Way I would oblige society' that ii. its great men, its lawyers its divines, its literature -publicly to acknowledge as suohthose iosCauoea of un- truths whioh are not lier, as, for instance untruths in war, and then there would be no danger in them to the individual Catholic; Tor he would be acting under a rule. Considering the treatment which Koman Catholics have received from the common run of Protestant writers, an J especially the attacks to which they t have been exposed on aocount of the speculations of their casuistical divines, this is à perfectly' fair ch Henge, and we now propose to offer a ! few . ob ! aerations on' the subject.,:, , ', " , In the first p'aco, to;' repeat a statement made more than once in thesercoIumns, it is both unfair , and ignorant to tax Roman Catholics" in general,; oir; any ( particular body pt Komín Catbolios^; snob for instance as the Jesuits-with; .rhóral ! dis- honesty merely on scoount of the opinions , main- tained by some pf their casuists as. to. the lawful^ ness of ' lying OH particular - 'occasion and .in extreme, cases. Once admit that' human .actions can be made the subject of systematic speculation -that rbad actions'can bo classified as mortal '. and venial sin's, and that a gre a'er or, less 1 amountL pf , penance is to bj inflicted'in respect of them flo,' cording to the c'ass into which they lfall- and the mo-alist can ho more escape from refinements thdn'tbe lawyer. It was pointed, out in an article' . ' on ! Pascal's'' . Trovirictal ,Lèïters 'published I some. yearB .ago in'this journal that all .the il'ustrations giveri'by Pascal1 of the immorality of the'Jesuits' might be parralleled by «ases taken from English law books.' ' Direct thé' mind exclusively to exceptional illustrations, ohosea for the purpose of showing the precise meaning of exact'rules, and any scieooi may be made ?' tb look morbid: ,Low will- appear to be composed of-artful 'contri- vances for enabling "people to'approach as 'near -as"! possible'the fraud and crime ; political economy will appear as hârd-hedrted, bold-bloódód fatalism ; medioina'will lead yöu'to think that ' there is ¿ó snob thing-.as 'health in the world j and moral speculations will seem as if they were! intended tb enable people to have all the pleasures"1 of sin; without'its guilt.'' ' : i ¡: It would seem, theféfore¿ that Dr; Newman bas*1 a perfect right to say what he has said on behalf of the Hornau .Çathulic oasuista^ and that tberpas sages which are read to 'crowded audiences in Exeter lioll amidst shuddering applause are in reîlity perfectly innocent, whether or not they are to be'* regarded as true. Dr. Newman has' quoted somoi para'Iel: passages '? from Protestant writers-namely,:Jbremy Taylor, Miltori, Paley, Dr; Johnson,.end Bishop Butler; The first four are much to the purpose. '' The- extract from Butler is considerably less pointed; and appears to refer rather to the difficulty of conveying a true impression in certain cases than to the lawfulness* of designedly conveying a false One." It may be interesting', and will furnish something like tin answer to part at least of Dr. New'môb'è ohsllcngëi' tó add a little' to this list. There is'-a' most're- markable chapter on the snbjeot, called ??'Of Truth opposite to the .letter," in the second volume of Hey's Lectures on Me Thirty Nine Articles. 'He is treating of subscriptions to arti- ' deb,' and he says, .'Time, pr that ohañge of "cir^ cumstnnces which usually attenda nt, may take- away:1 the first meaning of a set bf words and give them a new meaning.';r i Thus; " I will soy" so rainy misses for the soul of'Henry Vf.-' moy come to mean " I will perform the religious duti'és; required of me by 'those who: have au hbrity."' " I will commonly wear o gown with a standing collar, in my .journeys a priest's cloak; without 'gards, welts, long, buttons, or' cutB'/^-this may como to mean " I will observe1 a deoancy in dress suitable to my profession." " I will . preach at Paul's Oroés":may.: mean' I will -endeavour to. propagate true religion." If Roman- Catholics, haying got possession of a Protestant foundation, interpreted " I renounce and abjure the Pope" to mean " I concede to'the Pope all authority which lawfully belongs to.him, be. that what it ~raBy,"'orr if they interpreted I promiso to read the Church of England service in chapel: twice a 1 day" to' mean " t will celebrate mass twicè a day/- every one would cry out on their diahonesiy ; yet this would be strictly analogous to Hej's instances ; and his1 work is one of great authori'y, being still used'as a text-book by some of the-BishopS of tWchurch of England:* "PaleyV'views on tbO" subject are well known, and were till'very-lately' part of the authorized te aching of the Univér3Íty of Cambridge. AB Dr. . Newman has quoted thom, we need not here refer: ,to¡ them further. ? Grotius ; has 'an elaborate- chapter. qn¡ the subject (Book iii.-ch.' i.), filled with moro. uti lesa' refined ¡ disttno'.ions.. He. i divides"' deceit (dolvs) into deceit by(negative , ac's'andby ' pos ,tive acts. Negative'decei', or, dissimalatiorl, consists in concealing "the- truth, especially : by statements so par'ial äs to be misleading-as when Abraham called tarah ¡ his >., sister.' He Ï says, " Cicero admitB 1 that thia is altogether i icovitable ; "and necessary, espeoiallyi in; thorgovernora .of States.",-, Positivo deceit is either by acts, which ? is ! simulation, or bywords,- which is: falsehood.' 'Yon t may go fort her .in .deceiving by ac ts than by "Words ; for as to the méaning of- words there is a ! , defiiitesrgoritral i understanding, but: aa ,to: ¡acts -flvvith: the exceptioniof a very fèw conventional, signs, .like shaking i the' headi for " No'J) there is nono J' "We may> therefore,: use these .things (i. «? significant actions), althbmh we mayJoresee) that, others! will draw,n tfalso conclusion from them/' This<-however, is subject, , to the proviso that no harmj'or : none but a- lawfUL harm, ) follows.tcHe refers tOiChHstjiwbo whonjhe.came with ;thev dis* 'oip'esi toi/limmauâ, .Umatlejas it ¡he', would go further,"? and 'tolthoiJstratagem OfrJoshun before; ]áif asitb which hebbserves ol {.si3t»-ioita} ', ' Thoiii'jürjowhlobífblla<ra'dw(u'Joit by ;tho laver of wart ,£ight itself has no express conventional meaning, though.. Jhe enemy may lake H a» » alga ot' fear, This the other aide ii not bound to. go»r4 airainat,,. using hit liberty of going thi« way or ibat, nore or leia quickly, and with' such and »nch dress or gestures - ' -! rj As tp deceit by express words, Grotius appears fo the first place,io juaify equivocation,^ Ko say that, wherever there is a lie, words are used in a sane« really difieren', or meant to be different, ^rom the conception in the mind. - " Hence, if a word adroits of several senses. . . then, if the conception of the mind agrees with any one of those senses, no lie is told, even if it is supposed ?bat the hearer will- receive- it in a wrong sense." He adds, however, with something, like a twinge, that this use of wordsja not lightly to be aproved, though it may, be justified by.circumstances ; '' as if the object is to teach a person ; under our care, br tb avoid an unjust 'question." On the other band,' equivocation may be wicked, " if the'honour bf God, or love due to our neighbours, or rever enee to superiors, or the nature of the ease requires that the thoughts of.the .mind, should be altogether jaid open." _ If the name bf " lié" is to1,' be res- tricted to falsehoods opposed to natural ' morality). poi on'y must the Sense conveyed be incpable of being' understood truly,1 but friere must, bs'" a. Repugnancy to ari existing ' and abid rig , right, relative and cognate too the"business of thef,party addressed.'' On this principleliejustifieB liés 'to children' and madmenj and also statements' which are meant to deceive, " and which undeceive,' ^o, bystander,who volunteers rb'listen.' .' He glyn's, an', pod illustration ój? tbíé '' ¡, ',' To this head Chrysostom and Jerome referred the speech' of Pani in whioh at Antioch be blamed Peter for over Judeising. .They say that Piter understood well that he was not serióos, and- that.Paul spoke with a .view to the infirmity .of the. .bystanders. Interim vero, ooniultum, inflrmitáti adstantiuia. ' - A third kind of justifiable falsehood is where we may présume a taqit^oonfent to be deceived on.thé part of tWper.80n. déq'éivpdl ', This is the"ground on which falsehoods may'be told to sick people, and he adds that, in the b'Utle,. false news may be invented to encourage soldiers. This' comes very near to,«' Populas vult deoipi decipiatur'.^ 'Ä fourth case is- ,.' [ j Where'one who has a sovereign right (jut iupireminem) over all the rights of another uses that, right either for bis ' own or for the publia good. -This appears to have been the prlnoipal. thing in Plato's mind when he permitted falsehood to rulers. -, . , . :.i The exception to this rule is very remarkable : Plato,'however, rightly admits- that falsehood , is not suitable for God, though he has snpreme right over men, beoaUBe.it is a mark of weakness to have recourse to suoh things.1 , ¡:? '. ; - - - , i The fifth case is where the life of an ^innocent person, or something of equal importance, cannot be otherwise preserved, or where another cannot be otherwise diverted from a great crime. . Lastly,7 there is the case of lying to a public enemy. ; ! Puffendorf (Book iv. cháp/ii ss. 9-21) discusses , the same point. ' Hé agrees with'Grotius in treat- ing the :'crimiriàli ty of . lying as a question of private right. A1 falsehood ia not blameable unless somó right is violated/ but1 he' thinks that Grotius pjoés too far in favour of equivocation. In other respeotsshe agrées With him,1 as'with' régard to infants and madmen, and as (o lies which I Either save and' protest innocence, appease rage, assuage grief, or nrooare any benefit or convenience to others whian wou'd not have bien obtained by open and direct exprès-, "ions. . .-'.'.'.' rTliis, is a most sweeping exception. So,'with regard to rule's, he. observes : " . I J The governors of States' rijay sometimes,'too,very lawfully, use. a manner of speaking not striotly tr'üé ¡ inasmuob as their counsels and resolutions, if divulged, frequently come :to nothing, or perhaps tara to the prejudice of the common, wealth..,, t.. , ;.. ,-. . nil:!.-a.:/.'; . \ As to the case of enemies, he' agrees with Grotius,; tbut in-some points he goes ; far beypnd him. He 'distinctly says, not,only, that a person accused of. crime maj lie to save himself, but that the judge .may lie to convict, and tho advocate-if .nominated, by the prisoner and not by the Court-to rescuo him. As to the prisoner Puffendprf is,speaking not of a mero formal plea of Not Gniliy, but of .the invention of a false story :- . r, -, . ;:.r::A ? i As none hot a fool will deny manifest faults, so' - , - . . it seems allowable for a man to wipe off aa Imputation by a falsehood. As to the'advocate , ? . ' ,r j Hé whom the prisoner particularly choosolh and retains to plead tn bis behalf,'since he only nots as'his1 olient'a interpreter, may in oar Judgment- lawfully ase the same method of defence whioh the prisoner might haye/used had hë answered for himself. . :.¡<-t¡. . 'A little further on he explains what sort of lies the advocate may tell : ?" j sinos the judge Is supposed fully to understand the law' the advooate, by producing' fnUe laws and false author i ties ; ia not,likely to prevail to any, p'nrpose He ts never credited ' oft his baje abortion, but obliged to produoe suffloleht proof and, therefore, if- a guilty person do by this means some- times esoape pnnisbment the fault is not toibe charged on, the advooate or on the prisoner .bat on tho Judea, .who had not the wisdom .to distinguish between right and.wrong. According tp_this, it would be right in,an advócate to get, say, an, A ct of Parliament incorrectly printed to serve a purpose, and to hand" the forged, copy to the judge, as true, The judge's rights are quite as extensive:-. » % ,. ! A judge hath power and liberty to get oat the troth by any possible means, in csse the foot ba of - sash oonacquenoo , that the safety, of the publie absolutely'requires that* I', fchonld be punished. And therefore he'cannot be taxed with lying if, to bring the party to a confession, he makes UBB of some stratagem of Motion, as suppose by pretending,that be hath reoeived full information Borne other way. . , According to this theory, a criminal trial Would bo a regular lying match., ( , : Bentham has not, so far as we know, handled . the subject of lying systematically,, or at length. He seldom dealt with moral speonla'ions, except : ty i th a directly practical object in view, l'hereis, however, a passage in the Rationale of Judicial Evidence (Book i. chap. xi. vol. p. 867 of his works), in »-hieb he discussos the qaes'ion to eome ¡ degree. . Ho. a'lows falsehoods to avoid misoliief-tho case of misdirecting a murderer ; (2) \- fklaeboods pf humanity- the case of, physicians ; (s) falsehoods of urbanity-an exaggerated ; o am . . pliment. In these oases, or at loatt in the first two, ho says falsehood is a duty. In other ; cases it may be allowable, as in all those in which the, person addressed has-no right to know tho truth. , This would embrace most pf the cases discussed by Grotius and Puffendorf. Bentham, ?however, . points out one consideration which' escaped them,. and which is of the highest possible, importance ia , reference to tbis matter.. He says :- - ... ' Granting thayVeie probity, or ¡ the djity of 'ono min to, , . another,, alone to be attended to, a liberty thns ample might and .would bo allowed ; the latitude will ne found to receive very considerable limitations when those oo'nsiderátións are attended to'wbieb'obnoern à matt's /self-regarding, interest) , , andi belong to the head of prudoDoe. So dishonourable. , and pernicious to , a man is the reputation, of habitual or frequent faliity' [lib should have added BO fatal i's the habit ' to his own peace of mind and Belf-respeot;]'so" honourable) and ao valuable to him that of never having violated''truth',. ? that without the least prejudice to any ->tuer, individual by ; , even a eingje departure from verooity, it.may happen to,«< saan todoirremediable muoblof io himself-.' ' ,' éspeoíojly, wo should add, to his o wn mental con- stitution, by making a, précèdent' which "he".Cinnot be sure of applying correctly . on.'subsequent, occasions, and.under unknown temptations. l0 [ ! In a short note, fin .another',, parf, off" the. samo, volume,,Bentham sums up his theory in Jabgûage >so characteristic .pf his* latqr. rnajiàeTpt^|v.weA pian f not rèaistjthe/tempiniipn.of' a.uçtin]g'i't,,itaiics' and, ? .all. piteas.» meaning; 5-7. ,j Mj - r ,f ;. v .O -, i : Neither-fattha sbapp pf vivacity jnqr {aany other, shay«, . Í^KfifiZ "'FsVlrtN ?i".'P?: "^«fiíafíty( nor« in any., q£b">r. ^ shape ric«-hiing of »nv importance bnt »iib referents to Mtf/f/y, Ui vnirrrial oiilit«-Jet-/ai# hoot, as io tba rvs pases »bore mentioned, ¡be pecaaaarr. ( to the prereutioo of mM4e! falsehood, instead of fr pi», beooraea » <f»'i/, Put. upon examination, not inconsiderable Would tba ground' be I ero to been which, white In'reapeot of probity- i,'4< rt gvifyr athtrn rioty .Uwarde «fir ry--departure from tie line of truth maj ba matter of indifference, ret by the ml» of prudence - i. *.' by telf-rigard-it would aeem 'to < he rlgoronaly prosoribed. .. Bentham's li'e and writ'nga show hoir scrupulona and ¿eusitive moral sentiments'may be, even wheo they ère placed in the clearest light and stripped pf all mystery: He set his'face against falsehood far more severely than men whose ' theories of morality were far moré'showy. In fact, he carried h;s objections to it in practice'so far that he de- nounced the two Universities, and especially Oxford j as''schools of perjury," and used to'de- clare that his awn Amoral character ¡had received permanent injury froirr the subscriptions which he rnade SB an: undergraduate. 'His works are1 full bf denunciations of the wickedness of what most people would censider as the most 'innocent form bf falsehood-legai.'.£ction«. "'. Nay, as Mi-. Mill tells us, TOÔral indignation against a légal Action which' he met with in-practice-the custom of, making a client pay for three'attendances in the. office of a Mas ery in Cbaticery when only ' one was given- was thé first thing that '' " gave 'that | shook to his mind' the recoil ' of. which has ' made. the Whole mountain bf abuse totter.!': ¡ : Thus far wa have tried toanswer* Dr. New-1 mans question rasto.thè opinions of eminent lay writers on the subject of troth1 and fa'sehdöd, and . it winVprbbably tie admitted: that the authorises ' cited go at ¡east arfaras the 'common run of Roman Catho!io casuists.' In order to go a-little further irito his question, let us, in the first place, try to understand its scope. .. He has been dvrellingtonthe theories'usually accepted amongst Roman CatholicR on the subject of falsehood, and he concludes" by saying that the most approved theories on the subject leave' them a certain latitude, within which they find no guidance from the authorities to whom they are accustomed to look. It is settled, that in some' oases a lie is justifiable, but there is no accurate .list of these cases. . Sucli.questions Dr. Newman tells uf/no doubt correctly, are left by, the. Roman Catholic ^heory to the consciences of individuals. It is in order to aid their consciences' that he asks the Question quoted above-What do ' you; the Jay world, think of the matter ? In what inscanoes, with your standard4and from Jyour own ! pi int' of view, do you sanction- wilfal untruth ? ' If we knew what the conventional view of the subject was, it would be a Kelp to, tis; vakat quantum, la auch an emergency, and would so far- assist end deliver us from that bias which every one must fear when he is a judge in his. own case. ? This question is, by ¡ts term, a question as to a matter of fact. What, lies' does conventional morality sanction ? No 1 one supposes that the standard will be a high one;''compared'with' thatef à systematic moralist of any ; sor t-a theologian. Protestant or Catholic, a systematic writer on ethics or jurisprudence-or even thé standard' set up by the individual . conscience ,of a man sincerely desirous to do what appears to him the will of God.; but though the, standard may be a low. one. it is'real. Its existence, -is a fact like another, and a . faat well wqrth'.'nàticing and . bearing .in', mind. Whether there is' any, and if so what, theory by whiari,the standard,"which ao'ually exists may be justified!'is altogether another matter. - To come, then,' to the'^matter of. fact..- Society-t'.e, the common''.sentiment of. odncWed laymen in ; our own time and country-would certain'y not blame1 LieW told under ,', any' of those pressures wbicfrthe theologians quoted, by, Dr. Newman consider as raising doubtful cases. Casuistica' writers may discuss the question .whether a .women might.law- fully misdirect a" murderer in search. of her husband ; but if she d d, nb one would in praoticè think theworse of her.' .It is impossible to say how, far ^ tb ia goes,', for two reasons. In the first place,-" the 5 average sentiment of mankinu Jsnpt determinedi'^by,fixed,"rules;, and ' in tho second place, it is'mbs,'. difficult' to .distinguish 'between the: sentiment' which justifies and that which at once excuses.'.'.and' sympathizes ' with an action.! Whéré'ikere ii nö .practicalreason for drawing the line accurately between the two sentiments,' . it ia scarcely possibler to say, which, is ' which',, Who 'thinks thé'worse .of a detective for disguising him self,''ánd.ásBÜminga false name'a'nd' ohara'cter, in order, 'to. arrest 'a criminal Î ."'PeThaps' the very strongest case of lying'which any part of edcie'y would, justify is¡ tbát'ofa pian'who is'aiked upon oati),'in a court pf law, wheiherhe has been upon terms" of 'improper . intimacy : 'With- a woman? Many.men pf. linaoùSted honour'will maiptain tba*, in sucli a» case it. U a^manVduty to take upon himself théVshumé and, guilt end risk of perjury rather.fhan betray,the confidence, criminal as . it was, wKioh baa been reposed in him. . f?o common ¡sj flits, opinión;'(we' aré' nöt"say.«ng that it is a sound opinion): that the denial upon'oath of such an imputation would carry hardly any weight with à judgfe or 'jury; however high might be' the character, of : the parson who made Asto what would, be .called conventional'falsehoods, such as ; the;' practice of, saying " I have' an engagement ' already " '' when ' you mean "I wish to reluse your invitation civilly," or, " Not at home" for " Madame n'est pas visible" (afar better phrasé), society attaches to them no guilt at all. The same may'be said of taking such:oaths as used .to be'exacted.'at tho' Universi- ties, such as tho oath to koop statutes which reqiitred you to speak nothing but Latin. Bentham himself admitted that'fellows and scholars pf tho Cóllegés-at Oxford and Cambridge were perfectly trustworthy in all'common'¿'ffaírs;' thongh te con- tended that all of them were perjured, It thus appears' that the1 common undefined senfitnent bf English society'is milch more lax.iii the,matter of tru. h ood falsehood than the rales of ' the casuists who have got suoh .a bad name, " arid, wo should add, it,is far more, lax than the rules which individual conscience would impose on any high! minded rrian.V Nor is thia a fair subject, for complaint.- ^Society 'takes, and ought to take, yery.'.rn'uch the.samé kind of line in these^matters ? aa'that'which,1 accpifding:"to.Djv Newman¿is' token by thoRomanrOatuolic Church.'1 It oonsiders; iliac tte qu'estiun is oho' on which the individu il cPnSpierico iath'e'.; prppbr 'judge, and that, if the oasis is such that the course actually, taken may hove boen.taken*io good faith, the-person . taking it ought to have the benefit of the doubt. : < The ' presumption must- be>that he hits'/ in .fáetj. acted ' coiiscietitibusiy, if'any0 reasonable theory''o'an'' be Suggested whioh'his conscience muy haye accepted and acted on. If he neted against, tho dictates of ,' hia^readon and conscience, and merely gave way to tomptatibn, and if this appeared from circum- stances, society would notrocqnit bim. y , ' It appears to, result from.-all th's that neither f ho.writings of jur¡HtB,.nor,tho.standard, of conven- tional morality,,are like!yrto do rnuoh to. help Dr. Newman.in the extremely'improbable baso'of his 1 being placed in .one of the difficult posi-.ions to . ' which he refers. . He wonld havo to act on his pwri judgmcn",'willoh np doubt would befar more severe* .than '1 either ' of ' tho standards in ques:ion; but this follows from tho nature of a' rule, morale or legal. . A rule is a barrier against .f i . .**;.»'..- «-* .1« v ? ' - . evil, nov t guide ptat' iowirdj jgobo, Tb» law fa qnr schoolmaster lo. put u^Ui' the way towards honesty, but it will never tn»k« ua^honeat'men," * . Cur. pyra opinion brj the' questions snooted by tba great writer» referred to shore ii that specu- lation ¡a reality-decides nothing except the cen sladen fy bf certain partiuular rules) with, certain., general principles. Grotius, for instance, proves (supposing th&t; he argues correctly) that, if the obligation to tell tbe truth be measured by respect ' for the existing rights of others in regard to the «ulject of disco-arse, there! are manyi kinda of discourse to which that obligation does not extend. Bentham: proves that, if a , tendency to produce the maximum of3 happiness ik the test of he morality of en action, it is in some "eases a duty to tell a falsehood, and: that in other cases it; is per- " missible as against other persons to do so, though a breach of duty as regards oneself-an opinion which, though drily and ungraciously expressed - appears to us to come much nearer to a satis- factory solution than tbe theories: of Grotius and Podendorf. But- quia custodias custodes ! Does either Grotius, pr Bentham, or any other writer .whatever, . exhaust the subject of morality ? Dr. Newman him-; j self says that amongst the Roman*Catholic them» selves there is co theory of morals which possesses . dogmatio authority... The~útmost that even the I Pope' says for ? Liguori, who is a canonised saint» and whose moral works have boen formerly apr proved,.is that these, works are " free from any;' theological censure' -that is,~ they are harmless - I speculations, bot still mere spectilatioris',-which may be received or not. Perhaps the existing state of knowledge on the subject might be summed upi* ' a few such propositions as the following : 1\. Knowingly to. deceive 'anb'her is, in the vast niajoriy of oases, and under almost all circum- stance», wicked, according (o alt recognised theo* ries of morality. 1 ( ' . X. There are, however, classes of casés in which the practice of wifuldeoeit tends to produce more pleasure than pain. - . i ; 5; There are other classes of oases in whi^h the practice of wilful deceit' violates no right pos»', sessed by the person deceived. _ , . , ; , '.-.'" , "il Iii these last-mentioned cases, ike person de- ceiving has always a Btroog interest ( he, mainten- ance.of self-respect and the enforcement of self-' ' discipline) in tol ing he truth. No rule has been laid down as to. the cases in whioh .a mah'who re- ' gards his own moral goodness i and beauty of . character as one bf the principal objecta 'of his lifo . (t. e: in which a -good man);would^ prefer these ; io!orests to self regarding interests'of, other kinds. I he general,result of the wh JIO, is that, except '?' for practical/purpose?, no. rulo can be laid down: about extreme cases ; and that/ where there is k praotical purpose-as, for instance, in the case of the regulation of -conf/ésBionalsA-the< ru'e must ba tb a considerable el tent' arbitrary and buDjeotural, depending on the private1 opinion of the author of the priest's manual upon very doubtful questions. This conclusion, as far as it goes, appears to justify, the Protestant disinclination to dogmatise upon the subject, though it certainly docs not justiiy the common-we might say the, vulgar-notion bf Roman Catholic oasuiats. ' ,. " ? ! , : Milton's " Paradise Lost,* translated, jato Frenoh by. Chateaubriand, with a biographical memoir by De Lamar-,.-. Uno, haslast been published ut Paris. In quarto, illustrated: , with 25 line engravings upjn steel. ' , ' JERVSALKU-I have now.been, a week at Jerusalem, going, the round of 1 the^ Bights,; some of - absorbing? 1 interest, others of revolting absurdity. ? Ibo first was al . : course, tho Holy Sepulohre ! then King David's tomb, tho : Mount of OliveB ond he Chapel of the Ascension, Goths-y mane, the village ot Emmaus, and finally Bethelem. The- - are oil too well kaown from books for rae to attempt desorips . tion. . It was far ftbm my purposo in writing about thol , ' country to tr^td feebly in the footsteps of tho many, learaedb , authors on it,|but morely to give my impression of i's pre* - , sent state as apart of the Turkish empire. I cannot, how- ever, pats over Jerusalem without saying how, painful lb, ' was to me to listen to,tho desecrating tales of guides at th» ' soared shrines. Tho Ohuroh of the Holy Sepulohre is neoes- > : airily of surpassing interest ;, bat tho doubt of tho identity . of the tomb-thetlightof steps leading from it to Calvary,. ; vrhioh is also in the ohuroh, and the. monkish triviality with; 1 vrhioh every detail is pointed out-the sookets of the threat ' i orossos-tho rook riven by , the earthquake during tho, . ; crucifixion- tho! stone on whiuh the Lord's .body was pre-, ?' pared for burial-that on wbioh tho1 Empress Holen sat ''. when she found'tho'truéóross-finishing olf with tho sword! 1 of Godfrey of. Bouillon,: and oil ¿thissoon,under; a guard ot , i Turkish policemen - drive reveronoa from the mind' most > i bent on simply believing that Christ died there. On Easter eve Ítis still worse''I am.told . Tho Greeks and Armenian*. ? assert that firO'dcsoends miraculously from heaven to light. tho lustres and - tapers round the'Holy Sepulchre, as tho altar,' was burnt at the prayer of Elijah io tho first, book of' ;Kings. Strange antics are theo performed - ludicrous were .'. ? thor, not profane People rush? wildly -ahoutlhg' round . ' the, tomb ; and sa mad is the frebzV] oxoiteil,', th&t; pbrtona ' have been even rooontly trampled toTdo&th; in these Bupprati- : tious orgies whon the strugglo to light tapers afctbo holy fitina . is raging, Formerly a w-hi'.e, pigeon, was thrown from tho oupola into tho sanctuary, to rppresciititbe descent of' th» Holy Ghost) but this gross aggravation is' happily,' .now .' disoantinued. And we expW Christianity to be respected . by Mussulmans who witness suoh degrading mummeries for . there are always some Turks in tho ohuroh to guard it,and oil great festivals "there aro largo bodies of soldiers anil, ? pfoliae to tell the talo' of Christian inferiority to the parity of their own form of worship and that of the Jew?. Tho noblo Mosque of Omar Is very difToront in its gonoral effeot.. Ibinreised by iti grave repose., one rejoices to recognise the uindoub ed features of the threshing-floor of Araunab, a. btare rook anadoruod with priestly go »gawa, and precisely in tho samo state in wbioh lt was when. Abraham bonniL Isaao on tho altar he hail erected on it-when Molohixedokr or Sh'm (if they were really the same person) offered broad, and wine to Abraham on it. rooeiving a.tithe of Jiisspail-, when the' engol stood there' to "threaten Jcru<a.' lem with pestilence, and when: David built his af lar on it. , Then this was the oourt of tho Templo of Solomon whose vaulted foundations I visltol, "while,pilgrim Jews from Germany and Poland wept outside; in'all tho simple grief for its fall, at tho Waco of Wailing.... .It is truly a graul monument, eolipsing?, both as a Jewish temple and as a. ; mosque ,, of''.Islam,':,''tho., ' tawdry y finory ot' the, Christian Ohn'roV bf the"' Holy Sepulchre Doe ona. well oomprehond the enthusiasm of Saladin when ho said.1. . as recorded by tho historlan.Emad ed Din, that it was tba ' abode of a prophet, .tho' rp»ting¿p]a'oB,'of saints, the goal oE pilgrimage bf angels, tho futuro soene of the general rosur-. roollon and judgm.nt the spotless and beautiful pavement ¿ whence Mahomet ascended to heaven, and whenoo tho L : llgl toing flibhcdon that night of mvatory,,. illumipaOng; «'very point of the universe.^-.Ra^Mes in Syrian Dcúrlt, s Ul NSE0R4.TIUN 07 IRK EUNEIIIN HYNAOOOÜIS.^-XVB ur. i day bavtug been fixed apon Lt'or the kbovo oeWmçr.j, a ' large number of tho Jewish' congregation assimbled to . witness the oonoeoratlon ; thora'were'likewise'present several of the must influential ,geñtlem^n'¡^[ thid city 1 representing Christian denominations. ßaorily.Bltot 1 .(our o'olooh all pirts of tho building broamo crowded, th's i .ladlee* gallery presenting a very ;gny and; animated I« u'ppcaranoc Tho interior flitlngH,|OÍ.tho, bulli|ii'g aro i" exceedingly abaste. Tba Ark of the Gov «¡naot lise o v<ry . '.imposing effeot os you enter tho Synsgo'fitie ; lt írf' oom. 1 posed cf four Ooiintbiax).Uoraarna.in. white and sold. " Bet,.cen ouch pillar'are'panoels-with gold monldlags; . tbe whole surmounted with a mos^eUborate oarvid urob, ! .tlnfëa_wiib gold. : Ini tbo oentre are plioed jîbîeia, on î if>ieh are inscribed tbs07eu Commandments. Tbooover I' loginjtoiibí tbé'ára'isoomposed.of erlmBon silk velvet, ) 'wUh a very splendid border, elegantly embroidered I witb'gol'd In the centro, boVring the "sbleldbf Davie."*. _ i On' ebon side are Hebrewobarao'era iigniijlog tho'« do-1 1 posllory of the Holy Law." The opproaob to, the ark 1 is by circular stops, imltaliog white and-blank marble, ' ths OÍnire covered with Boostly carpet. Tho beading desk or pnlplt'is plaoed in the centre, and ia one of tbe moak elaborate pieces of workmanship that wa hate keon in' tho province. Like tho ark, lt is painted In pare «bite, " wltb'gold moulding', shoV'surrounded by Blst'Oe'b'pillars painted in'Sienna marble. Tbo ladite'gallery' la patti, oolatly chaste, and supported by eight massive pillar«»,' corresponding with the pulpit ; ; beneath the dwaít 'bul*',' nitrados, whloh aro plaoed at tbe top,'ore mouldings' very elaborately carved and tinted with gold. Tba';, banding ia lighted' by gas, consisting of two snnllgbtnbf fi tty1 j ats eeeh j In fao(¡, the airatigernetits tefl'óV the ; , blghont credlt'on both orohiteatB end bailder-,' the for« mer, Messrp. Mason «nd CUyton, tho Utter Messts, Earn- ' | nerand CMmo. 