\- ' M'Culloch will, no doubtj con-- himself on Lis good- fortune, i having had'to feeeiye the'deputa- r. '< tion on the. transportation1 'question, before the arrival of the English'; aul, , If he, had, .this .xqqrning, .to face V. '-the! representatives of .an angiy- peopley , with their reclamations on that subject, he would no longer shuffle out of his responsibility,- by pleading the inane excuses which served his purpose, on Monday last. He could no longer take rofug-e behind the stale: excuse of the merchant in difficulties, that he ex pected to hear something satisfactory from his correspondents in Eng land ; and he would have had to tell us at once, in lan guage that could not have been misunderstood, whether the Government intended, boldly and magnanimously, to vindicate the rights of an insulted community, or to submit, timidly and basely, to the injustice and con temptuous arrogance of the Colonial office. The Colonial office, indeed! That ghastly and clecrepid institution, — that ogro which watches with evil eye over the cradle of infant n ations, whose despotic tutelage we flattered ourselves that we had outgrown, and which we had almost forgotten, as the grim goblin with which the gossip3 and pedagogues, and even the slat ternly scullions, of our old colonial establishments — the governors and secretaries, and their parasites, of early days — used to terrify our infancy. The colonial office still exists ; and though, like the giant Despair of the old allegory, it has lost the greater part of its destructive power over us, it still wields a club, with which it can menace us with deadly blows ; and if it can do no more, it can turn towards us and glare upon us, with that look which once inspired alarm. It can, jiowever, create tuat ieeung no longer ; but, after all, even this display of tho real temper which reigns in Downing street may be instructive to those young colo nists who know nothing of the old regime, and who, smarting under some of the evils inseparable from a free government, are not grateful enough for our emancipation from the thraldom which enslaved us in former days. These reflections are forced upon us by a recollection of the jubilation that was raised, by some inexporienced journalists, at the retirement of the Duke of Newcastle, and the substi tution of Mr. Card-well for that weak and capricious statesman, in the department of the colonies. But they are not old colonists, still less colo nizers, who indulge in such' day dreams. They nevor crossed the threshold of that don of Cacus, with a grievance. They, never spent weary hours in the " sighing rooms" (as Ciiarles Buller termed them) , those ante- chambers, where des pairing men, . from every quarter of the globe, compare notes of anguish ; nor do they know the feelings with which a Franklin wont hack to America, after receiving his answer from the minister, on this very question (among others) of transporta tion, which was - one of the injuries and insults which . brought about ,the American revolution. "Do you not think "—said a member of a Com mittee of -the House of Commons. to iv/vn jvLiiir y wucu uxamining iiim as a witness — " that the mother coun try has a right to send her convicts to the colonies?" "Yes" — said that great man — "the same right that we have to send you our rattlesnakes,"— a good idea, which might, perhaps sug gest a better kind of retaliation than Mr. Edward Wilson's. But what is it we have really gained by the substitution of one Minister for another— of King Stork, perhaps, for King, Loo— when, as in the Papaoy, the incumbent may die, but the office claims to be eternal. "The King' is dead! Long live the King !" is the proclama tion from tlie denth chamber of royalty ; ana so wun t.uis imperial department, which is governed, like some of ours, by its permanent . head, or by some im mortal clerk possessed, like a ghoule, of the carcase of one question ; where the tradition of despotism is unbroken ; and where Ministers, the mere phan- toms'of power,' succeed'each othor like Banqtjo's ghosts, while the office alone is real and potential. But.' what says Mr. Cardwell ? Why, just what the Duke -of New castle,' or any of his predecessors,, might' have said, when put into: his' mouth by " Mr. Mother- country," ; the permanent Under Secretary, or by that mysterious' personage (it- used to be Mr. Gairdner), in a little back room on the third floor, who " takes charge of the Australian group," and who, in effect, from that garret, speaks in the name, performs the part, and, we fear, not unfrequently abuses the preroga tive, of " her. most gracious Majesty" — " my Royal mistress," as .one colonial Governor used to call her,— but who (Heaven bless her !) knows probably as little of the pedantry and tracasserie carried' on in her name as do the saints in glory. That allusion suggests again what has been often found effectual — not directly perhaps, but indirectly, in .rousing public opinion and sotting all f.Vlft Ttrntnn.flniVfi ftf mimTinliatn linJrlnn. oMvvu-uujjO t#l JUUlliUUfiU and yeljiing at the office— an appeal to jthe Queen, through pe.ers, who can de mand a personal audience. „ But what says Mr. Mother country ? Nothing more nor less than a point- .hlank refusal to concede the prayer of the deputation (of Australian colo nists resident in England) ; except so much of insult as could be added to the reply (no doubt prompted by the official subordinate) in the. shape of a reproof 'to these colonies, for their, ingratitude in not beginning tlioir appeal with thanking the. 'Government for only sending convicts to the colony '(" the one base exception") that asked for them, and for having made soma 'fresh prispn regulations that scarcely touched the , auestion. . Poor Mr. Foster seemea terrified and galled perhaps by some reminiscences1 of- how he i .was tortured '..by deputations, and how he shook-- them off, — apologised- in the name of the. colonists — in our names — but seems to have done nothing to qualify the decision, or to abate the spirit of real 'arrogance and defiance, however veiled, with which .the deputa tion, was received. . Nothing could he more unsatisfactory than the ivhole affair. No prospect was held outjof an early, or. even more diStans.cessation of the. evil; TSveii Mr.'' "M'Arthur's .modest and timid suggestion of " three or even five years," as the term of dura tion for tho system, appears to have been passed over with contemptuous silence. Tho only consolation to us poor- people out here, is that these insults, painful Jas they must lmve been to men of honour or with a spark of pride, were offered not to tho democracy, not to a deputation of working men or " common people," but to the proudest aristocrats and wealthiest magnates of this continent. Well, then; there is something in that, when we recollect that it was not, as Adam Smith has somewhere hinted, until the public men of America had been affronted, and " drew the sword to vin dicate their own importance," that the resistance to the tyranny of the Home Government became real, and that it was by forcing the gentle men of Virginia and the Soutli into rebellion that they provided the people with lenders. Heaven forbid that these colonies shall ever be worried into disaffection, by the perpetuation oi a grievance so odious and so irritating as that we complain of! But we wish to see how those who claim to be our leaders propose to act. "What will our wretched Government dj, to meet the crisis ; . and failing— as fail they will, by the dire necessity, that attends such natures — where are tho men to supersede them ? what is the policy to be propounded to the country ? and what aro the pledges — -if pledges are ever to be demanded — that should be required by constituencies of their represeniRuves i We have our own opinions, ready to be propounded ; but we first require to hear what the Government has to say, if it will not abdicate its functions altogether, satisfied, as its members appear to be, that nothing in the ordi nary course can expel them, before the meeting of Parliament, and comforted with the reflection that they ' are the only criminals who have tho privilege I of determining the time of their own execution. We understand tliat the dates for the general election have at last been fixed by the Governor. For the first batch, which includes the agri cultural and i-nsloral districts, the nominations will be on the 5th, anil the polling on the 19th October ; for tho second, the goldflelds, the nomination will be on the 36th October, and the polling on the 9th November : and for the lost. the towns on the sea-board and their suburbs, the nomination will be on the 10th, and the polling on the.SGIh November. The new Parliament cannot therefore meet for tho des patch of business until after Christmas. Mr Creswiek has announced his intention of contesting South Bourke. A numerously signed requisition, and Mr Crcswlck's reply will be found in our advertising columns. The requisition U MrG. G. Morten, M.L.A., from tho electors of Ripon and Hatnpden, was presented to him on Thursday, "at the Camp hotel, Learmonth. The chair was occupied |by Mr T. Bath, J.P., and Mr M'Intosh acted, as spokesman. The large room of the hotel was crowded with electors, and tho rcpiy of Mr Mot ton gave the utmost satisfaction. The Borough of Tarnagulla is proclaimed In tlie Government Gazette. A few days ago we called attention to the fact that a child named Mary Ann O'Shea had Btrayed away from its home, hoar Tarnagulla, and had not been heard of since. Tho Express of the 11th announces tho finding of tho dead body about a mile and a half in the bmh. The deceased was lying on its bnck and did'not pro- sent the appearance of having undergone much suffering., . The parents are almost distracted at their loss, the poor mother especially, at it was her only child. There was a very good attendance at tho Albion hotel, last night, to witness tho wonder ful performance of Mr Roberts. He played Mr Cox, giving him 600 points, and won by 164, Cox's score at the conclusion of the game stand ing at 836. As usual, the champion played splendidly. This afternoon he will play Air Norclille, and in the evening Mr Lamb, giving lnm 500 points. The bakers of Costlemalne have agreed to re duce the price of bread to a shilling, commenc ing on Monday next. This will, be only two- - pence more than is charged by their Sandhurst' neighbours. j The population of the colony on the 30th J uno last was 588,184 persons, of whom 339,021 were males, and 249,163 females. The Increase .during tlie' .three months — April, May, and Juno — was 7681. Of this number 4074 was the Increase by' excess of immigration over emigra tion ; and 3007. by excess of birlhs.over deaths. By the steamship Coorong, which arrived in the Bay at an early hour this morning, we have our files of South Australian papers to the 10th instant - Sydney newspapers to the 9th /current are to hand. The local news has been anticipated by our telegrams. . . The Geelong Advertiser states -that " Air Ur- quliart has commenced legal proceedings against the Argus for libel, in connection with eqrtain proceedings taken against him under the Scab Act." The ground of action is a leading rirticle in' our contemporary. Damages are laid at L5000. The adjourned half-yearly meeting of the Melbourne and Newcastle Miami Colliery Com pany was held at the offices, yesterday, Captain James Lawrence in tho chair.. The meeting had been twice adjourned in order to give the auditors an opportunity of thoroughly, examin ing the accounts of the company, ami a state ment showing its actual position at the present timo was now laid before the shareholders. From this It appeared that from the. commencement of operations to the 30th June a loss of L551811s 8d had been sustained, which would probably-be iucreoscd by other amounts as .follows : — Liabi lities in Sydney, L1000 ; bad debts in Sydney, L500; depreciation by wear and tear in work ing plant, L2000 ; depreciation In value of steamer Bungaree, LI 000 ; total, L10,018 lis 8d. These latter amounts, however, were only estimates, in making which it was stnted by the chairman the worst possiblo view of the case had been taken. Additional expenses to the amount of nearly L2C00, it was stated, had been incurred since the date in question, but of this L500 had been paid out of the company's receipts. A good deal of conversation took place, and numerous questions wera nsked respecting several Items in thebalanco-shcct. Capt Blatciiford.bollevingtha theeompany could not be carried on, moved that It lie wound up ; but it was pointed out that such a resolution could only be entertained at a meet ing convened especially for the purpose. Mr Spcnce suggested that a committee of share holders should be appointed to examine into the affairs of the company, and, after some fin ther discussion, ,Mr P. Brougham moved tliat Messrs Thompson, Spcnce, Afunroe, A. Brown, and himself he appointed to examine the accounts of the company irom its commencement up to the present date, and that after such examination they suggest some course. for the future carrying on of the company. Mr Ly ttleton seeonded'tiie motion, which was agreed to; .and the meeting was shortly afterwards ndjourncil. for a week, when the committee' will bring up' its repopt. ' ' "VVe take tho accompanying from the AI.-A; Mail : — "A case of excessive and systematic cruelty by n mofficij-.towardsi her children, has just been brought /under the cognisance of the .police. -A widow named; datiierine Lnlwford, "thotinplhfcr'. of flve' cblidran, the eldest oftwh'om; is a glrlN of -fourteen years, hiis been jeildlug fop along timo past at Campbell's Creek, and by ber cruelty towards her chUdron has frequently given her neighbours cause to complain of her conduct, and to sympathise with her helpless family. On Tuesdny she went home, and-with little or no provocation beat tho eldest child in so cruel a manner that it- was found necessary to remove her I o "the hospital, where she now lies inja precarious condition. One of the younger children she also illtrcatcd, although not la so cruel n manner. Sho is now In custody of tho police, charged with assaulting her child with intent to do grievous bodily harm; It is fortu nate there is a law to protect children from savage mothers who are uuablo to distinguish between mild correction and heartless cruelty." Air Fellows, replying to an application by the Borough Council of Cluncs for his opinion relative to the liability ot mining plant to be rated, holds " that all rainiog property and machinery nre liable to be rated, with the ex ception only of that immediately and exclusively used cither in draining the mino or raising tho ore from it to the mouth of tho mine.". Mr Haines, M.L.A., is not a favourite with the Portlnnd Guardian. Referring to the ox- pectcd appearance of the ex-Treasurer in that town on Thursday, the Guardinu is thus sple netic : — " In the nbsenco of any opposition it would serve no good purpose to show how un suitable is Air Haines for the position ho now occupies. His interests and sympathies lie in Aielbourne — and iu nearly all disputed cases in which the interests and feelings of his consti tuents clashed with Melbourne policy, Air Haines was found ranged on the Bide of Mel bourne. Tho disbandment of the volunteers is a case in point. We do not say that Afr Heinos has treated tho Western Ports with as much contumely as Mr Alichie has done, and perhaps that is ono reason why the people oi Portland should imitate Belfast, an 1 bestow political honours in proportion to the opposition previously stated by Walpole — that evefy man has his price, from kicks to crowns. For Iran read Belfast or a Portland constituency — and for price read kicks, opposition, contumely — and then perhaps we can arrive at the cause induc ing a Portland or Belfast constituency to select a Haines or Michie as representative." At tha weekly meeting of tha Executive Committee of theJinmigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, the superintendent made the following return Number of Inmates in the Home, as reported last week, 179 ; admitted, atneo, 88 persons who have received out-door relief, 932 ; total relieved, 499 ; discharged from the homo during the week, 90 ; total at present remain ing; 177. " The four women Norah Donclly, Alica John? ston, Biddy Tlghe, and Sally Fisher, who were arrested upon the information of a little girl named Elizabeth Roberts, on suspicion of hav ing murdered an infant; were brought before tho East ColliHgwood Police Court-yesterday morn- inrr na/f Mmflniletl to +li o PUV sL. _H «.v visas .J VUUI'l, LUtJ Uill'gUU offence having been commuted in Melbourne. The body of tho child 1ms not yet been found, and so far there is very little evidence against tho prisoners, but there are strong reasons for supposing thata most deliberate murder.bas been committed. In tho case' of Pierce v Willlson, tried yes terday in the County Court, the plaintiff, a bailiff, sued the defendant for L10, damngee for an alleged assault. On tho 16th July plaintiff arrested a man named Carmichael, and accom panied him to Wifiison's house, in a right-of- way off Bourke street, where It was ' said the debt would be paid. On reaching Willison's Carmichael went into tho house, and the defen dant tried to shut the door on the plaintiff) at the same time, giving him a black eye, and otherwise ill-using him. The defendant denied that lie had been guilty of any assault, and Dcsldea tnat no was ignorant at tlie time oi Pierce's being (a 'bailiff. Plaintiff, defendant, Carmichael and Pierce afterwards nobblerised together at the Jerusalem coffee house, whilst a cheque was being cashed to pay the debt. Judge Pohlman said that the assault had been proved, and lie thought that tha damages he claimed were not excessive. Verdict for the plaintiff; damages L10, and L3 3s costs. Atr Newton, was for the plaintiff, and Air Bindon for the defen dant; 1 Alany ratepayers of Ballaarat East were dis qualified from voting at tha borough election in consequence of their names not appearing on the roll. The Star says Some indignation was expressed yesterday on the discovery being made that the names of many ratepayers could not be fouud upon, tbo roll for Balloarat East. The indignation was the greater because the persona wnoso names nau ueca omnrea nor ouiy lost their votes at the municipal election,' but seem likely to lose them at the next general par- liamentar) election also. The formeris now beyond remedy; but thero is still time for the Town Clerk to atono for bis carelessness so far as the latter is concerned. Tho burgess roll will not be banded to the electoral registrar until to- morrow, and the-Towu, Clerk has, therefore, time topleco tho omitted names on the roll to-day. This, we trust, lie will do, and so repair the damage as far as it con now be repail-ed." A man named Reid otherwise Aleum, having been convicted of horse stealing at tho sessions of the Beechworth circuit court, the Constitu tion says In )tcn .years' time, or perhaps less, when the prisoner Reid, alias Meum, has fulfilled the sentence awarded to him at the present Beechworth Sessions, ho will form an interesting object for Mr Edward Wilson's liberality. This man was transported in <1835,- wlien only seven years of age, ills sentence being seven years. Consequently he is only thirty- six years old now. He has received two other sentences In the colony -amounting to ten ycors, so that ho has spent half his life in gaol. He is now senieHccd to ten years more, making twenty-Beven years in all." It might not be an unprofitable effort of curiosity for the next Legislative Assembly to inquire into the administration of oaths to Chinese witnesses. There seems to be no rule whatever at present, notwithstanding that Chi- nese coses, civil and criminal, occupy a very largo proportion of the attention of the Courts. The Constitution has the following beariog upon this subject : — " There was another instance yesterday, in the Beechworth Court of Sessions. as to the value of Chinese oaths. A witness named Ah- Sye was examined before being sworn, as to his belief in n future state. He replied that if he told a lie, there would be an end of him, but if he told the truth he would be alive again for an hundred years. His Honour thought that whether such a witness was sworn upon a lighted lucifitr as proposed, or whether he was sworn on a glats of hrandy-and-water, or by cutting off tho head of a tiger, the oath would be quite unsatisfactory." At tho weekly meeting of the managing committee of the . Benevolent Asylum, the Superintendent reported Number of inmates, 369 ; left, 3 ; Admitted, 3 ; refused for want of room, 8. Out-door rolicf in kind has been given to 27 familes. Tho course of lectures in eld of the Orderly room for the St. Eilda Volunteer Artillery will be further continued on Monday evening. ' The Rev Air Gosman will on that occasion deliver a lecture. iii the Town-hail on "The life pf Sir Colin Campbell." The Ballonrot Rifle Corps, aays the Star, " has other grievances— real or imaglned-Ltban those connected' with the memorial for an in quiry Into tho matters, that led to the resigna tion of Major Wallace. We are informed that none of the lieutenants of the corps have been gazetted, and that none of the marksmen's badges have been distributed yet. In respect of the former, wo have some reason to suppose that the non- gazetting of the lieutenants is due to tho unsettled state of tlie affairs of tlie corps just now, as tho names of tho chosen ones have been duly sent to head-quarters by the officer In com mand of the! corps) '.As! to. the badges, that seom9 more difficult of explanation; the more as the Creswiek' company Is said to have received .iv.i.Kr! , its badges, although it is tho junior company of tho'corps." On tho night of the 98th ult., tho schooner Sylph, from Russell, bound to Auckland, cnmc into collision with the steamer Susannah Cutli- bort, on her way to Port Watkato with Govern ment stores. The Now Zealand Herald has the following particulars of the accident : — "The schooner Sylph, Captain G. S. Norris, sailed from Russell for Auckland on Wednesday even ing last, experiencing . thick squally weather from the northward and westward, accompanied by heavy rain. On Thursday night, at 10.15 p.m., whilst off Rangitoto, the wind at the time being about E.S.E., n steamer was seen rapidly approaching them. She was sighted a full half-hour before any collision took place, and Captain Norris ordered tho helm to bo put hard-n-port, which was instantly done. Captain Norris then went into the fore- rigging and hailed the steamer, telling him to pert liii helm, but she appeared to take no notice whatever of tlie signal. Shortly after this the steamer struck the Svlnh with crent force on the starbonrd bow, cutting her down to two planks below tho copper, smashing her bow, and tearing up her deck for several feet. The captain of tho steamer then gave the order 'full speed astern.' Captain Norris, finding that his vessel was rapidly filling, requested the steamer to tow him into some shallow place where lie might ground her and save her irom sinking. The Sylph was then taken in tow, all the crew and passengers pumping and baling all the time to keep her afloat, and it was with great diffi culty that this was done. She was taken into Judge's Bay, and no sooner had she beached there before she filled and 9unk. Had the steamer had much further to tow her, the Sylph must inevitably hnvo sunk in deep water." The" Sylph has since been raised and floated into Alechanics' Bay. Tho great fecundity of the shark is illustrated in the fact conveyed in the following paingriph from the Portland Guardian: — "On the 5th luni&uCj; iuessrs tioscpu Dusting, > ljliaiii Guy and Thomas M'Guinuess, whilst cDgagcd. cray fishing at Bridgewater, succeeded In capturing a shark between four and five feet in length, which being opened disclosed no less than thirty- five young ones varying from three to four inches In length." The cases set down for trial in the New Court yesterday were rapidly disposed of; four having been withdrawn and two being undefended. Of theso two one, Conley-v. Hobron, was to recover the value of ahorse wrongfully sold at Dunedin; the other, Australiau Trust ' Company v Ritchie, was an action of ejectment. Another trowded homo at the Theatre Royal last night testified to the great interest which is felt by the public in the final performances of the opera company. Verdi's ' II Trovatsre" and Benedict's "Lily of Killarney'1 were the works represented. Aladame Esnott's Leonora and Air Squires' Alanrlco aro ss well known that It is unnecessary to say anything further than that thoso admirable artists fully sustained the reputation wnicu they iiavo bo well earned in these colonies. ' The other characters were equally well represented — Mr Wharton being the Count di Luna ; AIKitts, Fcrrando ; and Aliss Georgia Hodsori, Azucena, The success of tho "Lily of Killarney" was as unequivocal as when the opera was first produced in this city. Misa Rosalie Durand, as Eily O'Connor sang well, and fulfilled all the requirements of the part, while the Myles na Coppalee'n of Air F. Lysterwas, as usual, full , of humour. Air Beaumont as Hardress Cregan, and Air Wharton as .Danny Maun, both sang, and acted well. To-night, which Is positively the last appcaranco of tlio opera company, " Lucrezia Borgia" and " Don Posqualo" are announced for representa tion. , ; , To-night, tho performances . at tho R6yal Haymarket include Byron's capital burlesque of " Orpheus and Eurydice," Lady Don appear- ing as the musical . hero of tho Grecian mythology. 