MISCELLANIES. I.-— An Extloiuko Expedition. ( Written cxrrc$$lu for the Sydney Morning Herald. J We had been reading Bruce and Muneo i'ark, and were fired with noble emulation. We determined to trace the llipple, our local rirtr, to its seurce. liy 'we' I mean Jack Bean, Jim Singers, Bob Wilson, end myself— all day scholars at Rumpus's. The boarder* were a set of stuck-up sneaks, aud would at onee have told Bumpus, and stopped our trip-— for we were going to play truant — if tbey had heard of it, so we had to keep them in tlie dark ; and, indeed, we didn't think it safe to tell any of the other day hoys* The Monday vf the last week but one in the half we fixed upon as the day for I starting. The examination was to begin then, whicb. i we detested, as wc didn't care a fig for prizes. , Besides, we calculated that it would take us about a | fortnight to go and return, and thought tbat if we got back just before breaking-up day, both Rumpus and our papas might feel inclined to ltt us off, whilst at tbe same time the whole school would hear of our glory. For weeks we saved up our pocket-money, to purchase provisions from the natives on the banks. In an outhouse, at the miller's, from whom we used to hire boats on half-holidays, we stowed away under some old wood, a few things in the way of outfit, on the Saturdav evening before we started. We were to start before daybreak on Monday, borrowing a boat with out the miller's knowledge, Ke had so many knock* ing their noses together alongside the slimy little wharf at the end of bis great garden, that we thought he would be sure not to miss one, and that thus we shotild be sble to get away without leaving any clue to our whereabouts. Of course, we meant to pay the miller when we came back— tbat is if he could be mean enough to take money from such distinguished con tributors to geographical science, instead of thinking himself amply remunerated by the honour we had bestowed upon his craft. We had originally intended to take not only a boat, but also a punt, as a 'tender.' Fortunately we all tried, in succession, topull it on the Saturday of which I have spoken, and as none of ua managed to do any thing more than to make it spin round and zound like an impaled cockchafer, we prudently resolved to be content with a single vessel. Jack Bean, on the strength of his havings brother in 'the Texan Navy' — at least so he said— was appointed commander, after some controversy. Siggers opposed hia appoint* ment on the ground that he every now ana then caught crabs, and didn't know how to put a brig about, Siggers had been to Newcastle in one of his unclc's collier-brigs, and had treasured up the words of commend necessary for the nautical manoeuvre named. When he was pulling with one or two of us on the river, he was very fond of ordering, in a sten torian voice, the ' watch below ' to 4- tumble up ' to ' 'bout ehijjy' *' Relm-a-lee,' Siggers would then shout, 'hoist tacks and sheets — mainb'l haul— fore- bowlin' 1st go, acd haul.' This conduct had made Siggers occasionally a bit of a nuisance, since it had attracted the ribald notice of the blackguards on ahore. In vain we told him not to make & ninny of himself. When he once began, he would not atop until he had conscientiously completed the fermuisr)'. A recol lection of the ridicule and angular frfigmtnta ot red til« which he had thu? drawn du^vn ppon us, uyuJo his comtadcs rotolvc that he should sot be placed at the head ef our great expedition. With Bob Wilson and mystlf, he was made to sign articles, binding us to obt y J«ck Bean. Aa Siggera could not be captain, he next tried- the lasv beggar— to get appointed per petual coxswain. It is neediest to state that this «t»lfii-h attempt to secure olium cum dignitate aignally failed. At length the eventful morning came. All Sunday 1 had been in a slate of intense excitement, which was all the more exciting because I had to bottle it up. It was exceedingly hard to avoid assuming the dare devil swagger of a recklcaa adventurer. At church I lcekcd with contcmpt on Rumpus's boarders, when they filed into tbeir pews before the ushers just like so many tame sheep. Theii collars were as smouth a-* their hair, snd that was as smooth as a girl's. Jack Bean and Bob Wilton, and I, on the other hand, who sat opptaite tbem in adjoining jhwb, had tied our necker chiefs in nailers' knots and ruffled our locks and linen -i la Byron. Bob, who was a bit of a wag, spent the greater porcioa ot the time which ought to have betn devoted to Mtrning Scrvice in making defiant faces at Bumpus behind his prayer-book* He was detected at last by a maiden auitt, who always came to church with a heavy thimble on for the punishment of playful and the awakening ot somnolent nephew* and nieces. Tbe ringing, stinging, stunning tap which poorBobreceived fiom this spiteful old lady, made him, I must con fess, look considerably less like a hero. Siggers was a Dissenter, aud even on the eve of our great enterprise wa* cbjigid to go to Sunday School, He fell asleep in the Bible class, and, being suddenly aroused to give a 'Scripture pre of' of the devil, scandalised his tccchtr by shouting to the watch below to tumble up to put the thin about. At length, I repeat, the eventful morning came. I dressed by the level light of a linking summer moon. With pockets stuffed with 'prog,' secreted over night, and my shoes in my hand, I groped my way noieelfEfely down the dark staircase, into tbe faintly illuminatfd hall, into the kitchen, whose shutter boles looked like the eyes of a pair of gigantic ghosts, and into the chill, still scullery, where I put on my shoes. I drew back the bolts, which Betmtd suddenly to have become ruety and rattling to Fpite me ; I turned the big key, which never grated so before ; and stole across the back yard — whose gravel appeared bent on betraying me by its 'crunch- ing' — glancing up fearfully at the bedroom -nindowe, off the white-blinded panes of which the niconbeams were fading. I clambered up the wall — j»iv ir g myself a nasty cut by laying hold of one of the broken bottles at the top— and, with a bleeding hand and torn breeches, dropped into the back lane bc-ond. 1 djdi.'t care about the cut eo much— it was heroic to ' fchtd blood,' but 1 could call to mind no comforting precedent of a Paladin going about in psntaluons wounded h6 mine were. Giddy, j?iddy gou^ Your ebitt*e hanging oul— was the only pcetiy I could think cf at all applicable to my pre dicatnent. 1 tucked in my ehiri as well as I could, and repaired to the place of rendezvous— an ivied hollow iu tlie old town wall. We all had to go out of our way to get thither, but then it wi* romantic, atjd gave a conspirator*'' cave 2?St XI our adventure* I Vflfi lirst there, and, foigeiting the talltrcd state of my attire, tested myself upon asioue. Its suriaee was slugs, its surroundings were nettles. Philosophers, perhaps, might have dis covered ' compensation ' in this combination of the irritant and cooling — 1 wasn't a philosopher, however, and tf. ought it very nasty. Presently Jack Bean ana Rob 'Wilfcon came in together. Bob was v«ry merry Mhen he beutme acquainted with my plight. lie infected on learning bow much I measured from the tip of the beak to the extremity of the tail — which he drew out to its utmost possible point of extension. That disrespectful tap on the head, however, wbich 1 hsd nifnttscd, enabled me very soon to shut Master Bob up. .Siggers was so late in coming that we had just determined to ttart without hiro, when iu he eamc, ar.d recounted his pudim and hodiean experi ence?. I have recorded his anbwer in the Bible class. His father, the deacon, hearing of it, sent him to bed vti'houihis supper, and locked htm in his room to prevent a secretly insubordinate raid upon the lerder. As soon as he could safely commence opera tions on the lock, Siggera had done so, but all his efforts were in vain, and at last he had been compellfd to make his descent, at the ritkof his neck, by means of a water-pipe. Siggers, of course, thought himself a great hero, and demanded praise in proportion. He demanded ' grub 'also, whicb, as we walked down to the river, he devoured with a most Hoinerically heroic appetite. The sun was almost up when we reached the mil let's getden wall. Cautiously we crept under it to the point farthest from the house, and then one after another climbed over it. A quarter of a century bas passed since then, but I can remember, as if I hid smelt it yesterday, the fragrance of the roses and the honeysuckle into and through which I dropped. I recollect knocking half-ripe cherries from the wall, and crushing a clump of dusky -blossomed columbine. I remember tramping ovf r a bed of tobacco- scented, fairy-team-belled lihee of the valley, and shivering at the thought of the maledictions which the miller would have showered upon me, had he 6een me destroying the beautiful buds and blooms of a dewy mat of pet pinks into which the unseasonably face tictiF. Rob \VilRon shoved me. The rotlina amell of dank weeds in the river, and the silvery, bubbling bells and bumptious leaps of little fishes, I can also well remember. The Jim Crow was the craft we selected. The name did uot suit out notions of explorera' dignity, and the boat was no beauty, but then she was all tbe l**s likely to be missed. We got our stores aboard and pushed off; in great fear lest we should be teen iiom the diamond«paned lattices of the low long old house, c.r the windows of the white-powdered old mill, in which we could see that somebody was stirring. '* Muffle your oars, men,' was tbe com mand we received from Captain Jack Bean, iu a whisper of majeBtic mystery. We had aU read of muillcd ours in chronicles of cutting-out expeditions, and thought that they would be the ceirect thing in our caee, but, as neither master nor men had the faintest notion, when we came to think aboutthematter, of what muiHed oars really were, our captain's order was raiker grandiloquent tban good for much, la spite of it, v*e started with a tremendous splutter* Siggers, who was pulling stroke, missed his stroke, thanks to a rotton thole, and fell back into the bottom of the boat. Bob, who k*pt oa uu ling the bow oar with a will, made the Jim Crow tumaoout aud wheel about in a way which justified her name. ' Get up, you beggar.' 41 Back water, you lubber,' the captain savagely hissed from the stern-sheets. ' 'Why the deuce don't you ship the rudder, cox'nr ' — the last objurgation addressed to me : all the orders given with intensely professional imperiouaness. I a teste of the cat. We began to fear tLat we had caught a Tartar in our captain, and dark thoughts of mutiny flitted through our minds. At last, however, thcJimCrowhad her nose fairly pointed uptheRipple. A sound thole was found for Siggers, the captain took the rudder-lines, I was sent 'for'ard,' with orders to keep a sharp look out, and away we went in the fresh summer morning. It was very jolly. The last fctar was fading out, a lark was going up, up, up to the sky, singing as it went — perhaps, although I remember them well now, 1 didn't think much then of the star and the lark* but I know I did think a good deal of the glorious fact of ** no school forme to-day 1' I pictured to myself the poor beggars scratching their heads over those odious papers, with the ushers stealing about like cats to cee that they had got no cribs ; and, con trasting my own freedom with their pitiable estate, I set up a 6ong of triumph, in which Bob and Siggers joined. ' Silence, fore and aft,' angrily shouted the captain. u Look-out, attend to your duty.' I must own that I bad neglected it, for I had barely time to sing out, 'There's something or other on the what do-you-call-it bow,' before we bumped up against a dead pig. I waB instantly called aft to take the stroke oar, and menaced with ' disrating ' and stopped grog. The captain became more clement when the sun had been up a little while. He joined us in the not very appropriate Canadian Boat Song as we glided over the gilt water, fringed with pollard ard weeping willows, between meadows of luBh graes fpangled with king-cups and divided by hedges white with may. About seven o'clock— alx bells, I ought to say— we met with our first serious adventure. Rounding a point of rising ground, we came suddenly upon a numerous tribe of naked savages, dancing theix war dance on tbe banks, or disporting themselves in the stream, which there became shallow. It was the bathing place of the wild youth of the vicinitv. As soon as the natives beheld us, they raised their war whoop and mbed towards us. Attempts at intimi dation a&d; propitiation were equally vain. Our boat was teized on both sides and rocked until we were almost river-sick. She wsb run aground, and then thoved off again, with her gunwale under water. Our stores were shamelessly pillaged. In a very water logged and generally woe-begone con dition we were at length allowed to depart. When we had put half a mue between us and this formidable tribe, we ran into port to refit. Wc moored under _ an elder tree in a little creek — pf co uige; we called it creek-* full of ytilow water-Bins and watercresses, bailed the l.oat, spread our wraps to dry, and then Bob, as purser, wat dispatched to & village not far off to pur* cha&t-; piovUiotm. When he returned with some *tale bread, some gluey cheeec, at-d a can of n^w mi*k, Sipgers, our 'bon'tt,' was ordered to pipe aU hands to lreakfsst. I cannot eay much for thi bread and cliccte, but the watercresscs helped them down, and the milk was first.rate. Altogether we v«Ked our bnok'aat jolly fun, and started once more ia the highest of spirits. We pullrd on leisurely between grKse, green corn, beantitldp, and cottage gardens, and ur-ccr trees at.d quiet country bridge-, until about noon. Thecons looked at us with slow-witted con tempt; the calves stiffened and twisted their tails, and avkwerdly sc-mpeied as far a* they could get from the river- side, *hen thoy heard tlu spUeh of our oar**, we startled, too, the wat^r mtsnd the w*t« r^hfn, .^nd a)mo«t knocked down a feitipfibher ; strely dragon -flits, flies like butnisht-d bronze, Hit b gorge 'us in gold and gre*n, d«ned and bumd about us ; in shallow wf.wt wes* w shod* of shadowy mirnowe. Thinking that as explorers we ought to kill our own food occasionally; and a'so, «e-o h to eay, havirg blistered out har.ds &,»d mvie our arms ache, mc stopped to catch some minnows. The cftp'ain gave a feeble order to proocd upon our voyage until wc could halt for a more substantial meal, but ever since the affray with the natives, in which he had displayed valour below tlie average, his authority had been st a discount. Siggers had flatly told hitn that it w&b; all bosh about his having a brother in the Texan navy. We beached the Jim Crow on a Bsndy bottom, tdok off our shoes and stockings, turned up our trouserc, and paddled about in pursuit of the small prey, using for JiHB our copc, our can, and colander, which w»b Bob Wilstn'6 contribution to our mes^ trench). The fe* wc caught we grilled upon a Arc of sticks and paper, lighted with a burning-glass. The savages had t-pciit our matchcs. 1 caunot conscientiously declare imperfectly cooked minnow to be a delicacy. Of course, however, we nevertheless thought our fibh lunch ptimc. A little before two we diew near a small town, A mtmy- windowed, (all- chimneyed, Tecentl- -built factoiy— loi king strangely out of keep ing with the sleepy, old-fashioned lit'le b uses round -~*toGd upon the river-bank. Its black 6m ke bloited the blue hk- ; a gutter of hot watoe ran from i; into the river, polluting it with dull prismatic films; tie claiming bell w&b; c&lling; back the hands to their afternoon's work. A good many of them, girls and boys, were lounging by the river, and opemd a fierce fire of fhelh— oyster pbtll6— upon us as soot: as we came within range. Our captain now r- deemed his character for courage, but in a rather inconvenient manner. Carried away by noble indignation at the dastardly conduct of thise it hospitable berharians, Jack replied to their tire with e-va-thii,g hard on which he could lay his hands. Bob's colander floored an audaui us small boy, with en atrociously accurate aim, who had jue-t hit me on the noi-e. That was cimtorin*?, but thin not only the colander, but th* c*n, and every thing vc V.ad brought to get food ami drmk io, and to tyke \hkm out cf, wag aieo gone. Forturr-nely bif.ru 'we were quite overpowered, the bill stopped ringing, find our exponents were obliged to br*t a (NvcipitJte re'reat. Pioud of the way in which out ship h*d betn fought, we drew ofl', wt.h a h^avy li*t of casualties. The Wounded were lo.-ked to — by ihenuselvep, and then a clamour wa» raised for dinner. It was de^idfd that the captain, the puxer, and the boaiBw.ia shou'd land, leaving me as boAtkeeper. since ihe r-t*te of my pes'erior at ire was not calculated to insu re ehe in habitant* of the siraTge city with. ie-pr*ct. We putled into the foot of a bridge, w fjcie mj c.mra.sca leaped nshore, promising — the perfidious scouiidr.U — to be back iiv ten minutts with proviaioiiM fin myself. Patiently at first, mo.»t impatiently at la*t, 1 waited for three hours under ot:e of the arches ot trie biiige. There wes e not many people about, but the t'uvu-io-jl found me out, and devoted the bulk of the dsne Ih%ve named to my persecution. Re made hideous grim aces at me, he spat upon me when be t-outd- h? pelted me with broken pipe-ttems, he flu -g brick bats into the water to splash me, he shi» da rotten cabbage ai.d an old shoe at my head, he kept on tryr g to push the boat into the hot sun witn a lot g pole, with which he alao rapped my knuckle;— in brief he made himself a per fectb-a*t, ard s'ill those faithles3 friends of mine came not, I was t»till alone, save for that infamously iniquitous idior, whote pre senct- was intolerable, still ahungered and athifttT I scoop- d up a lutle of the rive; water in the hollow of my hand, out the sun had made it lukewarm, and the factory had made it loathsome. At last the false loons made their ap pearance* — in, I regret to say, a disgraceful state of intoxication. The; had been having their '* grog ' forspoth. Thecap:a\n was trying to smoke a pipe, and looked sepulchtally solemn and dismally sick. Bob was delighting a mob cf sequent infanta by hia capers, Siggers waa indistinctly ordering them to l« t go and haul, interspersing his nautictl ommands with undigested scraps of yesterday's catechism, I got the reprobates on board, and pushed off under a heavy fire of gravel from the infantry, instigated and assisted by the idiot. The captain at once feU asleep, Siggers insisted on pull ing both ears, Beb on steering. They bo.h eaid I was drunk, and sagaciously ad\ised me to 'turn in.' Bob, with a look of blasd benevolence, told me that he had thought of me, and gave me something — to eat , he said— wrapped up in brown paper. I opened the parcel and found a beef-bone without a scrap of meat on it. Jn a strangely zigzag fashion, we went upon our 'way, but Siggers, who had become exube rantly nautical, maintained that it was ' aw right' — 51 making boards,' he celled it, sb well as I could make him out. About a mile beyond the town, we ran foul of a pleasure-boBt, pulled by ttro young ladies, and steered by a rosy old gentleman, who looked like a clergyman. Thereupon the Dis senting blood in Siggers manifested itself with most dii- reputable rampancy. He called the smiling old gentleman *' a lazy old locust,' and prod ded at him with an oar. Nothing would satisfy him but ' hoarding the enemy.' One of the young ladies, however, gave him a little poke with her parasol, and the last view they had of him, as they pulled away, was of bis heels. As soon as he scrambled up he wanted to pitch into me, and directly afterwards he fell asleep. In a few minutes Bob followed his ex ample. I began to be sick of exploring. Seeing a broad di'.ch & little way ahead— I no louger thought about -( creeks ' — I ran the boat in amoug some bulrushes, and made it fast to & fence. My comrades snored on, I was ravenously hungry, and resolved to land to forage. Bob had been appointed custodian of tbe common purse — I felt in his pockets, but couldn't find it. Heie was a pretty predicament. However, if 1 could not buy I must beg. I found my way across some flelda to one fatmhoti£C, but there they called me a prowling little tramp, sad threatened to set the dog on me. I was luckier at another, a little farther off. The farmer's wife gave me a 'hunk' of bread and butter, and a mug of milk. Her little ones were baring their suppers. They looked eo clean and ccmfortahle, and were sure of such snug bed*, that when 1 thought of what must he my bed I was more than ever sick of exploring. When I had finished my supper, the good soul who had given it me became very inquisitive about me. She saw plainly enough that I was a runaway schoolboy. I was half tempted to tell her all, and get an end put to the expedition, but honour— or rather the fear of being called a Mies Nancy — forbade. Discovering on the part cf my hospitable hostess a design to get between me and the door, I turn* d and ran away as fast as my legs would carry me. Of course, I did no: make straight for the boat, but doubled and doubled so cunningly that I soon lott mytelf. It was between ten and eleven before I reached the boat. My com rades still «lept on. Rain had begun to fall, I crept under the tarpaulin, and long lay awake listening to the dreary patter of the drops upon my counterpane. At length, however, I tell fe sleep, and slept as if I meant to sleep for ever. When I awoke the sun was shining brightly, snd my comrades had just awoke, very cross. They aU abused me, and then each abused the oth- rs. Whilst the wrargle went - n, who should make their appearance on the bank above us but the clergyman we had aeen the day before, a sturdy farmer, husband of my ho*te»£, and a grinning ploughman. The clergyman at fiist tried to seem V'.ry stem, aud frightened us into confession at.d submution by threatening to commit us as trespaBserB. He became very kind afterward*, however, and walked back with us to the farmer's, where wc had a jolly good brtakfaet, to writea≠ y to Bumpus, asking him to let us off as easily as he could. Back ta Rumpus's we wire fent in a cart, under the guard of the grinning ploughman and a mil more grinning luul, his would be eatirical hobby d«- hoy of a son. We had to smart under far keiner ridicule than his when we got back. The clergyman's note Bavrd us from a flogging, but it did not save us from ordinary work added to the examination. It did not save us either froca having to eo to school for a couple of hours every day during the' first fortnight of the vacation, to do sums with & disagreeable uBher who was '* staying the holi days,' and whose naturally unamiable temper wbb not, of course, improved by his having to give up a plump portion of hia rare leisure to us. Weetntthe z&UUr; his boat- hire, and paid a man to bring him back tia boat So terrible, how-, ever, were the meitucca he fulminated agaAnat us for spoilir g lip fiowere, tftat it was weeks b--fote we veil* t\md liefer the inill, and quite a puti.ful pieo- of dip'omocy to prevail upon him to permit us to hire hie boath i nee more. Altogether we were not wry pr ud tf our «xpctlition to explore the sources of ths hippie, ? PETER 'POSSU tt, 