MISCELLANEOUS. ClHEERFULNESs.-David flume declared he r would rather possess a cheerful disposition, inclined always to look on the bright side, s than, with a gloomy mind, be master of an estate of ten thousand a-year. 'Two Goon QUALITIES.-Frugality is good, if liberality be joined with it. The first is leaving off superfluous expenses; the last is be stowing them to the benefit of others that need. The first without the last begets cove tousness; the last without the first begets prodigality. The two, united, make an ex cellent temper. Happy the place where they are found! THE BEAU~Y or FLowEns.-.Methinks, if there were no other proofs in the world of God's goodness, the flowers would supply them in abundance. Answer it to thyself, poor soul, that doubtest of His love, that darest not trust the voice to thine heart tell ing thee that thy Father in heaven is all which that heart can adore. Why has Hie made these flowers ? why does He send to thee these little joys, as gentle and unnoticed often as a mother's kiss upon a sleeping child? There is not it would seem, a conceivable reason to be given for the existence of flowers (at least for their beauty and per fiume), than the intention to provide for man a pure and most delicate pleasure. Geolo gists tell us that in the earlier epochs there are few traces of flowers ; such as there were being small, and probably of the secondary colours, mere vessels for the ripening of the seeds. Only when the human era approach ed, the order of the Rosacete appeared, the fruit-trees with their luxurious burdens, and all our brightest and sweetest flowers, till "the wilderness rejoiced and blossomed as the rose." Miss ConnE. A NEw "GnOSTr."--Mr. II. N. King, pho tographer, of Bath, is the inventor and pa tentee of a marvellous ghost. In this inven tion, Mr. King claims superiority in every respect over any "g-host" yet produced. Under his new arrangement, he does away with the necessity of ceiling the stage, and can introduce any number of figures, each with perfect treedom of action, and without the least distortion. In addition to this, the " ghosts " of an entire set of furniture for a room can be shown at once on the stage, every object being clear and distinct. Mr. King dispenses entirely with lenses as now used, and has reduced the whole to a formula so simple, that a child may with ease and safety work the machinery.-Builder. THE ETYIOLOGY or GARIlALD'.-Garibaldi is a German name, and means " bold in war." The first part of the word is from the rootot the old word for spear, Anglo-Saxon gdr, old Norse geir, old Saxon ger. From this comes the word German-i.e. "spearman." From this comes the French guerre, and English war. " Bald" is "bold." There was a Duke Garibald in Bavaria in the 6th century, and the name was known in Lombardy in the 8th. It is preserved in Germany at present in the corrupted form of Gerbel. CoMICL D)oGs.--In the life of that re markable man, Samuel Drew, of Cornwall, an amusing account is given of two dogs be longing to his family. lie states: "Our dairy was under a room which was used as a barn, into which the fowls found their way, and, in scratching among the chaff, scattered dust on the pans below, to the great annoy ance of my mother-in-law. In this a favourite cock of hers was the chief transgressor. One day, in harvest, she went into the dairy, fol lowed by our little dog; and, finding dust again on the milk pans, she exclaimed, ' I wish that cock was dead 1' Not long after, she being with us in the harvest-field, we ob served the little dog dragging along the cock, just killed, which, with an air of triumph, he laid at my mother-in- law's feet. She was dreadfully exasperated at the literal fulfil ment of her hastily-uttered wish, and snatch ing a stick from the hedge, attempted to give the dog a beating. The dog, seeing the re ception he was likely to meet with, where he evidently expected marks of approbation, left the bird, and ran off- she brandishing the stick, and saying in a loud and angry tone, "I'll pay thee for this by-and-by I' In the evening she was about to put her threat into execution, when she found the little dog established in a corner of the room, and the large dlog standing over it.' Endeavouring to fulfil her intention, by first driving off the large dog, he gave her plainly to understand that lihe was not at all disposed to relinquish his spot. She then sought to get at the small clog behind the other ; but the threatening gesture and fierce growl of the large one applurently proclaimed, ' Touch him if you dare,' and sufficiently indicated that the attempt would not be a little perilous. The result was that she abandoned her design."- "Our Dumb. Conqpanions;" by the InE. T. JACKSON, M.A. ConsoLL'u A « xnow.-A clergyman, who was consoling a young widow upon the death of her husband, spoke in a very serious tone, remarking that "he was one of the few. You cannot find his equal you know.', To which the sobbing tair one replied, with an almost broken heart, "I don't know, but I'll try." Kr .D lIELATIONS.-When Henry Siddons was the somewhat unlucky proprietor of the Ediniburgh T'Iheutre, he thought that if his miother and uncle would but play for him,. in the same pieces,, on the same night, hie should retriuve his fortunes. He wrote 'separately to both, and received respective answers. That from Mlrs. Siddons intimated tlhat she wouldt act, for hIull the receipts and a free beneftit. The reply ronm Johln Kemible ex pressed hIis readiness to act,--tfor a free bene-. fit and half the receipts tl Henry Siddons, mnuch pIerplexed, had to look elsewhere for less expensive aid.-Their Majesties' Servants by. Da DonAn. A CosTY CourtTsir.-At a public meet Ing recently held in Birmuinghlam it was decilded to erect a statue of Sir Rowland Hill in that town. The lier. Dr. Millar addressed the meeting, and, in alluding to the benefits of the penny postage, said that he had a very painful recollection-and they would excuse a man who, in these matt..rs, was now in his dotage (laughter', and wished to take tile privilege of babbling, us c(ld men did-but he had a very lively recollcltion of the expenive character of his court:: i;, which took place Ihe would not say hIv many years ago. Every letter lie reciivcd cost himr cightpeuce, and as he was never vain enough to to think his love-letters were worth eightpenice, he always paid the postage himselt; und the conse quence was, he never exchanged a letter with that lady but it cost him sixteeajptnce. "OLD Ann" APaIL- FooLINo.-On the first of April last, about mid-day, Uncle Abe indulged in one of his little jokes. lie ordered a despatch to be sent to Secretary Welles that the United States sailing ship St. Louis had captured the Confederate stea mer Florida, and had hung the captain of the lattt.r imnaediately. Directly Old Welles re ceived the despatch he hurried over to the White House, and rubbing his hands in a joyful manner, announced the glorious news. "I don't believe in, you old printer tool," said Abe; "does it look at all probable that an old sailing vessel like the St. Louis should catch a steamer like the Florida?"-" I don't know," said Welles. "Oh, get out," replied Lincoln. "Go home, and dop't bring me any more such nonsensical despatahes. I see how it is. It is April ftool's day, and you are trying it on." 