IBB ©ID KnOXAttTt EKEVBH IH AVIXRACU:. ? ? ? Noitj that tha Eleven havo taken, tholr depar ture from on'rjehords;,en route for the old country, We lay^bofore our readers, according to promise, a brief reiume1 of their doings with the bat and ball while amongst. ns. Tho second visit of an English Eleven, 0,3 Is now well known, wu owing to the. spirited enterprise of George Marshall, between whom and Georiro Parr nsgoolationa Bad for Boma tlmo been can led on with a view of inducing the strongest possiblo cricketing talent of England to visit the Australian colonies. The use of tho Molbourno ground had been scoured in due time, on certain conditions, and it only remained for Parr to bo ablo to carry out his part of tho undertaking, by porsuadlng the best crlcketerBjJo enlist under his guidance, for tho affair to be brought to a successful issue. Thi^ las been done, and although the substitution 0 inch piayors as Daft, Mortlock, and H. B, Stephenson, might have made tho Elevon evon itronger than it was, thero is no doubt we have Been amongst us an eloven that may with truth 1m called as Btrong an one as any ever seen on any cricket field in the world. That the speculation lias turned out a very profitable one for all parties engaged there is no donbt, but tho Eleven, as a body, have not been anything like so popular as the first team under Stephenson. It would be idle to assert tbe contrary, as It ia well known that both in Victoria and Now South Wales they have been regarded, fcythaigreat body of tlio public, with anything but friendly feeling9. This, so far as Victoria l8 concerned, h attributable to tho parsimonious spirit in which tliey have met tlieir brother pro fessional in this country, end it is extremely questionable if any eloven under Parr's captaincy would ever meet with a favourable reception again in Victoria. We would niso suggest that, In future— supposing wo are to look forward to periodical visits of English professionals, and the colony is called on to get together her bept players to meet them in the field — that the trustees of the M.C.C. ground should tako stops to ensure a oertain sum oat of the proceeds of all matchci played. there, to bo lodged in their hands for tho purpose of meeting all expenses incurred in getting together the players chosen to represent the colony. Had this coarse been taken, the difficulties tho oomtnittoo have had to' contend wkh from want of funds, and the misunderstand ing that arose between the Eleven and our pro fessional players, would have been avoided. As our cricketing reputation depends entirely on tho means wo possess of bringing together our real I trength when opposed to the Eleven of England, it is to be hoped the trustees will tako tho course »bovo eaggeated, and prevent the Melbourne Crioket Club In future from entering into anv one-sided agreement by which Its own pecuniar v benefit may be secured, but by which our repu tation in the cricket field may suffer. When it became known that Parr and his Eleven had secured pusages by tho Great Britain, and might be expected hero any time before Christmas, great preparations wero made lor the first match. A stand, capable of seating 1000 parsons, was erected, and a high iron fence put up all round tha ground. A part of. tbe playing ground was specially reaorved for the England wioket, and a committee was appointed ♦ n fffifc tnpfithp.r fclm hpnfe tnaTn nrwsthln rri rnntanfl with tha Eleven. Unfortunately, just at tho time tho Eleven were expected to arrive, Melbourno wa- ?visited with a disastrous flood, by which all the low- lying grounds around the city were covered with water, and much damage done to property. Luckily, before the 1st January, the waters had (ubstded and tbe weather proved fins, eo that, although tho attendance on tbe JI.C.C. ground on that day was not so groat as might have been expeotod, it was such as to ensu.ro the success of the undertaking in a pecuniary point of view. The Eleven arrived in tho Bay on Wednesday, 16th December, and were compelled to land at 'Williamstown, and so by rail to Melbourne, They were driven from the station In a coach drawn by six greys, a&d; on their arrival at Marshall's hotel received quite an ovation from the crowd of spectators thoro assembled. Mr. Biddle, the secrotary of the Melbourne Clnb, read an address of welcome, and tho cricketers took up their abode at Marshall's well-known hostelry. Practice on various grounds soon enabled them to shake off their sea legs ; and when tbe day for their first match arrived, a finer and healthier let of cricketers never set foot on tbe Melbourne Crioket. Ground. No. I.— The Eleven v. Twenty-two op Victoria, 1st, 2nd, 4th, and 0th January. — Tho first match played by the Eleven in Aus tralia was commenced on tho Melbourne Ground, on New Year's Day, and occupied four days, and even then was not played out. Tho colony was represented by twenty-two players ; but very far from the real artokotinp; strength of Victoria was brought together for tho occasion, and a great deal of disapprobation was publicly oxpressed at the selection made by tho Match Committee. Tha weather was fine, and it Is computod that 10,000 persons paid for admission at the gates during the match. His Excellency Sir Charles Darling and suite wore present durinc the progress of the game, and tho giounu was throngel by all tbo rank, beauty, and fashion of the metropolis. The ground was in first-rato condition after tho late rains, and excellent ?wickets had been propared by tho committee of the M.O.C. Altogether, the first match was a great Biicoess. The play commenced each day at noon— tbe umpires being Mr. Charles F. Cameron for Victoria, and Alfred Clarke for England. Tho captain, of the Viotorians was Mr. Benjamin Butterworth, and, of course, George Parr took the post of honour on behalf of England. The Victorians went in first, and were not disposed of until they had scorod 116 runs. Or these, Oreavea played n ilno innings for 34, Hewitt coming next with a well-got 14; four othor players scored 13 apiece— namely, Huddleston, Conway, Hopkinaon, and Mortimer— Wray and SImmonds contributing 10 apiece, and Goorpe Marshall 8. In bowling, Tlnloy and Jackson wero tho most successful of the Englishmen, the former taking -ix wickets, and tho latter eleven. The greatest curiosity woh excited, when tbe innings had terminated, to sea the Eloven at tho wickets, especially Graco. Carpenter, and Hay ward.1 Great things were expeoted of tho first named. Ctcsar and Tarrant wore the first at tho wiokots, and tho former was bowled by Cosstick for 3, when tlso was called on the first dtf, ono wicket being down ?of 8 runs. Saturday, _2nil Januaryv- Thia day will be memorub'e in iuo annals of orickot, (or the magnificent diiplay of batting shown by Hoyward and Carpenter. Tarrant had been got rid of for 9 and Tinley for 0, tho scoro being 10, when these two Cambridge cracks got together, and when Hayward was bowled by Bryaqt it stood [at 138, of which ho and Carpenter had made 110 betwoen them; Hayward retiring for 01, having beon at the wickets four hours and twenty-five minutes, Carpentor carrying his bat out for 69. Daring the day, 120 ovors, or 501 balls were bowled ; Bryant and Coa«tick espe cially distinguishing themselves. It was alto gether a splendid display of cricket, and waa much enjoyed by the immenso assemblage of ?peotators. Monday, 4th January— Carpenter and Caffyn Tforo together at tho wickets, and Carpenter was caught, the first ball, at cover point, without increasing his ecoro. Carpontor, like Hayward, pbyod a very grand Innings, although ho gave a chance at short leg early in his career. Mr. Grace's nppearanoo waa the sig nal for a round of cheers ; ho did not, however, keep up his English reputation, boing vory quickly disposed of by Bryant for 8, without bis making any display ofbia wonderful bitting powers, as anticipated. The roat of the eloyen wera npt long Jit tlrni ?ieMa, ftbd tlie inn!n(?s closed for 170, just 80 ahead of Victoria. At three o'clook, the Twenty-two commonoed their second innings, Jackson anlJ T1°loy bowlinfr- MaUh$i °?ly iado 8, whin Lockyer stumped him. Huddleaton Saved a very good Innings of 17, and Greavea again made afinc display of cricket for the scoro o?18. SJmmonds made 11 by vory Btcady play. I^k-r was very effective during the afternoon, SSposW 'f *°M m0Q st lhe ric^iBl 8wi wonderful skill was loudly applauded. When kroSn, and although »otpl»je4 out,. «M virtually won by tbe Eleven, who bad only 0 runs to got, . with six wiokots to fall, when time was . called. Another ten mlnu'.es' play would havo prevented ihit unsatisfactory termination — a draw. Of tho remaining Victorian wickots, Smith and O'Brien played well, tho latter beinjr nt tho wickets between threo and four hours for 18, of which 16 wore singles. O'Biien cot 15 by good hitting. The innings closed for 143, leaving tho Eleven 114 runs to win. Tarrant and Graco wero the first to appear at tbo wickets. Graco playod a very steady innings of 18, heforo ho was caught, off Conway, by Watson. Tarrant was run out, but Caffyn gave an earnest of hia future play by scoring 37, not oat, in a most scloutiflo man ner. Carpenter made 15 when ho was caught by tho same porson in the place he gave a chanco to in his first Innlng9. Hay ward's being ' run out' was a great disappointment to those who wera anxious to boo bin elegant style of batting. An derson wai not out for 11, which, with byes, etc., brought tho scoro to 105, 0 short of tbe require:! number. Tho bowling and fitldin(* of tho Vlo torlans did not come up to that of their first innings by a long way— in faot.afior luncheon, it was very bad, but gradually improved. Tho respective, scores wero: Victoria, first innings, Mfi; seoond innings, 143. England, first inDing.', 176; second innings, 105, with six wicketa to fall. No. II.— Eleven op England v. Twrnty two op Sandhurst, 7th, 8th, and 9th Jan. —Sandhurst waa the first up-country town honoured by the prosonca of Captain Parr and his team. The local ph»ora had tho assistance ofT.W. Wills and Hewitt, and iu their first innings mado something liko a show of a fight with tbo Eleven, there being only tho differ enco of 11 runs between tho two scores; in the second, howover, tho Eleven mado 178, and dis posed of the Bendifronians for 45 runs only, 5 hpinrrrrnhlnhpsr. individual Bcoro. J. B. Thomn son was captain of tho Twenty-two, and Andcr fon of the Eleven. Iu their first innings, the Eloven did not seem at all to appreciate the ground, which was a vei/ hard ono, but got nsod to it by tho timo their second innings commenced. Anderson headed tho poll In tho first innlnRS, by a well-got 20, Cnrpentor scoring 17. In the second innings, Carpenter coored 33, Graco and Anderson 21 each, Jnckeon (not out) 18, nud Caffyn 19. In the batting of tbo Bamligonians there is nothing worthy of notios, Glen inakiug 10, and Bruce 12— no nne else, in cither innings, nottinc into doublets— Tinley and Jackson doing all tho misohief with tho boll ; the former getting thirteen nnd fonrtoon wickots respectively in the two innings, and Jackson six and seven. During this inntoh, George Parr was taken ill with ory eipolaa In the face, and was for some time in oon Blderable danger. Friday was a scorching hot day, and on tho morning of the third day, Satur day, n hot wind set in with clouds of dost, which gradually turned to heavy rain, in which tho match was finished. The attendance was not great, the greatest number present on any day being 3000. On tho evening of Saturday, a grand dinner was given to tho Eleven, at tho Metro politan hotel, Mr. J. B. Thompson, in Mr. Mackay's absence, through illness, being in the chair ; about 100 persons were present. A prize bat was presented In tho evoninE to Carpontcr, for gotting the highosttoore. Score :— Sandhurst, first innings, 74 ; second innings, 45. England, first innings, 85; second innings, 178. England winning by 144 runs. No. III.— The Ei;bven v. Twenty-two or Ballaarat, 11th, 12m, and 13th Januabt.— The promlor goliifleld of Viotoria ta.i tha next rjlaca set down on the encasement list ol tho Eleven, and they accordingly arrived [here by t'.io early train on Monday, the 11th, ivhera they were roceived by tho crickoters and m»ny of the residents. The cricketers of Bal asrat are generally considered nuperlor to thoseof Bendlgo, but tboy resolvod to avail themselves of Imported talent, and accordingly sent for Bryant md Greaves, from Melbonrne, Wills also being Found in the ranks of tbe Twenty-two. The gamo jommenced at half-past ono on Mondiy, Ander son and Sweeney being the captaiuB, and the Twenty-two going in. Greavea and Bryant got 1G and 21 respectively, and the captain 11 ; the innings closing for 82. Tinloy and Hayward were chiefly instrumental in Retting tha wickets. Of tho Eleven, Calf yn and Cffisir showed some eplondld cricket, the former gotting 39, the latter 40\. Lockyor got 31, and mado the bit of the match,. hitting tho ball out of tho Rround. Tar rant got 82 in fine style, and Mr. Graco 15. Tho innings terminated for 1E8. On Tuesday, there wero 3000 persons present, and tbe stand was graced by the presence of many ladies. In the second innings of tho Twenty-two, Wills got 32, In something like his old form ; Murray, Neep, and Timms getting doubles. Ninety-four was the sum total. Tin'oy and Hayward doing tbo amiable with the ball ; Tinley getting 10 wickets, Hayward 5, and Jackson 3. Tbe wicketa wero good to bat on ; but tbe fielding part of the ground rough and bad. Bcote:— England, first innioga, 183. Ballaarat, first inningB, 82; seoond innings, 91. Enzlaad winning in one innings, with 12 runs to spa'o. Aftor the match tcrminatod, a sinclo wicket match wai got up between Grace and Tarrant, and olght of the Twenty-twe, namely, Greaves, Sweeney, Phillips, Neap, Oldham, Bryant, Murray, and Wills. This the twins won— Graco scoring 11 and Tarrant 9; total, 20. Tho Eight only tcored 11, of which Greavos got 2 ; Phillips, 5 ; Oldham, 4. Tarrant got four wicketa, and Grace two. This affair created considerable interest, and the finish, when the last two men wero run out, by some splendid fielding of tho twins, caused groat excitement. No. IV.— The Eleyen y. Twenty- two op Araiut, 14th, 15th, and lGrn Jandaby.— Ararat is some sixty miles from tbo capital of deep BinkiuR (Ballairat), and tho Elevon were under tho necessity of travelling by night over tho admirable (?) cross country roada which connect tbo two places. It is not cxaotly the kind of exerciso to prepare one for cricket; but os it could not be avoided, tho Dumpings, and shakings, and joltings inseparable from the passage were endured by them, as by other mnrtqin nnrl litnir nrarA rinlu ripnnaifnfl nf. fll-« remoto proidficld, by half-past nine, ajfe and sound. Wills aeoompanied them, and played with the locals, although his services could not avert the futo of a defoat iu one innings. Thirty six and 31 were the scores of tbe Twenty-two. Tinley taking twenty-six wickets In the two innings. In the second Innings, Graco camo ont as a bowler, and got seven wickets, in ninety-two balls, for'i runs only. In batting, Carpentor again got the Legerr scoring ?5; Jackson, not out, 15. Marshall win substituted for Hayward, who had hurt his hand, and scored 14. Score : — England, first inniuga, 137. Ararat, first innings, 30; second innings, 34. The Eleven winning in ono innings by 67 runs. Aftor the matoh, Tarrant challenged any eleven residents to single wicket, and found an eleven to tako up the gauntlet — ntmoly, 1.0W0, Araier, .-sinuu, jeurey, uaruuo, White, JenkynB, Donaldson, Dyer, Fisher, and Evans. Tarrant disposed of them in 350 balls for 4 rune, and then scored two singles and a 2 in 73 bolls, being at last caught out, tho match ending in a tie. On Saturday evening a dinnor was given to the Eleven at the Great Eastern hotel, at which about sixty sat down. The UBual toasts wero drunk and speeches mado, tbe Eleven being duly honoured. Tarrant was presented with a diamond ring by Mr. Murray, on behalf of the Ararat crickoters, as a mark of their appreciation of his skill as an all round cricketer. No. V.— The Eleven t. Twentit-two op Maryborough, 18th, 19th, and 20th Jan tTARY.— From Ararat tho Eleven journoyed via Eversley, where they Btopped all day, en route for Maryborough, wliifih place they roachod on the Monday. On their way they stopped to luncheon, by invitation, at tho Avocn, where a first-rate spread awaited them, Mr. Ogilvy, tbo manager of the Bank of Viotoria, and many of the Inhabitants assembling to welcome tho EltTen. At time distance from Maryborough thoy wero met by the Mayor and many of tho inhabitants, and a procession was formed to escort tho Eleven to the town, whero they were received with great cheering, and conducted to their quarters at the M'lvor and Commercial hotels. It waj the first time that an Eleven of England had visited the district, consequently moro than usual interest waa token, and when tho raatcb began on Tuesday, in spite of dust and beat great crowds congrega;cd to see tho play. Georg* Anderson was captain of tho Eleven, and Garland captain of the Twenty-two. The local playera had the assistance of Wills, Greaves, Hewitt, Bryant, and Makinson, but in spite of tbe Molbaurno oraoks, tbe Eleven made the scoro of 223, nnd won in ono Innings. On tho Tuesday the game was stopped by rain, which set in after tho hot wind, and, aftor luncheon, ploy was abandoned for tho rest of tho day. Of the Twenty- tiro, Greavea got 10, and Garland the same number, by some fine hitting, one hit lending tho ball on to tho top of a lady's hoad. Toiriano scored 16 by steady and good play. In the second Innings, Morrc a scored 22, the rest nothing— Greaves, Wills, Bryant, and Howltt all coming to grief for a very small number between them. Of tho Eleven. Hayward, Caflyn, and Lockyer played splendidly, and Mr, Graco at last showed tome of his erlckot, by scoring -1A runs in brilliant style. In tbo first innings, Dayward got ton wickets, and Tinley elcvon. In tho ieoond, Tinley eleven, Hay wurd two, and Jackson nix. On the side of tho Twenty-two, Wills got five wickots. With this match the np- oountry tour of the Eleven was for tho presont brought to a termination, as thoy wero engaged toleavefor New Zealand by the Albambra on tho following Monday, and they returned to Melbourne, well plcaiaif rod latlulied with their first experience of eolonUl We ia the. up-country and remote HistrlotoofVlstoria, and on the principal' (,oU flelds. ?????? ? ? - No. VI— The Eikven in Nbw Zbalans. —Tub Eleven v. Twenty-two ov OtAco. —Previously to the arrival of the Elevon la Victoila, Mr. Shadraoh Jones, of the.oity of Dunedin, had arrivcl in Melbourne to enter into arranpemonts with Georgo Marshall to seouro a visit of the Eloveu to New Zoaland, nnd a con tract to that effect had boon duly signed, ao.iled, and delivered, binding the Eleven, on certain terms, to play » scries ol matchos in 011*30 and Cantor bury. In pnrauanoo of this agreement, passages were secured by the Allmmbra steamer, and on Monday, the 25th January, they onco more found themselvor 'oribbed, cabinod and oonflnod,' steaming away o'er the waters blue, bound for tbe land of tho Mnorics. and with the expedition, if all went right, to be back again in Victoria or New South Wales at the oxplratlon of a month from that time. Tho Elevon woro accompaniod to tho pier at Sand ridgo by many friends, to ere them off, and bon voyage was drnnk to them in hampers of cham pagne ; and, as the vessel cast off, tho Eloven wero loudly cheered. Mr. T. W, Wills accompanied them, n'so Mr. Shoosinith, on Eebalf of Georgo Marshall, tbe lalter's dread oi sea-slckncss pro venting him forming one of the party. Ab soverul members of the Eleven aro by do means good sailors, it is only fair to suppose they suffered cimtiderably off that rough and stormy coast; but, nevertheless, a good passago was effected, and on tho 31st January— five days and a half— Port Chalmers was renohed. The recep tion at Dunedin was n very imposing one, not withstanding tho 'old identities,' who aro not well np in tile mysteries vi cuckci, upponreu iu take little interest in tho affair. Addresses were road, and tbo landing wC9 effected after n some what novel manner, the watermon of tho port, in eight onir-o-ire, towing tho boat in which the Eleven wore seated, the men wearing straw hats with bluo ribbons, and blue rosettes on their whito shirts. At half-past twelve on Monday, the procession started for Dunedin, the celebrated 'Cabbage Treo Ned' iooling one of Cobb's ooaob.es, drawn by six Rtcj-B, 'privato vehicles and horsemen innumerable,' to quote tho words of Sell's Bpeclal, bringing up tho rear. Arrived at tho Provincial hotel, the head-quarters of Mr. Jono«, the Eloven took up their abode thoro, nmidst tho greetings and shouts of woloame from the generally quiet residents of tbo capital of Otago. A ground, on which the matches wore to bo played, bad been formed at great expanse and trouble ; a grand stand, almost rivalling that of Melbourne, had been erected, ond tho wholo enclosed by a substantial fenoe ; but wo fear tfco receipts were in no way commonsurate with tbe crcnt outlay of money involved in this firrt attempt to acclimatise English cricket in New Zealand, and that tho skill of her champion players, except by a select few, was hardly appreciated in a manner calculated to repay tha B'lugulno speculator for his spirited enterprise. The elements nufortnnatoly were not propitious for the first match, which commenced on Tues day, tho 21st February. Tho wind unroof od tho grand ntand, and deprived tho cricket of much of its ocicntific character. The Eleven won the toss, and decided on going In. The umpires were, for Otago, Mr. Boston, and for England, G. An derson. Messrs. F. Russell and Shoosmitb, seorerj. Amongat tha Twenty-two wero several old Viotorian players — J. and U. Maco, Couletock, Jacornb, Kodfern, and Maddock. They wero all Oat for 71, of which Maddock got 11 — the highest ecoro. The Eleven scored 99, Grace and Lockyer getting 24 each, Tarrant 14, and Carpenter 10. Tho Twenty-two of Otago wero got out for 83 in their . secmd innings, Jacomb, Kissling, and Uorris each (retting a dozon, and (lie Elevon won the match with tho loss of one wicket— Jackson's —Graco getting 26, not out, ind Tarrant 12, not out. Score :— England, first innings, 99 ; second innings, 58, with nino wickots to fall. Otago, first innings, 71; second innings, 83; England winnin? easily. No. 711.— The Eleven v. Twenty-Two op Otaqo and Canteubcry, Played at Dunbdin.— The combined forces of the two provinces, tbo pastoral and the golden, with tho assistance of Mr. Wills, then tried their Btrength against tho Eleven, butasonlytwo days could bo devoted to the match, it was drawn, tho Elovcn boing behindhand on tho first Innings. Tho Vic torianB distinguished themselves by gotting most of the runs, C. Mace, Hedfern, Wills, nn M'Dootild being the chief scorcra. On the part of England, Gtaco and Lockyor alone got double figuros; Grace's score exceeded those of all tha rest of the team put together, he getting 42. Wills, Itedfern, nnd C. Maoe handled the ball with such effect, that the total was only 73. The Twentv-two. In their first innlnEB. scorlne 01. and CG In the aecond— leaving tbe Eleven 85 to get to win. Score :— England, first iunlnga, 73. Otago and Canterbury, first innings, 91; second innings, 00 ; drawn match. No. V11I.— The Eleven t. Twenty-two op Canterbury.— From Dunedin, tho Eloven, In company with the Canterbury Eleven, who wore passengers also by the ' City of Dunedin,' proceeded to fulfil their engagement at Christ church. They arrived at Port Cooper, tbo lnrbour of Lyttleton, on tbe Gth, Saturday night, at ten o'clock. On thoir arrival at Christ thurch, tho Mayor and all tbe notabilities of tho town were assembled at tho station with a band, coaches, carriages, flags, evergreens — everything to give a hearty welcome. Tho match la remnrkable, perhni s, for the score of tbo Twenty two being tbe smallest made against the Eleven, amounting only to 30 runs. Ia the second innings, somo very line batting was shown by 'Pennant, an old Hugbcoao, who wai run out for 28, W. C. Wilfou gutting 12, and Mooro 10. The innings amounted to 105. In the Innings of tho Eleven, most of thorn scored — Cirpontor and Lockyer Retting 23 each. Caffyn was run out for 12. The total was 137, just 2 over tho united soores of tbe Twenty-two. Tinloy, as usual, did most execution with tho ball, gotting twenty throo wiczets In all. Sooro:— England, first innings, 137. Canterbury, lirst innings, 30; secood innings, 105. England winning Iu one innings. No; IX.— TnE Eleven v. Twenty-two op Otago, at Dunedin, IGtii February. — Tho Eloveu returned to Dunedin, excoodingly gratified with tlieir trip to Canterbury. It had been decided, on thoir roturn to to the golden province, that another Twenty-two Bliould be got together for a final trial of Btrength, and accordingly, on Tuesday, IGth February, the match commenced. Tho Britishors occupied the wickets first, and made n long scoro — Caffyn and Hayward making -0 ond 43; Tarrant, 20; Cassar, 21 ; Grace, 10 ; Tinloy, 14 ; Carponter, 11\. Byes, etc., brought up tho formiJnble total nf Ifl3. Airntnflh this thfl Pivpnl v-ttrn nmiM r»n1w get 98, and 49. In the first innings, Winter Rcttlnc; 21 j Turton, 25; Jacomb, 11. In the tocond, our old friend Tommy Wills nlono getting a double, with 20. Tln'fy and Jackson, ns usual, gave most of thorn their quietus, and the Eleven scored another one innings to their credit. After tbe match, thero was any amount of sport ia the shape of foot-races. The All England Eleven Handicap, which CaffVn won : throwine the ball, which Grace won (101 yards). Planting trees, and a single wicket match between Mar shall's factotum, Mr. S., v. a Veritable Ghost, which, of course, Mr. S. won in a cantor. Bats with silver plates were presented to Lockyer, Graco, Carpenter, Jacomb, and Kedfern; aid balls to Hayward and Tinley. Mr. Jonos pre sented each of the Twelvo with n massive gold pin of New Zealand gold. The Eleven presented Mr. Jouoa with a silvor cup, with an appropriate Inscription upon it. At an entertainment in tho evening. George Marshall's health was proposed by Mr. L. Sampson, In highly eutrolistio terms, to whioh Mr. Sboosaiitb responded on bis behalf, regretting that business had detained Marshall in Melbourne. Tho Eleven wero conveyed from Duuedln by tho Golden Aga to the Oraeo, steamer, In which passageshad been scorned, and, amidst tho hearty and prolonged cheers, nnd good wishes of a numerous aseembloqe of spectators, they bade farewell to New Zealand, and onco more surrendered themselves ua martyrs to another trip ou tho stormy ocean. The old boat made a favourable passage, and tho Twelvo onco mora found thomselves safe and sound on Vio torian soil. No. X.— The Eleven v. Twenty-two of Castlkmainb, 2nd, 3nD, and 4th Feb ruary.— The only eoldftelds town of importance which Parr's Eleven had not visited was Castle malne, and during tho absenco of the Eleven In New Zealand a match against twenty-two had been arranged. It was at Castlotnalno Stephen ion's Eleven were defeated, so more than usual interest was felt in this encounter, especially -s the crlckotera of the ' great centra' never call in any extraneous help, but rely on their own cxertiona, having full faith in local talent. The Twenty-two, on this occasion, could do nothing with l'arr, nor could they even avert the uaual Cute— v one innings dtfest. Tha mntob. was played on the pretty ground at Campbell's Crock. The Eleven scored 137, of which number Tinley and Hayward scored 21 each, tho formor not out, Clarko 18, and Parr 1G. For Castlemalne, Brooker got a good 13, and in the second innings, Makinson, 10. One of tho Twenty-two, Easton by name, waa at the wickets two hours for 3 mm. Tinley, as usual, did most exeoutlon with tho ball, Hayward comiog next. The match wa3 vory well attended, and was, on tbo whole, a great succosi, although so one-elded. Score :— England, first Innings, 137. Castlcmalno, first innings, 54; second Innings, 40. England win ning in one inniaea by 37 rum. No. XI.— Tns Elbvbn Divided — Gp-onaB Pi.BR'8 Eleven . v. George Anderson's Eletzh, Plaihd at Mbluoubnb. — This 'match created much interest, and had beon anxiously looked -forward to. ' Unfortunately, a difference arose batweontho Eleven and the Vio torian professionals on the subject of payment, and at the last moment, aftor. conaidenblo time had been lost, whan the game should have b;gun the Eleven decline I on anv terms to play with the prorcstfonals of Victoria, and they were with drawn, and thoir plncos filled up with gentlemen players. To a great extont this proceeding spoilt the match, and tho Eloven probably Buffered oon Blderablyin pocket for their conduct tGw«rda their brother professionals, as tho attondauco on tho ground was by no moans numerous. Ctcjar, Tinley, Tarrnnt, Carpenter, Caffyn, nnd I'arr were pitted against Graco, Haywerd, Anderson, Lockyer, Clarke, and Jackson, and tbo elevens mado up by Messrs. Kelly, Tait, Marshall, M'Pherson, and V. Cameron enlisting undor tho banner of Parr (who, by-tbo-uye, was made a chieftain in Now Zealand), nud Moisrs. Wardlll, IVIIIn. n'Rrfnn. Simmnnrla. nnd TTnna falilnn nor. vice undor Andorson. Some very fino cricket wm 8»own, during the matoh, by Hayward, who scored 17 and 1, Caffyn 34 and 40, Pair n fine innings of 20, Carpenter 22, Lockyer 44 nnd not out 40— a fine hitting innings— Andorson 38 and 5. Wills distinguished himself by bowling Caesar and Carpenter for a oiphor oacb. Grace scored 21 in Mi first Innings, but wm bowled for nought by Caffyn in tho second, and Clarko playod a viry fine hitting innings for 40. Grace got flvo wiokots in C4 balls. No other bowling deserves apcoial notice. Anderson's elda won by four wickots, Lockyor bringing out his bat for 40, Clarke for 0. Score:— Anderson'« Eleven, fiist innings, 1G8; second innings, 115, with four wickots to fall. Parr's Elevun. first innlntri. 153; second innings, 129. Anderson's Eleven winning by fonr wickets. No. Xli ? Thb Eleven in New South Wales — It was nt one timo thought that Purr's Elovon would not visit tho aiator colony ; but, during tho absence of tho team in New Zealand, negotiations wero opened with Georgo Marshall, and an agreement entered Into for the Elevon to Slay three matches iu Now South W«los — two in yanay, and the third at Maltland. Accordingly, on 10th Marob, Ibc Elevon left Melbourne by tha Alexandra, and arrived at Sydney, whoro they wero ontliutlaftically received by the in habitants. Unfortunately, the woather, during the beat part of their sojourn In Sydney, was vbit wet, and heavy floods took placi In various parts of tho colony, entirely preventing tho Maitland match coming off, to the gratt disappointment of the Inhabitants of that inland city, who wero vory anxious to see tho Eleven. Three matchos wers accordingly played in Sydnoy, in tho Domain, two of which wero won by tho Eleven, and the second ouo drawn. The Eleven v. Twe.nty-two of New South Wales, Played i.v the Domain, ldn, 17th, and 18th March.— The first, match wne commonccd on tho Wednesday, tho 10th Mareh. It rained hovily all night, and tbe morning broko dull and gloomy. It rained frcquontly during tbo day, stopping tho ganio. On Thursday, thero wero 1U,000 persons, including his Excel lency tbo Governor ; the ground was scarcely fit to play ou. On the Friday, the ground ytm in a dreadful state ; when nine of the Eleven were ont for 113 runs, tbe excitement reached a high pitch, and there wero 15.000 persons present. Heavy bets wore made on the Ttrenty-two. In the «ocona innings of the Twenty-two, the bowling ot Jackson and larrant quite put another feature on the game, the wholo team being disposed of for 50. For tho Twenty-two, Thompson got 2G in good style; Lawrence, tho captain, 25; Gor man, 19; and Curtia, 1*. Tor England, Hay ward, 24; Caffyn, 25; Jnckeon, 20; Parr, 10; Tarrant, 13; total, 128, orO behind tho Twonty two, who scorod 137. In tho second innioga, thero was not ono double number, Grogory getting 8, and Gorman 6 ; total, 50. This tho Eloven got, with, fmr wickets to spare, Carponter and Ctosar being not out with 9 and 3 to their respective credits. Caffyn getting 20 (c Gorman, b Lewis), and Hay ward 14 (ruu out). Tho ground was vory dead ; at one time It wa* attended by 20,000 persons. Score : — England, first innings, 128 ; second inningB, GO, with four wickets to fall. New South Wales, first tunings, 137 ; second innings, B0. Eneland winning, with four wickets to fall. No. XIII.— The Eleven v. Twentt- two ?j-f 41UM uu w & u -iaubO) 4. JJA. 1LU Al UlXJil^X* This match waa drawn, on Recount of the wot. The Eleven beaded tho Now South Welshmen, in tho first innings, by 12 run*, scoring 114, of which Hayward scored 21, Cicsar 17, and Parr (not out) 10. Tha Twenty two ecornd 102, of whioh Lawrence made 25, O. Lewis 12, Gorman 13\. In the second innings of tbo Ttventy-two, ono wicket was down for 3 rune, when tho match waa abandoned. Scoro :— England, fir«t innings, 114\. New South Wales, first iUDinge, 102; second innings, 3, with twenty wickets to fall. Drawn match. No. XIV.— Tnn Eleven t. Twbnty-two op New South Wales, Pgayed in the Domain. Saturday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wed nesday, the 2nd, 4th, 5th, nnd Gth of April. — This was commenced in tho Domain on 2nd April, tho ground being somewhat drior than for some tlmo past, but tbe attendance was thin. The Twenty-two went.flrst to tha wickets, to tbo bowling of Tinloy ond J&ckson.; Thoy only scored G8, O. Lewis making 13, and T. Lewis 12. Tar rant, Ilayward, and Jackson bowlod very fintly. The Eloven were very liitlo ahead of thoTwonty tWO. Onlv ECOrinf? 7n. nf toMpJi f!mmt» mnrin 11 Grace 20, and Parr 10 In thoir seoond inningB, the Twenty-two made 83— D'Aroy 1G, GilbertlS, Crampton 10, Payno, not out, 10. Tho gaino was brought to a termination on tho Wednesday In favour of England by ono wicket onlj. At on» timo tho Twenty-two thought they had vic tory in thoir hands. The Governor was present on the lost day, and about 3000 pcoplo, the weathor being magnificent. It was tho hardest won victory of the Eleven. In tho seoond inainus ol England, Cattyn scorod 17, Hayward 17, Parr 12, Cicsar 7, Lockyer and Tinloy being not out. Score i— England, first innlnge, 75 ; second innings, 77, with one wioket to fall. Kew South Wnlee, first innings, G8; second innings, 83. Enpjand winning with ono wicket to fall, yoino little disagreement took place betweon MieElovon end the cricketers of Now South Walos, which resulted In a good deal of ill-feeling between them. Tho Eloven returned to Victoria by tho Wonga Wonga, steamer, which, on Ioavlng Sydney Heads, camo Into collision with a ichoouor. causing hor return to port. Thig aocideut de luyoa mo iiieven «omo tlmo, and provouted them keeping their engagement at Geelong, nt which place they hod arranged to play a match ou their return to Victoria. It was mldniabt on Monday, tho 11th April (the day the Geelonc match should have commenced) before tho Wonga roachod ITobson's Day, so thai the Eloven oonld not be nt Geelong before Tues day, on which day— with not a moment's rest aftor their piusago— they put In nn nppcaranoj at tho Pivut, to commence a match against Twenty-two of tho district. No. XV.— Thb Eleven v. Twentv-two of Geelono and District, Plated at Gee lono, 12tu and 13th April.— It was nt llr.t intended that this Bhould bo a threo days' match, nnd great preparations had been made by tho Corio club to get thoir pretty ground in Rood order; but tho engagements of the Elevtn nt Maryborough and Ballaarat prevented its being played out. Tho local team wero assisted by Bovoral Melbourne players ; but Goelong could, of course, claim Wills as its own peculiar pro perty, he having been a residont of that locality for aorao time. Bryant, Conway, and George Marshall wero tha imported players. Gooige Anderson, who had been sufloring from illness, wob tbe umpire for England, and Mr. Blrdsfy for the Pivot. Tho play did not oommenco until „ ? . B7SIlt played a fino innings for 17, nnd Uowitt for 12. Coav/ny, however, carried oil the honours of tho day, by his fino ploy for 31, being not ont when time waa callod. On Wed nesday, Conway was bowled the first ball, and tho inniups closed for 103 runs. The Eleven commenced ruu-gettinp very fant. Tarrant Lioiar, and Hayward sooring41, 20, nnd 35, with all probability of tho othor wickets keeping in ail day Tommy Wills, however, got rid of them by hu half alow round arm bowling, tho whole being disposed of for 135 ruus- Iu the second innings of tho Twonly-two, Brvant played another good Innings of 19, ond Rip'pon hit away tor 10, not out. Tiuley got cloven wickets in the first l'iniugs, and Tarrant five. Thore woro nine wickets down for C4 runs, when time was called. Hoore:— England, first Innings, 135. Gsolons, first liming, 103; second Innings, 01, with twalw wlekets to fall. Drawn match. ISO. XVI —The Eleven at Maryborough — Paiuhnt's Ei.evbn v. Paiir's Eleven Ju m '' AND 10th ArniL.— From tho Pivot the Elevon journoyod, by wny of Ballaarat, to Maryborough, tho cricketers of which plnco wore so pleased with tlieir first matoh, that they determined on . seoing tho Klevou onoe moro prior to their dopariuro. It had been deoided, w it a viow to seeing finer oricket, to divide tho i-lCTen, supplementing each sido with local talwt, nad a fino display of orickot took plnco— Uraoo was run out for 37, and caught in second inninKa for II ; Tarrant got35and 3; Carpenter. 18 ind 4i Jackson made 45 and 2 j and Hayward, da»Ld 10. Coesar bowled splendidly in thcaeaond Innings. Tarrant's tide, which oouelsted nf Giico, Ctetar, Carponter, Tinley, G. Marshall one local players, won the match by CO runa. G. Marshall wa, at tho wloketa two hours for his Iu In tbe seoond Innings j in tho first he raaJo 23 Tin Eleven wero muob ploasod with their second visit to Maryborough. Score: — Tarraut'a £l«v«n, Brut Inningi, 164 j iccond innings, 74, Parr's Eleven, first inning»,' 112; »eoond mnlngi, 70.' Tarrant winning b- 50 run«.' no. xvii,— tub' etbvin-v. twenty-, two of Ballaabat. and District, Psaybd at Ballaarat, 13th, 19th,. 20tu At-bii,.— Ballaarat claimed tho honour of a second visit from tho. Eleven, ond another match agunst twenty-tw6 had botn arranged. Accordingly, tho Eleven arrived from Maryborough on tho Sunday, and oommonced nt noon, on Monday, tho 18th, this being tholrlaot apposranco on any ground, prior to their final match nt Melbourne, against th» beat twonly- two In tbo colony. Bryant, Groaves, and Willa lent thoir assisianco to tho Twenty-two. Sweeney waa the captain of tho Ballaarat loaia, and Mr. Wieklng the] uraplro, Anderson for England. This mato mill lin bvbp memorable, on account of Carponter's extraordinary score of 121. Ho was nt tho wioketB nino hours during two days— when ho went in the score stood at two wickots, 19 runs ; when ho camo out, soven wlckeis, 297. Ho did not givo it chance until he had scorod abou 80 runs. His bitting to log was very fino, am ho hit over the stand out of the ground several times. Parr also played a splendid innings of Go. The Eleven wont iu first, and woro at the wiokots two days, total cooro being 310— the highest mado by this Elovon, and higher than any by tho former England Elevon. Caffyn mado a good 2G, nnd Hayward 15. Tho ground wns rough and bad for fielding, but the wickots played truo. For the Twenty-two, Morrea played two good innings of 13 each. Neop, nn old Nottingham pl»yor, 22, finely got, J. Cox 21. Tarrant made » most splendid running catch at long leg, with one hand, from a hard hitof Tommy Wills. Tlio Twenty-two wero beaten in one innings. Score: —England, first innings, 310. Ballaaret, first innings, lit; eeconcl innings, 4a. Alter me match, Mr. Grace won a handicap foot race, 100 yardB ; also a match with Mr. J. Mount, a younger brothor of tho celebrated anuteur ruo nor, Mr. L. L. Mount. iThs ground was well attended, and the weather fino, although very cold the first day. No. XVIIf; — Tnn Farewell Matoh. — The Eluvek v. Twesty-tvto of Vic toria, Played at Melbourne, 21st, 22nd, ahd 23rd Arniu — Umpires : For Ene land, Canar; for Victoria, J. Smith, of tho R.C.C.— Captains : England, Georgo Parr; Vic toria, T. W. Wills — This, whioh would havo proved a most interesting and exciting match, was unfortunately a drawn one, on account of tho wot weather. The colony wns very fairly repre sented on tho occasion, a good selection of players having been mr.de. The ground was considerably against tho Elevon, ns it wa3 so heavy and doad that tho ball would not run. On the second day henvy rain stopped the play. Saturday n slight nliower fell, the afternoon being fine, and about 50C0 persons present. The wickets wero changed afcor each innings. Tho Elevon won the toss, and p-tt tho Victorirns io. Bryant played a fino innings for 15, and Grcavci 13. Makinson showed Bomo fine, cricket for hU 12, making a splendid square leg hit. Sweenoy wn.i in a long while for his 14, and Tait Rot hia runs (14) very well. Stewart mado a splendid drive from Jack son in his 10. Wills scored 10, and Phillips, of Eist Melbourne, a yonug and promising playor, displayed good defence, carrying his bat out for 10\. The innings olosed for 159. Jactison got ten wicke's, Tarrant five, Tinley two, and Cafiyn two. On tho part of England, Tarrant and Graco were soon disposed of, and Hayward only cot 3. uauyn piayoa a ucaumui innings oi iv, una George Parr ono equally good for 25 ; lie was howled by an underhand ball from A'Beckett. Carpenter got the highest score, but ho gave two chnncts, the first when had scorod 3 runs only. Anderson hit well for 19; Wills displayed great judgment in his disposi tion of tha Cold nnd cbangea of bnwling. The total Bcoro of tbo E even waa 131, or 19 runs behind. In tbo second Innings of tho Victorians, Wardill playod a splendid innings— playing Tarrnnt's torrlfic bowline; in fino style; ho W9b caught uut --y Tarraut, fiom a hard drive baok to the bowler— a wonderful catch. 'WardiH scored 15; Greaves made a fino square leg hit, from Jackaon, the ball being lost in the pavilion, and is probably now treasured by tho lucky finder in memory of the bit. Cosstiok, also, hit! a ball from Jackson on to the roof of tho Pavilion stand ; ho got 18 runs in fino hitting stylo. Makinson again played Tarrant well ; but few othcrj could do anything with him. It was magnificent bowling, ho being evidently on his mottlo at his last appearance. Hayward's long fstopping was alto very flue. Seventeen wickolB had fallen, whon time was called, for P3 runs. Much icjret was expressed at its bfcing drawn; but it wonld hnvo been lmposslMo to piny it nut, as Monday waa very wet. Scoro :— England, first inninga, 131. Viotoria, first innings, 150; second innings, 83, with four wickets to fa)'. Drawn inatou. 