WALLACE OF THE CREEK AS A POET. To the Editor of the South Bourke Standard. SIR,--I could have put up with your com- mitting suicide, for you being a public cha- racter it really matters very little to private individuals like myself whether you live in this world and die in the next, or not. I could even have put up with the postpone- ment of the publication I announced was be- ing prepared, but for my double, whoever he is--that alter eqo--(who, by- the-bye, de- serves to be haltered for his pains) to bring me out again from my charming solitude into the garish world in which your paper circu- lates, and this time as a poet, is distressing to me in the extreme, as the sequel will show. Of this I am sure, my friends and neigh- bours will never give me the credit, or discredit, of being the composer of the tender effusions of Signor da Capo; when I assure them and you that before I ar- rived here, I must confess I was smitten with a desire to rival even the greatest masters of the art, but finding that my frenzy wanted stimulating, I purchased two pennyworths of Poetic fireworks, of a Chinese hawker of that article, and after swallowing them ac- cording to the directions of Confucius, given in wolly good Chinese on the label, I was safely delivered of the following ridiculamus, and which caused me very much to regret the little investment made, as above related They came to my Park, Sir, To have a lark, Sir, And by Saint Janus, Kicked down my Vanus; I presume in allusion to the last game of football played in the grounds opposite your office. These being the only verses I over wrote in my life-time in this particular metre, I prayed to the saints--I mean to the Nine Muses--to continue the inspiration as it had been vouchsafed to me, but in a loftier strain, when "ye Gods and little fishes," the aforesaid fireworks took a totally different and most unexpected effect on me, for they exploded, and with such force, that I was sent far away into the realms of space, and I had the mor- tification of flying at a hurricane rate-- it be- ing one of Saxby's days--bang over Mount Parnassus, and, instead of being comfortably lodged there, as I expected, in a sort of Tem- ple Court there is just on the very summit of, that lofty region, amongst Shakespeare, Mil- ton, and other geniuses of that sublime order, and where I fondly thought I should have been provided for during the remainder of my now unnatural life, the Janitors of the shrine did not even attempt to arrest me in my mad but poetic career, I suppose because they con- sidered it had been too brief to warrant my admission to that BAR: so on they let me go, and the velocity with which I am still being hurled through the "circumambient space" is something terrific; and if, as I suppose, my motion will be perpetual, there is of course not the remotest chance of my ever coming down again to mother earth--at least as I was in the flesh; so you see, like poor Charles the First, in one of Calvert's alma- nacs for 1850 odd, I have been murdered twice in my life, and in both cases through you and your poet. May his foot never rest on Mount Parnassus. My son--he is the Athléte, not I--will, however continue to receive all subscriptions, and all the short and long--some very long-- outstanding accounts due to the interesting publications your correspondent alludes to and also for the Deniliquin Chronicle, for which pastoral fluvial paper I was in my life time the duly authorised and highly respected agent--office, 56 Chancery lane. Be sure to insert this part out of respect to my memory, and for the benefit of my large family, and be good enough not to charge for it as as an adver- tisement, as my said son might object to pay for it. My written remains, histories, &c.;, are left at the cottage on the Creek, and, of course, the printing of them will be nego- tiated for by some enterprising publisher of serious literature. My widow--if visible for the enormous quantity of weeds in which another flying (don't omit the f) spirit tells me she enve- lopes herself in the day time, so that her out- ward grief for my departure may be seen-- might be inclined to let them go a bargain, as I know she wants the room they take up for dairy purposes, and they might become distributed with her butter, and the world be thus partially deprived of the treat I pro- mised it, besides others which "ye wot not of." Yours, as I am, THE GHOST OF WALLACE OF THE CREEK. In the clouds, Saturday night. P.S., 12 p.m.--I am just now at such an enormous altitude that I find the air more rarefied than when on the loftiest Cordillera of the Andes. My ink-pot--I alway carry one when traveller under any circumstances \--has dried up, and I have barely enough of the fluid left to address this, my last, very last, letter to you. I shall drop it any how, and heartily wish you may get it. Post P.S.--As the blood is beginning to ooze out of my nose, ears, &c.;, &c.;, I make use of a little of it to say FARE- WELL; and be sure not to forget to see about the Brass monument, though perhaps the widow or my son, would prefer having the cost of one in ready Tin. Picked up on the borders of the Red Sea, and forwarded by an eminent Marine Insur- ance agent. [It is pretty evident that the Chinese crackers are "too many" for Mr. Wallace. The Chinese doctrine of transmigration of souls let us hope will enable him to dwell again on the earth in some more presentable and comely form than he appears to have left it, according to his own account. If so, and that his unshaven beard may wag more mer- rily, we shall welcome him in either the flesh or spirit to Hawthorn. At present, his is one of the spirits we wish to see laid, although we have contributed to make him more fa- mous and more popular than any wight of his day. In compliment to his dear departed spirit--which is sure neither to rest in peace or space--and to his mythologically Confu- ciused communication, on Saturday last--the anniversary of his friend, prototype, and countryman, Guy Fawkes--we expended the price of a South Bourke Standard on Chinese crackers to his never-to-be-lamented memory. \--Ed. S. B. S.] 