THE REV. JOHN GRAHAM. (From the Patriot, April 7. ) I THE fluty,otisupplying Christian teachers to those whom we suffered to go forth to fulfil what is a great mission of our race has long pressed upon the conscience of our Churches ; and many able and faithful minutes, men of weight and standing in the old country, have been induced to go forth to bear their part in the great, chef inestimably important work of the Christian leavening of the new. We could mention the names of many faithful servants of Christ, who have left their homes, their happy and successful spheres of duty, to devote themselves to the arduous and to them most self-sacrificing work of evangelization in new and half-settled colonies. Some have fallen in the field, and others come to from time to time with earnest and urgent demands for fresh labourers to carry on the glorious work. The Colonial Missionary Society has pitched its standard high in seeking men, to send, forth to our various colonies. Instead of accepting those who, having partially failed here, might be willing to try their fortune in a new world, it has for years past sought out men of mark and power-mea occupying successfully important spheres, in England, and has pressed I upon them the claims of the colonies. It has succeeded in inducing not a few of this class to leave churches dearly attached to them, to preach the Gospel in new lands yet more sorely in need of such ministry than 'even our own. We;>hojd those men to be worthy of all honour, all ey are fulfilling our ministry; they are paying our debt. If we are debtors to the whole world for Christ's sake, most emphatically sure we debtors to our own children to preach to them the Gospel. All honour to the faithful men who have felt the full force of the obligation, and have gone forth on this apostolic errand! But it isnorefiec tion on them to say that the departure of the Rev. John Graham, of Craven Chapel, to undertake the pastoral care of the church at Sydney, in the most important and promising mission which we have yet had to chronicle A preacher of singular power, the pastor of one of our largest and most influential churches, a man in the very zenith of his popularity and success, he has forsaken all, and gone forth a stranger into a strange land, because the cry, "Come over and help us," sounded so importunately in his ears, that he could not answer it to his Master to refuse He goes out as one of our very foremost men, and in the very prime of his powers and we cannot but believe that his influence there, and the work which he will accomplish, will amply justify bath, his decision and our hopes. A man of higher character and nobler powers we could not send them, and a man more able to be a great master in Israel among them they could not receive. Not that he goes forth as the agent of any society, or the messenger of any church or churches. He goes on the invitation of the church in Sydney, and on an entirely independent basis. Still there is a higher sense in which he is the messenger of all the churches. They attend him with their prayers ond<sympathies, they feel that he is discharg- ing their obligations, they are profoundly thankful that a man of such power and promise will be there to represent their principles, and they will h til with a hearty joy the tidings of his success. VALEDICTORY SERVICES AT CnwEN CHAPEL. On Thursday evening a valedictory service in connection with the Rev. John Graham's departure for Sydney was held in Craven Chapel, when that building was crowded in every part. S. Morley, Esq., occupied the chair, supported by Dr. Ferguson and the Revs. J. L. Poore, Baldwin Brown, W. Lindsay, James Stratton, A. M. Henderson, J. Guthrie, N. Hall, W. Statham, and others. The Chairman said I have come here in order to express the very deep personal respect I entertain towards the honoured friend who for some years has been the pastor of this church ; yet, with very mixed feelings in reference to the engagements of this, evening, feelings far more of sympathy than of congratula- tion in reference to the event. It is, indeed, a very solemn thing to be present at the cessation of such a connection, as has existed between Mr. Graham and the church of Craven Chapel. I have looked at the decision which our honoured friend has arrived at with great care and much thought ; I have contrasted the claims of London with the claims of Australia; and I have concluded that there never was a tree when really true, men were more needed in London and in England than they, are to-day; And when I look at the claim of London, the work that ought to be done in this great city, assure you it had been with exceeding difficulty that I have been able to come to the conclusion arrived at by/mr dear friend. But I am here; to-night, to testify my opinion, and, looking at the purity of the motive which has evidently actuated that honoured friend, I am prepared With all my heart to wish him 'God-speed in the great and solemn enterprise to which' he is is prepared to devote himself. I am quite sure that the claims of the colonies have been to a large extent, or rather too much dis- regarded by us, I believe that as to our entire Colonial empire, there is no portion of it that has stronger claims than the Australian colonies; and still believe that of the Australian colonies Sydney is, beyond all doubt the most influential, position to which any minister can be removed, in God's providence, Hear, ' hear.) It is, in fact, the big heart, the sensations of which are felt, and will be felt in; proportion as there it is power in that position, throughout the extremities of that great district. I, am here, also to express gratitude to Mr. Graham for long and most valuable co-operation in many of the engagements in which some of us are deeply interested the object of which has been the advancement of the social and spiritual condition of our population to express the sincere and hearty personal esteem which I entertain for him and my earnest desire that God's blessing may continue to rest, as it has evidently rested in past years upon his labours for the good of others. I should he j thankful to feel that as the result of this evening's meeting many minds now disturbed and in doubt as to the decision of our dear friend, have been led to acquiesce in it. I would further fervently express hope that the church connected with Craven . escaped might (remain united that harmony may exist amongst them,', and that aB^çhfferepces of opinion that may and, naturally will arise will not be allowed ,to'disturb''that united action of the members of this i church; Which depend upon- it, 'Will receive a blessing, and which, Iitxusty will lead, to an early choice of a minister, who shall continue in the men important sphere the work which has been, so largely, and, through so long a course of years, bleWd joy our Heavenly Father.' I have been struck by a remark by one of our. friends connected with the Colonial Mis ¡eionaryjSocietyj whostated-andlnowrefer to it as encouraging the idea that this great step of our dear friend should be looked at in the kindest possible' spirit-that is no case where a church has been a will long party to the removal of J its pastor to important ? spheres in our great colonial empire has, there been long delay in a happy and satiafactory,se>ttlement of a succeeding pastor to the charge. I hope with all my heart that that will be the case,' dear friends, with -your earnestly trust that Mr. Graham, his beloved wife, and child may be long spared to each other, and that every party to the transaction of this evening may, be learn subsequent years to look back' with feelings of satisfaction in reference to it. (Cheers.) The Rev. A. M Henderson said he was present M one of the oldest friends of their esteemed brother, who was about to vacate the, position, of pastor of that place, and to go to the ends, of the earth to promote the same work he had been engaged in here. He had known Mr. Graham as a friend for seventeen years, and had watched his career through ; all that time, and the manner in which God had blessed him. There was one thing which every one present would appreciate, and which he had always admired the peculiar manner in which their friend sought to set forth the, Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ with lithe earnestness of i his- heart and soul. He rejoiced that Mr. Graham was about to embark for New South Wales, and bade him God-speed. The Rev. J. L. Poore, of Australia, next addressed the assembly. After a few introductory remarks he said that he had lived more than ten years in Australia and knew it well, / and he saw in those different colonies trie germs of empires and powerful states (hear, hear-and they sought to leave them with the Gospel of Christ. Already, five independent colonies' existed in Australia, besides the one in Tasmania and the colony of New Zealand. Nearly a million and a half of people were gathered on these coasts, and there they had the beginning, of great states, carrying on already their own legislative functions, and managing their own internal affairs. Thoughtful men. would feel how exceedingly important it was that true < principles of civil and religious liberty should there take root, that the good and worth of this grand old land should be reproduced in those countries that Britain might never be ashamed of her children on the other side of the globe. (Hear, hear.) Therefore it was that they who were interested in the, spiritual welfare should anticipate the glorious future which was to dawn upon the world by reason of the preach- ing of the Gospel. Sydney was already an important town, with a large population, considering the total number found in that colony. It exercised a mighty influence already. It was not to be expected that they here should appreciate that influence, that they here should, be intimately acquainted with what went on in those comparatively small communities ; but they who were there saw how powerfully they could act alike for liberty and religion, for the truth i of God and for the uprising of their fellow-men and in asking Mr Graham to go forth they had no doubt, no misgivings, as to his capability of service or the great good that he might accomplish in those lands. The church in Sydney had a good history. It was not founded by Dr. Ross, but he went forth to it when it was in an infant state. Dr. Ross had acquired for himself a name and a character as a missionary in Russia and as a pastor in Kidderminster, when he was asked to go forth and take charge in Sydney of the little church. He laboured on, and laboured long enough to see there reared a large place of worship, a full congregation gathered, and a most effective church ready for every good word and work, In asking Mr. Graham to go forth to that position they asked him to go, not merely as the pastor of that church, but as the servant of Christ, for the good of the whole land, Sydney is the port of New South Wales, and thence influence for good radiated into the interior From Pitt-street and the sister churches in Sydney, large resources were drawn to carry forward the work of evangelisation in that land and from the beginning that church had stood honourably connected with the great missionary, enterprises in the South Seas. To the port missionary ships came ever and anon, bringing home warn and weary labourers, or from it they went forth taking ' new men to the work, and carrying stores of various kinds to the teachers scattered throughout ; those islands; so that Sydney, in a missionary view, was, the gate of the South Seas. They who had to do with the appeal to (Mr Graham had no misgivings. Not rashly, not heedlessly had they gone about the work 1 in this work, he believed was under the guidance of the Spirit of God. When in June last, he was commissioned by the church in Sydney to obtain for them a pastor in this country, he asked that the Rev. Dr. Halley, the Rev. Mr. Binney, Mr. James Spicer, and Mr. B. Lloyd might be associated with himself as a council for reference and advice. These four gentlemen received letters communicating their app intment nearly three months before he reached this country ; but, when he landed, not one of them had a likely name to suggest. He had not, his we ever, been in London forty. eight hours before a hint was given to him that Mr. Graham was the right man to be asked. He had thought of another London pastor ; but the appeal was immediately made to Mr. Graham, and the answer they had in the meeting that night. Mr. Poore concluded by stating that he had no doubt as to Mr. Graham's future usefulness, or that the blessing of God would come upon the church now submit ing to the deprivation they were called to suffer. (Cheers.) The Rev. James Stratten was next introduced to the meeting by Mr. Graham. The venerable man addressed the assembly from his chair, and his remarks were audible hut to a small portion of those present. He remarked that the spirit was willing, but the flesh' was weak. He said that as Mr. Graham had never regretted leaving Ireland for Craven chapel, he believed he would never regret leaving Craven for Sydney, He stated that the church there was founded, thirty-two years ago, by Mr. Foss. ' He trusted that, God's goodness and mercy would follow Mr. Graham as they had followed him hitherto. The Rev. J. Graham was received with loud cheers. He said: My dear Sir, and my dear Christian friends This is to me an all but overwhelmingly solemn occasion. Somewhat less than nine years ago a large assembly, but not so large as this, met to welcome me and to recognise me as the minister of this congregation, and the pastor of this church. There were venerable forms present then that are not present with us to-night and one of my most hallowed associations with Craven Chapel shall ever be my succeed- ing Dr. Lñfchild, my receiving a recognition charge from him on that occasion, and my subsequent meeting with him I had almost said sitting at his feet-at the table of the Lord in our Sabbath gatherings in Craven Chapel. I remember how the venerable form occupied that! pulpit, and how the words of pathos, and power came from those fervent lips to me as I sat some five or six pews down there to receive his commands. But that venerable servant of God has disappeared from among us. His. influence remains his i vener- able, manly" saintly form lies still remembered by his friends here. "? But he has gone, his work being done, to be for ever with the Lord,, Another who was present that night was Dr. Monson, so long a distinguished minister in this city, and editor of the Evangelical Magazine. I remember with what simplicity, what fervour he that night spoke. Here, you. know, has gone, gone home to his eternal rest, | and I am thankful to say that his successor, successful in the same ministry, is here, to-night, and will by and by engage with us in prayers Another aged and distinguished brother in the Lord who spoke to us that night, and who -spoke to us to-night as he sat upon his chair, is present, and of all the honours done me by this gathering, I shall feel none greater when I think of this meeting than the honour of that aged brother coming out to this meeting, and speaking as he has done to me and of me to-night. r ''Hear,,' hear," and cheers.) I need not say, dear friends, that I feel, and deeply feel, the honour done me by the presence of our chairman, by the presence of so many brethren around me, and by the presence of so many true and warm and loyal hearts as are beating in this building, and ready to pray for my success-in assistant field. I deeply feel this. You see, my dear friends, now at a glance, what has led me to decide to go to that country, the importance of the great work to be done for God there, the fewness of the labourers there, had the opinion of my brethren that I was suitable to go there, and no one else appearing or volunteering that seemed to have suitable qualities to go to occupy the field of labour in Pitt-street chapel, Sydney. I have so fully laid before you in a paper-which X wrote for you and read to you my reasons for going there, that I shall not reiterate them to-night; and in the forthcoming report of the church you will find my address to the Church explaining somewhat farther my reasons. I think Incan lookup to God to-night, and say that I have tried to know the mind of the Spirit and if I am deceived, it is not willingly. In following what I believe to be its light, I have had nothing to bias me? Instead of temporal gain, I rather suffer loss. I have had nothing to beat me by a wayward wandering I fancy, seeking happiness elsewhere when I could not find it here, I havebeenhappV,| profoundly happy in the work off. God Jin "Craven. Chapel. I have ¡hadno/diatu»bance,,or)iri8Ubprdiua tion, of schism in this Church of God. I have had community concord, and affection, respect, and love from the, people, and, never do, I expect to find a people anywhere. with whom I shall have more peace and prosperity, to the work of enlightening the neigh- ' bourhood and converting! souls to God. i Yet, dear friends, "I believe I am called by Providence as well as the "Spirit of God. 'I I have, been led to study Australia till I am, more familiar with its i geography, its history, and its capabilities, than I am with those of England How is it I was led to do that? I believe by the Providence of God, I have been led to speak of that country on the plat- ' form, to urge others to contribute to it, and even to go to it. Now that a call appears to have come from God to myself, am I to shrink back into the rear rank lefChriBt's army, shrink. back into my comforts and associations at home, and < devolve the burden on others to go and preach the gospel inthe frontier land of Christianity r No, dear friends, I do not for were I to do so I should not he showing the spirit of a soldier or of a volunteer for Christ. Then, again, I have consulted the judgments of my brethren. and all, with scarcely an exception I, tell me that they think the field demands my labours They think I am suitable for it and in varied forms of speech they tell me this. Therefore, having for, months deliberated, I having prayed at midnight, noonday, and morning for guidance from God, and that I might not he per- mitted to make mistakes believing my Father, in Heaven would not allow me to make such a mistake, ? that if it were not His will I should go-lam here, my dear friends, to-night, as the result of that deli- beration to say that I am about to proceed next Monday morning to Australia, to set sail from Gravesend, and to devote my life, or such of life as God appears to indicate to me my duty, to the work of saving souls, edifying saints, and laying the foundations, of the kingdom of Jesus Christ in those distant nascent empires that are destined to exercise an influence on the Southern Hemisphere in coming years. I, therefore, give you this explanation to console your affec- tions and satisfy your judgments, and to ask you, dear friends, to pray that God may make my mission to be what I hope it shall be, and as I believe, that the greatest work of my little life remains before me to be done in Australia and you will rejoice to hear that God has prospered me there, as I shall rejoice to hear that he has prospered you here. (Cheers.) After singing a hymn, the Rev. Thomas James offered up prayer commending Mr Graham to God. Mr. Killen, one of the deacons, then read the following address, which was beautifully written and encased in handsome covers : .' To THE REV. JOHN GRAHAM. Rev. and dear Sir-We the members of the church and congregation, assembling in Craves Chapel, have received with the deepest regret, your resignation of the pastorate. i ' We are persuaded that nothing but a deep sense of duty in obedience to what you believe to be the voice of God, calling you to another sphere of labour, would have led you to withdraw from a church where your ministrations have been so abundantly blessed, and where your union with the people has been cemented by much pastoral inter- course and hallowed affection " Recognising as we do, the will of the Lord, we accept your resignation, assuring you of bar sincere love, and esteem, and of our high appreciation of your earnest and successful labours amongst us for a period of nearly nine years. r " You have through God's blessing been largely instrumental in reviving the cause of Christ in Craven Chapel, t front, a comparatively low ebb, to its former state of spiritual prosperity. Our various societies owe much of their efficiency to your successful appeal on their behalf, to your wise counsels and watchful oversight. The church has been edified, and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, has been greatly multiplied.' Tour labours have not been confined to your own congregation. Many weak churches In our dear m mation have been benefited by your ready aid. You have been a co-worker with beloved and honoured brethren of the various Evangelical! denominations in preserving the Gospel is the name and theatres of our million peopled' city; our colleges and schools have had a large share of your earnest efforts; our Missions, Home, Colonial, and Foreign, have ever found you an earnest advocate. The great world-wide interests of, civil and, religious freedom have not failed to receive from you most hearty sympathy. All your ministrations have been characterised by a prominent exhibition of the Gospel of the grace of God, which has proved itself the power of God unto sal- vation to many that have believed. We fully concur in the sentiments recently expressed by Lord Shaftesbury, waits presiding over a great meeting in Exeter Hall, that you have, held the Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible, to be the rule of life, and the way of everlasting salvation.' With Um and that assembly we earnestly pray that you may be the honours! Instrument I of leading thousands and tens of thousands to the knowledge and love of the Gospels' in the land of your adoption. , ' before you depart for your distant field of labour, we with to present you with the accompanying gift, as a token of the esteem and love of a people among whom you have spent many happy and prosperous days. "to Mrs. Graham, who, by her amiability and eminently Christian character, has greatly endeared herself to all the members of the church, we tender our most cordial regards and love. In all the varied departments of our benevolent operations she has over lent a wise and willing hand. We request her acceptance of the cocoa panting memento of the esteem in which she has been held by us. And now, dear Sir, we commend you, and your dear wife, and beloved child, to the protection and blessing of Almighty God ; with the earnest prayer that He may give His angels charge over you to keep you in all your ways ; and, at last, present you faultless before the presence of His Glory with exceeding joy.' " Signed on behalf of the church and congregation. " JOHN'CUTTINOI EDWARD M. BARDEN, JOSEPH KEEP KIITIN, JAMES A DENBY, I JOHN K. MUMMERY, ' GsonoE A. NODES, JOHN H.' THOUNCEK, M.D., j JUST AS ALEXANDER, J . Deacons." Mr. Kilpin having presented Mr. Graham with a purse of gold, increased by subsequent additions to £260, and a gold watch and chain for Mrs. Graham, Mr. Graham spoke as follows M Mir dear friends, -I should not have the heart of either a Christian man or a Christian minister, could I receive unmoved your valuable presentation and still, more valuable address. Few Nonconformist minister are rich in this world's wealth ; there are reasons known to myself v. hy I never have been and am not likely ever to be rich in earthly treasures. Some of you I suppose know this and, therefore, while giving me a tangible proof of your regard you have done som the way most likely to benefit myself and family. Your gift shall be sacredly devoted to this purpose and I thank you for it as the golden expression of a love far dearer to me than gold, (Cheers.) For the address I thank you much more. While it is the expression of a love that no doubt overlooks my defects and magnifies my services, no- one can hear it read, I think, without admiring the Christian sobriety and godliness of its spirit, as well as the brevity of its expression and the compre- hensiveness of its range. I find it impossible in equal space to reply to all the kind things it says. (Cheers.) But first of all legendary, I dare not appropriate all the praise it gives. I, am conscious, of having had earnest desire, and of having put forth earnest effort to save and, serve the souls of men in this place. But, of (toy and all success I have had I desire from my heart to give all the praise to the God of my ministry and salvation. Not unto me, not'' Unto me, but unto my blessed, Master be all the praise of any good thrive done, "You accept," you say, to my resignation with the deepest regret It is, I assure you, with the' deepest regret have resigned the pastorate of this church. You kindly express your belief that was only a deep sense of duty in obeying what 'I' believe to be the voice of God, that induces me to take a step which must sever me fromithe.flookjOf.Christ here. , I thank you for generously giving me credit for a right motive in this change. I have tried to consult only the will of God in' this step ; I dare not boast of un- mixed purity of motive ; yet I have tried to keep a conscience void of offence towards God in this matter and I trust I have done? I do believe God calls: me to arduous service, at a far distant post of duty. The sacrifice of feeling involved in this I leave to the estimate of Him whose judgment errs not. Here I have had every element of prosperity and happiness and I shall ever thank God that He directed my steps to Craven Chapel. Next Lord's day it will be exactly nine years since I preached my first sermon in this pulpit ;,- and though I have isoñetes been worn with work, and have not been without trials and / cares yet these nine' years have been, the most continuously happy of the years of my life or ministry. This has risen chiefly from the fact you notice-the blessing of God on my ministry in converting souls and building, up He church here while I have been enabled to do something for the wider interest of i schools, colleges, and missions,' You, of dear friends, who have had the best opportunity of know- ing the results- of my stated labours in this place, have referred in highly approbatory terms to the success of my ministry here, ' God has been pleased to give me success in the preaching of His Word. The amount and explicitness of that success has often made we wonder, and adore in presence of the/mercy'that stooped so low as toylike me its instrument in reconciling men to God. J. When repeatedly hearing letters read, in which the writers attributed their conversion to my preaching;,' jury heart has been overwhelmed with a consciousness of its own defects before God, and I have only said Neither is he that planteth anything, neither he that watered, but Still that giveth the increase.' Yet it would be false humility not to confess that, as you sav,mine>haj been an earnest and Evangelical ministry I have felt something of the momentous responsibilities of' One, who is the herald of life, and salvation to dying men. within it is an unalterable convrctionj'Because a personal constant experience, that God's favour and love alone can far the human, spirit's receptivity of happiness. < I have J looked on our congregation as deathless capacities (o'be filled with the fulness of God, or, to remain empty and wretched fat ever. I have therefore with earnestness cried, '.' Oh, every one that thirtieth come to the living waters When souls are brought to Christ they, are to be agents, as well as recipients of salvation and I have tried to enlist them in God's work as soon as I saw what work they could do. If this church has a prominent characteristic, it is in the number and activity of its associations for doing good. These I have tried to help by as much personal attention as I could give, but especially through the pulpit, which I believe to be the minister's most effective force. By keeping steadily before the people the great quickening themes of the Gospel r by preaching Christ Jesus the Lord in His laborious life, and vicarious death, and exalted reign by inculcating the duty and privilege of benevolent working for God and man; by insisting on, secret prayer for the supplies of the Holy Spirit, I have tried to feed and direct the activities of a church that from its origin has been taught to give liberally and work earnestly for God is this fallen world. What I have seen of your labours, as well as what I have this evening heard from your address, I gives me the joyful assurance that I have not laboured in vain. (Cheers ) Mr. Graham concluded by thank- ing his congregation for their kindness to Mrs. T Graham and to his little boy as well as himself. A The Rev. Baldwin Brown said that he had travelled j far to be present at that meeting-to express his great v affection and esteem for Mr. Graham; and his sense of the fitness of the step he was about to take. In his opinion he was about to take a most noble and Christ- I like step. We had sent to Australia many of our ". worst, it was right that we should send them some of our best, men ; in Mr. Graham we were going to send them one of our very best. (Cheers.) The Rev. J. Guthrie presented a brief address from a Tolmei's-square Chapel, to which Mr. Graham briefly , responded. The Rev William Landels said he had been asked to say something about Australia, to which land he was profoundly glad that Mr. Graham had consented to go. He believed Australia had a future before it such as could be predicated of no other country in the world. It would be peopled throughout ; it would become the seat of important manufactures. Its proximity to China, New Zealand, and the archipelago of the Indian Ocean and the South Seas, would make it a most influential centre-the centre of all missionary operations in the southern hemisphere, as, indeed, it was, to some extent already. There Non- conformists were net under the cold shade of a favoured sect ; there they might and did reach the centre of society, and their principles must tell upon the people. Well, then, it might be said to him, if you took in such a good land and important sphere, why do you not go? (Laughter.) Because, in the first place, Regent's Park Chapel was a new chapel, and the congregation being so recently formed, could not spare their pastor so well as that at Craven Chapel. Next, hard as they might find it to obtain a successor for Air. Graham, it would be harder still in the Baptist denomination to find a pastor for Regent's Park Chapel; but principally, whereas Mr. Graham was going out to an important settled congregation that must have a pastor, and that speedily, he Mr. Landels had been asked to go out to sound's new congregation, and that was a task that might, at least to wait a year or two. But he expected he should pay a visit to Australia before long, and, therefore, he would not say to Mr. Graham " good-bye" as they: did ; he hoped he should greet him again, in the summer of 1865, perhaps, and clasp his hand in that distant land. (Cheers.) The Rev. Newman Hall expressed in very warm terms his friendship for Mr. Graham, and testified to the value of his abundant labours in London. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, and the meeting concluded about ten o'clock, with singing i and prayer. . A distressing shipwreck has taken place near Castle- town, in the Isle of Man, of A schooner struck at Port I Iron, about five miles off Castletown,' and the lifeboat of that harbour was sent round, but before she could I arrive the schooner had foundered with all hands on ¡ I board.' ' j 