THE SOUL OF EDUCATION. AN ESSAY. [FROM THE PROSE PEN OF THE WOOLLAHRA HERMIT.] "He who cannot reason is a fool; he who dare not reason is a coward; he who will not reason is a bigot; but he who can and dare reason is a MAN." GIVEN the latitude aud longitude of the separating neutrals between the educated and uneducated classes. Given how, where, by whom? I am under the impression that all men are educated, the truthfulness of which I suppose to be patent in facts, not theories. Admitting that the world is a lunatic asylum, and all its inhabitants more or less moon-smitten, I do not conceive that the schoolmen's denial of this liberal impression is any proof of their exclusive possession of the subject of this Essay. They are too overwhelmed with petty details to understand a general truth, and know very little of broad and fixed principles. If this announcement shock the electro-nervous force of my learned opponents, let them set it down to the philosophy of disease, and await the rationale of its cure. They must submit to mesmerism, I being the operator duly accomplished. Well, then, I WILL to introduce to their imaginings Kooshebooguac Rishibuctoo, Esquire, O.N.P., an aboriginal noble, of British North America,--eyes black and piercing; hair long, coarse, straight, and of brilliant jet; form herculean ; mien erect and philosphically commanding ; garment an old blanket. The initials appended to his name imply One of Nature's Peers; from the crown of his war-scalp to the soles of his mocassins, he is individuality, positively and negatively--he is Kooshebooguac Rishibuctoo himself--his first person singular being nomina- tive case to any verb you please, whether to be, to do, or to suffer. Can he read? Yes, the Volume of Nature. Can he write? Yes, hieroglyphics on rocks and shells and trees. He can trail man or beast through the pathless wilderness where he has never before ventured, swim rivers, and traverse mountains, unencumbered with the trappings of civilised ex- plorers,--kill a bear in the evening twilight, sup on its flesh and sleep in its skin, the earth his bedstead, and the sky his curtains. The sun by day, and the stars and aurora borealis by night, with the ghosts of his fathers,-- have taught him geography, astronomy, history, et hoc genus omne. He is innocent, doubtless, of what European elite regard as the 'elegancies of life,' and never has heard of telescopes, sextants, microscopes, thermometers, barometers, hygrometers, theodo- lites, rain- guages, railroads, telegrams, printing presses, libraries, harps and pianos; but, do not, I pray you, compare your scholastic dyspepticships-gentlemen with two-legged health walking at freedom. Never mind the costume, but look at the man! Is he not educated? Is he not superior to all your odium theologicum? Next to my principal character, allow me to introduce one Anthropophagus, as an educational specimen in tenebrosum. I wish to show that the genus of my subject moves and flows, vadit et fluit, in agreeable variety. Chaque pays a ses coutumes. Do not insult my New Zealand savage by calling him cannibal, if you do he will most decidedly retort upon you the epithet Allelophagi; for being in a psychological state, he will publish truth from the oracle operating--in other words, he will utter truth from this brain of mine, for I know that you all subsist by devouring the substances that were once your progenitors. Former generations passing into edibles are dished up as dainties for your digestion. Do not hint of blood to my Anthropophagus. He would growl back black puddings, and ask you which is the cleaner animal, a pig or a man? I am apprehensive, too, of angry allusions to the wringing of necks, as per market fowls, (see the fifteenth chapter of the Acts of the Apostles.) Having myself embraced the vegetarian system, it may be that I am not a qualified judge of eating the corpse of any thing. To me the dead carcase of beast or bird is--pray don't mention it!--augh!-- corruption! You boast your civilisation, gentlemen. I have experienced far more civility among the red men of the wilderness than ever I did among erudite Englishmen. Friendship with Indians is held inviolate--with you it is but a conventional term. They love religiously--you hypocritically. Their laws are immutable, and easily understood--yours are ever changing labyrinths, wholly inexplicable. Pray, then, define the superiority of English education. Tell me distinctly which patois you mean,--Cornish, Devonshire, Yorkshire, or Lunnun. Thee knows I'ze Devon. Think not to triumph with rhetorical flourishes of polished circles. Polish, you know, is somewhat dependent on the qualities of leather as well as blacking. As to what sort of blacking best brightens the human understanding there are various conjectures. Some give the palm to Day and Martin; some to Cambridge; and some to Oxford. I postpone the announcement of my Excelsior. An English education, per se! What an Encyclopædia! French, Italian, German, Latin, Greek, Hebrew, et cætera, et cætera, Each grain making the dose much bitterer for doctors and patients, and no cure effected, although the fees are so very exorbitant. What has all this to do with the Philo- sophy of Life? Tutors ex officio may be compared to very respectable washerwomen. They are starching and crimping juvenile collars, to be ever worn by growing intellect, by no means elastic, but quite the reverse--as if a system of compression were warring against the conception and birth of any original thought. Every patch of mental soil is rigidly enclosed with a six-rail fence--staked, and ridered, and sown with social, civil, political, and religious seeds that can only yield a harvest of humbug. What are the choicest book-worms, I pray you? Why, tailored en ton they are genteel apes! Nothing more. See that artificial being, a shadow of humanity, with a diamond ring upon his finger and a gold chain dangling from his breast, See him strutting down the street, and compute his total value. Ascertain what his broadcloth, his linen, his gloves, his cravat, his hat, his boots, and his stockings, with his watch and his ring, cost him, and you have the sum total. Parliaments result in erroneous estimates of education. All our boasted institutions have started from wrong data. Youths should be instructed in the bona fide philosophy of life. The belles lettres and the classics are sorry substitutes for a knowledge of the physical, organic, intellectual, and moral laws. Few men really know how to live--how to get an honest living. Fewer are acquainted with the laws of hygiene. The 'People of Civi- lisation,' so called, eat, drink, dress, indulge, fret, ape, drug, and slave themselves to death. Could man understand his yet un- attained, but attainable, self, and make life the text, and books but the commentary, what a glorious sermon he might preach! Am I taxed with presumption? My best congé to Messieurs the Schoolmen. There is a piquancy and charm in being affably unique. Au revoir! (To be continued.) ERRORS IN MODERN EDUCATION.--Much of the educational labour of the present day is sadly wasted. It must be confessed that few scholars learn too much in any college or other school that we know of; but their studies are apt to be of a nature that precludes the possibility of their employment for good results. We hold, in short, that a child should be taught those things first that he is to use first. When he has learned the things that are to feed, clothe, house, and amuse him--the four absolute necessities of mundane existence--he may aspire to be as learned--as well as "stuffed with dead men's brains"--as he pleases. The rule is, however, to cram a certain number of studies down the pupil's intellectual throat, so to speak, with- out the slightest regard to the question of how much practical benefit he may derive from them hereafter. Hebrew, for instance, is a good language to understand; there is some good reading in Hebrew, and one gets some curious bits of knowledge, in the way of derivations, &c.;, from studying it; but how many persons can afford the time and exertion necessary to a mastery of the language, just for the sake of reading "Josephus" in the original, and discovering the root of a word here and there. Well with the great majority of persons, Latin and Greek are equally useless, and many other now "popular branches" might also be named in the same category. The reason why self- educated men are so capable and successful, is that they only learn what they need, and employ in useful labours the long years that some spend in acquiring great piles of dead facts which they are never able to use at all. We believe that a good system of Industrial Schools, would be productive of results as startling as beneficial, and that a few generations thus educated would show the world a sudden stride of progress such as has rarely been recorded in history. In a school where all kinds of work were performed, the student would have an opportunity to choose the walk of life that attracted him most, and that he would, therefore, bebest qualified to enter upon. In pursuing his chosen profession, he would devote himself to self-perfection in that one branch, and would study only the systems that applied directly hereto. Will not some of our philanthropists consider the good that such an educational movement would do for the millions that are yet to make or mar this broad continent of ours? 