ANECDOTE OF AN ELECTION TO THE TABIB UOVAT. ACADEMY. The Academy has just made itself ridiouloos by oasttng no lese that ten consecutive votes without reaching to the dfgnlty of an eleotion. Three candidates are in the field, and the votes, thus divided, have failed to yield, for either of the three, tbe proportional majority required to con stitute the eleotion of a new member of the illustrious conclave. It ie impossible for any one who has not had j tbe opportunity of seeing tbe thing witb hia own eyes { to imBEine the amount of importance which is attributed ia France, snd especially in Paris, to the possession of one of the academic arm- chairs. To be a member of the institute founded by Riohelicu seems to be tbe ono darling dream of every literary writer in the oountry, just as to be a Minister eeeme to be the pet ambition of every political one. Englishmen, with their mote sober appreciation of each distinctions, can hardly Imagine bow intense is this lunging in French minds, or how beatific tbe satisfaction, of evety fortunate candidate for the coveted honour. Not only does the newly- elected occupant of an academic foot stool at once assume a tell-tale air of enforced humility, a sort cf manner that says so plainly 'I'm trying hard sot to seem elated by my glorious posi tion,' which is ten timsB more expressive of vainglorious satisfaction than would be all honest etrut, aud a nose rather higher in the air than usual ; bat every friend and acquaintance of tbe sew aoidemician seems to grow suddenly three inches taller on tbe strength of the event. For so great is the glory of the acalemlo seat, that it not only lifts Its ocoupant into a deml-god, but throws a dazzle cf reflected light upon all wbo are fortunate enough to be able 10 include the demigod among bis acquaintance. Eo absurdly ill-bestowed, hoirever, have been a good many of the famous arm-chairs, that many ludicrous re membrances have nestled under those venerable pieces of antique furniture. Among others that are much enjoyed by that portion of the public which has not the ghost of a chance of ever being admitted into ths Olympian precinct, and who consequently are fond of qoiezlsg the pretensions of thoBe who are withiu tbe sacred enclosure, is the little tale (perfectly authentic) which tells how a certain member, who has never written a line tn his life, good, bad, or Indiffjteat, bas come to hold cne of these illustrious chairs. It eeems that Mr. ? who is rich, and given to hospitality, paid, for several years, assiduous court to ths members of the immortal conclave, quietly contriving to make the equaiutauoe of every new tnan among them, as he had already mads that of the old ones, snd giving them no end of tbe moat delioious little dinnets — ibose delightful little repasts at which about half a dozen picked gourmands sit down together to di appre ciating justice to the triumphs of ths culinary art. M ? never seemed to think anything of these exquisite dinners, at whioh eaoh demigod was flattered so adrotll; that no one ever euspected the flattery, end war made to feel that he had conferred a favoot on host and hostess by deigning to take his nectar aud ambrosia at tbeir fable. This sort of thing went on for years, until allthe members of the aoademy had oome te look on the hospitable pair as accepted friends: 'Poor ? they would remark ; 'it is really a pity he should be suob s goose, for he is a thoroughly good creature, and his little dinners are positively delightful.' Madame ? , who ie both handsome end clevsr, always took a gently patronising tone towards ber husband, always attentive and kindly fn her manner to him, but making no seoret of her perfeo^ appreciation of his little Intellectual defects. One day, whsn an academic arm-ohair had just been va cated by a member called away by the inevitable doom, Madame suddenly presented herself at the house of one of tbe surviving members. ?' My dear M. de I- ? began the lady, ' I have a great favour to beg of you, and I know so well the good ness ol jour heart that I am sure I may count on obtain ing a favourable response to my prayer. I assure yon 1 would not prefer my little petition were 1 not oonvinced thatvhat I am going to begot you will not only prove a certain remedy for the infatuation under wbioh my poor husband bas so long labonred, but is really the only thing that oan vanquish this regrettable hallucination,' 'Dear Madame,,' replied M. de L— — , with evident surprise, ' 1 need not tell you how fully yen may command me in regard te anything lying within the oompass of my power.' 'In that oase,' interrupted Madame ? , 'my prayer is granted, for the service I am oome to beg Is not only within your power, but Is one whioh will tax your kindness only to tbe extent of one single word.' 'lou excite my curiosity ! ' cried M. del, ? ; ' this one word, if it depend upon me to speak it, shall certainly be spoken. But to what hallucination, eu the part ol our good and excellent friend, can you possibly refer : t never suspected tbe cxistenoe of anything of the kind In him .' ' 'Really!' replied the lady. ' Wbv, I supposed that ycu, like everyone else, was aware of the one unfortunate fancy of my poor dear husband. fie Is possessed with tbe idea that he may possibly be elected a member of the Aoademy. As nothing can be mors pre posterous than euoh an idea on his part, I have done my utmost, for the eake of sparing him any future disappoint ment, to show him how utterly impossible it must be for him, who has never written a fine in bis life, to obtain the votes which alone oan carry such an election, But the more 1 oppoee hie absurd and regrettable fancy, the more obstinately does he cherish it ; and I am really becoming apprehensive lest this fancy ehould degenerate into positive mania. '? But what oan I do to avert so distressing a danger,' enquired the Academioan. ' This fe my plan. As an eleotion is about to take place for a suooessor to tbe fauteuil leti vacant by the death of M. X — — , I have oome to beg you, when the vote Is taken, to inscribe my husband's name on your ttoket* Ae the loss of a single vote wilt not, probably, materially eflsot the sucoess of the real candidates, the thing will injure nobody, and my poor good husband, seeing that only a single vote has beeu recorded iu his favour, and that no one else has theueht of voting for him, will understand that your vote bae been given him simply as a mark ot your personal kindness to him, and will renounce an idle dream whose realisation he will feel to -be hopeless. 'I know my husband,' oontlnued the lady, ' and I am oertaln et tbe Buocess of the experiment.' M. de L ? , who was not a partisan of either of the ostsnsible candidates, and had a grateful reoolleotion of the ecores ot delightful dinners of which Madame ? had done the honours with so oharming a grace, thought he might ss well gratify her by doing her a service for which she was to anxlouB, and whloh would cost htm so little. So he gave the desired promise, and the lady teok ber leave, having first exaoted oi him a formal promise that he would religiously keep ber seoret, and let no one know that she bad preferred euoh a request. When ibe day for the ballot arrived, M. de L ? , as good sb his word, recorded his vots for tbe non-literary S'ver ol dinners, much amused, tn hfo own mind, at the onght of the merriment tbat wonld be caused to the other members of the august circle on seelog the name of U ? make its appearanoe eo unexpectedly from the urn. But what his slupefeotton, and that of the teat ef the aoademy, when the qesostor proclaimed the menm i'l ftl ? by a utiauiuioutt vote' TUe clcvi j wits had gone to taoh member of the Aoademy, ob* laiccd a promise of seotesy from eaoh, aud had then ob tained fiow Ofich, on Ibesame pretext, tbe same promts* to give bis vote to ber bnsband, for tbe purpose cf tfddfng blm of a ridiculous mania— all the members had kept the j promise so cunningly obtained ; and thus it happened that M ? en absolute ron-sntlly as far as Inlelleot or litera ture are concerned, bad the honour, almost without a parallel In the annals of aoadnmio voting, of being mate a demigod by a unanimous vote ! 