EXTRAORDINARY TRIAL., FOR MURDER IN FRANCE. For. ten days the people of France have been absorbed in watching a, remarkable trial at Toulouse. Even in other countries the devotees of sensation may have their passions legitimately excited by the story of a real murder, the perpetrators of which are still a mystery, and ii murder accompanied by circumstances of startling atrocity. 2 in the department of the -Arago, under the northern slopes of the Pyrenees, there is a village called IJII Hayti clothespins. This village lies in The beautiful valley of the Arize,.und a short way further down the stream stands an old straggling chateau, known as the Chateau Hall- In rd, consisting of a court surrounded by buildings. Here lived an old bachelor-, 74 years of age, M. llegad de Lusullo, with three servants, Jean Liicauel, the coachman, Pelaco Hycheiro, the maid, and Hayinondo Burger, the cook. AT. do Ijiisnllo had a considerable fortune ; indeed, his income is said to have been from 12,000 to 15,000 francs a year. But he took no care to invest it judiciously. Like many of I gentlemen he was both timid and a miser, so that be preferred hoarding his money, over to investing it in the funds. Naturally, public rumor exaggerated his wealth, so that the chateau came to be known as the, Maison d'Or, whilst the unhappy possessor, miseries of the danger to which he exposed himself by, his singular conduct, seldom went out, and had always about him all sorts of weapons to defend his treasure. Almost every Thursday he went to visit his sister, at Curbonnc ; but he always returned at 7 in the evening, and insisted that his horses should not be watered until after the lapse of two hours. On the morning of Friday, the 26th of February, an old servant observed as he left for his work thistle shutters of the windows were still closed. When he returned about 9, he found things in the same state. Feeling alarmed, he spoke to his wife, and then went into the court-' yard. He called Pelagic, the maid. Finding no one in the kitchen, lie about into the still but-, where he found several pools of blood, and in a dark corner a dead body, which he at first took, for that of his master. He gave the alarm, further assistance came, and a horrible scene presented itself. lithe body of the maid, Pelagic, was found on the ground floor, In a wood shed close by lay the corpse of' Jean Lucnnol, where it seemed to have been dragged from the stable, whither he had probably gone to water his horses. On the first floor, where the two servants slept, was found the body of the old miser, Al. deXasalle; at the foot of the bed, and behind the boil, half enveloped in the curtains, was Raymonde Horgor, her head nearly severed from her body. It seemed that the assassin must be re- got. upon the bud, for the sheets showed the marks of muddy boots. The room' in which these two bodies were found was in great disorder. The furniture was scattered on the floor, and the cupboard an I drawers had been l broken open. but it appeared Hint At. du LiiMille must have been first at- tacked in his own room, for there was blood upon the door of his own room, which communicated with that in which his body was found. All the bodies were horribly mutilated. That a cruel murder had been committed there was no doubt. The old gentleman had no enemies, but the character of the man, who was believed to have in the house some ûû,00ut'., and the fact that the dru rivers were broken open, proved that the crime must have been prompted by avarice alone, it turned out, indeed, But a very considerable sum of money was concealed in various cupboards of the house. These places of safe custody the robbers did not discover, but the state of the house clearly showed the object of their visit. It was not long before suspicion fell upon a man named I'ujul. He was said to have been seen in the neighborhood before the murder, and. he had been in the habit of making inquiries as to Al. do Ltisallo's wealth, ho- sales which it was known that he had established an intimacy with the maid, future. According to the indictment, the passion for intrigue peculiar to French servant maids, and a womanly weakness for ardent spirits, had made her- an easy prey to the avaricious designs of her paramour. "Still the evidence against the man was very meagre and it is supposed that he might have escaped had he not been arrested at Toulouse for wounding and robbery. It states then discovered not only that he was the same man who had been wandering about Unillard, but that he was an escaped convict that he had already been in prison for nine years, and that his photograph was in every considerable police-station in France. These circumstances were sufficient in the eyes of the French police to justify Pujol's arrest (whose real nature was now discovered to be Jacques Labour) for the murder of Al. do Lnsallc; but it is coincident singular that, according to the evidence, he continued to remain in the neighborhood where the crime was perpetrated, and even proposed to purchase a farm and marry the daughter of his host. If the facts had rested here it is difficult to understand how any jury could have brought in a verdict of guilty against even Pujol, much less interest The supposed accomplice, Francois Audouy,.n mountebank, nicknamed Hercules. No one saw the crime perpetrated, and the fact of four persons being murdered would suggest that it had been done by several persons. That There was a bloody struggle can- not be doubled, and yet' the prosecution entirely failed to prove that any blood was found upon the clothes of either of the alleged assassins, One of the few serious acts auogodugumst I Jacques Labour was that he had 1700 francs in his possession when he was caught ; but it was established that Labour had been a hard working man, that in a few years he had been the actual possessor of as much as 3000 francs, and it was fairly contended that he might still be in possession of part of this money. There was, however, another fact upon which great stress was laid. Upon the bed of one of the victims were found a broken comb and a pencil, which some of his prison companions declared they had seen in his possession. But, on the other hand, it was alleged that it was not easy to identify small articles, and that they were just the sort of shabby things which would belong to a miser like M. de Laszlo. Perhaps the chief point in favor of both the men accused was the difficulty of explaining how they got so far from the scene of the murder the morning after it was perpetrated. Labour must have started from La Bastide at 11 o'clock on the night of the 25th, and according to the evidence he was at Mauran, more than 30 miles, on the morning of the 26th". Audouy must have travelled, with a donkey and cart, some forty miles after the murder, which was perpetrated about 10 the night of the 25th for he was at Fois about 8 'clock on the morning of the 20th. It must be admitted that there never was a case which rested so completely on circumstantial evidence, or one in which a man was condemned to death on less substantial grounds. It is, perhaps, not surprising that the Procureur General should have found himself compelled to urge upon the jury the propriety of their convicting Labour in this fashion. "I have (finished," ctcluiinodthc Procureur, "mysketch of this monster. When I have him before my eyes accompanied by his cortege of crimes, he oppresses me. It is time that he should dis- appear in the abyss. . . . You have nothing to do with what the law may command. We hope that your firmness will rise to the level of your duties. I invite you to be firm. Yester- day you were the servants of the law, to-day you are its dispensers. This law obliges you to defend society in exchange for the oath which you have taken. The strong character of the inhabitants of your country is well known." To complete the picture, when the Procureur but down, Jacques Labour cried out, ironically, Vive l'Empereur 1 The Procureur, however, got his verdict, the result being that Labour was condemned to death whilst his supposed accomplice has been sentenced to hard labour for life. When told by the President that three days would be allowed him to appeal to the Court of Cassation, Labour told the court to have the gibbet set up. When the usual time had elapsed and Labour was informed that his last day had arrived he refused to hear a word from any priest, and uttered the most dreadful blasphemies. The guillotine had arrived the evening before from Toulouse, and was erected during the night. By 5 in the morning the large space round the place on which the instrument stood was crowded with the population! a great number being females. Rain fell heavily, but seemed not to have any effect on the spectators At 7 o'clock a vehicle appeared, in which was the prisoner and the executioner. He had announced that he would compose a series of verses on the occasion, and sing them from the prison to the scaffold. Accordingly he never ceased throughout the whole distance (about 350 yards) singing out in a loud voice the couplets in question. He ascended the steps of the scaffold firmly and lightly, and on arriving above, after deliberately regarding the multitude, he thundered forth the following lines : Allens, pure! delicate, Ton jun has fairly set on fire, Curtin! and the Iii tyr must be confined sublime cities'! Being then tied to the plank and flung into the usual horizontal position in order to be brought under the blade, he still went on A. heavy sound was then heard, and all was over ! The crowd dispersed at once, expressing horror and indignation at such a revolting display of cynicism. 'Sixaoxvn Solemn IN A LONDON Cnuncn.-An announcement that " Brother Ignatius," a young clergyman of the Church of England, whose efforts to establish a Benedictine monastery in the east of England have met with some success, and whose proceedings at Claydon and Norwich. have recently excited considerable attention, was to preach in the church of St. Mary Magdalene Munzter-squnro, Regent's-park, naturally drew an overwhelming congregation on Sunday, September li. When the bell which proclaims the morning service had ceased, the first part of a singular scene presented itself. About 20 surpliced choristers entered and took their place in the chancel.- They were followed by two priests wearing green sashes, but no university hoods. Then came the Rev. Mr. Stuart, the incumbent, habited in the cope, or full eucharistic vestments. The cope was richly embroidered, thoornumontntioii at the back forming a splendid rich yellow tvcmbroidoredcross,c\tondiiig from his shoulders nearly to his heels. Prior to the entrance of the procession, two huge sun- dies, between which was a large gilt cross on the altar were lighted. in the first place, Mr. Stuart incensed the altar. A boy, surpliced and kneeling, presented what is called a " boat," made apparently of silver, containing the incense ; then the thimble, or' cause, in which the incense was burned, and in which it was turned. This thimble, which was provided with long chains, Mr. Stuart took from the " Thurifer," or attendant, and swung it in the air, the result of which operation was that in a very few minutes the priests and others who were officiating at the altar became one loped in a dense white cloud, through which the eyes of the congregation could not pierce. Soon, however, it begun to clear away, and the lighted candles on the high altar became dimly visible. While those proceedings were going on the choristers chanted the " To deal" with much solemnity. When the Gospel of the day was announced the church was again in- censed. It would be difficult to say whether the Gospel was read or intoned. buring the recital of the Ni. eno Crood most of the congregation knelt at the words, " And was incarnate by the Holy Ghost." At the close of the ante Communion service, Mr. Stuart stool with his back to the cross on the altar, with his face to the congregation, and stripped himself of his eucharistic vestment, leaving himself habited in his Albina long white linen garment reaching almost to the feet, and a " girdle" round his waist, representing the girding of the priest's loins, in memory of our Lord's admonition to readiness. Ho were also an, embroidered green state crossed over his breast. In this dress he went into the pulpit. A look of blank amazement crept over the faces of the congregation, for many of them had come to hear Brother Ignatius, and could for once have foregone the pleasure of listening to the familiar Mr Stuart, great as their regard is evidently for him. The rev. gentleman did not leave them long in suspense. After reading a list of people who had sent in their names as candidates for the holy state of matrimony, he said, " Brother Ignatius tells me that he has got a sore throat, and cannot preach here to day. I am sorry for it, because some have come shore, probably, for the purpose of hearing him. Before I gave you notice last Sunday morning that he would preach here to-day, I received a distinct assurance from him that nothing should hinder him from coming here. Perhaps Brother Ignatius thinks a promise is nothing and that is my opinion about his sore throat. When I asked him to preach here last summer, and engaged to give him what might be collected for his mission, a sum of £150 being raised, he had no sore throat ; but in the offertory to-day was to be on behalf of the church of St. Mary Magdalene, Brother Ignatius has got a sore throat. Now as some have probably come to hear Brother Ignatius, I will wait a minute or two, and those who like to leave the church can go. Those who remain I shall of course be glad to see, to listen to a common sermon " Two or three minutes elapsed, and as no one moved, Mr. Stuart proceeded, Taking for his text the first chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians. verses 22 and 23, He said there were things in Um world quite as important as Brother Ignatius, which existed before Brother Ignatius, and would exist after him whether he had a sore throat or not He was going to speak that morning of one of those things which was the Church of Christ At the close of the sermon Air Stuart went back to the altar, where he resumed the eucharistic vestments and proceeded to the administration of the Holy Communion the service being chorally rendered Home News KKTIUOBDINuti CHARGE At the Lambeth police court a few days ago Mr Edward Hammond a gentleman residing at Laurel house Peckham was charged with looking up and keeping in close confinement his wife Rosalind Hammond, without just cause, such confine ment being very detrimental to her health - Alis Rosalind Hammond, a wretched, detected but an intellectual looking woman, and who gave other evidence with perfect clearness and composure, was sworn, and examined by Mr. Beasley Her evidence was to the effect that she had been looked up altogether for about two years that when she remonstrated with her husband he laid the blame upon two female servants who lived with them, and that on one occasion a \r, at Christmas 1902 he had severely beaten her with his fists Mr Beasley remarked that Mrs. Hammond was taken away home He wretched apartment in which she had been shut up with scarcely decent clothing on bel and but for a share which she had round her and a cloak and bonnet that had been lent to her, she could not be removed -The defendant said he was unprepared with legal assistance, and time was given him for that purpose. In the meantime he was ordered to put in bail, himself in £200 and two sureties of £50 each to appeal and his own but was t taken for his servant Allen to be present also on a future day - At a subsequent examination, it was alleged on the part of Mr Hammond that the late miss insane but medical testimony was given on in contravention of this allegation At the close of the inquiry Air Hammond and the two servants were committal for trial PliOToaitvrui LAD rooTOQiiuiu-At the Sheriff s Court a Mr Was in sued Mr Anderson, a photographer, for 10s 6d damages sustained in consequence of dcTuidniit not taking a dozen collect full length photographic portraits of plaintiff The plaintiff having stated his cry of the portraits were handed to the judge who after looking at them attentively, said, " Really, Mr Warren, I do not see how a you can complain I think they are exceedingly well done In fact, it anything, the defendant has made you too good looking Upon this the plaintiff quickly left the witness box leaped over the bar her in front of the clerk s desk and jumped on to a chair His Honor looked considerably; surprised at this but he was still more startled to see the plaintiff draw himself up so tightly, and holding his arms tightly by his side-, ask " here your honor do you so anything amiss in my legs ? ' (Roars of laughter His honor (laughing) I do not see anything the matter with the portrait Perhaps Mr Buchan in the plaintiffs advance, will look at it-Mr Hu human thought it a very good portrait -Plum till But the has the legs that is what I complain about -Air Buchanan Perhaps while you were being taken on dr w your coat over your legs in some way -Plaintiff My legs are all hands but he has made one shot than the other (Laughter ) I showed the portrait to a lady and she did not approve of it at all-His honor really did not stir one pint ground for this action In fact, the plaintiff had not be in a leg to stand on (Laughter ) the pilotage fees were exceedingly well done and the plaintiff must be nonsuited with costs 