DIOCESAN SYNOD. ' xue annual session ot the Diocesan bynou was opened pa Monday, May 2. In the afternoon a considerable number of the clergy and laity assem bled at Trinity Church, where the customary service was held, and His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide delivered the following Charge :— 'Keverend and Dear Brethren- AVhen I ad dressed you from this place a twelvemonth ago I could not but advert to the conflict of religious opinion which was then agitatingtheMotherChurch. the limits of whose formularies of faith were said to be transgressed by the bold speculations of some of her clergy, and others, lay members of her com munion. The opinions promulgated with reference f- the inspiration of Scripture by ministers of a Church taking, as it has ever done, the Bible for its supreme rule of faith in all things necessary to salvation, seemed to impose a duty on those in authority to take heed that 'the mind of the Church' 'should be expressed on this momentous subject With singular unanimity, the Bishops and clergy in Convocation assembled solemnly condemned much of the teachings contained in the works of Colenso, as well as the 'Essays and Reviews;' nor lias further re flection as to the tendency of these writings shaken the conviction so strongly and unanimously expressed. AA'bether wisely or not, an attempt was also made to bring the Ecclesiastical Law to bear upon two of the writers, being parish priests. In all criminal suits affecting the character and liveli hood of the accused the merciful character of English justice watches with jealous care the ac curacy of the indictment as well as the clearness of the evidence; and so much has religion itself and the world suffered from legalized intolerance, that in religious prosecutions the Court construes narrowly the language which constitutes the offence, and places the most favourable con struction on the tenaa which are alleged to be criminal. Our Ecclesiastical Courts have no such function assigned to them as to declare what ought to be, according to Scripture, the doctrine of the Church. As in the case of the trust-deeds of all religious denominations,, the Court has simply to judge whether the terms of any such formulary or document have been violated or exceeded. So in the case of our clergy, the language of the Thirty-nine Articles or other Formularies said to be violated, and tbe passages of the writers so offending, are compared together, and construed with legal accuracy as to their grammatical meaning. Under such a literal pro cess, the tortuous language of controversial essays bordering on heresy eludes the grasp, and. thus affords, where the tenor and spirit rather than the terms of the teaching are at fault, ample scope for evasion and escape. The fault may exist and yet the crime not be proved. Many a criminal, in like manner, has before now escaped by flaws in tie indictment. Such appears to l-e the case in the late appeal to the Privy Council from the judement in the Court of Arches with regard o the lJevds. Dr. R. AVillianis and Air. AVilson. Looking at the text of the judgment itself, my Lords could scarcely have arrived at any other con clusion. The language of the Articles, on the one hand, framed in an age when the literal inspira tion of the Scriptures was considered the very keystone of Protestantism, nevertheless does not guard that doctrine with an exact statement and definition, like the Helvetic Confession of 15(i6'. The latter has this as the title of its first Article— ' Of Holy Scripture, the very Word of God,' and then goes on thus:— 'We believe and confess the canonical Scriptures of .the holy prophets and apostles of either Testament to be the true word itself of God, and to have their own sufficient authority from themselves, and not from men; for God himself snake to the fathers, the prophets, and apostles, and still speaks to us through the Holy Scriptures,' &c.; My Lords, therefore, constrains the language of the Articles and other Formularies in their strictest literal sense, as in the case of a penal enactment arrived at this conclusion:— 'Tho imposition or assertion that every part of the Scriptures was written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit is not to be found either in the Articles or in any of the Formularies of the Church.' (Note.— It is fair to state, respecting Dr. U. Williams, that his own words as quoted do not bear out the accusation. On the con. trary be seems to affirm 'that the Bible is inspired, because the Holy Spirit dwelt on the writers of it and in the Church perpetually.' | 'They do not clearly predicate of every statement or representation in every part of the Old and New Testament that it is written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and therefore the Word of God;' and on these grounds Messrs. AYUliams and AYihon were acquitted, and, we may add, ?Luther, the great Reformer, himself. In this part of the judgment the Archbishops of Cantcr mry and York did not concur, and it is difficult or those who have prayed the words, ' Blessed Lord, who has caused all Holy Scriptures to be written for our learning ,' to accept from the Privy Council as tbe mind, if it be the law of the Church, that there arc portions of the Canonical Scriptures caused by God to be written for our learning, yet net written under tlw inspiration of the Spirit and consequently possessing no higher authority than the Apocryphal Books. The distinction drawn between the Canonical and the Apocryphal Books in the Gth Article would seem adverse to the view of the lay Lords of the Judicial Com mittee. Perhaps error ju this important subject has arisen from confounding the revelation of unknown spiritual truth and Inspiration superin tending the sacred writers AVhat could not have otherwise been known was directly revealed) and dictated to their minds *r and such revealed truth, as well as whatever they . might other wise have known 'necessary for our learniBg,' they wrote down under die superintending inspi ration of the Holy Ghost. Thus every Scripture, or the whole Scripture as St. Paul says, was God inspired, sc* as to preserve them from every degree of error in all things whica could in the least degree aflcst any doctrine ar precept Writing according to their individual characters, their minds and judgments as well as memory were nevertheless so guided . as to choose the fittest modes of expressing the subject according to tin: age or the purpose on which they were 'moved' to write. This theory of inspiration, not the literal inspiration oF every jot and tittle of Holy 'Writ, has commended itself to the nicst judicious of our theologic writers as guarding sufficiently the authority, certainty, and truthfulness of Holy Scripture. AVhether in the course of ages literal mistakes have been introduced by copyists, or passages intcrpolate-l, is a fit enquiry for biblical criticism— whether, the facts recorded are in accor dance with historical monuments from time to time brought to light— whether the- language used in the teaching of. the world's childhood was suited to the age rather than strictly scientific, are fair subjects for discussion. The inspiration which suided the sacred writers docs not necessarily Hnply direct revelation on all points not relevant or necessary to the spiritual or moral lesson intended to be conveyed In truth, most of the difficulties of Scripture arise from the want of more detailed information; and so long as such dimcultias are discussed in a reverent spirit- -so long as facts are fairly stated— no con demnatory opinions will arrest enquiry, or do more than- create sympathy towards the party so con demned. 'Mr. AVilson's ^surmises' as to the permanent destiny of the wicked after judgment, though not only, in the opinion- of most Christians, without warrant but also repugnant to the general tenor of Scripture, and to more than one express decla ration' of our Lord, may not have constituteda penal offence, as being contrary to any express written dopma of the Church. It was pointed out by the Court that there-is no distinct declaration cither by the Catholic : Church, or by our own Branch of it. condemning such latitude of opinion as Mr. AVilson suggested— a liberty which has been taken for ages, especially by Origen, in the fourth century. The danger- of such a 'surmise' as affecting also the permanent happi ness of the righteous is perhaps exaggerated if human analogies are worth anything.. A hope suggested that 'ptnal servitude for life' might possibly find, mitigainon ere the last sands of life hadJ run out would scarcely make any innocent mani think the permanency of his own lifcloug freedom and happiness thereby imperilled! '1 have dwelt perhaps somewhat at length on this judgment, because I think it has been viewed with too great alarm. The Ark of the Covenant and the lively oracles within it may be shaken for a moment but God- will vindicate His own truth. Let us have greater faith in the divinity of our holy religion-in Christ as the power of God and the wisdom of God. The Court does not acquit or sanction the 'Essays and Reviews;' it only shows that the law of the Church is loose, her spirit tolerant her caution in dogmatizing gieat; but if ever the Judicial Committee should pronounce any decision against the faith once delivered to the saints, a blow will lie struck winch, must sever the Church from, the State, and compel believers to separate from en apostate State religion. I do not fear that such an emergency will arise, or that the cle/gy of the- National Church will give an un certain sound as, to the authority of God's Word written, or the Gospel scheme of salvation. 'The relations of Colonial Dioceses to the Council in- the case of Long v. Bishop of 3ape Town has ascertained the law in this respect in a manner altogether- satisfactory to /ne members of this Synod. The judgment itself, and an explanatory document upon it forwarded by the Duke of Newcastle, are placed before you. The liberty we claimed in LS55, in common with other religions bodies in this :oton-\ to frame rules for enforcing discipline aver all those who 'expressly or by implication should assent to them,' is fully acknowledged as lawful Legal jurisdiction, indeed, ia not given by letters patent to the Bishop, nor is the tribunal we have agreed to establish in any sense a Court for it has no power to enforce its sentences. For that purpose we must apply, if need be, to the Supreme Court of the colony, which will give effect to our decisions, if within the scope or our authority according to the rules we- have framed and consonaut with the prin ciples of justice. It is also stated that if there be no previous contract or trust, express or implied, between the Bishop and the patron or presenter to the benefice, it is competent to the Bishop to make the licence or admission of a Clerk to a spiritual office, benefice, or cure, as well as ordination itself, conditional on assent given to such rules as have been framed under the Synodal Compact Finally, the Bishop's corporate character, and any other incidents of his episcopal position ~ which result from his letters patent remain untouched by the recent judgment. ' On the questions submitted to Hjs Grace the Secretary of State for the Colonies, that the rules of our Diocesan Synod should receive the assent aud approval of Her Majesty, by new letters patent m order to bind succeeding Bishops to the compact, the Duke of Newcastle took the opinion of the law officers of tho Crown. Such a course was considered undesirable, because unpre cedented, and tending to bind too stringently the action of the Synod, as well as affect, possibly, the title to the endowment of the See. 'There is evidently great desire, or at least readiness, to grant all necessary liberty to colonial dioceses for' carrying on the work of the Church. The time may come when the nomination of the Bishop may be conceded to the Synods provincial, if not diocesan. Meanwhile, in the alraence o legal jurisdiction or ecclesiastical power to enforce discipline, except through the Synodal Compact we must find the guarantee for my successors' assent and consent to that engagement; if indeed their acceptance of a see in which such an institution as the Synod, with its rules lawfully established, exists, would not of itself be, in a legal point of view, an implied acceptance also of tue contract and its obligations. ' ? 'Missions to tbe Heathen.— From its first foundation the Synod, as the representative of ou Church, has marked its interest in this subject by fixing an annual sermon to be preached in all the churches in aid of some mission to the heathen. This diocese has accordingly sent to India's assistance in former years, and last year to the Melanesian Mission, at the samo time inviting Bishop Patteson t6 visit this diocese. I need not say how gladly he was welcomed, and I cannot but express my deep satisfaction at the full meeting of the Synod on the occasion, both of clergy and laity, .when your address was presented to him. Of his devoted labours, his modest simplicity, his unclouded faith, I need not speak. They al dwell freshly in your memories. The presence of such a man does more to establish us in the faith, by making our hearts burn within us, and yearn in love towards those who know not the unsearchable riches of Christ, than ten thousand volumes of »nti-/iiviii4tiv w* kbiW»Ol«A Ul UVt'Lfl.il'ttl JL til* WOW If It, can effect towards robbing us ot our best consola tion here and hope of glory hereafter. It is good, however, not only to lie zealously affected while he was p^sent with us, but much more in his absence, while he has now gone forth with his life in his hand, standing in jeopardy every hour while seeking to bring the Alelanesian heathen to the a knowledge of their God and Saviour. 'I hope and I believe that fervent prayer is offered up by many on his behalf and that of his mission, that God may protect him and bless his endeavours. Still material means for the support of his Alelanesinn scholars, his mission ship and crew, himself, and clergy who go -fort taking nothing of the Gentiles, are wanted, it is our.privilege to aid their work and bring them on their way. Already many of our clergy have established Parochial Missionary Associations for the purpose of collecting funds. Every £10 will maintain a single heathen scholar. Might we not have 20 such? It would be, I know, a great en couragement to Bishop Patteson if the Synod as the representative body of the diocese would adopt this mission as belonging of right to.the Australasi;m -dioceses. I would recommend the cause to the general acceptance of members of our Church by a resolution to that effect. ' It is of much importance that the funds to be raised should be as near as may be fixpd at a given bum, and that sum remitted at a given date, so that the Bishop might count wit tolerable certainty on its amount and arrival. The favourable impression produced on him by the earnestness of your zeal in the missionary cause, the liberality of your contributions, his reception by the Synod, the appearance of order, stead fastness, and progress in the affairs of the diocese, the solidity of your churches and the other ecclesiastical buildings, will be enhanced, I am sure, by your co-operation in the mission to whic he has devoled his life and fortune. Let us try and not fall short of an annual contribution of the sum of £300 at least I lielieve nothing practically keeps our own faith in such healthy vigour as caring for the salvation of others; and I count it a good sign of the faith of South Austra;ians that on every- occasion on which Bishop Patteson advocated, bis mission crowded assemblies, com posed of Christians of every denomination, gladly : - heard from him what things God had wrought by him among the Gentiles. ; There are two other questions under the consi deration of the Church at home to which I may ? briefly advert :-l. The terms of subscription, a, l he revision of the Burial Service. In my address : last year I Minted out how the colonial clergy were relieved fro ai the stringent terras of subsenp. W I?''??/*1 .l-y tlle tenilS Of the Act Ot Ul» W.!1 afn(l WChnrles 1L, c. 4. It is worthy of J3 w-lllc lI.10 other clauses of tUo Act IE hV?ty incun-l*nt openly and publicly £££? I'frouKregation, to declare his unfeigned rSiS^i TT v° ''euse of all things con tained in the Book of Common Praver &L; the £riSpPnI?aS5.W Eesti?' 4' 'vhethcVby desfgn or accident omits the words ' the use of,1 and mokes the incumbent .assent and consent to all Era - contained therein Jhc 3Gth Canon is in irict accordance with the intention of the Act if not the form of subscription, and a Committee of Convocation recommends that the two lie brought into closer, agreement AVhether .Parliament mil so beyond the purpose and wording of the Act of Charles IL, namely, 'unfeigned assent and consent to the use of all things contained in the Book of OommonPrayer,' ia very problematical ? and an honest couseut to use the Pnyer Boole as it stands seems stringent declaration enough fur those who wait at the national altar. ' TheBurial Service also lias been the subject of discussion with a view to modification of its ex pressions!. I have repeatedly stated that tho clergy in this'diocese are not compelled by the ter ritorial claim* of an Established National Mm/ch to accept the disadvantages of such a position, and bury. In the language of elevated hope, the remains of any one who may be brought to them for inter ment whether known or unknown to them, whether cut off in the act of deadly sin, or dying in avowed unbelief. '1 am well aware that in the commendatory prayer the- personal pronoun 'liis' or 'her' was exchanged for 'the' resurrection to eternal life at the last revise of the Prayer Book ; that ' our' was substituted for 'his' in the sentence 'who shall change 'our' die body,' &c.;, so as to make tho .. sure and certain hope of resurrection to eternal % ifc general, and not special to the individual -1, mried. I know also that the words 'this our brother' were also omitted at the same time from the prayer that it may please God to hasten His kingdom, that we [not hei with all those tha,t arc departed in the true faith of His Holy Name; may iave our [not his] perfect consummation and bliss 10th in body and soul, &c.; In this diocese, there fore, as hope may admit of very different degrees, and the clergy are not compilable to use the office over those of whom they, know nothing, or only that which is bad, there is not the same uneasi ness felt ii»in the case of the national ministry at wine. Still, the office breathes the language of hope and thanksgiving with regard to the de ceased ncrsMi ; and while St Paul bids us sorrow not wiUiouUippe, it surely cau.be- hardly neces sary to give hearty thanks for the removal of a beloved partner or child,' whose continued stay upon earth lws bcenthe object of our most curliest iraycrs, and whose loss well uigb breaks the heart The sisters of Laiarus were not reproved for weep ing bitterly owr his departure nor commanded t» thank God for it On the whole, then, both in the darker cases and in the mow hopeful ones, some ew. expressions might be so modified as to bring he omce more into harmony witb tbe actual rather Uian ideal condition of the Church Militant. No doctrine would be impaired, but truth and sincerity would be alike consulted. 'Excellent ^as the Book of Common Prayer undoub.cdly is, and great* as. is the privilege accorded to our Church of 'having, fellowship in prayer with, the Church of all ages, still this office ? does inflict on many clergymen, pious men, aud ? lovers of our Church, unnecessary pain. It has j already undergone revision more than once, and I ? am persuaded that the present age is not inferior n piety, learmug, or discretion to those on which be changes were made. Here, I repeat we are ree from, any ecclesiastical law which, compels the .indiscriminate use of the service by the pa rochial clergy. Still we wish to be freed from the 'continual necessity of defending 'or appearing to explain away expressions which seenUo carry with them a meaning which ill accords with the circum stances of the case or the feelings of friends and mourners. . '1 have now touched on those points of public interest in the Mother Church in this diocese since ?we last assembled; The statistical details will be . laid before you at an adjourned meeting this evening. At the conclusion of His LordshipTs address tho meeting adjourned till the evening. EVENING AlEETINO The Synod met at 0 o'clock, at tho Church »nce. Leigh-street under the presidency of tho Lord Bishop. The following gentlemen were pre sent:- Clergy -Very Rev. Dean Farrell, Rev. Chas. Alarryat Rev. J. Pollitt, Rev..IL M. Pollitt, Itev. O. Dove, Rev. D. J. H. lbbetson. Rev. K Jenkins, Rev. T. R. Neville, Rev. W. B. Andrews, licv. W. D. AVilliams, Rev. J. 8. Jackson, Rev. Canon Coombs, Rev. Canon Farr, Rev. F. AViiliams. and Rev. Thos. Field. Synodsmen-Thos. O'Halloran, F.. Sanderson, J. Bath, E. AAr. AATiakes, AV.F. CoopeA.L. J. Pelham. , T. Fax, iun., N.Blyth, S. Goode, E. R. Simpson, J. AV. Nicholls, T. H. Viney, C. B. Young, j! Williams, R. G-Jay, T. Goss, E. AV. Alercdith, !AVm.Hemsley L. AV. Thrupp. R AVickBteed. 1U ;B. Lucas, B. H Babbage. A. Biytli, J. AV. Bull, N. Oldham. W. J. Eullarton, E. A. Gower, J. Huggins, Dr. Ward, and J. a. Browne. PArERH. The Lord Bibhop laid on the table the Duke of Newcastle's despatch dated lGtbSepteniber, 1863, on the Bubjcct of supplementary letters patent the opinion of- the law officers, enclosed therein; the extract of a despatch from the Duke of New* castle to Governor AVodehouse, relating to the case of Long v. Bishop of Cape Town ; a report of the aforesaid case; and the supplementary letteis patent externling the Bishop's diocese to the Western Teiritor}'. 8VNOD BOLL. The SECRBTARYjrcad the names of the member^ and the new members signed the consensual com pact required by the fundamental provisions. GESERAJ., STATE OF 1HE DIOCESE. The Loud Bibhop read the following report upon the general state of the diocese :— 'Oncomoaring.the various return* with thoBO of the preacding year, they are satisfactory in some important points, discouraging in none. Tho removal of any incumbent minister from his cure, unless replaced, by one .equally esteemed, cannot his Sunday-school, and. other parochial institu tions; but where his place cannot be supplied, it is very difficult under tha incumbency system of parocliial cures, to carry on the work ot the Church at all. At home it centres in the parish clergyman, and there is no lack of officiating ministers during the vacancy of the benefice. The services arc con tinued without interruption. Such is not the'easo in a colony like tin's.; and I owe it to \he zealous and persevering care cf many lay readers that con gregations have been held together— in many places churches kept open, and Sunday-schools cinied on. It may seem invidious tu notice any pases particularly, where much credit is due to all; but to those ?wlic* question the propriety of lay agency in 'carrying on Divine worship, Port Elliot AVilhamstown, Kooringa, Wallaroo, and Ladina may bo instanced as vindicating the benefit of such co-operation under the general superintendence of missionary clergy. Still, it is only a preparatory and provisional state of things, until a congregation having been gathered, a church erected and cleared of debt the means of provid ing for a clergyman by a parsonage and stipend shall become available. To deny tbe privilege of Divine worship to the scattered members of our Church until an ordained minister can be per manently placed among them 1b at once irrational and contrary to the free loving spirit of tho Gospel ?' Clergy.— The want whkh pressed so severely on us led toe at the last Synod to turn your attention to the supply of a colonial ministry trained . amongst ourselves. The labourers being few, the direction, 'Pray ye the Lord of the harvest to send forth labourers into his harvest' seems to come home to us with peculiar force ; and when hopeleasof obtaining supplies from home, most unexpectedly I may Fay, three candidates offered themselves, whom, after due. examination, I was enabled to ordain with satisfaction to myself, and, I believe, with benefit to the Church of God. They are labouring at* Blakiston, AVoodville, and in the home missionary work of the diocese, purchasing to themselves, as deacons, a good degree, pre paratory . to admission ? to the full orders of presbyter. 'In addition to these, I have the satisfaction of expecting shortly the Rev. Albert J. Pashley, approved by the Board of Examiners of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, for employment in this diocese. With the experience of six years as- curate in Sheffield and Yorkshire, I hope his services may be found acceptable at AYallaroo and Kadina-if, at least the suspension of mining operations docs not alienate the means, for a time at least of supporting the m nistry. 'The Kev. Lionel AV. Stanton, late curate of Stepney, has'bceurselcctcd by the Agent-General -G. 8. AValtere, Esq.) for the Burra, where, in addition to the duty at the church, he will also manage the grammar- school about to be esta blished there. The reduction of the raining popu lation in Kooringa having affected the prosperity, v of the township, it has been deemed expedient to % combine these offices at the present time, the want v of a superior education, being felt in that district no less than of ministerial duty. The fluctuation incident to colonial affairs ge erally, and mining operations hi particular, justify, in my opinion, a combination of the schoolmaster and clergyman, otherwise undesirable. The number of licensed clerjrvmen will now be 33. 'Missionary Chaplain and Itinerating Clergy.— The' supply t»f ordained ministers above alluded to - has relieved Mr. Craig from the work of paying monthly visits to some of the vac mt churches; and 1 have the pleasure to report that I have re ceived intelligence from him, dated Streaky Bay, April 21. Accompanied by an intelligent native from Poonindee as his guide, and supplied with horses fiom that station, he will have visited, before he returns, 27 stations. On his way up he held occasional as well as evening services every - day. His journal will be sent up by the next mail, and 1 hope will be in time for publication with the Synod's proceedings. He states ' that all had gono well,' and that he liad been ' most kindly received everywhere.' His native guide was also instructed to communicate wi;h the natives on the road upon the great truths of religion. A missionary clergy man specially attached to this district would; I believe, be thankfully {received and liberally sup ported. Some Ruch step seems absolutely retjuiren. A sufficient sphere would still be left on this side Spencer's Gulf for the labours of Air. Craig. ' The Synod will also be glad to learn that the Rev. J. Pollitt has visited some stations on Yorke's Peninsula on his way to Wallaroo. In one in stance only did he fail to meet a cordial and thank ful welcome. Ungodliness and intemperance usually go hand in hand. Other clergy have like wise kindly undertaken some missionary duties from time to tune, their expenses lieing defrayed by the congregations which they Berve. Messrs. Jackson, Aiarryat Russell, Williams, Fair, and others have thus rendered very essential service in upholding and incitiup; the scattered congrega tions unsupnlied with resident pastors. 'Personally I have been nble to visit the Port Lincoln district and Poonindee Institution. The latter I found going on satisfactorily, and by the aid of Air. Clayfield, a^ EchoolmaBter, the well being, relipiou* instructions, and happiness of the natives have been enhanced. Tbe school chapel has been thoroughly repaired and beautified out of the funds of the Institution, and commodious apartments obtained for Mr. Cloj field, who as lay reader assists Air. Hammond in the Sunday sen-ices for the natives. I have also visited Kadina nnd AArallaroo, Clare, and some portions of the Narrien district as well as many of the out lying churches. Still I regret to say that the banks of the Alurray and the country about Trurp nayc hitherto been left unvisitcd, and demand eariy attention (as soon as he can be spared).from we . missionary chaplain. Confirmation Eervices uavQ been more numerous tb,aa iu former yews. ~ ' ' ''Churches and Farsonages.-During the past : vear the folloTiii? churches have been completed, ~ renaired-eBlargw^' or commenced :-^St. George's, ? Gawler u it beautiful structure, seating above 400, and on the. Sunday of its being opened actually filled with COO; St.' -Barnabas's, ClaTe; St. Michael's, Mitcham; Emanuel, Chinkford; St. Bartholomew'^, Norwood; St. John's, Salisbury; Melrose, Bungaree, and Woodside. The par sonages at Magill and Willunga have been re paired, while at Mount Gambier and Lyndoch Valley new ones are in course of erection— th\ two latter at considerable expense. 'Note.— In many instances the actual number of sittings erected or let have ibeen specified in the returns, whereas the area accommodation of the churches, calculated according to the school average of six square feet to each individual, would be considerably, larger. Some uniform rule by measurement -shonld oe adopted for Govern-, ment statistics if comparisons are drawn on the ecclesiastical data thus supplied. 'Sunday Scholars.— There is some increase in the total number, but. while churches arc left without ministers much increase in this respect cannot be looked for. ; I confirmed in 15 churches, and rejoice to mark the increasing interest taken in this solemn rite, as well a3 the care evidently taken in the preparation of the candidates by the clergy, rendering these occasi'ns deeply interesting and impressive to all engaged in them. 'Some unnecessary trouble has been caused to the Secretary by delay in making the diocesan return?, as well as of the election .of Synodsmen. It should be understood that unless vestry meetings for the latter purpose 'are held in the Easter week, or adjourned front some day in that week, the elections are invalid. The return of Synodsmen elected should be made to the Bishop within seven days. . , 'On the whole (I say so with thankfulness to the great Head: of the Church), the external condition of the diocese is such as to relieve me, as Ordinary, from anxiety. Means have been taken which, in the course of a.very few years, will place sufficient funds at the disposal of Synod and the attorneys of the Society for the Propaga tion of the Gospel to sustain and extend the action of [the voluntary principle in. supplying Divine ordinances to the members of our communion throughout the colony. We have ecclesiastical autonomy conceded to us witliin the wide limits of acknowledging the supremacy of the Urovra and . observing the recognised principles of the English Church. No imaginary illegality prevents our adopting, the most suitable measures for .fulfilling the mission of the Church in preaching the ever lastiue Gospel. Tolerant yet steadfast in her faith and discipline— friendly, aud. willing to co-operate (wherever it is possible without compromise of principle) with other religious bodies in the promo tion of the moral and social welfareof the colony assuming nothing, and yielding nothing which is essential, our Church and ministry may exercise freely such influence as the position which God has assiarned them in the world justifies . aud requires. By Him alone can their efforts be made available; to Him alone be the glory of any usefulness which they possess.' Mr. C. B. You.vo moved, and Mr. N. Oldham secondcd-''That the thanks of the meetingbe given to the Lord Bishop for his valuable Pastoral Address, Report of the State\of the Diocese, and Statistical Returns, and that the same be printed.' The motion was carried. STANDING COMMUTER'S REPORT. The Secretary (Mr. F. Wicksteed) then read the following report frein the Stauding ? Com mittee :— 'Adelaide, April, 1S64. 'In accordance with Regulation No. 4, the Standing Committee elected by the Svnod of 1863-til now submit to you a report of their pro ceedings during the past year, and a statement of accounts duly audited, to which they refer you for information on all monetary transactions, and proceed to bring under your notice other matters of interest. 'Endowment of Churches.— In compliance with the resolution (see Report, IStn, page (W) of the last Synod— 'That it is desirable that a form of deeds or other documents to be given by the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel as security for endowments, or in acknowledgment of the terms upon which they receive funds for endowment, should be settled without any further delay, and that the Standing Committee be instructed to take the ne cessary steps accordingly'-the Committee did, on the 1st day of June last,' appoint a Sub-Committee (Messrs. Thrupp and Pelham) to confer with the attorneys on the matter. Considerable difficulty was found in attaining the object sought; in con sequence pf the power. of the attorneys not allowing them to act as trustees, and a draft power, entirely approved of by the Sub Oommittee, was .prepared by the attorneys' solicitor and sent to England for approval. Jiy tne April mail tpe attorneys have received a communication from the Secretary, stating that the Committee could not recommend the Society to adopt the drafts sent, and returning them for amendment and revision, but proposing another plan by which the same objects may, it is trusted, be attained. The attorneys have not had an opportunity (at the time of rating this report) of considering the nutter, but will doubtless give it early and serious attention. In the meantime, they have furnished the Committee with a schedule showing the portions of their income derived from rents of country lands and interest on loans which they have set aside for the purpose of securing the due fulfilment of their engagements to the various endowed churches; also, the cost of such lands and the amount of the loans. 'Alteration in the Plan of Grant in Aid.— The Committee have carried out the resolution (see Report, 1S63, pa«e U3) of calculating the amounts received by the ministers from weekly collections as an additional sitting for every pound received. This action has been unimnnrtant in us result. ' Widows and Orphans of Clergy Fund.— The Committee, finding gieat difficulty in satisfac torily carrying out the views adopted by the last Synod and workinz out the details (see Report, IStB, page 64), appointed a Sub- Committee, con sisting of the Rev. J. S. Jackson, Messrs. Blyth, Hawkes, and Young, who now offer an entirely new scheme, which the Committee subaiit for your serious consideration. 'Grant from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts.— The Committee regret to state that the Bishop has as yet received no authority to draw for any amount in aid for the current year; but your Secretary has written urging a renewal of the grant for three years, and they hope for a favourable answer after the annual meeting to be held in London in the month of March. ' GeneralChnrch Fund awl Home Mission —The Commitree regret to state that this account still continues t- fall oil' in amount, but as the expen diture has decreased in a far greater ratio (chiefly in couseuence of the reduction in the Secretary's salary, which, although cheerfully submitted to by him, leaves a very inadequate return of bis ser vices), they now leave a balance in hand which will enable their successors in office tn apportion a sum towards home missions, to which they regret to say no contribution has been made out of this fund since 1857. Under these circumstances they have deferred for the present a proposed alteratioii in the manner of keeping the accounts, namely, to charge a portion of the expenses to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, Allen's Pastoral Aid, and other funds in future. The Committee call attention to the list of subscriptions, I showing how liberally some of the Churches have responded to the call ; and trust that the example will be followed by others during the ensuing year, enabling their successors, while allowing a more literal expenditure, to contribute something considerable to the Home Mission. 'N.B.— In consequence of not having the Trea surer's lalancc-sheet before them, the Com mittee of last year made the mistake of congra tulating Synod upon the improvement of this fund, when in fact there was a considerable reduction in the receipts as compared with the preceding year. 'Bishop Pattesotfs Visit— The Lord Bishop, in compliance with the wish of the last Synod (Report, Ifittl page 61), invited the Lord Bishop of New Zealand and the Right Rev. Bishop Patteson to visit the diocese. Although the former was not able to avail himself of the invitution. the latter favoured the Church and the colony with a visit. He was received, the day after his arrival, at the Church OSicc, by a 'numerous body of Synodsmen and other members of the Church, and expressed himself much delighted with his reception. He remained in the colony about a fortnight, preaching and lecturing to numerous congregations and audiences, who showed their appreciation of the value of his work by contributing the sum of £200 in aid of the Melanesian mission; nor is this the only result, as several Churches have formed parochial Socie ties, and one has already forwarded a quarterly subscription. It is hoped that these examples may be generally followed, so that the assistance given by this, diocese maybe steadily continued. This is what the Bishop especially requested, in order that he might know upon what funds he might depend for the maintenance of his Melanc sian scholars from the various islands. ' Neville Blyth, ' Chairman of Standing Committee of Synod, 'April 27, 1S-}4-' On the~motion of Mr. C. B. Yodjjg, seconded by Air. F. Sanderson, the report was received and ordered to be printed. WIDOW AND ORPHAN FUND. , The following report of the Committee on this .subject was read and received, and ordered to be printed:— ''The Committee appointed by Synod to con sider the most practicable scheme for making pro vision for the families of deceased clergymen have had under their consideration since they presented their former report a scheme adopted by the' New- foundland Church Society, ? and successful y in operation in that diocese. The standing rules of the 'Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund' in New foundland, with other information a3 to its esta blishment, was kindly forwarded ^to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide by the Rev. John Pearson. Secretary to the abovenamed Society, and handed by His Lordship to the Committee for eonsidera ' After mature deliberation, the Committee have come to the conclusion that a scheme similar in principle to the one now referred to would be pre ferable to the plan recommended in their previous report, of assisting clergymen in the payment or premiums on life assurance policies. : ' The scheme that your Committee would sug gest for adoption in this diocese is as follows :— '1. The Standing Committee of Synod shall have the management of the fund, which shall be deposited in the Sayings Bank, or securely in vested from time to time '2. All clersymen in the diocese holding the Bishop's licence may secure the benefit of this Fund by contributing within six months from its establishment, or within one year of obtaining their licence from the Bishop, as follows :-(l) Un married clergymen and widowers without a child, £2 per annum; (2) married clergymen and widowers with a child, £4 per annum. Alter the expiration of the above term, clergymen shall only be allowed to come under the provision of the Fund by the permission of the Committee, and by paying double the amount that they would have pai'l had they availed themselves of its provisions ', at the proper time. '3. After the first payment subscriptions shall become due on the 31st December in every subse quent year; every clergyman neglecting to make paymsnt by that date, shall forfeit his claim upon the Fund, to be recovered only upon payment of arrears with ll) per cent, interest; but if two years' payments are in arrears the claim upon the1 Fund will be absolutely forfeited. '4. Every clergyman securing the benefit of this ' ' Fund will be expected to mate and forward to the Treasurer of Synod a yearly special collection from * his congregation. . , - , / „ '5. The widow of every clergyman who shall have paid his annual subscription, and forwarded an annual collection till his death, or if incapacitated by mental or bodily infirmity, shall have been excused by the Standing Committee from such ?payments, shall be entitled to receive a yearly pension of i30 during widowhood. The payment )f this pension being expressly guaranteed by the Synod under all circumstances. Should the Fund idmitof an increase of the amount of pension it prill be competent for the Standing Committee to grant such an amount as it may see fit. ' 6. If the widow die or marry again the pension shall be paid to trustees for the Benefit of such :hildren of the deceased husband as may be, if boys under 10, if girl? under 18 years of age; the trustees named by a deceased clergyman to be recognised by the Committee; or if no such trustees shall nave been named, or if they arc not able or willing to act, the Standing Committee may appoint any two members of the Church of England to be trustees. '7. If the wife die before her husband, his child Dr children shall receive the pension so long as there is a claimant under the preceding rule. '8. If a clergyman removes from the diocese be shall be entitled to receive back one- third amount lie has paid, which payment will of course release the Fund from all his claims upon it. This rule not to apply, in cases of temporary absence [rom the colony by permission of the Bishop. In ase, however, a cleryman shall, have held the Bishop's licence for a period of 20 years^ he shall be allowed in the event of his leaving his diocese to continue his payments, and remain on the same footing as if if still resident therein. '9. The yearly statement of accounts yrf the Fund shall be duly audited and laid before Synod jvery Easter. ... ' Your Committee append to this report the standing rules of the Newfoundland Fund, of which the above suggestions arc a modification, md the letter from the rev. Secretary that accom panied them.' MISSION TO THE ABORIGINES. The report of the Committee appointed for the establishment of a Church of England mission among the aborigines was then read by the Secretaey:— 'The Committee appointed to co-operate with the Lord Bishop in considering the feasibility' of establishing a Church of England Mission for the heathen aborigines of this province beg to report:— ' 1. That they turned their attention to Lacepede Bay and the Cporong, as suitable. si tea for a mis siouary institution similar to that existing at Point Macleay. The Rev. J. S. Jackson accordingly visited those places, and reported that. there were a greater number of aborigines on the Coorongthan at Lacepede Bay, and recommended a place called Policeman's Point as a desirable situation.* Appli cation was accordingly made for a grant of land at Policeman'iPoint. The site was, however, objected to for reasons stated in a letter from the Commis sioner of Crown Lands appended to this report. The distance from Adelaide has prevented a second visitjto[the. locality on the part of any mem ber of the Committee. '2. Whilst regretting that their labours have not been brought to a successful issue, your Com mittee are fully convinced of the desirability of establishing a native mission, and trust that the Synod will appoint another Committee to carry out the object. ' C. B. Young, Convener. ' ' Crown Lands and Immigration Office, Adelaide, December 29, 18(0. 'Gentlemen— I have the honour, by direction of the Commissioner, to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 17th ult., applying for a grant of that piece of land on the Cooroug known as Policeman's Point, for the purposes of an abo riginal institution similar to that at Point Macleay. 'I now enclose a copy of a memo, from the Surveyor-General with regard to the site applied for by you; and am directed by tho Commissioner to suggest that you should reconsider the mat.er with the view of selecting a different site. 'lam, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, 'Edw. Wildman, Secretary. 'Messrs. Dove, Young, and Jackson, care of the Rev. Geo. Dove, Walkerville.' 'Copy of Minute of Surveyor-General on No. 2(572-63,from Young, Dove, and Jackson, in re Portion of Reserve at .Policeman's Point for Aboriginal Institute. 'The site asked for is upon the east bank of the Coorong, directly on the leadins road from Ade laide to the South-Eastj and is otherwise objec tionable from being immediately between two public-houses, and at no great distance (alwut five miles) from each. The mile of agricultural land asked for would also be required to be at some distance to the east, and separated by a ridge of sandy hilly ground from the point. The mail horses are at present chansed there, and the well is a regular camping-place for travellers and for men passing up arid down with stock. To suc cessfully attain the object sought for. I should imagine the site should be as far as possible away from the general traffic, so far as is consistent with the requirements of the natives, and I would respectfully suggest that a better site be selected. \- ' G. W. Gotoer, Surveyor-GeneraL ' December 18. 1SC3.' The report was, on the motion of Mr. Young. seconded by Mr. Fullahton, received and ordered to be printed. BALANCE-SHEETS. The balance-sheets of the Diocese, of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, of the Trustees, of the Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund, of. the Mission to the Heathen, and other accounts, were laid before the Synod. The accounts were certified correct by the) Auditors. They were received and ordered to be printed. DAYS OF MEETING. Mr. C. B. Yodng moved, and Mr. J. '\V. Bull seconded— 'That the Synod meet during the session on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday in each week, at 3 o'clock, excepting Thursday next, that being Ascension Day.' OFFICE- BEAIlEItS. The election of members as Standing Committee was then proceeded with, Messrs. A. Blyth and W. J. Fullarton being appointed scrutineers. It resulted as follows :— Clergy— Rev. Canon Marryat, Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Rev. W. B. Andrews, Rev. George Dove, Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. Canon Russell, Rev. J. S. Jackson. Laymen Messrs. N. Blyth, T. O'Halloren, N. Oldbain, L, W. Tlirupp. C. B. Youn-r, L. J. Pelham, W. J. Fullarton, S. Goode, A. Blyth, F. Wicksteed. E. W. Wickcs, C. D. Cooper, J. Williams and F. Sanderson. Treasurers— Messrs. N. Oldham and T. O'Halloran. Secretary— Mr. F. Wicksteed Auditors— Messrs. L. W. Tlirupp and G. W. Hawkes. 