CORRESPONDENCE. THE IPSWICH MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. SIR,—A few weeks ago, in Ipswich, we had a somewhat limited notion of a Corporation being in existence by occasionally reading of those grand displays of empassioned oratory by which the meetings of that distinguished body was best recoginsed. But, alas ! for their spirited outpourings has suddenly collapsed, and Europe, as well as the world at large, is thrown into a state of darkness for the want of those rays of intellectual brightness that llluminated the proceedings of the patriotic and exalted body I refer to. How inexpressibly fervid was each little alderman when he had his little |ob to perform. How delightful it was to see one alderman supporting the Town- surveryor because he had a house to build and the other condemn- ing him because he was not in a similar posi- tion. How pleasant to look at the improve- ments surrounding the property of the alderman, and how terrible to see his brow, while doing this by the wilful destruction of his neigh- bour's property ; and how awful his appearance if a poor crawling ratepayer should expos- tulate. Frightful is he then--an excited gorilla beating his breast would be but a baby to him. Still, will it be believed, a more cowardly lot of fellows do not exist ; they are afraid of each other ; the word "sell" is their motto , and their consistency in this respect is wonderful. Look at yonder alderman as he is addressed at the corner of a street by a supplicating ratepayer. See the changes of his countenance ; attention sympathy, and virtuous indignation is expressed in it. Mark the digni- fied move of the hand as with a stern promise of what he will do at the next meeting, he misleads the poor ratepayer into the belief that something will be done. But watch the result : the day of meeting arrives ; the great alderman sits mute, he wont even give a glance towards that part of the room where the afflicted rate- payer is watching him in state of anxiety. The proceedings terminate by a few whimpers nothing is don,e and the alderman greater than ever issues forth to exhibit himself in the rays of the sun and amidst the smoke issuing from his black pipe pours out a lamentation over the ignorance and dishonesty of his brother alder- men. Surely in after ages the Ipswich Corporation and their works must be subject of much antiquarian research. The lifting and laying of the stones in the pyramids of Egypt is a great puzzle, but the mystery of their history will sink into insignificance in comparison with the monuments of art commonly called improve- ments performed by the Ipswich Corporation in the nineteenth century. How many brains will be racked to discover what priciple of science was acted upon, 0r whether the people residing in this locality were barbarous or not ; in fact it is hard to say what conclusions may be arrived at unless the ghost of some conscience-strieken alderman may rise, and under the influence of a " Home," make a clean breast of it. The Ipswich Corporation some few years since started with a revenue in the gross of about £3000 a year. Two years ago a debt re- mained unpaid, amounting to about £3000; during this period they have expended, as near as I can learn, say £16,000, principally received from land sales. The mischief done during this expenditure is incalculable, the principal street of the town has been destroyed, including con- siderable damage to public and private pro- perty, two houses of worship coming in for their share of it, and one so injuriously affected by it as to be to a certain extent dangerous of approach. A certain quantity of kerbing and guttering has been laid, as well as Macadamising, without regard to utility or permanency. This catches the eye of the casual observer, and he thinks the corporation are not so bad ; but if he only takes the trouble to make inquiry he will find that for this £10,000 not one thousand can be shown to have been expended judiciously ; and let me ask what better could be expected from a lot of brawlers, whose proceedings would sometimes disgrace the lowest tap-room ? But the worst of it is to come. When first the public discovered this precious body were noting and spending money in utter ignorance of their financial position, an inquiry was made, and they thought they owed about £3000. Now they find it to be £5000, and very probably in a month or so a couple of thousands more will be discovered. So that, with the com- mand of £16,000, instead of paying off the debt of £3000, they have increased it by £2000 and they now talk of borrowing £6000 more. Happy state of things this, particularly so with the certain prospect of a considerable reduction in the sources of the corporation. Next year the endowment from the government will be but half, while that arising from land sales must henceforth be considerably dimi- nished, the small quantity of land remaining unsold not being of much value. The manager ol' the Joint Stock Bank stopped the supplies the other day, and poor men were seen wander- ing about seeking for their hard-earned wages. Permission to draw for a few hundreds has been granted since ; what the next move on the board may be, is yet to be seen, and the question is whether this ignorant, reckless, jobbing body are to be countenanced in their design of increas- ing the present debt by borrowing £6000 for further squandering, and whether the ratepayers aro so apathetic as to submit to such a mon- strous proceeding ? To show to what, a pitch mutters have gone, they scarcely now hold a meeting ; so contempt- ible has their position become in their own esti- mation that they appear as if afraid to look at each other straight in the face. They are re- garded by the townspeople as a mockery and a nuisance, hence arose the desire so strongly evinced the other day to elect a person out of derision, and as no other candidate could be induced to come forward, this man must have gone in, but luckily all of the ratepayers signing his requisition had not paid their rates ; he was in consequence disqualified, and to the surprise of everyone a respectable tradesman accepted the office as a kind of Governor's nominee. What I have attempted to write is but a poor outline of what might be said, and I abstain from certain particulars as too deroga- tory to the town to even make mention of, but while I do so I hope and trust sufficient has been said to arouse the ratepayers even at the eleventh hour to adopt some course so as to check the pernicious proceedings of the body yelept the Ipswich Corporation. I am, Sir, yours, &e.;, A LOOKER-ON. Ipswich, November 2, 1861. 