MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. (From the European Times, January 12.) PENSIONS of £160 a-year for distinguished" or meritorious service have been conferred on Colonel Muller, of the 20th Depot Battalion; Colonel Waddy, C.B., of the 99th Regiment : Colonel M'Intyres, C.B., of the 78th Highlanders and Colonel Budd, of the 14th Regiment. The Globe states that the "anti-Crawley party" among the officers of the Inniskilling Dragoons, will have disappeared from the regiment before the publication of the next Army List. The fund which is in S regress to relieve Colonel Crawley of the expenses incurred by the recent court-martial at Aldershott now amounts to upwards of £1220. The expenses are said to amount to between £3000 and £1000. Mr. Woolley has been paid the whole amount of his claim for the fire at Campden house. The sum thus received, with interest, is nearly £30,000. The Earl of Durham left England, last week, for Alexandria, in order to meet his sister, the Countess of Elgin, widow of the late Governor-General of India, who is on her route to England. One of the Tyne ships, commonly believed to have foundered, cast upon the 6th, to the great joy of the friends of the crew. She left Amsterdam on the 2nd of December, and has been knocked about by the gale in the North Sea ever since. The guard of Marines has, we understand, been withdrawn from the steamer Pampero, supposed to have been built for a Confederate cruiser by Messrs. Thomson, which remains under the charge of the Customs authorities at Glasgow. It is said that a clever fellow has been for a long time manufacturing a very pure and fine spirit, free from all smell and flavour, from methylated spirits, which are duty free. The Chancellor of the Exchequer has had his attention drawn to the matter. Miss Nightingale, whose continued delicate state of health causes her many freinds much uneasiness, has expressed her intention, through Dr. Foote, of training, at the expense of her fund, recommended persons to serve as nurses in Constantinople. At the Somerset Sessions, on the 5th, Sir W. Miles stated that £840 had been collected towards the Speke testimonial. The committee had entrusted to Messrs. Garrard the execution of the work, which consisted of a piece of plate and two vases, emblematical of the Nile. The capital expended in this country on railways to the present time has been upwards of £385,600,000, or nearly half the National Debt. This amount has been devoted to the construction of 11,600 miles of railway in the British Islands, which are now open for traffic. It is stated that the Rev. Dr. Joseph Brown, who was translated the other day from Dalkeith to Glasgow, has rented the house in Sandyford place, Glasgow, formerly occupied by the Flemuttrs, and in which Jessie Macpherson was murdered. The consequence is, it is said, that the worthy clergyman cannot get domestic servants to live with him they are afraid of ghosts ! The Ashton Union and Emancipation Society has adopted an address to President Lincoln, which con- gratulates him on the " unqualified success" of the emancipation proclamation, and concludes as follows : —" We rejoice with you that victory is crowning your efforts to suppress a most wicked and infamous rebel- lion and restore to your country that unity without which it can have no true prosperity or lasting peace." During last week fifty wrecks were reported, making a total of 2720 for the last year. A blackbird with a white head was shot recently at Barmby Moor, York. The mortality betwixt the ages of forty. five and fifty-five amongst the whole population of England is at the rate of 18 in the 1000, while among publicans it is 28. A booking-clerk named Williams, in the employ of the South-Eastern Railway Company, at Dover station, has been apprehended on a charge of embezzling about £1000. There are five great houses now making paper col- lars, and these make some 300,000 weekly, or jointly 1,500,000. Assuming the price at 5s. per gross, we have a weekly consumption of £2500 of these collars. The system of running bloodhounds in search of a criminal is in full favour in the Yorkshire 'Wolds just now. The farmers are advertising for bloodhounds in order to try if they will be any more successful than the police In finding out the last Riding incendiaries The Maharajah Dhuleep Singh,' who recently purchased an estate in Norfolk, has presented £50 to each of the parishes over which it extends, with a view to its being distributed among the poor. The Maharajah, is fond of field sports, and endeavours in every respect to make himself popular as an English country gentleman. ' | ' It is now stated that Archdeacon West, of Dublin, will be appointed to the Deanery of St. Patrick. The value of the flax grown in Ireland last year was upwards of £4,000,000. The appointment of Medical Registrar for Ireland under the new Registration Act has been conferred upon Dr. William M Burke, one of the physicians of Steeven s Hospital, where he succeeded the late Sir' Henry Marsh. It was worth £500 a-year. " A manufactory of forged Austrian, bank notes nts ' been discovered in the churton of Facing. ' The Bordeaux journals announce the death in that I city of Madame Moreau de Teirelonges, aged 100 years and some months. Navigation has been stopped at Rotterdam, in can sequence of intense frost. A telegram from St.Peters burg states that the navigation was GIRO stopped at Cronstadt. The Archduke Maximilian and the Archduchess Charlotte were the first among the foreign princes to send by telegraph in the morning of New Year's Day their congratulations to the Emperor and Empress of the French. During a rehearsal of the ballet of Fiammetta," at the Grand Theatre of Trieste, last week, the dresses of several of the figurantes caught fire. One girl, only fourteen years of age, was so dreadfully burned that she died a few hours after. A telegram from St. Petersburgh states that telegraphic communication is now open between that capital and Irkutsk, on the frontier of Siberia, and on the route to Pekin. The distance from St. Petersburg to Irkoutsk is 5700 vents, and the post takes twenty three days. A Paris correspondent says it is rumoured that the Emperor has expressed displeasure at M. Dupin's speech on Poland, and still more at the applause which greeted it in the Senate. "Does he take me for Louis Philippe?" His Majesty is reported to have said. " By no means," was M. Dupin's reply, when somebody repeated the Emperor's words. An agricultural establishment has been founded by the authorities of the department of the Seine-at-Oise, near Versailles, in the neighbourhood of the Imperial school at Oiignon. It is intended for the reception of persons sentenced to imprisonment for begging, and also for the indigent poor who have no other means of existence. v Several deaths from the abuse of intoxicating liquors have taken place in Paris, since the cold weather has set in. A soldier of one of the battalions of Foot Chasseurs died suddenly of congestion of the brain, after having drunk a large quantity of brandy, and a Voltigeur of the Imperial Guard fell dead in the Bois de Boulogne from a similar cause. A French naval officer is said to have invented a kind of varnish which, on being applied to an iron plate, afterwards covered with copper sheathing and immersed into the sea for the space of five months, has been found to protect the iron most effectually, by preventing the galvanic action between the two metals, to which action, in conjunction with that of oxidation, the gradual deterioration of iron ships' bottoms is mainly attributable. A new fossil and extinct species of seal, which Professor Owen has named the rough-toothed seal (phoca rvgoutidens), has lately been discovered in the calcareous Sandstone of Gozo, Five teeth were found the site ; but apparently no other portion of the animal. Professor Owen considers this a very interesting discovery, and has communicated with Dr. L. Adams with reference to any further remains that may turn up in any of the Maltese islands. A district has been discovered in Russia of similar formation to that of the oil producing regions of Pennsylvania and other parts of America. The Rev. F. Monod, one of the most respected pas- tors of the French Protestant Church in Paris, has just succumbed to a malady from which he had been long suffering. The annual pilgrimage to the sacred places of Medina and Mecca has started from the imperial palace of the Sultan. The Turkish presents sent by the Imperial family were of the most gorgeous and costly, character. On the first night of the new year, about 100 of the English working classes in Paris were entertained in a school room, connected with the English, church, when addresses were delivered by English ministers. It is calculated that Paris every day consumes 250 oxen, 300 calves, 300 pigs, and 1200 sheep to say nothing of poultry and game and that the Parisians yearly eat cheese at dessert to the value of £10,000. the present royal family of Prussia is one of the largest in Europe, counting no fewer than fifty-one members, including the branches of Hohenzollern Hechingen and Hohen-zollern-Sigmarengen, incorporated by decree of March 20th, 1850, with the main line. " The total number of head of game killed at the five grand batteries organised at Compiegne during the late sojourn of the court at that residence, was 5383, consisting of 168 deer, 419 hares, 2518 rabbits, 2056 pheasants, 216 partridges, 3 woodcocks, and 3 other birds. On four occasions the number of guns was nine only, and on the fifth ten. The Cathedral of Berlin has just received a gift on the Occasion of the erection of a new marble altar. The gift alluded to is an embroidered altar cloth, which was presented by the Queen of Prussia, at whose desire all the princesses of the royal family took part in the manufacture of the offering, and each division bears the initials of the princess by whose hand that particular portion was executed. It appears from the Corriere Mercantile of Genoa that one of the most classical spots of Italy, Lake Thrasymenus, where Hannibal defeated the Romans under Flaminius, B.C. 217, " is about to be desecrated for sordid money-making purposes 1" This lake, though rich in glory, is not quite so rich in fish, it having been calculated that it scarcely yields 7500. per annum on that score, though it boasts the finest eels in Italy ; while, if dried up, the land would fetch twenty times that sum. A company has been formed to carry out the plan, but meets with great opposition at present from those who contend that the operation would generate malaria. The Bishop of Ely, after providing for his servants and leaving one or two legacies, has bequeathed the whole of his remaining property to public charities and societies. Amongst those enumerated are the Christian Knowledge Society, the Gospel Propagation Society, the National Society, and the Curates' Aid Society. FRENCH INTBBMARBIAGEB.-A circular, lately addressed by the French Minister of the Interior to pre- fects of departments requiring information with respect to the offspring of near relations united in marriage, is exciting great attention. The facts collected by the committee appointed by the Academy of Sciences give to the minister's circular additional interest. At the last sitting of the Institute, one of the members-a medical practitioner called attention to some facts observed by him in his practice. Of 54 marriages between relations of the third and fourth degree, 14 were sterile, seven produced children who all died in their infancy, 18 produced scrofulous or ricketty children. The offspring of the remaining 15 families gave no cause for observation. A NIGHTINGALE'S NESTA Custom-house officer kBs just discovered at Rocca bruna, close to Monaco, a Nightingale's nest-with the thorn, of course, stick- ing up in the centre-that is, rich rigueur-and five young nightingales just hatched. The phenomenon has attracted crowds of visitors from Monaco, Mentone, end Nice. The attendance was so great that the lucky finder thought it would be too much for the infants, and perhaps cause their death, when, of course, the mother would have impaled herself on the hour above-mentioned, and he himself have lost all the benefit of his discovery, accordingly he closed the exhibition, and looked out for a private purchaser, which he has since found in the person of " a rich capitalist-of course English," who has given 5000. for the mother and the five sucking nightingales." Letter from Paris. 