THE MAYORALTY. MEETING AT NORTH ADELAIDE. A meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. W.K. Thomas took place at the Huntsman's Hotel, O'Connell- <*> street, North Adelaide, on Friday evening. November 25. There were about 100 persons present. Air. %J. 11. ?jrOODE was causa w we cuair, ?nu, niwr open ing the meeting, stated that, although it mas a meeting or Mr. Thomas's friends, yet they bad no wish to repress the expression of opinion upon the otaercandidate. He trusted they would give each speaker a patient and respectful hearing, as the matter of electing toe chief Magistrate of the city was of preat importance. He hoped that the city would make a wise choice-such a choice, in fact, as would conduce to the wellbeine of the community. (Cheers.) The Hon. E. McErxiBTEB moved the first resolution:— ?•That Mr. W. K. Thomas is a fit and proper person to occupy the position of Mayor." He thought Mr. Thomas had great claims upon the colony as being one of its founders. Mr. Thomas"would not have come forward with out beine asked; bnt he thought bis conduct had been euch as to entitle him to occupy the position of Mayor. (Cheers.) He did r.ot wish to say anything derogatory of Mr. Town eeod; butbewonld gay if they elected him they would be castings slur upon the City Council. (Hear, bear.) What had Mr. Townsend done for the city to entitle bim to be Mayor? He trusted they would not insult Kr. Thomas by electing each an ambitious man as Mr Townsend. (Oh.) Mr. Townsendhad the giftortbegab; he could Jell a rattling story or sins a good song to suit (tbem-(laughter)-but if tbpy wanted a sober, steady man of business, they aboold elect Mr. Thomas? (Cheers.) If Mr. Townsend wanted to be Mayor let him go in as Councillor first, and he would support him then. Mr. Townsend was a Justice of the Peace and a member of Parliament, and be had enough to do In these capacities without lotrud'ng himself upon the city. (Mr. Eaphael-" 1,000 signatures/ Laughter) Well, what of that, when, as he was informed those signatures cast2B.6d. apiece. (Laughter, and no.) Mr. Townsend's tact had only been shown in his auctioneering capacities, and in bis "lights and Shadows or London Life." (Laughter.) What land of business man was Mr. Xownsend? (Mr. Baphael— "a successful man.") Oh no. Where Mr. Baphael could ?ell 90 pairs of breeches Mr. Townsend could not sell one. (Boars.) He bad great pleasure In proposing the resolution. Mr. D. Gabuck bad considerable gratification in second ing It Regarding Mr. Thomas, he would say he had known bim for 27 years, and be could defy any one to prove that he had ever done a dishonorable action in his life. (Plaudits) No one could point to a single instance where Mr. Thomas bad oppressed a poor man. (Confusion.) From the time Mr. Thomas was a boy np to the present day, every one felt great respect for bim. (Cheers.) If any one of his bands was away a week from illness, he always pot paid just as if he had been at work. It was said Mr. Thomas was not a pnblic man, bnt be had worked for the m>odorihepnb]i-:inso wayswhiob they knewnotbing shoot. There was not a single man in th? Council tbat was any thing but honorable, aod it woold be a shame of them while such was the case if they elected anybody out of the Coun cil. What would the Assembly think if it was proposed that the Speaker should be elected out of tbe House? (Oh, and "They can't.") He knew that they had not the power; but because they, the citizens, had the power should they abuse it? (Contusion.) The present Councillors were men of education, men of ability, and business men. end what did they want better than that? (" A better one.") He hoped they would show their confidence in the present Council by electing a Mayor from tbe Councillors. (Cheers.) Mr. W. C. Bcik bad pleasure in supporting the motion, and he would put it to thm that as Mr. Thomas had spent several hours a week In serving the interests of the city for tbe last year, would it be fur to go outside the Council for a Mayor, when there was a memfer connected with it qualified for the office ? He felt this strongly, and be did not' Link the citizens considered it sufficiently. From what be knew of Mr. Tbomas -and be bad known him for a long time—he believed he would confer consider able honor upon the civic chair. (Cheers ) If they elected Mr. Tbomas to the position of Mayor, they would be electing one whose character would bear the minutest inspection: he did not say Mr. Town send's would. As to bis not having any right to support Mr. Tbomas because tie was Deputy Beturning- Omoer, he would say that be did not intend to bold that position at tbe approaching election. Respecting the charged that bad been made asalnst the Coancil, he was strongly of opinion tbat they were made for a motive. (Cheers, j They were made to show Ciat tbe Council were corrupt; that Mr. Thomas was also corrupt; and that he was consequently unfit to hold the office of Mayor. (Cheere.) As to the meeting at the Council Chamber the other night having been convened to advance Mr. Thomas's cause be would say that be knew nothing of it until he saw the advertisement. The Mayor thought tbe charges shonld be refuted, although he (Mr. Bulk) felt they were scarcely worth a moment's notice. Not a single ohargc would bear inspection a moment. Respecting the leasing of the Park Lands he would state that the former Council went to tbe expense of .£4OO or £600 in planting tbe lucerne paddocks, and the present Council had let them on such terms as would prevent tbe dry from any loss. There was another matter connected with the Park Lands which required ex planation. Tbe Council offered Mr. Baker, when he got out bis steam plough, .£1 an acre to trench a portion of the Park Lands (about 100 acres). Mr. Baker refused because the ground was too bard, aod they then let it to an indi vidual on the following- terms: —the first year he was to pay £10; the second year, £12; and the third year. £20; the lessee promising to plough it np and improve it. At the end of tbe third year be had tbe right of renewal for four years more, at JE2O per year. Now, if anyone would look at tlie land they would see mat the Council h-.d done the best for the city, for they had saved £100, and the interest on that, and were actually gaining a revenue from the land which they thought they should have to par to trench. If there was any other charge made against the Council he was ready to meet it. He believed the present Coancil were actuated with a desire to advance the interests of the city. (Cheers.) Be bad great pleasure in supporting Mr. Thomas. (Ap plause.) Mr. G. Newman said Mr. Townsend bad worked hard for the public good, and he had to propose him as the most fit and proper person to be Mayor. Th<> privilege of electing the Mayor was given to the citizens, and they could either elect him in or oat of tbe Council, just as they liked. The alteration in the election of Mayor showed that disgrace had attended previous elections—(Ob!)—else why would tbe privilege have been taken away from the Council? (Cheers .) He hoped the people would elect tbe best man, and if they wanted to elect the best man they would choose Mr. Townsend. (Cheers.) He had much pleasure in proposing; an amendment, that Mr. Townsend was the most fit ana proper person to occupy the position of Mayor. (Applause.) Mr. G. Downs seconded the amendment, and said if Mr. Tbomas had tbe talents which bis supporters said he had, he had not previously done Ids duty to the city, for nothing bad ever been been heard of him till tbe lnst 11 months. (Cheers and confusion.) Tbe present Council had done a great many wrongs. The old Park Lands Banger told them tbat he could not carry out his duty without assistance; and they said he must resign. They put in a new man to the office, and the first thing they did i was to give him assistance. Now was that advancing the interests of the dty? Mr. Townsend had raised Xl.ooo for public institutions, but Mr. Tbomas had done nothing of the kind, and therefore he urged them to elect Mr. Townsend. (Cheers.) Mr. Boik rose amid great confusion to reply to tbe charge of tbe last speaker against tbe Council. After order was restored be said on investigation it was found that Mr. Tnnner (the old Banger) was sadly neglecting his duty, more than double tbenumber of cattle being depastured on tbe Pork Lands than were licensed. Under the present offioer tbe licences were more than doubled, and he proposed a plan by which the sand Hcencesmigbt become a source of revenue to tbe Council if extras ssistanceweregiven to him, which was done. FnllyXl per day was saved by tbe present appointment. (Plaudits .) Mr. S. Raphael rose amid cheers and hisses. He said Mr. Tanner was ill at the time Mr. Baker and the City Sur veyor dodged him about. Mr. Tanner on finding out what they were doing went to tbe office and said he would resign if be was treated in that way. They wanted him to hold office till December, but he would not. Mr. Tanner wanted water to drink, but the Council would not allow it him. (Cheers and confusion.) Mr. Baker dodged him about to make him leave for the purpose of putting in one of bis own friends— (" brother-in-law ".) As a colonist of 25 years' standing Mr. Tanner had been greatly 111-used. The present officer had never lived in the city, and yet he was receiving tbe money of the citizens, while Mr. Tanner had bean a citizen of 26 years' standing. Was that doing justice to the dty? (Cheers) He hid something more to (ay about the conduct of the Council. A respectful petition of cabmen was presented to tbe Council some time ago, but it was thrown into the dost bin. He was tberc htmnplf, and he felt the Council did not do their duty to tiie citizens, bat treated them with con tempt. Was tbat the way to treat a petition of the citizens? (Cheers.l Respecting the stone of the S tone-Cnuhing Com pany, Mr. Thomas eaid they were bound to accept the lowest tender. Mr. Thomas -1 rise toorder. Mr. Baphael is quoting me incorrectly. What I said was that we were bound to accept tbe lowest tender, all other tilings being equal and fair. (Great cheering.) Mr. Baprael then proceeded amid laughter and cheers to read from the report, which slated tbat which Mr. Thames had just said. He produced some stone which he •aid bad been cracked tbat evening, and which had come from the Stone Crashing Company's quarry. Any one could in?p'-ot ttie metal and eec what it wae like A look at it would show that by acr?ptio^ the contract, tbe Council were fritting sway their money, for it was nothing better than pulverised rubtiisli. ((jreat disorder ) Mr. Thomas—l call him to order, tie baa not said whether be is speaking to the amendment or not. Mr. Uapbael-I am sneaking to tbe amendment. Mr. TnOMAS -Well. I have another poiut. This meeting was calleJ by my friends. It is now •? o.olock. and lam ex pected to address tbe meeting. This man is talking against time. (Loud cheers.) I think fam entitled to be heard. (Applause.) Mr. itArn/ux resumed, and eaid be was quite prepared to shut up if the meeting wished it. (Go on) The Chairman pat it to the meeting whether Mr. ilapbael should prooeed with his speech or not. The Chairman, on a show of bands, said they were so equal he coulJ not Bay which side bad tbe majority. Hie Uon. J. 11. Babbow suggested that every speaker should be heard out, provided he confined his remarks within reasonable limits The Chairman put the question to the vote, whether Mr. Bapbael should go on, and declared the majority to be against his prooeedlui; with bis speech, but as there wal some ai?putc whether it was not a tie, Mr. lUphael was .allowed to prooeed. He then con tinued upon tbe etone question, and said that there were two members of the Corporation members of the Stone Com pany, and he bad spoken to one of the other tenderers, who told him .that be and others had to send in tenders, bnt tbe Corapanyont* sent in a letter, which was banded about tbe Council. (" It's not true," from Mr. Thomas.) Sir. Hughes, the Town Clerk, was the Mayor and Corporation. (Loud cheers, and cries of "No.") Whatever Mr. Hughes said was right and the Councillors ba>l not a mind of their own. and they only sat there to deceive the citizens, and It was time they had a change, and they required an outsider, as there was a Corporation clique, which ebonld be got rl) of. Mr. Dale supported the amendment. He believed each ?rentleman candidate should be weighed on bis individual merits, aod he thought that if there was corruption, it should not follow that all were corrupt. Mr. Thomas he respected as a citizen, but at tbe same lime he should look to Mr. Townsend, and if there was one more suitable for the situation, Mr. Townsend. from his position in tbe mercan tile world, gave bim en experience which made him the most suitable man tbat cotld br lonnd in ttie colony. With regard to Mr. Thomas, there hid lately been no questions to teat men. bnt in the last eleven years there was no public question] hi which Mr. Townsend did not iutelero to the satisfaction of the colony, except in one or two instances >erbaps. <<>h, ob.) Kul when some of the citizens I brought forward Mr. Thomas, he told them hi [would <li> hii> duty; but it lie went into the Council and cave liia vote upon some question aeftin'tthe public interest, could they uplirai<l him for it <" No.*") Bnt they knew Mr. I ownsenrt. and that he had never deceived them. (A voice— " Tile Kootliby question." and loud uproar ( Mr. Townsvod never pledged liimeelf to the Bootlil>y cause. (Cheers, and ??he did ;he did.") Mr. Dale coutinued. tbat tbe Mayor of Manchester, aod other Mayors had been iv the same situa tion Tbe question was. it those Mayors could occupy the positions, and occupy their seats in Parliament, wbleh was two or three hundred miles away, how could Ruoh an argu ment be advanced ag?inet Mr. Townwnd ? Another reaxon why he would support Mr. Townwml was. that he could -;o into I arliament and support their interests as well as bin constituents of Onkaparioira. Finally, he supported Mr. Townsend, because he possessed more ability than his opponent. It had bpen etid by some of his op ponents tbat they wooSd xupport Mr. Townsend tv a Couo eillur, and then be wou'd say that if be wag fit to be a Councillor be w>< ttt to be a Mayor. Mr. J. M. Solomon addressed tbe meeting, and eaid that if be regretted anything more than another, it was to oee his fellow citizens listen to co muoJi clap- trap as had been uttered tbat night Be appeared not exactly as a partisan —(oh. ob. and hear)—but to support the beat man, and he be thought Mr. Thomas the beat man, and considered the arguments in favour of Mr. Townsend were witboat any foundation. That argument was that he could speak an-l be eloquent, but be hrld tbat those very points which wen urged |n his fnYoni were tbe argument* ffbv u# ww not toe most fit, beeanaetber wanted ? man who would not eel no every minute to ftbe his opinion, but to alt quietly and deliberate ; and the, Mayor should be one who could com mand ttie respect of the citizens, fta But the qnaliUM which it was said Mr. Townsend possessed were those which, to hU mind, disqualified him. Tbe question was Who was the best man? And he maintained that Mr" Tbomas, as a man for tbe office and In whom deliberation* was required, was tbe best man. (Uproar.) Now, those who heard Mr. Thomas's speech the previous night mast have seen that in an educational point of view he was ray far superior to Mr Towneend. (Cheers, andKo. noj He regretted that so much personal feeling had been mixed np in the present contest. "(ThotwiSDeganttnrsV'andnoiseJ Mr. Solomon continued, that he beard from good authority that at the meeting at tbe Theatre persons were disposed about the place to groan and hoot, and prevent Mr. Thomas being beard. Great confusion and noise here interrupted the pro ceedings, which continued some minutes, when Mr. Town send came into the room and was greeted with uproarious plaudits by a large portion of the meeting. After (Treat delay caused by Mr. Dale protesting against Mr. Solomon saying that tbe meeting at the Theatre was packed. Mr. Solohos resumed, and said that what he did say was that there were persons there misbehaving themselves, and be said he believed they were placed there, and mentioned that he spotted one person by name, and by that ">—?? quieted him, and therefore be felt justified in believing, aa be did. that he was placed there. (No, no.) He repeated that tbe question was whether the argumentative ability possessed by Mr. Townsend qualified him for the office, and whether Mr. Thomas, not having that ability, but being in other respects his equal, was not the best man. Mr. Thomas then addressed the meeting. He said be wished to put himself ri^ht with the electors of North Ade laide with reference to bis non-attendanoe at the previous meeting at North Adelaide, and explained that he was ore vented attending, as it was not convenient. Be said that he had great respect for some of Mr. Townsend ? supporters, and by whom he had been treated with great respect; but those of whom he had to complain he should have to deal with that night Mr. Bagot he had a greu respect for. and did not complain of him lor being a supporter of his oppo nent, but be did complain of bis telling the meeting the pre vious night that it was wrong of the Mayor to call the meet ing at the Town Hall with reference to tbe charges made against the Corporation till after the elec tion for Mayor was over, when he knew that during the whole intermediate time the stigma of corruption would remain attached to the whole Council of which be was a member. He then refened to tbe meeting at the Town Halt, called to rebut the charges, eat described the disorder which took place there, which, be said, was pt up to prevent an explanation being given, aod he te heved that a number of persons at that meeting went there for the pnrpose of upsetting It (No, no.) He did not cay that Mr. Towusend'e Committee did; bat some of the persons did; but what took place? A com- ' mittee was appointed to go Into those charges after the present contest was settled, and In the meantime those charges would remain unproved against him. and the whole contest would be affected by it. When be was retained 13 months ago, be had no desire to go there; but he went in on a point of duty, and he came forward now on a point of duty, and he could say that he had been pre sent at every meeting of tbe Council. The Council was nota talking-shop, butit was a deliberative body, and be be lieved many of tbe members of Parliament did as much good by the silent vote, aa those who talked always, and a silent vote in the Council was as useful as it was in the Parliament. Then with tegard to the chaises of Mr Clark, be could prove he was actuated by malice, and after they bad beard him he would leave them to Judge, Many remembered tbe trial of ''Murray v. Thomson;" he would read from the report of the case. (" Is It the JtegiMerf) res, tmt they would see from the report that it was an issue sent np from the equity eide of the Court concerning 39 mining shares, which Mr. Jno. CUrie ? had assigned. (Great uproar.) Mr. J. M. Solomon rose to a point of order. He said toe extract which Mr. Thomas wae reading had reference to Mr. Clark's private affairs, which he considered should not be introduced into that meeting. Mr. Tbohas would then just ask to be allowed to give one sentence which Mr. Clark made to his late partner, Mr. Anthony Foreter, with reference to the report of that case. He eaid to Mr. Forster, "As sure as there is a God in Heaven I will be revenged." ("How do you know it?") He assured them tbat what he was saying was true. He did not want to go into Mr. Clark's private character, bat his own character bad been attacked by him, and he would read a statement signed "K. C. Longeon." Mr. Thomas read from a paper as follows;—"Mr. Lrogson states tbat Mr. John Clark means to speak against Mr. Thomas at the Theatre on Tuesday night on the grounds that the Register ones tried to crush him. He says he attributes it to Mr, Thomas, aa be had several interviews with bim on the subject." (Load uproar.) Tbat was a matter of fact, and if they asked Mr. Longson he would confirm it; and therefore if those charges maiic by Mr. Clark were true they should have been brought forward months ago. tie did not want to go into Mr. Clark's private afiairs, but when be attacked him he was justified in showing the reason, and without going further into the matter he would cay that he considered he had sufibsent grounds to say that Mr; Clark, in laying those charges, acted with malice. He could prove that the whole of the charges rnad* a*ainat the Corporation were untrue, and although it was so bite he would do so if they wished it Did they wish It? (No, no, and yes, yes.) It was very late, but his character was at stake. He read the charges trade by Mr. Clark, and asked tbe meeting if there was a single man present woo believed them. (Apparently unanimous cries of " no.") Mr. Baphael-Yes. Mr. Thomas appealed ;to the meeting again, end asked whether the charges were true? Louder cries of •? No, no" wa? the answer. Mr. Thomas—Then yoa are all or opinion that Mr Bapbael is not to be believed? (Hear. bear, and cheers ) Be continued that he had worked hard, and, he believed, well; and was a friend to the working men, and would do justice to them. In fact, he would da justice to the rich as well as to the working man; because the balance should be held equally between all. But with regard to ytxt charges made by Mr. Clark, he did not wish to injure any """v or denounce any man; but he had been denounced for the purposes or the election, and for that purpose Mr. Clark had brought forward those charges, and he had a right to rebut what he had said, and he believed be was actuated by malice; but he hoped all would attend on the day of elec tion, and then they would see who was tbe bat man. The Chairman then read the motion tbat Mr. Thomas was a fit and proper person to represent them as Mayor, and the amendment, that Mr. Townsend was a fit and proper person. Tbe amendment was pnt with a large show or hands, fol lowed by loud cheers. Tbe motion was then pnt, and a large show of hands fol lowed, which was also received by loud cheers. Several persons claimed the majority for tbe amendment, and others were loud in claiming it for the motion. During the hubbub calls of "divide, divide " sprung op. The < nAiBMAU settled tbe dispute by saying that in his opinion the amendment was carried, and therefore the show of bands was in favor of Mr. Townsend, which, was received with loud cheers. Mr. Towhserd now addressed the meeting, and said that he had come over because he heard some persons had been saying behind his back things tnat were untrue; and he came to deny the statement of Mr HeEUister about the signatures to the requisition. Mr. Townsend was proceeding to address tbe meeting upon the general question of the election of Mayor, when Mr. Tbohas protested, and said he did not think tbat it was right that Mr. Townsend should go on, as it was a meeting ot his (Mr. Thomas's) own supporters. He did not attend and interrupt Mr. Townsend's meetinfs.and he would say it was noSar. Mr. Townsend continued amidst load cheers, and defended his conduct in addressing the meeting, particularly as be had the show of hands in his favour. Mr. Thomas said he based his claim upon their euffra?es; not that he was a pnblic man. but to bis connexion with the Beoista: (No, no and uproar.) Mr. Townsend read an extract from the Register, and said they never spoke out npon public questions except they had a personal interest to serve, as on the squatting question, and then they were opposed to the people; and be would challenge Mr. Thomas to prove that the Register ever ad vocated the rights ofthe city when the question was between the country districts and the city, and they all knew that the Begister had assisted to rob tbe city of two members in the Parliament in speaking- in favor of the re duction of the old number or six members to the present number or four. He admitted that one of his supporters had made indiscreet statements, and he understood through an indiscreet expression of one or his supporters Mr. Thomas based his claims to the chair. (N0.n0.) He felt gratified to find that at two of Mr. Thomas's meetings the majority had been in his favor. (A voice—•• Torrens's Act,whsre ware you?" Mr. Towksend said he voted for Torrens' *?ft. and con cluded by expressing bis thanks for tbe expression of opinion which they had given in his favor that night, and proposed a vote of th^nfcti to the chair. Mr. Thomas contended that he had a ri?ht to be beard. He Considered Mr. Totmsend had acted most improperly in coming to his meeting. He would not detain them as they were unwilling to hear him. but he would second tbe motion. Mr. J. W. Pebtmas asked as Mr. Townaend's party had made political capital out of certain charges which bad been made against tbe Corporation, whether Mr. Townsend was willing to have them settled before the election or not ? Mr. Townsend esid he had not made the charges, for be believed most of them had been refuted. Mr. Thokas—Then some of the charges are sticking to us yet Mr. Townsend -There was one charge he did believe, and that was that Mr. Tbomas was not fit to be Mayor. (Lsngbter.) Mr. Thomas seconded tbe motion, and said the day of election would decide whether he was Ut to be Mayor or not. (Cheers.) J'hr Chairman acknowledged the oomplimeat, and the meeting, which had been very disorderly, broke np. Me?sre. Steele, Leslie, and Taylor gave their first entertainment at the Victoria Theatre on Friday evening, the 25th instant. There was a very crowded and fashionable audience, and the whole entertainment went off with great success. Before the performances commenced Mr. Leslie offered an apology for any defects that might be obscrrable during the evening, as the delay in the arrival of tho Rangatira bad not allowed tho time requisite for making all the ar rangements lie considered necessary. Mr. Leslie's apology was very well received by tho audience, and tho curtain then roso upon the panorama illustrating the American War. This comprised twelve remark ably spirited aud elegantly painted views of the most celebrated events iv the greatest civil strugelo of the age. Mr. Leslie gave a descriptive account of each locality as it appeared on the canvas, and interspersed his lecture with several amusing anecdotes, delivered with inimitable humor. Mr. Steele also performed on the piano during the shifting of tho scenes. The second part of the programme commenced with s violoncello solo by Mr. Steele, whose execution was, on this occasion, as heretofore, most careful and accurate Mr. J. R. Taylor then sang a capital song, and the Amateur Christy Mmgtrels, assisted by Mr. Leslie, performed several of the pretty negro melodies which bear the Christy*' name. The entertainment concluded with the "Carnival D'Afriqup," or masquerade ball, a most amosiog per formance, in which Mr. Lfalio as Slim Jim convulsed the audionco with laughter. At the fell of the curtain Mr. Leslie was loudly called for, and expressed bis acknowledgment* for the patronage bestowed upon the entortaiument. He also announced that this evening would be the last entertainment they would 1)0 able to give in Adelaide, as they left by the mail steamer for India. As a matter of course Uio theatre will be rrowdp.l this evening, for ihe public will not lose tho opportunity of seeing for the last time such thorough favorites as Mewrs. Steele and Leslie have prored themselves- to be. The only matter for regret •is that tliis w the last avenine; for the entertainment is 00 good that wo are sure it would have had a very surwsuful run. We trust that in their tour in Uioia a.id China the proprietors may meet with that decree of support to which the ?r*nce ?f their MitertoM ment undoubtedly entitles them. By* reference to our advertising columns it will be •fn. l |Df t tDO optical delusion known ?c the "Ghost will be ex- In consequence of the tender of Mr. *'???? Reynolds being accepted for the building or the Town Hall at Port Adelaide, be will retire from tna Mayoralty. Some other person will haw to be nomi nated to-day. We hear Beveral name* mentioned— Mr. J. W. Smith, Captain Bickers, and othew—as hoing asked to consent to be nominated. It u*\ pretent uncertain who will be the coming man, 