OTAGO. We have Dunedin papers to the 12th July. The winter appears to have fairly set in, and there seemed to be a good prospect of the beds of the rivers being fully tested. The following is from the local papers: — The Dunstan Times says — THE MOLYNEUX. — The river during the last few days has been going down very rapidly, consequent upon the extreme frosty weather. The fall during the last three days has been over a foot in the per- pendicular, and appearances indicate that the pre- sent season will be more favorable for extracting the gold from the rich beaches of the Molyneux than has been the case since the precious metal was first dis- covered on its banks. The level while we write is some few inches below that of any period this winter, and a very large amount of highly auriferous ground is uncovered, and waiting for occupiers to come and take up claims and extract the golden treasure. As far as our very limited population is concerned, they are almost to a man doing extremely well, and in possession of claims which, with a continuance of this really favorable weather, will handsomely repay them for the many months of idle time they have spent in waiting for the receding of the waters. Up the river, in the direction of Hart- ley's Beach, also at the Kawarau Gorge and Quartz Reef Point, some really first-class claims have within the last few days been opened, while those sluicing parties having a good supply of water, in conse- quence of so much beach being daily uncovered by the continual falling of the river, are releasing fabul- ous returns, from £15 to £25 per man per week being by no means uncommon; while even with the tub and cradle a like sum is in numbers of cases being obtained. From old residents in the Province we find that the river is likely to continue falling for the next eight or ten weeks, and that appear- ances indicate a repetition of the very severe winter of nine years past. With this fact before us, we see no reason to fear but that all comers, let them be from places ever so remote, will have an almost certain chance of realising, as the proceeds of a few weeks on the banks of the Molyneux, a sum which in other places it might take years to realise; and we feel thoroughly justified in recommending all who can make it convenient to do so to come and spend a few short weeks in the neighborhood of the Dunstan. Between Sandy Point and the Manuherikia Junction some capital claims have been opened, and prospects of from one to three pennyweights to the shovelful is a very common occurrence. The new Dredging Company have come upon some very good ground, and now that the damage lately sustained by their new spoon is repaired, dredging operations are going on most prosperously. Mr Brown, the inventor of the self- acting current wheel, has successfully got his machine into work, and it promises to realise all the most sanguine expectations of its inventor. THE WEATHER.-The Daily Times of the 5th July says: — The rigors of winter have produced their usual consequences to travellers in the interior. On Wednesday evening last, Cobb's coach had to proceed through one of the severest snowstorms that have been experienced in Otago. Between West Taieri and the Deep Stream, a continuous fall of snow, accompanied by terrific winds, prevailed. On going up the Taieri Hill a trace broke, and was repaired only with great difficulty. On reaching the summit the drifting snow was so intense as to make it almost impossible to proceed; in fact, but for the indomitable pluck of the driver and passengers, they would all have had to remain out during the night. So intense was the cold, that a passenger, whilst casually holding the reins for the driver, had his fingers frost-bitten in a few moments. Both up and down coaches were delayed by the snow on the Lammerlaw Ranges, and the drivers and passengers suffered excessively from the severe cold. In future, the coaches will take the route via Waikouaiti, which is much less exposed than the usual track." DEATH FROM EXPOSURE. —The Mount Bangor cor- respondent of the Daily Times, writing on the 6th July, narrates: — A very painful case of death from exposure has just occurred, and which had very nearly resulted in the death of the constable em- ployed. It appears that some sixteen days ago a party of three miners were crossing a portion of the range between this and the Waikia, when one of their number (William Pitts) suddenly declared himself unable to proceed and sat down. He then said that he was done up, and must have some tea before he could proceed. One of his mates, seeing his state, started to procure food, and was shortly followed by the other, bent upon the same object. Upon their return they found their unfortunate comrade dead. The weather during their journey had, of course, been fearful. Information was at once brought by the survivors to the police at the Teviot. It was decided that to bring in the body would be a work of impossibility, and Police Constable O'Neil was despatched to see the body buried, &c.;, &e.; He left on the morning of the 25th ultimo, and on the evening of the 27th made the spot where the body lay, having undergone some privations in travelling over some twenty-eight miles of the worst country to be found in Otago. The constable then made a coffin out of an old sluice-box, and the following morning buried the body — after having dragged the coffin over the snow a distance of upwards of a mile. The party, three in number, then started on their return journey, and were soon overtaken by a snow storm of a terrific nature, during which they had to forsake their swags, containing all their provisions; and had it not been for the intrepidity of one of the party, a miner named Neal, all must have perished. This man appears to have sup- ported both the others, or nearly so, for a considerable distance — till, at last, they reached the Shelter Shed, six miles from the Gorge. This they found half full of snow. With out food of any kind, and as a place of shelter, per- fectly useless. To remain in it, was certain death! It was then snowing a perfect hurricane; but pro- ceed they must and did, and at length reached the next shed, two miles from the other, frost-bitten, snow-blind, and thoroughly done up. Here they found four men, who had some bread, butter, and tea, which scanty fare — and how welcome — saved their lives. Two days afterwards, we were all over- joyed to see Constable O'Neil return, though a very ghost of his former self. An enquiry has been held before W. L. Simpson, Esq, R.M., anent the death of the unfortunate man, William Pitts, at which the depositions of his mates were taken. Great praise is due to Constable O'Neil, for the very unflinching manner in which he carried out his difficult and dangerous duty, as well as to the mates of the deceased, who accompanied the constable upon his trying mission. DISCOVERY OF SILVER ORE. — The Arrow corres- pondent of the Daily Times says : — I am indebted to Mr J. B. Bradshaw for the following communication " On the shores of the Lake I discovered several pieces of quartz rock containing a white metal. I intend to assay it to-morrow. It is either metallic silver or palladium of platinum. I am almost certain it contains the first-named metal very rich, and would yield, according to this specimen, at least £500 worth of silver to the ton of quartz. It is worth mentioning as a valuable discovery, although only a scrap as indicating the existence of silver in this district. Silver in its occurrence is more favorable than gold, for it invariably gets richer in penetrating the lode." I may state that the assay alluded to having been effected, leaves no doubt that the spe- cimen is silver ore of a very rich quality. DISCOVERY OF COAL IN THE CARDRONA VALLEY. — A thick seam of excellent coal has been discovered in the Cardrona, and it is believed by competent authority can be traced through the range as far as the Kawarau. Three or four seams of excellent lignite have long been known, and made use of by the miners. It burns well, without unpleasant odor, and much resembles in appearance the far- famed cannel coal. 