DIOCESAN SYNOD. The tenth annual session of the Diocesan Synod was commenced on Monday afternoon, May 2. The Lord Bishop, a large number of clergymen, and the lay representatives of the various churches assembled at the eonfliot of religious opinion which was then agitating the Matter CnnrS. the lfioits of whose formularies of faith wensaMto be transgressed by the bold speculations of rams of her clergy and others, lay members of her com munion. The opinions promulgated with reference to the Insniration of Scripturerby ministers of the Chareh taking, aftthas ever done, tSe Bible Tor its supreme rule of faith in ?I1 things necsssary to salvation, seemed to impose b duty on those In authority to take heed that 'the mind of the Church' Bhould be expressed on this momentous subject, i With singular unanimity the Bishops and clergy in Convo cation assembled solemnly condemned Colenso, as well as much of the teachings contained in the works of the' Essays and Reviews;' nor has farther reflection as to the tendency of these writings shaken the conviction so strongly and snunimously expressed. Whether wisely or not, an attempt was also made to bring the Ecclesiastical Law to bear anon two of the writers, being parish priests. In all criminal suits affecting the character and live lihood of the accused the merciful character of English Justice watches with jealous care the accuracy of the indictment as well as the clearness of the evidence; and so much has religion itself and the world snffered from legalized intolerance, that in religious prosecutions the Court construes narrowly the language which constitutes the offence, and places the most favorable construction on the terms which are alleged to be criminal. Our Ecclesias- tical Courts have no such function assigned them as to declare what ought to be, according to Scripture, the doctrine of the Church. As in the case of the trust-deeds of all religious denominations, the Court has simply to ludee whether the terms of any snch formulary ordocument nvre been violated or exceeded. So in the! case of our denry, the language of the Thirty-nine Articles or other Formularies said to be violated^ and the Passages of the writers so offending, are compared together, w*?"**?* with lecal accuracy asto their grammatical meaning. Under Sch a*UtoSlprooess, the tlrtuous language ofoond;o- Tersial essays bordering on heresy eludes tfe grasp, and thas affords! where the tenor and spirit rather than the terms of the teaching are at fault, ample scope for e^on andScapeTttie fault may exist and yet the crime SHeiirwreiStany a criminal, in like manner, has before iow?apedby*awsin the indictment. Such appears to be thelSein the late appeal tothe M?yCoancJ b?*tb? Judgment In the Court of Arches with regard to the Bevs. DrK. Williams and Mr. Wilson. Looking at the text of the judgment itself; my Lords conld scarcely havearrived it any other conclusion. The language of the Articles on the one hand, framed in an age when the literaly inspiration of the Scriptures was considered the very keystone of Protestantism, nevertheless does not guard that doctrine withan exact statement and definition, like the Helvetic Confession of 1566. The latter has this as the title of ill first Artde-'Of Holy Scripture, the very Word of God/ and then goes on thus:--We believe and confess the canonical Scriptures of the holy prophets and^apostles of SSw^tameiit to be the tone word itself of God, and to Have their own sufficient authority torn tnfflnsel??*. and not from men; for God himself spake to the fathers, the prophets, and apostles, and still speaks to us through the -^^SraTtblrefore construing the language of the Articles and other Formularies in_tter BtrTctest literal sense, as in the case of a penal enactment, arrived at this eonduJio^^Tbe propositSoTor ??**?> ?i?t every part of the Seriptures was written under the inspiration of the Holj Spirit is not to be found either in the Articles or in any of the formularies of the Church.' pfote-It is fiir to state respecting Dr. E. Williams, that his own words as OBOteddonotbear out the accusation. On the contrary he Mems to affirm-that the Bible is inspired, becanse the Holy Spirit dwelt on the writers of it, and in the Urarch per setually 'l They do not clearly predicate of every statement oTSplisentaUon in every part of the Old and New Testa ment that it is written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and therefore the Word of God; and on these ?rounds Messrs. Williams and Wilson were acquitted, and, we may add. Luther, the great reformer, himself. In this part of the judgment the Archbishops of Canterbury and York did not concur, and it is diffi cult for those who have prayed the words, 'Blessed tort, who hast caused all Holy Scriptures to be written for our learning,' to accept from thePnvy Council as the mind, if It be the law of the Church, that there are portions of the Canonical Scriptures caused by God to be written for our learning, yet not written under the inspiration of the Spirit and consequently possessing no higher authority than the Apocryphal Books. The distinction drawn between the Canonical and the Apocryphal Books in the 6th Article would seem adverse to the view of the lay Lords of the Judicial Committee. Perhaps error in this important sub ject baa arisen from confounding tbs revelation of unknown spiritual truth superintending the sacred writers and in spiration. What could not have otherwise been known was directly revealed and dictated to their minds; and such re vealed truth, as well as whatever they might otheswise have known 'necessary for our learning.- they wrote down under the superintending inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Thus every Scripture, or the whole Scripture, as St. Paul ?ays. was God-inspired, so as to preserve them from every degree of error in an things which could in the least degree affect any doctrine or precept. Writing according to their individual characters, their minds and lodgment as well as memory were nevertheless bo guided as to choose the fittest modes of expressing the subject according to the age or the purpose on which they were 'moved' to write. The theory of inspiration, not the literal inspiration of every jot end tittle of Holy Writ, has commended itself to the most judicious of our theologic writers as guarding sufficiently the authority, certainty, and truthfulness of Holy Scripture. Whether in the course of meet literal mistakes have been introduced by copyists, or passages interpolated, is a fit enquiry for Biblical criticism, whether the facts recorded are in accordance with historical monuments from time to time brought to light-whether the language used in the teaching of the world's childhood was suited to the age rather than strictly scientific are fair objects for discussion. The inspiration which guided the sacred writers does not necessarily imply direct revelation on all points not relevant or necessary to the spiritual or moral lesson intended to be conveyed. In truth, most of the of Scripture arise from the want of more detailed information; and so long as such difficulties are discussed of a reverent spirit—so long as facts are fairly stated—no condemnatory opinions wfll arrest enquiry, or do more than create sympathy towards the party so condemned. " Mr. Wilson's ' surmises' as to the permanent destiny of the wicked after judgment, though not only, in the opinion of most Christians, without warrant, but also repugnant to the general tenor of Sorlptare. and to more than one express j r i f^?nn of oar Lord, may not biive constituted a penal offence, though contrary to any express written dogma of the Church. It was pointed out by the Court that there is no distinct declaration either by the Catholic Church, or by our own branch of it, condemning such latitude of tmiidon as Mr. Wilson suggested—a liberty which has been taken for ages, especially by Origin, in the fourth century. The danger of such a 'surmise' as affecting also the per manent happiness of the righteous is perhaps exaggerated if human analogies are worth anything. A hope suggested that 'penal servitude' might possibly find mitigation ere the last sands of Ufa bad run out would scarcely make any Innocent man think the permanency of bis own life-long freedom and happiness thereby Imperilled. ~I have dwelt perhaps somewbat at length on tins judg ment, beeauie I think it has been viewed with too great alarm. The Ark of the Covenant and the lively oracles within it may be shaken for a moment, bnt God will vindi cate His own truth- Let ns have greater faith in the divinity or our holy religion—in Christ as the power of God and the wisdom of God. The Court does not acquit or sanction the 'Essays and Reviews,- it only shows that the law of the Church is loose, her spirit tolerant, her caution in dogma tizing great; but if ever the Judicial Committee should rjronoance any decision against the faith once delivered to the saints, a blow will be struck which must sever the Church from State, and compel believers to separate from an apos tate State religion. I do not fear that such an emergency will arise, or that the clergy of toe National Church will give an uncertain sound as to the authority of God's Word written, or the Gospel scheme of salvation. "The Relations of Colonial Dioceses to the Chnrch of Enirtand. The judgment of the Privy Council in the case of Long t. Bishop of Cape Town has ascertained the law in this reipect in a manner altogether satisfactory to the members of this Synod, The judgment itself; and an expla natory document npon it, forwarded by the Dnke of New castle, are placed before yon. The liberty we claimed in lsss in common with other religious bodieslis this colony, to frame rules for enforcing discipline over all those who •expressly or by implication should assent to them,' is folly acknowledged as lawful. Legal jurisdiction, indeed, is not given by the letters patent to the Bishop, nor is the tribunal we have agreed to establish in any sense a Court, for it has no power to enforce its sentences. For that purpose we must apply, if need be, to the Supreme Conrt of the colony, which will give effect to our decisions, if within the scope of our authority according to the roles we have framed and consonantly with the principles of justice. It is also stated that if there be no previous contract or trust, expressed or Implied, between the Bishop and the patron or presenter to the benefice, it Is competent to the Bishop to make the 1 i?? or admission of a Clerk to a spiritual office, benefice, or care, as well as ordination, itself, conditional on assent eiven to such roles as have been ft?mpH tinder the Synodal Compact. Finally, the Bishop's corporate character, and asT other Incidents of his episcopal position which result from his letters patent, remain untouched by the recent ?* ~*Onuie questions submitted to His Grace the Secretary of State for the Colonies, that tba rules of our Diocesan Synod should receive the assent and approval of Her Ma jesty, br new letters patent, in order to bind succeeding Bishops to the compact, the Duke of Newcastle took the opinion of th? law officers of the Crown. Snch a course was considered undesirable becanse unprecedented, and tending to bind too stringently the action of the Synod, as well as affect possibly the title to the endowment of the flga ? There ii evidently great desire, or at least readiness to grant all necessary liberty to colonial dioceses for carrying on the work of the Church. The time may come when the nomination of the Bishop may be conceded to the Synods provincial, if not niornan Meanwhile, in the absence of legal jurisdiction or ecclesiastical power to enforce disd pEne, except through ths Synodal Compact, we must find the guarantee for my successor's assent and consent to that engagement; if indeed their acceptance of a See in which guchan institution as the Synod, with its roles lawfully established, exists, would not of itself be, in a legal point of view, an implied acceptance also of the contract and its obligations. <• Missions tn the Heathen.—From its first foundation the BTDOd. at the representBUreofourChnFCh, has marked Itsin tarest in this subject by facing an annual sermon to be preached in all the churches in aid of some mission to the heathen. This Diocese has accordingly sent to India's assistance in former years, and {ait rear to the Helauesian Mission, at thaaune time inviting Bisdop Patteson to visit this Diocese. I need not say how gladly he was welaomed, and I cannot but express my deep satisfaction at the full meet- Ins of the Synod on the occasion, both of clergy and laity, when roar address was presented to him. Of his devoted labors, his modest simplicity, his unclouded faith, I need not speak. They all dwell freshly in your memories. The presence of such a man does more to establish us in the faith, by making our hearts burn within us, and yearn in love towards those; who know not the unsearchable riches of Christ, than ten thousand volumes of Rationalistic Criticism, or Sceptical Philosophy can effect towards robbing us of our best consolation here and hope of glory hereafter. It is good, however, not only to be zealously affected while he was present with us, but much more In his absence, while he has now gone forth with his life in his hand, standing in jeopardy every hour while seeking to bring the Melanesian heathen to the knowledge of their God and Saviour. " I hope and I believe that fervent prayer is offered up by many on his behalf and that of his mission, that God may protect him and bless his endeavours. Still material means for the support of his Melanesian scholars, his mission ship and crew, himself; and clergy who go forth taking nothing of the Gentiles. It Is our privilege to aid their work and bring them on their way. Already man; of oar clergy have . established Parochial Missionary Associations for the pur pose of collecting funds. Every £10 win f?'"*iin „ single heathen scholar. Might we not nave attach? Itwonldb*, I know, a great encouragement to Bishop Patteson if the Synod as the representative body of the diocese, would adopt this mission as belonging of right to the Australasian dio ceses. I would recommend the cause to the general acceptance of members of our Church by a resolution.to thateffect. J'^JU" mlIcn importance that the funds to be raised •"""^E? 6? •????? be fixed at a given sum, and that ?? remitted at a given date, so that the Bishop might count with tolerable certainty on its amount and^arrivaL The favorabl* impression produced on him by theearnest nefi of your zeal in the missionary cause, the UberaUtT of jo^oan^^^tnrtptionbythe Synod, thlappear svneeof order, steadfMtnese. and progress in the anairsof the diocese, the solidity of your churches and theother gadeglasUcal buildings will be ?nh?m?wj i am gore, by your SndVorfune. Let ns try and not fall* short "of *ta annual contribution of the sum of £200 at least. I believe nothing practically keeps oar own faith in such healthy vigour as caring for the salvation of other*; and I count it asrood jg&OttiM; fifth of Soatb Australians W?m^C eioii on which Bishop Patteson advocated his mission crowded assemblies, composed of Christians ot every denomination, gladly heard from him what tilings God hid wrought by him among the Gentiles. ,j_?- mi "There are two other questions under the consideration of the Church at home to which I may briefly advert.—I. The terms of subscription. 2. The revision of the Burial Service. In my address last year I pointed out how tne colon1*! clergy were relieved from the stringent terms ot subscription required by the terms of the Act of Uni formity, 13 and 14 Chirlea IL. c 4. It ***?***%„£ remark, that while Uie other clauses of the Act require every incumbent, openly and pnblioly before his ??>£"¥??? Mod. to declare bis unfeigned assent and consent to the use of aU things contained in the Book of O?mm("> < ?V'T; &e;, the fonnprescribed by section 4, whether by design or accident, omits the words 'the use of and m*"*"!'" cumbent assent and consent to all "^.^^^{r^rf The 36th Canon is in strict accordance witbtb' ??^^5L?f the Act, if not the form of subscription, and a Oomnuttee stands!seems stringMit declaration enough for those who 1^B5fflsSta&u; beenthesnbject of discussion with a view to modification of its expressions. I have re- SSedlrstated that the clergy in this diocese are not com- SeUedoy toeterritorial claims of an Established National Church to accept the disadvantages of such a position, and burv in the language of elevated hope, the remains of any one who may be brought to them for interment, whether known or unknown to them, whether cut on" in the act of deadly sin, or dying in avowed unbelief. •• I am well aware that in the commendatory prayer the personal pronoun 'his' or 'her' was exchanged for 'the resurrection to eternal life at the last revise of the Prayer book; that 'our' was substituted for'his' in the sentence * who shall change "our" vile body,' &c; so as to make the sure and certain hope of resurrection to eternal life general, and not special to the individual buried. I know also that the words 'this our brother' were also omitted at the same time from the prayer that it may please God to hasten His kingdom, that we [not hej with all those that are departed hi the true faith of His Holy Name, may have our (not bisj perfect consummation and bliss both in body and sou), tee. In this diocese, therefore, as hope may admit of very different degrees, and the clergy are not compellable to use the office over those of whom they know nothing, or only that which is bad, there is not the same uneasiness felt as in the case of the national ministry at home. Still, the office breathes the language of hope and thanksgiving with regard to tha deceased person; and while St. Paul bids us Borrow not without hope, it surely can be hardly necessary to ' give hearty thanks for the removal of a beloved partner or child,' whose continued stay upon earth has baen the object ot our most earnest prayers, and whose loss well nigh breaks the heart. The sisters of Lazarus were not reproved for weep tng bitterly over his departure nor commanded to than* God for it. On the whole, then, both in the darker cates and in the more hopeful ones, some few expressions might be so miylifipri a* to bring the office more into harmony with the actnal rather than toe ideal condition of tha Church Militant. No doctrine would be impaired, but truth and sincerity would be alike consulted. ** Excellent as the Book of Common Prayer undoubtedly is, and great as is the privilege accorded to our Church of having fellowship in prayer with the Church of all ages, still this office does inflict on many clergymen, pious men. and lovers of our Church, unnecessary pain. It has already undergone revision more than once, and I am persuaded that the present age is not inferior in piety, learning, or dis cretion to those on which these charges were made. Here, I repeat, we are free from any ecclesiastical law, which com pels the indiscriminate use of the service by the parochial clergy. Still, we wish to be freed from the continual neces sity of detendiug or appearing to explain away expressions which seem to carry with them a meaning which ill- accords with the circumstances of the case, or the feelings of friends and mourners. " 1 have naw touched an those points of public Interest In the Mother Church in this diocese since we but assembled. The statistical details will be laid before you at an adjourned meeting this evening." EVENING MELTING. In the evening the members met for business at the Church Offices, Leigh-street. SYNOD ROLL. The synod-roll having been called, it was ascertained that the following members were present:— The Lord Bishop (President;. Clergy—The Very Rev. Dean FarreU, the Revs. J. Pollitt, Canon Mart-vat. H. M. Pollitt, D. J. H. Ibbetson. G. Dove, W. Dacres Williams. E. Jenkins, T. K. Neville, W. B. Andrews, J. S. Jackson, Canon Coombs. Thomas Field, Canon Fan-, F. Williams, and the following members of the laity:—T. O'HaUoran, F. Sanderson. J. Bath, E. W. Wickes, W. T. Cooper, L. J. Pelham. T. Fax, Jan., N. Blyth, S. Goode, E. E. Simpson, J. W. NichoUs. L. W. Thrupp, T. H. Viney, C. B. Young, Meredith, Bemsley, B, B. Lucas, B. H. Babbage. F. Wick steed, J. S. Brown. A, Blyth, J. W. Bull, N. Oldnam, W, J. Fullarton, J. Williams, B. G. Jay, T. Goss, E. A. Gower, J. Hoggins, sad Dr. Ward. THE SYNOD COMPACT. Those members who had not previously signed the Synod compact attached their names to It, in accordance with the requirements of the Fundamental Provisions. DOCUMENTS. His Lordship laid upon the table the undermentioned docrnnentp, received from F.nglsnii ainoe the but meeting of Synod:— 1st. The Duke of Newcastle's despatch, dated 16th Sep tember, 1863, on the subject of supplementary letters patent; 2nd. The opinion of the Law Officers enclosed theron ; 3rd. The extract of a despatch from the Duke of Newcastle to Governor Wodehouse, relating to the case of Long versus the Bishop of Cape Town; 4th. A report of the aforesaid case; 6th. Supplementary letters patent, extend ing the Bishop's diocese to the Northern Territory. STATE OF DIOCESE. The Lord Bishop next read his report on the state of the diocese, with statistics for the past year, as foUowB :— " On comparing the various returns with those of the preceding >ear, they are satisfactory in some important points, discouraging in none. The removal of any incumbent minister lrom his cure, unless replaced by one equally esteemed, cannot but have a prejudicial effect on his con gregation, his Sunday-school, and other parochial insti tutions. Bnt where his place cannot be supplied, it is very WifflMlIt, ipj'1—' **?? carry on the work of the Church at all. At home it centres in the parish clergyman, and there is no lack of officiating ministers during the vacancy of the benefice. The services are continued without interraption. Such is not the case in • colony like tins, and I owe it to the zealous and persevering care (of many lay readers that congregations have bees held together in many places, churches kept open, and Sunday-schools carried on. It may seem invidious to notice any cases particularly, where much credit is due to all ; but to those who question the propriety of lay agency, in carrying on Divine Worship. Port Elliot. WUUamstown, Kooringa, Wallaroo, and Eadina may be instanwd as vin dicating the benefit ot such co-operation under the general superintendence of missionary clergy. Still, it is only a preparatory and provisional state of things, until a congre gation having gathered, a church erected and {cleared of debt, the means of providing .for a clergyman by a par sonage and stipend shall become available. To deny the privilege of Divine Worship to the scattered members of our Church until an ordained minister can be permanently placed among them, is at onoe irrational, and contrary to the free loving spirit of the GospeL "Clersy.—The want which pressed so severely on us led me at the but Synod to tors your attention to the supply of a colonial ministry trained amongst ourselves. The laborers being few, the direction, 'Pray ye the Lord of the harvest to send forth laborers into his harvest,' seems to come home to ns with peculiar force; and when, boneless of obtaining supplies from home, most unexpectedly, I may say, three candidates offered themselves, whom, after due exami nation, I was enabled to ordain, with satisfaction to myself, and. I believe, with benefit to the Church of God. They are laboring at Blakiston. Woodvule, and in the Home HisBion ary work of the diocese, purchasing to themselves, as Deacons, a good degree, preparatory to admission, to the full orders of Presbyter. \- In addition to these, I bare the satisfaction or expecting shortly the Ber. Albert J. Pashley, approved by the Board of Examiners of tile Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, for employments this diocese. With the experience of ox years as curate in Sheffield and Yorkshire, I hope bis services may be found acceptable at Wallaroo and Eadina— if, at least, the suspension of mining operations does not alienate the means, for a time at least, of supporting tne ministry. " The Bcr. Lionel W. Stanton, late Curate of Stepney, has been selected by the Agent-General (G. S. Walters. Esq..) for the Burra, where, in. addition to tbejduty at the church, he wnl also manage the grammar- school about to be estab lished there. The reduction of the mining population in Kooringa having affected the prosperity of the township, it tms been deemed expedient to combine these offices at the present time, the want of a superior education being felt in that district no less than of ministerial duty. The fluctua tions incident to colonial affairs generally, and mining opera tions in p?rHr?tl?r, justify, in my opinion, a combination of the echoolmaster and clergyman, otherwise undesirable. The number of licensed clergymen will now be 33. ••Missionary Chaplain and Itinerating Clergy.—The supply of ordained ministers above alluded to has re ; lined Mr. Craig from the work of paying monthly visits to some of the vacant churches; and I have the pleasure to report that I have received intelligence from him. dated Streaky Bay, April 21st Accompanied by an intelligent native from Poonindee as bis guide, and supplied with horses from that station, he will have visited, before he returns, 27 stations. On his way np he held occasional as well ao evening services every day. His journal will be eeit np by the next mail, and I hope will be in time far publi cation with the Synod's proceedings. He states 'that all had gone well,' and that be had been 'most kindly received everywhere.' His native guide was also instructed to com municate withltbe natives on the road upon the great truths of religion. A. missionary clergyman, specially attached to this district would, I believe, be thankfully received and liberally snpported. Some snch step seems absolutely re quired. A sufficient sphere won Id still be left on this aide Spencer's Gulf for tile labours of Mr. Craig. "The Synod will also be glad to learn that the Ber. J. Pollitt has visited some stations on Yorke'e Peninsula on his way to Wallaroo. In one instance only did he fail to meet a cordial and thankful welcome. Ungodliness and intemperance usually go band In band. Other clergy have likewise kindly undertaken some missionary duties from time to time, their expenses being defrayed by the congre gattona which they serve. Messrs. Jackson, Marryat, BueseU, Williams, Fair, and others, have tbn? rendered very essential service in upholding and uniting the scattered congregations unsupplied with resident pastors. "Personally I have been able to visit the Port Lincoln alstric∧ Poonindie Institution. The latter I found going on satisfactorily, and by the aid of Mr. Clayfi.eld, as school marter. the wellbeing, religious instruction, and happiness of tbe natives has been enhanced. The school chapel has been thoroughly repaired and beautified, oat of the funds of the Institution, and commodious apartments obtained for Mr. Clayfield, who as lay reader assists Mr. Hammond in tbe Sunday services for the natives. I have also visited Eadina and Wallaroo, Clare, and some portions of tbe Narrien district, as well as many of tbe out lying churches. Still I regret to say that the banks of the Murray and the country about Truro have hitherto been left unvisited, and demand early attention (as soon as he can be BDsredlfrom the Missionary Chaplain. Coniirmationservices have been more numerous than in former years. "Churches and Parsonages.—During the past year the fallowing churches have been completed, repaired, enlarged, oroommeneed —St,George's,Gawler,isabeai]tiral8tructure, seating above 400, and on the Sunday of its being opened actually filled with 600; St. Barnabas', Clare; St. Michael's, Mimham; Emanuel, Chinkford; St. Bartholomew's, Norwood ; St. John's, Salisbury; Melrose, Bungaree, and Woodaide. The parsonages at Magill and Willonga have been repaired, while at Mount Gambier and Lyndoch Valley new ones are in coune of erection—the two latter at con siderable expense. ••Note.—In many instances the actnal number of sittings erected or let have been specified in the returns, whereas the area accommodation of the churches, calculated according to theechool average of six square feet to each individual, would be considerably larger. Some uniform rule by measurement should be adopted for Government statistics if comparisons are drawn on tbe ecclesiastical data thus supplied. ••Sunday Scholars.—There is some inorease in the total number, bnt while churches are left without ministers much increase in this respect cannot be looked for. I con firmed in 16 churches, and rejoice to mark the increasing interest taken in tins solemn rite, as well as the care evi dently taken in the preparation of tbe candidates by the clergy, rendering these occasions deeply interesting and im pressive to all engaged in them. ' "Some unnecessary trouble has been caused to the Secre tary by delay in —""[ tbe diocesan returns, as well as of the election of synodemen. It should be understood that unless vestry meetings for the latter purpose are held in the Barter week, or adjourned from some day in that week, the electionsaieinvalid. Tberetorn of synodemenelected should be made to the Bishop within seven day*. '* On tbe whole (I say so with thankfulness to the great Head of the Church) that the external condition of the diocese is such asto relieve me, as Ordinary, from anxiety. Means have been taken which, in the course of a very few years, will place sufficient' funds at the disposal of Synod and the attorneys of the S. P. G. to sustain and extend the action of the voluntary principle in supplying Divine ordi nances to the members of our communion throughout the colony. We have ecclesiastical autonomy conceded to us within the wide limits of acknowledging the supremacy of U? eSr?J fnr5 nd? b*erSne the "^osoued principles of the EngUsb. Church, JJo imaginary illegality prevents gar i [ adopting the most suitable measures for fulfilling themissiox r of tbe Church in preaching the everlasting GospeL Tolerant Set steadfast in ber*faith and discipline—friendly, and will ig to co-operate (wherever it Is possible without compro i mise of principle) with other religious bodies in the promo . tion of the moral end social welfare of the colony—assum [ ing nothing:, and yielding nothing which is essential—our • Church and ministry may exercise freely such influence se \- the position which God has assigned them iv the world justifies and requires. By Him alone can their efforts be ' made available; to him alone be the glory of any usefulness i which they possess." Mr. C. B. YorjKO moved. "Tbat the thanks of the Synod be given to the Lord Bishop for his valuable pastoral ad dress, report of the state of the diocese, and statistical returns, and that the same be printed." Mr. N. Oldham seconded the motion, which was carried I unanimously. STANDING COMMITTEE'S nEPOBT. The Secbetabv read the foUowing annual report of the Standing Committee of Synod :— Ann.i.i report of Standing Committee of Synod :— " Adelaide, April. 1864. "In accordance with Regulation No. 4, the Standing Committee elected by the Synod of 1563-64 now submit to you a report of their proceedings during the past year, and a statement of accounts duly audited, to which they refer you for information on all monetary transactions, and pro ceed to bring under your notice other matters of interest. "Endowment of Churches.—ln compliance with tbe reso lution (see Beport, 1862, page 60) ofthe last Synod—'Thatit is desirable tbat a form of deeds or other documents to be given by the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation ofthe Gospel as security for endowment, or in acknowledg ment of tbe terms upon which they receive funds for endo ? - ment should be settled without any further delay, and that tne Standing Committee be instructed to take the necessary steps accordingly—the Committee did, on the Ist day of June last, appoint a Sob-Committee (Messrs. Thrupp and Pelham) to confer with the attorneys on the matter. Con siderable difficulty was found in attaining the object sought, in consequence of the power of the attorneys not allowing them to act as trustees, and a draft power, entirely approved ot Jby the Sub-Committee was prepared by the' attornev'e solicitor and sent to England for approval. By tbe April mail the attorneys have received a communication from the Secretary, stating that the Committee could not recommend the Society to adopt the drafts sent, and re turning tbem for amendment and revision, but proposing another plan by which the same objects may, it is trusted, be attained. The attorneys have not bad an opportunity (at tbe time of writing this report) of considering the matter, but wilt doubtlsss give it early and serious atten tion. In the meantime they have furnished the Committee with a schedule showing the portions of their income de rived from rents of country lands and interest on loans which they have set aside for the purpose of securing the due fulfilment of their engagements to the various en dowed churches; also, the cost of such lands and the amount of the loans. " Alteration in the Plan of Grant-in- Aid.—The Commitee have carried ont the resolution (sec Beport, 1863, page 63) of calculating tha amounts received by the ministers from weekly collections as an additional sitting for every pound received. This action has been unimportant in its result. "Widows and Orphans of Clergy Fund.—The Committee, finding great difficulty in satisfactorily carrying out the views adopted by the last Synod and working out the details (see Beport, 1863. page 64), appointed a Sub-Committee, consistingof the Key. J. S. Jackson, Messrs. Blyth, Hawkes, and Young, who now offer an entirely new scheme, which the Committee submit for your serious consideration. "Grant from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel In Foreign Ports.—The Committee regret to state that tbe Bishop has as yet received no authority to draw for any amount in aid for the current year; but your Secretary has written, urging a renewal ofthe grant for three years, and they hope for a favorable answer after the annual meeting to be held in London in the month of March. "General Church Fund and Home Mission.—The Com mittee regret to state that this account still continues to fall off in amount, but as the expenditure has decreased iv a far greater ratio (chiefly in consequ-uee of the redaction in the Secretary's salary, which, although cheerfully sub mitted to by him, leaves a very inadequate return of his ser vices) they now leave a balance in hand which will enable their successors in office to apportion a sum towards home missions, which they regret to say no contribution has been made out of this fund since 1857. Under these circumstances they have deferred for the present a proposed alteration in tbe manner of keeping the accounts, namely, to charge a portion of tbe expenses to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, Alien's Pastoral Aid, and other funds in future. The Committee call attention to the list of subscrip tions, showing how liberally some of the Churches have re sponded to the call; and trust that the example will be fol lowed by others during tbe ensuing year, enabling their successors, while allowing a more liberal expenditure, to contribute something considerable to the Home Mission "N.B.- In consequence of not having the Treasurer's balance-sheet before them, the Committee of last year made the mistake of congratulating Synod upon tbe improve ment of this fund, when in fact there was a considerable re duction in the receipts as compared with the preceding year. "Bishop Patteson'e Visit.—The Lord Bishop, in com pliance with tbe wish of the last Synod (Beport 1863, page 61), invited the Lord Bishop of New Zealand and the Bight Bey, Bishop Patteson to visit the Diocese. Although the former was not able to avail himself ofthe invitation, the latter favored the Church and the colony with a visit. He was received the day after his arrival at the Church Office by a numerous body of Synodstnen and other members of the Church, and expressed himself much delighted with his reception. He remained in tbe colony abont a fortnight, preaching and lecturing to numerous congregations and audiences, who showed their appreciation of the value of his work by contributing the sum of X2OO in aid ofthe Melane sian mission; nor is this tbe only reuslt, as several churches bave formed parochial Societies, and one has already for warded a quarterly subscription. It is hoped that these examples may be generally foUowed, so that the assistance given by this diocese may be steadily continned. This is what the Bishop especially requested, in order tbat he might know upon what funds he might depend for the maintenance of his Melanesian scholars from the various islands. " N*_vn~__ Bltth, "Chairman ot Standing Committee of Synod. "April 21, 1864." Mr. C. B. Young moved, and Mr. T. 3. Sahdebso** seconded, "tbat the report be received and printed." Carried. C—EBGV, WIDOW ANI> ORPHAN FUND. The Secretary read the report of the Committee on the above fund as under: — "The Committee appointed by Synod to consider the most practicable scheme for .--a--~njy provision for the families of deceased clergymen have had under their con sideration since they presented their former report a scheme adopted by the Newfoundland Church Society, and success fully in operation in that diocese. The standing rules of the 'Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund' in Newfoundland, witb other information as to its establishment, was kindly for warded to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide by the Bey. John Pear-son. Secretary to the aboveuomed Society, and handed by His Lordship to th* Committee for co-aid -ration. " After mature deliberation, the Committee have com. to the conclusion tbat a scheme similar in principle to the one now referred to would be preferable to the plan recom mended in then- previous report, of assisting clerg-ymen in the payment of premiums on life assurance policies. "The scheme that your Committee would suggest for adoption in this diocese is as follows; - "*l. The Standing Committee of Synod shall have the management of the Fund, which shall be deposited in ths Savings Bank, or securely invested from time to time *'*_. All clergymen in the diocese holding the Bishop's licence may secure the benefit of this fond by contributing within six months from its establishment, or within one year of obtaining their licence from the Bishop, as follows: —(1) Unmarried clergymen and widowers without a child, £2 per annum ; (2) married clergymen and widowers with a child, £4 per annum. After the expiration of the above term, clergymen shall only be allowed to come under the provision of the Fund by the permission of the Committee, and by paying double the amount that they would have paid bad they availed themselves of its provisions at the proper time. "'3. Alter the first payment subscriptions shall become due on the 31st of December iv every subsequent year; every clergyman neglecting to make payment by that date ehall forfeit his claim upon tiie Fund, to be recovered only npon payment of arrears with 10 per cent, interest; but if two years payment are in arrears the claim upon the Fond will be absolutely forfeited. "*?. Every clergyman semiring the benefit of this Fund will be expected to make and forward to the Treasurer of Synod a yearly special collection from his congregation. •"6. The widow of every clergyman who shall have paid his annnnl subscription, and forwarded au --nnn.il collection till bis death, or if incapacitated by mental or bodily in firmity, ehall have been excused by the Standing Com mittee from such payments, shall be entitled to receive a yearly pension of £30 during widowhood. The payment of this pension being expressly guaranteed by the Synod under all circumstances. Should the Fund admit of an increase ofthe amount of pension, it will be competent for the Standing Committee to grant such an amount as it may see fit. "' 6. If the widow die, or marry again, tbe pension shall be paid to trustees for the benefit of s*_t*h **l-_ldr-n of the deceased husband as may be; if boys under 16, if girls under 18 years of age; the trustees named by a deceased clergyman to be recognised by the Committee, or if no such trustees shall have been named, or If they are not able or willing to act, the Standing Committee may appoint any two members of the Church of England to be trustees. "7. If tbe wife die before her husband, his child or chil dren shall receive the pension so long as there is a claimant under the preceding rule. "8. If a clergyman removes from the diocese he shall be entitled to receive back one-third amount he has paid, which payment will of course release the fund from all his claims upon it. This rule not to apply In cases of tempo rary absence from the colony by permission of the Bishop. In case, however, a clergyman shall have held the Bishop's licence for a period of 20 years, he shall be allowed in the event of his leaving his diocese to continue his payments, and remain on the same footing as ifatlll resident therein. " 9. The yearly statement of accounts of the fund shall be duly audited and laid before Synod every Easter. " Your Committee append to this report the Standing Rules ofthe Newfoundland Fund, of which the above sug gestions are a modification, and tho letter from the rev. Secretary that accompanied them." On the motion of Mr. C. B. YooNG. seconded by Mr. W. J. Fullarton, it was resolved "That the report be received and printed." I MISSION TO THE ABOEIODJES. The Committee's report on the above subject was read, to the following effect:— \ " The Committee appointed to co- operate with the Lord Bishop in considering the feasibility of establishing a Church of England Mission for the heathen aborigines of this province beg to, report:— I *? L That they turned their attention to Laeepede Bay, and tbe Coorong, as suitable sites for a Missionary Institu tion similar to that existing at Point Macleay. The Rev. J. S. Jackson accordingly visited those places, and reported that there were a greater number oi aborigines on tbe Coo rong than at l_LceoedeJ?ay, aud recommended a place called Policeman's Point as a desirable situation. Application was accordingly made for a grant of land at Policeman's Point; the site was, however, objected to for reasons stated in a letter from the Commissioner of Crown Lands i appended to this report. The distance from Adelaide has prevented a second visit to the locality on the part of any member of the Commiteee. "2. Whilst regretting that their labours have not been broight to a successful issue, your Committee are fully con vinced of the desirability of establishing a native mission, and trust that the Synod will appoint another Committee to carry out the oblect. "C. B. Youhg, Convener. " Crown Lands and Immigration Office, " Adelaide, December 29,1863. 44 Gentlemen—l have tbe honor, by direction ot the Com missioner, to acknowledge tbe receipt of your letter of the 17th ultimo (2,672-63). applying for a grant of that piece of land on tbe Coorong known as Policeman's Point, for the purposes of an aboriginal institution, similar to that at Point McLeay. ** I now enclose a copy of a memo, from the Surveyor- General, with regard to the site applied for by you; and am directed by the Commissioner to suggest that you should re consider the matter with tbe view of selecting a different site. , "I am. Gentlemen, your obedient servant, "Edw. Wilpmam. Secretory. " Messrs, Dove, Young, and Jackson, care of ths "Bey. George Dove, Walkerville." "Copy of Minute of Surveyor-General on No. 2,872-63, from i 'Young. Dove, and Jackson, in re Portion of Bescrveat i Policeman's Point for Aboriginal Institute, " The site asked for is upon the east bank of the Coorong, directly on the leading road from Adelaide to the South- East, and is otherwise objectionable by being immediately between two public-houses, and at no great distance (about five miles) from each. The mile of agricultural land asked for would also be required to be at some distance to the east, and separated by a ridge of sandy, hilly ground from tbe point The mall horses are at present ohanged there, and the well is a regular camping-place for travellers and for men passing up and down with stock. To successfully attain the object sought for I should imagine the site aho**'*" " as far as possible away from the general tr-fl"- „ far"i,lT respectfully suggest that a oetter site be selected. 44 G. W. Gofdeb, Surveyor-General. "December 18,1863," Mr. C. B. Yodmo mored " Tbat the report be r*joeiT?- and printed," Mr. W. J. Fdllabton seconded the motion, whioh was carried. balance-sheets. The Secbetabt read audited balance-sheets of the bynou, ofthe Attorneys or tbe Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, and Trustee of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund. Sir. C. B. Yodmc moved, and the Bey. J. Pollitt seconded, thst the reports be received and printed. Carried. DATS OF MEETENG. Mr. C. B. Yoonc moved—"That tbe days of meeting during tbe present session be Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, at 3 o'clock, excepting next Thurs day, Hay s, that being Ascension Day." Mr. J. W. 801 l seconded the motion, whioh was carried. OFFICE BEARERS. Messrs. A. Blyth and W. J. FuUarton were appointed scrutineers for all elections throughout the session. The Synod then proceeded to vote by ballot for the Standing Committee (nnmbering seven clergymen and 14 laymen), two Treasurers, and two Auditors. The result was as follows:-Clergy—Bev. Canon Marryat, D. J. H. Ibbetson, W. B. Andrews. Geo. Dove, Very Bey. the Dean, Canon Russell. J. S. Jackson. Laity—Messrs. N. Blyth, T. O'Ualloran, N. Oldham. L. W. Thrupp, C. B. Young. L. J. Pelham, W. J. FuUarton. S. Goode. A. Blyth, F. Wickstecd, E. W. Wickes, C. D. Cooper. J. Williams. F. : Sanderson. 1 reasurera—Messrs. T. O'Halloran. and N. Oldham. Secre tary—Mr. F. Wickstced. Auditors—Messrs. L. W. Thrupp, and G. W. liawkes. STANDING OHDEES. Mr. N. Blttb moved "That the Standing Orders followed during the last session of Synod be the Standing Order, of Synod." Mr. F. J. Sandebson seconded the motion, which was carried. NEW SVHODSHAIC. The Lonn Bishop reported that Mr. Henry Scott had been elided a Synodsman Of St Peter's Church, Glenelg, in place of Mr. J. Williams, who had been elected a Synodsman of St James's Church, Blakiston. notices of motion. Several notices of motion were handed in. suspension of standing obdebs. Mr. T. O' Halloban moved, and the Bey. W. B. Andbews seconded "That the Standing Orders be suspended, to enable the notices of motion to be disposed of." Carried. publication of bepobt. Mr. C. B. Young moved "That a Committee of three, of whom the Secretary shall be one, edit and publish the report of the proceedings of tbe present session of Synod." Mr. L. J. Pelham seconded the motion. Mr. B, H. Babbage wished to know what the total ex penses of printing the report and other things last year amounted to. Tbe Secretaby said the printing of the report cost £15, and other printing and stationery **"-"""ni-*i to £4 14s. cd. Mr. Babbage said be was quite satisfied ; the expense was not extravagant Tbe motion was carried, and the Bey. Canon Marryat and Mr. C. B. Young agreed to act as a Committee with Mr. Wick?teed, the Secretary. widow and orphan Fond. Mr. C. B. Young moved "That tbe report of tbe Com mittee on the Widowand Orphan Fund be adopted." He remarked that tbe Committee felt great difficulty in arriving at any determination respecting a scheme. At length they agreed upon a plan of insurance through the insurance offices of the colony, and although be aid not feel very partial towards it yet he thought it must be adopted, as no other suitable scheme seemed to present itself to them. I By a providential occurrence, as he deemed it the scheme in existence in Newfoundland was placed before them, and its provisions seemed so applicable to this diocese that tiie Committee determined npon adopting it He would, there fore move tbe adoption of the scheme. The Bey. J. Pollitt seconded. Mr. Babbage thought tbey should have some further in formation as to how the scheme was likely to work in the colony before they determined npon adopting it They had before tbem the result of the pension scheme adopted in the civil service, and they should take a lesson from that. Mr. Thbutp had on unhappy recollection ofthe pension scheme, and he forthwith traced its history. He cautioned thgm ?f-?innt mnlritif. an-h a mint-lr- am thai In -?|??nn H>.thrir fund. He compared tbe dioceseof Newfoundland with thatof this colony, and said tbey should bave a wide basis so that the losses should only fall lightly upon the general body of shareholders. Another principle of insurance was that they should have a nucleus ot capital, so as to show that the insured could get the benefits offered. It would be cruelly disappointing if tbe funds were not forthcoming when tbey were required, and in the formation of an insurance fund they must provide against such a result. He then proceeded to show that the Synod had control over no funds which could enable it to guarantee the payment of the policies. He should, however, be sorry to see such a movement fall to the ground, and be wonld therefore suggest the following amendment:—"That clergymen of this diocese who have or shall insure their lives and secure to their widows and orphans the benefit of the policies shall, so long as they hold the Bishop's licence, receive out of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund annually one half of die premium paid by them or such less or larger'sum as the fond will allow, provided the sum so insured shall not exceed £1,000, and the Standing Com mittee is authorized to make such further regulations, and to take such steps as may be necessary to raise and ad minister tbe fund. By that no more promises than those which could be performed were made, and they could also as?tst in tiie liquidation ofthe preminme to a much greater extent than the Newfoundland scheme. He also pointed out that that the lives of aged and disused ministers were omitted iv the scheme proposed by the Committee. Tbe Bey. Canon Mlabbyat seconded the amendment because no reasons had been given for the doing away with the scheme proposed last year, which was adopted after mature deliberation. The whole pith of insurance was secu rity, and tills the Newfoundland scheme did not give. He objected to the new scheme because it treated all ages alike, which was fatal to any system of insurance. If the whole colony could not provide a life insurance society, he ques tioned whether 33 clergymen could found such an institution that any dependence could be placed upon. Then again, the fund should not be toncbed until £1,000 or £2,000 were col lected. He questioned "greatly whether the advantages of the new scheme would be availed of by the general clergy. Air. N. Blyth rose to support the original motion, and said the question should not be looked npon as a mere matter of business and insurance. He looked npon it that the Committee in their proposal wished to have it based upon Christian principles. There might have been a little irregularity in the proceedings of tbe Committee; but if the scheme they had proposed were not adopted no great harm wonld be done, although the matter had been very seriously considered by tbem. The proposal included tbe collection ol once a year in every chnrch, and that disproved the idea that there would be no funds. Bespeoting tbe provision tbat tbe Synod should guarantee the payment ofthe pension, that meant a moral guarantee, and not a legal guarantee, which he knew tbat tbe Synod could not give. He did not see the appropriateness of dragging in the whole question of the Government Superannuation Fund, because it hod nothing to do with the question. He looked upon it that such a fond as tbe one tbe Committee proposed wonld grow in strength every year, and would be amply sufficient for all claims made npon it He thought it was tbe duty of the general body of the Church to assist in tbe matter, and it was with this view that the Committee proposed their scheme. The Very Bey. Dean Fabbeli. rose in a degree to oppose both motion and amendment He would move the postponement of the questions till Wednesday next. It was an important matter, and he should like to consider it before pronouncing on opinion. He thought the Committee were entitled to the thanks of the Synod, for the work must bave been one of love to them, and it wonld be unfair to tbem to reject their proposal without giving it due consideration. Mr. B. EL Babbage supported the proposition of the Dean for adjourning tbe question; but thought he should be inclined to adopt a scheme framed from the two plans. He mentioned as filets that the mortality of tme population of the colony above fire years of age was considerably less than that in England, and said the knowledge of such a truth as that might suggest the desirability of forming a Life Insurance Society in the province, when they thought of the heavy premiums the' English companies charged. The Bey. D. J. H. Ibbetson should like to express his opinion on the matter, as it was not likely he should be able to attend at the adjourned debate. He explained hie ob jections to the scheme proposed by tbe Committee; and made several suggestions, whioh he considered it would be advisable to introduce into the proposed scheme, if it were to be the principle upon which action would be taken. He must however, confess that he was more favourable to Mr. Thrupp's amendment The Key. J. S. Jackson supported the proposed scheme, and said upon the principles on which it was based no large claims would be mode upon it before a fund was accumu lated. They had not the funds to commence with that the Society in Newfoundland had, but to make np for that they compelled double payments. This, to bis unbusinesslike mind, seemed perfectly safe He did not look npon the guarantee of the Synod as worthless—(bear, hear) — and he thought in any difficulty the Synod would be glad to lend their aid. The Bey. W. B. Andbews thought the schemes proposed deserved profound consideration, and he would support their adjournment. Tbe Bey. Canon Fabb did not think the schemes would be considered much if they were postponed, and so he would offer s few words npon them, lie made some remarks in favor of the Committee's scheme, and said by it the sym pathies of the Church would be more cv listed in the matter than by the other scheme. The Lord Bishop boped tbe consideration of the two schemes would be postponed, as so much had been said both on the benevolent and business views of the matter. Tbe great point was that of a guarantee, and he did not see why the moral guarantee of the Synod should not be converted into a material guarantee. He thought the two elements were compatible, and there were a great number of points be should like to consider between this and Wednesday next Mr. A. Blttd moved, and Mr. W. J. Fcllabton seconded—"Tbat tbe debate be adjourned to Wednesday next, and that it be the first order of the day." Carried. PBD.TINQ DOCUMENTS. Mr. Thruit moved—"That the three first documents laid on tbe table by the Bishop be printed for tbe use ofthe Synod." Hr. L. J. Pelham seconded the motion, which was carried. SOCTETT FOB PBOPAGATION OF THE GOSPEL. Mr. Tnaupp moved—"That the Standing Committee be instructed to continue to communicate with the Attorneys of the S. P. G., aud endeavor to carry out the resolution of the Synod, with respect to form ol deeds to secure endow ment as passed on 12th May, 1863." The motion was seconded by Mr. Pelham, and carried. The Synod then adjourned to next day at 3 o'clock. 