THE CELEBRATED SHAKESPEAIIF. To-day, if ever, Shakespeare is to be a greatly celebrated man, and so were to have been also the promoters and abettors of his tercentenary glory; so, we were henceforth to have said, are they all, all celebrated men,—-Shakespeare, Jones, Brown, Robinson, Sic. And surely Messrs Jones and Brown and Robinson did all that in them lay to come forward aod hold themselves as candles to the sun. If tbe few followers of those ambitious chiefs looked rather aghast at the paling of their ineffectual fires, they at least felt all hot in themselves, and blazed and sputtered, aud were left to blaze and sputter, though a cry sometimes was heard of " Snuff them out!" And now, upon this 23rd of April, 18G4, here is the whole row of the rushlights, eveiy one at the brightest, flaring from the socket, except one or two that have tumbled out of their sockets permaturely, fallen on their heads, and been—where now is Mr Bellow ?—extinguished. We may congratulate ourselves and the public upon having reached a day twice blessed. It is Shakespeare's birthday, and it is the death day—or we hope so—of the National Shakespeare Tercentenary Committee. It is the happy day that brings with it the death warrant of all the quack associations, with their quack advertisements, obtrusive of incessant " Buy, buy!—what'll you buy ?" that were connecting Shakespeare with ideas of Bloom of Health at three shillings a bottle, cheap trousers, and the voice of the tempter at the shambles in Whitchapel. The Shakespeare quackery has been of the old Sangrado school—drench and then bleed, drench and then bleed again. The drenching wiiiU niiian twaaaie una tjullcliaiiim none oi us have escaped; but we may congratulate ourselves upon having escaped much of tbe bleeding. Perhaps the fleam was in unskilful hands. Certainly only a few reluctant drops flowed where the prescriptions of thequacks had varied only as to the precise number of gallons to be taken. There was, we believe, a first notion of some hundred thousand pounds to be, drawn from the public for a Shakespeare monument. Then it was written with a solemn air of scieutifie accuracy, Bleed to thirty thousand. But the other day, when the " National Shakespeare Committee" was represented at what passed for a public meeting in the City, since there was the Lord Mayor—in the chair— subscript-ions of citizens were solicited, and they were iufenned that two or three tliousaud pounds had been already subscribed. The Lord Mayor (being named as chief of a City Subscription Committee, will probably feel obliged to augment the fund by a few sovereigns and perhaps a dozen or two other gentlemen, solicited to connect their names insomeway with the agitation, will feel that they are obliged to throw away a pound or two, Two or three thousand pounds arc all tbat,it lias been found possible to raise for the Piccadilly " monument" embracing a bronze " statue" which almost nobody wants, and which the great majority of the English people would, we believe, rather pay their money not to have. And what if we were to subtract from thiB sum of two or three thousand pounds painfully scraped together, all the money pledged or given in its earlier days to the National Committee by persons who have since seen reason to repent their gift or promise ? There are not a few men of higher reputation than the actual promoters of the secondrate concerts in which the London" National" movement is now reaching its grand result, who iu the first days of tercentenary agitation thought the movement au absurd one, yet being applied to for so much countenance as consisted in tbe lending of tbeir names to the Committee list, were unwilling to deal churlishly with what appeared to them a well meant undertaking that ought never to have been set on foot, though, being on foot,4t had better have itB way made smooth for it If we subtract unwilling donations to winch nominal members of the "National Committee" have supposed themselves to be committed, and the gifts of men who otherwise from their position have felt that " they could not very well refuse," aud leave on the subscription list only the money paid from pure and honest desire to glorify Shakespeare with a " monument embracing a statute," visible from Piccadilly, will there be two or three hundred pounds left on the list t We think not Well, there is an end, we hope, after this week, of the Shakespeare Committees. In London the players have acted the parts they would have known how to act without prompting, and we really do not see that the National Committee itself has achieved anything but the pocketing of blackmail for tbfe monument out of the benefit nights beggedofthe playhouses in the name of Shakespeare; except indeed a poor concert of its own arranging at the Agricultural Hall which drew a very thin attendance, and a concert last night at St James's Hall, at which the Italian singers ot her Majesty's Ttwatre helped to drew roney. As for the Stratford Committee, it has not destroyed Stratford; that is all we can say in its favour. It has snubbed the English actor whom his brethren honour as chief in bis art, and wlio has been devoted to the true celebration of Shakespeare for almost as long as the lifetime of the excellent French melodramatic actor who was absurdly preferred to him. The French actor they have offended also, and now they propose to scare the, ghost of Shakespeare, lest it should revisit Stratford at this Jubilee, with the Juliet of Mile Stella Colas! So be it, if BO it must be. Onr consolation is that at last tbe end of an absurdity is reached. The rushlights set up in a row for exhibition of the sun, gutter at last into winding sheets, and flicker in their sockets. In a very little while nothing remains of them but the bad odour in which they must expire. 