Excepting in (estire celebrations, and a few preg nant incidents in tbe way of litigation, there are no novelties of moment to narrate in mining affairs since onr last summary. All, or nearly all, the larger class of disputes which at the date ot our last summary were pacdiog iu our colonial chancery courts, are still in that limbo, one purgatorial cru cible being exchanged for another perhaps in the meantime, but the date of absolute deliverance being about as easily ascertainable as that of the squaring of the circle. The latest thing ia litigation is a threatening appeal by the Working Miners Com pany, Frenchmans L^ad, from a decision in the Warden's Court, finding that the Defiance Company had not encroached, as alleged, ou the appellant's claim. There is at this moment before the Supreme Court, an appeal by the Boh-i-Noor Company, on the Golden Point Lead, from a decision of the judge of the Court of Mines, refusing an injunction against the Great Extended Company, Bedan, while several other developments of the same dispute have had, and still promise to have, field days in one or more of the inferior courts. Older feuds on the French mans Lead, between the Nelson and other companies, still remain unsettled, and no one has been found wise enough cr foolish enough to say when they will be settled. There have been several festive celebrations dur ing the month in connection with the starting of newly-erected machinery, or the hauling up ol the first fruits of the golden harvest for which particular companies have been working. The first celebration of this kind in the month was that of the Great North-West Company, in the north-western suburb of this town. There were about one hundred persona present, and hardly a company of magnitude in the district was unrepresented, managers, directors, or shareholders in all the leading mining ventures in the district being present. On the 9 ch September, 1863, the first sod of the shaft was turned with festive ceremonies, and since that day the company has erected a steam plant, with all the usual appur tenances, the entire works as they stand being unsurpassed, and perhaps unequalled, by those of any other alluvial company in the colony. Previous to turning the sod for the shaft the company had tested the ground by boring, and the spot selected for the shaft is known to be near the deep ground, where it is hoped the enterprise of the company will in due time meet with a full reward. The plant which the company has just opened is about the finest in the district, or is fit to rank with the best. The ecgice- room, which measures 70 feet by 40, contains a beam condensing pumping engine of 32 inch cylinder, with 4 feet stroke, and a nominal power of 100 horses; the winding engine being an ordinary horizontal one ot 16 inch cylinder, with 3 feet stroke and 25 horse power; one boiler, measuring 31 feet by 6£ feet, supplying the required steam-power to both engines. The beam-engine was imported by the Melbourne Gas Company, and cost the Great North West Company £776 fis; the horizontal engine being supplied by Messrs Cairns, Wilson and Amos for £604. The castings were sup plied by Messrs Hunt and Opie, of the Victoria Foundry, Ballarat, and that firm has won much credit for the way in which the work has been turned out The total expenditure of the company up to date has been £6350, and this merely to make a fair start with, a tolerably emphatic proof of the magni tude of our mining operations, and of the enterprise which does not «Virinîr from liberal outlay, in spite of all the uncertainty inherent in such undertakings, and the Bpecial legislative and other impediments to their unembarrassed prosecution. The guests assembled in the large engine-room, where there were three tables amply spread with a well Berved luncheon, plentifully garnished with wines in rea lineas for the festive part of the ceremonies. Miss Bath, who was accompanied by Mr and Mrs Bath, two of the oldest settlers in Ballarat, had consented to undertake the task of baptising ¿he engines. Under the auspices of Mr Wrigley, the chairman of the board of directors, and Mr Wheeldon, the legal manager of the com pany, Miss Bath awaited the starting of the ponderous beam- engine, and when the machinery had got fairly into motion, she hurled a bottle of champagne upon the fly-wheel, and named the engine " Hercules,'' amid the cheers of the company. The smaller wind ing engine was then put into motion, and a similar ceremony ended in its being proclaimed the " Hebe " to the big " Hercules" of the ponderous beam. Another salvo of cheers, and yet another for the fair cele brante, closed this portion of the business, and the Company at once sat down and partook of luncheon. The next celebration was that of the United Ex tended Bud of Hope Company, on the Bedan and Golden Point leads, when a large gathering of share holders in, and guests of, thc above company took place at the No. 2 or Golden Gate shaft, to celebrate the obtaining of tbs drat gold and to baptise the en gines. About sereu ty ladies and gentlemen assem bled on the occasion, the company in clading « bankers, merchants, and others," as well as miners proper, and for their entertainment three tables were laid in the engine room, and «ere liberally served with a great many of, if not " all the delicacies of the season," the company doing justice on their part to the good things provided for their delectation. The first machine of washdirt was that displayed on this occasion, when the pnddliog machines were started io the presence of the assembled company. In the engine room, an apartment measuring 80ft by 30ft, there are two horizontal engines, one for wind in ir and one for pumping. The pumping engine is of 24} cylinder with 3J feet stroke, and the winding engine is of 20J cylinder, with 4ft stroke. For the snpply of steam there are two boilers, measuring each 24ft by 6£ft, but only one is used at present. There is also a double action 8-inch pump, with 26-inch stroke, for the snpply of water to the puddling machines and the sluicing apparatus. A lofty and spacious brace and poppet-heads are erected on a level with the two paddling machines, the latter being driven by a chain connected with the shaft of the pumping engine. The works comprise apparently every requisite for efficiently carrying on the com pany's business, and the pile on pile of firewood and the general appointments of the place ehow that the company means work and not play. Some £5000 has been laid ont on the surface plant at thia shaft alone. The company, having had a leisurely in spection of the works, then assembled tn the engine room to witness the formal baptism of the engines. The performance of this ceremony was devolved on Mrs David Robertson, the wife of the chairman of the Board of Directors, himself an old miner and an old townsman, who has won an honorable position amongst hU fellow shareholders. He remarked, in introducing the business, that the company had a large claim-BO large, in fact, that he believed no one then present would live to see it worked ont. The winding engine was first started'and was' named " The Good Hope." The pumping engine was then set in - motion, and was named, after the lady celebrant we believe, " Tne Lady Bessy." A lusty round of cheers accom panied each portion of the ceremony, and an extra salvo waa given for Mrs Robertson herself. The Leigh Grand Junction Company, Durham Lead, was the next in the festive circle. On the 16th instant about one hundred persons assembled together to witness the starting and christening of the above company's engine. Mr Cuthbert Mason, manager of the Pioneer Gold Mining Company, presided on the occasion. Miss Clara Maisey performed the christening ceremony, and after a few appropriate remarks broke a bottle of wine over the fly-wheel, at the same time giving it the name of the Queen of the Leigh. Mr Joseph Bowes, manager of the company, then gave a detailed account of the company's transactions and position. The cost of the plant was stated to be £1900, the depth of shaft 127 feet, and the sum expended in sinking £782, the capital called up £2834, so that the company's financial position is first- rate, everything being paid for, and the claim entirely free from debt. Mr John Maisey, manager of the Durham United Gold Min ing Company, made a speech on self-reliance and the efforts made by the working miners of Durham Lead to raise themselves to a higher position. The party assembled partook of an excellent luncheon provided at the expense of the company. A few days subsequently there was a great gather ing of shareholders and guests, at the Buninyong Gold Mining Company's claim, Scotchman's Lead, for the purpose of baptising and inaugurating the underground engine. Those present numbered about one hundred persons, including thirty ladies. We are getting used to above-ground celebrations of this-aorr, but this was the first subterranean festival we have had to record, and as the novelty has about it some points of interest we give fuller details thereanent. To say nothing of the preparations above ground, the company bad evidently resolved that nothing should be wanting below. Toe engine room preBemed the appearance of a neatly fitted np refreshment chamber replete with every delicacy in the shape of wines, spirits, pastry or fruit. At about two o'clock the proceedings of the day com menced, and two at a time the ladies achieve! the descent, the cage being capable of accommodating that number, or lour gentlemen. By-and-bye, both shafts were tully employed, and cage after cage was filled and deposited below-the gentlemen, oí coarse, taking to the wet shaft. We were landed nest at the depth of 270 feet, at another well-lighted, well provisioned store, the delicacies contained in which the company again partook. All this time the living cargoes were descending, and two ladies and four gentlemen were each time added to the crowd below. Presently a train arrived consisting of nine carriages, or trucks, each covered with colored cloth or drugget and intended to bold one, but into which at 1er st two managed to stow themselves away, with strict inj unctions to becarefnl of " the left," a warning that was absolutely necessary, seeing that the tracks in some parts barely cleared the supports intended for mining only and cot fdr the convenience of visitors. To fill the train was easy enough, and off it went, propelled only by two stout miners, remind ing one of a journey on the Gravesend and Rochester railway, BO tar as darkness is concerned, and with occasional thankfulness for the warning, seeing that the trucks in some parts almost touched the sides. Having reached the end of our journey (968 feet) we were landed on a platform and ascended to a chamber, 40 feet square, a size partially caused, as we under stood, by the falling in of a portion of the roof. Here, waiting for the baptism, was placed a splendid 17 horse power high pressure borizoutal engine, and close by, decorated with ribands, hung the bottle of cham pagne. Time wore an, and people of every grade uncoated themselves-M.L.A.'s, magistrates, and coiners found consolation in stripping and frater nising. After a time (the miniature train having con veyed the whole of the visitors) the business of the day was commenced, and Miss Cuthbert was intro duced to the meeting. Seated in a chair, the lady waited the starting of the engine, then rising, and giving the driving wheel the benefit of the bottle, she spoke as follows, in a most unassuming and pleasing manner:-"Ladies and Gentlemen,-It affords me much pleasure to be present at the inau guration of this day's proceedings. I have long been clJ8ely connected with the Buninyong Gold Miaing Company. Those who are most nearly and dearly connected with me are identified with its prosperity, and therefore I feel co slight pleasnre in being selected by you to give a name to your new under ground engine, which I sincerely trust may fully answer your expectations. I hereby name it the Gold Finder, and remembering the happy results of your past labors-how richly they have been crowned with success-I look upon them as a bright harbinger of the future, and I do trust that this engine will be what I have named it-a gold finder. Sincerely is it my wish t jat, assisted by it, you may be enabled to develop the valuable and rich resources which lie embedded in your soil." (Loud cheers.) The company partook of what may not inappropriately be called an elegant repast in the underground " hall of ( .ot very) dazzling light." One lady fainted owing to the oppressive nature of the air at so great a depth from the surface, but toast after toast betokened that the company generally were jovial enough. Mr Henry Cuthbert, solicitor, and one of the original promoters of the company, said, in reply to one of the toasts, time was when he had difficulty to form the company. He took the respon sibility upon himself and had a great task imposed upon him ia inducing people to become share holders, although they had since realised £70,000. The day was now theirs, having overcome every difficulty in connection with the company; and he might add that, from October last to that time, the dividends had averaged £650 per anning AmongBt the mining casualties of the month we regret to have to record the death of two men, Michael Cairns and Robert George, at the Camp Company's claim, Cobblers Lead. The men were being hauled up the Bhafc when the machinery from some unexplained cause got ou; of gear and both unfortunates were dashed to the bottom. One was killed on the spot and the other only sur vived a day or two. There is a shameful amount of recklessness in the management of mining operations, and we fear that this is a case ia which two human beings have been sent to their account from a want of proper care somewhere. It is difficult, if not impossible to put the finger upon the actual offender in many of these cases, and some times the casualty takes the form of pure accident such as no ordinary foresight contd anticipate oi prevent, but it is clear that something ought to be done to enforce greater care than is at present exer cised. We have long held, and still contend, thal the only remedy for prerentible accidents is a lan making each company pecuniarily responsible for thc damages suffered by accidents in or about its mine. Alluvial mining has developed no new thing wort! special mention, since our last. As showing thc desertion or partial desertion of some of our earlie) and famous grounds, we may mention that th« whole of the old ground from the "Jewellers Shops" downwards, on the Canadian Lead, is nov entirely deserted until the Lady Darling Company'i claim is reached on the Red Hill ground. Ever the Celestial seems to have giving up nuning then for a bad job now, and to have betaken himself ti other and more promising localities. So with thi Eureka, from the Confederate lead downwards save where the Ready Rhino Company does no work, and the late East India Company content itself with pulverising the debris of more primitiv times. On the upper side of the Confederate work there is an equally deserted look about the ono glorious lead, until it has been traced right np to it origin in Rotten Gully, and there the sound of quart batteries shows very plainly that a change has com over the place that used to be the loved of alluvia miners. A few paddling parties still ply their ol calling about the gullies of the old locality, but th more modern industry of the quartz-miner has gene tally taken the place of the earlier phases of minin adventure. And for the quartz-miner there seems to lie an almost inexhansüble field far profitable operation in the ranges and gollies which run in every direction in and around Little Bendigo. That the first rush of investors did not exhaust or even prove the ground has been conclusively shown by the success of the parties who have turned to auch good account the Old Monte Christo Company's ground, while of the good quality oí the atone in that part of the field the excellent averages so steadily obtained by toe companies crushing there anora very gratify ing proof. The Great Republic Company is now no more. After a life of several years on the Inkermann Lead, and with more or less of success, and after passing through several transformations it has at last given np the ghost, and all its corporealities were bought lately by the Boyal Saxon Company for the sum of £2525. This includes the Lemonade freehold, the Crown land claims, and all the plants and machinery on bath the freehold and Crown land claims. The Essex and Garibaldi mines, on the Suburban Lead, have been swamped during the month, but they have bees bailed again, and ordinary operations will in all probability be resumed forthwith. Quartz mining about the region of the Canadian, Prince Regent, and adjoining localities, appears to have come unmistakably to grief. The Canadian Company failed to make both ends meet, and the whole of the plant has been cleared off the ground, the mine being utterly abandoned to all appearance. Passing on further we come to the site of the famous Canadian, alias Sarah Sands, nugget, found in Feb ruary, 1853. Here the Old Canadian Quartz Com pany erected a very capital plant, well appointed in most particulars, some year or two ago, bat it now lies idle, and has for many a month past. The company had a large claim, and large masses of stone too, and easily lifted, for a large portion of the : company's working history, some excellent averages being at first realised, all things considered. But the yield fell off, the cost of raising in creased, and ultimately the venture was prac tically abandoned. Over the ridge were the sites of the Hopewell and South Canadian Companies, but the places now know them no more. lu each of these instances, too, the look of things at first was decidedly encouraging, albeit it must be" confessed that the ventures were begun when there was a sort of quartz mania going about, as previously there bad been a sluicing epidemic of a very viraient character. Thus, heavy outlays for plant were incurred without a sufficient preliminary testing of the ground, and hence the collapses that followed. A« we have had frequent occasion to remark, there is no doubt that the firss essays in quartz mining were entered upon in a great many cases with hardly the slightest enquiry, it being assumed that all that was necessary was an area with a certain amount of probability of a lode or lodes of quartz being con tained therein. Dearly have many adventurers paid for this hasty speculation; while in some cases luck was good, and really valuable mines have been opened. And it may be said, further, that with still more improved means of winning gold and treating the ore generally, even the worst of our lodes may be made to pay the worker. That time, however, has not yet come, and thus the ventures we have now mentioned have been given np, as also a large number of others begun in a similar way. The Independent Quartz Company held a general meeting this month, when the manager's report and balance sheet were submitted. From the report laid before the meeting it appears that from 17 th October, 1863, to the 7tb May, 1864, the company crushed 7453 tons quartz, which yielded 90oz 12 dwt ot gold, from which £2101 103 were paid in divi dends. The average quantity of stone crashed per week was 257 tons, with an average yield of 2 dwt 10} gr, giving a weekly dividend to each share holder of £8 4s. The total cost of winning the gold, including shareholders* labor and wear and tear of machinery, is estimated at 5s 4d per ton. With reference to the gold yield of the district we can only report our previous statements. There are now no trustworthy returns published, none that is trustworthy in an exhaustive sense, or even in an approximately exhaustive sense. The escort returns published do not include the more import ant divisions of the district, and the returns obtained from other sources are neither full nor regular. But so far as they go they are reasonably accurate, and they show something of what the principal dividend-paying companies in the district are doing in the matter of gold winning. We give below the returns of gold and of dividends reported since our last summary, the companies being classi fied under the heads of the several Mining Board Divisions of the district to which they belong, alluvial companies being distinguished from quartz companies. Ballarat Alluvial Companies-Koh-i-Noor, 1150 oz, £45, £24; Great Extended, 800 oz, £18, £16; Defiance, 554 oz, £25, £20; Nelson, 480 oz, £33, £18; Albion, 114 oz; Cosmopolitan, £13; United Extended Band of Hope, 636 oz; Prince of Wales, 458 oz, £14; Bonshaw, 358 oz, £8 (£1 scrip); Bal larat East, 29 oz. _ Ballarat Quartz Companies-Black jail, 174 oz; New Monte Christo, 189 cz; Sisters, 48 oz. Baoinyong Alluvial Companies-Buninyong, 200 oz, £2 (scrip); Waterloo, 67 oz; Duke of Northum berl:nd, £5. £5. Creswick Alluvial Companies-Better Late Than Never, -177 oz; Junction, 68} cz ; Great Eastern, 9 oz; Nye and party, 16 oz, £12 10«; Billing and com pany, 23 oz; Hit or Miss, 67} oz; Rose of Allandale, 15 cz; Last Chance, 16 j oz; Crapp and company, £20; United Foreigners, 45 oz; Smythesdale Com pany, 46} oz; Golden Emporium, 42 oz; You Know, 21 oz; Johnson and company, a nugget 28 az. Creswick (Clunes) Quartz Companies - Port Phillip, 8291; oz; Clunes United, 140} ox; Creek Company, 14} oz. Smythesdale Alluvial Companies-Try Again, 504os, £10, £10; Surpris?, 344oz, £25; IOU, 47} oz; Reliance, 205 oz, £9; Bute, 405 oz; Avoncliff 267 oz, £5, £5; Azimuth, 160 oz; Caledonia, 87 oz; Dodds and Co, 17 oz; Arnold and Co , (nugget) 34 oz; Big Gun, 23 oz; Grace Darling, 19 oz; Bose of England, 10 oz; Star, C4; Wheal Kitty, 30 cz; Grand Trunk, 294 oz; Golden Stream, 91 oz; Royal Exchange, 26 oz; Redan, 27 oz; Golden Age, 38 J oz; Atlas, 91J oz; North Grenville, 60 oz ; Bulldog, 167} oz; British, 1279 oz, £10, £32; Cleft in the Rock, 141 oz; Dawn of Hope, 43} cz; Grand Junction, 813 oz, £3, £4; Volunteers, 578 oz, £4; Robin Hood, 188} oz; Luck's All, 18} oz; Nil Desperandum, £26; Kan garoo, £6; Band of Hope, 13cz; Happy-go-Lucky, 12 cz; Grand Welcome, 15 oz; Royal Oak, 21 oz; Magnum Bonum, 25 oz; Alabama, 20} oz; Sherwood, 91} oz; Prince of Wales, 24} oz; British Columbia, 32 oz; Wait and Hope, 38 uz. Smytherdale Quartz Companies-Britannia, 182 oz; Staffordshire Reef for April, 270} oz; for May, 250} oz; since then, 107 oz; Federal for April, 70 oz; for May, 99 oz; Oriental for April, 39} oz; May, 36} oz; Comet for April, 122} oz; May, 61} oz; Spring dallah, 53 oz; M'Ewin and Co., 14 oz. From Daylesford, we have the following reports: Wombat Hill, 580oz, £10, £10, £10; Corinella, 204 oz; Concordia, lil oz; White Star, 63oz; Ajax, 118 oz. Our Yandoit correspondent supplies the following figures:-Cornish and York, 58*oz; Bryant and Co., llloz; Morrison and Co., 14 oz, £7. 