CURRENT TOPICS. Mr Strachan baa made arrangements -for visiting England by the overland route, taking his departure by the Madras, on the 24th instant. He will be back amongst us before i the year is out. On Thursday, he obtained | by a vote of the Legislative Council leave of absence for twelve months, Mr Mitchell stating on his behalf that he had placed the resignation of his seat in the Council in the hands of a gentleman who wonld make use of it in case the interests of his constituents in the South-western district required it, or in case they should call for it—a contingency not anticipated. There are few men in the colony who have so well earned the right to take a holiday trip. The "West End Cricket Clitb play the return match with the Wlnchelaea Club this morning, on Drumcondra. Wickets to be pitched at half-past ten o'clock. The West End team consist of Hawkes, Lane, Griffin, Osborne, Upston, Thompson, Towle, O'Dwyer, Barkly, Cro «k, and Williamson. The Winchelsea eleven nre—Armytage, W. J. T. Tindate, Or chard, Gullen, Shden, Maidment, McCallura, Anderson, and W. Sterling. The Annual Geelong Yacht Club Race for the Champion Cup came off yesterd-y in the bay. There were three entrirs only; the Secret, a Melbourne boat, and the winner of the cup last year; the Sundn, a small yacht belonging to the ship of the Bame name lying at the wharf, and the Southern Cross, belong ing to Messrs Heath and Jackson, of GeeloDg. The Cross, which was admirably sailed by Spilling, won the race (three times across the y 3| hours. match has, we understand, been arr ^ for this afternoon, at half-past two, t t 7 tlj.e undermentioned craft:—Mr J. Rtir a Mr J. iloldswor.h's Aurora, Mr p" man-s V-ta Mr H" Lubra, Mr J. Shea's F„ Queen- Witb f"le gather it will afford a s sport, as the boats will be i. n tee-whole hrstanee round. A meeting pf delega f Firf. Brigades, from all parts of the col ^^.helf « <«»/« ence yesterday at the G. h. Br,"a<i? Sta''0D> Little Malop-street, when s °.m« ™P«tant resolutions were passed in r>-i. "* .nc0 . , fu ure position of three valuab. 8 ™ unteer bodies. The resolutions will be loaaa 'n another column. Just previ :ub to the start for the Bace, yesterday, a little boy fell down the . 'Pie «t the eh'p tertuo^ely hi* fall jja? i broken by aorao gratings which were pro ject.ng from the Btcond deck. He escaped I without any further injury than a severe cut in th<* face. The cricket match, played on Thursday last | between the Comunn na Fienne and Coune warre and districts club?, resulted in a victory for the latter, they having won by one only. The match-was on the ground of Mr Noble, to whom the cricketers are in debt for his hospitality. "Well, Early Bird, how stands it between you and Saxby ?" u There ain't much differ ence between us as yet, Mr Editor; Saxby made a hit on ilie 7th and 8th, and I made a hit on the ISili and 10.h. I think my dan gerous days are as good qs his. D >n't you think so : " ,f Yes ! you are so nearly on a par with each other, that it cannot be said that either of you has won the day.'* " There you are wrong, Mr Edt or, for I never preten ded to prophesy the weather; I only said Saxby was an impostor, and if I prove that a shake of my hat is a* good os all his star-gazing, of course I win." " But do you kuow that the Melbourne papers claim the 18'h as one of Saxby's d«ys?" "I know nothing except whit we agreed upon at the beginning of the month. Turn up the 'Tiser. There it is: — 1 "Seeing that the plan proposed would afford an j approach to an cxpcrimentuni crxtci*, we closed I with Early bird, stipulating that the nnUblers | should he taken by instalments, to he commenced there and then. Adjourning for that purpose, the | wide awake was charged iriih the numbers rf Saxhy's fine weather days, and it was agreed that the first number drawn should be a h* commence ment of Early Bird's 1 very dangerous ' diy». The , lot fell upon the 18th. To avoid prnhxity, it is sufficient to say that Early Bird's lip for the I weather is as billows:— 1 Feb, A, 13 and 13, 18 to 20, 27. , which lie backs against suxby's : _ Feb. 2, 7 to 9, 16,23 nn'd 2L" 1 There was no resisting iheevi lence of our own types, iuk, aud paper, and we must say that the claim put in by the Melbourne press for 1 Saxby shows bow desp' rarely determined they are to back him up. His prediction for the 18:h is local to England, and it was out of justice to him that ibe day was omitted ; be says that if the cyclones (the West Indian hurricanes) reach England at all, they may be expected on the ISth Early Bird'sstortn was not a cyclone ; it did rot come from the West Indies, and it did not Teach England. Hon to whom honor is due. The storm of the night 18-20 was as fairly Early Bird's as the milder one of 7-8 was Saxby'a A most extraordinary scene occurred in the Police Court yesterday on the examination of , a Chinaman named Ma Loo, charged with stealing a quaeterche-fc of tea, from the pre i misps of Messrs Osborne. The evidence was as clear as possible, and to the following effect j —Ma Loo had been in the habit of dealing with Mr Osborne and of occasionally getting j credit. About a fortnight ago something in duced Mr Osborne to suspect that the pri I aoner was not only unworthy r £ credit, but that he also took opportunity to steal some I thing from the store, and his credit was ! stopped. On Thursday last Ma Loo again j called at the store and priced some things. I Mr Adcock, the storeman, who wos in the office, watched the prisoner, and saw him remove a quarter-chest of tea from the bick part of the stoie to the front, near the door. Believing he meant to steal it he did not inter fere, and he subsequently saw the prisoner go as fsr as the Black Bull and return, and take up the quarter-chest and walk off with it. | Constable Collins was informed of the circum stance, follow* d the Celestial up nnd arrested | him with the tea inbis possession. Theprisoner, who could spe»k English very well, but who I returned the invariable Chiuese answer of " no ! savoy" to all questions put to him nearly ; j admitted having taken the tea, and that he did j not intend to pay for it. The Police Magis trate urged all sorts of arguments in favor of [ the prisoner, the chief of which were that j having once obtained cr« flit at the store, the ! prisoner " might" have taken the tea, intend , ing to return and pay for it—a defence which, ; if allowed, would be a famous one for thieves of all grades, fie also s tid that the storeman J having seen the pri-oner removing the tea, j should have prevented him taking it away. | The prisoner was then captioned in the usual way, and desired to select whether he would be tried by a jury, or be dealt with by the Bench. ,4No savey" was again the answer. The case was here reopened, and more evidence taken, the result of which was that the case was dismissed, the Police Magistrate being obstinately in favour oi a dismissal, and the Mayor as obstinately in favour of a cou •viclion. "When we reflect on the case of stealing money at the Golden Age hotel, the case of Wallace, charged with steuliug a watch, and the recrnt abduction case, in which the Police Magistrate committed the various par ties for trial, we cannot conceive how the same gentleman can hold such diametrically opposite views in dealing with criminal casea. In the latter three there was no evidence to justify a committal; m the case of the China man, there was no evidence to justify a dis charge. The treasurer of the Ladies' Benevolent Assoc ation has received a donation of L3 3s, from Mr C. Andrews. Wednesday's Riverine Herald gives the fol lowing Echuca news :—" The Murray is gradually descending to what is not very correctly called *' summer level," the low water season being usually from about March to August, or September. The Catnpaspe also is very low, and is now merely a cham of water holes irom its rise to i's confluence to the Murray. * * We hear of some parties iu this neighborhood being on the eve of making an exploratory tour in the Darling Country, We can only say we wish them much enjoyment of the trip. Our recommendation to persons having Buch intentions would be to defer their journey until May or June,—and they would find even then that they were fully soon in the field * * The tobacco plantings in the neigh borhood of Moama and Echuca have more than realised the expectations of ihe several owners. Ho small quantities have already been cut. The vineyards also are in a most flourishing condition. Those belongiug to Mr Glas9, of Wharparilla, and Mr Hopwood, at Echuca, as being the oldest as well as the most extensive and highly cultivated, are of course in the best condition. Ripe grapes have been produced for some time on both these properties, as also on some others. Melons, pumpkins, and cucumbers flourish everywhere in the neigh borhood, where they are grown in splendid size and great abundance. The fruit trees generally throughout the gardens are bearing abundantly." A meeting of gentlemen interested in the amended Land Act as proposed by the present Government was held at the Clarence Hotel, Melbourne, yesterday. We learn that several members of Parliament were present, and that others who have held seats in the Legis lative Assembly were also invited lo attend. The attendance wis sufficiently satisfactory to had to the suspicion that a new coalition is contemplated. Pluto and Demos may yet shake hands. One thing 13 certain, that St. George's Hall is pet apart in case of need for a public meeting, to afford an opportunity to ex-members of Parliament and others to de btte upon the land policy of the present Government. A deputation consisting of Messrs M'Pher son, Parkinson, and Learmonth, was intro duced to the Chief Commissioner of Lands and Survey yesterday, by Messrs J. C. Rid dell, Captain M'Mahon, and J. T. Smith, M L.A.'s, in reference to the withdrawal of certain lands advertised for sale in the pariah of Kororoit, on the 2C.h inst, in consequence of the land in question forming a portion of the farmers' commons. Mr Heale3 consented to withdraw the land temporarily, with the understanding that it would be re-offered at a \ future date. Ail amusing case was beird at the County | Court, Melbourne, yesterday. Both parties i to the suit being well known in medical circles. Th* plaintiff, Dr James Keene, Surgeon, sued ! Sydney Gibbons, annlytical chemist, for the sum of L15 17s 6d, on account of which L4 had been paid into court by the defendant. Mr Newton, instructed by Mr Edwards, Jun,, appeared for the plaintiff. The defendant conducted his own defence. In opening the case it transpired that Mr Keene is the editor of the "Medical Review," and had been in the habit of letting apartments. Mr Gibbons took lodgings- from the plaintiff on the 13th November last, and remained there until the 11th December, at which period there was L8 due for rent, the balance of the account being due for goods sold and delivered* The goods charged for as damaged were destroyed by defendant. It appeared that a cat in the establishment annoyed Mr Gibbons. Mr Gib bons determined to take vengeance upon the cat, and seizing a poker gave an exciting chase to the feline offender, and eventually succeeded, in killing it—during which, the aricles in question were broken. On another occasion, Mr Keene's servant took breakfast to Mr Gibbons, and placed before him a loaf of bread, which in taking from the baker had accidentally got wet. Mr Gibbons swore at the servant, and threw the loaf out of the window. The Bervant was so far indignant as to decline to wait again upon the defendant. For the defence it was stated the accommodation was of a most i unsatisfactory description, and so far as the cat heat WM Concerned, he Admitted that ho had caused pussy's death by inflicting blows with a-poker, and which poker he broke on tho occasion. But on .the other hand he stuted that Alt Keene had held a p^st mortem examination on the body, and no doubt the scientific world %vouid be materially benefitted by the investigation. He would not swear that he had not himself mode an analytical examination. The cat nuisance was a c>m mon ground of complaint to both of them, and Air Keene had killed quite as in my cats as he had done. After a little quiet bmtering a verdict for L-l 10s was recorded for the plaiu tifF, in addition to the Li paid into court, and Ll 3s Sd costs. The prosecution in the Ballaiat District Police Court of Messrs Ayera and Cresey, pro prietors of tho Pantechna'heea, on a charge of illegally holding lotteries was withdrawn. The prosecution, though nominally at the in stance ot the Police, was in reality instituted by the lessees of tho theatre, who fancied that the lottery part of the exhibition came un fairly in competition with rival attractions. So soon as it was understo'd that the Pan technatheca would finally close on Saturday, and would not return to Uallarat for this year at least, the case was abandoned. Our Tasmanian files by the City of Laun ceston, are to 16th inst. Th» district of Oadands, Green Ponds, and Brighton, had been visited with a severe frost, doing exten sive damage to the unripe crop?. The efforts made to obtain commutation of the sentence of death passed upon Hubert MeKavor, had been unsuccessful, and he was left for exe The Ballirat Chamber of Commerce eeeraa to be in a v ry bad way. Yesterday's Star say* .—u Eighty pounds sterling are the bete noir of the rath r celebrated Ballarat Chamber of Commerce. Eighty pounds sterling cannot be raised by the mercantile interest of the me'ropolis of the g-dd field to pay its way, and keep a room for its Chamber of Commerce to meet in. At least this seems to be the position of aff.iirs, for a special meetiog of members was wis called for la^t evening, a? the chamber is in peril of an action for I-SO due to its secretary, and in imminent dange of heing turned bodily and ignominiously out of its plnce of meeting. Only seven gentle men assembled at the meetirg, and their wail was moat plaintive, tho only doleurs of the cuutarencc being an occ isiomil symptom of mutual recrituinatior, ve»rtmj near, now and tn mutual " cihnfiiop." "It is nnlv two-pouud ten apiece," s*.id one of the most animated of the lachrymose synod, but still the tormenting syj-iphus of eighty pounds rolled back upon tbo imaginations of the auditor*, and the getting out of debt was per tinaciously regarded as a contingency of ex treme doubtfulness. As a sort of forlorn hopu the meeting at length appointed itself a com mittee to go round and get contributions in aid of the terrible eighty pounds sterling or '• two-pound ten apiece," and the committee is to report to the next meeting, or probably to itself, if all the s veti can ever be got to gether again. This is the aspect of things with the chamber at present, and we presume that if a Chamber of Commerce is wanted in Ballarat there is enough of money and spirit among the mercantile citizens of the town to save the moribund body from absolutely giving up the ghost " A Melbourne contemporary announces that the. annual encampment for tin's year will be held at Sunbury on 28th March and two fol lowing days. The advantages of the placa and time choson arg thus set forth :—" In the immediate vicinity of the Sandhurst line of railway, and almost encircled by Jackson's Cr<ek, besides being sheltered on all sides by sloping ranges, it offers numerous advanTages, and, if the volunteers are but favored with fair weather, and satisfactory arrangements are made for their reception, there is every probability that they will be enabled to speak of the encampment of 1864 as one of the most successful yet attempted in the colony. One thine is certain, tbov will have abundance of good water, which on the last occasion they had not, and the ground being finely timbered, the tents will be thereby rendered more com fortable. Another very great improvement will he in the time of holding the encamp ment. It is to commence ou Easter Monday, the 2Sth March, aud continue on the two fol lowing days, Tu sday and Wednesday, thus not interfering with the departure of the Eng lish |tnail, or with Good Friday and Easter Sunday, as was the case in 1861 or 1862 Tuesday will be the grand review day in the camp; and being almost a3 univcr.-ml a holi day as Easter Monday, the attendance both of volunteers and the general public may be expected to be large. When the whole of the arrangements have been carefully complete ', we shall tie enabled to refer to the muter more at length, and also record the variou* positions in the camp the volunteers will •is-ume. It is to be hoped that employers who may have volunteers in their service will make arrangements to enable them to attend during the three clays, so that the encamp ment may not be a failure as regards attend ance." 