TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS.) SYDNEY. November 5. AT seven o'clock last night, Mr. Whitlield, a gunmiiker in iKing-slrcct, waa shot dend whilst standing nt his own door, by Glynn, another guiuniikcr, who resides in A'ark-street. No words passed between G lynn and the deceased provious to tho shot being fired. G'ymi was immediately arrested by some people who were nour ut the time, und witnessed (ho net. Tho norl beni niiiil lins been swept away by a heavy Hood near Tamworth, and the passen- gers bud ii vory narrow escupo from being drem ned. The body of Mr. Greig, tho artist, has boen found near North Head. The La ITogne has arrived from London. Murkets remain unchanged. * MELBOURNE. "Tho Oaks" ruco was won hy Illumination. "The Dorby" by Laiilo'rn, "Tim Handicap," by Illinninntioii, mid tho "Hurdle Baco" by ?Banger, Falcon being second-lill aged. Business,is quiet. The South Australian has sailed northward. ADELAIDE. Tho Port AugustavTraimray Bill has been passed by tho Assembly. ~ -->, Tho markets uro dull. v^ .. AYi: ure not surprised that in tho Government Oasrtte of Saturday no odlei'il notification wni mudo of the important. tender which was ac- cepted on the previous day-namely, that of Messrs. Teto, Brassey, mut Co., for the continua- tion of tho lino from .Litllo Liverpool to Too- woomba. It ia ovidont that 'tho eminent finn of Mneulistor, Fitzgibbon, and Co., aro afraid of pinning boforo tho public any matters connected with tho little speculation on which they have outered, mid tlmt they, knowing that parliament will not bo summoned for nomo months, deem tho presont ns tho vbesfc opportunity which will ho nllbrdod to them of milking tho railway undertaking moro profitablo to themselves than ever it is likely to bo to the public. AVe havo too much respect for Iho representativo of her Mujobty in this colony to suppose for one moment tlmt ho is awiiro of tho tricks and stratagems of ono who is plncod in tho position of nu adviser ; but at Iho sumo timo it appears somewhat strange that ho should permit n policy to bo pursued which only n fow months ago was unanimously condemned on account of its injustice Tho course adopted by the present Minister of Liiiuls and Works is not ono which ull'ects cortuin porsons in tho colony only ¡ not ono which occasions to thom a mo but ono which will hare a most prejudicial cll'oet hcreiiftor, inasmuch as capitalists from oilier colonies will not ten 1er for any govern- ment works when they know that the head of the department, is closely linked-how closely will some day he proved-with the representa- tivo of an English (Inn, and willi ti gentleman who 1ms selected Queensland for the purpose of trying a new engineering ovporiment. AVo nre glad to find (hut only ono feeling prevails out of doora in regard to tho conduct of Mr. Muc nlistcr and his friends with reference to the Intest accepted contract. That is ono of dis Eiist, Unit, in this tho youngest brunch of Aus- tralia, a colony which prides itself upon having tho most liberal liuva and upon ollermg a welconio to nil comers, tho public welfare should bo ¡undo subservient to tho private interests of a member of the Government and his friends. How is it that Mr. Macalister and his colleague, the Colonial Secretary, havo not as yet invented somo plan by which Ihoy could hoodwink tho public, and nt tho sumo time ussmuonn appearance of sincerity by publishing a list of tho tendera and their amounts. Surely Ihoso two gentlemen musl havo held consulta- tions on tho subject ero, now. No doubt thpy huvo propounded schomes by which they coald grasp tho means for solving tho dilllculty. But then (hero is nnolhor member of tho clique to bo consultod-the great engineer. AVhat can bo dono with him ? Moro neuto than oven his legal coadjutors, ho has so firmly planted him- self ns n component part of our railway board, that ho can now defy him who first held forth the hand of welcome, mid, in fact, can make his own torins willi tho supposed protectors of tho interests of tho public. After nil, wo do not blnmo (ho Mhiister for Lands and AVorks for "making liny whilst tho sun is shining." Ho certainly lins been most industrious, mid hits good laborera in his field. AVo would recom- mend him to secure their services at any price, for if over at any futuro sensoa ho wishes to gathor in so profitable a crop as Hint ho is at present reaping, ho will require them. AVK havo been informed that the action taken by the municipal aulhoritics in enforcing 'the operation of tho new bye-lnw preventing tho erection of wooden buildings in firot-elnss slrcots, has been objected (o by certain persons who a-serl that u desire is evident on the purl of (he coi'purution to exceed tho power given by tho bye-law. The question will be deeidecl before u legal tribunal during the present week, the cou Uleling parties having como lo n deteniiiuutioii to join issue, TnE REV. AV. TAYLOB preached yesterday morning and evening at tho Wesleyan Chapel, Albert-street, to largo congregations. In the evening especially, the chapel waa completely crowded. Collections wore mado on behalf of the Colonial Mission Fund, and a largo amount of molloy was received. Ouu Sydney correspondent, who is prevented by temporary illncBs from forwarding his usual Nows and Notes, writes on tho 1st instant that great political excitement existed with reference to tho ponding division on tho voto of confi- dence in tho Ministry, tho debato on which sub- ject was to bo resumed that afternoon (Tues- day). Our correspondent says that the Opposition wcro'then confident of victory, and intended, if successful, to rofuso any voto of supply to tho defeated Ministry, thus taking tho udvico for a dissolution out of tho hands of Mr. Martin, and forcing him to resign. The revelations that had been made with respect to magisterial appointments and bill accommoda- tions had created immense scandal, mid the conduct of the Ministry in forsaking yet seeking to dofend Mr. Holroyd was generally reprobated. Amongst the notices of motion that liad been placed on tho business paper of the Assembly was oWo by tho Rev. Dr. Lang', to the effect that tho province of "Riverina" ought to bo separated from Now So'uth AVules. In tho Umpire, of November 1st, lhere is a letter from the doctor headed " AVhat I lost by going to Riverina," from which it ap- pears tljut, .owing to unexpected delays during tho doctor's journey to thal quartor, ho was nonsuited in his net ion against the proprietors of tho Sydney Herald, and has had to - pay lo Messrs. Johnson mid Johnson, their nttornoys, the enormous sum of £321. Our correspondent notices a current rumor to the effect that the Queensland Assembly was yet likely lo refuse Iho volo of £1000 to Dr. Lung, according to Iho address to Ihc Goiernor, on the ground that tho doctor had since denounced the thing as mean and shabby; but, says our correspondent' " that chargo against Queensland would be proved if the Assembly now, through any undigni- fied feeling of irritation, repudiated its own act in this mutter." TuniiE was a very pleasant excursion to the buy on Saturday, Mr. John Taylor, ' of the firm of Mackay, Baines, and Co., having improvised a marino pic-nic previous to his departure from this colony. The steamer Diamond was re- tained for the occasion, mid a fairer freight sho dover had-for, to uso a hackneyed phrase, tho élite 'of Brisbane wcro visitors. The steamer loft Newtons' wharf at about half-past ten o'clock, ami at oneo steamed for (ho bay direct. After paying complimentary calls on the other ships in our harbor, sho attached herself to tho ship Queen of tho South-the largest vessel wo understand which lins yet como into Queensland water. The commander of that vessel (Captain Purvis) had apparently mado every preparation for (ho reception of tho visitors, tho ship being dressed in her best, and altogether offering a ,inost inviting appearance. At about half-past ono .??Hie visitors were iuvilod to partake of a vory handsomely laid out cold collation, mid duo jùstàco having been dono to it, sovernl toasts wcrtN-proposcd. The principal was that of " Mr. John '^Taylor," who for.somo timo pust has been residing amongst us, and who represents, ns n member of it^mio of tho most important English shipping flrms."~~vMr. Taylor mado a most happy reply ; he referred to the visits ho had mado to various parts of^tho colony, and the gratification ho had experienced from his observation of thom. The . coast lino scenery had frequently reminded him of that on the great Archipelago, whilst that on the Downs conveyed tho idea of ono largo English park. Tho healths of tho various officers con- ned ed with tho Black Bull Lino were proposed in duo course, mid wcro most heartily responded to. The sicamor then left on her homeward trip, mid arrived air Newtons' wharf at about niño o'clock. Throughout the day all was en- joyment. Br an advertisement which appears in another column, it will bo seen that Mr. Crawford has engaged tho Campbell Minstrels uno Marline and Oushlii's troupe, to perform on Tuesday and AA'cdncsday evenings, at t ho Royal Horse Baiaar. Such a combination of talent can hardly fail to draw crowded houses. Tun Irish AVunrd's ontortainmonts at tho Armoury on Saturday worn scarcely so suc- cessful as Professor O'Brien had anticipated, a fact scarcely to be wondered nfc when it is remem- bered that Brisbane is at present suffering from a plethora of amusements of various descrip- tions. THEM: was a much larger attendance on Saturday evoning nt Messrs. Bartino and Oushlu's entertainment than on previous ovon ings during Iho week ; and us a consequence, the performance went off in a moro spirited and satisfactory manner. Tho classic grouping although fresh subjects were chosen, was of a very similar character to that already adverted lo, but the ghost fuiledHo put in nn uppearanco. Bartino introduced a novolty by walking nbout on a thick pieco of wiro stretched from ono end of the bazaar to the other. Although Iho wiro was about thirty feet from the ground, tho pro- fessor appeared to tread willi as much confidence as though ho were walking on terra Jirina. After walking backwards and forwards once or twice he proceeded to wheel ti barrrow along tho wire» ii feat which was performed in a most successful manner, und secured loud and continued applause from tho audience. Wo understand that a somotthat similar programme will bo pre- sented this evening, when tho entertainment M ill doubtless receive the large amount of patron- age it deserves. TUE Campbells did not succeed in attracting a largo number of visitors to their really good entertainment on Saturday evening. Indeed the hist night ot the week is very seldom found lo bo a good one as regards the nt tendance of the Brisbane publie at any indoor amusement. Tho performance lins exeollcnt, Messrs. Bent and Howson particularly distinguishing thom selves. During the past week both the gentle- men referred to hine given c\idóneo of their possession of a versatility which they lind hitherto had no opportunity of developing. At the conclusion of tho performance mi announce mont was made to the oH'oct that this evening's entcrtainnicnt would bo for the benefit of Messrs. Chitleuden and Braham, when another new programme, comprising a bullet entitled "Too niau} lovers will puzzle a maid," will bo pla}eil. As the benefits which have been takon b} the other members of the company lune been wry good ones, lhere is reason to believe that similar enummgeinciit will reward tho two gentlemen on whose behalf the performance will bo givvu, THE stoamcr Ipswich, which loft Brisbane yesterday nftornoon for the purpose of bringing up the passengers and mails by the Telegraph,' from Sydney, arrived at tho A.S.N. Company's wharf shortly after three o'clock this morning. Owing to the lateness of tho hour wo aro com- pelled to withhold tho publication of any Into nows. Tho files from Sydnoy aro to tho -Itli instant. A oitEAT many complaints havo recently been made at tho Police-ofilco with reference to depredations committed by tho blacks. Ono evening last week several blackfellows coolly walked into tho residence of n gentleman at, Spring Hill, and one of thora took away n hun. dlo of clothes that was lying upon tho table. Tho time has certainly como when it is necessary that decided steps should bo taken to put a stop to such impudent robbery. On Saturday afternoon a robbery was com- mitted at the Albion Hotel, Breakfast Creek, and there is little doubt but that some blacks, who are camped in the neighborhood of the hotel, were the guilty parties. It appears that one of them made his way into the servant's room off the kitchen, and took away a small workbox, the property of the servant girl, which contained, besides a £12 land order and a bank book, about £8 in cash, comprising the whole of the poor girl's savings for some months past. The police were out until late on Saturday evening searching the various camps, but could obtain no clue to tho thieves, or to any of the stolen property. A LAD nnmed Simpson, who a short time ago absconded from this place with monies belong- ing to his employer, a butcher residing at South Brisbane, . was brought por Telegraph in charge of tho'police. He will maleo his appear unco at the police court this day. Tun Gazette of Saturday contains the law arrangements for tho year 18G1 and 18G5, as assented to by their Honors tho Chief Justice nnd_Mr. Justico Lutwyche. AVE havo boon requested to call nttcnlion to tho fuct, that a mooting of tho members of'tho Brisbane Dramatic Society will he held this evening, at half- past seven o'clock, at tho North Australian Hotel, Adelaide-street. OK Saturday afternoon the chimney attached to the kitchen of the North Star Hotel, Lcich hurdt-street, Spring Hill, caught fire, and a blazo was visiblo for eoino distance. Fortunately, proper, steps were taken to extinguish the flumes, and very little damage was done. TUB nautical Magazine for August, last con- tains tho following Saxby predictions for 1SC1 05 :-List of days on which the weather muy bo suspeetod as linblo to chango, most probably towards high winds or lower temperature, being especially periods of utmosphcrie disturbance: -1861.-November 2 and 3, 9, 15, 23, 30. T)ccomborG,1l3, 20, 27. 18G5.-January 3, 9, IG, 21, 30-N.B. Tho 29th and 30th moy prove n troublesome period, with yery high tide on tho 29lh. February 5, 12, 20, 2G-N.B. February 2-ith to 2Gth will bo a very specially dangerous period, with a very high lido on the 27th. March 5, 12, 19, 2G to 23-N.B. March 25th to 28th will bo a dangerous period, with high tido. The nbovo apply to all parts of tho earth's surface, oven (in a diminished degree) to tho Irada bolts. 