MELBOURNE. (Argus.) .... An inquest was held on Monday, by the city coroner, at St. Kilda, upon the body of the unfortunate woman Frances Nicholson White, who committed suicide by taking strychnine on Saturday last. It appeared trorn tne evidence adduced that on Friday night, when the deceased returned from the theatre, she received a letter from an uncle in England, the perusal of which seemed to cause her to become very low spirited. The next morning she sent her servant to Rich- mond, to request her brother, residing there, to come and see her. The servant returned at about two o'clock in the. afternoon, " when deceased asked if she had seen her brother. The servant replied he was out, but would be sent as- soon as he came home. Deceased said she was going to die soon, and shortly sent the ser vant for some bread and butter and a glass of ale. On going into the room with the ale the servant saw the deceased eating the bread aud butter, which was rolled up in a way which she noticed. The servant remarking two papers lying on the floor, picked them up and saw they were marked poison. On asking the deceased what she had taken, she said she had taken poison, and that was what she went out for that morning. The servant at once ran out of the. house, and met the brother of the" deceased, whom she at once despatched for a doctor. The brother, on returning with Dr Van Hemert, found the deceased in convulsions; On recover ing for a time she gave him her hand-book, and directed him what to do with her effects. She died in about an hour.. Further- evidence showed that on the morning of Saturday the deceased went to the shop of Mr Thomas, chemist, and asked .the assistant for a shilling's worth of strychnine, saying she wanted it to -poison rats with, as they made such a noise that she could not sleep, and the poison she bought before was no good. The poison was supplied her, together with directions as to its use. The verdict of the jury was " That the deceased poisoned herself by strychnine." (Age.) The following extract from . a letter received by the present mail, by a gentleman in this city, has been forwarded to us for - publication. It will set at rest the numerous speculations that have been indulged iu as to the_ whereabouts of Mr Porter, whose connection with the Provident Institute has made him so notorious. The letter is from the captain, of the Eedan, and is dated Chincha Islands, 21th September : — "I am annoyed that the report should have arisen that Mr Porter had absconded in my ship. He left Melbourne five weeks before in an American ship called the Clara, Captain Wells, commander. I have written to — ; — to deny the statement-. I did not know anything respecting Mr Porter's transactions while I was iu Melbourne. He came on board my ship the day after we arrived at Callao. He looked like a wretched broken hearted man. I don't know what he is going to do at Callao. He talked of onty remaining there for one month after Mrs Por ter arrived." (Herald.) There were nearly sixty cases on the list at the City Police Court, on Monday. Several of the drunkards were victims of Colonel Pitt's, who havd cashed their advauce notes and spent the greater portion of the proceeds. Mr L. L. Smith was entertained by his con stituents at a public dinner, at Fletcher's Hotel, Hawthorn, on Monday night, on which occasion a handsome silver tea service subscribed for by the electors of Soujh Bourke,.was presented to their representative. The attendance numbered about fifty. The chief officer of the Gresham, against whom alone charges were brought of improperly sending a letter to one of the female immigrants on the passage out, and subsequently disobeying the captain's orders while in port, has, in addi tion to imprisonment, been dismissed the ship, and his wages forfeited. The Immigration De partment speak in the highest terms of Captain Brayley, surgeon-superintendent Crane, and the other officers. Among the passengers by the Aldinga was the hon. Eeader Wood, who proceeds by this mail to England, for the purpose of negotiating a loan of £3,000,000 for the New Zealand Government in the English money market. Mr Holmes, C.E., the well-known railway contractor, who is now engaged in constructing the railway from Christchurch to Lytteltoh, also returned to this colony by the Aldinga. The Alhambra steamship conveyed away the celebrated Eleven of All England. Upon em barking they were greeted with the hearty cheers .of numerous friends who had assembled to see them off ; and while the vessel lay along side, and indeed after her departure, the wharf was crowded with those who . wished to wave a temporary adieu to the Old England Eleven," and to wish them luck and God speed. The Melbourne correspondents of some of the. up-country journals occasionally supply their principals with items of metropolitan intelli gence which quite escape the attention of the Melbourne press. This circumstance has long appeared unaccountable to the conductors of the newspapers to whose columns the public natu rally look for the earliest information respecting incidents of a purely local significance, aud the character for industry and astuteness of their reporting staff has to some extent been jeopar dised. The murder, however, is now out ; the correspondents are gifted with a special faculty, their exclusive property, which they bring to the aid of the ordinary intelligence and capacity of a reporter. They possess the property of an- ticipating events; in short, they are ciairvoy- ants. Being thus endowed with : the power of prevision, they are, of course, able to anticipate events which others not similarly gifted regard as still in the egg of the future. Thus the corres pondent of the Bendigo: Advertiser, eager to ap prise that-journal of the favourable reception which it seems, judging by the tone of his com- munication, is to be accorded to the "real ghost" at the Princess's Theatre, writes, under date of the 23rd instant, as follows " The Princess's Theatre, which has for some time been closed in consequence of Mr Fawcett's removal to New Zealand, was "re-opened this evening, under the superintendence of Mr G. W. Cosfurd. . . The chief attraction--of the. entertainment consisted in the "exhibition of the ; bona; 'fide " Ghost, " as exhibited by Professor Pepper, of London. The illusion ,was.:compIete; and threw all prior colo- nial attempts at things spiritual into the shade, Mr Cosford also gave an electro- biological seance, performing some really astounding feats.'' It would certainly have been better had the writer, instead of fixing the affair to " this even- ing," extended the scope of the date, inasmuch as up to seven o'clock last night not only had the ghost not made its appearance, and Mr Gosford's really astounding feats were yet to be performed, but the Princess's Theatre had not even re- opened under the management of that gentle- man " or any other man." 