THE ENGRAVED WORKS OF SIR JOSHUA REYNOLDS. Between 1835 and 1838 that very effective mezzotint engraver S. W. Reynolds, with the aid of his pupils, of whom one of the most skilful was S. Cousins, R.A, the present head of our mezzotint School, brought out three volumes of small mezzotints after Sir Joshua Reynolds. In its most perfect state that collection includes some 363 plates, of unequal merit, as having been executed some by the master himself, others by 'prentice hands under his direction, some from the pictures, others from engravings, some with due care and finish, others slightly and hastily. But the beat plates of this series are full of effect, and, indeed, notwithstanding its small scale, it includes 'some of the best extant translations into black and white of the great master's color. This work has been a great boon to the lovers and students of Sir Joshua's art. Good impressions of the fine contemporary mezzotints of M'Ardell, the Watsons, Valentine Green, Doughty, Dickenson, Jones, and Raphael Smith (which, on the whole, do such wonderful justice to the pictures of Reynolds have become so rare and costly as to be quite beyond ordinary purses. Complete collections of Sir Joshua's " school" of engravings are confined to the Royal Library, the British Museum, or such princely private collectors' libraries as those of the Duke of Buccleuch or Lord Lansdowne, or a few of our industrial millionaire Mecssnasea. S. W. Reynolds's three volumes may be bought at prices varying between £10 for ordinary sets (includiug300 plates) and £60 for fine proof sets of the whole 363. The collector or artist may thus acquire for a comparatively small sum, the means of enjoy- ing the grace, beauty, spirit, and character of the most prolific and delightful of English painters, in what may be called in some sense a fairly representative body of engravings. Yet, to put forth even 360 plates as a representation of Sir Joshua's life's work is something like the Greek scholastic showing a brick as a sample of the house he wished to sell. The number does not take in above the eighth part, probably, of Sir Joshua's extant pictures. We speak doubtfully on this point, for no one knows exactly how many pictures Reynolds painted. The fullest catalogue (Cotton's) is very imperfect; but we learn that the one now in preparation for the life of Sir Joshua, begun by Leslie, and to be completed this year by Mr. Tom Taylor, will | contain considerably above 2,000 pictures many of them never before catalogued. Mr. H. Graves is, therefore, doing a much wanted and most welcome work in publishing 100 more engravings in continuation of the work of S. W. Reynolds. We should hope that the sale of this series will be remunerative enough to induce him to carry this continuation to twice or three times the proposed length. Even 600 plates will leave far from exhausted the beautiful examples of Sir Joshua, now sown broadcast through English galleries, town mansions, and country houses, many of them duly honored, cared for, catalogued, and glorified; others unknown as Sir Joshua's work even to their possessors ; some mildewing on the walls of shut-up manor houses, or rescued almost in ruin from gas sets, and even barns; others cherished as the daily companions, almost friends, of their possessors; some as fresh as the day they were painted, others pale ghosts of their quondam motives, and ghosts in the act lot vanishing, so that the graver will soon be the only means of preserving their memory. Sir Joshua's work does much to the engraver, and is well fitted for black and white. He made our best English mezzotint school, and its highly spirited and effective versions of his pictures helped to spread his reputation over the world, and have perpetuated, as it happens, many fine pictures of his which have now perished by fire or decay, some of which have fallen sacrifices to family feuds and disgraces, and others which have disappeared, but are not known to be destroyed. A singular example of the latter case is the full length of the young Countess of Uevby(matrepulchrâfiliapulchrior), daughter of the loneliest of the two beautiful Gunning's. Her portrait is known to us by Dickenson's fine engraving. but the whereabouts of the picture is a mystery, which Lord Derby is even now seeking to clear up. The fair young Countess stands by a flower wreathed altar of Hymen, on which is perched Sir Job1iu>i's famous macaw. The bird may help to identify the picture, and possibly this notice may meet the eye of some one who knows something about it. Never was a period so well painted as the generation covered by Sir Joshua's working life in London between 1788 and 1789. Not only was there Sir Joshua for the work, but Hudson, Ramsay, and Coles for his earlier, Gainsborough and Romney for his later contemporaries and what a time it was for interest and varied distinction, covering the Seven Years' War, and the glories of Chatham's most glorious time ; the battle of Bute and Wilkes, the struggles between prerogative and constitutional rights on the threshold of the reign of George III., I the wars of the Parliamentary Titans Burke 2 and Fox, Townshend and Bane, Pitt and Sheridan, the triumphs or reverses of such soldiers and sailors as Granby and Amherst, Howe, Clinton, and Cornwallis, Keppel and Rodney, Duncan and Hood and Elliott ; the era in literature of Grey and Percy, Johnson and Goldsmith, David Hume and Adam Smith, Sterne and Miss Burney. Robertson and Gibbon; in the drama of Foote and Colman, Quin and Macklin, Garrick, Henderson, and King, Weston and Shuter, Clive and Abing ton,Pritcliurd,SiddonB,andJoraan;thedayswhen Arno, Shield, and Jackson composed and Lin- ley, Bollington, and Mara sang, and when Horace Walpole was writing his letters, and Mrs. Montague entertaining the wits and blues; when the beautiful Gunning were mobbed in Park and drawing-room, and the meteoric Duchess of Devonshire canvassed the Westminster electors ; the days of the generation which hooted Byng to the quarterdeck, broke Lord North's windows on Keppel's acquittal, and danced round the ruins of Newgate and the wreck of Lord Mansfield's town house in the " No Popery riots ;" which opened its infant eyes on the menus plaisirs of the Furneaux serfs, and was startled in its) later manhood by the taking of the Bastille ; the epoch which begins with Frederick the Great and closes with Napoleon. It was emphatically the seed time of the harvest we are now gathering, in state-craft, arms, arts, letters and manners, and scarce one of the prominent actors of that buoy drama, which must over have the keenest interest for obtain spite of its public corruption and private pomposity, its defective criticism, formal verse, and slipshod or stilled manners, but was painted by Reynolds, ever welcome in all societies, and able to appreciate a lower range of class and character than any portrait painter in the world. The statesmen, soldiers, sailors, discoverers, philosophers, and connoisseur?, good fellows and virtues), fine gentlemen and hard-working authors, bankers and beggars, lawyers and players, pure children and painted deraireps,bluca and kept inistresBes, fine ladies and girl models picked up in Hedge lane and New-place, all passed in succession into the mahogany chair of the Leicester fields painting-room. If there be any camera of that time it is the studio of Reynolds. The 15 parts of Mr. Graves's present publication include 75 , plates, most of them from pictures not previously engraved. We should strongly recom- mond the publisher to confine his work in future to such pictures, with a few exceptions. Where the prints from a picture of great beauty and interest have become so rare as to be generally unattainable Mr Graves does a public service in having it re- engraved. This is the case with the sweet picture of the " Three Ladies Waldegrave," or the two fine Dilettanti groups. But the same thing cannot be said of the " Lord Heathfield," nor of the " Beattie Allegory," nor of " Sir Joshua's own Portrait" (21), nor of the " Marquis of Granby" (42), where, though the actual picture may never have been engraved, the same head on other canvasses has often been reproduced. Above all, we would advise Mr. Graves absolutely to eschew the practice of giving any engraving from an engraving, of which we can detect some instances in the work. The great points in such a work are the selection of pictures and the merit of the engravings. The former, on the whole, seems good ; the latter, as in the case of S. W. Reynolds's work, is very unequal. The plates, by Mr. F. Bromley, whose name appears as sole engraver, and the first five parts, are almost uniformly of high merit, showing great delicacy and feeling, it inferior in richness of effect to the works of S. W. Reynolds. It is to be regretted, as it seems to as that this en- graves hand should have been employed less Frequently as the work continued, for many of those who take his place are very markedly in i toriortohim. Mr. O. Tomkins nee reproduced , the dilettanti groups yery oieditably,ooiuiâoring the great difficulty of bringing so many heads into so small a plate and Mr. P. Scott uses his scraper with great spirit and much of the bold effect of S. W. Reynolds in his plate of the three lovely Ladies Waldegrave. Mr. Bate's Mrs. Otway and child, Lord Ohesham's Lord William Cavendish, a pretty boy tugging along a much persecuted dog, the Apethorpe group of the young Lord Westmoreland, with his two guardians, and others. G. Therry is another engraver, some of whose heads are spirited and faithful. His Mr. Angeratein is one of his best examples. Mr. T. Atkinson and Messrs. Every and Parkes have also been employed in the work; but we are unable to pick out their plates, as no names of engravers appear on the set in our possession. We should strongly recommend Mr. Graves, in all cases, to put the engraver's name and the name of the subject on the proof. This is only justice to the engraver it the work be good, or to the public if it be bad, and every collector must have felt the want of such guidance at some time or other. Not the least valuable part of Mr. Graves's publication-which was wanting in the earlier series-are the notices of the subjects, owner- ship, and dates of the pictures, by Mr. Edmund Graves, of the British Museum, which are just what such memoranda should be brief, careful, and to the point. All collectors of prints after Reynolds, above all, all who have the three volumes of S. W. Reynolds, should add Mr. Graves's continuation as a fourth volume of the series, which we hope to see carried even beyond the hundred originally projected, with that increased care in the selection and engraving which an enlarged sale ought to secure. 