THE BOY WHO DID. NOT KNOW WHAT Ti?E»r, was once a boy BO courageous and spirited tba» bis relations1 despaired of eyer frifthteninj him ; into obedience to their will,, and took him U tho parish priest to be brought np. Bat thf priest could not subdue: him in the least, thougr tbe - boy never, showed either obstinacy or ill temper towards him.. '" Once ^rf-the winter tbret dead bodies were brought to be buried, but as il waa.late ¡n^the afternoon- they,were put into thc church until - next day,' when the priest would bt ab'e to bury.them., , In .those days it wis the custom to'bnry people wiüiout' coffins, and only wrapped up in grave clothes. " Tue priest ordered these three bodies to be laid a little distance apart, across the',middle-of the church. After nightfall the priest said to the boy, Run in'o the church and feïoh me the book which I left on tho altar." With nis'usoal willingness he ran into the church, which waa quite dark, and halfway to the altar stumbled against something which lay op .the floor, and"fell down on his face. . Not incite least alarmed, he got np again, and, after groping about found that he had stumbled over ope of the corpses) whioh he took in his arms and poshed into the side-benches out of his way. He tumbled over the -other two, and disposed of them ia like manner.' Then, takmg the book from the altar, he left the ch uren,sh uv. the dopr behind him, and gave'toe volume"to ihe priest,' wTïo asked bim if be had encountered anything extraordinary in the chuten.'1-f'Not that I can remember," said the boy. The priest asked again,:' Did you not find three corpses lyirjg .'ácross-ypur passage ?" . ' " Oh yo3," replied he, " but what about them f" f Did they not lie in your way ?"1 ** Yes; but they did not hinder me." The priest à?ked,' " How1 did yon get to the altar ?." The boy replied, " I stuck the, good folk into the-side benches, where they lie quietly enough." The priest shook his head, bo*.' said no'bing more that night. Next morning fae s^id to the boy, " Y.où must-leave me ; I- cannot keep, no jr rae any longer .one who is shameless enough to break the repose of the dead." The hoy, ' nothing loth, bade farewell^ tp the priest and his '-family,, and wandered 'about some. little . ? time -< without, a - home. Otica he carno to a cottage, where he Blept the night,-'end there the people told him that the Bisn'opjpf Skalhblt was just dead.' So Hext day he went off to Skalholt, r and arriving there in.the .vening begged a night's lodging. 'J he people said'to him, " You moy have it and welcome, bnt you innst\take care of^ yourself.".. Wfcy ,take care'.pf myself so muoh ?" asked the lad.. They told.him tbat.after the death ot the bishop no one could stay jn the house after nightfall, aa some ghosXor gob'ia walked about there, and that, on this account, every .. one' had , to. leave the. p'ace after twilight* The boy answered, " Well and ! good ¡-that will just suit me." At twilight the, people all left the place, taking,' leave of^ tho boy, Whom ¡, tlioy ,did a A expect to see again, alive. When theyibiad all gone, the boy lighted a candie and examined every room in. the' house till he came to the kitchen", where'he fonud large quantitiesof smoked mutton hung up to thè rafters. Ço, ns he had .not tasted- meat for some time?, ,and hada capital appetite,' he cut some of >tbe dried mutton off ' wi'h bia knife, and .> placing ^ j pot on tho ' ifire",( whi'ch'" was , still. burning,' cooked it. -When ha. had finished, cutting np the meat, and had pat the lid on-the pot, he' heard a voice iront the ' top .of the chimney," which said, "May I borne down.?" ', The lad answered, " Yes why. not.?" ,: Then.there fell down! on the floor of the kitchen half a giant,-«-head,, arms, hands, and body, as'far as the wann? and lay tbero motionless. Attar this he heard another voice from the chimhey saying, V.May I come down ?! , " If you like," said, the boy ; ''.why not?" Accordingly down came onotber part oi the ginnt, fr« rn tho waist to «1,0 tt.tgUo, cud lajr on the floor motionless. 1 hen he heard a third voice from, the same direction, whioh said, " May Iceme, down ?" " Of course,'! he replied ; " you must have something to- stand upon." Po a huge pair of legs and feet Ottne down and lay. byth'e'rest bf the body, motionless. After a bit tho boy, lidding thia want of movement rather tedious, said, Siueu you have contrived to get yourself all in, you had better get up and go onay," 1 Upon this the pieces crept together end. 'he ¿¡uni rose on his feet from,tho,-. flp:ir,, bnd without uttering n. word stalked out of the kitchen. The lad followed him, till they oame to a large hall, in whioh stood a wooden chcBt. Thia chest the goblin' opened, and'.tim lod'saw, itrw'as full of rooney. ? .Then the goblin took the money ont in handfuls abd poured it like .water over his hoad, till the floor was covered' with heaps of it ; arid, having .spent ;half the 'night -¡thus, spent the . other bali in restoring tho gold to the chest in the like - manner. ? 1 he boy stood by, and watcbedbim filling tba chest again, and. gathering all tho stray coins togetlior by sweeping his great t-.rmç... violently over the floor, as if ho dreaded to be interrupted before he could.g-;t,theni a-1 in, whioh"the.lad funciod must be bctaitffi \h'enday was1 apprpschibg. ; When the goblin had shut up tho' coffer he .rushed past thc lad as it to get ouf of the hall; but the.latter said to him, "Do not be in loo great aliurry.'* " I most make haste," replied the other "forthe day is tlawirug." But the boy took him by tho sleeve and begged '. him to rem ain ..yet a little longer for friendship'* sake. At this the goblin waxed angry and, clutchin'gjhold pf tho youth," said, ";Wow you sha|l delay mp no longer." But the lotter clung tight to him, -and slipped ont of the way-of every blow he dealt, and some tlmeJ passed away in this kind of struggle. It happened, however, at last, that the .giant (urnc,d his , bick to the open door, and. the boy, seeing his chance, tripped bim up and 'butted at him with his head, so that the other'feU KeaviJy' backwards, ha'f iu and half out of tho'hall, and broke his Bpine upon the threshold.; At tho same moment tho first ray of da TH struck his eyes through tho open houso door, and he instantly sank into the ground in two pieces; one paoli side of the door of the hall. .Then the courageous bay, though half deatl from fatigue, mada two croases of wood- and drove tb'cm into the'ground-where the two parts of the goblin had disappeared. : This /done, he, foll asleep till, wheh_ the ,suri was well, up, tho' people came; back to "(jSk*lhojt. Thoy were amazed and rejoiced to find him still alive, asking bim wbetbot' be bad seon-anything- in the "night. ** Netbiug out of the' cpmmoni" ho' said.. '80 ho stayed there ali that . day, both. because . he Was tired, and because tbs -people wore loth to let him go. In the evening, when tho people bogan 'ns"usual to leavo / the place, , he begged them to stay,, nHsnring them that they would be troubled by ^neither ghost nor goblin. But in spite of his a*surancos they insisted ?pon gbirg,, though they loft him tl~ita. time with oat any fear Jbr bia safety. ' When they iwero gone he wont to bcd, and slept soundly till morn- ing. On the return of tho people he told ibero all about his struggle .with tba goblin,. showed them tho crosses be had ,set up, and the chestful of money in the hall,, and assured them that they would never ngain bo troubled at1 night, sd need not leave tho placo. They^thanked him most heartily for bia spirit and;. oo«roge,-andflikerl bim whether rooney or otbér-preelb'us things," fn vita hf m, irt-addítloo, to remain will» them aa Joni? t eyer be-chose,' He was grateful' for their ifTeri bot jsaid, "X 4o riot care f. r money, nor' cao I rnak ap mf mina ip stay longed wilby ou,?' Next day Ii addressed himself to bis journey, andno persuasio contd induce'him to remain at Sltalliolt.- for b said, '* I have now no more business here, as yoi can\ now, . without fear, .live, in the bishop1 boase." And takitjg leave ol them ali, he directet bis steps northwards into the wilderness. For £ long time nothing pew'befell him, until one dij j he came to a large cave, imo which he entered. Ir a smaller cave within the other, ba found .twelve beds, a'I in disorder and -unmade.' J As it was yel .early : he thought ha could do no better-than eui' ploy .himself in making them, and having, made them, threw himself on to tho one nearesttbe entrance, covered himsejf up, and- went to sleep Aftèr a little while he awoke aod hèard the voices of men talking in the cave, and, wondering who hal made the beds for them, saving that, whoever he wat-, they were much obliged to bim -for his pa:ns. ; He saw, on looking out, that they were twelve armed mea of noble aspeo'. . "Wßon they had had supper they oms into the inner cyve, and eleven of them went to bed. But tha twelfth ' man, whose' bed was noxt to the entrance, found the boy. in it, and calling to the others they rose and thanked.the lad for havipg made-their'beds for them, and. begged him... to remain wi h them as their servant, for they said that they never found time 'to 'do'sny , work for themselves, as they were compeled to go out every, day at sunrise to fight - their enemies, and never returned till night. The lad asked them why they were forced to fight day after day ? They answered that thoy had over and over again fought, and ' overcome their . enemies, but- that though they killed them over night they always came to life again before morning, and would come to the cave and slay, them all in their beds if they were.not up -and ready on tho field at sunrise. In the morning the cave-men went out fully armed, leaviog the lad behind to.look after the houselio'd work:. About noon he wen^ in. .he same.direction as the.raen had taken, in order to -fiad oat .where the battle-field was, and as Boon as he had espied it io the distança, ran back to the cave. In the evening the . warriors, xéturned weary and dispirited, but were glad to find that the boy had arranged everything for them, so that they had no more to do than eat their supper and go to bed. (When ihey were all asleep,the bo^ wondered to himself how it- could . possibly comp to.pass that their enemies roBa every night from the dead. £o moved with curiosity was he, that as soon BB he was sure that his companions were fast asleep ho took what of their- weapons and armour he .found to fit him best, andy stealing ont of the cave, made off in the direction of tbe battle field/! T hère was nothing it first to T)e seéñ^there" bnt^ corpses and trunkless heads, BO bo wailedLa little' time to see what would happen.-- : About dawn he perceived a mound near him open of itself, and an old woman in a blue cloak come.out with.n glass phial in her hand. ' Itejnotioed her go up to a . dead warrior/ and having picked up his head, smear his neck with some ointment out of the phial, and place tho i head and trunk together. Instantly the warrior stood ,e'r'ect,*o living man." The hag. repeated' this I lo two or three, until the boy, seeing how the secret j of the thing, rushed up to her and stabbed her to j death as well as tho men she had raiseà, who were i yet stupid sind heavy aa if af tot sleepy Then j t&agjfai.ftytff.fyt;äefahßffref be could revive the corpies with tba .emtmeni, and; founds on experiment that he eould do so tu occas fu ly,' So he' amused himself for awhile in revjying1. tbe men and killing' them »gain, till, at sunrise, nia'com panions arrived on the field, Tbeyrwere mightily astonished to see him there, and told -him tbat they had missed him as well aa some of their weapons and armour ; but. they were rejoiced to find their enemies lying dead on the fietd.jnstead J uf being alive and awaiting them, in battle array, and asked the lad how be bad got the idea of thus going at night to the battle field; and what he hod done. He told them all that had passed,,shoped them the phial of ointmont, and,tin order to prove its power,, smeared;' the neck pf one of tho corpses, who at once roso to . his feet, but was instantly killed! again byi the cave-Tien. They thanked the boy heartily for the service be had rendered them;.and begged bim lo remain among theta,'offáring; bim at the same time money for .bis work. . He dec'ared . that he was quite willing, paid or unpaid, to stay with them, as long as they liked to keep him. The cave men- were';wall pleased, wi th ?hislans'werj'6nd having embraced the lad, set to work to r^rip,their enemies .of their weapons; made a, Jieap: bf, them wi h the'old woman on the top, and burned them ; and then, going into the mound, appropriated ti therriselres all ' the .treasures they found: there, if ter this they proposed the game of killing each other, to try ;how. it waa to ,die¡e,as-: they, could restore one another to life again. So thoy killed each other, bul; by smearing themselves with'1 tbe ointment they at once returned' to life/,.. Now.thiB was great sport for awhile. But once, when'they. ' had cut off the head of the Jad, they put it on again' wijogaide before. And ss the lad.,saw himself behind, he became as if. mad. with fright, and begged the-men to reloasa him- by all means from ? snell a painful sight. But when the cavè-fo k had run to him end cutting off' his head placed it on all right again, he came back to his full senses, and was as fearless as ever before. The boy lived with them ever afterwards,-and no more stories are told abou: him.-Icelandic Legends': COKE OF DEIFNKSÍ.-At the l .ateUtiogdf the Academy of Sciences,' M. Jflonrena presented ian,application »fi. dm.Bed to bim by Dr. Tumbal', a Saotob pbcaioian, wbo proposed to employs method bf hi» own on a Certain: dotbtminete number of persoos effllatudiwitti wont, of haariap, and prayed' thá Academy-to appoint ;.a' oommittee-first, to ascertain the; state of tba preterits betöre Lc ir g submittal ito: the .treatment* in qieBliODj ' and next; Io report ot. toe 'end oí n year what had been the: amount nf anecess arrived at. 'Dr. Turnbull has explained bis raethod'to M. TTionrene; and wilt likewise oommunioa'te it. to the mambers'of tber boc m'ttee. Se baa describid it In a sealed papen de posited with the Academy, but wiBbea it not to be pub* üsbod until .tho expiration öf1 a year., ' The aoidemy, considering Ibssubjoot of immense impórtanos to huma- nity, at once appointed B oommittee, composed cf .MM. Flturonp, MJ1D«.Edwards/and-Bernard.'- GaUgna*t:-.i' " IÖB8 Or'A SIBÍMEU 'ÍND FIVXY irvas-' ar FiftB.-Io tnlllgenoe was received in Liverpool ori >Vednoeday by tba | Oiriadían rnail steamer of the destruction-by flra'of tbe sp|endid"'Niw York ' river steamer Berkshire. ;Tba lo.; t ltlgenoe cnmei vin New Cork, and ia dated June 9; 'The ul-pítóh sajé Tliti sleatntr Berkshire" was burned at fïsoxpë leland, eight miles below Fohdout. The bra I 'Winsted in'lbe lamp room, caused by t>>e explosion of a i.mp. Tba steamer had about one hundred *ond fif.'y paáeengers. A atroag south."wind bia« the flimeaelf, preventing many oftti'e < passengers from going > forward. She wea 'grounded-' with Only'four feet of wator ol tte bairn. Forty'or fifty passengers' Sro enpposed to bo lott. Tbs" beat wasTbuiU only slr weeks ago.' Sha 'wes' f ninlBbed in splendid atria.' TnobñU'Tras humed lotte water's edgo, Tbe boat waa volasd ct SJO.OOJ dollars. Fully insured." '- . .' '', ;i " " ' 