CONSECRATION OF ST. JOHN'S FREE- MASON'S LODGE; TARADALE. The above ceremony took place yesterday, and excited much interest. At an early, hour it was evident that some unusual business was going on from the number of notables that here and there might-be seen.iu.the township. As regards the ceremony of the consecration, we cannot, of course, say anything, it being one of the private .acts of the fraternity. After, the consecration, which took place at nocn.iu the Lpdge room of the order, the brethren, numbering, upwards of fifty, formed.into procession, the various officers carrying the insignia, of the craft. Tbe Right -Worshipful Provincial Grand Master, J.T. Smith, present; also Provincial Grand. Secretary, Ellis, and.other Grand Officers. Headed by the •Kyneton Yolunteer Band, they proceeded to Trinity Church, were divine service was performed, The prayers were read, by the Itev. Incumbent (H. C. Watson), after which the Revs. Hants Wya'tt, P.M;, Chaplain to the-Lodge, delivered.an. eloquent address suitable for the occassjon. After a. few. preliminary observations, he remarked that from.the earliest ages the rite of consecration.had-,been observed. Jacob, for instance, after his dream of the mystic ladder, consecrated an alter to Gpd, and called the place Bethel. Again, he said, after the children of' Israel had come oat of Egypt, God signified his pleasure to dwell with men, and a tabernacle was "built to receive the divine guestand the consecration of the gorgeous-temple which Solomon, built, and of which G.od was .the Architect, was a glorious sight. When the people saw, the fire descend, from heayen, they, knew that God was with them. But he was equally, presant now to those who live according to His law,,for they, were the temples tof. the Holy. Ghost. 3,f : Paul included the whole Jbody of. bsleivers as an habitation of God, in which he dwelt by, the spirit, the queition then-was, had they a place in that spiritual building.. Solomon dedicated the temple = by jjrayer. The temples of the Holy Ghost must be free of aSy hatred, malice, and all unchantableness r-not the less should they have theirhearts swept, and garnished; In tie. temple at morning ani.eyening incense and prayer were offered up, and the lamp.bumed perpetually before the alter. Didjbey as. masons do the same? Were they bound with charityand love?.' Were they prepariug to enter the Lodge above, whose maker,and builder is God?- The Lodge they had met to inaugurate, had.chpsen St. John's day for' consecration. St. Jfchn. was the di*ciple whom Jesus loved, but on two occasions he had. to suffer our Lord's rebuke; once on expressing with James a wish to sit the one on the right hand,, and the other on thp left of Christ, when he came in his glory; and again when calling on fire to destroy the Samaritans. In thc~ci$ft there was np high or lpw,.norichor poor; virtue alone gave precedence., Therev. gentleman theti referred to the change wrought in the mind ofbt. John, as evidenced in his epistles, wLic'i hp s^d breathe;! the spirit of .love, ana.set it up as tbe standard by which the brethren were to be known. He also referred tp the labors ofSt. John, irho, after enduring thp most excruciating torture's,- and seeing the mysterious reyelatibns which he wrote, gave up his spirit to his&yjue;^VeK He concluded by calling on .them to initiate,his eelf-demmg virtues and labors. Tbe benediction was theq pronounced, and thecongr^atipn, which bad completely filled the church, diepened, tho mem.' bera of the craft returning by-the aame order- of procession. ~ilf; A. Mail: 