POLICE COURTS. CITY COURT. Saturday, 4tli Juno. (Before Mr Sturt, T.M.) aiinou upfknce3. — William Derneil, for drunkonness and nssauiting cot stablo A219, was fined 5s aud ordered lo puy 2i Gd cab hire. — Ann Mack, brought up for obstructing tho puono looipmn, was aiscuargeu w.tua caution. — Suian Swaiuson, for using obscene lanpunge in the streets, was fined 5s — William Diok and Johanua M'Guire, for insulting bobaviour in tbo street, wero each fined 5s.— William Lyons, for using abusivo languego and wilfully breaking a w.ndow, was fined 5s ; and Mary A. Stowart, charged as a diiodorly prostitute, was fined 10s. Chahgb op Trespass. — John Johnston, charged with unlawfully trespassing on the promises of tho Melbourno Railway Oompany, was remanded until Tuosday. Illegally Pawning. — Jesiab Hughes, a tailor, was charged with illegally pawning a ocat which ho had received to take to the waro- houeo of Mr Solberg. Ho had pawned it at the ehop of Mr Allen, in Stephen etreot, for 10s. Ho was tent to gaol for two months with hard labour. Laboekies. — Georgo Brown pleadod guilty to stealirg some bogs from tho storo of J. L. and O. Burke, in Flindora street west. Ho was tout to gaol for six months with hard labour. — Peter Mitchell and William Stowart, who bad been arrested in Carlton with a quan tity o' linen and calico articles in their notsees- ion, of which they could giro no satisfactory account, were rouiandad .until Wednesday that an owner might bo found for tbe pro perty.— William Rattray end Adam Barlow, two very young lad, chtrged with stealing tobacco trom Loughnan's tobacco manufactory, where thoy were employed, wero admonished and discharged as tho prosecutor did not wish to go on with tho case: SUBURBAN COURTS. Biorstokd. — Tho cases to bo hoard at this Court, on Saturday last, were postponed, in consrquonoo of the municipal elections, which took pleoe on that day. One case only was disposed of, viz, Ann Murray, for being drunk and disorderly, was fined 20s, or twenty-four hours in gaol. Mr Septimus Martin was tbo presiding magistrate. tjANUWDQB — (Before Ur Plummer.)— Uenii Goilsgher and Thomas Williams were fined 5s oaeh fordrunkenness. — Anne M'Nabb, ohargod with a_ similar offenco, was lot off with a caution. —Julian Pierro was accused of deserting from tho Frenoh ship Telegraph, on Friday last. Ho was remanded until to-day. Eiibeald Hill. — (Boforo tho Mayor and Mr Finlay ) — John Storey, Septimus Jamss Carter, — Ford, Jos. Eskdalo, Wm. Bantlcy, John Balston, John Srevons, nnd J. Lidboater were charged with having a nuieanco on their premises. The hearing of tho en6ee was post poned for Bovrn days. — Richerd Dunllffe was fined 2s Gd and 2s 6d coata, for allowing a cow to wander. — John Hubbert was fined in a like amount for a similar offonce. — Michael Behan was suod by tho polico for keeping swine on his premises, and waa fined 2s fid with 2s 6d costs for the offence. — Willi m Alacklin lummonnd Wm Flannory for tbe sum of Lll Ss for tho Lire of a cob. Tho hearing of tho case was postponed until Wednesday next. — John J enkins sued Mrs Cut-t for Ll 10s. It ap peared that tho plaintiff . received an order to clean cut a water oloaet, but afterwards Jenkins waa told not to go on with the work. This command was not obeyed, aud tho work was executed. Their Worships dismissed the case.— John Mitchell summoned Allan 0. L. DoLaoy for tho sum of L14 6s 8d for work and labour. It was contended by tbo defondant that the amount demanded was in excess. The Magistrates awarded the complainant L9 os 8d.— Thomas Noblo summoned Henry Brodie for disobeying an order of the Court mode on tho 16th of April. A distress warrant was to bo issued. — The following casea were settled out of Court : — Thomas Goodman v Burke, for Ll 7s 5d for goods ; tho ismo complainant v — Price, for Ll 8s lOd also for goods ; Job' Swallow v Robertson, for L7 10s 6d for goods. John 0 Lyons andOhas Braithwait-, woro caoh fined 5s, with tho ubuuI alternative, for being drunk. Williambtowit — A seaman named Alfred Ward, bolonging to tho ship Governor General, was ohurgert, boforo Mr Call, on Saturday, with being druuk and disorderly on the previous afternoon. Constable Watchorn said that he arrested tho prisoner in the Wcslcyen OliapoJ, whero ho was using tho foulest lan guage that could como out of a man's mouth, and on his wqy to tho look-up ho gave tho oonstablo the very worst of abuso. Tho dofonco wes that ho had j'ust conao aihjro after a long voyago, and had got so drunk ho did r.ot know what ho was doing. Mr Call gave the man a Bevero reprimand, nnd fined him 10s, or forty- eight hours' in default. _ A Nbw Spectral Illusion. — Mr J. Mau rice, in a letter to tho Morning Post, says :— " WiU you pormit me to describe a moans whereby apparently living bcinga of lilliputian size, but with lifo-like proportions and charac teristics, may bo made to appear and aot even in concert with real perrons on tho same stage ? As tho m? ana invented by Dircke, and subsequently improved by Silvester, for producing lifo-Bized speotral figures, are now generally known, it will suflloo to state that tbo lilliputian ghost may be produced by — 1st. Tho substitution of a oonvox for citlier tbo plain transparent or silvered mirror, as at present used. 2nd. By intorpdsing a suitable diminishing. lens between tbo spectre- producing objeot, or silvered mirror, and tho transparent one. The same means will allow the phantom images to bo enlarged or dimiuished at will, and faithfully pourtray aome of tlioso marvel lous scenes in " Gulliver's Travels" end other tales that haTe so nmuaed our ohUdhood nnd youth." !>i A Bishop in Partibus. — Dr. Colenso has been judged at tbe Cape, and tbo charges of heresy confirmed. No doubt the colonial hier archy are rather startled nt the spread of frco thought in tlio church, and so want to send out the bishop ef Natal as n (s) Cape goat. — Bun. OriB was once engaged to puint tlio portrait of a lady, who, whenever she thought the painter waa touching the mouth, screwed it up in a ridiculous manner. Ople, who was a blunt man, aid very quietly, " Madam, if you wish tho meutli lift out, I will omit it with pleasure." 