I AUSTBoilAM UV I UATj "PBO WORN T SOOIBjy, TO TBS BDIIOB f» TH« JE«»«, Fm,-I wu astonished * few moroiogs beek apon taking ap year paper to find thit tba nama of Mr, A. T. Holroyd no longer appeared ai obairmao of car society; kat after a little refleotlon npon recent events In tbe political world, I came' to the oonolnaion tbat it waa better tbat lt abonld be io. Bot greater waa my astonish, ment when I .observed a new name-no, aeareely new. Smith ii not anew name-bat Joba Smith.' Esq., M.D. Now, I asked myaelf who ia Smith, M.D., and what peon liar qoalifleatlon baa be for the office of a director, and by whom hal h- been appointed f I have not yet heard of tba reaignation of A. T. Holroyd. M.D. Il the latter had a voice io nominating to the vacancy ia thara not another M.D, who bad atrong claim ? npon hil retiring friend. All at once it fl sabed leroae my mind tbat it mnet be the profeaeor, and I beeeme abaahad. I felt lorry tbjtt I bad not at once laen tbd advantage to the aoolety of having two profeaaore to gnlde ita cooniele. Bat, granting tbe advantage, wbat ia the nee of the members having tbe power to seleet directors if the Board take that power into their own bands. The direolora may Bay, no donbt-Gentlemen, yon would like to pat in Mr. A. or B., ont.and.oat radi* oala, who want to poke their noses into all kinda of mat. tere, ' examining investments, challenging mortgages, entting abort oommiealons, and even prying into the petty oaab, bat we do nat intend «ny., tbing of - the kind. : We intend' to eeleot Mr. 8. exaetly .' aa we did Mr. G., and when tbe time eomes round for yon at the aooaal meeting, to fill vasaneiss at the Board, yon will find that the Board bave eavad you all trouble in the matter. Thia ayatem baa a doable advantage, if the nominee doea not go well in harness, be can be let loose among the member?, and they with that abominably stupid voting pawer will soon settle bim. Bat why John Scottb, Esq., M.D.f Are there nn gentlemen who have previously filled tbe office of.a director, who might with advantage from their knowledge of the business, be eeleoted aa emergency men T Mr. Frederick Ebsworth, Mr. Byer*, Mr, Metcalfe, Mr. 0... B. Ebsworth, or Mr. Wrench, have bad same tbing to do with oar affilre, and It would be more pleassnt for tbe seoretary to meet old friends at the Board, endturnnpmlnutBB of transact'on s long pas', and'perhaps fight their little battles t,»ar again ; instead of which Mr. Tbomaon, who must be worried ont of bia life to know wbat to do witb that big building in Pitt, street,, has to coaob np and cram a new director, and get him in working order, where be will have all to learn, wbereaa the other gentleman would only bave everything lo-forgat, Exsnae this digression. I do nor, from religions conviction, believe in ghosts; bat last night, as I peeled the new building, : thinking of this ind tba', I looked up at tbe building, and thought 1 saw - a gannt hungry woman, with three apparently starving obildren at ber feet, pointing down with a bitter smile of derision. I was painfully oppressed, and.shook my. self np. and found it was nothing bat that emblematioal groan on the top of oar big boase. I laughed, «nd went on, bat somehow lt left a bid impression upon me. 1 will be more csrefat for the future, and ao, no doubt, would the Beard, if they bad seen as I thought I saw, A SPECTRAL ALLUSION. 