HISSES FROM THE SEA SERPENT to the Editor of the Bunyip. En Route, Nov, 11, 1864, ' Dear Bunny .—Having safely arrived within' i he postal regions ; — save the mark ! 1— I am' snabled to address you without the interven-; tention of our mutoal friend Qk;z. Now, I' have a grievance— ^so has every body I believe ; ' but, first of all, I' must congratulate you on your success in the past, and your readers on. their prospects of an enlarged Sunyip in the' future. I only hope that yon will not swell, out to nioie than the average size of Sunyips, as in that case, ' where in Heaven's name, will you procure your food, seeing that the Heavies are poking tneir noses into every corner, ;_ devouring every thing,' and 'the little Male^ hovering on tbe;outskiits picking. up the waifs*, i and strays- yOh ! Bunny, Bunny, mirable dictu! it will be hard indeed if you cannot, pick up a' meal now and then. But to my. grievance. As I wound my devious way along the main road from Adelaide to Wallaroo, on; Thursday last, I had previously been to the sale of the township of Two Wells, where I had witnessed a remarkable phenomenon, to witness, Iand selling at £12 odd per acre, which in our youthful days, was not worth a groat,) my progress was suddenly arrested by a vision. I crept aside/and coiled . myself up fa order to survey this wonderful appearance at my ease. The fiist thought' that occurred to me was ' Neciess the Centeral Boad Board Surveyors. ' Gaugers,and all of them, come to do hotiouttb 1 the S.S.,' though how they could know I was ..en route was a mystery; then, thought I, no, it cannot be — the Baard is -far too cute to venture on r»als of its own construction. What can it be ? The object was on my way. I drew nearer, when judge of my astonishment at finding it to be something pitched across the Gawler river in true C. H. B. style. I drew nearer still, and examined the affair. Above was something said to be for a lamp, its object really is to bind the upper p^rt of the lamina ted arches together and so prevent them from Mailing out on either side. I looked down, and beheld some awkward defections, extending along the whole bridge, every point of the thing seemed anywhere but in its place. I ventured into the river, so called, although deficient in wa'er, and at the imminent risk of being obsquatulated*! crept under the so-called bridge. There, Buuny, do cpme and look at it ?Why, they've stuck nice little posts across the ,river to keep it up, and should, any of these pegs be carried away, why down comes the whole, and the traffic done for. I ?could' not think of venturing over on the .bridge, so scrambled through the river. Now you know, Bunny, if it be not safe for the S.S. -to crosB, certainly it cannot be safe for the .wheat traffic of the coming summer. I am aware that the bridge hts been in this con .dition ever «inc it was put up, or nearly erer since, and, Sir, I am aware that people .expect nothing but wanton waste of money when the Road Board undertake to make bridges, for it is considered that said Board is pre-eminent for not knowing 4ow to doit, and the Sea Serpents grievance is that roads and bridges said to be made or constructed _. axe done in so bad a manner that they are a disgrace to those who profess to carry out the works, and dangerous to those whose evil fortune leads them to use the same, .first of all, in tue list of bad construction stands this ghost of the Virginia Bridge. I do think, if we have nothing else to do with our cash than .throw it away on such an 4 atrocious contrivance as this bridge, the sooner the Government cease collecting n revenue for road' purposes the better it will be for all 'concerned. I must here close, ?because, as hinted in your last, your squibs .are likely to b* numerous, as it may be you will be noble to find room for the lucsbra .^ions of so unique a reptile as the : SSA SERPENT. 