A CHAPTER FROM THE HlSlOltr OF THE FUTURE. The Confederates having put down the Federal Re bellion, the American people had liuie to !ook round them, and consider how they could best reform insti tutions which had worked Bomenb.it imperfectly. The executions of Butler and or James Gordon Ber nttt had tended to conciliate all ptttiee, and the work cf restoring good humour was completed by the publication, on the part of the ex President, Mr. Lincoln, of a deliehtful volume, containing all the facetious anecdotes with which lie had succesafuUy met the various Federal disasters. Mitchell and Man hattan having bees judicially drowned in one mud cart, and the fanatic war-preaching clergymen of all denominations, together with ninety-five per oent. of tbe newspaper writers, having been embarked in the old man of w?r the Nemesis, which was then carefully ftuttled off Point Comfort, there was little left to do in the way of punishment. North i.nd South being unanimous in regard to the necessity of a new constitution, conventions were held, and the first step whb to abolish universal fuffiige. The next was to exclude from the vote all Irishmen, Girmane, Ikiii.h insolvents, and other voluntary and involuntary refugees. A farther pro cess of filtration disfranchised all war-contractors, telegi am- manufacturer*, stock- jibbers, liquorven dorc, and all persons who had ever assumed any of the nicknames of party. A property and education test w&b; established, and a veiy tolerable electoral body, lepriEEnting Honest America, was thus ob tained. It was then seen that if a re-union of the States were possible, it could only be under s King, who mutt not be en American. Like tbe eyes of the millions of pigeoni who, in one of Mr. 1'criimore Cooper's stories, were suddenly brought down by the discharge of a cannon loaded with small shots, the eyes of all tbe Americans were suddenly upturned, and they rested on his Royal Highness, the Grand Duke Punch. A deputation from America crossed the Atlantic, and without waiting to comb its hair, or to be intro duced by Messrs. Adams, Slidell, and Ira Aidridge (tbe North, South, and coloured ambassadors), en tered the presence, ' Guess, highmss, aa you're the king for our money,' began the Honourable Washington Green back ; ' eo order the smartest crown and fixings as can be produced, and state date for your cro wnation, yeB, Sir.' ' On the part of tbe old aristocracy of the New World,' B&ia; the Honourable Richmond Cottongod, 'I offer }our royal highness the opportunity 01 founding a dynasty that shall transplant the tree of chivalry into the rich soil of Columbia.' ' 1st, i^hness, jou berra good king, you outrageous good king, 5011 dam good king,' said the Honourable Fompey Quashibungo (slightly plagiarising from Mr. Charles Rtade), ' so jou unliminate yourself out of diB here, utid come and be nointed with werry best Macateur, yup, yup.' Ihe temptation was one which few mortals could have withstood. King of America, with a domain of 2900 long miles by 1730, or 2,963,660 equare ones, and wiih 30,191,676 (and a quarter, including Tom Thumb) of subjects, A despot, too, with, a despotism untempered even by epigrams, for the article is not manufactured in the New World. Happily, forEng lend, l'umh is not mortal. He dashed away a tear, brighter than any of the 2?83 diamonds in the diadem of hisbtloved Quten, cleared hie voice with an effort and cayenne lozenge, and, after a pause, uttered one word : ' Shan't !' His voice and language were courteous, but it was felt that his purpose was adamant. The Hon. Mr. Gieenback was going to spit, but remembered where he was ; the Hon. Mr. Cottonpod muttered the shadow of the ghost of en oath ; tbe Hon. Mr. Quasbibungo kicked out his foot at Toby, and was incontinently bitten where the calf of his Excellency's leg should have been. '? My duties are here,' eaid Duke Punch. ' But, gentlemen, your King is there.' He pointed to a tall, vigorous, gaunt person who had accompanied tr-e deputation, unaccredited, and who had bten silently listening to the proceedings. The West euode forward, in the person of a power ful backwoodsman, wi.h the eye of an eagle and the muscle of a gladUlor ; but there was a dash of humour in thettrong fellow's face, too. ' I ain't much of a figure for a ctownd and garter, old boEs, but I calculate as you've smashed the nut this time, Tlieee chapB oin't made no great count of me up to novt ; but now's my turn, and may be the} 'U knuckle down, ot I'll hare to take off my coat.' 'State your claims more graciously, my powerful fri' nd,' said Duke Punch. ' I beltve that in the fresh and vigorous west will be found the Arbiter who should Uke America in hand, and the sooner he does it the better. Gentlemen, a slight banquet awaits you in the next apartmtnt. Let us go in and drink to the prospfritj- of your country, and to the dynasty of your King.' ' 13 ut I'd like to be judgmatical, Old Hoss,' said the new Sovereign ; 'and if you'd any bit of a book with ihe true principles of a Kins'd trade wrote out plain, you might loon it a fellow.' ' it is yours,' said H.R H , smiling, and presenting liis firty.tixtli volume of Punch. 