I tâit ¿tjjfliiEjL] ¿Wlnrmng petalo. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1864. rV DECISION given on the liabilities of carriers has, we understand, excited gnat concern among the numerous class who pass under that name. They are responsible, afttr receiving articles in chajge, to secure their delivery, and they are not relieved from this responsibility although they may be stopped on the road by marauders, and lose .all their goods by merciless pillage. Let our readers, however, before they condemn the law, consider what might be the effect of non-liability. Whenever goods were not de« liveied, it would be easy to account for their loss by ascribing it to thieves. All that vigilance which the" care of property will always require would be weakened by the feeling that nothing was risked by the carrier. In general, those who convey goods may not be in a condition to pay the large indemnity, but they are commonly possessed of some small property, and the goods they convey are not very often of so great a value as to render this legal liability ineffective, or to tempt them to form collusive schemes with robbers. If, how- ever, no such responsibility existed it would be too probable that the general public would be victimised, and new facilities offered to preda- tory attacks. It is said that the Government itself repu- diates these liabilities when conveying gold that it becomes answerable only for its own servants and for its own good faith. But then it must be remembered that gold is an excep- tional commodity, and that those who do not approve of the terms are not bound to send by the Government. The case would be different were there no other lawful method of transit. A statement appeared a few days ago that a number of men, half-disguised, attacked at night one of these drays and'carried off ita contents upon packhorses which they had brought for that purpose ! A dray-load of merchandise, nicely assorted, could not be more adapted for the thievish neighbourhood if it were 6unt to its order. Groceries of all descriptions -plenty of spirits and tobacco-tomahawks hammers Bnd nails, agricultural implements, now and then a fair complement of pistols and ammunition-in short, everything they required carefully made up "to the hand of these enter- prising people, who find such a maiket more attractive than the store, and are willing to run the small ritk to be so handsomely furnished. The instance lo which we have referred is only one of a numerous class, and is very sugges- tive. Who are these robbers ? By what means are they brought together, and then dispersed ? How is it that they provide themselves with such means of carriage ? What becomes of the goods winch were assorted for housekeeping, not bur-hranging, or to be distributed in small par- cels among shops? The truth is clear and unmistakable. The robbers are not bushrangers in the ordinary understanding of the word namely, those who have left ordinary dwell- ings, and taken up with a predatory life who watch upon the tops of mountains and live in caves and forests. They are simply settlers-the occupiers of small estates, who make up. their marauding expeditions, join together in these nefarious conspiracies, and scatter so soon as they approach their own dwellings. Their goods are planted in various places - brought into domestic consumption unobserved, and thus form one of the regular supplies of colonisation! There are, no doubt, also bushrangers ia the proper sense of the word ; but even these have been the auxiliaries of this system of pillage. Much that they have taken must have gone into general use, and many have bought it at prices and under circumstances which have left no doubt 88 to where or how the goods were obtained. It would be a great assistance to this'system of pillage if they could enter into collusion with carriers or others, and by these means know where and when to meet, how to escape ob- servation,and when it would be worthwhile to put on all their strength for a general raid. Those who have seen to what the interior of the colony has been brought by bushrangers need not be astonished at this branch of sinister industry. In all countries where the law has lost its force crime becomes bolder and more energetic more deliberate and more successful. ? This species of crime has existed in some parts of South America for ages, and the transfer of goods from one part of the country requires an escort far more formidable than any we find necessary to bring down gold. In fact; depre- dators are resisted only when they form a small minority - when they are de- tested by the community amidst which they live-when they feel the trepidation of guilt-when they are under constant appre- hension of betrayal. But it is quite possible, when social life is poisoned and crime naturalised -when people come to think that robbing carts and pillaging coaches are fair means of subsist- ence-for men to lose the fear of punishment, and even of detection. There is, indeed, a species of morality which renders them more dangerous than the most absolute debasement. They can keep faith with each other. Denun- ciations of crime are looked upoH as infamous, not its committal. The man who betrays his comrades is regarded as immoral ; he belongs. to a corporation of thieves. The honour of their common bond acquires an ascendancy over even personal covetousness, and in fight- ing for his prey and standing firmly by his comrades, the robber thinks he only discharges the obligations of his citizenship. It is precisely this state of things which we have disclosed so often in this wholesale depredation-in this organised watch-in this systematic distribu- j tion. The intercourse now carried on with the interior, where there are long intervals of sparsely populated country, favours this system. It is certain that goods and merchan- dise will pass. The scouts of the depredators are placed in some elevated spot whence they can descry all the movements of traffic. By their signals they also warn of the approach of anything that might successfully oppose them. Thus the traveller, as he wends his way, uncon- scious that he is under the eye of thieves, walks steadily onward to the trap prepared for him. No help is near him. Ko ¡pursuit is possible. The ¿aces of the thieves we Boon lost. liny have probably only pasi-ed into _ neighbourhood near at hand to re Mime tluir ordinary occupations, and when they aie told of robberies they express their astonishmr-Ltin the language and gestures of simple countrymen ! If lhere were not clear proof that these things have occurred, and are still luking place, the inference would be in- evitable from the very nature of the pillage. It would be useless to thieves to le.id themselves with bulky goods- to charge their packhorses and carls-if there wus no immediate conceal- ment, and afterwards the means of disposal. But all this being arranged beforehand, ic is impossible to say in what way the plunder may be slopped. Probably, in the long run, it will be only prevented by the same precautions that are taken in other disorganised and disordered countries, where armed parties accompany the peactful traveller, and where every place of encampment is guarded by a watch. The in- security which such a state of things implies, while it discourages interior occupation by honest men, opens a wide and unobstructed field for the ingenuity and enterprise of a cor- rupt, debased, marauding population. It is indeed deplorable that Buch impressions should be justifitd in a country under the British flag, and where industry meets with so ample and certain a reward. A CORRESPONDENT, signing himself "Scru- tator," referiing to a recent statement in the I Herald, to the effect that free-selectors, if they are to hold their ground, must have the right to impound equally with other tenants of the Crown, asks from what the selector is entitled to-impound, and illustrates his question by a reference to MAIN'S now celebrated case, as showing the perplexities that may arise. The answer to the question propounded is, that the selector can only impound off his condi- tional purchase, and off the attached grazing right ; but we are aware, at the same time, that this answer does not meet all the difliculties that may atise. The Land Alienation Act is based too much upon the assumption that the very large privi- leges it confers would not be abused, and there is a lack of the necessary restrictions. Some sort of antagonism in the supplanting of a squatter by small settlers appears to bo in- evitable. But the squatter has no right to com- plain of the lessening proportions of his run, nor will any one sympathise with him on that score ; because, if the process is bona fide, it is a proof of the growing progress and settlement of the colony. The pastoral tenure is only intended to subsist till the land is wanted for freehold occupation ; and, though the individual lessee, who may have found his occupation profitable, is lolh to get notice to quit, the. reason for that notice is matter for general congratulation, be- cause it shows that an increasing number of persons are binding themselves to the fortunes of the colony, and are investing their money and their labour in the improvement of the soil. A f quitter is only entitled to complain when he sufftrs injury apart from the diminution of his gtazing area, and not necessarily attaching to contiguous agricultural occupation, when the inj ury to him is disproportioned to the lawful rt quirement8 of the agriculturists, and when the privileges of his new neighbours are made the instrument of wanton annoyance and of extortion. It is due to the great majority of free-selectors to say that justifiable complaints on this score have not apparently been numerous. There have been some, of course-more, no doubt, than have found mention in the Press ; but they have been the exception rather than the rule. Still, there have been some cases, the most con- spicuous of which has been that of MAIN, which has occupied public attention, partly because of its repeated appearance in the Courts, and partly because it is a sort of test case of the woiking of the law where the antagonism between the squatter and the selector is fully developed. "Scrutator" says that MAIN'S selection was made on a piece of land which had been j ears ago promised under pre-emptive right to the lessee of the run, and which had not been absolutely alienated only because the survey had been neglected. If that is so, the selection was clearly invalid ab initio ; that is, supposing the pre-emptive right to have txisttd, though, as we have shewn on a pre- vious occasion, that right was not in existence if the Murray reserve was legal, and if it had the effect of withdrawing the reserved portion from pre-emptive claims. It is further stated by "Scrutator" that MAIN maiked out his ground in opposition to the regulations as to frontage ; that he refused to have it surveyed in aDy other way ; and that, as that was not acceded io, the land has in fact never been Burvej ed at all. Supposing this to be a true statement, it raises the question as to when a selector's rights begin, and what are their limits. For, supposing that the general right to impound were not disputed, and that MAIN'S selection had been in all other respects legal-that he had selected in his own name instead of his wife's, and that he had chosen land in a part fairly open to selection, still, if he had deliberately shaped his land at variance with the regulations, the right of impounding would necessarily seem to be affected thereby. A man cannot claim a right on the basis of his own wrong. The right to impound can scarcely attach to land to which the selector has no right. No surveyor, of course, would be dic- tated to by a selector as to the shape in which a 1 lot is to be surveyed. The selector's liberty is subject to conditions, and it is the surveyor's business to see that the conditions as to frontage and proportionate depth are complied with. If a selector insist on having his land surveyed otherwise, his conduct is equivalent to a surrender of ' his selection altogether, for he has chosen an allotment not within the limits of the law, but outside those limits ; and his claim has , therefore no validity. I It would probably be readily admitted that impounding rights do not attach to a misshapen selection, which the surveyor refused to recog- i nise, because the surveyor is practically the ' representative of the Government in acknow- ledging the propriety of the selection, so far as the shape and position of the land is con- cerned; and if that acknowledgment is refused the title to the land is officially denied. But is there any doubt as to the right prior to the visit of the surveyor ? Is that vissit necessary to the full completion of the selector's impounding power ? May he impound within the limits as drawn by himself, or may he only impound within the limits as defined by the surveyor ? Is it to be presumed that he has obeyed the regulations as to the shape of his section until the surveyor has proved to the contrary ? The spirit of the law certainly is that the selector's rights do not wait for the surveyor. The very object of the law was to get rid of all delay in putting men in possession *)f the land, and that purpose' would not be realised if a lona fide selector's rights were kept in abey- ance, perhaps for a ye&r;, ufttjl Jw wat[ visited by ti cuivtyor to confirm them. At the same time, if a wrong-doing selector can claim impounding rights in >irtue of an illegally shaped selection until those rights are disproved by measure- ment, great injustice may, in some cases, be done to pastoral lessees. When a Crown I tenant has part of his lease cancelled, and part of his run taken from it, it seems only reason- able that he shovld receive a notification to this effect from the lessor. At pre- sent he gels no official notification at all, and has to accept the selector's presence and his measurements as his only guide. The machinery of the law is in this respect evidently defective. If the selector's impounding right begins the moment he puts in his pegs, or as soon as he has got his receipt from the Land Office, the squatter may bo liable to poundage fees before he knew that any part of his run had been withdrawn from him. The track to a waterhole may, on many a run, be pegged off days before the lessor knew that any fresh claimant for part of the land had put in an appearance, and the first he might hear of it would be that his cattle were in the pound for grazing on the Tuesday where they had a perfect right to graze on the previous Monday, and of the withdrawal of which right no notification had been given. No honest selector, of course, would take any { advantage of such extreme rights, but MAIN'S conduct shows that cases of this sort may occur, especially where there is a feeling of antagonism i against the squatter, and where there is the wit as well as the disposition to turn the letter of the law to the purposes of revenge. Perhaps the new Impounding Act promised by the Government may contain provisions that, to some extent, may meet such cases. Clearly some more precise legislation is wanted. SUNDAY SCHOOLS.-A meeting of the members of the congregation of the Pitt- street Church -was held on Thurcday evening last, presided over by the Rev. John Graham. The object of the meeting was to take into consideration the ways and means for erecting additional school accommodation. This was stated to be absolutely necessary, as tho present room did not afford half the space required for the increasing wants of the school. Many of tho classes had to be taught in the church, and this gove dissatisfaction to pew holdere. Besides these reasons, it was urged tint in an Australian climate spacious well-nired rooms ought to be provided, and so the health of the children bo cared for. The rev. chairman having introduced the business, n series of resolutions was proposed and unanimously adopted. These were spoken to by the Kev. S. C. Kent, Johnson, and Fraser ; and also by Meests. Lloyd, Hunt, Fairfax, Lee, Oatley, Hopkins, and S. Thompson. Plans for collecting by weekly, monthly, and annual subscriptions wero laid before the meeting, and fully approved of. The period for raiting the funds « as fixed at two years, and the amount required from £1000 to £5000. Several gentle- men promistd certain per-centages upon the first and second years' subscriptions. At tho termination of the proceedings, the chairman threw out a few practi- cal rersaiks apposite to the purpose they had in hand, and then concluded with prayer to God for a blessing upon the meeting. DISCOVERY OF A SLATE QUARRY.-"Wo yesterday inspected several pieces of slate that had been obtained from a quarry adjacent to the Ophir Copper mines, about twenty-five miles beyond Bathurst. The slateä are considered by judges of the article to be equal ia quality to tho best imported from England, though, they h'avo not the same bluish tint. We learn that the Blate exista in groat quantity at Ophir, and the discovery promises to be of great importance on account of the variety of uses to which the article is now applied. DAHLINOTOÎÎ MUNICIPALITY, - NOMINATION OF COUNCILLORS.-A meeting of the electors of the Dar- lington Municipality was held yesterday (Friday), noon, at the John Bull Inn, Darlington, far the nomi- nation of parties as candidates to represent the munici- pality, called and presided over by Mr. P. L. C. Shepherd, retutning-offlcer. Shortly after twelve, the returning-officer read the proclamation forming the municipality, and, after a few remarks, called upon any elector to propose a candidate. The following wtrethen proposed:-As councillors : Messrs, Joseph Junes, John Williams, .Bobert Maze, William Her- ridge, Aaron Loveridge, J. A. Earl, David Edwards, Châties M. Deane, Frederick Williams, Thomas W. Shepherd, Philip Brown, George Stubbs. As auditors : MeEErs. Charles Harris and Charlea M. Denne. Afier.tho names had been submitted to the electors prefcn't, and a show of hands called for, the returning, officer declared the result to be in favour of Mesáis. Loveridge, Maze, Shepherd, Daaoe, Wil- liams, and Earl. A poll was demanded by Messrs. Jones and Kerridge, which is to take place on Friday, 23rd instant, at the same place. The two auditors proposed were elected, there being no opposition. On the motion of Mr. Maze, a vote of thanks was proposed to the returning- officer, and carried; after which, tho meeting separated. THE PRINCE IMPERIAL QUADRILLES.-A new set of quadrilles, adapted to the new figures, and com- posed by Mr. Henry Marsh, bearing the title of " Prince Imperial," have been lately published by Elvy end Co., of George-street. The music is pretty, Marsh's style being easily recognised, and its arrange- ment is good. We are informed that already the Prince Imperial Quadrilles fare quite the rage in the ballroom, and their publication will, of course, tend still futther to render them popular. ST. JOHN'S SOHOOLIIOOSI, DARLINGHURST.-A lite- rary aed musical entertainment was given yesterday evening, in St. John's Schoolroom, Darlinghurst, by the members of the St. John's Young lien's Society. The performances, which consisted of song», reciti tions, and comic negro scenes, afforded considerable amusement, and were reworded with the usual mani- festations of approval. A large number of the friends of the members assembled, to listen to and encourage their musical ond elocutionary at temp m. STEALING "WOO».-On "Wednesday last two boya, Alick Spowl and Frank Blencher, were found guilty of having stolen from the estate of Joseph H. Potts, Longbottom, a quantity of dead timber of the valus of 20B. It appeals that the boys are or were in the strvice of n woodman, whoso two empty carts were standing near the place at which the boys were found cutting up fallen trees into lengths suitable for their purpose. They wore found guilty of this offence, and evidence was given of a former conviction for a like offence. They were each sentenced to pay a penalty of 20B., -with 20s. for damages, and 10s. Gd. profes- sional cost?, in addition to the Court costs, or to be imprisoned fourteen days. HEIIK CUSHLA'S LIVING PICTURES.-During tho week, the beautiful nnd classic groupings of Herr Cushla, and his talented troupe of male and female nitiBtes, have nightly proved a source of great attraction and delight at the School of Arts. The " Ghost" illusion also improves, and takes well with the audience. This afternoon the last performance will be givtn at the School of Arts, when those who have not seen it will not, we have been informed, hnve another opporiunity. N Lim AND LOVB- On Wednesday evening last, a If eture on this subject was delivered by Mr. Henry Kendall, in the St. Mary's Schoolroom, "Waverley, .which wns well filled. Tho Rev. Stanley Mitchell prebided on the occasion, and introduced tho leuturor. v. ho began by remarking that the adequate nature of things was rarely compiehended, and results seldom justified expectntions. Three fourths of the mistakes end misfortunes of the world, he said, were the effects of incomplete viewB and deficient expression. The only remedy for incomplete views waa love. The only cure for deficient expression was love. Tho nature and tho first principles of love did not trouble us generally. The mother, he continued, loved her child because it was part of her physical and psychical entity. The youth was content to know that he loved the maiden-he did not often trouble himself abaut the why and the wherefore. Age lovesyouth because of itB snegeMivcness. The man loved the woman because of the sympathetic harmony in both which must eommingle and be wedded together, even as "perfect music" is "wedded unto noble words." After dwelling upon the several conditions of love, and their relationship to life, he concluded with an earnest peroration, and eat down amidst much ap- plause. The chairman then proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Kendall, which, was carried with acclamation. Communicated. KIVEBINB ASSOCIATION.-The Pastoral Times of 10th instant says: The Council held their usual monthly meeting on Tuesday last. As the Press were, as usual, excluded, we have no report to fur- nish, and the only matters made public are that au executive committee has been appointed to prosecute an appeal to the Herne Government, the Council abandoning their intention of again appealing to Sydney, in consequence of tbe imposition of the t¡«cJ« /-x, »li M-ll Di8TBiox_ooM.-Mr. D,Btriut JuJgT&iS;, yesterday, and a number of«, M motton« and ral' for new trial were heard and adjudicated HuTil hav.ng to preside at the Quarter Seaton, to L h,J during the ensuing week, at the Darlmgoum P, house, the mungs of the Distant Court are Dn» until Monday, the 26ih instant. P Stp0ae; Imbil NAUONAI LBAOBE -Anumeronslv Mb«, meeting was held last night, at tho iw * Hotel, Hajmarket. The prmc.pal object of the Í ' ir,g, after the enrolment of member,, W88,0 h M «f Hourigan lecture on the poetry of Tom Moore % lecturer d.scussed the beauties of the noels of r"i , and was listened to throughout with attent vote of thanks having been paseed to him ti, '°n l adjourned until next Friday night * ° m'ellDl DEATH OF MR. GREER, INNKEEPER OF BLANDFORD \-- Writing from Murrurundi, a correspondent says:- An inquest was held before Captain Wheeler, coro- ner for the district, and a jury of thirteen, on the body of Mr. Greer, who died from concussion of the brain supposed by a blow given by a man named George Simms, who stands committed for trial on a charge of manslaughter. Mr. Greer was an old and respectable resident here. The sad event has for days cast a gloom over our quiet township; the greatest excitement pre- vailing. Mr. Sheridan, a sergeant of police, has done good service in his endeavours to unravel the mystery that still hangs over the sad affair. Mr. Greer's remains were followed to the grave by an immense con- course of persons. MpLiiouBNii -The following extract A*t.A \r Ül bou.ne, September 12th, reform" to tnJUVP portion of Sydne> and Melbourne u¿ preiea* rpondent He writes -.? You wül'fi dZlTl gone ahead a little e>en «nee J0U w JT *e *»' bruine continues to increase, and promues to be "¡ city (comparatively) in another ten or fifteen 1, Yet still thire is a strong current of completof " mate of trade, and although on thewhXwf»!L to be prosperous, yet it is not all couleur & WSÎÎ individuals The battle of the free-trade» and? protectionists rages here , strong advocate!ionlol sides but neither appears to see that a middle cour might be adopted with great advantage, as iffî all My motto is- the largest extern ii and S toade that ,s possible to be done in view "f the S teiests of all c asses ' Hut I fear nothing will bedonl for the panent until he ia m exlremu, and then, J will go to the opposite course and do,e him wuhte fild the amount of stimulanu thrt wiuld hi sufficed m a more healthy state "We shall see " Niw HiMiniis ron PLEDKO I VEVWOYIA -PT several districts we hear of the reappearance aa spread of pleuro-pneumoma , apropos of ihn we mi Btate that late files of the Cape of Goad Hope p4Uei record an instance of a cow having been trtoroujhl cured of this di-oase from eating the leaves of ih grsnodilla If this case be authenticated to cultivation of this plant m Australia will bi pome a matter of importance Another new r m-d for pkuro-pneumomo, which is smed to be infallibl« is reported to have been diicovered at Natal It ha] been forwarded by a Mr George Paton, formerly Ó] Amherst, but now . f Natal, to a friend at IMbot D is SB follow» -" Dose lor aa ox or cow Two ubis spoonfuls of aire», two tablespoonfuls of sulphur M1 tw o tabletpoonfuls of turpentine Let the ínT-dieafi be well mixed and odmimstered ia a quart" fawell milk, using judgment as to its repetition ' rnewrueH odds -" 1 see thero are still doub s in. Yiciona of tfafl efluacy of înoculatwn as a provento e but evpenertcS hire (larger than Australian) is m us favour CirM riers assure me that they travel with complete email dence when their cattle are so treated, turning theil out anj where with continuous impunity Itt tfuaS an ox with little or no tail is worth 100 per cat awi than one that thows no sigm of inoculation ' PEOSEOUTION UNDER TUB SCA.B ACT- On Mond) latt, Mr Douglass Repp, who was travellm» wu sheep belonging to Messrs Clarke and Micfeiy ? the Murrumbidgee, was bned £40 by the local Benal for two breaches of the 23rd clause of the abor« atfl The clause in question rendirá it necessary to give« owner of any run thiough which it is intended to pi the sheep, tweh o hours' notice of such mtemion [l defendant admitted the offence, but, in extenuatioiT stated that the plains were m such a terribly mudd! state that 200 sheep had got bogged, and hadtofc lifted out of the mud, his cart sunk up to the ni and whilst absent to procure the assistance of anotai hor»e, the shepherds took the sheep on to a SIM hill which was just inside Mr Miles Patterson'* IM He would have had to ride hfteen miles to the horn stead to give notice, and over a country that was ne to impassable , however the following day he wai« his way to the home natiOD, and met Mr Paltersoi the plaintiff, who t ild him he wis off the trac»an directed lum to go through a fence into the aiijunia station, andtïenceto the road He did so, a do f>o doing, committed a second offence Ihe Dene expressed their determina ed to make an eumpli and inflicted the abo\e fine, at ihe same tiac slatiov that had thtre not been extenuating ciruims anceithB full penalty of £50 in each case would have been eaB forced -Pastoral Times, September 10 H THB WEMM ORTH,-We can give only a bti epitome of the operations on this gold- held Ti Phoenix Company are crushing dirt fir the Und Tom Claim. The Industry Kewarded are getting little gold, and are sanguine of success Toe Pm severance party are at a stand-Btill, procuring timbi for their shaft After being for some time idle, ti Uncle Tom pirty have commenced work, and hw succeeded in baling all the water out of the sh»f Devlin's parly have got Bome gold in a vein whic they have been peroev6ringly following for some ti« past. The dirt crushed for Spicer's claim yield' nearly 200 ounces. The Golden Gate patty «reu getting up good wash-dirt, and the Shamrock shan holders are following their example. The Ctinolii party are getting good gold, and «ill crush ehonlr Oranae Guardian. MELANCHOLY DEVTU OI AN OLD COMVIST, sr K: O'KN HAND-Ihe Brisbane Courier of 13th injin stiys -Another old resident was yesterday afternoo removed from amongst us by the hand of deith Capiam Richard Cole}.-The news of hu sudde demise created quite a painful sensation inthemnt of a largo number of the citizens of Brisbane am n whom are a great many of his old friends and Mlo« colonists He had been suffering for some years pi from the gout, but duung last winter that disease m developed itself in a more afflicting and dangetou phase than hitherto. It had, in fact, had the effect! compelling him to relinquish during the latter paru the session the performance of his duties as Sergeant at-Arms. It is generally believed that the acutenei of the pain (in the stomach and hean) under whic he of Inte buffered, and which he himself has di scribed as having been almost unbearable, at iengt affected his brain , and, during a period of teapot« insanity, he put an end to his existence ^ IV understand that at a few minutes after four o'cloc he suddenly left the parlour and went lal the back portion of the premises occupe by himself and family, that shortly afta wards a report of firearms waa heard, and, o examination, the deceased gentleman was foin ljing dead in a back store An inquest was helio the body last evening, at six o'clock, when afterapi tient inquiry, the jur> returned the following verdict -."That the decea-ed, Iiichml Cney, died from it effect of a pistol-shot wound, inflicted Vy him el ?while in a state of temporary insanity" Ciptu Coley v, as on old and respected colonist, having am« hero from the neighbouring colony of Van Di men Land shortly after Moreton Bay was thrown open a freo settlement. In the former colony ho had for so* years been engaged in farming pursuits, and relio quifhed that branch of industry somewhere about « j ear 1841-at a period when agricultural pursuits i all the then existing colonies were at tí discauat A one of the earliest ot our mercantile men at m «. " Captain Culey was in a position to hava m»M »1 independency, bat his cautious nabits induced mm ii confine himself strictly to a ready-money businewl his mtrcaniile transactions were not therefore upon large eenie Ti e whole of th*m, ho »ever were coo ducted upon t^e strictest orinciples of homur aaom gnty As agent for Lloyd s, Captain Coley s worn matters connected with our shipping interest« . law, DIB extensi\e practical knowledge w ' duties of a shipmaster, and his pribuy of enwac* commanding universal respect In fact P"T'T separation Captain Coley was considered in tnew sptcts one of our leading men For seme 6ev«i eight j ears he tilled the situation of chairman to tj Brisbane Exchange, and in faat capacity ai* wJ Email amount of service, by backing up we "PI tentations of the mercantile community witt a» L ceasing endeavours to obtain what was just anani«« Amongôt the few old colonists who are »»»JJJ amongst us, there are not many who can f^JM amount of public respect which all d«»a"g| willing to bear testimony to m respect to «e w» ? the deceased, who was one of the old school m merchant captains, and a thorough geTe?"K.t M since separation he filled the office of Elen««» manner UeceaBea, wno ww BI.^J ?>-.-. _ leaves behind him a widow and. family, "''"'ÎJÎH but mourn the loss of a good and faithful litu>>uVJ an 