OUR MUTUAL FRIEND. BY CHABLES DICKENS. '] It is now some considerable time since we had a chapter conveying any information that seemed in the remotest degree contributory to the unravelling- of the story. The present chapter contributes a little in that direction, but very little after all. Roger Riderhood, one of the waterside characters, comes forward to denounce his quondam partner, Gaffer Hexam, as the murderer of Harmon. We are pretty safe in avowing our suspicion that Roger Riderhood is more likely the murderer than Gaffer Hexam. It is possible, indeed, that the actual murderer is neither one nor the other, although Riderhood may have been im plicated in the affair. However that may be, Riderhood accuses Hexam in the mean time. The information is laid before Lawjrer Lightwood and his friend Eugene Wrayburn in the following fashion : — Mr Mortimer Lightwood and Mr Eugene Wray burn took a coffee-house dinner together in Mr Lightwood's office. Their dinner done, they turned towards the fire to smoke. It had grown darker as they talked, and the wind was sawing and the saw dust was whirling outside parlor windows. Tho underlying churchyard was already settling into deep dim shade, and the shade was creeping up to the housetops among which they sat. ' ' As if,' said Eugene, ' as if the churchyard ghosts were ris ing.' Ho walked to the window with his cigar in his mouth, to exalt its flavor by comparing the firo Bkle with tho outside, when ho stopped midway on his return to his arm-chair, and said: 'Appar- ently one of the ghosts has lost its way, and dropped in to be directed. Look at this phantom !' Light wood, whose back was towards tho door, turned his head, and thero, in the darkness of tho entry, stood a something in the likeness of a man ; to whom ho addressed the not irrelevant inquiry, 'Who tho devil avoyou?' ' I nsk your pardons, Governors,' replied tho ghost, in a honrae double barrelled whisper, '? but might either on you bo Lawyor Light.wood.' ' What do you moan by not knocking at the door?' demauded Mortiinor. ' I ask your pardons, Governors,' replied the ghost, as before, ' but probable you was not aware your door stood open.' 'What do you want?' Hereunto the ghost again hoarsely replied, in ft ' double-barrelled manner, ' I ask your pardons* Governors, bui might one on you be Lawyer Light wood ? One of us is,' said the owner of that name. 'All right, Governors Both,' returned the ghost, .' carefully closing the room door, ' 'tickler business.' ', Mortimer lighted the candles. They showed the visitor to be an ill-looking visitor with a squinting ' leer, who, as he spoke, fumbled at an old sodden : fur cap, formless and mangey, that looked like a furry animal, dog or cat, puppy or kitten, drowned ' and decaying. ' Now,' said Mortimer, ' what is ' it?' 'Governors Both,' returned the man, ia '''? what he meant to he a wheedling tone , ' which on you might be Lawyer Lightwood ?' 'I am.' 'Lawyer Lightwood,' ducking at him with a servile air, 'I am a man as gets my living, and as gets my living by the sweat of my brow. Not to risk being done out of the sweat of my brow, by any chances, I should wish afore going further to be swore in.' ' I am not a swearer in of people, man.' ? The visitor, clearly anything but reliant on this as- ' surance, doggedly muttered ' Alfred David.' 'Is ? that your name ?' asked Lightwood. 'My name ?' returned the man. '? No ; I want to take a Alfred David.' (Which Eugene, smoking and contem plating him, interpreted as meaning affidavit.) ' I tell you, my good fellow,' said Lightwood with his ' indolent laugh, ' that I have nothing to do with swearing,' 'He can swear at you,' iSugene ex plained; ' and so can I. But we can't do more for ; you.' Much discomfited by this information, the visitor turned the drowned dog or cat, puppy or : kitten, about and about, and looked from one of the ? Governors Both to the other of the Governors Both, while he deeply considered within himself. At length he decided : ' Then I must be took down.' ; 'Where?' asked Lightwood. 'Here,' said the man. 'In pen and ink.' ' First, let us know ' what your business is about.' 'It's about,' said ' the man, taking a step forward, dropping his hoarse voice, and shading it with his hand, ' its about from five to ten thousand pounds reward. That's what it's about. It's abont murder. That's what it's about.' 'Come nearer the table. Sit down. ' Will you have a glass of wine ?' ' Yes, I will,' ' said the man ; ' and I don't deceive you Gover nors.' It was given him. Making a stiff arm to the elbow, he poured the wine into his mouth, tilted ??'?? it into Ms right cheek, as saying, ' What do you. ' think of it?' tilted it into his left cheek, as saying, '? ' What do you think of it?' jerked it into his stomach, as saying, 'What do you think o£ it.*-' To r conclude, smacked his Iip3, as if all three replied,' ' We think well of it,' ' Will you have another?1' '.-? ' Yes, I will,' he repeated,' and I don't deceive you, Governors.' And also repeated the other pro- '??'? ceedings. 'Now,' began Lightwood, 'what's your ? ' name?' 'Why, there you're rather fast, Lawyer Lightwood,' he replied in a remonstrant manner. ' ' Don't yon see, Lawyer Lightwoorl ? There you're a little bit fast. I'm going to earn from five ; to ten thousand pound _by the sweat of my brow;' ? and as a poor man doing justiee to the sweat of my; brow, is it likely I can afford to part with so much as my name without its being took down ?' Deferr ing to the man's sense of the binding powers of pen and ink and paper, Lightwood nodded acceptance of Eugene's nodded proposal to take those spells in hand. Eugene, bringing them to the table, Bat dewn as clerk or notary. ' Now,' said Lightwood, 'if you have quite completed your various prepara- - tions, my friend, and have fully ascertained that ? your spirits are cool and not in any way hurried, what's your name ?' Roger Riderhood.' ' Dwel ling-place?' ' Lime'us Hole.' ' Calling or ooou- ' pation ?' Not quite so glib with this answer as i with the previous two, Mr Riderhood gave in the .' definition, ' Waterside character.' ' Anything against you?' Eugene quietly put in, as he wrote. ? Rather balked, Mr Riderhood evasively remarked, with an innocent air, that he believed the t'other Governor had asked him summa't. 'Ever in' trouble ?' said Eugene. ' Onoe.' (Might happen ..: to any man, Mr Riderhood added incidentally). ' On suspicion of — ' ' Of seaman's a pocket,' said Mr Riderhood. 'Whereby I was in reality tbs man's best friend, and tried to take care of him,' ; ' With the sweat of your brow ?' asked Eugene. ' Till it poured down like rain,' Baid Roger Rider 1100(1. .Eiugeno leiuieu uui;k jlu jui& cuu.ii, uuu smoked with his eyes negligently turned on the informer, and his pen ready to reduce him to more ? writing. Lightwood also smoked, with his ? eyes negligently turned on the informer. ' Now let me be took down again,' said 'Rider- . hood, when he had turned the drowned cap over and ? under, and had brushed it the wrong way (if it had a right way) with his sleeve. 'I give information that the man that done the Harmon murder iB Gaffer ' Hexam, the man that found the body. Tho hand of Jesse Hexam, commonly called Gaffer on the river and along shore, is the hand that done that deed. His hand and no other.' Tho two friends ? glanced at ono another with more serious faces than ?? they had shown yet. '? Tell us on what grounds you mako this accusation,' said Mortimer Light wood. ' On the grounds,' answered Ridorhood, wiping his face with his sleeve, ?* that I was Gaffin's pardner, and suspected of him many a long day, many a dark night. On the grounds that I knowed his ways. On the grounds that I broke the pardnership because I see the danger ; which 1 warn you his danghter may tell you another story about that, for anythink I can say, but you know what it'll be worth, for she'd tell you lies, the world round and the heavens broad, to save her father. , On the grounds that it's well understood along the cause'ays and the stairs that ho done it. On tho grounds that he's fell off from, because ho done it. On the grounds that I will swear he done it. On tho gvounds that you may take me where yoa will, and get mo sworn to it. / don't want to back out of tho consequences. I have made up my mind. Take mo anywheres.' ' All this is nothing,' said Lightwood. ' Nothing ?' repeated Riderhood, indignantly and amazetlly. ' Merely nothing. It goes to no more than that you suspect this man of the crime. You way do so with, some ' reason, or you may may do so with no rea3on, but he cannot bo convioted on your suspicion.' ' Haven't I said — I appeal to the T'other Governor as my witness — haven't I said from the first minute that I opened my mouth in this hero worldwithoutend everlasting chair ' (he evidently used that form of words as next in force to au affidavit), ' that I was willing to swear that ho dono it ? Haven't I said, Tako me and gat mo sworn to it ? Don't I say so now? You won't deny it, Lawyer Lightwood?' '. Surely not ; but you only offer to swear to your '' suspioion, and I toll you it is not enough to 8 wear to your suspicion.' ' Not enough, ain't it, Lawyer Lightwood ?' ho cautiously demanded. ' Posi livoly not.' ' And did I say it was enough ? Now I appeal to the T'other Governor. Now, fair! Did I say so? 'He certainly has not said that he had no more to tell,' Eugene observed in a low voice, without looking at him, ' whatever he seemed to imply.' ' Hah !' cried the informer, triumph antly perceiving that the remark was generally in his favor, though apparently- not closely under standing it. ' Fort'nate for me I had a witness !' ' Go on, then,' said Lightwood. ' Say out what you have to say. No after- thought.' ' Let me bo took down then !' cried the informer, eagerly and anxiously. ' Let mo be took down, for by George and the Draggin I'm a coming to it now! Don't do nothing to keep back from a honest man the fruits of the sweat of his brow ! I give information, then, that he told me that he done it. . Is that enough ?' ?' Take care what you say, my. friend,' returned Mortimer. ' Lawyer Light , wood, iake care, you, what I say; for I judge you'll be answerable for follering it up !' Then, slowly and emphatically beating it all out with his open right hand on the palm of his left, ' I, Roger Eider-. hood, Lime'us Hole, Waterside character, tell you, Lawyer Lightwood, that the man Jesse Hexam, commonly called, upon the liver and along the shore, Gaffer, told me that he done the deed. What's more, lie told me with his own lips that he done the deed. Wha.t's more, he said that he done the deed. And I'll: swear it!' ; 'Where did he tell you so?' ? ? Outside,'.' replied Riderhood, always beating it out, with his head determinedly set askew, and his eyes watchfully dividing their attention between his two , auditors, 'outside the door of the Six Jolly Fellowships, towards a quarter after twelve o'clock at midnight — but I will not in my conscience under take to swear to so fine a matter as five minutes — on the night when he picked up the body. The Six Jolly Fellowships stands on the spot still. The Six Jolly Fellowships won't run away. If it turns out that he warn't at the Six Jolly Fellowships that night at midnight, I'm a liar.' ' What did he say ?' ?? ' Eiderhood,' he says, ' words passed betwixt us en the river to-night.' Which they had ; ask his daughter ! . ? I threatened you,' he says, ' to chop you over the fingers with my boat's stretcher, or take an' aim at your brains with my boat-hook. I .did; so on account of your looking too hard at what I had in tow, as if you was suspicious, and on accounts of your holding on to the guuwale of my boat.' I Bays to him, ' Gaffer, I know it.' . He says to me, ? Had you suspicions ?' I says, ' Gaffer, I had ; and, what's more, I have.' He falls a-shaking, and he Bays,; « Of. what ?' I says, ' Of foul play.' He falls a-shaking worse, and he says, ' There was foul play then. I done it for his money. Don't betray me.' Those were the v/ords as ever he used.' There was a silence, broken only by the fall of the ashes in the grate. An opportunity which the informer improved by smearing himself all over the head and neck and face with his drowned cap, and not at all improving his own appearance. 'What moro ?' asked Light wooel. 'Of him d'ye moan, Lawyer LightvfoSd ?' ' Of anything to the purpose.' 'Now, I'm bjest if I understand you Governors Both,' said the informer, in a creeping manner : pro pitiating both, though only one had spoken. ' What ? Ain't that enough ?' 'Did you ask him how he did it, where he did it, when he did it? 'Far be it from me, Lawyer Lightwood f I was so troubled in my mind, that I wouldn't have knowed more, no, not, for the sum as I expect tcearn from you by the Bweat of . my brow, twice told ! I had put an end to the partnership. I had cut the connection. I couldn't undo what was done and when he begs and prays, ' Old pardner, on my knees, don't split upon me !' I only makes answer ' Never speak another word to Roger Rider hood, nor look him in. the facel' and I shuns that .. ' man.' Having given these words a swing to make them mount the higher and go the farther, Roger Eiderhood poured himself out another glass of wine unbidden, and seemed to chew it, as, with the half- emptied glass in his hand, he stared at the candles. Mortimer glanced at Eugene, but Eugene Bat glowering at his paper, and would give him no responsive glance. Mortimer again turned to the informer, to whom he said : ' You have been troubled in your mind a long time, man ?' Giving his wine a final chew, and swallowing it, the in former answered in a single word : '? Hages I So I made up my mind to got my trouble off my mind, and to earn by the sweat of my brow what was held out to me. And what's more,' he added, . suddenly turning bloodthirsty, ' I mean to have it ! And now I tell you, once and away, Lawyer Lights wood, that Jesse Hexam, commonly called Gaffer, his hand and no other, done the deed, on his own confession to me. And I gave him up to you, and I want him took. This night!' After another silence, broken only by the fall of the ashes in the grate, which attracted the informer's attention as if it were the chinking of money, Mortimer Light wood leaned over his friend, and sa'd in a whisper: ??I suppose I must go with this ftlbw to our im perturbable friend at the polica-station.' 'I sup pose,' said Eugene, 'thero is no help for it.' 'Do you believe him?' ' I believe him to to be a thorough rascal. But ho may tell the truth, for his own purpose, and for this occasion only.' It don't look like it.' The two friends accompany the informer to the police station at the water side, and hand to the inspector there the notes they have taken of the information. The two friends and the inspector then adjourn to the Jolly Fellow ship Porters, which is close by, to wait till Riderhood can find out when Hexam, who is away in his boat, may bo expected to return, as it is their intention to have Hexam at once apprehended upon the information received. They sit' by the fire of the ' public' till they get fidgetty ; they shift their quarters outside, under the lee of a boat close to the river ; one, two, three o'clock passes, and no appearance of Hexam. At last Hiderhood proposes to shove off in his boat, and take a look round. After being away an hour, ho returns to report that he has seen Hexam's boat empty and adrift. So the prey escapes the informer's clutches ?~ after all. The great work of boring a tunnol through Mount Cenis has been recently inspected by a com jnission specially charged with the duty, accom panied by several French engineers, and an inte resting report has been mado on the subject. It is calculated that ton years more of continuous labor $8 requisite bofore the communication by this route will be so far advanced, aa to unite tho territories of France Bad Italy. 