VISITATION BY THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY. THE right Reverend the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney held a Visitation in St. John's Church, Monday, July 18th. Service commenced at l0" o'clock and the prayers were read by Rev.Bliss. About one half the number of the Church of England, resident h, iLtisci, Slum, Poole and Jones half notion of the service had been at it Be Reverend Bishop of Sydney is following address, which was II to attentively by a large number of of the Church of England who com 1 the congregation - RIGHT REVEREND BROTHER AND REVEREND BRETHREN, rating you as your Metropolitan it is my de ire and prayer that, under the Durne I may be made the means of helping J the great work we have in common, enticement of the Redeemer s kingdom singing souls to the knowledge and love of the of colonies where the intercourse of leave with each other is infrequent, and from the distances to be traversed, the ó, of the different dioceses can with dull Left it is an advantageous arrangement once in five years brings together the moisten the bishops, and the clergy, to counsel on matters belonging to our ears work and to help each other to over the difficulties which beset our path conformity with the requirements of the , letters patent, I have already visited older dioceses of Tasmania, Melbourne, side and Newcastle, and take this my first hunty of coming to you, earnestly desiring (lie and tie to impart to you some spiritual aid to be helped by your counsels and rim the work committed to my care v the gracious Spirit be present with us to sanctify and govern both our hearts and in the wars of God s Lans, and in the of His commandments, so that now and [ter he may glorify our Heavenly Father e first observation I will make is, that there eli encouragement to be derived from the four assembling together for the present 11 so early in the history of the colony is many years did the scattered members Church of England in our North Amen comes i ninly sue for the extension of the route to the lands in which they had found ? unable to obtain an increase to the r of the ordered pastors from amongst them save by a perilous voyage and does residence in the mother country and that the chin eli in North America r resembled a sickly plant in an ungenial man a vigorous offshoot from the parent Long too now it ere the church in these s could receive the benefit of which got cm and administration as the Church of Eng provides dirty years ago the Bishop of Calcutta was ip and Metropolitan of Australia. The lenton of steet South Wales recognised him excited I'tttal head, and received from the the diocesan who then filled the episcopal of Calcutta such exhortations and coin in the warmth of his zeal and affection, ready to offer to this distant portion of romance How great the change which rites of a century has witnessed where sheep presided over first class, including Zealand for fourteen bishops, and be WO and 500 clergymen are found in atta there are eight bishops, with 360 'men and in New Zealand six bishops for, the excellent missionary bishop Parte it 1 about 100 The games and missionaries is most recently formed diocese of Gold was taken from that of Sydney and is resi mainly by the colonists themselves ltd on by one family contributing £5000 next bishopric will probably be on the ern boundary of Queensland One gentleman's already well on £2000 towards the car out of the see of Grafton and Armidale r this remarkable increase in the episcopal clergy no are in a great measure indebted i foresight and disinterested liberality of predecessor, the first Bishop of AUB who by divesting himself of rtton of his income, and by cb g the sanction of the Imperial intent to his plans had the satisfaction Innately seeing his unwieldy diocese d into line and it has been comparatively to follow in his steps and to obtain the tion of three additional sees eadinntuges of this subdivision are very and are deeply impressed upon my own mind that is now going on in a considerable por- four former diocese the present diocese album A triennial term was all that I hope to afford and that not without con- ble inconvenience Too infrequent to up plans which had for the moment cheerfully adopted, too hurried to see all 0 (do all that was requisite, they occupied one fourth of the year, he impression that much remained to be which could never be accomplished and played a considerable arrear of business at name of our work is, on, with respect to 'others and south western part of Non sales all this is changed My right My brother and dear friend thron s all his travels experience and energy into work I could only occasionally approach His n of clergymen in England, and his loss seen in his own dio etc, have been elm seen by great prudence, and attended with all my former anxieties are now ex s for abundant thanksgiving to Almighty to Ev and in the expense of tn030who e «baniininense "advantages the Church, to have the full organisation which her requires but that one qualified STOTT and experience, should be a " ' 'is eyesight of her affairs ZTth textile Pr°P°r'.onato m anneen "î , after chaS. T at their best "11 dUn M of this tree "Bee , tog all his, " and . mSM' a.nd,P^c-s be to all her and members truly a " Father in God ' si; as diocese arising out of crop Parts"" e " '9 till connection mular wortT T.ÏÏ to the Melanesians s s 0TÎnb,UlrJf of the originals ofChnshnn,^, ^»J-u-ucatcdtho early 1 «¿Ä?1* «'?epo^rand wisdom, his hat ,, son of the weather Mr H «qreson/tr'S'hnnl,oDi,eacy is not 'detected yrs b? ""f applied by "dies met Island did Art to passes a"dtsm ''h^oSWf0,hnn4VS,VmS t0 A1*«>g% * bishop not LI he Work of that T's costing led warn instance of devoted hat the hat A war" I earnestly Growth the TCh his mission is to be * as one, ITT' """v. under God s "Mary spirit to be a bf latch sell be Li, /ÍL°"ed be ""customary "to wt.resTn"frh on behalf of the needed wpAu'traIla "Truly this is d we for Souls is such" a time I! hear and evered, "u ears down all the missions to our ""i th° ""wastes its 10 our own battles have to increase of time I bers of our church in these colonies, and it can hardly be doubted that we labor under some disadvantages in our endeavors to build up the church of our fathers in a new country. One of these difficulties arises out of the habits formed by the settled character of our church Institutions at home. There the House of God has long been built, the income of the clergy- man is certain and secured by law, his position is well defined and recognised, the exemplary discharge of his duties never fails to meet with grateful acknowledgments in a population of which the members of the Established Church form a very large majority. In the United Kingdom every kind of talent finds its appropriate sphere of action. The man of learning, the aged and experienced divine, incapable of much physical exertion, is yet the valued counsellor, the tried and honored friend of the church. Here society has for the most part one form. Great activity and energy are displayed, and are required. If the duties of the ministry are to be successfully discharged, the office must be filled by men of vigor of mind and body. They must be strong to labor, wise, patient, and conciliatory, able to address mixed assemblies with intelligence and readiness. Men of sensitive or timid feelings cannot successfully encounter the active and occasionally rode worldliness they meet with. Learning and experience are of less esteem than a certain promptitude of disposition and fluency of speech. Much that we have been accustomed to regard as characteristic of the Church of England clergy, and which is highly appreciated at home, is held in small esteem here, because of little practical value in the busy life in which we move. ' It is, however, the wisdom and the duty of the Church to adapt itself to the times and circumstances in which our lot is cast. At home, we had, perhaps, been engaged in carrying on our Master's work in some of the quiet pleasant places of our beloved country, or in the crowded city, or in the manufacturing town ; but wherever we were placed, we had all the help which numbers, sympathy, the association of friends, and the sanction of the law could give. Everything was possible, because every work of a similar character had already been accomplished, and every facility we required was ready to our hand. The spirit of the ago was with us. Much indeed was expected from the clergy in comparison with former times, but much valuable aid was granted. The church was built or restored, the schools re-modelled, the curate or the Scripture reader obtained, by the assistance of societies long established for these purposes. In this country we have commonly everything to begin, and in the midst of a population gathered from all parts of the world, and representing every kind of creed or denomination. The previous training of the members the Church of England does not ordinarily qualify them for such a state of things. They have something to unlearn, and everything to do for themselves. The only object of legislation in respect to the church may be to prevent, it from obtaining pecuniary aid from the slate. The effect of legislation in respect to education may be to impede the Church's action in her endeavour to impart scriptural knowledge to the young. To these difficulties the Church has nothing to present but her own excellencies, and these by many are not recognised. On the contrary, their existence is denied, and can only be proved by their practical exhibition. In answer to the claim of being a branch of the one Catholic and Apostolic Church, which Christ has founded, and to whose pastors he has committed authority and promised His presence and blessing, the enquiry will be made what are you doing and how are you doing it? Are you truly engaged in the work of your Divine Lord, and are you carrying it on with wisdom, zeal, and love, with an intelligent knowledge of the great evils which afflict the world, and with a skilful and effectual application of the remedy provided by Christ in His Gospel? Our Liturgy may be unrivalled in the fervor and purity of its devotion our government in accordance with Holy Scripture and ancient usage, but then it is required of us that we so bring the Church to the people, as to prove that it is capable of meeting the requirements of modern times and changed circumstances, and that men shall be compelled to acknowledge its excellence by experiencing its power to convey to them the blessings of Christ's Word and ordinances. A great step has been taken towards this end by the formation of the diocese of Brisbane. There is this advantage in the government of the Church of England, that one mind originates and directs the efforts made to plant religion in a new country. And where Episcopal authority is lodged in the hands of one endowed with the meekness of wisdom, devoted to his work, and bringing the varied experience obtained at home to bear upon the spiritual wants of the communion of which he is the acknowledged head, time and opportunity, and the liberal support of his own people, will, under the Divine blessing, enable hint to scatter the seed of spiritual life over the vast field committed to his charge. Upon him, in the first instance, rests the cure of selecting suitable men for the work of the ministry. And hero another difficulty has to be encountered. The want of men-of men of education, piety, experience, and love. At home 1 the numbers of such men do not in crease in proportion to the wants of of the population. Complaints are heard on every side that curates cannot be obtained. I am inclined to think that the small remunera- tion offered is one of the causes of the reluctance of parents to devote their children to the ministry of the Word. The prospect of a maintenance is a consideration which will enter into the mind when one is called upon to choose a profession and if the Church of England can offer no more to some of her clergy than the earnings of a laborer or a mechanic, it is no wonder that such offers should find little favor. "The Lord hath ordained that they who preach the Gospel, should live of the Gospel." This leads me to speak of the means of preventing the difficulty I have named from be coming permanent in the church in the colonies. Sufficient provision must be made for the maintenance of the clergy, if suitable clergymen in sufficient numbers are to be located in the diocese. If the service of the church falls into disrepute for its poverty, or the precarious nature of its remunera- tion, the consequence will be that unsuitable or inefficient men will be found in the ranks of her ministers. ] This, it may be said, is rather a question for the laity. No doubt it belongs to them to provide the means of supporting the clergy, and they are deeply interested in the character of the clergy who minister to them and to their families ¡ but it is also the duty of the clergy to provide suitable instruction for the laity on this subject. The church has done this in one of the most, solemn of her services. Some of the offertory sentences are selected for the purpose of reminding those who are taught in the Word to minister to him that teacheth in all good things. I have been surprised to find that on the occasion of making a collection for the common fund of the diocese, the officiating minister through a false delicacy, has omitted the very sentences which were most suitable for reading at such a time, and thus has lost the opportunity of instructing the people that we " go not to this warfare at our own cost." If the state repudiates the obligation of supporting religion, and we are reluctant to speak upon this duty to the members of our own church, our mission must languish, if not fail. In the towns, and in the richer pastoral districts, a clergyman may be maintained, but nothing short of a vigorous, united, and sustained effort to obtain contributions from the whole diocese, will enable the church to over take the work which is entrusted to her. And that this union and liberality may be promoted the clergy must not be silent touching the duty of the laity in these matters. There is, however, another and higher cost sideration which may properly be brought before us, as we dwell upon the difficulty of ob training suitable clergymen. The remedy provided by Christ himself is very simple : " The harvest truly is plenteous, but the laborers are few ; pray ye, therefore, the Lord of the harvest that He would send forth laborers into the harvest." We want men men whom not necessity, or the will of friends, or the mere preference for a clerical life, have sent forth-but men whom Christ has qualified, and chosen, and called out, and made faithful. These men are from above. They are given in answer to prayer, and if we ask we shall have, and if we obtain them in sufficient numbers the cause of religion is humanly speaking, safe. Such men will seek the great end of the ministry, and will seek it in the manner appointed by God. Let me dwell for a few moments on these topics. What, then, is the great end we have in view, and for what purpose do we conceive that we have been put into the ministry? The great end for which we live and labor is the salvation of the soul ; we seek the restoration of the soul to the image and favor of God. Naturally it is far gone from original righteous- ness-nstray, lost-nay, dead in trespasses and sins. It is in danger is in danger of perishing under the just displeasure of Him who can destroy both body and soul in hell. And yet, if Christ be offered as the true and living way to the Father, and a divine power accompanies the Word, this soul is quickened and brought into union with Christ the Head. If the pardoning love of God in Christ is freely proclaimed ; if while we persuade men by the terrors of the law we assure them of forgiveness and peace in coming to God by his blessed Son the soul is drawn to Him who said, "If I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me." As when Christ addressed the paralytic, and bade him arise and walk, power accompanied the command ¡ so to one who hears the offers of salvation, and desires to embrace them, grace is given from above. The gospel preached according to Christ's Word and example, never fails of proving its divine origin, by the change of which it is the mighty agent. In Rome und in Corinth, it became the power of God unto the salvation of the soul. The thief, the drunkard, the idolators, the man of injure life, the covetous, the reviled, the extortion, became a new creature in Christ Jesus, washed, sanctified, justified in the name of the Lord Jesus and by the Spirit of our God. The same cause will produce like effects. Lot men preach and labor us the apostles, and they will be blessed with his success. Observe his aim, " If by any means I might save BOino." Observe his method, his dependence upon the power of the Holy Ghost ¡ his motive, the love of Christ the means he used, prayer and the preaching of the Word " My heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is that they might be saved." In his directions to Timothy a promise is conveyed to ourselves, " Tuite heed to thyself and to the doctrine ; continue in them, for in so doing thou shall, both save thyself and them that hear thee." Yes, you shall save them that hear you. You shall be the honored instruments of' bringing them to repentance, to faith and calling upon God. You shall bring them to the foot of the cross, you shall bring them back to their father's house ; shall see them child in the best garment of the Redeemer's righteousness, and rejoicing in the tokens of His love ; shrill witness their- blame- less life and conversation, and finally join with them in the ascription of praise to Him that loved and washed them in i his blood. This is the high honor and glorious reward of the Christian ministry. It is a comfort that our Lord entrusts to us so great a power, it. is an additional comfort that He has the residue of the Spirit, and can enable us rightly to use that power. The Holy Ghost, the Lord, is the Giver of life, and to him it belongs to make the word to quickening spirit, so that our ministry shall be spirit and life. True, we are weak and unworthy ¡ but from the beginning thirst treasure has been committed to such, and the greatness of the grace has been magnified in the weakness of the instrument. Let us only give ourselves wholly to these things, and gird ourselves to the work in faith and prayer, and we shall turn many to righteous- ness. In n diocese such as this, so large in extent, with a population so sparsely scattered, it is important that the clergy should use every opportunity of enforcing the momentous truths of saving Christianity with conscientious earnest- ness, and with directness of application. The time is short in which anything can be done ; the opportunities infrequent and the utmost that can be aimed at is in a few brief words to set forth the sin of man and the grace of the Redeemer-to offer a welcome and rest to the weary and the wanderer returning to God through His blessed Son-to warn the im- penitent-" by all means to save some." At the evening service at the station, in the shepherd's hut, to the wife and children, to the father as he follows the flock, to the settler as he affords the ready hospitality of the bush, the missionary clergyman is ready Uko his Divine Master to give instruction to all, even to the stranger whom he encounters by the way. his efforts for this purpose are greatly assisted by the many excellent publications put forth by different societies. The cheap Prayer Book and New Testament of the Christian Knowledge Society are so terrible that even when travelling on horseback Borne copies may be taken, and used with other books is incen- tives to the young to prepare the catechism, or portions of scripture, for repetition on the next visit of the clergyman. I may here suggest that it is better not to attempt to compass a very large district in too short a time, and that a really efficient visit in which all the persons on a station are seen, and the children are catechised, is more valuable, even though only occurring once in three or four months, than hurried visits paid at shorter intervals. In this, as in every part of our work, system is of the last importance, and when a clergyman has obtained sufficient acquaintance with his district to be able to arrange his Vessels to the best advantage, he will do well to make them known at the commencement of the year, and most scrupulously to keep the engagements he has thus made. Regularity and devotedness to the work arising out of deep interest in it, cannot fail in time to tell upon the moral and social condition of a district. Let it be established that nothing but the impossibility of reaching the appointed station will prevent the clergyman's arrival, and the attendance will be punctual the part of the people Let it be felt that he who comes has a purpose in his visit, that he can say " We seek not yours, but you," and good must spring out of such ministra- tions. Family prayer will be established, Sunday services will be held, unnecessary labor on the Lord's Day will be avoided, the children will be instructed and prepared for the pastor's visit, the servants will be cared for, vicious practices restrained, dilferenceslicaled, the dying embers of piety will be rekindled, and the influence of the visit felt long after the visitor has passed forward on his way. On topics of more general interest, I have not time to dwell. I will refer to one or two. In common with all who honor the Scriptures as the inspired Word of God God's Word written," 1 deeply deplore the attacks made on the plenary inspiration of the sacred volume. It is distressing and humiliating that the Church it should be wounded by those who call them v solves her friends, and who minister at her altars, while they are betraying the cause they had solemnly engaged to defend. The enemy does indeed come in its a Hood-a stood just out of the mouth of the serpent. Nevertheless, the spirit of the Lord is lifted up as a standard against him. It was a subject of deep thankfulness to me during my recent visit to England to observe the active energetic zeal which animated the clergy- and the daily, and how the latter especially are anxious to carry on every work which promotes the social, moral, and spiritual well being of their follow men. If attacks on revealed religion are frequent and varied, and proceed from unusual quarters, The defenders are able, onions, learned, and efficient ; one hundred answers are ready to re- into the objections brought forward by the Bishop of Natal and his allies. And so in other matters if an evil is proved to exist, a remedy is at hand. The power of good and ill are manifestly drawn out in battle array, but I see no reason to be discouraged as (to the result. God is prospering our church at home and abroad. Missions to the heathen are bringing forth fruit, and we are reaping the harvest, of the last half-century's labors in Africa and the East. The large assemblies of members of the Church of England in the Congress held first in the Universities, and recently at Manchester, tire worthy of the nt tention of all who wish to know what is the spirit and the work of the Church at the present time. The Congress is very numerously attended. There is free discussion. Much valuable information is given under circumstances calculated to ensure accuracy, and by- men selected for their knowledge of the subject on which they speak. It is a movement likely to have an importance influence upon the church;' and mi influence, as it appears to me, of a beneficial character. Prejudices are removed, differences diminished, important facts are placed on record, and the deliberate counsels of able laymen are obtained. In a diocese such as this, it is difficult to say how best the bishop, clergy, and laity can meet North America affords some analogy, and particularly the diocese of New- Brunswick. The Bishop of Fredericton bus by means of a church society associated the laity with the clergy and himself in carrying on the work of the church, and hitherto this has been the practice in New South Wales. My right reverend brother the Bishop of Newcastle and myself have made an unsuccessful attempt to obtain legislative sanction to our synodical action ; whether we shall ultimately prevail with the legislature to give us this security I cannot fell, but some council to assist (ho bishop should exist in every diocese. if from the circumstances of the colony it is found that the metropolis can alone supply the materials requisite for it church assembly, the rest of the diocese must be content to entrust the management to those who are able to meet and advise with the bishop and clergy. A very brief experience of the manner in which the business was carried on would serve to show that the interests of the country districts were carefully regarded by the committee. This is our own experience. this metropolis supplies by far the greater part of the free contributions; yet these fluids are chiefly expended in the country. Centralisation may be all evil; but localisation, by which I mean confining all effort to the district in which I lie contributors live, is more to be apprehended. The church can never nourish if the members look only on their own things, and not on the things of others. We are not so much members of independent con- gregations its members of one body, and should be willing to give up our individual preference, for the sake of the common good. It may be difficult to induce the members of the Church of England in a widely extended colony to lillico their contributions for the payment, of the clergy in a common fund ; but such a plan is by far the best, and ought to be carried out wherever practicable. The clergy themselves they do find in this matter and it is certainly worth their while to promote the organisation which lends to secure their own iiidopcntlciico ; and, in the same time, brings the members of the church into closer union. Whatever may be the arrangement, I trust. that the members of the Church generally will consider themselves bound to carry it out by all the means in their power. We may have our own idea of what is good, and be reluctant to depart from it but it is far better for ourselves, and for the cause we have at heart, to co-operate in that which we may not fully approve, than to lose time and waste strength in a vain endeavor to force our views on officers, or to weaken the cause by withdraw- ing our help. Everything but principle should be sacrificed for internal peace and unity of action. Our position in a colony makes this duty of following after peace most imperative upon us. We do not possess the sources of strength which serve the cause of the Church at home, and should endeavour to make up for our deficiencies in numbers by that union, without which strength cannot be. We are necessarily separated from others ; let us be true to ourselves. If the Reformation be a blessing, no can have no communion with a church which denies our baptism, our orders, and our faith, and which will admit of union upon no other (means than our reception of fond things vainly invented and grounded upon no warranty of scripture, but rather repugnant to the Word of God." Some of us can unite with members of other denominations in the distribution of that Sacred Volume which we, in common with them, believeth be inspired by the Holy Ghost, and whose translation in the authorised version we all receive, but our book of common prayer, Four form of public worship, our episcopal government, and our orders which we ' value is precious gifts, handed down to us from the earliest ages of the Church, and preserved to us by the pro- vidence of God, these, which are the bonds of union amongst ourselves, necessarily keep us distinct from others. Nor shall we lose respect or influence by consistent adherence to the principles and ceremonial of our church, A church which upholds the sufficiency of Holy Scripture for salvation, which receives and believes the ancient creeds of the Church universal, which touches that we are accounted righteous before God only for the merit of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ by faith, and not for our own works or deserving, a Church which is confessedly the strong bulwark of Christendom against the pretensions und aggressions of the Church of Rome, may well engage the sympathy and prayers of all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. And surely it is possible to maintain our own position without breach of that charity that rejoices in the truth. Only let the spirit of love be cherished, let all our things be done in charity, and peace will be maintained between those who have one common end in view and are seeking to bring souls to the knowledge and obedience of the true faith. If no are careful to maintain a deep sense of the responsibilities and proper duties of our office, endeavoring to approve of ourselves to a heavenly master, it will be a small thing with us to be judged of man's judgment ; we shall neither have time or disposition to contend with those who differ from us. As much as lieth in us, and if it be possible, we shall live peaceably with all men. to. add a four brief observations of a practical character. To my brethren in the ministry, I say give attention to raiding, That your discourses may be full of matter. Take heed to your delivery, C your manner, the composition and arrangement of your discourses, that no just exception be taken against you in these particulars. ' "With us as ministers of God's'. Word," and in His I t House, nothing can be unimportant that influences our hearers, or disposes them to unite with us more fervently or intelligently in our common prayer. So much in private prayer. The religious services in which we are constantly engaged make it needful for us to exercise vigilance, lest familiarity with sacred things should induce coldness, formality, and indifference. The remedy is with the heart. Reviewing its spirituality and vigor at the throne of grace, by union with our Divine Head, by supplies of the Spirit, who is the spirit of grace and supplying tion, and who helped our infirmities by helping us to pray. In society be watchful over yourselves. You can never divest yourselves of your sacred office and it should not appear that you wish to do this. Our Lord went into society, but He was ever the same His discourses grave, natural, instructive, faithful. So often in the house of mourning and the chamber of' sickness. For ourselves and others these are opportunities which should never be lost. Our best lessons for the pulpit are learned in ministering to the poor, the sick, and the dying. Make much of time. Let it be felt by you to be one of the great responsibilities laid upon you to use it might to be filled up for God, for His church, for your own Bonis. Ever have some useful devot tonal work at blind, so as to keep up a prayerful, thoughtful spirit. keep the end in view, At present we are in the way. Distinctions, temptations, and cares continually vitals to throng our path, obscure our vision and occupy our minds. Get above and beyond them, by thought and meditation upon the end, the great, the glorious, the blessed end. Are ive, indeed, serving a Heavenly Master, engaged in His work, seeking His glory, looking for his appearing ? then happy are we. We may be tim until, wearied, misunderstood. We may be disappointed in some two trusted, or in others of whom we hoped better things, but the day is at hand which will make' amends for all-the day of the revolution of the Son of God, when every cloud will be removed, when every difficulty will be solved, when we shall never make up ononiy-nor ever lose a friend, when our sins shall be forgotten, and our services remembered-when we shall know as we are known, and see us we are seen-when, with spirits wholly sanctified, andbodieslikounto the Redeemer's, we shall, through never ending ages, rejoice in the presence and service of our God. ' How small will then appear the matters that have greatly troubled us below, how short the path which erewhile seemed so long how full of grace and goodness the trials we encountered by the wayside- rich soil free the mercy which first tin-lined the heart to God how glorious and blissful the rest into which the Redeemer built Himself received anyhow full of joy and gladness of' deep humiliation and of training inherit raise the song in which we join when with anger and iiri'liangol, with prophet, martyr, said), with the highest and the lowest, who stand before the throne and before the Lamb, dad in the robe of' righteousness and bearing the palm of victory while with loud voice we say, " Salva- tion to our God, which sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb." At the conclusion of the address, the service was proceeded with by the Bishop of Brisbane reading the prayers. The Lord's Supper was then administered to it large numbers of communicants. ing add To TJ ADDRESS TO THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY. An address, numerously signed by the most influential members of the Church of England resident in Brisbane, was presented to the Right Reverend Prelate, in St. John's schoolroom, on Friday, July 22. There was a very large attendance of members of the Church, and the chair was occupied by the Right Rev. Bishop of Brisbane. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Bowen were present, and Chief Justice Cockle, the hon. R. G. W. Herbert (Colonial Secretary), the Hon. T. de Lacy Moffatt (Cold wind Treasurer), the hon. Colonel O'connell (President of' the Legislative) Council), The hon. J. Bramston, M.L.C., H. Buckley, Esq. (Audi- tor General), It. R. Mackenzie, Esq., M.L.A., J. Douglas, Esq., M.L.A., and a large number of ladies and gentlemen. The CIIAIHSIAN, having offered up prayer, said that it required no words of his to bring before thonoticoof the meeting the object for which they had been called together-that of presenting an address to his right reverend brother and not ropolitan. It was much to be regretted that the distant portions of the colony had been deprived of the advantages derivable from the personal presence and conversation of his right reverend brother-as the extent of his visit would not permit it. But the members of the Church of England in Brisbane had obtained till the more benefit in con sequence of that fact. He (Bishop Tttf well) believed that every congregation in the municipality had been made aware of the Having truths of Christ unity by his right reverend brother, whose forcible and convincing language was well calculated to bring home the truth to the hearts of his follow men. He (Bishop Tuf well) would call upon his Excellency the Governor to read the address. It is Excellency proceeded to read the follow address: run RtoitT RBVKIIUNI) FATHER IN Don, FitiiiiKitro, BY DIVINE PIIIUIISSIOX, BISHOP OF' SYDNEY AND METROPOLITAN. "We, the undersigned members of the United Church of England and Ireland, resident in the colony of Queensland, and diocese of fire-brand-, desire to approach your lordship with the expression. of our affectionate respect for your office and person, and of our love and devotion to the church over which it has pleased God to make you the chief pastor in the continent of Australia. "We feel much pleasure and satisfaction in welcoming your lordship on the occasion of your first visit to this diocese, We (bal confident that your experience and advice will, under the blessing of providence, render great assistance to our own record bishop In removing many of the difficulties attendant on the establishment of our church in this colony and more especially in organising such a system of administering its temporalities, through the conjoint action of the clergy and laity, as may give due publicity and stability to its financial position, and may thereby increase its claims upon the Christian liberality of its members. " With our earnest prayers for your health and happiness, We remain, my Lord, "Your faithful servants and brethren in " Christ." The BISHOP or SYDNEY said that he had. pro; pared a written) reply, which he would read, after which he would deliver a few remarks on the principal topics contained in the address. The written reply wits as follows t " To the Members of the United Church of England and Ireland, resident in the colony of Queensland, and diocese of Brisbane, who have addressed me on the occasion of my visit to the diocese. " My dear Friends thank you very cor- dally for the expression of your affectionate respect for my office and person, and am i\\\\\\\e)\ gratified to find that the, iron-hard the Church of England form so large and influential a proportion of the population of Queensland. " In the older dioceses of Australia, the visit of the metropolitan has been the means, under God's blessing, of Uniting and strengthening the Church, and I trust that the same results will follow on the present occasion, " I am persuaded that the measures taken by your own reverend bishop for meeting the financial difficulties of the church, in a colony where state-aid does not exist, are thus far prudent and successful. The further and adequate endowment of the sea, and the formation of a common fund for church purposes, in connection with the Church Society, are matters in which I do not doubt that your cordial co-operation will be given. " The help and counsel of the lay members of the Church are essentially necessary for the success of our endeavors to promote the cause of religion and education in our dioceses. The precise manner in which this co-operation may be best secured is a question of some difficulty ; but for myself, and my right reverend brother, I can affirm that we are most anxious that the laity should be joined with us in the administration of the temporal affairs of the church. "I nut grateful for the kindness and attention with which I have been received, and with my earnest prayer that the blessing of God may rest upon you, and that the righteousness which exalteth a uni ion may be the inheritance of your children's children to nil succeeding ages. " I remain, " My dear friends, " Your faithful and affectionate servant in Christ, F. STONEY, (M)." nis Loitnsnir, after a few preliminary remarks, proceeded to state that he intended to take the opportunity afforded him by a suggestion of his right reverend brother, their own bishop, to make a few- remarks in a familiar manner on the principal topics suggested by the address. He would first advert to that portion of it which expressed a hope that his presence would conduce to the stability of the financial affairs of the Church, no might state that one of his objects in visiting Brisbane this that he might be able to help the Bishop and members of the Church of England, in all things, high and low. He was thankful to know that an opportunity would be afforded to the members of the church by his right reverend brother of forming their own judgment as to the disposition of the funds which had been entrusted to his care. He had written to let tor to Colonel O'Connell, which would be read by that gentleman, at the conclusion of his (the bishop s) address. That letter contained a lucid account of the financial condition of the church. It must be understood that there were two funds in connection with the church-the endowment fund, and a special fund which had been collected by the bishop himself. He (Bishop Barker) intended to say a few words with reference to each of those funds. He thought it was doubtful if the members of the Church was aware of the extent to which the eildon ment fund had been assisted in Queensland the total amount had not reached 6500, which sum had been invested by the committee in such a manner that, it would shortly amount to £2000 ; but up to the E résout into the income of the bishop had not been increased by either the principal or interest. The income of the bishop miss derived from the Burn of £5000, which had been secured by the Bishop of Newcastle as an endowment for the BOO. The interest of' That amount, £200 flavour, was the whole of the income derived from the endowment of the see, augmented by a sum been collected in England. By the exercise of grant economy, and by living at a parsonage instead of episcopal residence, the bishop had hitherto avoided falling into difficulties, such us in- debtedness,' or anticipating his income by spending any portion of the capital. He (Bishop Barker) trusted that the statement made in the letter referred to would be satisfactory, so that they might be enabled to take all vintage of the further sum which he had referred to, in order that the affairs of the Church might be put in a position worthy of the greatness of the colony. Before proceeding further he would observe that it was necessary to keep in mind the trade and obvious distinction which existed between an endowment fund and a fund called ed in England by the bishop from his personal friends, or from other sources, to be applied by him to various objects. It was usual for colonial bishops to maintain the entire control of money so collected, or if any explanation was accorded as to what was done with the money, it was given to those by whom it had been contributed, and to no one else. It was true, circumstances might arise which would make it desirable that some statement should be given, and it appeared to his right reverend brother that the time had now arrived. He (Bishop Barker) did not think it was always prudent that publicity should be given to nil thill had been done, or how money had been expended. However, for a general state moral as to how the interest on £5000 had been expended they were indebted to the bishop himself. Much depended upon the prudence and management of money entrusted to colonial bishops, which it was easy to expound in fifty different ways, and it would be found that the bishop, instead of having expended the capital sum had used the interest in bringing clergymen to the colony, paying stipends where they were not provided by the people, besides assisting in the erection and maintenance of schools in different portions of his diocese, and had really not touched The capital at all. he might observe that according to the bishop's letter, £1000 of the amount he had collected in longitude would be added to the endowment of the sea, provided that it was met by another £1000 collected iii the colony, in addition to the JJ2QQ0 which was to be augmented by the Colonial Bishoprics' Council. There could be no doubt but that much more good could be done, provided that the fund could be relieved from the charges some of which at present existed on it. For instance, if it could be relieved from the outlay necessary for the maintenance of' schools. It has much to bcrcgratlod that some change could not be effected. Looking at the matter as he was best able to do, both before and since his arrival in Queensland, he must say that he saw no reason why some principle of' harmonious action could not be devised by which the bishop might be enabled to work with the Education Board itself. In Ireland the latter had been attempted and successful, the principle which had been adopted being that of the national System divided into vested and non- vested schools. If in Ireland Hint system was carried out, surely there was no reason why it should be a failure in this colony. What objection could be made ; it was desired that a good general education should be given to all classes ; they (the Church of England) desired the same thing. The speaker proceeded to argue that an arrangement might be made by which the children of the members of the Church of England would be in a position to participate in the advantages of a system of education assisted by the state that clergymen of various denominations might be allowed to visit the schools, and impart religious instruc- tion during school hours. In his opinion, religious instruction was the bottom of all education, and he did not think it right that certain persons should, as it were be crushed out for desiring to afford religious instruction to their children in mind it ion to that imparted by the Board of Education. There was another question which he did not think it right he should pass over, with reference to the management of the financial affairs of the church, and it was a question of the last importance to the well being of the colony, to the support of the clergy. Now that no state-aid was given to religion it behoved them to take earnest steps in the matter. In Scotland, when all aid from the state was taken away from the Presbyterian clergymen, an experiment had been tried at the instigation of the great and good Dr. Chalmers, which had proved eminently successful. The principle was that every parish paid into a common fund a sum of money sufficient to support a minister, and in many cases much more was paid. " Out of that common fund the eloquent and attractive preacher in Edinburgh was paid, £200 a-year, and the same sum was paid to ministers in the Highlands, and other parts of' Scotland. Sometimes more than £200 was paid, in no case less. By that means, not only were the salaries of the ministers secure, but man's schemes-as the members of that church delighted to call them wore successfully carried out. There were perhaps many difficulties in the way of carrying out such a system in the diocese of Brisbane. The people of Port Denison, for instance, might be reluctant to send down a sum of money in order that their minister might be paid £300 per annum out of a common fund. No doubt they would imagine that the treasurer would transmit it, or make something of it, so that they would not get it back in the shape of a salary to a minister at Rockhampton or Port Denison. However, that might be, he (the Bishop could confidently recommend the adoption of a similar system to that which he referred to. He believed that the existence of a common fund, directed by a Church Society in Brisbane, and contributed to by the various congregations throughout the colony, would prove very satisfactory, indeed. Ministers' salaries would be secured in such a manner as to enable them to be paid a cheque every quarter-day, as in Sydney. Instead of being paid directly by their congregations, they would be placed in a position of quasi independence. Besides, the members of the church in the colony would feel they possessed a common centre and a common union. In the diocese of Sydney there was £8000 in the hands of the Church Society, out of which sum £2700 was at the disposal of the committee of the Church Society, which consisted of the principal clergy and laity of the * diocese to do what they liked with. The speaker went on to argue that great advantage would result from the formation of a church society in Queensland, and said that if every member of the church, young and old, were to pay one shilling per month, there would be an ample funds at the disposal of the society. He believed in the working of a common system of synodical action, and proceeded to detail at length the exertions which he had made and was about to make in order to promote the system in New South Wales. There was no doubt that when the time came it would be wise that people living in the remote districts of the colony should Bond down representatives to Brisbane to confer upon church affairs, and that a synod should be formed consisting of representatives of the clergy and laity. He believed that no one was more willing to adopt such a system than his right reverend brother, who was of' opinion that no better plan could be adopted in the management of the financial affairs of the Church. He (Bishop Barker had not much more to dilate upon. He might state that he felt very thankful when he heard of the meeting which was held in that room some time ago, in order that Bishop Patteson might name an opportunity of explaining to the members of the church in Brisbane matters in reference to the Melanesian mission. That mission was likely to have a marked effect in assisting any efforts which might be made on behalf of the aborigines of the colony. The condition of the aborigines mis n perplexity, and a reproach. to (Bishop Barker) trusted that the efforts of Bishop Pat reason it could succeed in helping materially to solve the difficulty and roll away the reproach. It was, therefore, to be hoped that the clergy and lily of the Church of England would unite their endeavors to assist him in carrying out his intention. But the mission of Bishop J*atte-oi( was not alone sufficient for the work. It would be very desirable, if possible, to secure the services of a Christian body which was exception able in character, and n those missionary operations must secure the sympathy of all Protestants. He referred to the Moravian, whose missions had been so successful in all parts of the world, and who would doubtless be of essential service in extending the blessed truths of Christianity to the aborigines. He concluded an eloquent peroration, in the course of of which he exhorted the members of the Church that unity and prayer were absolutely necessary to success, by handing the letter of Bishop Tufnell to Colonel O'Connell for that gentleman to read. Colonel O'CoNNer/, expressed himself as being much gratified at the confidence in him which had been manifested by asking him to become a medium of communication between the bishop and members of the Church. However, as the light was bad, and as the writing of the right reverend gentleman must be more legible to himself than anybody else, he (Colonel O'connell) would ask him to be kind enough, to read it. '* Bishop TUFNELL, proceeded to read the letter, as follows i St. John's Parsonage, July 21st, 1864. My Dear Colonel O'Connell's have been told that some members of the Church in my diocese have been deterred from responding to the appeal which was addressed to them by the committee who kindly undertook to endeavor to raise a fund for the augmentation of the en detriment of the see of Brisbane by the two for toning considerations i- , 1st. That they did not know what was the amount already provided, and how it was invested and scoured to the zoo. , 2nd That large sums of money were supposed to be in the hands of the bishop for the general purposes of the Church and as you ? near kindly one of those in whose names the original endowment of the sea was remitted to the colony by the Colonial Bishoprics' Council in England, I have thought, and others have < thought with me, that it would be well if I was to take the opportunity of addressing to you for the information the members of the Church generally, a, letter containing a simple statement with regard to endowment of the bishopric, and the English monies placed at my disposal. ' The endowment of the Bee at present consists of the following items :- £ < s. d. ' Original endowment . 6000 0 O' Collected by the committee in Queensland. 1408 9 55 Gran from the Colonial Bishoprics' Council to meet £1000 raised by the trustees in the colony ... 500 0 0 Contributions received by the ' ' bishop in England, with some which were modeled after the arrival of the bishop in the a colony 1764 13s 8' This last sum is placed at the ' ' ' ' disposal of the bishop to be by ' him applied at his, discretion either for the endowment of of the see or towards providing a ' residence for the bishop. ' Upon my first arrival in the diocese my spies- ' copul income consisted of £200 per annum, paid (j to me half-yearly by the Colonial Bishoprics, Council as the interest of the £6000 j "and pro- posed to the council that the £6000 should bear remitted for investment in the colony, offering to give a bond to the council for the security or', this capital sum if so remitted. This was not considered necessary but in April, 1863,';£498T' 10s. was remitted to the colony (representing the £5000) in the names of the bishop," the'', Hon. Colonel O'connell and Mr. Robert Little, and I was authorised to invest this sum either in the purchase of lands of growing value, of its. first mortgages, to not more than half the value, of the sand the investment to be in the name, of the bishop and his successors. Of this tom",, £4000 has been invested in tost-nortg-**,-**-,:,, approved of by Mr. Little, and stoning of the ? name of the bishop and his successors-, jHd a.;,.. balance of £400 will be so invested, v. ,()#¿ ;, The sum of £1700, collected by the bishop in England, and of £600 contributed by the Colonies the fund in Queensland, amounted on the 2nd of February, 1864, to £1458 9s. 6d., which arises partly from the. contributions received in the colony and partly from the accumulating interest arising from the investment of these monies. The annual interest of these monies as it arises should, I presume, strictly speaking, here from time to time been handed over to the bishop in augmentation of his annual income ; but as it was represented to me as being the wish of the trustees, and it would be for the eventual benefit of the see, I have been content that they should for the present be permitted to accumulate as an augmentation of the endow ' ment. The honorary secretary, Mr. Buckley to whom I feel that the see is much indebted for his exertions in the matter informs me that I may reckon upon the interest of this money becoming available for the maintenance of the bishop in the course of the year 1865. I may ' add that I have made arrangements with regard to my private estate, by which, I think, it is scarcely possible that, in the event of my death any loss could arise to the see with reference to these mortgages ; and eventually, I presume, it will be desirable that the endowment should be vested either in land or in government securities. With regard to the monies which were collected by my personal exertions, with the assistance of kind friends in England, and the appropriation of which has (with the exception of some donations for special purposes been placed in my disposal, I find that on the 19th of May, 1852, when I forwarded a statement of the account for circulation amongst the contributors in England, it stood as follows. After the payment of the following items, viz. outfit and passages of \- clergy, 332 11s. 7d. ; church buildings, £371 19s. 4d. ; schools, £135 ; books, £92 12s. 5d. j clergy stipends and sundry expenses, £207 17s. 9d. ; printing, £9 Is. 6d. in all, £1652 2s. 7d., there remained in my hands the capital sum of £4577, which produces an annual income of £420; and that interest and the principal, if necessary, are responsible for the maintenance of school teachers in my diocese, the passages of clergy from England, the supplying any deficiencies which may arise in the guaranteed stipends of clergymen, and other incidental ox . penses. Hitherto I have happily been able to avoid diminishing the capital sum, as I have been further assisted by the receipt from England of annual subscriptions, which were promised to me for five years, but which have now expired; and in future I shall, I fear, find it necessary to draw upon my capital, unless I am able to carry out my purpose of (God willing) visiting England in 1865, and can then obtain from English friends a renewal of assistance. I trust, however, that by the hearty co-opera- tion of the clergy and laity, our Diocesan Church Society may ere long be brought into such working efficiency and order as to be able to give effectual assistance towards the erection of church buildings ; the maintenance, in whole or in port of additional clergy, especially of some whose duty it should be to itinerate in the interior of the colony; the providing the outfits and passages of clergy and candidates for holy orders ; a mission to the aborigines and other important works which our Diocesan Church ought, in dependence upon the Divine blessing, to endeavor to take in hand, if we are in any way to attempt to fulfil the duty which we owe to that large number of our fellow-countrymen whom we are inviting to people the interior of the colony, and to the native races of the land. I still continue to hope our difficulties with the Board of General Education may ere long be so adjusted that our schools may no longer be debarred from participating in the benefits to be derived from the parliamentary grant, begins, to an efficient system of secular instruction we desire to add that element of a sound religious education which we in our consciences believe to be of primary importance. In collecting the English funds to which I have before adverted, I had not intended to appropriate any portion of them to the endow- ment of the Bee for reasons which I need scarcely mention ; but as the circumstances and endowment of the see are not such as I expected that they would beat the into when I received the intimation of her Majesty's gracious' pleasure to confer upon me the appointment, and as the endowment of the son is a matter of primary importance, I feel sure that my English friends will approve of my saying that I shall be prepared to appropriate £1000 as an augmentation of the enforcement of the bishopric, whenever the committee in the colony are able to provide on endowment of £1000 in addition to the original £2000 which the Colonial Bishoprics' Council have kindly promised to augment. Believe me, my dear Colonel O'Connell, Very truly, yours, E. W. BRISBANE. Chief Justice COCKLE rose and said he hoped that before the meeting dispersed some means would be taken of show big their appreciation of the efforts which had been made by their metropolitan on behalf of the Church, and he would more accordingly. He considered that the various Australian colonies had reason to be proud of their metropolitan. ' Colonel O'CONNELL seconded the motion. Mr. SBEFHGBO SMITH rose and addressed the meeting at some length, to the effect that he hoped the present system of church government would not long continue to exist in the colony that some practical result would ensue from the suggestions which had been made at t last, meeting, and which had, no doubt, been dictated by experience. He, as other lay members of the church, could not but acknowledge that the operations of the church had been very successful. But he could not accept the fact, without further inquiry, that the success had been so great as it might have been under the best possible management. Although many clergymen had been brought out from home, he scarcely thought that their circumstances were such as the colony might be proud of. He did not consider that the Diocesan Church Society, of which he had been treasurer since it was started, west, at the present time, anything but a dead letter. No proper organisation existed by which the clergy and laity were afforded an opportunity of giving expression to their feelings on the affairs of the church. He believed that if the majority of the members of the Church were asked they would say that the church government had consisted of the bishop, and the bishop alone. There were many questions affecting temporalities of the Church in which the laity should have a voice with reference to many Important trusts, c. There was an impression on the minds of the laity that the bishop had an inexhaustible fund upon which he could draw for any purpose. He (Mr. Smith) differed in opinion from the rev. The metropolitan that the bishop should account only to the people of England for funds subscribed by them. It was very objectionable, indeed, that any secret funds should be in possession of the bishop. He, as a member of the Church of England, resident in the colony, would much rather not accept of the money collected in England on behalf of the Church, if by so doing the bishop would be backed up by a secret fund, in the disposal of which no one but himself had a voice. He considered it to be only right that all funds at his disposal should be accounted for, if not administered, by a council of the Church. He (Mr. Smith) was very glad to know that a statement had been made a portion only of which he had heard, and he trusted that that statement would be published. In conclusion, he would express his wish that before the right reverend the metropolitan left the colony, some steps would be taken towards the formation of a synod, without which he was afraid that the present condition of the church would scarcely be improved. Bishop BARKER expressed himself as being moon indebted to Mr. Smith for the observations he had made. It was much more gratify- ing to know that a gentleman should have the manliness to come forward and say what he felt than (bit ' be should write anonymous letters, containing matter of a very objectionable nature, farm not substantiated by the name of the writer. He (Bishop Barker had spoken to several of the gentlemen composing the laity of the Church to the propriety of establishing a sued at once, and they had all agreed with him that the time had not yet arrived when it would be wise to adopt that course of action. If clergy- men were, to be brought down from some of ttommnno*dis*»*of taw*oJcfl7tot4tond . synod, it would have the effect of virtually in- terdicting those districts, and the only resource that was left would be to appoint representatives as they did to parliament It was his intention to take necessary steps for the establishment of a synod, the preliminaries of which would occupy some time It was probable that the same amount of time would be consumed in the formation of a synod in Queensland, and, as the Bishop of Brisbane intended leaving for England in January next, it was only reasonable to suppose that no great loss would result by waiting until his return, otherwise it was possible they might do in haste what they would repent of at leisure What was necessary, in his opinion, was that steps should be at once taken to put the committee of the Church Society in possession of funds, when there would doubtless, be no lack of attendance at the various meetings which might be held to deliberate upon the manner in which the money should be spent There was no time like the present-let an amount of money be sober then and there was no doubt but that it would be disposed of Bates factory In conclusion, he found them to have confidence in one another, hand, labor of all, to have confident in God Bishop lurMiL said he was a warm advocate of Synodical action with regard 1 to the affairs of the church and he might state that during the visit of the right reverend the metropolitan to Brisbane he (Uediop turn II) had taken the opportunity of consulting the leading clergy and laity on the subject as they had been unanimous in declaring that in their opinion it would be premature to initiate the movement at the present time there are many difficulties in the way one of the principal of which was the trouble of getting the persons who would assist in the formation of a synod together However, it was his intention as soon as he possibly could to call together a conference whose b witness it would 1 be to deliberate upon the matter The Right Rev. eren 1 Metropolitan Bishop of ' Sydney pronounced the benediction, and the meeting separated 