MEMOIRS OF JANE CAMERON, A FEMALE CONVICT. Cattiia XX1I1. — Mary Loooir.'e Romance. Back once more amongst the old companion*, Ja re's tr.t question eu concerning Mary Loggie. i tod say one seen her lately ? Had the been playing a trick upon her 5 Had any one heard anything of a carpenter'? There had been rumoura flying about the clows concerning Mary Loggie, and her withdrawal Irom the old profeaaion. No one had aeen her lately, and WIIIBICTB ABU Droutri, WDO WtIC ?«» »I» prafottfid equal ignorance. Most ihe thieves hid heard of her having married a carpenter at the other end of the town j but no one beliered that atory. That Wan a 'bit of bounce' on Mary Loggia*. part; ehe had got amongst a freeh lot across bridge— probably the water- thieves— men who lurk about the river in boa's, or hang about the wharves, and see what is to be picked up when sailors' backs are turned ; or elee Mary Loggie had talked over some drunken fellow, and was keeping bouse for him for awhile, until he tired of her, and kicked hir into tbo street, or she tired at him, end made eff one flue nigh', with the saleable contents of the establishment. They should bear of her presently, and meanwhile they were not curious conctming her movements ; ehe was a terrible liar at the b£6t.of timet. Jane Cameron proceeded to business in a cautious manner, Tricon life was more objectionable to her than to the majority of her contemporaries— ehe feared it more. She was losing a chance, her ' pals ' told her ; but she had learned caution in a hard school ; and the thief is alwaya cartful for the Ural few weeks after a long sentence. Jane Cameron was on her guard -for the flist few months, and therefore lived hard. Ann Hyan bad come out of prison by this time, and had joined Jane and two others in a 'house' in a dote; but Ann Ryan's ' style ' wre eomewhnt ob jectionable, and they did not agree very well. Ann Jlyan, sa oiieady stated, was opinionated, and was alway a piofleiing advice. 'She got the upper hand somehow,' was Jane Cameron's remark t ?? try all we could, there vrasna keeping her Aoon.' Ann Ryan had had a better education th&n; those she contorted with, end was proud of her superior ity. Prom all that lever learned of Cameron, this Ryan was a clever thief, of whom the rest were jea lous. She wss fond of disguises— shifting from silks to rage, according to the iocsiity which she intended to pstioniee for the night, and seldom returning home without some spoil unlawfully acquired. If she lured any one to the cloie, the drink was brought out, the ' sleepy stuff ' was dropped into the whitky, the man was robbed, carried down stairs at a convenient hour, and itft in the court, or up ihe common stair of another close, and no one heard any snore of the result. 'He wao sure to wake up dared, snd nt'er ken whoie be had been taken to — it happens every nicht in Qlaegie. Trouble did come out o' it now and then, not el a a'.' Trouble came out of it to Jane Cameron, as will be presently seen — the greatest trouble of her life, and yet the (rouble that in its own way, and after some years, led to so much that give a turn to her chsracttr. Jane Cameron had been out of prison three or fuur months— it was the depth of winter, and she was seventeen years of age, and looked live-ond-twcnty — when one morning she met Maty Loggie on Hutchr - aon'e Bridge. Jane had strayed that way in a listleee fashion— ehe had had a headache from deep drinking yesternight, and had ventured forth in search of fnsh air, whin she came fuse '.o face with the old friend. The old friend was well but p'ainly dres'ed, and there wac so quiet and netr a look upon her face, that Jane did not recognise her until she had passed her. 'Whtn she had gone by, Jane felt a lit 'le aggrieved at the ' cut direct,' and turned and looked after her. Mary Loggie hod increased her pace, as though she bad been afrsid of Jane following her ; but Cameron jnettly stood on the pavement, and gazed at the re iedii?e figure of her whom she had liked beet in the worltf. At l'-U moment Mary Jasggie looked over her shoulder, paused, pnd then turned and came rapidly back. 'Jennie !' 'Maty I' Jennie shock the outstretched hatiil of, the past friend, snd continued to stare at the traneibirma'otl before her — the Glasgow stri et- walker and tbief tuC a' morphoted to the decently- clad, quiet-looking woman. 'It vu 6 mystery herd to guesB at, but J ane Cameron believed the story thai Mary Loggie had written to her then. ' How ve're altered !' she gasped. 'Ay cotm this wa' ower the bridge, snd let me talk to ye a bit.' .... - . , v Jane crossed the bridge with Mary Loggie, snd the t i-ilcra-it pals turned to tbe left, towards the Broomie law. ' It's a' true then, Mary ? 'That I'm married ? ay !' . 'How did ye murage it'r How was it that ye dropped into luck'a way like that, and got a raal honest man to marry ye r' ... . ' It was strange. I never deserved it, Jennie. Somewhat exultingly, Mary Loggie told the story— which, being a strange one, and illustrative of a sudden turn fi'om evil to good, may be worth the dwelling upon in this place. 'WhilBt Jane Cameron was serving her time at Glasgow Prison, Maty Loggie had taken to cotton spinning again— hands had been wanted, the trade of thieving hBd been slack, and Mary joined the mill bands. , ... ,.... Here she became acquainted with a poor little factory girl— a delicate child, of ten or elev.n yens of age. Tins child fainted away one day in. the mill, and, alter recovering from her stupor, was too ill to con tinue her work for tbe day. Peeling still very Lin', Jla, v accompanied the child to her mother s house, whereat wss lodging at that period tbe carpenter who tcok a sudden fancy to Mary. The carpenter was out of woik and at home, and a conversation ensued be tween him and MBry before tbe latter went back to the mill. He was a middle-aged Englishman, who had recently croEsed thcTweed in seatch of better far tune, Maryascertaincd ; and he had hoped, in Glasgow, to find some distant relatives, who, however, had con trived to elude his search. Mary was a native of Glargow, and might recollect some one of the name— and Marv recollected one or two people in the city who bore the very name which he had been anxious to discover. The next day he met her coming from tbe mill, and told hei that he had called to tbank her for her information-that in Gotbals, whither Mary had sent him, he had alighted upon one second cousin, who was likely to find work for him in a week or two. So the intimacy commenced, and Mr. Simmons, the carpenter, began to cross Mary Loeeie's path with a suspicious frequency. Miry did not understand it for a while; he wasaplsm, matter-of-fact man, who paid no compliments, and put one or two awkward questions to Marv, that were difficult to answer. One day he asked her where she was living — how she managed to live on the money earned at the cotton-mill. Maty told him that she went shares in one room down a close, and that she had no relatione in the world. When he informed her that he was a widower, and had had one hele child, who had died before it was five yearn old, Marv begw to suspect th.it he bid takw ft fancy to her ; and when he asked her one afternoon if she would go to church with him next Sunday, ehe felt ready to buret out crying, with a strange, new sense of happiness. It was all true ; a steady and induBtrioua man had taken to her, knowing nothing of her guilty antece dents. There were no heroic qualifications in Mary Loggie— she was not courageous enough to tell the truth, fir 'afford even a glimpse of the truth, when there was no longer any doubt of Mr. Bimmona'a in tentioni. There was even a conccntrative selfishness in wishing to be his wife at any hazard, and in chancing the 4' Immanent which, whilst she remained in Glasgow, might happen at any moment. Still she wwan ignorant girl, and the temptation was groat. It was the inducement of leading an honest life, becoming an honest woman— and that was a new and strange temptation which wa» irresistible. She did not tnink of blighting his life, only of changing h-Lrt^sddinher favour, that this man had won her heart— that the honest middle-aged man had flattered her by his affection, and wroughta revolution in every thought of hers. If she married him, she felt certain that she could make bun happy, and settle down to his quiet home; and if he never found oat ?the truth, the and he would lead a very happy life to ' She was afraid to be seen at night in the High Btteet after that, lest he should meet her there ana see who wrre her associates. She gave up stealing, snd feigned illness, In order to keep within doors— she took the first opportunity of leaving the doss in which due had been located, and taking shelter with honest poverty by way of a change. Every hour away from him was a suspense ; every time she met him she ex pected that he would tell her that he had discovered the truth, and never wished to see her again. Bat he gsspscied nothing ; he believed her story about being clone in the world ; he took pity upon her den la'.e- a nets, end he asked her one day to he hiB wife. k Mary Loggie accepted him — married him, and they a lock a room on the Gorbals side of Hutcheson's e Bridge, where they hid lived ever since, and where - Mary Loggie would hive been wholly happy, had not r the shadow of the one fear ever beset her. i '?1 dinna cross tbe bridge mairaften than I can help, i Jane, for fi ar o' meetin tbe auld faces. And I would - gee t» a miles oot o' my ws rather than gae down 1 High-eucet,' said Mary. 1 '? 'Ve're eorty tno' tone me then, Mary ?' i 'I'd rothcr ece ye than any ane else. Ye will na telle' me?' i ' Nn fa the world.' i They rimaintd talking together for 6omc time, and i then Maty Loggie did i very foolish thing, considering 1 that the w as alraid of the 'auld acquaintance' — ol' the byegoni s following her up and denouncing lier. ; 6b e was proud of her new position in life, and she had confidence in Jane CameroD. Jane Cameron had been r always htr friend, one iu whom Btae could trust— she felt a dctire to take Jane home during her husband's 1 sbsence, and show her what a nice comfortable room she bad. Just for once — if Jane would come, before tbey parud for evct ! Jane hesitated, more for Mary I-oggie's take than her own ; but Marv pres-cdthe in viution upon her. There was nothing to fear— her husband would not be home till one o'clock ; so the friends turned back, crossed the bridge, and went on to MBry Loggie'a lodging. Chaiteb XXIV. — Mary's Home. Mre, Simmons, n«'e Loggie, rented apartments in s small house st tbe bick of Pelham-street. She had fiut the Clyde bet seen her snd the old haunts ; to ivc ' over the water ' was at least Eome sort of security. Mary, in her neatly- trimmed bonnit and decent drees, was a strange contrast to the bare-headed, !ocie!y-clad companion at her side. Jsne suggested, as they walked along, that she was hatdly fit for her now. 'Hoot awa'— I'm na st harae vri' a bonnet on yet, Jennie,' ehe replied ; adding, ' Here's the Iigosc, and tbcrt's nane to meet us snd apeer aboot ye.' Mar y opened the door with her key, and the two old ' pale ' went upstairs to the room on the first flou — a large room, {otmirg 'bedroom, parlour and all' — plainly furnished, but, in its size snd general appearance, a palace to the astonished eyes of Cameron. 'Thrre, Jenny, is na that a bonny hoose ?' ' It just le !' replied Jane. ' Hit down and tek a good luke at it— luiie at the carpc-t, snd tbe rosea on tbe well, lassie.' Jtnciut down, letltd her hunda on her knees, and looked round ber very attentively. 'Faith, Mary, ye are a lucky girl,' she gasped at last. 'IiVna like the 'Vcnnel.' 'Naethin' like it — naethin',' Jant's dctiriplion of this new ' hoose,' of iter feel ings at the sight of it, of the envy that stoic into her heart and disturbed h(r equanimity, 1 should have liked to letdown in her own broad Scotch accent — it aflbtda an in tight into that natural character which adverse circumstances had waipcd and distorted. the felt as if she would have liktd to have had a good cry at Mary'e luck— then aggrieved that Mary should have attained to such an eminence above her, ar.d been made an honest woman by doing so little to costive it. There was a lump in iter throat which she thought would suffocate her, and her knees knotktd together in a strange manner that was al tcgethcr unaccountable. Here was the contrast between honesty and vice, and etc felt how far she had drifted away from all that was good and praiseworthy, and how past praying aud hoping for she web 'I ne'er kenned how vers bad 1 wae until that cay,' the confessed; 'and what msde inc feci eac . savage for a week wsb, that Mary Loggie had na deserved it.' Still Jane Cameron was not an envious girl, and the i first parg6 over, her evil temper subsided, and she 1 congratulated Msry, in her own fashion, upon the riee r in life for kcr. And Mary, who had strangely altered for the belter, laughed and cried, told Jane of her r feare lest the truth should escape, and her husband 1 turn her out of doors, spoke of her love for this con fiding, haid-working, earnest man, whom she was i Hying to deserve by a new and exemplary life. 1 It was not a atory of everyday occurrence— the , i moral was at least a had one for Jane Cameras, who i caw en old acquaintance raised to the greatness of being a carpenter's wife without an effort on h-r own nart. XUpentaLce fur the past came after the ' good tac* ' anv tnc r.yd bae turned better iu sic a hsmp,' wWtfl Vsmeron. . Tfcty Spent a Ibhfe while together ; it was to ke,tiei1 last meeting, and Marv had a great deal to tei, ..p-c of her fears in particular, lest her sisters should call upon her and assert their relationship, or her brothers should discover her whereabouts. The time sped on without much heed being taken ; there was Mary's set of best china ten-things to inspect, her Sunday gown for 'k'rk,' her shoes for Sunday, the real bed w hich she had to lie on now. The bed was not quite all their property yet-it was being pud for in weekly instalments, but they were getting on, and her ' auld man, God WtSB him !' had been in full work for the last thirteen weeks. And, in tbe midst of Mary's display of household treasures to her enrapt observer, Air. Simmons came home ten minutes before his time, and found a Glasgie loisie sitting cn the edge of a chair, talking to his young wife. ' That's his step,' Mary bad said when his feet wire heard ccmirg up the stairs. ' My God, Jeunie, sit ye still, and say naethin, or it's a' up wi' me I' Jane's last remnant of envy or discontent vanished away, and fear for Mary was the sole sensation re maining. She felt that she could have done anything for Maty Loggie's eake—toli any falsehood to screen her from discovery, and keep her from returning ts that dark life whence Bhe had emerged. 'But I felt it war s rtarro squesk then, aud my heart beat unco' fast.' Mr. SimmonB entered — a middle-aged man, with a fierce expression of countenance, with iron-grey whiskers, and eyes that were very sharp and piercing — and looked hard at Jane Cameron, who rose, and in her cmbarreesment dropped a curtsey — the curtsey which she hsd been sceustomed to make in Glasgow Triton to the governor, chaplain, head warder, matron, aid ail visiters. The caipcnter stared at Jsne's respectful de meBnour, end then turned to hie wife, who was standing by the msntel-piece looking as white as a ghost. ' This is Jennie Smith, who used to work wi' me at the cotton-mill, John,' she said, suddenly dashing at en explanation ' I met her on the brig, and brought lier hatr.e to see my new hooae,' 'How do you do, Miss Smith?' he Baid, nodding his head towards hrrj «' tit dawn, my lass— you're ?welcome.' , , But Jane wan only anxious to be gone before he should ' get her face by heart,' before any awkward questions should be asked, and one lie lend to another, until (he whole fnlsc fabrication tottered over together. She was more eon fast d than Mary, would have be trayed more to a man inclined to be suspicious just thin ; but Mr. Simmons set it down to timidity und nervousness, and J&ughed; very heartily at Jane s anxiety to depart. . ' You need not be afraid of me, my girl, he said, cheerfully ; ' I eba'n't eat you. Won't run away— don't run away, just as if I'd frightened you out of the house.' ? And so be had. Jsne would listen to no entrenues to remain, but gathered htr shawl around her, and msde for the door and the staircase, without bidding even Mr. Simmons good day. Mary followed bet in the passage, and caught our heroine by the arm ; ehe was still white as death, with the homror of the fear that had beset her. ' Linn a coom again, Jennie— dinna ken me any mair, or I shall goe mad. Dinna tell ane that ye hae met me to-day. _ , , . , , Bhe did not shut the door after Jane, but stood watching her down the street— mtklng sure that crcty step took hex futhet find fftrther iway from the home where discevcry was death. TbiB was Mary Simmons'a firet trial— there was a second and worse ordeal to pats, as our next chapter will lelate. Chatter XXV.-The Ehd or the Hoiiancb. Mary SimmonB must have experienced the feelingB of Damocles during her stay in Glasgow, Large as t the city was— boosting then its three or four hundred thousand inhabitants- it was not possible to thread the streets without occasionally meeting Bome one who belonged to tbe life she had abjured. Try how she might, and study how she might, a face or two occasionally would meet here at which she recoiled, and the police on duty in the streets knew her still, and looked after her suspiciously, merely setting down her new aspect in society to a disguise by which society was to be snore fully imposed on . If her husband hid left Glasgow all would have been well, bat be had found a means of living there, and wss therefore inolined to remain. When Cameron had turned back wsith her to the Gorbale, Mary hal j told her how, on the preceding Sunday, her husband nd sbe had wslkid down High-street, ami how her reart had beaten with every step which took her j ilong the old field of guilty action, and pacsod the 1 intranets to the closes, whtrent so many of the old 1 lompanions were lingering. Bhe passed through un- i ecogniscd ; but it had been a terrible ordeal, and ; rooncr or later she felt something must occur to dash lown the screen between her and the truth. She was rot a strong-minded woman, and hsd not the courage r to confess all to her husband — she hoptd against 1 hope, and kept to her own tide of the river as much 1 is possible. i She had been close to tbe truth when her husband had come bome, end found Jane Cameron there, but I the hoped that she had escaped the revelation for ever r alter that — she was to tee Jsne Cameron no mote, and I her husband had faith in her. i But Cameron's part in the story wss not played out yet, and there was another act to'ensue. It is by tbe merest chance in the world that this etury oi Maty Loggie'e, stranger then fiction, finds its way into piint. Full of her own trials and troubles, Cameron would have proceeded steadily onwards with the recapitulation of htr own history, and have left i the characters which flit across her story to sink away without an explanation. ' And what became of Mary Loggie r' ' Ob, she married I' Had not the answer aroused her auditor's curiosity, the strange reciial of a women turned suddenly from evil would not have been afforded, and au interesting phase of human life been lost in consequence. Mary Loggie's romance ended in this fashion : — One Saturday night, Mr. Simmons wsb walking up the Bridgegate, when he came face to face with Jane Cameron. This was a month after the meeting with her at bis ow n room ; but his wsb a retentive memory, snd le recognised her at once. On her own ground, Jsne Cameron objected to the recognition, end felt embsrrasted by it. Moreover, she was not alone, but iu company with Ann Ryan, who was dressed ' Glatgie faehin,' with a shawl over her liend. About both girls there was somethingtus piciouf that evening — their hair was gloBsy with pomatum, their checks had a tinge of artificial colour ing, and there was a boldness in tbeir looks, telling uumistskably of the cruel life of the streets. Mr. SimmonB stared at Jane, snd then stopped, saying — ' Jennie Smith !' Jsne stammered out ' Mr. Simmons,' and asked nfttr Mary. ' She's quite well — where arc you going to late at nighti' ' Only a little way.' He lucked from her to Ann Ryan, who, seeing nothing unusual in this salutation, and accustomed to all degrees of company, asked if he would stand a wee drop of wbitky that cold February night. Jiue jerked i.er away by the arm, but it was too late ; Mr. ti.mmins's eyes distended at the remark, and at the impudent look by which it had been accompanied ? tbe suspicion of the honesty of bis companions settled cn his lace at once. '1 never drink whisky,' he replied: 'gtod night!' ' Ob '. gude nicht to ye fa b Bkinflint,' cried Ann Ryan, and appended to the remark a peal of derisive Inughttr, till Cameron began shaking her in the public strecte. ' Ye're a fuie, ye alwa' wa a fule,' cried Jane; ' let the mon be. He's na our tort— he's naethin' to do wi' ue.' Jane did not offer an explanation more explicit ; for Mary'e take, that would not have been politic. She dismissed the subject abruptly, aud refused to say one word more on tbe question, much to Ann Ryan's dis satisfaction, whese curiosity had been aroused by the eccentric behaviour ol her companion. But Mr. Sitnmons's curiosity had been also aroused by the demeanour of tbe two girls whom he had accosted : one was hie wife's friend, and had been known to visit bis house, and be was a man who would keep his house pure. His suspicions hsd been arouted, and, it Jane were a charecter unfit to asso ciate with his wife, why, the sooner he ascertained that fnct for h;mtelf the better. He followed Cameron and llyan on the opposite tide of the way, and in a veiy little while had ascertained for himself tbe characters of the two women whom he had set himself to watch. He saw them accost Grangers in the street ; meet disreputable men, who had ' thief' stamped upon their vilianous countenances ; enter the drinking shops, snd talk and laugh with all assembled there : finally, he addresEed a policeman, and pointed out Cameion to him. ' Do jou know that woman ?' he asked, ' Ay, to be sure.' ' What character doeB she bear about here:' ' A bad ain— nane worse, I reckon.' ' And her companion r' ' About as bad — hae ye lost anythiu' ' No, so ; but I wished to know her character.' 'They're na been a lang weel out o* prison— Cameion and Hyan.' ' One's named Smith r' 'Na!' 'That one's named Smith,' and Mr. Simmons in dicated Jene Cameron. ' That's Cameron— I hae seen her aboot these seven yeert, I tell ye.' 'Oh!' Mr. Simmons walked away, revolving in his mind this new discovery. His wife had introduced Jane by the name of Smith to him, and here wsb a mystery that required clearing up. For the first lime a doubt of his wife shot through his brain ; he began to think of how be bad become acquainted with her, and what a little he knew of all her antecedents. He was no model character— fit for a novel for instance— for he was naturally a suspicious man, a man who jumped readily at conclusions, shrewd and hard in his way. He went home, as Janessctrtained afterwards, to cross-question iris wife cn the subject, and try to elicit the reason for her attempt to deceive him. ' I've met your friend Smith to-night,' he said. ' Emitlr ! what Smith ?' ' Jsne Smith, who was here one morning when 1 came home from work.' '? Itdecd !' was all that Mary could reply. ' Her name is Smith, is it not r' was the careless question. Mary answered in the affirmative. ' And you worked at the cotton-mill together, and you lived together in the closes r' Mary did not know what to answer, or what Jane might 'have told him, if he hud met her that night. She turned red and whitest the approach of danger; but she did her best to meet it. ' Yes, we lived thegither noo and then.' ' She's a bad character.' ' She wbb a gude lasBie when I kenned her foist.' ' ' She's been bad from a child ; she has been watched as a had character by die police. Mary, you must have known this.' Msry denied it ; it was her last hope to clmg to at this juncture, and ahe maintained her ignorance of the daik side to her old friend's character. Simmons affected to believe it, aud, for a day or two, the storm which had been threatening passed over. The husband went to w ork again, and kept hia doubts in the back ground for a while ; but he did not return home quite so regularly, aud he made the acquaintance of one or two policemen, from whom he by degrees learned the whole truth. Piece by piece he gathered the whole history of Jane Cameron — worse than that, the whole poet history of Msry Loggie — and then he sought Cairercn again, and asked her to come with him across 1 the bridge. 'What fori' ' I want you to see Mary — will you come i ' I dinna mind.' Jane saw that something had gone wrong, una was a little curious, although timid. She had a belief that Mr. Simmons hud discovered all, and ahe was anxious to see how Msry would stand against the attack, ana what would become of her now all the truth had lesped to the light. So she went home with Mary's husband to see the end of it. When they came in together, Mary dropped down in a chair by the fireside and stared at them— the ' whole truth ' suggested itself to her at ouee. lier husband's past quietness, and even coldness, was accounted for. 'I ne'er saw in a' my leef before sic a luke as hers, ' commented Jane Cameron upon the scene. 'This woman's name is Cameron — let her deny it if sbe can now r' he said, on entering. ' I dinna deny it,' said Jane, defiantly. 'And she was a bad character when you knew her, Mary, and you knew that too, and was a bad one yourself. There, that's the truth, Btid you can t aay No to it.' .... , Mary wrung ber hands and looked piteously towards her husband. There was no sympathy with her alarm, and she turned on June like a fury. 1 To hae docn this— *ye hae told him a', ye jealous, wicked woman— ye hae turned against me, because ye could na bear me to live honest, or be anythin but the thief I wsb before I married him,' 'I hae said naethin,' screamed Jane, anxious to put Mary on her guard against self-confession ; I ken naethin ; I hae ony come hither 'cause he asked me, 'Jut I know all. Don't let us have any lire,' said he, roughly, After awhile he turned to hie wire, » eying— ' Mary, 1 took you fcr an honest girl, and married ;ou. Il I hsd known what you had been all your ifc— a thief, and wersc — I would have blown my orains out first. You led me to believe that you were i good gill, end made me play the fool and marry ;ou. You've dir graced me, and — you must go !' 'Oh! John, John, dinca sae that !' Mary flung herself on her knees before him and :Iasfea hia lege round wilh ber arms. She begged him to heer ht r— she prayed him to believe that she lovi d him very dearly, and had been living an uptight life ever since she had known him. She told her whole story between her choking sobs, and called God lo witneBB how ehe had lived only fur him, thought only of him, since thiir marriage — hew the secret of htr guilty life had preyed upon her, because she fesrc d to tell him the whole truth. 'Yiu are in league with this girl still?' said Simmcne, in reply to thie. Cameron took a fearful eath on the spot, that they had only met once by chance on Hutcheson's Bridge, and that Mary had made her promiBe never to sec her again. Cameron, in tears, too, moved by this scene as the bad never before been moved in her life, pleaded ft r tbe eld friend until he bade her be eilent — he did not want to hear her apeak again. Mary Loggie continued to plead like one whose life wss at stake. She had had a glimpse of a new existence, and fought hard not to be hurled back to the old— ahe swore to be always true and faithful to him, and keep away from such ss Jane for ever — she lay on the floor at last, and moaned for mercy at his fiet. The fate of Mary's future trembled in the balance, but the man had a generous heart, and was moved by bis wife's pleading. He was a poer men, with nut over-refined feelings, and she had been a help — even a comfort to him. Before the discovery tbey hsd lived very happily together, and it Aid seem bard to cast ber back to tbe streets. When he was convinced that Mary had wished to keep away from all who belonged to the paet, he softened, and at last be told her to get up and give over crying — he would not say any more about it— he would try her ! 11 You can go as aeon as you like,' he said to Cameron, and Jane went down stairs wondrously re lieved in mind to know that it had all ended satisfac torily. So the romance ended ; and it is to be trusted that Msry made Bimmons a good wife. Jane believed that she did — acting on her belief, 1 think so too. Jane saw ber again once or twice in the Glasgow streets, hut Mary always turned her head away when thty met, end hurried past for her life. '1 was too bad for her,' said Jane, in this place, ' and I daresay her heart was gude eno' to speck, if i hsd wiBhed, which I didn't for her ain sake. But mawbee it war a narrow escape for puir Mary, Miss.' Chatter XXVI. — A Thieves' Hero. Mary Loggie's story brought no moral to Jane Cameron. It did not appertain to her lile, or in any way affect it ; sbe could not profit, or see her way to profit, by any phsee which had been represented therein. She saw that it was more comfortable to be honest, but sbe was paet makiDg s strenuous effort to ketp in the right way ; it was beyond her efforts, aud there wsb no inducement in her mind to persevere. With a little sigh of regret that she had had no chance like Msry 's she turned away to the darkncBS of her own life, and went downwards— downwarda by that law of moral gravitation which sinks the erring irredeemably. To characters like Jane Cameron, there is seldom any fuming back — they will acknowledge no power to save item. ' You should have taught me better when I was young — you should have seen after me when I was a child, you good people !' sneers the criminal, to whom it is more easy to continue in the old life than to make an effort for a better one. Crime has not the strength for self, denial ; and habit renders tbe crime easy, and cases the conscience in mail. Jane Cameron continued the old life, then ; she never gave a thought to an existence that might be purer— the tvil of her ways was not apparent — it was simply a business which she wss following— a business that kept her from starving, or working laboriously for a living. She and her contemporaries were forced to do s little work by way of precautionary measures needle- work sufficient to maik one particular finger, or even sboemakirg to harden the hands. The detectives had an unpleasant habit of stopping c:ubt ful characters at times and shaking hands with them, and if the hands were soft and lady-like, why, they were thieves' hands, and there was an amount of extra vigilance bestowed upon them iu cocBoquer.ee. It was the beginning of March when the knavish fraternity of Glasgow wss thrown into a ferment by the sudden airival of a hero — a Liverpool man, who had considered it advisable to absent himself from that quarter for a little while. I his nan, whom I will call Black Barney — it is his thieves cognomen, ' with a difference ' — was a man well known to thieves and police. London which alone establishes a thiol's reputation, as it establishes an actor or author's, had 'made' this man in bis peculiar rank of life: he hid committed more desperate robberies without detection than any one of his time or ege, perhaps. For this he was reverenced by those w ho made theft their profession ; he was their model character, at whose style they aimed, and whose eccentricities they copied ; he was the thief ' w ho could do no wrong !' The police weie well acquainted with this man ; knew him for Ihe desperate scamp, that he was, but were not so thoroughly versed iu all his deeds and misdeeds. Robberies with which he was not sus pected to be connected were often of his perpetration, snd this made him a celebrity amongst those who esteem a man highly who does a thing ' on tUe quiet.' He was the thieves' modem Jack Sheppard; be had earned thousands of pounds in his day ; he was clever as a burglar, and he was inimitable re a gar otter. He had broken out of gaol twice, Bed this feat of priton-breaking was the nimbus of glory round his head. A man who could escape the bold of the law which hsd 'lagged' him, was a man one did not meet every day. ThieveB over-estimate their heroes. 'He was a beautiful scholar, and could pass for a gentleman any where,' it was reported and generally believed. I have Been a letter of this Crichton's wherein every wotd over one syllable was misspelt, and I have no : doubt bis gentlemenly airs were of that demonstrative character which sets the mimic along way apart from the model. Still, to thieves he was a hero, end with thieves we have only to do yet awhile. YVhen he arrived in Glasgow there wsb a little friendly gathering in his honour — a ' free-snd- ea6y,' where he took the chair, snd where much whisky was drunk, and all his old friends and co-mates gathered around him. The police looked in during tie evening, not to mar the general hilarity, but to take a glance at the surface of things, and exchange friendly nods with ' the hero.' ' What ! Barney, have you given us a call, then r' ' Just for a day or two.' ' Keep yourself quiet, Borney.' ' All right: Only here for my health's sake.' The police were invited to drink, and treated with much courtesy, but the assembly breathed freer when the doer closed on them, and the meeting put on its natural drees again. Jane Cameron saw Black Barney for the firet time at the free-and-easy to which I allude. She had heard of his acquirements— listened to all the ex aggerated statements of hiB cleverness which had floated about, and looked upon him, from her humble position, as the author of ' Lines to my Dog ' in the peel's corner of a country newspaper may look upon Charles Dickens, whenever he gets a Bight of that gentleman. Had she maintained this respect and distant admiration for Black Barney, it might have been all the better for her, or at least this story— if it had been aver written at all — would have had a different ending ; but Black Barney wre a ladieB' man, and in clined to pay the fair sex attention. Before the evening wss over, a dance had even been struck up, and Barney, who added dancing to hia other and varied accomplishments, selected Jane Cameron more than once for his partner, to the mortification of Ann Ryan end other young ladies who were inclined to set their caps at ham. Barney waa a man of sudden fancies, even eccentric tastes. Though there were many prettier girls in the room, he devoted himself to Jane Cameron, till eome jokre, more forcible than select, at hia preference, showered upon him from all sides. Still Barney loved a jest, and waa net to be laughed out of bis preference, and Jane was elated at her victory, and took no heed of invidious comments. The 'lion' of the night was a low-browed, vilianous fellow, short, thick-Bet, and with one shoulder higher than the other, but he was the clever thief who had made money, and been more than commonly success ful; and we are valued according to our success rather than our merit, a writer of old days has observed very satirically, hut very truthfully. Therefore Jane Cameron may he said to have fallen in love with this successful scoundrel. He singled her out and flattered her, and Jane's head was turned on^the instant. She felt that she could go through fire and water, even die for him, if need were. If she were lucky enough to secure him for a companion, ahe would consider herself the happiest woman in the world — happier then even Mary Loggie, who had so fine a heme of her own I She did her beat to captivate this hero — Ehe waa a quick-witted girl, w ith a certain amount of humour — she had a good voice, the could dance well — she was young and rather rretty, and the 'lion,' Barney, was smitten by the icotch lassie. Matches between thieves are aoon attack up, and icnerally known. Barney's choice was avowed, and ; iarney's choice respected from that time forth. Jane knew nothing of Black Barney's character or antecedents— did not care for them. It was very likely that he would soon tiie of her, and go off to Liverpool cr London without her, but there would be tune enough to fret about that when the hour came I The preseat, the awfully-guilty present, waa sufficient for her. One who lives like Cameron can never look fotward to tbe future, where the reaction comes, and w here sin is not masked by vain imoginatione. Crime never reflects on the Afterwards. ( To be continued.) 