SPIRIT OF THE ENGLISH PRESS. MR. GLADSTONE'S BUDGET. (from the economist) The Budget of the Chancellor of the Exchequer will not give unmixed satisfaction. Nothing human ever does. But it will, perhaps, go as near to it as the complications of affairs and the imperfections of humanity will admit. Persons who hold a different opinion on the sugar duties may object and be disappointed : the enemies of the malt duty may be vexed : one or two other small and outly- ing minorities may be discontented, but taking the country as a whole, sensible men of business, who are the ultimate authority in this matter, will certainly approve of the principal propositions of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and will wonder and admire the singular ingenuity with which they are pieced together. A budget is half an artistic work to Mr. Gladstone. His figures have a kind of ingenious beauty sometimes, perhaps, a little misleading, but often as now, embodying and securing good results with a delicate and singular precision. Mr. Gladstone overlays his budget speeches with so much information, that persons who have but a slight faculty of reading can scarcely make out from them what the real position of the current financial year is Mr. Gladstone states it perfectly, but he states so much else, that come men of business, who have little time and little quickness in catch- ing miscellaneous facts, hardly comprehend as they should how the matter stands. Yet every budget must be a simple matter when it is reduced to its real essence. (from the daily, news.) Now that Mr. Gladstone has published a volume of Budget speeches, it would seem idle to pay compliments to the oratorical perfection of his great annual deliverance. But with the prospect of a Tory regime before us, there is a certain satisfaction in recording that this accomplished Minister was not un- equal last evening to any of his former achievements, in breadth and clearness, in seriousness and minuteness, in point and finish, in closeness and variety, in exhaustive pegs, and fulness, and nicety of statement. If over during Mr. Gladstone's reign there shall be no more surplus to dispose of, it may be that his vast audience on such occasions will no longer represent a multitude of anxious and expectant interests: but as more intellectual efforts and exercises, these Budget speeches will never cease to be treasured up as examples of pure Parliamentary debate, marvels of concentration and elasticity of mind, instinct with the liberal and practical genius of our age and country, not more remarkable for their strength of grasp and shrewdness of judgement than for their generous and far-reaching views of policy and high integrity of purpose. In a statement which occupied exactly three hours, Mr. Gladstone briefly reviewed the balances of recent financial years, showing an actual decrease of expenditure in 1863-4, as compared with 1859-60, which Mr. Gladstone refers to as the first year of high expenditure since the Russian war, and after taking into account on the one hand the permanent annual relief from the cessation of the Long Annuities in 1860, and on the other the extra charge for fortifications. But for the latter charge of £800,000 our present surplus of income over expenditure would be £3,152,000. The actual surplus at Mr. Gladstone's beneficent disposal is £2,352,000. THE SCENE IN THE HOUSE. (FROM THE DAILY TELEGRAPH.) It is not an easy matter to narrate the accounts of an empire, or to make arithmetic picturesque Sensational financiers, indeed, might produce a certain effect by budgets that would be but the brilliant preludes to ultimate bankruptcy; Mr. Disraeli might mix figures of speech with figures of the multiplication table, until he produced a showy though bewildering result; and Sir Stafford Northcote, humbly imitating the great Caucasian in financial inaccuracy, if in little else, might earn a brief distinction as the account of the Exchequer. Far different was the course of William Ewart Gladstone when he rose on Thursday afternoon to explain the policy of the British Government to the British House of Commons. The occasion was a great one it was, in fact, of historical magnitude and import. If Napoleon's taunt be true if we are a " nation of shopkeepers" -it must at least be admitted that the shop we keep is a large one, and does a most amazing amount of business. Every item of our trade had to be reviewed by the Chancellor. Rival claims had to he weighed, adjusted, balanced : conflicting interests to be conciliated and above all was it essential that the onward m arch of England in the path of free-trade should receive a fresh encourage- ment. Mr. Gladstone had to deal with men who listened eagerly to every word he spoke, and were on the alert to detect him in a blunder. He had to state a case which was plain enough in its broad outlines, but infinitely perplexing and complicated in its details. On him, more than on any other man in the empire, devolves the grand task of managing the commerce of the English people and of this great glory, this tremendous responsibility, the catneBt gravity of his manner showed that he was not un- mindful. No startling disclosures were expected ; no sudden alteration of policy was looked for the tariff, thanks in a great measure to Mr. Gladstone himself, contains but few objectionable items upon which experiments can still be made. It was almost as much in his capacity of orator as in that of financier that the people were eager to hear him. The House was crowded. At seven o'clock in the morning there were many waiting for admission. It may be said of the Lords that they adjourned bodily into the House of Commons. For the first time, at least in the recent annals of Parliament, Peers were allowed to sit in the galleries ordinarily reserved for members. The Earl of Derby was thore-the lord of many proxies and of many politics the fiery and fervid Stanley, who talked something that sounded very much like revolution in 1832, and who is now ready, with a Partingtonian courage, to stem the tide of democracy in 1884. The Rupert of debate and it should be remembered that Prince Rupert, for all his splendid courage, was soundly beaten by a Huntingdonshire bl ewer-Bat gravely listening to the man with whom he once held office. Old ex Chancellors of the Exchequer were there, gazing with a somewhat bewildered expression, at this strange statesman, who had learnt the art of making money matters attractive-who had knit also, what is rarer still, the secret of increasing the revenue by absolutely reducing taxation. When the hero of the night roE from his seat, strangers craned eagerly forward to look at him. The sight, indeed, was a grand one for those who know the difference between real greatness and the splendours of parade. In that hall sat 500 gentlemen chosen by the English people to make its laws and to those 500 the orator was to speak;. Such an audience would inspire even a mediocrity; upon a man of genius its influence must be immense. The quiet thoughtful scholar who has commented upon Homer as learnedly as any German professor who ever lectured at Gottingen or Leipsic whose voice rang through Europe like a clarion when, with all the magnificent eloquence of earnestness, he denounced the iniquities of the Neapolitan prisons-he who sat at the feet of Robert Peel, and has almost completed his great col- league's work-was hailed with a hearty cheer when he rose. It was broad daylight still, but the clock struck thrice before he ended. Put the merits of the Budget on one side, and think for a moment on what that speech meant. Let the reader consider it simply as a mere physical feat. The most voluble gentleman would find it no easy matter to talk for three hours, and so to master the voice through all that time that it should never break nor falter, but still pour out its grand volume of sound and sense. If any one doubts whether this is difficult, let him essay to read Mr. Gladstone's speech aloud. Add to this the fact that the Chancellor was faced by fees at once clever and unscrupulous. Right opposite to him was Disraeli, cynically impassive. No change came over Lyndon's countenance; the lips never moved, the eyes never sparkled ; he sat there like one in a dream, whilst the glorious intellectual athlete tore the fallacies of his party to pieces. But had that athlete broken down-had ho wavered or hesitated a smile would have crept over the Tory gladiator's face, and the eyes would have brightened up with triumph. Gladstone knew this he knew how tremendous was the task he had undertaken ; but it needed only the first few words to reassure any of his friends. Quietly, earnestly. almost solemnly, he began. And then for three full hours the wonderful panorama of British commerce was unrolled. So numerous were the topics which the speaker handled, so minute and whimsically intricate were many of the details, that the listener grew almost bewildered. Jaggery sugar, the horses of hawkers, proxy papers, ecclesiastical benefices, charitable institutions, the malt tax, the sugar duties, the impost upon income, fire insurances, tobacco, refreshment rooms, pauperism these are only a few of the topics on which he touched. The wonder was to see that the orator never lost himself amidst this maze. Every sentence fell into its proper place. The daylight faded away ; the gas was lit and still Mr. Gladstone went on. As he progressed, men saw the wonderful clearness and lucidity of brain which was guiding him through the labyrinth. They forgot for a moment whether they were Liberals or Tories ; they remembered only that they were Englishmen and they were all proud of his grave, pale man, who spoke so well. At times, when he had to talk of the poor, or when he recalled the beneficent legislation which has done so much for England, the speech rose to the solemn tenour of the sermon. The voice sometimes grew go earnest, that the bearers were startled into enthusiasm. This was a man to follow a man to guide the councils of a great Empire. Even the squires who filled the Tory benches forebore to chatter and looked unwontedly reasonable. The Chancellor of the Exchequer spoke of a grand policy which has lightened the burdens of every one in this nation ; he showed how much still remained to be done and with clearness unparalleled, with an intellectual mastery and might which stamped him as a born ruler, be pointed out the broad, plain road by which we can advance to results even greater than any which have yet been attained. He sat down ; a ringing cheer broke out and as people hurried from the House, as the rattle of cabs sounded in the precincts of Parliament, there was but one word upon every tongue-" Magnificent I" THE SHAKESPEARE TERCENTENARY. (FROM THE HOME NEWS, APRIL 20.) The Stratford-upon-Avon Tercentenary Celebration offers a brilliant contrast to the miserable and humiliating failure of the London Committee The town is crowded. Houses and lodgings even in Warwick, Leamington, and other neighbouring places;, have mounted to an alarming figure, and nearly all the places are taken for nearly all the performances. The festival was inaugurated on the 23rd of April, by a banquet in the Pavilion, at which Lord Carlisle presided, followed by a display of fireworks at night. On the 24th (Sunday) there were two sermons, one preached by the Archbishop of Dublin, and the other by the Bishop of St. Andrews. On Monday, In the morning, the "Messiah" was given, and in the evening there was a grand miscellaneous concert. To day (Tuesday) is to be given up to excursions to Charlecote, Hampton Lucy, and other Shakesperian localities, and in the evening the Haymarket company will per form "Twelfth Night." To-morrow morning there will be readings from Shakespeare (but by whom does not appear), and in the evening the Princess's company will give representations of "Borneo and Juliet," Juliet by Mdlle. Stella Coles, and the "Comedy of Errors," the two provinces by the brothers Webb. Those have been substituted for the Hamlet of Mr. Fechner. On Thursday there will he a concert of instrumental music and glees from Shakspeare's plays, and in the evening a performance of As You Like It." Friday is to be devoted to the ball, for which our modistes and tailors have been studying the costumes of the characters of Shakspeare's plays for months past and on Saturday, for those who still remain at Stratford beyond the week, there will be a series of popular entertainments in the Pavilion. On Monday, May 2, Mr. Cowell's balloon ascent is to take place, and there will be a full-dress ball in the evening. On Tuesday there will be a performance of " Othello," and on Wednesday of " Much Ado About Nothing body under the superintendence of Mr. Creswick. Hero, at least, is a Shakesperian banquet in such good taste, and displaying such prodigal liberality, as to reflect honour on the town which has the glory of having given Shakespeare birth. The banquet, which was held in the Pavilion on the birthday, and which inaugurated the festival in Stratford-upon-Avon, was a special success. Lord Carlisle presided, and was strongly supported. The whole of the vast picturesque interior was crowded. In the course of the morning, Max Muller had presented an address to the mayor and corporation from the city of Frankfort, and in the evening another address from the Free German Hocbstift at Frankfort was read by Professor Leitner, of King's College, at fended by Dr. Kari Daumonn and Dr. Heinrich Brockhaus. The speeches and the characteristic music of the evening passed off with brilliant effect. The two marked speeches of the evening were delivered by Lord Carlisle and Mr. Creswick. On the following day (Sunday) the congregations at the church were of unparalleled magnitude. The sermon, preached by the Archbishop of Dublin, was an elaborate eulogy of Shakspeare, occupying nearly on hour. In London, the only public celebration consisted of a procession of working men who went to Primrose-hill to plant on oak from Windsor Forest in honour of Shakspeare. The gathering was contemptible. The "distinguished" company collected on the ground consisted of Mr. Paul Bedford, Mr. Toole, Mr. Hepworth Dixon and Mrs. Hepworth Dixon, Dr. W. Marston, and a few more. Mr. S. Phelps planted the tree, a lady christened it, and then the crowd, having, as it turned out, really collected for a very different purpose, formed themselves into an indignation meeting about Garibaldi. From this intention, however, they were driven by the police, and the Great National Committee which commenced a few months ago by an Bulting Thackeray, very nearly gave up the ghost in the station-house. AMERICA AND MEXICO. (fires tub daily news ) The popular house of the United States Congress has taken an opportunity of remind- ing the world that, vast as is the enterprise that for a time occupies its arms, the great Republic still has an American in well as a domestic policy, which is unchanged by the attempts of adventurers within or without its borders. The House of Representatives has passed a resolution, "That the citizens of the United States are unwilling by silence to leave the nations of the world under the impression that they are indifferent spectators of the deplorable events now transpiring in Mexico. Therefore they declare that it does not accord with the people of the United States to acknowledge a monarchical government erected on the ruins of any republican Government in America, under the auspices of any European power." The announcement of this disposition of the Government and people of the United States appears to have been considered a matter of importance, and to have been treated in the most deliberate manner. The resolution was adopted by the Committee on Foreign Afloii s before it was passed by the House; and as it was ultimately carried unanimously, it must have been previously assented to by the Government. Looked at from a European point of view, this resolution is calculated to excite a feeling of curiosity as to the motives of its publication, mingled with a certain degree of surprise. The world was in no danger of misunderstanding the feelings with which the citizens of the United States must regard the proceedings of the French in Mexico. Why, then, proclaim a dissatisfaction which can only he expressed in words ? This is what we are thinking and saying in Europe. And we may be sure there are many who have said the same thing in the States. All the considerations which make this declaration seem untimely and impru- dent have been present to the minds of the citizens, and more vividly than they can be to any of us. Nevertheless, the declaration is made. That immovable and unbounded faith of the citizens of the United States in the future of their country, which has so often surprised their friends and perplexed their enemies, which has served them to overcome ten thousand difficulties, and in the strength of which they have steadily gained year by year upon the rebellion, looks forward and confidently anticipates the day when the "de- plorable events transpiring in Mexico shall disappear, together with the troubles at home that made them possible. We infer from the language of this declara- tion that for the present the new Mexican empire will not be recognised by the United States. 