ST. JOHN'S PARSONAGE. The ceremony of laying the Corner Stone of St John's Parsonage, Upper Goulburn-street. took place yesterday afternoon, in the presence of a large assemblage of ladies and gentlemen, on the site on the northwest side of the street, opposite the St. John's School-house, where a Union Jack was hoisted and suitable arrangements made for the clergy, choristers, and others who were to take part in the proceedings. A procession formed at the School-house, consisting of the committee, singers, and clergy, followed by visiting, ladies, and gentlemen. A number of children belonging to the Sunday School were stationed in front of the enclosure. As the procession advanced round the building, the choir and people sung Psalm exviii., 15-26. When the clergy (consisting of the Ven. Archdeacon Davies, Revs. Messrs Cox, Dr. Parsons, Hudspeth, Buckland, Quilter, Smith, and Davenport,) and choir had reached the stage on the building, prayers were intoned by the Rev Mr Cox, with responses by the choir, Mr Brammall, as Clergyman's Churchwarden, then placed a leaden box with enclosures in a cavity in the stone, stating its contents, and reading a copy Of the inscription inclosed as follows :— LADS DEO.—The corner stone of this house was solemnly laid oil the 3 .'III day of May, in the year of Our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, by Sarah, wife of the Rev F. II. Cox, Inuumbent of the Church of St. John Baptist, in Ilobarl Town. The house BO founded will be built in reliance upon the Divine benediction of Our Lord Jesus Chris;: by means of the free-will offerings of a large body of contributors : and is designed to bear the name of ST. JOHN'S PARSONAGE, aud to be set apart fer ever as the dwelling of the Clergyman who may from time to time be appointed uuder the authority of the Lord Bishop of Tasmania to be Incumbent or Minister of the neighboring Church of Saint John Baptist. HENRT HUNTER, Architect. WM. WABE, Builder. The document was also signed by the Clergamen and officers of St John's Church. Mr G. P. Adams next read an address in the name of the committee and contributors, to Mrs Cox, wife of the Rev Incumbent of St John's, having reference to the efforts for providing the Parsonage, and requesting that lady to lay the Stone. Mrs Cox, in compliance with, the request, proceeded with the ceremony, having received from Mr Hunter, the Architect, the trowel, <fcc, for the purpose. The Rev Mr Cox pronounced the Benediction, as follows:— Here may true faith, and the fear of God ever remain ; here may a holy household dwell together in unity, setting a wholesome example to the people of Christ; here may daily honor be rendered to the name of God, the Father, the Son, aud the Holy Ghost. Amen.] ggj A hymn having then been sung to the tune of " Melcombe," The Rev Mr Hudspeth read the lesson taken from Coloss. HI, 1G to rv. 2. The Yen Archdeacon Davies delivered a brief address, in which he referred to the gigantic strides made in the cause of religious and benevolent progress of late years in England, where the annual income of Miseiouary Societies, &c;, had now reached one million sterling. He alluded to the late and present Bishops of London, and their eminently successful efforts in the promotion of Church and ' sonage building, especially mentioning the scheme of the present Prelate of London for raising one million for building and endowing churches, Parsonages, <tc. From a late account received from their old friend Mr Gell, through whose exertions the buildingopposite (St John's School) had been erected twenty years ago, it appeared that he had just opened a fourth Church in his parish, and was then about to build a fifth, and all within twelve months. He referred also to the great exertions of the Rev Mr Cox, in promoting the building of St John's new Church, even at a time when labor was so dear, and he believed he was correct in saying that there was not at the present time a single debt on the Church. He was sorry to find there was a deficiency of £400 or £500 in the fond for the Parsonage, but he expressed his hope and confidence that the necessary means would be forthcoming. Having eulogized the merits of Mr and Mrs Cta, aud expressed his gratification at their success, the ven gentleman concluded by ascribing to God the Giver of all good, the praise aud gloiy. The Bev Mr Cox offered the concluding prayers, aud the proceedings then closed. There will be a tea meeting at St John's School this evening. 