AMUSE:JfK«TS. ' It never rains but it pours ' is a- trite saying, and so far as Newcastle, at present, is concerned is faitly verified. The Maitland races have caused a perfect exodus to this town of caterers for the amusement of the public, and now exhibitions and entertainments of almost every character are an nounced to take place. No matter where. we pass through the streets the eye will be. greeted with an announcement that the eight-legged calf and classic pig will be witnessed in one quarter, tlie renowned Tom Thumb in another, and so on. The ox, which has been for some time in Maitland, arrived here last evening, and will be on exhibition at Christie's Shooting Gallery. This extraordinary freak of nature lias five legs and three horns. The fifth leg hangs from the neck, and it something similar to the for* foot of a calf, with a very large hoof. On the same muscle is a fleshy substance, from which a kind of horn protrudes. In every other respect the animal is perfect, and in fine condition. To the admirers of such novelties the ox is well worthy of inspection. In addition to these we have enter tainments of a more classic nature, so that for the present there it no reftton to complain of a lack of amusements.'' '*'%?? Herr CugHLAjtND Bartine. — On Thursday evening, one of Oiose-rrtteresting and highly instruc tive exhibitions, lookjxlace at the Assembly Rooms, Watt-street, beforS a'- respectable and appreciative audience. .The classical and historical nature of the subjects displayed was one that afforded great pleasure and satisfaction — more so from its novelty thau those' of a more theatrical character. ..The artistes shewed in every tableux a /thorough know ledge of tlie art they had made study of, and the giaceful pole, and artistical grooping, convinced all who witnessed the pleasing spectacle that great care and attention had been paid to render the effects perfectly natural as well as imposing. The Lute Players, the first scene on the programme, struck the beholders with surprise and admiration ; when the curtain fell, plaudits of approbation were accorded. The Coronation of Esther deserves our especial notice. The attitude of the Jewish maiden is one denoting the most profound respect, modesty, and religious reverence, whilst that of the king is benignaty and affection. The third on the pro gramme, viz., ' Thesua found by his kinsmen,' will be remarked by the visitor us a life-like represen tation of the feelings of surprise, delight, and doubt of which the several artistes all seem to partake.' The 'Startled Nymph' is a representation of a beautiful being disturbed, when laving her limbs in a rivulet, by a serpent, and is to be observed with her foot on the reptile's head, in mute terror and yet determination. ' Deliah asking forgivness of Samson' did not come up to the pose that we should have figured in our imagination of the scene, though we heard it much admired by others. The untimely de.ith of the Amazon Queen concluded the first portion of the entertainment. Bartine, the Flying Man, went ibrough some of his wonderful perfor mances upon the single wire, — wheeling a barrow from the gallery to the stage, and other perilous feats. The extraordinary ghost illusion elicited great applause, and was very effectively exhibited. The tableaux in the second part of the pprformaucc was equally as deserving notice as the preceeding. But many were disappointed at the conclusion in not being able to witness Bartine's wonderful leap for life. The music discoursed on the occasion was all that could bu desired. The Messrs. Faning never flagged, and played some lively and beautiful operatie selections. Last evening the same per formance was repeated with some alteration, and afforded general satisfaction. This evening Bar tine is- to perform on the trapeze as the flying man. Barlow's Canidrome and Gymnastic Com pany, — This talented troupe have returned to Newcastle, and intend giving three performances prior to their departure for New Zealand. . 1'hev have been very iuecessful since their departure from this town, and have been highly spoken of by the Press. The first entertainment will be given this evening, in the canidrome erected on the Market Square. It is their intention before leaving to give a benefit in aid of the Hospiul Building Fund, which, doubtless, will receive that support such a coaritable object deserves. Tom Thumb and his Lady.— An exhibition of a person assuming the cognomen of the illustrious general has made appearance in this |ciiy. He is to be seen in his tent, with his martial cloak around him, attired in velvet smalla and silk stock ings. His fair attendant is a diminutive feminine i specimin of the genius homo. |I t is stated that her -! age exceeds twenty years, but from her very yonth- ' ful appearance and little plump figure, lending many to suppose that she had not attained the age she is credited with. - . s ^ ? Counsels' Fees. — The question of coun sel's fees was a good deal discussed on Tues day in a motion argued before Mr. Milford, in Chambers. It was in the case of Richards v. Whitford, and was made by the defendant's attorney (Mr. Slade) fora review of taxation. The prothonotary in taxing the plaintiffs costs had allowed fees to two counsel. Three were retained, but the senior of these three did not appear throughout the trial. The fees paid to this senior, as well as those to the junior counsel, were allowed, but those paid to the second counsel were struck off. The trial of the case lasted three days. It was a squatting action, but some questions of peculiar diffi culty were said to have been involved. The fees paid to the senior counsel, and allowed by the prothonotary, were twenty-five gui- : noas (with the brief) for the first day, fifteen ' for the second, and fifteen for the third ? ? fifty-fiye guineas in all. The fees paid and allowed for the junior counsel were fifteen guineas with the brief, and refreshers on the second acd third days of twelve guineas each — thirty-nine guineas in all. The! neavy amount ot th«5se refreshers was com plained of rather than the fees originallj marked upon the briefs, and it was' sug' gested that a practice had grown up ol allowing feea to counsel higher, in many case, than were deemed just to the lnsinn parties. The prothonotary rule by which he was guide He added fee and refreshers t together, and having divided t the number of days the case . sidered whether — looking at - importance of the case — the was a reasonable one. If so, but if he thought the amounl reduced it, In the case then sion, the judge, although disj that the fees allowed were hig pared to say that the protho the exercise of his discretion, The application was therefore costs. — Herald. A Child Drowned in a \V little girl uamed Maryanne Kelly, accidentally fell into a wabhing about eight inches of rain water, a on tho 4th inst., at Sydney. Tb by its mother only four or five min ing about the premises. Immedii missed a lad ran round the hous the child lying across the tub, w face downwards, submerged, and outside the tub. The water wa allow the back of the bead being wetted. Kverj attempt wag made to restore animation, hut withoul success. 