PRINCELY SQUATTERS. The following letter appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald, from a coriespondent signing hiiiiself ' Traveller,' on the above subject, aud his opinion thereon . ' Sir, — There has lately been a good deal of attention drawn towards this part of the world amongst men possessing a little capital of their own in England, who, like myself, have certain poteut reasous for adding to their frugal store. It is uow a toss-up at home as to which is the place to go to for sheep-farming — South America (the River Plate district) or the Australian colo nies. It is beginning to be imagined that you get more encouragement and less certain protec tion from the South American Government, and from what we hear, vice versa from the Austra lian. However, having read a good deal about princely squatters in Australia, I thought J would go and dig out an old chum of mine, who was at school with me. His proper name doesn't matter, so we'll call him * Thompson 5 ' he was called * Cockey ' at school, being the best runner, jumper, and rider — (bis governor was well off, and kept hunters) — of the lot of us. So sup pose we know him by the name of 'Cockey Thompson.' Master Cockey was a younger son, and came out to Australia, with about £4000. consigued to a friend, who taught him the duties it was necessary he should practise in order to Occupy the position of a '^princely squatter,' — which rank be accordingly assumed, with all the j honours appertaiuiug thereto. After about four j years* absence from England, he returned, made ; visit, carried out an ol-j;ct which f kuow he had in view, which was no less 'than inabin^ a most charming young lady, also a friend of mine, his princess, and returning at once to his priucipi lity in Australia. Now, beiug myself anxious to raise another young lady to the siuie exalted position, and not thinking it exactly one's duty to one's neighbour or country either, to lead a useless, idle, bachelor's life, which doesn't agiee with me, I determined to go and see what son of times Cockey Thompson bad of it. 1 bad rather a tedious time of it coming out. I was much pleased with the beauties of Sydney. 1 kept a sharp look-out amongst the many nice carriages I saw for a squatter's equipage, but could nut see one, which was a great encouragement, as I concluded that the charms of the country were so vastly superior to those of tbe town, that the princes preferred residing ou their own territo ries to visiting the metropolis, so I lost no time in 6laiting for Prince Cockey Thompson's ely sium. Which w«s about 400 miles in a straight direction. I passed through a great number of runs, but I was not by any means impressed with the grand tiess of tbe princes I met. How ever, ? I expected it would be all right when I came to the Thompsonian Halls, and that some of the minor princes would be rather awed when I came riding down with Prince Cock-y Thomp son, the proud owner of countless flocks and lowing herds, accompanied by a troop of stock men, who sat their half-bred Arab steeds with centaur-like seats, and all that sort of thing we read about in books on Australia, written by Sydney Judges, and other men who know all about it. Well you may fancy I was rather astonished when I at last arrived at a wretched looking weatherboard cottage— I thought that there must be some mistake. I could not imagine that this was wh-it I went forth into the wilderness for to see, so I inquired of a * hiud 1 or dependent, who was carry iug a bucket of water, whether Mr. Thompson lived here. The ' cove ' he answered, ' was down at the stock yard.' I thought 'cove,' was a curious Austra lain substitutiou for the word ' prince.' How ever, I went iu the direction indicated, and there found my old friend Cockey Thompson hard at work covered with. dirt. I was a good mind to turn straight back, but it was too late ; he knew I wa6 coming to see bim, and he recog nised me. * Hold on old fellow, we haven't many to finish,' he said, and, in a few minutes, having completed his disgusting operation of what is termed cutting and branding calves, be came out of the enclosure — * too dirty to shake hands, but I'm glud to see you for all that.' A pretty looking prince he was ; however, he took me and left with the princess. The dear little thing had just been superiuteuding the Chiua mau cook doing the dinner. By Jove! lean tell you he opened my eyes about 4 princely squatters; ' but there is no doubt that these f. llows are the making of the country. Yet Cockey Thompson tells me that the Government is doingall they can to drive them off iuto Queens land ; that nearly all his neighbours are off that the statiou-owners about him are head over ears iu debt to their agents, and that there is hardly a bona fide, solvent squatter in the colony. 1 atu going up to Queensland by the steamer next week to s«e if there is any change there. From what he told me, — what with floods, bad seasons, scab, and all sons of risks, cveu with the hardest work and greatest economy, — squat- ting is by no means a princely game to play at. So, Mr. Editor, I will wish you good-bye for the present. If the Government of Queensland are I inclined to give fair play, 1 kuow lot6 of fellows who won't mind going in either here or there, 1 I but they must have some encouragement. I bet you Cockey Thompson was hard at it five o'clock this morning, and the missus in the kitchen be fore six.' Antidote for the Sting or Bite of Poisonous Insects. — A Lady correspondent having read the Mercury's account of the death of the Rev. T. L. Dodd, of Hexham (whom she kuew audesteemed) from tbe bite of a fly, sends us the following specific, which it seems has repeatedly been tried, with beneficial results. She writes: — *' When I was a little girl I was stung by a wasp, near Windsor, in England ; one of the servants heard my scream* and brought the blue-bag that is used for rinsing clothes, and applied it to the wound. Ever since then I have recommended it. for 'all venomous bites. In eveiy part of the woild we have been we have never known it fail At tlie Condamiue, about three years siuce, a man of the name of M-Faddiu. was very nearly dead ; he had disturbed a wasp's nest; 1 imme diately applied the blue, and he had ease. It (the washing blue) has often been mentioned in | the Family 11 era W. Chase after Bushrangers. — For three days during the past week Constables Roche ami Buckley, of the Yass police, were engaged in watching a house near Man ton's Creek known to b;i fr- quent.-d by two young men whose ap prehension is particularly coveted by the police, as they are iu a position to connect them with ; more than one highway robbeiy that has re cently been perpetrated. As anticipated, the parties wanted visited the place, anxious, no doubt, to procure early particulars of the trial of three of their former companions at the quar ter sessions. Tliey enteied the hut, but imme diately afterwards-it is presumed iu cous- quence of being informed that the police were iu the vicinity — returned, aud remounted their horses, ridiug directly towards the spot where the con stables were on the Witch. Ou coming within a couple of hundred j'ards, they detected the police, and turned their horses' heads in the direction of Jerrawa. ' The constables instantly pursued, but tlie usual bad fortune attended their efforts. Buckley's horse stumbled aud fell upoti its rider; Constable .Roche continued the pur suit for some considerable distance, but the hoise he rode — a spare one, paddock fed —soon p -oved that it had no speed compared with the animals bestrode by the fugitives. Ruche most unwil lingly turned his horsed head and rode back to ascertaiu the fate of his comrade. — Yass Courier. A Backward Cowride. — During the Revo lutionary War, when a coi ps of the American army was encamped near the borough of Eliz* bethtowu, New Jersey, an officer, who, by the way, was more of a devotee of Venus than of ; Mars, paid his ad di esses to a lady of distinc tion, whom he was in the habit of visiting uightly. Ou adiscovery of the repeated absence of the officer, and ot the place where interviews with his Duiciuea -were had, some waggish friends resolved to play off a handsome trick at his expense, which should deter him from a repetition of his visits. The officer, it appears, rode a very small horse of the pony kind, which he left untied with the bridle reins over his n--ck, near the door, in order to ride off without delay, when tlie business of courting aud kiss was over, and the hoise always rernaiued till backed by the owuer, without attempting to change his position. On a certain dark and gloomy night, when the officer, as usual, had gone to p»y his devotions to the object of his de»*.rest affection, and was enjoying the approving smiles of the lovely fair oue, his waggish com panions went privately to the door of the house where the officer was, took his bridle and saddle from tbe horse, which they sent away, placed the bridle on the tail and the saddle on the back, and the crupper over the horns of a quiet old cow, who stood peacefully chewing her' cud near the spot. Immediately thereafter they retired some distance from the house, and sepa rating, raised the loud cry of alarm, that tbe enemy had landed and were marching iuto the village. Our hero, on hearing this, took counsel from bis fears, and snatching a hasty kiss, he shot out of the door with the Velocity of a musket-ball and mouuted into the saddle, with his back towards the head of the cow, and plunging his sharp spurs keenly into her sides, caused her to haul out with excessive paiu, and she datted with her best gallop towards the camp. The officer still plyiug his spurs with all his wine on board— finding himself hurrying backward, maugre of all his efforts to advance aud heariug the repeated bawlings of the tortured beast, imagined that he was carried off by magic, aud roaring out most lustily that the devil had got hiui — was thus carried iuto the very centre of the camp. The sentinels, hearing the noise, discharged their pieces and fled, ami alarm-guns were tired, the drums beat to arms, the officers left their quarters, and cried ' turn out' with all the strength of their lungs, soldiers started from their sleep as if a ghost had disturbed their dreams, and the whole body, running half naked, as quick as possible, in gallant deshabille, prepared to repel the terrible iuvader. When lol the ludicrous sight soon presented itself to their eyes of the gallaut officer mounted on a cow, with his face towards her tail, her tougue hangiug out, her sides gory with the gouging of the spnis, and himself almost deprived of reasons and half petrified with horror. A loud roar of laughter burst from the assembled band at the rider and his steed — the whole corps gave him* three times three cheers as he bolted into camp. He was carried to his quarters in triumph, there to dream of lovers' metamorphoses, backward rides, stern way advances, and alarms of invasions, and thereby garnish his mind with materials for writing a spleudid treatise on the uovel adven ture of a cowride. — Amrkan Paper. 