. KIR WAN UNMASKED. I REVIEW OF KIRWAN IN SIX LETTERS BY THE Rf. REV. JOHN HUGHES, DD., BISHOP OF NEW YORK. LETTER II. To Kibwan, alias The Rev. Nicholas -lgItrRRAY, DD., of EHzabethtown, New Jersey, . Dear Sir— The merit of your letters, if they Siave any in the eyes of sincere Protestants, is in ≠ supposed fact that you were brought up and Sastructed in the Catholic religion ; and that your t&sstimony; is mere trustworthy on thi3 account, ? waau II you Uou uccu */«*** w'« »/.wfc-oM» ^-j, M Protestant. This is, in fact, the ground which you have tfaken. You speak of yourself, of your know ledge and experience ol the Catholic religion, of ? -.?your reasons for renouncing it, from the beginn ing to the end of your letters. You are the witness in the cause; you are the hero of the romance ; and it will be impossible for me to do Justice to the review without paying attention to ?&he; prominent personality which you have establi shed for yourself, in assigning the reasons of ?^rour conversion. The first position which I intend to establish ?sEhen, is, that Ireland never produced a peasant smore ignorant of the Catholic, or of the Protes tfiant religion, than you were when you renounced $he creed of your fathers and became an infidel. ITor the proof of this position you shall be my witness. Turn to your first letter and read your *' I first became an infidel. Knowing nothing of religion but that which was taught me by parents and priests, and thinking that that was the sum of it, when that was rejected infidelity -Saoame my only alternative.'— p. 11. 41 On reaching the years of maturity my mind was a perfect blank as to all religious instruc tion.1' p. 30. ' Witt my Missal I was. somewhat familiar ; 31 said the catechism when I was confirmed, at tfhe age of nine or ten, and that was the amount ??-.of my religious education. At the age of eighteen years the catechism was forgotten, and tfche Missal was neglected, and as my conscience ?«was uneducated, and my mind unfurnished with xeligious principles, the only test of truth left (Siie was my common sense.'— p. 31. This was precisely the age at which you left t£he 'Cnurcb and became an infidel. Your ' mind ?-was a perfect blank as to all religious instruction.' Sin other words, you were perfectly ignorant of the religion which you were about to rejec'c, and, 5f we can trust to your own language, this ignor ance was the only reason going before and deter mining your conversion to infidelity. The reader may suppose that in proclaiming ?your profound ignorance of religion, your meaning 3a, that you understood the Catholic taith, in 'Which you were brought up, but that you were as yet ignorant of the pure evangelical doctrines which you have since ambraced. But this word .maybe a mistake. Your meaning is, that you were ^entirely ignorant of the Catholic religion, as well ias of all others. For this also we have your own testimony, in the following words : ' Some book or tract, now forgotten, gave rise to some inquiries as to the mass. I asked, 'What does it mean ? I could not tell, though for years a regular attendant upon it. Why does the priest dress so ? What book does he read fi-nm. otViaii p.arrierl now to his riorhfr. and ncwtr in Ms left? What means those candles burning at moonday? Why do I say prayers in Latin, which I understand not? Should I not know what I am sayiBg when addressing my Maker ? 1 Why bow down and strike my breast when the kittle bell rings? What does it all mean ? The \- darkness of Egypt rested upon these yeustions.' — Never did man forsake one religion and join another, who had contrived to be so profoundly . ignorant of the forsaken creed as you, Nicholas Murray; prove yourself to have been in regard to Catholicity, when you renounced it and became an infidel. Whatever you know of it now, true ?at: false, you have learned as other Protestants do, -outside of the Church, and from her enemies. It is imputed to our countrymen that they act :i£r8t, and reflect afterwards. lam sorry, sir that ;ijour conduct, when you renounced the creed of your humble, but, I have no doubt, virtuous and' respectable parents, goes so far to justify the impatation. It is certain on your own testimony, Jfchat when you ceased to be a Catholic and became tan infidel, the Catholic religion might be true or ought be false, for all you knew about it Tt ;« equally certain that when in 184-7, you published s^aeries of smart, if not learned, reasons for your \--jonauct thirty years ago, you have been again ?acting more Hibernice—ani sorry am I that during so long a period, with the advantages of American and Presbyterian training, you have mot yet outgrown the national weakness. But ?air, no genuine Irishman would attempt to justify ibis act by reasons whicb, in the order of time -occur to his mind thirty years after the act had 4-een performed— as you have done. A /rermin* ^Irishman would consent to be laughed at, and would join in the laugh witb right good humour, -rather than attempt the trick of reversing the wheel of time, and assigning the reasons of 1847 ..as the motives of his conduct in 1820. The chronology of the events which make u, ..?a case is oftentimes very important. Previous ti -your conversion you knew nothing of the Catholii ''? — nothing of the Protestant— religion. The -reasons assigned in your recent Letters, may oi ..-*nay not be good reasons ; but whether good oi .foad they had nothing to do with your change o ^saligioH, You blundered oat of tbe Church ana into infidelity, without knowing why or wherefore I \- and your reasons are all all out of date. They I might be styled with great propriety, ' An Irishman's Motives for becoming a Protestant, arranged -according to the order imputed to his Countrymen, that of acting first, and reflecting ?tfter wards.' You may blame your priests or your parents, as you please, for tbe peculiar absence of religious knowledge which preceded your conversion. But the fact of your profound ignorance of all religion at the period of your change is fhe material point, and you have been candid enough to establish that point beyond all dispute. You seen: to be troubled witb a peculiar weak ness of memory— and this is a great misfortune in a Christian man who writes for the edification of the public. After what we have just seen of your mental condition at the period of , jour apostacy from the Church, into what an awkward exbibition of yourself does this short memory betray you at tbe end of your last Letter, where you profess ''to state in a series of Letters to my Right Reverence the reasons which induced you to leave tbe Roman Catholic Church, and which prevent you from returning to it.' — (pjge 11.) Now, dear 'Kirwan,' we are told in logic that of two propositions whicb mutually contradict each other, one must be false. If your mind was ' a perfect blank as to all religious instruc tion,' as you assure us it was, (page 30,) how could you have had '* reasons that induced you to leave the Church?' — (page 11.) Have you for gotten in the one page what you had affirmed in tne other? Now, however, that I have. called your recollection to the mistake, pray be serious, and tell the public which of these contradictory statements you would have it to believe. Why, sir, your own great stand by, ' common sense,' revolts at the insults of religious ' reasons' offered from a mind which, as to religious in struction, is a ' perfect blank !!' Some persons may think that you are quizzing the public. I think not. Your memory appears to have been but poor from your childhood. And here allow me to pluck up a nettle which you would have planted on the graves of 'pour parents and priests.' Thanks to their charitable efforts for your instruction in the Christian doctrine, you ' know your catechism by heart, at the age of nine or ten years, when you were confirmed.'— (p, 31.) Now I would call this a good, almost an extraordinary memory in a child of ten years. It had taken in and retained the waters of Christian knowledge which overspread the pages of tbe entire Catechism which you kmw by heart. This was no trifle. But the first subsequent evidence of its failure is the fact you have forgotten to tell us of the sad catastrophe by which it became a cracked and leaky cistern immediately after confirmation; so that tbe ' catechism itself was forgotten' when you arri/ed at the jumping-off period of eighteen years. — {Ibid ) Pray, might I ask whether it was this, your precocious talent of forgetfulness which caused you to be ' even to be talked of. as a. candidate for Maynooth?'— (p 31.) But after all, dear sir, this memory of yours puzzles me amazingly. I turn to page 98, where having given me up, you address the Irish Catholic laity in such tones of winning tender ness, that Blarney Castle never tipped the human tongue with sweeter. 'Your present feelings, as to your Churcb, I have had, and in all their force. I can entirely appreciate them. I have cordially hated Protestantism and Protestants*, and I have seen the time when I regarded the man as my personal enemy who would utter a word against my religion. But those were the days of my youth and of my ignorance. When I became a man I put away childish things.' — (p. 98.) Why, this is queer, You had forgotten at eighteen what the Church had taught you ; and you remember at nine-and-forty your hatred of Protestants, which she never tauaht vou at all ! You remember that when you became a man you *' put away childish things' and ' became also an infidel.' Yet you forget that you had told us before, that when you became a man, there were no ' childish things' left to be put away— that they had already sloped from your memory — that at tbe early age of eighteen you bad ' forgotten them,' and that as to religious in struction your mind was a ' perfect blank.' It is not my business to reconcile these flat, j nalnable contradictions. T have established, from your own repeated avowal, your utter and pro found ignorance of tbe Catholic religion, when you left the Churcb, and became an infidel. You never came back to finish, or rather to begin your Catholic education. Like one of the winged messengers let loose from tbe hand of the Patriarch, you found mere congenial sustenance abroad, and you returned to the Ark no more. In all this you may hare been sincere, and if you were in nothing of this do I blame you. But I do blame you for assuming a character which does not belong to you. When a man changes his religion he ought to be serious and sincere. When he does it witb that^ direct reference to his account at the bar ol God's eternal judgment, which leaves no doub as to the sincerity of his motire, then, as I have said once before, I regard it as the grandest and most truly heroic act of w.hicb a rational being i& c»pable on this earth. To assign the motivesfor v «cn an act is equally fair and honourable. But sir, I can conceive of nothing more disgusting to an upright mind, than to discover what is vul garly, but# very expressly called 'humbug' vi- # U? '? tbe a8signment of such motives. This foul admixture is what I charge upon you. recent letters, and what I blame. The American public are generous, and credu I us, also, towards those vrho profess to write foi i heir amusement or instruction. Being chief! Protestants, little acquainted with the religion which you have forsaken and denounced, they would be — they have been — particularly generous and credulous towards you. As an Irishman, it was unworthy of you to take unfair advantage of these noble sentiments. It is true, that if they read your pages with a cold impartial criticisim, they would see enough to put them on their guard. But your profound ignorance of tbe Catbolic doctrine, when you be came an infidel, which you assert and repeat, usque ad nauseam, they will construe, like yourself, as the reproach of our parents and Priests. On the other hand, your introduction of yourself as one brought up in the ' camp of the enemy,' was obviously intended to deceive them. Here is your bow to tbe public : 'I was baptized by a Priest— I was confirmed by a Bishop — I often went to confession — I have worn my amulets — and I have said my Pater Nosters and my Hail Marys, more times than I can now enumerate.' -(P. 10) Now, this announcement of your competency to treat the subject, is sufficiently brief and suf ficiently stupid. Barring the ' amulets,' Voltaire could have said tbe same of himself. But ninety nine out of everv hundred of vour American readers would say on perusing this : ' There, there at length, is a man who knows Popery from within, from personal knowledge —a man who with the modesty of true genius, merely insinuates the extent of bis information, and thus avoids egotism and the offensive display of his gifts,' Such feelings on the part of the American pub lic ought not to be trifled with by you. Of your own knowledge of Popery, as you call it, you know nothing — and you have avowed it. Then you are no more competent to speak or write of it then Dr. Brownlee was. What you know of it true or false, you, like him, have learned from its enemies But there is a difference. Dr. Brownlee never, had a chance to learn and then forget the Catho lic catechism before tbe age of eighteen. Let the public, then understand tbat you are to take rank among those anti- Catholic writers, who draw from such fountains as that mamoth reservoir—' McGavin's Protestant.' AntiCa tholic retai'ers like you may take from that source theological lore to any extent, and deal it out to those. who have a relish for it. It would seem tbat such persons are still numerous enough to make the nineteenth century ashamed of itself, if it were the age of light which it professes to be. In this letter I have proved, on your own tes timony, that you were utterly ignorant of Catholic doctiine when you left the Church and became an infidel. In my next I shall have the more pleasing task of tracing your progress out of infi delity and' into Presbyterianism, which was a decided improvement in your spiritual, and pos sibly in your temporal condition. Meanwhile, I feel tbe same pity and benevolence towards you John Hughes, Bishop of New York. Ireland as the old battle-ground of English Par liamentary warfare furnished occasion to remarkable utterances at the opening of the session in February last. We publish the remarkable speech of the eloquent Whiteside, and aho extracts from the speeches of Earl Derby in the Lords and of D'Isra'l in the Commons. It is not so much sympathy or sorrow with the woes of Ireland or the tactics of party which influence those gentry, hut even under the circumstances how suggestive are the notes ot alarm raised by them. ' Varro! Varrol where are my Legions?' will be echoed when the great struggle arises and then ,it will be found a?, the Times said, that the Irish are gone witb a vengeance. Aye gone with a vengeance MR. WHITESIDE'S SPEECH. House of Commons — Friday, Feb. 6. REPORT ON THE ADDRESS, Lord R. Grosvenor brought up the report on the address in reply to the Queen's Speech, which was read by the clerk at the table. Mr. Wbiteside wished to make a few remarks apon a subject which could not have been very conveniently discussed on the previous evening. The hon. gentleman the seconder of tbe address (Mr. Goschen), in the course of bis very able speech, had taken an opportunity to dilate upon the prosperity of the country, but be expressed a fear lest to the working- classes any congratula tions on tbat subject might seem to have more in them of irony than of truth. While cordially agreeing with the general scope of the hon. gen leman remarks, he feared tbat there would real y be some ground for his (Mr. Goschen's) ap prehensions, if his speech should happen t' be read in Ireland. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Wbiteside) could not treat this as any mere pro vincial oustinn. for he could not foramt thp trms in which a distinguished member of tbe party opposite (Lord Macauley) bad spoken of Ireland. ' That country, sir, in extent about one- fourth of the United Kingdom; in popula tion certainly more than one-fourth; superior probably in natural fruitfulness to any area ol equal size in Europe; possessed of a position which holds out the greatest facilities for com merce ; at least equal to any other country of tbe same extent in the world ; an inexhaustible nursery of the finest soldiers ; a country beyond all doubt of far higher consequence to the pros perity and greatness of this empire than all its far dependencies, were they magnified four or five times over ; superior to Canada added to the West Indies, and both these conjoined with our possessions in the Cape and in Australia, and with a tbe wide domains of the Moguls— such, ii the ite in which you have reduced it, tbat it is the urce not of confidence and strength, but of ahn and weakness. How do you goverrt?' (B-ar, hear.) That was a ques tion vjich he (Mr. Whiteside) would presently have I ask. He would now recall what had fallen irom tbe Chancellor of tbe Exchequer wben i presented to the house his last financial statennt. That hon gentleman, instead of gainin a million, as he had anticipated, by an operat n in right spirits, had lost a considerable sum ; ltd it was necessary for bim in his budget speech ;o account tor tbe failure. The right hon. gentlelan, therefore, began by expressing his doubt rhether the public adequately appreciated tbe exint of the calamity under whicb Ireland for theastfew years had been suffering. (Hear, bear). He said that tbe average value of the four great e-ns of its agricultural wealth for some year, (ding with 1859, bad been £38.4.77,000. In 180-1 it was only £34,89G,000 In 18*1 -Sit was £29,177,00 0 And in .1862 S £27,3^,00 ; showing thus a diminution of above taelve millions sterling — an amount not very mlch short of the estimated annual value of the coultry, which was taken at £13,400,000. The riglt hon. gentleman concluded his reference to thesibject with the following remark : — 'The state at things thus exhibited is one not less remarcable than painful.' The right bon. gentlehan proposed no remedy — he apparently left tlat to tbe wisdom of parliament. (Hear, hear). A very interesting question now would of course be, what had been the result of the year's harvest just concluded. There was an organ which represented the opinions of the gentlemen who sit below the gangway ; and these were the terms in which tbe writer who had prepared the yearly summary for that paper spoke of Ireland — ' the impression of the cheerfulness of that harvest time is still vivid. Never was a bountiful harvest more welcome. But for one drawback, therefore, we should have been in tbe highest spirits about our own home prospects. We have saved £20,000,000 by such a season, but Ireland seems to be in almost as bad a plight as last year. There seems to be no doubt that the losses of Ireland by three previous bad seasons have been greater than the country can afford, so that the benefits of this year's fine weather have been but little felt. By degrees, however, we come to see that tbe prodigious emigration taking place from all tbe ports was natural and necessary under the homestead law, and the dearness of labour in the United States. True as this is, we all feel it a grief and shame that Ireland should be so inferior to other coun tries as a residence for the working classes — and while hot at all desiring to detain those who are going away to improve their chances in life, we , cannot but wish that those chances were improv ing at home faster than they do. This has been one of the troubles of the year.' (Hear, hear). Such were the words of, the Daily News on tuns oubject. Nexi to ogriculture, tbe two greatest interests in Ireland were paper and spirits. Is was calculated that there had br-en a falling off in the yearly manufacture of the latter article amounting to no less than rive million gallons, and tbat where there were now formerly ninety one distilleries in 1835, there were now only twenty- five, of which one had since closed. The distiller, it should be remembered, purchased a great deal of grain which was not suitable for other purposes ; and the depression in this branch of industry was thus another blow to the agri UUUU1G Ul -liCiauu. £L9 dir JJdJJCr, LIB UC1U 111 I11S hand a letter from Mr. Alfred Greer, a gentlemen who had two mills in the county of Cork, who wrote that the remission of the Customs duty on foreign paper, combined with the retention of the duties on tbe export of foreign rags, had acted as a direct bounty upon the manufacture of other countries. He had been in business 20 year?, and he had always been able, even during the famine and the severe commercial crisis which had occurred during tbat period, to keep his mills open and to pay bis work-people full wages ; but be bad now been reluctantly compelled to put his hands upon short time. He found that the rags obtained by his local collection had risen in price from 50 to 100 per cent. He was informed by the officers of excise that he had formerly been in the habit of paying a fifth of the whole duty paid in Ireland. His chief market had then been in Eng land, but he had been obliged to close his London house. He (Mr. Whiteside now turned to another important question— that of holdings in Ireland. The emigration from 184*1 to July, 1863 had amounted to no less than 2,718,967. Such a thing had never before been witnessed in the history of tbe world ; and the figures were more over changing while be spoke; for emigration was now continued through tbe whole of the winter months. The could be no doubt that tbe general legislation of the country of late years had borne very harsh and severely upon Ireland. This fact has been admitted by a writer in tie Edinburgh Review. He was not about to say, in an assembly of tbat kind, that they were to meddle with the corn laws, but he would invite the attention of those who said they were the friends of the working classes to this. When tbe corn laws were repealed, it was said that they must give to the working classes tbe sime amount of labour in manufactures of that kind. No doubt they hud encouraged a factitious system of manufactures, but that speedily failed, and the results which bad been foreseen were now being strictly fulfilled. He did not know whether hon. members read pamphlets on the subject, but they were acquinted at least with '? Mill's Political Economy.' Mr. Mill's opinion was that all the cottier tenants in Ireland must cease to be — that ve mast finish them-(a laugh)— and he (Mr 'Wbi/eside) agreed with him. Now, there were BtUJ in Ireland 40,000 of these cottier, one-acre tenants. That was a small matter, but giving frtir or five to each family it would give some 360,000 persons. Then the-e were persons holding under five acres, 85,469. Between five and fifteen acres there were 183,931 ; and under twenty-five acres— here he must observe, there was a decrease— there were 141,000; and if they liked to followed out this principle, that all the small farms farmers must disappear from the country, that would dispose ef from 1,000,000 to 2,000,000 of the inhabitants of Ireland. But was that theory true? He did not dis pute that in rich and extensive countries large farms were necessary ; but he disputed the theory in small and poor countries. Any hon. gentle man who had been to Belgium or the Low Countries, who had walked over Switzerland, or looked into the valley of the Arno, Tuscany, or Lombardy, would admit that the argument of Mr. Laing was correct— that, altogether differences were to be made for soil and climate a8 to the productiveness of small countries, yet, as to, the size of the farms, facts were against the modern theory. (Hear, hear). Let them look at Armagh, or the immense county of Cork, and they would see the extra ordinary resets of agricultural pro duce. In 1863, Armagh, where there was an acreage of 328,000 in area, bad, 178,672 acres in tillage, of which 27,000 were under flax, whilst Cork, with an area of 1,491,613 acres, or nearly six times as large, had only 481,655 acres under tillage. The theory consequently led to a very awful conclusion, but it was met by facts which they could neither answer nor deny. If that were the case ; if he had brought before the house the condition of bis country sufficiently for the purpose, be ought not to quit the subject without drawing attention to the subject of emigration. It was computed that within the last thirteen months 100,000 fighting men had gone to the States of America. Whole armies from Ireland had gone to fight there the real battle, whilst subtle wits were fighting sham battles in the Ex chequer about mere logs of wood upon the water. The emissaries of America were, by means of specious promises, inducing whole armies of men to go to America, who, on many a doubtful field, bad maintained their empire and promoted their glory. (Cheers). In the history of what country were circumstances to be found of a similar nature ? What mode of alleviation had been suggested on the part of the eminent persons who formed the local governments of Ire land ? He sesrched what had been said by those high authorities, the National Board of Edu cation, and he found that Lord Carlisle had pointed out the great advantages of the sys tem that prevailed. At this crisis they were in structing the youth of the country in astronomy, algebra, physiology, geology, and all other mys terious sciences — (a laugh)— and they only suc ceeded in making them discontented subjects of the Queen. Observe the blessed effects which followed from all this education. They fattened the ox to enable him to be cut up in England, and they polished the Celt that he might be cut. up in America. The chief commissioner of that board might settle himself down in the country, atd say with Robinson Crusoe, ' I am monarch of all I survey,' I have fulfilled my mission, I have discharged my duties, I have educated all the people; and in this happy country there are now neither parents nor pupils.' But what suggestion did they make to assist the sufferings. of the people? None whatever. He could assure the Chancellor of the Exchequer he did not intend to enter into the question of taxation, but the people declared that they could not pay the burdens laid upon them, and he (Mr. Whiteside) did not think the matter would be mended if the new theory prevailed of substituting cattle for men. (Hear.). These innocent animals, at any rate, did not consume excisable articles and, he would remind the hon, member for Sheffield, used neither knives nor forks. (Laughter). With these facts before him, might he not ask the bouse, inasmuch as three suc cessive bad harvests were not the harvests of the people, as these grave calamities overtook them not by their own act, whether it would not have been a gracious thing to have expressed a like sympathy for them as had been expressed for the Buffering artisans of Manchester; for if they compared the wealth ot the two countries — their nominal wealth, their manufacturing wealth, and their manufacturing power— they would see how vast a loss to Ireland must be the loss of £15,000,000 or £20,000,000, and that that amount must be multiplied by ten in order to describe a similar amount of distress in England. It might have been graceful to no-. Vice these grave domestic events as being as well worthy of the notice ' and consideration of the house as any that concern the smallest princi palities in Germany. If he were asked what were his hopes in reference to this state of,, affairs from the local government of Ireland, he con fessed he had no hope. Last session be recol lected meeting in the lobby of the house a mer-.. chant from Belfast, and upon enquiry why he had left his affairs at home, he was told it was business of importance, and upon further inquiry why it could not be transacted with the govern ment in Ireland, he was met by the reply, ?* The local government of Ireland is Larcom and the police.' He beard this with humiliation. The only real things in Ireland were the Under Secretary and the police. (Hear, hear.) 'All the rest was leather and prunella.' The police was a real power. The Under Secretary did not make his appearance in the bouse He wrote the orders, he pulled the strings, he did the work exempt from political responsibility and much observation. In former times the office was usual y filled by an Irish gentleman. He re membered the names of Mr. Lucas, Mr. Penne father, who was with Lord Liverpool, and Mr. Wynne, and three more able and useful servants of the crown could not be found in the empire But by the new Treasury system they could never fill any such situation in the country at all. But let them look at the Chief Secretaries. He (Mr. Whiteside) believed he had three Irish Chief Secretaries before him. They seldom visited the country. Their stay was short, and they generally fled away by night. (Hear, and laughter). One was the right honourable gentle man the member for Stroud. He was Secretary for a time, and he Mr. (White side) had beard him say he had nothing to do — and he would do the right hon gentleman the justice to say he did what he had to do very agreeably' The truth was a Secretary might do as little or as much as he pleased — he might throw all the burden upon the Under Secretary; but in Ireland the right bon. gentle man found nothing to do, and why ? because he did nothing. (Hear, hear). But if he bad applied bis clear understanding to the subjects and questions that had to be considered — and there was no one who respected the right hon. gentleman's splendid abilities in debate more than be did — but subjects difficult, troublesome, and a little repulsive, as no doubt they were, he would have found, as bis right hon. friend, the member for Cambridge University, discovered when he was in office, that there was abundant work for those who were willing to undertake it. The right hon. gentleman for the city of Oxford came next, and he (Mr. Whiteside) never could find out why he came or why he left. Now, that the right hon. gentleman was more industrious, for be copied some of their bills, and he - (Mr. Whiteside) was compelled to say he copied them badly. He remembered the right hon gentle man keeping them three weeks during one sum mer while he invented penal laws. He (Mr. Wbiteside) believed tbat the inventors of penal laws ought to be classed with the inventors of poisons. One of these penal law* was intended to punish the young men of Londonderry for singing certain lays and hanging out flags, and he could assure the right hon. gentlemen that that law was a dead letter. Then the right hon. baronet, the member for Tamworth, dashed into our country He penetrated into the interior, crossed the mountains, and found his way to Londonderry, from which capital he (Mr. Whiteside) believed he wrote a despatch, like Julius, to the noble viscount, in the celebrated words ' Veni, vidi, vici.' The right hon. baronet was under the delusion that out of our personal respect for him, and the name — the honoured name — he bore, they were all to change places. Now to a change of places in the regular way, be (Mr. Whiteside) had no objection — but in an irregular manner he was not prepared to quit his party or his friends; and wben be remembered the eloquent speech which the right hon. gentle man had delivered, as eloquent as any he had spoken at Tamworth— (laugbter)— wuen bo re collected they were all to be converted, the, question was te what they were to be converted, when in truth, as he understood the policy to be introduced by the right hon. gentleman, he was understood to be at first a Radical, then a Reformer, then a Whig, and finally, as he (Mr. Whiteside) had been informed, a Tory — and now he bad attached himself to the noble viscount. Now, he (Mr. Whiteside) should like to know how they imagined they were to continue to maintain Jthe government of a kingdom of the size of Ireland by the exclusion of the brains, the industry, the property, and the intelligence of the country. (Hear, hear). He asked those gentle men who wrote their essays to every country in the world, Baying that this was a time to establish the theory, tbat the sovereign should be elected by the people, that kings should reign by universal suffrage — a principle which he denied, what was their theory with respect to the govern ment of Ireland? Their theory was that every gentleman of property and intelligence in Ireland was to be excluded from every share — even the smallest — in the government of his native country. And who invented that theory ? The men who invited all other countries to govern themselves, who said that the people of every coun try were to choose their own ruler. If that was the principle of the present governm°nt, how had they managed to carry it out ? He had said last night that the principle of the government was one of counteraction — and the local government of Ireland was founded, on the same principle. Then they had two parties, the object of the one being to resist the control of and to baffle the other; and in the condition of Ireland, wben would they have anything proposed, suggested, and recommended by the highest authority, tbat would be useful to the country where it was employed? (Hear, hearj What did they find? A Whig Lord Lieutenant. He (Mr. Whiteside) bad nothing to object to Lord Car lisle; he was a high-minded, eloquent, and accomplished man. All he wanted was — a party ; he had not the ghost of a party He had, indeed, the name of a party with a high historic name, which was dead in Ireland ; and one of the curiosities which it was desired to add to the national repositories was a mummy, preserved in a case, labelled as 'The last Irish Whig' He would give the house the clue to the decay of that party. In the best days it was ex clusive, intolerant, selfish — it professed:to exclude the intellect of the country and the intellect of the country reseu ted that exclusion, and resented it still.: .What was the strength of the party of the right hon . baronet (Sir R. Peel) ? It consisted in this —they were about to return to the next parlia rneat the 25th part of a Peelite (laughter). Upon the strictest computation that was the utmost tbat could be fouad in that direction. Who were their rulers in Ireland? Where was their par liamentary support? If Lord Carlisle were to address 10,000 men in any part of Ireland on the question whether they would now give their assent to an ancient Whig, would 500, would five, say yes? That was the condition of tbe government in the country. There was two parties— one headed by Lord Chancellor Brady, the other the relics of the followers of O'ConnelJ, and the Lord Lieutenant was a mediator between these two contending forces. He was now raising a statue to O'Connell. To that he (Mr. White side) had no objection. ? He did not agree in O'Connell's principles, but be did not believe him to have been ascribed to him. On one occasion he did him (Mr. Whiteside) the honour to ask him to defend tim, and from what he (Mr. White side) could learn, he (O'Connell) merely desired to sever the union between the two countries,' and *o establish a parliament in Ireland, of which he whs to be the supreme head. He did not hold these opinions, nor did he censure the gentlemen who held them. The Lord Chancellor never de ceived any person, because he always avowed and' maintained was how gentleman could sit at the same table to consider of the good of the country who held diametrically, opposite opinions. In the; time of Lord Eglinton there was no such difference of opinion, and no. trouble was given on that account to the Secretary for Ireland. But the common conversation in the Four Courts of Dublin was as to the conflicts which were taking place between the different members of the government. Probably many gentlemen might have seen in tbe columns of a leading journal letters signed ?*' An Old Tory.' ' Although signed they contained some questionable doctrines. But it was asserted that they were not written by an old Tory, but by a brisk young Radical, who was said to be the Chancellor's son. They presented certain views, writing up the Conservative party and writing down the Whig party. When the thing was fouid) out his defence was this, that he considered there was an attempt to put out the Chancellor and to put in some one else, and that without the sanction of that eminent person he wrote those letters in the charactar of a higu Tory. He wished to ask bis right hon. friend whether be believed such an administration could conduct the business of Ireland? Whatever the form of government, Ireland must be governed wisely and consistently. If not, then tbe govern ment must take the consequences. He believed the Chancellor acted according to his prin ciples, but he also believed that if Ponsonbj, who led his party, Plunket, Curran, Bushe — of whom Shiel said that they were thrown away upon a profession and a province— if those men were to stand before Lord Chancellor Brady, the question with him would be not as to the superior ability, learning, and genius, but simply whether they belonged to his clique. Those who established iliat modtj of government in Ireland must take the consequences..;, He placed those facts before the house,' and asSed his right Bon. friend whether he thought it possible that he could be the political Coriolanus of the day. He had described the present condition of Ireland, but he must say that there was one bright spot in it. Whilst two pro vinces were in the condition he described, the province of Ulster wasflourishing and prosperous.* In Ulster they maintained their populaiton by superior industry, and he shouid wish to see the like industry and success extending the other parts of Ireland. He abjured the policy that if one part of a country was prosperous, the rest should be content. It was his conviction that the country could not be truly! contented, prosperous, and happy unless a similar amout of that prosperity which prevailed in tbe north should be extended to the west and south. As to the idea tbat the agricultare of a country was to.be discouraged, that was a theory which he could not adopt. The greatest empire the world ever saw— -Rome — was practised in agriculture and arms ; and the foun dation of her power was laid when Cincinnatus tilled his own lands. Commercial Carthage could not withstand her. Tbe organisation of the Greeks did not save them. And when the Roman empire began to decline, an endeavour was made to revive the taste for agriculture, not by the sophistry of calculators, but by the imperishable charms of verse. (Hear, hear). We could not have a strong or prosperous country if agricultare was to be abandoned in two provinces. On the grounds he had stated, he asked the house if it was unfair to expect that a few gracious words might be used in the address in reply to the speech from the throne to soothe the sorrow of the nation, and whether it was too much to expect from your benevolence, to seek from your wis lorn tocentrive, and your ability to perform, something to staunch the bleeding wounds of Ireland. (Cheers). Mr. Disraeli. If, therefore, tbe sympathy of the Sovereign and of Parliament be, as I believe fcincerely it is, an expression of sentiment highly valued .by the natiou, I think it would have been as well' if Her Majesty's Government had taken this occasion to refer to the present condition of j'rehnd. (Hear, hear.) Last year we were all semible of the sufferings of the agricultural popu lation of Ireland, They were tben sustaining the unfortunate results of three consecutive bad harvests. In England we have 'been favoured * iliiti suieaieiil ot Me eiuqucui uiuiur is at variance with the truth, as we can prove from official ? eunis, and from the falling off in staple niacu . ajtuie of Ulster. We shall return to the subject agiin. with exuberant and abounding crops, but I fear -hat blessing has not been extended to the sister country. The distress in Ireland must, therefore, now be greatly aggravated, and I think it would have been wise, I am sure it would have been true, and I hold that it would have been politic, to acknowledge not merely the existence of the distress in Ireland, but that it has been borne in a manner which for patience and endurance is as exemplary as that wfcich has been shown by our fellow-subjects in the manufacturing districts. I know that there are philosophers at present who look upon the increased emigration from Ireland as a proceeding which need not occa~ sion any anxiety to the State I have no doubt that emigration has, been caused by blended causes, that it may not entirely proceed from the agrarian distress which has so long prevailed, yet I do not think that any sagcious Minister, par ticularly in tbe times in which we live, cm view tbe flitting of large numbers of Her Majesty's subjects with indifference— a race, too, on which. ? in the hour of trial and emergency we have so- ? ? much depended, and whom we Ivave always ? found a gaVant and gifted people. (Cheers.)! ?- the Earl of Derby'; There is one point con- ? nected with the internal condition of the country ? which was adverted to with great propriety by ? the noble marquis, viz.,- , the distress which has fallen upon certain districts in Ireland. I think that distress deserves to be mentioned here, not ~ that it is possible for your lordships to apply i , remedy, but because it is right that you, who have so liberally, so generously, recognised tbe patience with which the manufacturing districts - of the north of England have borne their suffer ings* should pay the same tribute to the patience and good order with which in the south and- west of Ireland most grievous privations have been borne. (Hear, hear.) Ireland has had to lament three bad harvests, and there can be no doubt that in many districts the smallest farmers especially are in a state of the greatest possible difficulty. The d-pression of the country cannot be better proved than by recent statistics, which show that although an increase has taken place in the quantity of land devoted to pasturage, yet in the course of the last few years there has been not a considerable increase but a con«i* derable diminution in tbe amount of stock main tained in the agricultural districts The cause of that diminution I take to be this — the necessities - of the small farmers have been so great that they have been compelled to sell off ther stock at as . earlier age than usual, anJ the stock has conse quently been reduced, the farmers not retaining ..; a sufficient breed to keep up the quantity! (Hear, hear.) But, my lords, there is another circumstance connected with Irish distress which must not be overlooked on the present occasion, . viz , that enormous and unparalleled emigration ? which has recently taken place from Ireland— aa emigration so extensive that nothing has ever approached it — an emigration, too, the more to be ? regretted because I am afraid a large proportion of those who emigrate will really serve to feed the unhappy and desolating war in North America. (Hear, hear.) I am afraid that many who are- ? - going away in the hope of finding peaceful employment will find those hopes disappointed,., and will entail upon thetnselv s and their families great misery, while they are entering into an atmosphere which is not likely to improve their love and affection for the land of their birth. i (Hear, hear.) - 