FRIDAY, MARCH l8, 1864. In tho Legislative Council yesterday, Mr. HDLL Bnbrnitted a resolution on the subject of tko defences of the colony, which was agreed to. The Land Act Amendment Bill was brought up from the Assembly, and read a first time. Mr. HERVEY moved an address of congra- tulation to Her Majesty on the birth of a son to the Prince and Princess of Wales, which WOB agreed to. Mr. HERVEY moved the adoption of a series of resolutions on the subject of trans- put tatton, in answer to the recent despatch of tho Duke of Newcastle, which were agreed to. The Council then adjourned (for the Easter holidays) till the 13th of April. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, In answer to Mr. Cohen, Mr. FRANCIS said tho Government recog- nized the anomaly that existed in the tariff, in the imposition of a duty of 6s. per cwfc. on raw sugar while manufactured sugar was allowed to be Introduced duty free. It would be re- medied in the first bill that might bo brought in to amend the tariff. In answer to Mr. Anderson, Mr, FRANCIS said no recent communi- cation had been received from tho Govern- ment of Now South Wales or South Aus- tralia on the subject of the border duties. In the late conference, the Treasurer of South Australia stated that the New South Wales Government and the South Australian Go- vernment had agreed that the latter should colltct duties (on the basis of tho Now South Wales tariff) on river-borne goods entering New South Wales and Victoria by the Murray. For that service South Australia would receive ten per cent, of the duties col- lected ; sixty per cont. would be tho share oi New South Wales ; and thirty per cent, the sharo of Victoria. The two colonies, how- ever, presented further claims, whioh would practically absorb the share of this colony Ho had, therefore, doolined to be a party te the arrangement. Mr. ßuiuvAN then moved for leave te bring in a bill to regulate the affairs of the gold-fields, that members might have an op portunlty of considering the bill during the recess. It was proposed to repeal the ox isting law on the subject, and re-enacl such portions of the law as it was desirable te retain. He proposed that a minor's righi might bo taken out for Eevoral years, ia pla« of annually, for a foe of 10a., and that Ü3 pos- session should entitle the holder to hold i certain amount of ground, according to thi nature of the sinking, whether shallow, inter mediate, or deep. He proposed to follow tai recommendations of tho Royal Commission ti some extent The timo had not come to abo lish tho mining boards, which were of arepre sentativc character. Ho would increase thei number, but decrease their powers, hand ing over some of their duties to municlpa bodies and others to the Mining department The cocponse to the country would not be In cieascd. He did not propose to pay tho mom bcrs, but that the amount now set apart fo that purpose should bo handed over to th boards, to meet their incidental expenses. H nextdealtwith the delicate question of minin on private property. When» a lead of gol was traced up to private property, the owne of the land would be entitled to make term with tbo miners, by which it might bo followe into his property ; but where such arning' monts, satisfactory to both parties, wera not entered into by the owner, tho parson desiring to mine on private property might bring the owner, hy summons, before the Court of Mines, on suflicient notice. Tho judge would have the power, .with tho assist- ance of two assessors, to value the damage the miner would occasion and then could authoriso the entry of the miner on the land. He proposed to re- duce the cost of business licences from £10 to £5 per annum, and tho rent of auriferous land from COs. to 20a. per aore. He would suggest few alterations as regards the Courts of Mines. Be would alter the relations of tho warden and the judge of the Court of Mines. Ho pro- posed to make the latter, in some cases, an arbitrator, whose decision should be final. He proposed to give the warden powers to iesuo injunctions, and maintain them until decisions wore arrived at. Ile proposed to deal with the unsatisfactory frontage system, under which prop3tties on Ballarat wero held to the extent of millions, by creating a new tribunal-to b3 called the Boundaries Court-whloh should deal with the equities of all cases of frontage titles. That Court would be composed of a judge of the Supremo Court, a barrister, and a judge of the Court of Hines; it wonld have plonary powers, and its decisions would be final, the Mining department bolng re- quired to Issue leases in accordance with the Court's decisions. He had gone over the most salient points of the mea- sure; and he would add that the mining bye-laws would bo codified. Ho invited candid criticism, when, on the resumption of buslneeB after the recess, the bill would como on for careful consideration. Ha hoped a bill -would be turned out that would bo a credit to the country. Mr. HUMTFBAY confessed that he was pleased with the outline of the measure as sketched by the hon. Ministar of Mine3. Ho doubted, however, whether the decisions of any of the courts should be mado final. After some observations from Mr. O'CON NOH, Mr. WOOD said some portions of tho bill would meet with no opposition. Ho thought others would lead to discussion-ho hoped of a friendly character-such as the reduction of the prices of the minor's right and business licence. He should havo liked more informa- tion OB to the duties proposed to b3 given to the mining boards, whioh should bo more of an executive than a legislative cha- racter. He waa scarcely prepared to give his adherence to the proposition of giving the judges of Courts of Mines power to pormit the entrance of minors on private proporty for the purpose of mining. He would rather see that task devolve on the Ministor of Mints, or the Governor in Council. He did not soy he would oppose the Boundaries Court ; but the powers proposed to bo given that Court were very extensive, though not more so than was absolutely required. Mr. B. G. DAVIES expressed his satisfaction with the sketch given by the Mining Minister of the contents of his bill. He thought it would give general satisfaction. After some remarks from Mr. RAMSAY, The motion was agreed to, and the bill brought in and read a first time. Mr. M'CuiiLocu then moved tho adoption of an address of congratulation to Her Ma- jesty on the birth of a Bon to the Prince and Princess of Wales, which was agreed to. Mr. M'Coxr,ocn submitted a serle3 of reso- lutions on the Bubject of transportation, in answer to the despatch of the Duke of New- castle, dated 26th January last (published in The Argus yesterday). The hon. member ex- pressed MB satisfaction that public feeling in England on this subject had changed, bul thought the despatch was most unsatisfac- tory in so far ai it stated that trans- portation to Western Australia would b< continued at the present rate. Continuoui efforts, he had no doubt, would induce the British Government to reverse its decision ir thiB matter. He quoted passages from a speed by the Duke of Newcastle in 1853, to Bhov that at that time it we? not contemplate* that trantpoi tatton should long be continued even to Western Australia. Mr. HAIME« bad pleasure In seconding th motion. The Government deserve i credit fo so promptly taking up the despatch now oi the table. He was satisfied that no bread of faith would be committed by the immedi ate cessation of transportation to Westen Australia. The abolition of the conditions pardon system would drive the expirées into this colony. He suggested an additional resc lution expressive of his views on those tw pointe. Mr. MICHIE said the Ministry could no object to the introduction of the additions resolution, but thought the object was mot ii the third of the series proposed hythe Govern ment. Mr. WOOD thought the third resolutio: might be made to touch more directly on th statement made by the Duke of Newcastle ii 1853, as quoted by tho Chief Secretary. Mr. O'SHANASSY (who had just entered th House) vehemently complained that tbeHous was called upon to deal with this subje< without due notice. On a cursory glance h could not find that it was boldly set out the the right of self-government having bee conferred on all the colonies of Australia, e: cepting that of Western Australia, the Britis Government had no longer the right to lnflu such an evil as the continuance oftranspo: tatton against the protest of the coloni« directly affected. Mr. MICHIE reminded the hon. memb< that so long as this country remained a di pendency, the British Government had right to send its convicts here-a3 it had i any English county, to Scotland, or Irolam as it chose. That was why the language < protest was used. Mr. O'SHANASSY donied the right of ti British Government to send its convicts her and reminded the House of the action of tt United States (when a colony), when ti British Government attempted to exercise similar right-that of imposing taxation. TI " right" of the colony In this matter shoul bo boldly asserted. Ho moved tho adjouri mont of the debato. Mr. HAINES also seconded this amend-en though he admitted some little inconsistent in doing so. His hon. friend, he though went too far, but good -would result, 1 thought, from a few days' delay. Mr. M'CULLOOH could not assont to pos pone this matter, Tho hon. member coi fessed that he had not read the resolutions why, then, could ho say they were not stror enough ? They were, in fact, stronger tba those on wbich the hon. member prided hie self. It was unfair in the hon. member ft Kilmore to throw the apple of discord ini the House as he had done. Promptitude : this matter was half tho battle. Mr. DON supported the views of the ho member for Kilmore. The volunteers BIIOU' bo called out, if necessary, to resiBt the a proach of convicts. Mr. HiGiN-EOTHAM said there wasnodiffe euee of opinion in the colonies on this su ject. It was held that the British Gover mont had no " moral" right to send convie hero; but that it had no "legal" rig to do so could not be maintained, would be unwise to assert it. TI use of this strong language was more i jurloua than useful. It was better to u good, moderate, and distinct English la guage, than impudent bluster. Mr, MICHIE opposed the amendment, and pointed out that the change of feeling in England on this subject had been brought about by the uso of moderate language. What could the colony do if a British frigate carno into the bay to teach us our true position ? Mr. O'SHAN-ASSVT believed there was power enough in the loyalty of the colony to resist even a frigate. Mr. MICHIE said tho hon. member had not answered his question. The "Btrong" lan guago referred to would simply excito con- tempt. The question botween the colonies and the mother country was altogether dif- ferent from that which led to the indepen- dence of the United Slatci. Mr. LOADER thought the resolutions might be made stronger, and suggested an addition indicating a willingnris to send convicts fiom this colony to Western Aus- tralia. The amendment was negatived, and the motion was agreed to after a prot33t from Mr. O'shanassy m to the unnecessarily mild terms of the resolution. The remaining business was postponed, and the House adjourned (for the Eastor holidays) till the 12th of April. It must be confessed that the Bketcli which the Minister of Mines gave the Legislative Assembly last night, of his bill for the better management of the affairs of the goldfields, was of the slightest character. He glanced rapidly over some of its leading provisions, but he left the details to be filled up when the bill shall be before the House in printed form. In these circumstances without the advantage of reference to the measure-such an outline of the new legislation proposed for tho gold- fields as we aro able to offer, to satisfy the curiosity of the miners, must neces- sarily "be as sketchy as the speech of the elmister itself. We gather from the remarks of Mr. SULLIVAN that his ambition has been rather to cure admitted defects in the existing gold-fields bills than to intro- duce any startling innovations in the mining laws of the colony, or the system of their administration. The portions of his bill which deal with existing abuses, and are designed to re- medy obvious defects, will probably occasion little discussion. Public opinion, expressed through the Royal Commis- sioners to the Gold-fields, and otherwise, has already pointed out many of the weak points in the existing system, and suggested appropriate remedies, The Minister has accepted some of those hints, and, so far, has disarmed criticism. But it is equally clear that at least two of his propositions-to which wo shall specially refer presently-will provoke not a little comment and hostility. The bill will repeal the whole of the acts now in force relating to the gold-fields, and re enact such portions only of the existing law as have been or may be deemed ad- visable. Dealing with the authors of those mining regulations which have been the occasion of so much litigation on the gold- fields, the Minister has not seen his way to the bold course suggested to him on many hands, of sweeping the mining boards away altogether, and assuming to the Mining department a control over the mining lands which the Ministor of Lands has just asked for himself in the Land Act Amendment Bill, as regards all the other unalienated estate of the colony. Regarding the mining boards as to some extent of a representative character, he has adapted the milder course of increasing the number of min- ing districts, and, consequently, of the boards; and of, at the same time, limiting their powers, and taking away the pay which the state now accords to the mem- bers of those bodies. In preserving the mining boards, the Minister has followed the policy of decentralization carried out in the Local Government Bill, and there- fore he is furnished with a ready answer to those who recommend the abolition of the boards altogether. It is satisfactory, however, that their powers are to be limited; and the supervision to be exercised over them will probably prevent for the future some of the evils that have arisen in the past. The recommendations of the Royal Com- missioners are followed in the changes proposed in tho powers exercised by wardens, and their relation to the courts of mines. On the judges of tho latter courts, also, new powers will be con- ferred, for the purpose of facilitating the settlement of disputes. The miner the Minister proposes to benefit directly by reducing the cost of his miner's right to 10s,, and by enabling Lim to take out, in place of an annual right, a right the virtue of which will extend over several years, if he chooses to do so. The right will also be made to cover more than one claim, the maximum ex- tent of ground that may be held under one right to be determined by the nature of the work, whether shallow, in- termediate, or deep sinking-a classifica- tion which the bill will introduce for the first time. Ho also proposes to reduce the rent of auriferous lands from a minimum of 50s. to 20s. per acre, and business licences from ¿610 to £5. The two propositions which will not be adopted with the same unanimity which will probably mark the acceptance of the other portions of the measure, aro those relating to mining on private property, and for the settlement of the numerous disputes which have arisen on Ballarat through the operation of the frontage system. The Minister has not had the courage to cut the knot of the mining on private property difficulty, by the simple proposition of selling the gold with the soil. Ho falls back upon the principle of the Land Drainage Bill, and provides that where a lead of gold has been traced into private land, and the owner of the soil neither mines nor permits others to mine, any miner may summon tho land- owner to the nearest Court of Mines, the judge of which is empowered to call in the assistance of assessors, and, after hearing evidence as to the damage the intrusion of miners will occasion, and determining the compensation that shall be paid, may authorize the ap- plicants to enter upon the land. Mr. WOOD took the substantial objection to this course, that it threw upon judges of courts of mines an invidious duty, not of a judicial character, in the exer- cise of which they were certain to create enemies, and excite feelings which it was undesirable should exist towards judges. The hon. member suggested that the question of damages and com- pensation would be better left to the Minister himself, or to the Governor in Council. In either case, the proposition will be unpalatable to every owner o£ land, and vigorous opposition to Mr. SULLIVAN'S proposition may bo expected from every man who has invested his earnings in the soil ; and who, when he did so, believed ho acquired a property respecting whick no such proposition would ever be put forward as that ifc contained a " royal mine," in whick HER MAJESTY was still primarily interested. This is the weakest point of the bill. We shall reserve further comment upon it, however, until the proposition is before us in detail. For tho determination of the frontage dis- putes, Mr. SULLIVAN proposes the con- stitution of a new tribunal, to be called the Boundaries Court, the judges of which will bo a judge of the Supremo Court, a judge of the Court of Mines, and a barrister of standing and ex- perience, in mining litigation. This court is to have plenary powers in hearing disputes. It is to be untram- melled by forms and teclrnicalities j it is to deal with the equities as well as the law of the cases that may be brought be- fore it, and its decisions are to be final. The department of mines is to be re- quired to issue leases at once to the per- sons in whose favour the Boundaries Court shall decide. It will be admitted that the proposal is a bold one. The necessity of dealing in some strong and unusual manner with these front- age questions is universally recog- nized; but the remedy proposed does not strike at the root of the disease. It contemplates the springing up of a perennial crop of these law-suits. It attempts the eradication of tke disease by so slow a process that tke patient will inevitably reaok the last stage of cxkaustion before relief arrives. The first necessity in this matter, as it strikes us, is absolutely to determine the rela- tive rights of companies holding claims under the frontage system, at a given time. The impoilance of the interests at stake is so great-the wealth at the command of some of the litigants is so considerable-that in the constitution of the court which may be created for the purpose, the employment of men will be demanded whoso reputa- tion for judgement and independence of character must be as spotless as that of CÍESAK'S wife. The titles of existing companies once ascertained, and leases issued, no invasion of the lease should be permitted from the operation of the frontage system, whatever,new discoveries might afterwards bo made. In the case of companies who have not yet struck the lead, their boundaries might be similarly determined as soon as they have reached the gutter, the fur- ther operation of the frontage system being barred in their case also. Unless some such short and summary mode of determining questions of boundary under this often valuable and as often dan- gerous frontage system is adopted, there will be no end to the business which will fill the Boundaries Court, and the mining property affected will romain permanently depreciated. With these observations, we shall leave the further consideration of the numerous propositions of the bill in- troduced by the Minister of Mines until the measure itself is before us. The ghost of the old Parliamentary liberty is begirding to make its appear- ance in the French Legislative Assembly. Once more the voice of free discussion is heard in that Chamber, for more than twelve years closed to all but the trained and hired tongues of the EM PEEOR'S creatures. The soul of M. FIALIK ditt PERSIGNY, is scared at the apparition. The Ministers with port- folios and the Ministers without do not know what to make of the unwonted spectacle. Their master himself is sen- sibly alarmed, and mutters ominously of tempests and revolutions, as he did on a certain December of 1851. France persists in not accepting her ordained and regulated freedom as all that she has a right to have of liberty. The city of PaiJs, ungrateful for past favours-oblivious of her widened streets, her new boulevards, her magnificent and convenient casernes d'in- fanterie-turns upon her benefactor, and rejects all his candidates. Other cities, infected by this pestilent yearn- ing for a more than Napoleonic free- dom, have returned members opposed to the Imperial will-members who will talk, and who wi'l not endorse the decrees prepared for them by the EM- PEROR'S providence. The Opposition, of which the Parisians once jestingly said that it might be contained in a single hackney coach, has swelled, by recent accessions, to a minority, still insignificant indeed in numbers, but formidable from its weight of elo- quence, its character, and its debating skill. Comprising in its ranks men so opposite as M. BERRYER and M. THIEKS, it is united by tke strongest possible bond of feeling whick can tie one respectable Frenchman to another the desire of restoring the reality of free speech to the French people. The effect produced on the minds of the Imperial senators by the two speeches of MM. BERRYER and THIERS is a striking tribute to the value of that great and holy principle of which the EMPEROR'S system is a steady, per- petual negation. These two free voices, trained in the school of liberty, are in themselves an opposition formidable enough in the midst of that enormous majority, if not to alter the de- crees of Ministers, to secure a patient and respectful hearing for themselves, and perhaps to sow the seeds of an influence which may yet ripen into something like independence. Nor are we surprised to learn of the consterna- tion created among the Imperial officials by the appearance of even this slender shadow of a Parliamentary Opposition. The language of M. BERRYER and M. THIERS is such as has not been heard in the French Legislative Assembly since President Louis NAPOLEON took it upon himself to euro France of disorder by shooting a few citizens in the streets, and sending all his enemies to Cayenne. Forgetful of that sublime chapter in tho history of his country, the daring revolutionist and red republican that enemy of order and disturber of society-the venerable BEBRYER presumes to utter, in the presence oí tho august assembly, words in. jurious to the Imperial policy, doubting of the Imperial wkdom, nay, .suspicious of the Imperial benevolence. He has ventured to criticise the Mexican expedition-to demur to the expense which it has laid upon France-to pro- test against the burden, as unjust, unwise, and unnecessaiy. M. THIERS goes even beyond the Legitimist orator. Actually presuming to wish ho was speaking in a free Parliament, ho dared to demand of the EMPEROR Srull liberty for France. Ile quoted history to .provo that French liberty had been sup presEcd three times by violence, and three times regained by the same means. He even bad the audacity to specify five conditions as essential to freedom, none of wliich exist under the Imperial system-the liberty of the individual, the liberty of the press, the liberty of election, the liberty of Parliament, and, finally, the liberty of government. The liberty of the individual, argues M. 'THIERS, is violated by the law of jrablic safety, which deprives the French citizen of all appeal against administrative tyranny. The liberty of the press cannot exist under the law invading the privacy of the journalist, and subjecting the journals to domici- liary visitations and to a perpetual cen- sorship. The liberty of election is noto- riously set aside by every Imperial agent at every election. TJniveisal suffrage, which can bo trusted to choose em- perors and to annex new provinces, is not permitted to elect deputies. " It is " the new right divine when it elects " kings, but when it has to elect depu " ties Government teaches it what to " do." The liberty of Parb'ament is null in a system which permits Parlia- ment to pronounce its opinion on any decieo only after it has been carried ?out ; and liberty of government is nothing, if the Ministers of the state are not responsible to the Parliament for their acts. The report that M. PERSIGNY has advised the EMPEROR to meet these demands with a new coup d clat may easily be believed. A coup d'étal is the tiue Napoleonic answer to M. THIERS' propositions. Probably, as the Greco plot has been a litt'e clumsily managed by the police, a bolder step will bo resorted ?to to cure this growing spirit of opposi- tion. There is, unfortunately, no further .use to be made of a street revolution, inasmuch as the sheets have been made so wide and straight as to render barri- cades impracticable. Without barri- cades there would be no excuse for bringing the soldiers into the streets, ?even to fire down the opposite way, as was done on a memorable occasion. The genius which once saved France from disorder .will probably be prepared with some new -devico to meet this fresh danger. M. THIERS has asked for liberty, as though there really existed nothing of the kind in Prance ; and M. BERRYER criticises the Mexican expedition, as though it was possible for there to be a second opinion of that glorious and romantic episode in French history. The worst feature -of the case is that France endures these flagiant acts of ingratitude with equa- nimity, if not with absolute sa- tisfaction. All the teachings of the EMPEROR himself-all the eloquence of M. GRANIER DE CASSAGNAC-all the tact of M. DE MOBNY, and the irfluence of the myriads of lesser Imperial creatures, have failed to convince France that she ought not to have liberty. The Imperial régime., supported by the democracy, and secure in the allegiance of the soldiers, the priests, and the peasantry, is notoriously obnoxious to that class which is the hearl of every nation-wliich in France is peculiarly sensitive, ardent, and jealous -the middle class-comprising ah the best members of the aristo- cracy of talent-the men of letters of science, and of art-the mer of the liberal and learned professions the better kind of merchants and traders These to a man form that brillianl .minority of which the Parliamentary .Opposition is now the exponent. Thej are the party of discontent;-the " dan " gerous class"-in the Imperial system They will never be satisfied -with any thing short of the programme which M THIERS has exhibited. They detes the Empire as heartily as they despise it; < creatures and supporters. They believ themselves at least as worthy of freedon as Belgium or Italy ; and they chafe a the degrading thraldom in which the; are kept. But for the present, crushed ti ? the earth by the leaden weight of uni .versal suffrage, trodden under foot b; the enthroned democracy, subject t the rule which gives to JACQTJE -BONHOMME an equal vote in the affair . of the state with BERRYER, RENAÏ MONTALEMBERT, Or PARADOL - tin .class can do nothing but murmur a the destiny which has sent them Lorn NAPOLEON. The expectation that the EMPERO will, of himself, do anything to restoi France to freedom is too extravagant t ?be indulged in. In the language of ti Imperial advocates, the edifice is nt yet ready to be crowned with libert; Great and glorious as she is-suprem in arms and in arts, the mistress ( Europe and in the vanguard of civilizi tion-there is one thing we are to! which . France is not yet fit fo and that is liberty. Even Englisl men are not ashamed to be four among the advocates of the B napartist régime. They protend ' justify a system as proper for Frencl men, the application of which to ai English Court, they would resist as Í intolerable outrage. The EMPERO they say, has done a great de for France. He has> increased h political ymlige-he has extend her commerce-ho has magnified h name and added to her glory. He h advanced her to the first place arno' Euiopean nations. No one can dei that the EMPEROR has dono this-th he has made France materially grei wealthy, and prosperous. But wh he has done, allowing that it h been done in singleness of heart ai with no selfish intention, only ad to the weight of the claim which Fran has for liberty. Without this, it is mo strous to pretend that the structure French prosperity can be sound, the EMPEROR'S own dynasty lastir 'The very glories which France 1 attained in her material state make it necessary that she should be endowed with freedom. She will not be con- tent to be the first of European nations in power, and yet the Jast in capacity for self-government. She cannot be Rome in outward greatness, and Byzan- tium in he internal state. A people who have attained such a height, must bo supposed to be gifted with the moral qualities necessary to use and administer her greatness. And for the EMPEROR'S own sake, he will be wise to delay no longer in fulfilling his pro- mise of "crowning the edifice with " liberty." The Imperial system, safe in its enormous numerical majority, can surely afford to permit M. THIERS to make speeches in the Assembly. What is the excuse for repression 1 If Franco is contented with her EMPEROR, at least let her have the opportunity of saying so. If she is not, then surely all the EMPEROR'S Ministers, all the EMPEROR'S prefects, nay, all the EMPEROR'S soldiers, will not prevent her from executing her will. _ The warmth of the discussion which the Duke of NEWCASTLE'S despatch on the subject of transportation excited in the House last evening, affords a very good test of the painful interest that the persistence of the English Govern- ment in its offensive course is creating in all quarters of the community. The occasion justified demonstrativeness, and the fervour and heat that characterized the debate need no apology. We do not need to play the BOBADIL, but even Mr. O'SHANASSY'S temper, and Mr. DON'S valiance were not out of place. The wrong that it is threatened to inflict upon us, we cannot denounce too emphatically. Out of the heart the mouth speaketh, and it is a wrong which has sunk deep into the national soul. We cnn pardon excess of indignation when the abuse is so enormous, and the exaggeration of the tongue when the quick is touched. No one can quarrel with the tone or stylo of Mr. M'CULLOCH'S resolutions, and we can- not endorse Mr, MICHIE'S comment on them, Mr. WOOD'S suggestion, that they should embody a reference to the pledge given by the Duke of NEW- CASTLE in 1853, that permanent trans- portation to Western Australia was not contemplated, is deserving of attention, as its adoption would undoubtedly impart force to our remonstrance. In the mean- time, the Government deserve credit for having treated tho subject with more than ordinary despatch and vigour. Agitate, agitate, agitate, must be our philosophy, till we have the prize entire and unimpaired in our grasp. We cannot afford to part with any of the fruits of our victory, and the English Government that has surrendered so much, cannot in logic refuse what is wanting to make our fruition complete. It will not pay us to bo lulled into a fallacious sense of security by the concessions that have been reluctantly measured out to us. There must be no measure, and no compromise. The ques- tion at issue is one of principle, not of de- gree, and we gain only a nominal triumph by surrendering one iota of our claims. Though we have contrived to ward off the greater evil, the presence of five or six hundred convicts accumulating annually at the central depot really leaves us in as bad a condition as ever. The statistics that we have supplied the Duke of NEWCASTLE with really indi- cate, not what we anticipate, but what we at present endure, under his so-called modified system, And the problem we want .solved for us, the concession we want made to us, involves the abandon- ment of that system, and immediate relief to our necessities. Whether we shall obtain what we want by a further exposition of our case, im- mediately, is possibly doubtful. But it should not be doubtful for one moment what course it is our duty to adopt in the emergency. Our claim is founded on justice, on principle, on facts, and we must push it by every weapon in our reach to a successful issue. Persistently, perseveringly, with judge- ment-with the dignity becoming a high moral cause, we must petition and protest, till our memorials find a favour- able consideration. Our past success should be an encouragement to redoubled efforts, and our past behaviour may very well be taken as the model for our future conduct. Â series of strong resolutions on the sub- ject of transportation, in answer to the despatch from the Duke of Newcastle, pub- lished in The Argus of yesterday, were adopted by both Houses of Parliament last evening, at the instance of Ministe«. In tho Assembly, the motion submitted by Ministers was warmly criticised by Mr. O'shanassy, who complained that longer notice of the motion had not been given, and argued that the tetms of the resolutions were not sufficiently strong. Ho insisted on the " right " of the British Government to send convicts to Aus- tralia, after conferring self-government on all but one of them, being "boldly" denied in the resolutions, and spoke repeatedly, and with remarkable and uncalled-for warmth, on the subject, thus protracting for nearly two hours and a half a debate that WOB not expected to have occupied more than a few minutes. Tho hon. member for Kilmore was supported by Mr. Don who talked of calling out the volunteers to resist the will of England In this matter and by Mr. Loader, who proposed to supply 600 convicts per annum, " of colonial experi- ence," to "VYestarn Australia- without stop- ping to inquiro whore this annual 609 was to be obtained. The discussion ended in the adoption of the resolutions. Mr. Haines, who had seconded the motion before the entranoe of Mr. O'shanassy, also seconded an abortive amendment by that hon. member, for the adjournment of the debate. Is the Alabama in the neighbourhood of Cape Otway? This was a question pretty frequently asked yesterday, and which was the canse of some little excitement in com- mercial circles. It seems that early in the day a strange"steomer was reported from Cape Otway as approaching the Cape, but heading south-east. It was soon afterwards posted at the telegraphic office that she was evidently " not bound for Melbourne." The stranger, when about ten miles from the Cape, headed south, refusing to answer tho signals made to her, and at a later hour she was observed standing westwards. These were the reports, and they indicated capri- cious movements sufficient to give rise to the suspicion that she was scarcely "honest," and to the supposition that she might bo the famous and by Eomo dreaded Alabama. As tho Victoria, with stores for Capo Otway, had sailed on the previous aftornoon, it was bclioved that she would be lying close to the lighthouse, and that her appearance, rig, pennant, ensign, and man-of-war appear- ance might bave raised suspicions in the minds of the officers of tho strange steamer, who might never have heard of our little war-vessel, and therefore might have sup- posed that the Victoria was a cruiser of another CIBBS, whoso presence, perhaps, might bo less welcome to the Alabama. This, it was conjectured, might have been one cause of the apparently uncertain movements of the stranger. Our own latest terrain from Cape Otwoy suggested that the vessel wai probably an auxiliary scrow-Bhip, from Sydney or Now Zealand, bound west; but ns sho was then heading south by weat, undor sail and steam, with a south east wind, we aro at a l03S to conjecture what ship from any of the eastern colonies would be in such a position, and whither hound. A special meeting of the Melbourne Cricket Club will bo held, in the pavilion, this afternoon, at five o'clock, to detarmino whether steps are to be taken for the reten- tion of one of the English Eleven in the colony, in connexion with the club. Wo are informed of an error in our prize list of the Sandhurst Agricultural Show, which was not at all unlikely to occur, con- sidering the difficulty of getting tho required information. We have now to state that Mr. J. West, of South Brighton, took the first prize for onions, instead of Messrs. Green Brothers, to whom was awarded an honorary certificate. At Hotham Polico Court yesterday, hoforo Messrs. Gell and Moore, J.P.'s, John Beaver, for being drunk when in charge of a horse and dray, was fined ICK; or, in default, to bo locked up for forty-eight hours. Mary Kee- gan, brought up on warrant, charged with the uso of violent and threatening language, wci discharged. Eliza Donaldson, summoned by George Brown for throwing stones, to tho damage of complainant's property, was re- quired to find one surety in £6 to keep the peace for three months. Wo are requested by the treasurer of the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society to acknowledge the receipt of £20 from the Rev. H. H. P. Handfield, being a collection made at St. Peter's Churob. We are requested by the honorary secretary to the Shakspeare memorial fund to acknow- ledge the receipt of £26, as a subscription from Mr. Charles Kean to the Shakspeare Scholaiahip Fund. The nomination of candidates for the re- presentation of the Southern Province in the Legislative Council, vice the Hon. Donald Kennedy, deceased, took place at the Court-house, West Brighton, yesterday. The returning-officer, Mr. W. A. 0. A'Beckctt, pre- sided ; and at twelve o'clock Mr. S.P. Simmonds, his declared substitute, read through the no- mination-papers, by which Mr. J. Mackenzie, of St. Kilda, and Mr. W. Taylor, of Overnew- ton, Keilor, were nominated as candidates. The returning-officer announced that there would be a poll, and then declared the proceed- ings over, as far as ho was concerned ; where- upon Mr. O'-Niel, J.P.,was appointed chairman, and the candidates were called on to address the electors. This they did, very briefly. Mr. Mackenzie first spoke, saying he had no doubt Mr. Taylor would make an efficient representative ; but as the Southern Province already possessed four squatting representa- tives, and the district contained more agri- culturists, traders, and farmers than squatters, it would bo as well they should ba represented in a different way. He then repeated the substance of his published address, adding, in reply to questions, that in his opinion the 10,000,000 acres in the blue should be disposed of before the areas in the white were encroached upon. Mr. Taylor said that he was not a squatter in Victoria, but claimed their votes on the ground that he was really a country resident, and represented the best interests of the constituency. In the old times, when squatting was not what it was now, be had been a pioneer settler on the Wimmera, and had, therefore, done some- thing for the country. He then went through a brief category of his opinions, as contained in his advertised address ; and, in reply to questions, avowed that he would now, as when an elective member of the old Legislative Council, be in favour of allowing the agri- culturist to supersede the squatter when the progress of civilization required it—the evi- dence of such requirement being applications made at the land-offices. He believed the auction system bad never had a fair trial The proceedings then closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The Geelong Advertiser observes that "ar- rangements are being made by two gentlemen in town to build a thirty ton cutter, upon a clipper model, for deep-sea fishing in Bas3'i Straits." From the Star we learn that Paranto Ma rento, the Italian lately arrested on suspicioi of murdering Guiseppe Stagnia, at Ep3om, ot the 22nd of March, 1863, was brought np a tho Eastern Polico Court on Wednesday, and remanded to Daylesford, where the chargi against him will ba investigated. The NCIIJ Rush, and other Poems and Songi by J. Rogers (Wilson and Mackinnon printer and publishers), is as good as might bo reason ably expected from an author whose quallfi cation for his task is that "he has joined al the great rushes in tho colony that took plac during the lost ton yoars." The Bendigo Evening News of yesterda; says,-" At a late hour last night a repor was in circulation that a woman had beei poisoned in Williamson-Btieet. It appear that the name of the deceased was Mn Phillips. As many reports are in circulatloi as to the circumstance! under which th poison was taken, we think it better to awai the issue of the coroner's inquest, which w li bo held this afternoon." Dr. Youl held an inquest on Wednesday at the Melbourne Hospital upon the body of William Beckworth, who died on the same day from injuries accidentally received on the 27th of February. Deceased was employed at the time of the accident in carting stone from the quarries to the store of Messrs. Steven- son and Sons, now building in Flinders-Lane. Having brought a load of stones he tipped the dray and shot his load. One large stone pitched out on its end, and stood for some little time upright before falling over. De- ceased left the front of the cart and came round to the back just as the stone was falling, and although a bystander, ob- serving what was about to happen, tried to push him aside, he was caught under the falling stone, and his thigh bone was severely fractured by the blow. He was at once re- moved to the hospital, where it was decided in consultation to amputate the leg, an opera- tion which was performed the same evening by Mr. Knaggs. Deceased suffered very much for a few days from the shock, after which his case appeared hopeful for some time. Subsequently, however, an extensive sloughing set in, and he sank gradually dying on the 16th inst. Verdict-" Death from injuries accidentally received." At seven o'clock last evening flames a smoko were seen issuing from the front de I of the shop of Mr. T. W. Mason, batt ' Collins-street east, one door from tho con cf Swanston-street. Tho alarm of fire v immediately raised, and tho Melbourne F Brigade were promptly on tho spot under i direction of Mr. Superintendent Bencraft. An entrance having been made a quantity of the Yan Yean supply was speedily thrown upon the flames, which were very soon ex- tinguished. Tho damagd done, although con- fined to the stock and shop-fittings, is very extensive, as the shop contained a very valuable stock of goods. It is for- túnate that tho fire wn got under bafore spreading to the shingle roof, otherwise tho rcof, also of shingle, of the adjoining shop, that of Mr. Gcimaln Nicholson, would most probably also have h:cn ignited. At tho timo of the outbreak of tho fire tho shop was clo3ed, and no one was upon tho pro- mises. Shortly bafore two o'clock this morn- ing a fire broke out in one of tho bedrooms of the British-American Hotel, Bourke- street cast. It appears to have originated on the top of a chest of drawers, which was de- stroyed, together with tho canvas ceiling of the room. Tho Mclbourno Fire Brigade were soon on tho spot, but the inmates of the hotel had fortunately succeeded in extin- guishing tho flames beforo thtir services were required. The Legislative Assembly, at it3 rising last night, adjourned ti H the 12th of April, for tho Easter holidays. A friendly gome at cricket wai played yes- terday on the East Melbourne giound, be- tween fifteen members of the le sal club and a Bimllar numt:r from tho Melbourno Club Tho metropolitan team consisted for the most part of non- playin» member;; of the club, but their exertions In the field yesterday proved them to be "muffs" in a very mitigated degrés, their score in the fiut innings amount- ing to 123, and in the second to 110 with two wicket3 to go down. Towards theso numbers Williams contributed eighteen and twenty eight, Pavey and Harbison twenty each, Greig eighteen, 'Wilshin sixtcan, and Wyburn eleven. In thoir fiut and only inningB tho total number of mns obtained hythe East Mclboumechampions waseighty-five, of which forty were made by H. J. Henty, and eleven by Clark, who was unfortunately run out just' ai he was giving promise of "something good " for his party. The bowling for East Melbourne of Messis. Henty and Brown was mo3t eftcclive, and for tho metropolitans Messrs. Bowe, Williams, and Greig also did good service as bowlers. A lively match was played on the Richmond ground ye3terday between tho Matriculated and the Non matriculated Students of the University. The latter went first to the wickets, and secured a total of ninety-two xuns; of which Conway contributed nineteen, and Dwyer and Donohue soventeen and ten respectively. The gownsmen obtained in their first innings 122, Tait taking tho lead with thirty-two ; Campbell next, with twenty-one; followed by Thomas, with eighteen. The second innings of the non-matriculated men gave thom 102 ; M'Donnell scoring twenty-six by careful play. Conway added twenty-five to his previous score, beforo he was finely caught by Elking- ton at mid off. The other double figures thirteen and eleven-are credited to Stewart and Madden respectively. The especial f( ature of tho play in this innings was the slow bowling of Tait, which caused, directly or indirectly, the fall of overy one of tho ten wickets. When tho stumps were drawn, at six o'clock, the matriculated students had lost two wickets for twenty îuns; but, as UBUal in tho case of a one-day's match, the game was decided by the first innings. At Sandridge Police Court yesterday, Wil- liam Gartnor, mester of the Hamburg barque Tony, was prosecuted by Mr. J. Macfarlane, Government Immigration Officer, for a breach of Section 3 of the Colonial Passengers Act, in not providing a sufficient supply of wholesome water and provisions, and also for a broach of Section 6 of the same act, in not providing sufficient berthing accommodation for the passengers on board. After hearing the evi- dence of several of the passengers as to tho quantity and quality of the provisions and water issued since the vessel reached Capo Otway, and also the statements of the immi- gration officer as to the berths and the water, the latter being described M disgusting stuff, the Bench held the accusations to be fully substantiated, and inflicted a fine of £30 on defendant, with 31s. co3ts, a moiety of the fine to be divided amongst the fourteen complaining passengers. David Lobascher, for assaulting Robt. Waye, was fined 6s. and 0s. costs ; and John Smith, for an aggravated assault on William Rodgers, wes fined 20s. and 20s. costs. Charles M. Ingles, for obstructing the thoroughfare by keeping building materials on It after having been cautioned to remove them, was Sued 10s. with 6s. costs. Andrew Bodkin, for removing sand without a licence, was fined 10J. and 53. costs. A Becond charge against the same de- fendant for removing clay, or brick earth, was dismissed. John M'Donough, for remov- ing sand without a licence, was fined 10s., and 5s. coats ; and for removing clay, or brick eaiib, he was fined Bl., and cautioned against doing so for the future. Thos. Wilmott and Richard Dunliffe for allowing pigs to wander in the street, were each fined 6s., with 5s. costs, and Stephen Byan for allowing cattle to stray was fined 6s., and cautioned. John Dunn, for removing Burfaco soil from Nott street without permission, was fined lOj. and 6s. costs ; and for having no light on his car, Daniel Shea was fined 6s., and 5s. costs, oi foity-eight hours' imprisonment. A oharg« against Edward Newbigging for having in- sufficient water-closet accommodation to e number of houses of which ho is proprietor was dismissed on his paying 5s. costs, and undertaking to carry out within fourteen days from time of notice any direction! which the Local Board of Health may givf respecting water-closets for the houses. Lowii Lawrence, a sailor, for being drunk was Anec 5s., 2*. Gd. co3ts, or forty-eight hours' im piieonmcnt ; and Moustan Lobo, a man o colour, for a similar offence was dischargee with a caution. A number of small-deb cases were also adjudicated on. Mr. F. Call P.M , was the presiding magistrate. A yonng man named William Perrant wa taken into the hospital at elcvoa o'clock oi Tuesday night, suffering from in juried re ceived by his hand having bscn caught bo tween the rollers at Swallow's biscuit factor; Sandridge. His right hand was very severe!] lacerated, and it is doubtful whether amputa lion will not be found necessary. It is but ; very short time since a serious accident of ; precisely similar character took place at th same factory. The missionary yacht Day Spring wa yesterday morning towed from Sandiidg Railway Wharf and moored nlougside th Ann-street Wharf, Willlamslown, whor throughout the day sho WBH visited by soverj hundreds of tbe school children. She seomc to create quito a lively interest, for fror dawn to sunset her decks weie crowded. There will be a moonlight drill of the S Kilda Artillery, at Princa's-bridge Barrack this evening, at seven ; and after the dri the corps will make arrangements for tb encampment at Sunbury. The following Is from Tuesday's Ballan Evening Post:-"A clever arroat was mad yesterday by Detectives Hudson and Hylanr between Mount Bolton and Loxton, of a ma named Thomas Burly, who is suspected i being concerned in a number of hlghwa robber lee. He was brought up at the Easter Police Couittoday, and charged with thn effmccf. First, with ' sticking up' tho Pic and-Shovel Hotel at Tooboorat, near Heath- cote, owned by Thomas Harding, on the 6th of February. It will, no doubt, be remem- bered that Mrs. Harding narrowly escaped with her life, being shot at while in bed, and the outrage created great sensation at the time. The offence is partly brought home to the prisoner by the circumstance that a re- ceipt was found in his possession for a horse purchased at Tooboorat the day before the robbery. The next charge was of 'sticking up' the dwelling of George Burt, at Glen thorpe, near Kyneton. There was another charge of stealing a double-barrelled gun, the property of John Cameron, residing at Bar- rastow, near Whroo. The prisoner was re- manded to Kyneton." Mr. Cohen called attention, in the Legisla- tive Assembly last night, to the anomaly that existed in the tariff, in tho imposition of a duty of 6s. pjr .cwt. on raw sugar whilo manufactured sugar was admitted duty free. Mr. Francis, in reply, stated that tho atten- tion of the Government had been given to this matter. It was considered te 3 small to be made the subject of a special bill, but the anomnly would bo removed in the first bill that might b: introduced to amend the Cus- toms duties of tlie colony. In answer to a question by Mr. Lewis, Mr. M'Cullc:h stated lu the Legislative Assembly last night, that the general code of byo-laws for the guidance of municipalities would ba laid on the table after the recc3s; These byo lows, he added, would not apply to shire councils. An inquest was held at the hospital on Wednesday, by the city coroner, upon the body of David Currie, a young man, aged twenty-two years. Deceased was admitted into the hospital on the 14th last., in a state of great fever, and quit: insensible, and re- mained in thal state until his death, on the following day. The post morlim examination of the bcdy, made by Dr. Robertson, showed that the intestines were highly congested, and in some parts ulcerated. This was the origin of tho fovor, which wai of the kind named enteritic fever, and by which doath was produced. Verdict accordingly. The business at the Prahran Police Court yesterday was unimportant, one caso of diunkenness and two summonses for borough rates comprising the business before] the Bench. A general meeting of the members of the Victoria Jockey Club is called for this even- ing, at eight o'clock, at tho Albion Hotel, to decide as to the dissolution of the club. The city coroner held an inquest at tho hospital, on Wednesday, upon the body of John Wood, a child aged ono year and nine months. Tho deceased, on tho 8th inst., had been left in a room in his mothor's house at North Melbourne, when he took a newspaper from a sofa, and taking it to the. firo ignited it. HiB clothes caught fire, and before assistance was at hand to extinguish the flames he was severely burnt about tho face, neck, and aim. Ho was shortly after taken to the hospital, where his case got on pretty well for two days, when a relapse took placo, and he continued to Bink up to the time of Lis death, on tho 14th inst. The jury re- turned a verdict in accordance with the facts of the case. The first annual meeting of the members of the Alliance Building and Investment Society was held last evening, at tho Mecbanics' Institut;. From the annual report, which was submitted, it appeared that the year's transactions had realised a profit of £2 2s. 2d. per share. Monthly sales of shavos had been held, and during the year 92 shares had been disposed of, at an average premium of £29 13s. 2d. per share. A committee was then appointed for the ensuing year, composed of the following gentlomeu ¡-Messrs. 0. Lo Cren, 0. F. Bradley, Robtrt Woolcott, J. Tankard, Walsh, and Lynch. This com- pleted the businesB of tho meeting. An accidental death by drowning took place at six o'clock on Monday morning, in the River Yarra, opposite the Gashouse. Tho deceased was a labourer, named Charles Smilie, aged thirty-threo years, and has left a wife and two children. Whilo employed upon a barge, ho fonnd it necessary to shift a plank, and as he was so engaged he lost his balance, and fell overboard. A man named John Knagg?, who was present at tho time, endeavoured to rescue tho deceased, but his efforts wcro unavailing. The body was re- covered three hours after, and removed to tho morgue, where an inquest was held on it the following day by Dr. Youl, when the jury re- turned a verdict of "Accidentally drowned." A Teturn laid before Parliament yeBtorday shows that in 18C3 the amount of gold received through tho Customs department was l,G26,956oz. The exports in tho present year wero as follow :-In January, 123,429oz, ; Feb- ruary, 108,808oz. ; and March, 31,8Gloz. Addresses of congratulation to Her Majesty on tho biith of a son to the Prince and Princess of Wales were unanimously adopted in both Houses of Parliament IaBt night, and directed to be presented to His Excellency the Governor, for the purpose of boing forwardod to Her Majesty. At the Theatre Royal last evening, " Much Ado About Nothing" drew a good house. The principal characters wero caät as follows : -Benedick, Mr. Barry Sullivan ; Claudio, Mr. Robert Heir ; Dogberry, Mr. Lambert : Verges, Mr. 0. Young ; Don Pedro, Mr. Ireland ; Don John, Mr. nopo ; Leonato, Mr. Fitzgerald ; Antonio, Mr. Harwood ; Seacoa!, Mr. Andrews ; Beatrice, Miss Cleveland ; and Hero, Miss Rose Edouin. The comedy went well throughout ; the only novelty, howovar, was tho ¡appearance, of Miss Oloveland as Beatrice and this talented actress will undoubtedly be as great a favourite in comedy as in tragody and the serious drama. Mr. Barry Sullivan played with his usual spirit, and the best scenes with Benedick and Beatrice went à merveille with the audienco. Tho comedy will be repeated this evening. " King Henry the Eighth" was produced at the Haymarket Theatre, with Mr. Kean as Wolsoy, and Mrs. Kean, as Lady Katherine This evening the " Wife's Secrot" will be pro- duced. ___^_______ A Hon CASE.-IN the Bankruptcy Court, Kavanagh, a mastor-marinor, applied for his discharge He had navigated tho ship Queen of Commerco from Liverpool to Australia. Amongst her cargo wero some gas refaits, consigned to the Melbourne Gas Company. On arriving, paid retorts were fouud to bo damaged. For this ho was not responsible, as his duty confined bim to tho navigating of the ship. Tho company, however, sued him, and four years afterwards ho was arrested in England under a judgement obtained behind his back In Melbourne. Mr. Reed complained of the harsh conduct of the company, and said tho bankrupt, who supporte 1 his aged mother and sistiw, had been thrown into gaol with- out ihymo or reason. Commissioner Faao. "There is no reason whatever for keeping this man in custody." Immediate release oraorod. -Home jims, Jan. 26. ABSENTEE SOLDIERS.-In the report of General Ilalleck ou the Federal military operations of 18123, bo Btatcs that it was es- timated, from official roturns in January last. that there were then abient from duty 8,987 officers and 230.073 non-commissioned officers and privates. Only a part of these wcro really disabled or sick. The remainder wcro mainly deseitcrs, stragglers, mallngorcr', and shirks, or men who absented themse-lvea in order to avoid duty. General Hallek says that strag- gling and desertion have now groitly diminished, but cinnot ba prevented unless the punishment wero mado moro prompt ond certain. The machlucry of the court martial he pronounces too cumbrous for the trial of militaiy offences in time of actual j war. 