OUR MUTUAL' FRIEND. \- . '?- By Chahles Dioeens. With, the aid of? the extracts already given, our readers, we presume, have begun to pick 'up a friendly acquaintance with some of the characters destined to play prominent parts in the story, and to form, conjectures as to its de velcmemnt. T-. Innlrs na if fhn Tt\nir. tvpvp .going to turn on -the discovery of the manner .in .which Harmon, the old miser's son^ came to ?his untimely end at the moment of his return ?to iiis native land, and just when fortune .seemed about to smile upon him after years of weary exile. The gloom which pervades the narrative of that mysterious affair im presses '? us ' with the feeling of being in the shadow of a murder. Suspicion begins to . attach itself to - Hexain, the grimy watpr-side man, who found, the dead body ?floating in the river. But there is room for . doubts; the suspicion being cast upon him by a :man who is equally low in the social scale, ? and follows the same disreputable, calling; .This man, whose name is Riderhood, had at one time been Hexam's partner, and bore Hexam a grudge for having discarded him. Both are ugly customers, but the discarded partner, .with his low forehead, squinting leer, and gaol taint about him, is perhaps the uglier of the two. Is Lizzie Hexam. ?to be the heroine of the story? An unlikely home i§ hers, poor child, for a heroine to be ?reared in ! But it is quite in Dickens's line to discern a soul of good in things evil, and therein lies his chief virtue as a teacher. His happy 'power of description may charm us, his oddities ' amuse, his humor tickle ; but his vivid delinea tions.: of goodness, patience, and self-sacrifice, ; manifested in scenes of lowly life, in homes where squalor, wretchedness and sin abound, touch us in the tenderest part of our nature, and ? ought to leave us better Christians than they find us, with more of sympathy with the suffering ?poor, more of charity for erring 'brethren and sisters, who have been hardly ?'? tried and sorely tempted, and with more of hope ; for our common humanity. Is it not a fact that comfortable, respectable Britons are beginning to find that they have a mission of good- will to the lower'strata of society, to the very lowest even, which comfort was wont to ignore, and at . which respectability shuddered, as the only ; proper .thing respectability could do ; and is it not also a fact that, contemporaneous with this . Iiu manitarian spirit, of the age is the appearance .of the great humanitarian novelist, who has made his name a household word ? Between 'these two facts there is surely some connection , of cause and effect. When we take up the . cause of the little arabs of the streets, of thieves, and even of outcast women, pleading with pity for their education and reform, and hoping, often ; '- against hope, for. the possibility of their redemp tion, there must be on our part a realisation ?.of our kinship with them; and where more ' frequently and more powerfully than in the ; pages of Dickens do we meet with those 'touches of nature that make 'the whole world ?::kin?': , : . . ? ? . ?? i. , ? ??,... . . ' CUT ADBH?T. , '.., ? .';; : tthe Six Jolly Fellowship-Porters, already mentioned |'nis' a tavern of a dropsical appearance/had long settled 'down into a state of hale infirmity. Inits whole consti ' tutibn' it had not a straight floor, and hardly a straight line ; but' it had outlasted, and clearly would yet out last, many a better-trimmed braiding, maiiy a sprucer public-house. Externally,, it was a narrow lopsided : wooden jumble of corpulent windows heaped one upon ' another, as you might heap as many toppling oranges, with a crazy ?wooden verandah impending over the wator ; indeed the whole house, inclusive of the com '? plaining flagstaff on the roof, impended over the water, but seemed to have got into the condition of a faint-hearted diver, who has paused so long on the r brink' that ho will never go in. at all.i This description \- applies to the river-frontage of the Six Jolly Fellow . ? ship-Porters. The back of the establishment, though , the chief entrancp was there, was so contracted that it merely represented in its connection with the front the handle of a flat iron set upright on its broadest : end. This handle stood at tVie bottom of a wilderness, of court and alley, which wilderness pressed so hard and close upon the Six Jolly Fellowship -Porters as to leave the hostelry not an inch of ground beyond its door. For this reason, in combination with the fact i that the house was all but afloat at high water, when ,? the Porters had. a family-wash the linen subjected to ? that operation might usually be seen drying on lines stretched across the reception rooms and bedcham bers. The wood forming the chimney pieces, beams, , partitions, floors and doors, of the Six JollyFellowship Porters, seemed in its old ago fraught with confused : memories of its youth. In many places it had become gnarled and riven, according to the manner of olc ' trees ; knots started out of it ; and here and there it ' seemed .to twist itself into some likeness of boughs. In this state of second childhood, it had an air of . lioincr in its own wav Garrulous about its earlv life. . Not without reason was it often asserted by tho , regular frequenters of the Porters that when the .light shono iiull upon the grain of certain panels, and ? particularly upon an old corner cupboard of walnut ?wood in tho bar, you might traco little forests thcro, and tiny trees like tho parent tree, in full umbrageous ' leaf. The bar of tho Six Jolly Fellowship-Porters was a bar to soften tho human breast. The available space in it was not much larger than a hackney-coach ; but. no one could, have wished the bar bigger, that space Vas so girt m Tby corpulent little casks, and by cordial bottles radiani with fictitious grapes in bunchos, 'and by lemons in nets, and by biscuits in baskets, arid -by the polito beer-pulls that made low bows when customers were served ' with boor, and by tho cheese in a snug corner, and by the landlady's own small table in a snuggor corner near the five, with the cloth ever lastingly laid. This haven was divided from tho rough world ' by a glass partition and a half door, with a . leaden sill upon it for tho convenience of resting ' your liquor ; but, over this half-door tho bar's snug ness so gushed forth, albeit customers drank there 1 ' standing, in a dark and draughty passage whero they were shouldered by other customers passing in ? and out, they always appeared to drink under an enohanting delusion that; they wero in tho bar itsolf The proprietor and manager of the Fellow ship-Porters is a strong minded woman, Miss Abigail Potterson by name, more familiarly, MisB Abbey. Rough as her customers are, she keeps as tight a hand over them as if the tap room wero a school in which they are the pupils and she the mUwm Www to ru early slpjjip£ km in her establishment. Regularly every night she dismisses them with due admonitions, which they must all obey. ' George Jones, your time's up ! ? I told your wife you should be punctual.' 'Captain Joey, you have had as much as will do you good.' ' Tom Tootle, it's time for a young fellow who is going to be married next month to be at home and asleen.' says Miss Abbey, and Jones, Joey and Tootle take themselves off. The man called Riderhood has been in the habit of coming to the house for his beer, but being told that his company is not wanted he gives vent to . his envy of Hexam, and darkly hints the suspicion we have already referred. to :— :'? ??/ . ... 'Well, Miss Abbey, respectfully meaning no offence to you, it would be some satisfaction to a man's mind to understand why the Fellowship-Porters is not to be free to such as me, and is to bo free to such as Gaffer.' The face of the hostess darkened with some shadow of perplexity, as she replied ;: ' Gaffer ,'has never been where you have been.' ' Signifying in Quod, Miss ? Perhaps not. But he may have merited it. He may be suspected of far worse than ever I was.'1 ' Who suspects him?' V Many, perhaps. One, beyond all doubts. I do.' ' You are not much,' said Miss Abbey Potterson, knitting her brows again with disdain. ' But ' I was his pardner. Mind you, Miss Abbey, I was his pardner. As such I know more of the ins and outs of him than any person living does. Notice this 1 I am the man that was his pardner, and I am the man that suspects him.' ' Then,' suggested Miss Abbey, though with a deeper shade of perplexity than before, ' you criminate yourself.' 'No I don't, Miss Abbey. For how does it stand ? It stands this way. When I was his pardner, I couldn't never give him satisfac tion. Why couldn't I never give him satisfaction? Because my luck was bad ; because I cpuldn't find many enough of em. How was Jus iucjc c iuways gooa. Notice. this I Always good 1 Ah! There's a many games, Miss Abbey, in which there's chance, but there's a many others in which there's skill too, mixed along with it.' 'That. Gaffer has a skill in finding what he finds, who doubts, man?' asked Miss Abbey.: 'A skill in purwiding what he finds, perhaps,' said Eiderhood, shaking his evil head. Miss Abbey knitted her brow at him, as he darkly leered at her. ' If you're out upon the river pretty nigh every tide, and if you want to find a man or woman in the river, you'll greatly help your luck, Miss Abbey, by knocking a man or woman on'theheadaforehand and pitching 'em in.' ' Gracious Lu'd !' was the involuntary exclama tion of Miss Potterson. ' ' Mind y ou !' returned the other stretching forward over the half 'door to throw his words into the bar ; for his voice was as if tho head of his boat's mop were down his throat : ' I say so, Miss Abbey I And mind you ! I'll follow him up, Miss Abbey! And mind youl I'll bring him to book at last, if it's twenty years hence, I will ! Who's he, to be favored along of his daughter ? Ain't I got a daughter of my own !' With that flourish, and seem ing to have talked himself rather more drunk and much more ferocious than he had begun by being, Mr Eiderhood took up his pint pot and swaggered oil' to the tap-room. ?Immediately after dismissing her customers for the night, Miss Potterson sends for Lizzie Hexam and conveys to her the suspicion which Eiderhood has cast upon her father. . 'Lizzie Hexam, Lizzie Hexam, think again. Do you know the worst' of your father?' ' Do 'I know the worst of father I' she repeated, open ing her eyes. ' Do you know the suspicions to which your father makes himself liable ? Do you know the suspicions that are actually about against him ?' The consciousness of what he habitually did oppressed the. girl heavily, and she slowly cast down her eyes. ' Say Lizzie... Do you know ?' urged Miss Abbey. ' Please to teii.me what, the suspicions are, Miss,' she ? asked, after' a silence, with her eyes upon the' ground. ' It's not an easy thing to tell a daughter, but it must be told. It is thoueht bv some; then, that your father helps to their death a few of those he finds dead.' The relief of hearing what she felt sure was a false suspicion, in place of the expected real and true one, so lightened Lizzie's breast for the moment, that Miss Abbey was amazed at her demeanor. She raised her eyes quicldy, shook her head, and, in a kind of triumph, almost laughed. 'They little know father who talk like that !' (' She takes it,' thought Miss A.bbey, 'very quietly.. She takes it with extraordinary quietness !') ' And perhaps,' sa'id Lizzie, as a recol lection flashed upen her, 'it is some one who has a grudge against father ; some one who has threatened father! Is it Eiderhood, Miss ?' ' Well ; yes, it is.' ' Yes ! He was father's partner, and father broke with him, and now lie revenges himself. Father broke with him when I was by, and he was very angry at it. And besides, Miss Abbey!— Will you never, without strong reason, let pass your lips what I am going to say?1' She bent forward to say it in a whisper. _ 'I promise,' said Miss Abbey. 'It was on the night when the Harmon murder was found out, through father, just above bridge. And just below bridge, as we were sculling home, Eiderhood crept out of the dark in his boat. And many and many times after wards, when such great pains were taken to come to the bottom of . the crime, and it never could come near, I thought in my own thoughts, could Eiderhood himself have done the murder, and did he purposely let father find the body ? It seemed a'most wicked and cruel to so much as think such a thing ; but now that he tries to throw it upon father, I go back to it as if it was a truth. Can it be a truth ? That was put into . my mind by the dead ?' She asked this question, rather of the fire than of the hostess of the Fellowship-Porters, and looked round the little bar with troubled eyes. But, Miss Potter son, as a ready schoolmistress accustomod to bring her pupils to book, set the matter in a light that was essentially of this world. 'You poor deluded girl,' she said, ' don't you see that you can't open your mind to particular suspicious of one of the two, without open ing your mind to general suspicions of the other ? They had worked together. Their goings-on had been going on for some time. Even granting that it was as you navenaam your tuougms, wmn tuo lwo uuu ume together would come familiar to tho mind of one.' ' You don't know father, Miss, when you talk like that. Indeed, indeed, you don't know father.' ' Lizzie, Lizzie,' said Miss Potterson. ' Leave him. You needn't break with him altogether, but leave' him. Do well away from him ; not because of what I told you to-night — we'll pass no judgment upon that, and we'll hope it may not be— but because of what I have urged on you before. No matter whether it's owing to your good looks or not, I like you and I want to serve you. Lizzie, come under my direction. Don't fling yourself away, my girl, ?? but be per suaded into being respectable and happy.' In tho sound good fooling and good sense of her entreaty, Miss Abbey had softened into a soothing tone, and had even drawn her arm round the girl's waist. But, she' only replied, 'Thank you, thank you ! I can't. I won't. I must not think of it. The harder father is borne upon, the moro he needs me to lean on.' And then Miss Abbey, who, like all hard people when they do not soften, felt tljat there was considerable compensation owing to her, underwent reaotion and became frigid. 'I have dono what I can,' she said, ' and you must go your way. You mnko your bed, and you muBt lie on it. But tell your father one thing : he must not come here any move.' ' Oh, Miss, will you forbid him the houso whore I knQwWsupjQ?', t?'JfJi9 Fellowships,' wtwiMw Abbey, 'has itself to look, to as well as others. It. has been hard work to .establish, order here, and make the Fellowships what ill is, and it is daily and nightly hard work to keep it so. The Fellowships must not have a taint upon it that may give it a bad 'name. I forbid the house to Eiderhood, and I forbid the house to Gaffer. ? I forbid both equally. I find, from Eider hood and you together, that there are suspicions against both men, and I'm not going to take upon myself to decide betwixt them. They are both'tarred with n dirty brush, and I can't have the Fellowships tarred with the same brush. That's all I know.' 'Good night, Miss,' said Lizzie Hexam, sorrowfully. ' Hah ! — Good night I' returned Miss Abbey, with a shake of her head. ' ' Believe me, Miss Abbey, I am truly grateful all the same.' ' I can believe a good deal,' returned tho stately Abbey, ' so I'll try to believe that too, Lizzie.' No supper did Miss Potterson take that night, and only half her usual tumbler of hot Port Negus. And the female domestics — two robust sisters with staring black eyes, shining flat red faces, blunt noses, and strong black curls, like dolls — interchanged the sentiment that Missis had had her hair combed the wrong way by somebody. And the pot-boy afterwards remarked that he hadn't been ' so rattled to bed,' since his late mother had systematically accelerated his retirement to rest with a poker. The chaining of the door behind her, as she went forth, disenchanted Lizzie Hexam of that first relief she had felt. The night was black and shrill, the river-side wilderness was melan choly, and there was a sound of casting put in the rattling of the iron-links, and the grating of the bolts and staples under Miss Abbey's hand. As she came beneath the lowering sky, a sense of being involved. in a murky shade of murder dropped upon her; and, as the tidal swell of the river broke at her feet without her seeing how.it gathered, so, her thoughts startled her by rushing out of an unseen void and striking at her heart. Of her father's being groundlessly suspected she felt sure. Sure. Sure. And yet, repeat the word .inwardly as often as she would, the attempt to reason . out and prove that she was sure, always came after it and failed. ? Eiderhood had done the deed, and en trapped her father. Eiderhood had not done the deed, but had resolved in his malice to turn against her father, the appearances that were ready to his hand to distort. Equally and swiftly, upon either putting of the case, followed the frightful possibility, that her father, being innocent, yet might come to be believed guilty. She had heard of people suffering death for bloodshed of which they were afterwards proved pure, and those ill-fated persons wsro not, first, in that dangerous wrong in which her father-stood. Then at the best, tho beginning of his being set apart, whispered against, and avoided was a certain fact. It dated from that very night. And as the, great black river with its dreary shores was soon lost to her view in tho gloom, so, she stood on the rivei-'s brink unable to see into the vast blank misery of a life suspected, and fallen away from by good and bad, but knowing that it lay there dim before her, stretching away to the great ocean, Death. One thing only was clear to the girl's mind. Accustomed from her very babyhood promptly to do the thing that could be done — whether to keep out- weather, to ward off cold, to postpone hunger, or whatnot — she started out of her meditation, and ran home. The room was quiet, and the lamp burnt on the table. In the bunk in the corner, her brother lay asleep. She bent over him softly, kissed him, and came to the table. 'By the time of Miss Abbey's closing, and by tho run of the tide, it must be one. Tide's running up. Father at Chis wick, wouldn't think of coming down, till after the turn, and that's at half after four. I'll call Charley at six. I shall hear the church-clock strike as I sit here.' Very ciuietlv she placed a chair before the scanty fire. and sat down in it, drawing her shawl about her. ' Charley's hollow down by the flare is not there now. Poor Charley 1' The clock struck two, and the clock struck three, and the clock struck four, and she remained there, with a woman's patience and her own purpose. When the morning was well on between four and five, she slipped off her shoes (that her going about .might not wake Charley), trimmed the fire sparingly, put water on to boil, and set the tablo for breakfast. Then she went up the ladder, lamp in hand, and came down again, and glided about and about, making a little bundle. Lastly, from her pocket and from the chimney piece, and from an inverted basin on the highest shelf, she brought halfpence, a few sixpences, fewer shillings, and fell to laboriously and noiselessly counting them, and setting aside one little heap. She was still so en gaged, when she was startled by : — ' Hal-loa !' from her brother, sitting up in bed. ' You made me jump, Charley.' ' Jump ! Didn't you make me jump, when I opened my eyes a moment ago, and saw you sitting there, like the ghost of a girl-miser, in the dead of the night.' ' It's not the dead of the night, Charley. It's nigh six in the morning.' ' Is it though ? But what are you up to, Liz ?' ' Still telling your fortune, Charley.' ' It seems to bo a precious small one, if that's it,' said the boy. ' 'What are you putting that little pile of money by itself for?' ' For you, Charley.' ' What do you mean ?'' 'Get out of bed, Charley, and got washed and dressed, and then I'll tell you.' Her composed manner, and her low distinct voice, always had an influence over him. His head was soon in a basin of water, and out of it again, and staring at her through a storm of towelling. 'I never,' towelling at himself as if he were his bitterest enemy, ' saw such a girl as you are. What is the move, Liz ?' ' Are you almost ready for breakfast, Charley?' 'You can pour it out. Hal-loa I I say? ?and a bundle?' 'And a bundle, Charley.' 'You don't mean it's for me, too?' 'Yes, Charley; I do, indeed.' More' serious of face, and more slow of action, than he hud been, the boy completed his dress ing, and came and sat down at the little breakfast table, with his eyes amazedly directed to her face. ' You see, Charley dear, I have made up my mind that this is the right time for your going away from us. Over and above all the blessed change of by-and-bye, you'll bo much happier, and do much better, even so soon as next month. Evon so soon as next week.' ' How do you know I shall ?' ' I don't quito know how, Charley, but I do.' In spito of her unchanged manner of speaking, and her unchanged appearance of composure, 0 she scarcely .trusted herself to look at him, bat kept her eyes em ployed on tho cutting and buttering of his bread, and on tho mixing of his tea, and other such little prepara tions. ' You must leave father to me, Charley— I will do what I can with him — but you must go.' 'You don't stand upon ceremony, I think,' grumbled tho boy, throwing his bread and butter about in an ill humor. She made him no answer. ' I tell you what,!' said tho boy, then, bursting out into an angry whimpering, ' you're a selfish jado, and you think there's not enough for three of us, and you want to get rid of me.' ' If you believe so, Charley — yes, then I beliove, too, that I am a selfish jade, and that I think thero's not enough for three of us, and that I want to. get rid of you.' It was only when tho boy rushed at her, and threw his arms round her neck that she lost her self-constraint. But she lost it then, and wept over him. ' Don't cry 1 don't cry ! I am satisfied to go, Liz ; I am satisfied to go. I know you send me away for my good.' 'Oh, Charley, Charley, Heaven above us knows I do !' ' Yes, yes. Don't mind what I said. Don't remember it. Kiss me.' After a silence, she loosed him, to dry heroyes and regain her strong quiet influence. 'Now listen, Charley dear. We both know it must bo done, and I alone know there is a good reasqn for its being done at once. Go straight to tho school, and say that you and I agreed upon it — that we oan't overcome father's opposition— that father will never trouble them, but )YiU RQYOS ti&Q; yqu, b^ols, leu, W(i ft crgd,il- t? -jUo school, and you will be a greater credit to it yet, and they will help you to get a living. Show what clothes you have brought, and what money, and say that I will send some more money. If I can get some in no other way, I will ask a little help of those two gentlemen who came here that night,' 'I say!'- cried her brother, quickly. 'Don't you have it of that chap that took hold of me by the chin 1 Don't you have it of that Wrayburn one !' Perhaps a slight additional tinge of red flashed up into her face and brow, as with a nod she laid a hand upon his lips to keep him, silently attentive. ' And above all things mind this, Charley ! Be sure you always speak well of father. Be sure you always give father his full due. You can't deny that because father has no learning himself he is set against it in you; but favor nothing elso against him, and be sure you say — as you know - that your sister is devoted to him. And if you should ever happen to hear anything &aid; against father that is new to you, it will not be true. Eemember, Charley 1 It will not be true.' 