SCIENCE AND THEOLOGY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir — I notice in a recent impression of your paper a letter signed "Free Inquirer," on the above subject, and would have noticed it sooner had my time been at my own disposal. I hope, however, I am not too late to call his attention to his quotations and re marks in regard to the Duke of Argyle's speech at a recent meeting of the Bible Society of Scotland held in Glasgow, of which the noble Duke is President. I quote from your correspondent.— "His Grace, speaking of the difficulty of reconciling religion with science, says, ' I believe we get over the difficulty simply by adopting a doctrine which is not authori tative, which is not traditional, which is entirely new*—which is objected to by the Holy Catholic Church—as the Bishop of Oxford calls it—for many generations. I mean this, which I find very ably expressed by Dr. Candlish, in a work recently pub lished called "Season and Revelation." I give His Grace's quotation and Dr. Candlish's own words in his book now before me, "On the Authority and Inspiration of the Holy Scriptures." His Grace's Quotation. Dr. Candlish'* Work. " All that is in Scripture l? " All that is in Scripture Je not neeessirfly revelation. To not revelation. To a urge a, large extent the Bible is a extent the Bible is a record record of banian affairs: the of human affairs—the eay sajings and doings of men; ings and doings of men; not not a record of Divine doc- always a record of Divine trine, or of communications doctrine, or of eommnnica fromGod." tions from God."—Page 68. The difference in the two quotations rests in the word " necessarily " in the one, and "always " in the other. I quote again from your correspondent:—" And especially in reference (says the Duke) to physical facts, Dr. Candlish asserte, as I believe he well may, the independence of our faculties in this important passage —' The Inspired Word is abreast of the science and literature of the age, bat not in advance of it.'"—<PageB4.) I cannot quote largely from this work, but at pre sent I may select the following:— " But if holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, then the Bible has really but one author—the Holy Ghost. And in dealing with it yon are to deal with it as a whole—the product of one mmd—the collection of the miscellaneous works of one divine author." (Page 40.) " Properly speaking, it (the Bible) has but one author—the Holy Ghost—throughout. All the books of it are his composition. He is responsible for them all—Mid that being bo; he is entitled to the came measure of justice at our bands which an ordinary writer may claim. We are to take his writings as a whole, and interpret them by the help of one another, &c.;, &c;" (Pages 66 and 67.) " The fourth condition under which I assumed at the outset the divine revelation to be given, and the record of it to be framed, is, that the revelation was to be limited and restricted; not ranging over the whole field of possible knowledge in science or in history; but embracing only what concerns the moral government of God and the salvation of men." (Pages 82 and 83.) "The revelation, as given by God, is infallible; it may not be so, as apprehended by men. The record of it, as prompted or superintended by God, is in fallible ; it may not be so, as read by us." (Page 54) I leave your correspondent to "wonder" how the Rev. Mr. Gardner and Dr. Candlish, " two ministers of the came Church," will reconcile themselves the one with, the other. If they now or eventually differ, I do not fear but that it wOl tend to the furtherance of the truth; and if they agree, they will help to make the truth all the I am, Sir, &c.;, SIGMA. April 4, 1864. • How is this—a doctrine entirely new according to His Grace, and ret objected to by the Bishop of Oxford, on behalf of Hie Holy Catholic Church, for many generations? 