ONE OF THE SERMONS BEFORE THE BREAKING OUT OF THE WAR IN A METtTCA. . . ... The Register, published at Braddon, , rives a partial report of a sermon preached a few weeks since at Waterproofs, not far from Braddon. It is to be regretted that the whole sermon was .not preserved. The following paragraphs Bhow the SP1"I mayay1 40 ymi my breethering, that I am not an eYecated man, an' I am not one of them as bleeves that edecation is necessary for a gospel Sr, fur I bleeves the Lord edecates Ms nreachers jest as he wants 'm to be edecated, an, Koimhl say it that oughtn't to say it, yet in the State of Indianny, whar I man is "its a bigger congregation nor w hat i „i " Thar may be some here to- day, my breethren as don't know what pursuasion lam uv. well, may say to you, my breethring, that I am a Hard- . shell. Baptist. Thar's some folks as don't like the I Hardshell Baptists, but I'd rather hev a hard shell as no shell at. all, You see me here to-day, my breethring, drest up in fine close ; you mout think I was proud, but I am not proud, my breethring, and althoxxgh I have been a preacher uv the Gospel for twenty years, an' although I'm- capting of that flat boat -that lies at yure landing, I'm not proud, my breethren. ir?; i" I aui hot.gw ine to tell you edzuckly whar my :.-:tex- may- be: found ; suffice it to Bay, it's -in the leds of the Bible, and. you'll find it somewhar 'tween the first chapter .of. the book .of Generation apd the last chapter of the book of Revolutions, jarid ef you'll go and sarch the Scriptures, as I iiave sarched the Scriptures, ycu'll not only find my tex thar. but a great many other ferrs as will do you good to read, an' my tex, when you shill find it to lead thus : — 'and lie played on .a harp of a thousand strings — sperits of just men made perfeck,.' , "My text, breethring, leads me speak uv sperits. Now, thar's a great many, kinds of sperits in the -, world — in the first place, thar's the sperits as sum folks call ghosts, then thar's the spirits uy turpen time, and then thar's the sperits as some folks calls liquor, and I've got as good an artikel of them kiud uv sperits on my flat-boat as ever was fetched down the Missisippi River, tut thar's a, great, many . other, kinds of sperits," for the tex says ' He played 'on' a harp of a thousand strings — sperits of just men made perfeck.' ? '! But-I'll tell you ,the kind; of sperits asr ismeht in the tex— it's fire. This is the kind of sperits as;ment-,in the tex,- ;my. breethring./; Now, thar's; a great many kinds of . fire in the world. In the .fnst.place,; ;the common sorfc ,uv fire' you lite a segar or pipe with, and then thar's cam-fire; fire before you're reddy and fall back, and many other kinds uv, fire,- for the tex.se's. — i jje played on a harp" of Ja thousand Strings— sperits of just ' men made perfeck.' " ; . i . , " But I'll tell you the kind uv fire as is ment -in Jhe tex; my breethring— if s hellfir&,i and; that's .the kindhiv. fire as.a great many. uv .you'll; come I to ef yOjUidon'bjdo, better nor what .you've been doin'-y for — , Be played on the harp uv a thousand strings — sperits of just men made perfeck.' , . T "Now, the different sorts of fire in the world may be likened unto the" different persuasions ,'of Christians in the' world; In the fust place we have - the Piscapalfans ; and they are a high-sailin' and: a- high falutiw set,<and they be likened unto a turkey buzzard .that flies up into air, and he goes up and ; up till hu looks no bigger than your finger nail, and.- the fust t-huig you know, he cums down and" down and down, and is filling himself on the carkisS- of a dead hoss by the side, of the road, and — 'He played on' a harp of a thousand 'strings— sperits of stnn/made perfei... . " And then thar's" the' Meth'ediSi/ and they may be likened unto the sqiurrel rhriiiing-iip into a tree, for ihe Methedis bleeves 'in' gwine on froin one de- grefe 'of grace tor. another, ;aud finally on.Yb perfec- shun/' and the" squirrel goes upland xipj, and he /j limps from liiii? to lim!;. ' iand .brandK to;brahch, and The first thing you know he falls and dt)wns'!he cums, kerflumux, anidV that's like the Methedi.s/ for he is allersl falliff( from grace, /ah I VAfidL' Hbtplayed on "a: harp uv- ;a. "thousand sfegeityeritsCibf just menmtyle.perieck;'ft '-;: i>%-; ::-- :; ; '" ' " " " .- - " And then, iriy breethring, thar's the Baptist, ah ! -and : theyv.have a hibcf likened unto -iU possum on a 'simion tree, and "the thunders may roll, and then the" earth may s quake, - but 'that .pbssum clings there still, ; ah ! ' An d you- may ' shake' one foot ?lbohe'and: the : other's' thar j ;ahd: you,, may(.'sh.ake all feet loose; , and .He iaps his taff fbund(themb and he clings for ever, for— ' He played! on XKarp uv, a .thousand strings— sperits of- just - men made ( Here ! fcheN reporter couid . no- longer , contairr Himself, .and iiis notes became: perfectly :unifitel- ligible.;-" ; ' ; ' -THE'GRbPSIfi/ tyveral.Fari Tlie fiistyict the hay is | already, being oiit, . although ill most instaficek wbere this is the case, > it is with crbps intended- originally for: oats,- : but! which do'nbt look very promising, and sq They are not allowed "t6s ifriv'ev-a't maturity. HGeiierally the hay crop proinises well;. but we are soriy to sty that the ; ceredl crbps will be anything but first- ratei.. -THe blight did . a good deal of mischief,, but its; ravages were not.so extensive as 'at? one:timb'it was thought they would be. Of the condition" of the crops in the .south part,. of _the Western District, the Baiiner'Tpfi-Melfij&jSV; Of th'e' prospecta of .tb.eJ/ ' rumors are, cpntiixUally appearing in ' various ; journals 'in differectyparts of- tHe colony. In some places we hear oT devastation caused by. wireworm, caterpillar; aphis, and fust,: while in others we hear that the crops are looking remarkably well/arid promise ah abundant yield., ?In.?itlie Rorti Fairyland AY afrnariibool districts we are sorry ;to /.report that blight prevails to a serious extent.-; /Some.;-farmers: inform us that Their crops of oats are a complete failure,'- and their what paddocks;;; which ' uiitil t-hb last fety weeks , yfqrefTpbkifig "well, are now exhibiting .gr&at;! £eik>w:i patches., /Fears are,; entertained that jhe/harvest of all kinds of ; cereals ffwilR again be;:deficienf."; Of the -crops- -'afotind'BaL laarat ffhe: $tar s>j's )— 4 The; crops ; iir,!;vwith.. some few exceptions,', 1 o oki n g well , and. from th e 'Smeaton Plains to uoghill's Creek ..the; eye1 is gladdened by. the sight o£ hill, Yalley, and level ; covered with: waving-; crops ;of emerald' green, giving protiiise( or a. rich and abundant harvest. Th variohs placek abput Ascot the wheat is coin ing into ear/ ' jfie barley has/ already done so, and a: fe w( warm sunny days would be: of great .service.- Patches of oats aboiib the Eastern Hill, fBiiilarook, have been injxired by The aphis,- but not to any great'extent. Pbtafdes, carrots, and mangoi'd wurzel are. beginning to sliow. very wfell, alt llbugh oiL "account .of .thefate,coldi.andi wet w.eather many people. began to fear fchatfhey would all rot in the ground.' - The crisis is,- how- " ever, consid ered to be pas t, and tb e farmers are "sanguine as) to the yield..'-"! . : i ; / ToADS.-/YY6 afe not sure but/Agbod supplyof these little harmle animalsf woxlld 'prove1 a!d-: vantageous in protecting the vines. that bugs' -preY .u pon iri tli e garden, wh ere ' they . Will; lead . repdfAblb' lives, and set niari an; example _ of" patient industry in- bug-killing worthy of iinita-- "tion. We ' could not but think of the folly' of' the ' .prejudice against this very useful- and -much , abused class of animals. A correspondent of the Cambridge Chronicle, a few'days ago, put in a plea for toads, and justifies his partialtiy by the following, which we extract from his com munication : — "We have in our garden a small nursery of plum trees, which have nearly been destroyed by the canker-worms. Last season we commenced shaking them off. One day we observed many toads about these that that on our approach became frightened, and retreated in great haste to their retreats in the neighbor ing bushes. Soon finding they were not pursued, they commenced hopping back, and caught with avidity each canker-worm as it descended on its tiny thread. "Wo counted at one time thirty immediately round our feet. Day after day we fed them with their favorite food, and they be came so tame as to follow us, watch our hand, and take the worm from our fingers." " Ih the autumn " says another writer, " a pit wherein melons were grown was so infested with ants as to threaten the destruction of the whole crop," which they did, first by perforating the, skin, and afterwards eating their way into the fruit ; and making several unsuccessful attempts to destroy them, it occurred to us that we had seen the toad feed on them. We accordingly put half-a dozen toads into the pit, and in a few days scarcely an ant was to be found." A man who courts a young woman in the star light, probably expects to get a wife in a twink ling. 