WINTER PEARS. BEING SOME THOUGHTS ON LATE RIPENING. MY A SENIOR WRANOLBR. I do not know-because Hoffman, iniiU tale of " The Golden JUT," has not thought proper to say whether or not the fruit stall of the Bronzed Apple woman, which the student An serious knocked over in his haste, had upon it any such pears QB I have now before me rough, knobby, unsymmetrical looking, union . Tiling. If any such fruit were scattered about the causeway, no doubt some of the street boys picked them up, and ate. And, if they did no doubt (to venture upon one more con- lecture) they found them green and poor flavoured for Winter Pears want keeping some time before they are ripe. I can bear in , mediate testimony to that. When Mr. Micawber (I am not about to digress) thought of entering into the Medway coal trade, it seemed to Mrs. Micawber that the first thing Mr. Micawber had to do was to go and see the Medway. With more relevancy it seemed to me, when I thought of writing an essay about Winter Pears, that the first thing I had to do was to taste one. I did 60 and, though it was late in the year, I found it would bear a good deal more seasoning. It was not to be supposed that such a useful symbol as a late ripening fruit would, any more than a Glastonbury rose, or a century-aloe, escape the manipulation of the moralists. Accordingly, many essayists have made capital out of Winter Pears. Says one-Do not be misled by external things ; a great latent capacity of sweetness may exist beneath a rough outside. Says another Do not be mis- led by precocity ; the fruit which ripens latest keeps the best. And so on, round the whole circle of moral commonplaces, wherever the symbol can be made to touch it. Well, let us, for our parts, try to avoid being misled by anything whatever, by (for example) riding an analogy to death and let us, at the same time, see what we can get out of Winter Pears. Not much, surely, need be said about the first of the two morals " instanced above. What- ever sweetness is at any time found existing under a rough outside might be none the less sweet if his outside were smooth. Roughness is, in fact, partial unripeness, and is never in itself, an object of praise, though it is easily pardoned if the saccharine matter really lies in plenty underneath it. To admire what are called rude, shaggy, natures, is very often a symptom of culture overdone, and almost lapsed into sicknesses symptom not unhopeful, for it is a natural turning to what is tonically alterative. But not only is perfect strength as smooth as the O of Gietto for it remains to be added that the leaning of Christian ethics has always been to that type of character which grows up, through tenderness, into strength. The reason is obvious ; force may be partaking the life of others; but tenderness must. It seems to be easier to raise the gentle soul to energy than to break the strong into submission. Thus, in so far as the winter pear stands for the hard fibrous character that will endure plenty of wear and tear before it mellows from the centre throughout, it has no exclusive lesson for us. Such a character, however, may not only be of the noblest ; it may have, besides, a wonderful fascination of its own-when once we are sure of its precise differential. Goodness with crude manners is, in fact, like a coquette ; or a beautiful river that dives into dark caves and reappears ; or a star . with two faces ; or an instrument that plays sweet and angry tunes by turns. Over the outsider it exercises all the power that lies in mystery, until, in close intercourse, the outsider has caught at the law of its moods and even then, the double play of soul, each holding its best resources in the leash, and each luxuriantly suspecting the other is, I suppose, about the most voluptuous thing in the whole experience of sentiment. Hence, I observe women who write stories delight in sketching such characters and such situations as I have in my eye. Unless, too, I am very much mistaken, single women do so more than married women upon which much might be said. The question between precocity and late maturity is not so simple. It is one upon which almost everybody has his own private induction; and there are very few people who have the philosophy, or the candour, to recollect that an instance there may make all the difference to the conclusion. Yet who can be sure that he is at the end of the facts The instantia Crucis may turn up to-morrow, for what a man knows. Yet the popular mind, as we all know, is so fond of " something definite " that, even in the very attempt to correct its own conscious errors, it will rather run away into positive paradox than hold itself in equilibrium till it has a chance of making its crucial experiment. If it were not so, the subject of mental and moral precocity (if we must needs accept that word would have met different treatment. Once % having set up the word precocious on the one hand and the word morbid on the other, you may, of course, play any tricks you please with them so long as you do not trouble yourself , about, precise definitions ; but no longer, There is no valid excuse whatever absolutely none-for saying that early activity of the mind and heart is a bad thing, or is a prognostic of any one kind of disease or decay. No valid excuse, I say, in the lives of the great and good and no assignable physiological or psychological reason why it should be so. All forcing is bad one but what is forcing ? It is, surely, spurring the energies until exhaustion sets in. We want no ghost to tell us that that must be mischievous; the thing, is obvious.' But if any ghost (of an over- wrought victim, lay) comes from the dead to assert that spontaneous activity, however early, ( '?is"¡necessarily"morbid," I say he is not "an 1 honest ghost," like our old friend of Elsinore. The instances of precocious genius or energy (I again say that I use that vague adjective under protest which has afterwards verified its own promise are, to say the very least as numerous as the instances of the contrary j or, to be more exact as the instances which are popularly liable to be set on the other side of the account, The fact is, the best minds have many maturities, \--vi point which we shall approach more closely in a minute or two. Milton was precocious ;" and yet he sat down to "Paradise Lost' at fifty ' Whether Shakspeare was precocious or not, 've we have no means of knowing in spite of Aubrey's nonsense about calf rolling, which is adopted by Guizot. The present Bishop of St. , David's is not you; is not, so far as know, unhealthy and has certainly, some repute as a scholar and historian. Well, I have many a possession a book of his published when he was eleven years old, from which it appears that he read Greek when he was four. Sir Walter Scott began his career as a novelist at forty. ' Was he a precocious boy? They say not; but who are they and what do "they know, about it? 11 have my eye at this moment upon a Bad, speaking absolutely ; but it may sometimes be unecessary evil, and, in a manner, 63 assistant to the not situate. a little boy who is the very torment of his schoolmasters, because he does not learn" his' lessons. If he should distinguish himself in after-life, here's a fact against precocity in youth. But, for all that, the boy is precocious for the reason why he does not "learn" is that the extreme facility with which he can do it makes it irksome to him. I might greatly extend this sort of comment, but for [ bear ; only adding a word of caution about kinds of precocity. Let me suppose and I have, again, my eye upon an actual case let me suppose it said in the biography of an artist In his boyhood he was chiefly distinguished among his playmates by the accuracy with which he could, with a common pebble just picked up, hit a sparrow on the wing." Now here, says the popular mind, there was no rustic precocity. I beg your pardon, but there was The power of hitting a sparrow on the wing would not make a painter, but the quality which is essential to such a feat is, in a high degree, essential to the painter's work namely, the power of firmly transfixing an object with the eye, and accurately seizing its relative position, to its perspective. But to pass on, and still to keep for the present, on the outskirts of this question of maturity. A modern novelist has said that all the great things have been done by the young. He spoke chiefly of men of action, and made out a long list of instances convenientes. Taking for granted, as " common sense " would permit him to do, the absence in proximo, he passed on to his instance secundum magis et minus. So he made out his case by induction. Only he forgot Cromwell and Mahomet. 4 Turning from action to thought (admitting, of course, that the distinction is not absolutely, the case is not less doubtful. When was the maturity of Coleridge ? Was it in his annus mirabilis of twenty-six, which produced to him the " Ancient Mariner," and the first part of " Christabel" ? or was it later,- when he threw off the prose works to which we can almost, if not wholly, trace the existence of the " Broad Church" movement, to say nothing of Young England is When was the maturity of John Hunter, who began to study anatomy at the age when most men begin to think of counting up their money? When was the maturity of Goethe? was it when he wrote " Herrmann and Dorothea," or when he wrote " Faust " ? Was Milton mature when he wrote " Comus," or when he wrote the " Paradise," or when he was writing his great political and social treatises ? Who can fail to see (that will take a little pains) that the "Hyperion" of Keats was the index of a ' tentative maturity (passes It not!) which would have been followed by other maturities if he had lived? In Shelley, one can distinctly see in Master" the maturity of adolescence, and in the " Adonis" and " Epischychidion " the advancing waves of another high tide. One might carry this on for ever. But, to take men of both thought and action, when was the maturity of Lord Lyndhurst was it when he sat upon the woolsack, or when he advocated the reform of the laws regulating the property of married women ? When was the maturity of Lord Brougham of John Wesley ? of Calvin? of Luther? of Newton? of Colony a bus ? of Sir Walter Raleigh I mention the last case, because it is a striking instance of a troubled life cut short, the man himself having a character and a capacity so versatile that he had, up to the time when he laid his head upon the block, never mastered himself, or made sure of his own best. Still keeping to the outside of the question, for a minute more let me go back to men of thought, to recall Macaulay's celebrated speeches on the copyright question in 1841-2. Macaulay, it is well known, succeeded in throw- ing out Talfourd's well-intended bill; but one of the arguments he employed, while it bears directly upon the question before us, may not be remembered. It was this, that the scheme proposed by the author of " Ion " would give a longer term of copyright to the earlier than to the later works of writers whose books were most worth thinking of in relation to the copy- right question. Mr. Macaulay says "No great work of imagination has ever been produced under the age of thirty or thirty-five years, and the instances are few in which any have been produced under the age of forty. I venture to say, that no man acquainted with literary history will deny, that, taking the writings of authors generally, the best and most valuable of their works have been produced within the last seventeen years of their lives." I will not carry my own readers through Macaulay's long list, - which takes in names as diverse as those of Sophocles, Cervantes, Racine, Goethe, Spenser, Milton, Locke, Bacon, and Shakspeare and I will admit that Macaulay was a man of old-fashioned standards. But I hold that he has made out his case in so far as concerns great philosophic works, and imagina- tive works in which there is great breadth of touch, and a strong grasp of the facts of human life. My readers can, for themselves, refer to his speeches, which will well repay their trouble, whether they agree with him or not. But now, for a few sentences, let us draw a little nearer to the heart of the subject. When we say that a character or an intellect (and of course, the interaction of the two is incessant and inscrutable) is mellowed or matured late in life, we mean that the processional changes of the mind and the body have not kept the usual time with each other that the mind seems to have arrived at its best when the body seems to have begun to decline in its capacity. But there is, one needs hardly repeat, great vagueness about all such talk. In the first place, outsiders seldom think of judging except by results. Now the productivity of the intellect is no accurate index of its capacity though productive power will pretty certainly (not necessarily) be seen to exist, if it does exist. Nor is the character to be judged of rashly by anybody who can get hold of what he may choose to call " fruits." Character is above circumstance, but circumstance goes for something, after all as people are ready enough to insist when i it suits their purpose and it may, and undoubtedly does very often retard healthy growth, and very often obscures the indication of growth. This is, indeed, obvious. Roughly speaking and yet speaking with an effort at exactitude-the period of maturity may be said to be (psychologically) the period when the ideal of the individual soul is so far har- monised with the facts of life and nature, that whatever discord remains does not hinder the attempts of the soul to do its best, in whatever kind. Some discord must always lie at the bottom : which is only another way of saying that one is human, and can only conceive of things in parts, one at a time. But the great battle with us all-a battle which has 1 to be brought in as many shapes as there are people in the world to arrive at such a road general reconcilement as will serve the ends of duty. Many things may retard this A man once maintained that poets were always born in December, and made out a good list, but he forgot Shakspeare. I many things may hasten it many accidents may disturb it, and require the "special case" (lawyers will know what I mean to be re- stated and re- answered. But one thing is absolutely essential, that the facts of experience should have been well absorbed by the mind, and that, in some way, the moment of insight should have come. This word "insight" is very much knocked about nowadays and it is to be feared that a good many people take it to mean a sort of penetration. But it means nothing of the kind. If I have insight, it is, not that I have found things out, but that things have found out me ; not that I have looked, and seen, but that somewhat has been shown to me which I could not help seeing, unless I shut my eyes. If the patient open eye be necessary to in- sight, and if insight be the necessary condition of that harmony of the individual nature with the will of God, which is, again, the condition upon which one becomes potentially " mature," or "mellow," it may be conjectured that a number of people never have any true mellowness or maturity at all. A sad, but quite true I conjecture. A great many folks won't be at the trouble of keeping their eyes open upon their ideals, and the facts of life. Now they are forced to see the facts of life and if they will not be at the pains of constantly keeping the other within the field of vision, they can do something else, and only one thing. They can murder the ideal and hide it. Which, alas I is just what they do. Then, they are haunted by its ghost and their true maturity is, to say the least, put off indefinitely. There is no doubt, dear reader, that it is very, very hard to submit constantly to the reproaching looks of this ideal, as measured against the first aspect which hard facts present to us - no doubt. The temptation is terrible to shut the eye, and have done with the puzzle, and the struggle, and the weariness, and the infinite sadness. It is especially so after you have done wrong or even sometimes after you have done what other people insist on calling wrong, if you have done it to your own wounding and hurt. But, dearly beloved, keep your eye open still, for you can never tell at what moment the vision may come to you which shall end the discord. It may come, it not seldom does come, in the very moment of reaction from the sense of the worst thing you ever did. Only it is sure to come, unless you blind yourself. The uncertainties which hang around the arrival of this supreme moment are enough, of course, to make the period of maturity utterly incalculable to common eyes. It may come by sorrow-and one man may live with scarce a pang or a pain till he is fifty, while another may have his heart broken up at twenty. It may come in a crisis of severe self-denying labour-and that crisis must choose its own time. It may come with love-or with the renunciation of love- and, to these things, what psychological Ztdkiel is equal ? We have, of course, no means of know- ing how many renounce love ; but the number of those who know what it is like seems so very small, that one is often tempted to maintain that it never was intended to be anything but an abnormal, exceptional thing-an occasional planet, not a regular light of our human system. Some- times, the moment of insight comes with a true spiritual word And, for the most part, I suppose it never comes at all. This seems rashly said, perhaps but let us look again. The character begins to mature or mellow when moral discord has ceased. Now, of those who are conscious of ideals, it is to be feared that the majority commit that sort of murder to which I just now referred. As to those who have no such consciousness, they have their battle to fight in another way. They live exclusively by external rules, and see the handwriting of God only in external symbols. They naturally expect that obedience to the rules which stand to them for duty shall bring a certain amount of external prosperity. This is their notion of a divine harmony of things. If they are disappointed, if, in other words, they are unfortunate, and if no spiritual teaching shows them a better the dice -they are liable to become cynical. They do not mature. On the contrary, they become soured as we commonly call it A curious instance of the manner in which popular metaphor often goes to the very heart of a subject. It is not then so rash, after all, to hint at a fear that the greater number of us do not ripen, but go oscillatingly, discordantly on our way, never reaching the moment of insight from which maturity begins to be possible. From that point, however, it is often quite an easy thing for the merest spectator to date the time of maturity, and to trace the march of the character onward. In general, indeed, it is not difficult to discern when that period has set in, and the productivity of the mind, of whatever sort has assumed a mellow character. If circumstances are then favourable we get the individual's best, in thought, in action, in the public or private service of God and men. If not, and the character be one of great energy, it may be bruised by the reaction of its own efforts at expression and then, perhaps, " the agony re- turns." The special case has to be re-stated. The man is in the condition of Christian when he dropped his roll out of his bosom, and had to go and look for it. Or he may fall in other ways, into sin, and have, for a time, at least, to live on memory, Happy they who can, in such case, make the past do duty, however left handedly, for the present-until the heavens are again opened to them. But it is, no doubt, the very hardest of all possible work for the conscience and I think people in that predicament have peculiar claims upon our consideration. Don't you see that if you abuse the man when he is groping about after his roll, he may take your harshness too much to heart, and fall over the rock-side, or go in desperation, back to the City of Destruction The page is, I fear, becoming almost too serious ; or, at least, too sad. And yet we have not gone out of our way. So far as our charity will guide us, we are bound to deal with our fellow-creatures not without reference to the question whether they have or have not so far fought their battle of life as to have reached the period of potential maturity. If they have, they are then strong enough to resist any attempt to " push them over the precipice" (as the phrase goes but you needn't try it on with them for your own amusement. For if they should happen to be Winter Pears, persons who have mellowed later than usual, it is probable that they will have, on other grounds, their hands quite full enough without any interference of yours. May this moral meet the eye of those who stand in need of it. For there are plenty of people who jealousy intermeddle if they find a busy maturity wearing rose or myrtle. Gather your true, and leave these bowers of joy and shining slopes of aspirations to your union 1 so they cry. But, by their leave, the world is wide, and the soul is greater than the almanack. -Good Words. A special case is a case for a lawyer's opinion in which the issue is narrowed by each party; having agreed to as much of the other side's facts us it can. 