REVIEWS OF NEW BOOKS, MAGAZINES, LITERARY CHIT CHA1, -jc. (From our own Reviewer.) London. 20th August. Among the minor matters to be noted the following- may be mentioned : — Mr. Robert 'lunt is nbont to publish two volumes entitled, ' Popular Ro nances of the West of Englunrt, or the Drolls of Old Cornwall,' which have been collected by him during the last thirty years. Those who are interested in Folk-lore will deem themselves en riched by these two volumes. The First Series embraces the Fabulous Age, or Pre- Historic Period, and pre sents us with romances of giants, fairies, of Trefreagie (the evil genius of the west), of mermaids and mermen, of evil-wishers and sorcerers. The Second Series will include the Ro mances and Superstitions of Historic Times, and presents stories of Cornish stunts, well-worship, fire-worship, de mons, spectres, King Arthur and his Knights, mines, miners, &c.; — Mr. Charles Lever, the novelist, appears to be the unmasked, clever, and amusing Cornelius O'Dowd, who has helped to make ' Blackwood' racy for some months past.— The autlior oi me Coining Struggle,' who threw people in to such fear and trouble some few years ugo by his terrible prophecies, is about to issue nno:lier similar publication. The title is not yet announced j but if ?200,000 copies are sold, as there were of the first pamphlet, it will be a very strong inducement to write another : at any rate it will show how eager people are to listen to anyone who professes to describe the unseen, nnd to reveal the unrevealed.— During the past thirty years, calico has been the favorite material lor book covers, but this has so increased in price in consequence of the American war, that a paper has been made to supersede it. It is said to have all the strength and flexibility of cloth, to receive set impre'ssions with great distinctness, to be washabl ivhnn dirtv. and to be only half the present price of embossed cloth.— Dr. Orthier has recently found among the relics of the library of Matthias Cor vinus preserved in the old libraryat the Seraglio, Constantinople, some in teresting manuscripts. One is an ac count, by an eye-witness, of the ovents of the reign of Mahomet the Great, of the capture of Constantinople, and of all the exciting scenes connected there with.— Mr. Spurgeon's sermon on Bap tisraul Regeneration is the subject ol comment and discussion in many pe riodicals—especially those belonging to the Establishud Church. The sermon itcult' has Imrl a verv extensive circula tion. So also has a second one in which he remarks, ' The whole ques tion is, Do you believe that baptism regenerates f If so— prove that your belief is scriptural. Do you believe that baptism does not regenerate? Then justify your swearing that it joes.' — The letters that have appeared I in the ' Times' on Bees, said to 1-b written by Dr. - umiaing, nro to he issued in a permanent form under the itle, ' The Times'' Beemaster, his Bees and Beehives a Manual for all ivho keep, or wish to keep, lines,' with llustrations.— ' Tho Englishwoman's Journal' will lienoetortli be incorporated ivith the ?' Alexandra Magazine.' -On the 1st October the publishers of 'Good Words' will issue tho first nuniber ol ' The Sunday Magazine,' to be edited by Dr. Guthrie. The ti'le is distinc tive ot the character of the magazine, while tb/. names of the promoters ore sufh'oient guarantee for its excellence in every respect. MHcmillim. The first paper is by Professor Max Muller : a guarantee ot its cx«llence. The subject is 'Tin nara-rranli and poetry of Schlesivig Holbtein.' A few notes will indicate the interesting nature ot the paper. 'At tbe time of Char emngne the saxon race is described as consisting of three tribes— the Ostfalai, Westtalai. and Angrarii. The name of Westphalia is still in existence,— that of Eastplialia has disappeared, but its memory sur vises in the English sterling. Eastphalia traders, the ancestors of the merchant princes of Hamburgh, were known in England by the name of Easterlings, and their money being of the purest quality, Easterling shortened to ster ling, became the general name of pure or sterling money. The name An grarii, is n corruption of tho older name, Angrivarii, — in later documents I calli d Anglevarii,' hence Anglii or Angrii— the name ot their country Anglia, and Englaland, to which they migrated. 'In the Latin laws ascribed j to Edward the confessor a ourious sup plement is found, which states ' that the facts (liuti) came formerly from tue , noble blood of the Angli, namely from the state of Engr'a, and that the Eng lish came from the same blood. The JutR therefore like the Angli of Ger many should always he received in England ub brothers, and as citizens ot the realm, because the Angli ot Eng land and Germany had always inter married, and had fought together against the Danes.'' After some ling uistic expositions, the professor remarks that ' if people say that the inhabitants of Schleswig Holstein do not speak German, there is some truth in such a I statement— at least just enough of truth to conceal the truth. It might be said with equal truth that the people of Lancashire do not speak English. They have their own dialeot ana cling to mapy things which in other parts of Germany have been discarded as old fashioned and useless,' 'Invoking at thi'ir language, nn Englishman at once discovers a number of ojd ac quaintances : words that he would look for in vain in Schiller or Goethe. Black means black ; in high german it would be schwarz. Do black is tho black horse, black up wit is black on white. Blirl is blithe. Bottervr^el is butterEy. Bragen or brelim is brain. The peculiar English hut exists in the Holstein huten, literally outside. Re ben is the English heaven.' Some poems by Klarss Groth uro then quoted and translations given. And the pa per is concluded with a touching IIol stein tale, showing that the inhabitants of the duchies regard themselves as more nearly allied to tlie Germans than than the Danes. The editor resumes his recollections of Dr. Chalmers,, de- scribing in this number his raid.lle life. Ho begins with 1831-2, when the Dr. was in the full manhood ot 42 in a po sition definite enough — the greatest pulpit orator, beyond all comparison in Scotland, nnd with a fame on this and other grounds, which hmi gone over the whole of Britain. In 18ol Chal murs at thn age ot 35 hail l-v the choice of the town council ol Glasgow, be come minister ot the Troii parish' He remained in Glasgow eight years, Four years minister of this Tron parish, 4 years of St. John's. Within a few months atter his arrival in Glas gow the degree of D.D. hail been con ferred upon him by the University of the city. In 1821-2 he was at St John's and Edward Irving was his assistant there. As an. indication of his popularity an extract is givun from Mr. J. G. Lockhart's description of him, written in- 1819 'I do no know what iB,' said' Jeffrey, after first hearing him in a speech at Edinburgh in 1816, ' but there is something alto gether remarkable about that man ; it reminds me inure of as tin eff tut of the eloquence of Demosthenes than anything I ever heard.' Chalmers had by this time paid a visit to Lon don, and there had been there the same flocking to hear him, ami the same ex traordinary ' furore' about his preaching in high circles that afterwards attended Irving. ' All the world is wild about Chalmers,' says Wilberfbrce in his diary in May, 1817; nnd again under date Sunday the 25th, ' off early Canning, Huskissou, and Lord Binning to the Scotch Church. London Wall, to hear (Jr. Chalmers. Vast crowds — Bobus Smith, Lord Elgin, Harrowhy, &c.;, I was surprised to see how Canning was Affected ; at times lie was quite melted into tears.' Other and similar quota tions are also given. Then comes the question, Oratory, what is it worth 1 which lends to ti discussion about ora torv ami orators in general. The bio graphy ot Chalmers is resumed by a re trospect of what occurred between 1801—2 and 1821—2. Here it is re lated that in the quiet, agricultural parish of Kihnany, he diii his duty as a jh:r^yman, but was more devoted to intullectiial and philosophical pursuits. In 1805 he made nn unsuccessful at tempt to obtain the mathematical chair in the University of Edinburgh. In 1810-11 ho underwent a great change. ie hail hitherto belonged to the mo- r lerates. He came forth from a twelve- ( nonlhs imprisonment in a sick room, i a-Iktb he had been brought luce to fsice i with death, an Evangelical. At first | [here wits great surprise that tie liaii j i joined the Highflyers, and some sneer ing; but his genius liulpeil to give the Evangelicals a position nnd power in tin; Conn try, as well as enabled him to liolil his own ground. Huncuforth his name was ussociiitcd with a broml, in telligent, gtmerous, anil earnest ox position of Evangelical truths. 'Our Garden Wall' is u meilitntion on walls, stones, nnd ttieir structure, lichens and mn««'9. written by the Rev, Hugh Macmillan, evidently a close, aud aiiuuiin^ observer of what he describes ' Girls' Schools' by Archi bald Miicliiren, of th« Gymnusiuiu, Ox ford, in a quiet, and rather sarcastic way points out some of tho unsuitable | customs which prevail in the teaching and training of girls. The bath, the schoolroom, dress, exercise, games, all come under review ; and on all some thing is said from which parents nnd teachers may learn useful lessons. Poetry is represented by a little piece called ''Over the Hill-side'; and by a Dorsetshire poem by Wm. Barnes en titled ' At the Door.' ' The Hillyars and Burtons' and ' Son of the Soil' are still continued. Fraser opens with a paper on Dr New man's Apologia.' The writer thinks that upon, the main questions at issue between him and Mr. Kingsle.y, tbe latter was right though he expressed himself incautiously and clumsily ; and that Dr Newman was wrong, though ie managed bis course with great skill, l'lie whole article is an examination of Dr Newman's history of his own mind, and of the general defence of his opin ions with which that history concludes. It is lengthy, nnd concludes thus: — ' It is impossible to read his books without liking him. Much as we dis like some of his doctrines, there is nothing cruel, nothing bitter, nothing unmanly, in what ho, writes.^ His mind seems to dash at his opinions in a strange fantastic way, which sets at de fiance all common notions of reasoning; but its operations suggest rather a des perate honesty run away with by h strange, sophisticated ingenuity, than anything discreditable. Where he supposes that truth leads, there ho will go; but his notions of truth are posi tively bewildering. His opinions ap pear to us to he dangerous saphistry ; iwt the man iumseli u better than (us opinions, and his writings wring even I from a hostile critio a degree of regard I nnd respect, which are not the less bib. I are, because he is not likely to care I for them Perhaps the best thin? I about him is his inconsistency. H* I ought by all rules to be a persecutor- I but he says no doubt with perlect truth' I that a Spanish auto da f'u would have I been the death of him, and that ho I could never have borne even to cut off! a Puritan's ears. A second pp.ppr on I the Report of the Public Schools Com- 1 mission treats of tho teaching of ma the- 1 matics, of physical science, and of I modern languages. The more general I introduction ot thftpe subjects, though I attended with difficulties, is not alto. I gether impracticable. Their utility is I unquestionable, but whether more of I them can be taught without prejudice I to the good working of the schools is I open to discussion. In Mr Henrv I Ottley's ' Notes on Di|i!omney and Di- I plomatic History, he examines thf so- I culled 'prerogative in Matters of Peace and War npjn constitutional grounds. The question is raised by a remark re- J centlv made hv Lurrt Pdlmerstoa in j the House of Commons on the recent I D.ino- German Conference. The article I consists chiefly ot an historical retrospect! of the relations between the Crown and I the Parliament, from the time ot the I Conquest to the close of the last cen- 1 tury.. ' We fearlessly ask' says the writer ' whether amongst the authori t'es we have cited thore. is one to justify the claim of prerogative, or even of right or function in the crown to deal in matters of peace and war, without the advice and consent of Parliament f' whether on the contrary tlie whole weight of evidence and oi the opinions of competent jurists is not to the very contrary effect?.. . .'The Priest in the Parish' contains snme most excel lent counsels on Pastoral Visitution^, Secular Good Works, Almsgivings,. Management, and Residence ? ' Thai Campaigne at Home' is veryl pleasant this month, prorkc'-l iag some good extracts from note! books, and common-place books...! Miss Cobbe gives us a paper on 'TliJ Philosophy of the Poor Laws, nnd th] Report of the Committee on Pool Relief,' in which she suggests wlial the thinks would remedy one of tlia evils of the existing system of Parol cliial Relief..... 'The Poor Painter'! Epitaph' is good, each verse ciosinj with the refrain ' He lived unloved, til died unknown.''. . . .' Ne laissez pas lj sortie' is a versified narrative of nil amusing incident, which occurretl through the mistake of 'Jones,' who tliouglit lie knew French and didn't] . . . .' Black wooil,' for this month coal tains the conclusion of 'The Perpetual Curate,' nnd the continuation of 'Tonjj Butler.' ? .' Cornelius O'Doird,'-— I said 'o be Charles Lever,— discourses largely and discursively on ' The Man] versus his Work.' ? I opine,' says be] 1 that the wirk will he found aliiosi universally greater than the man.' In other words, that the individual in any great creation has, through the excite ment ot bis abuse, so worked upon liis Ai^iiltifjft tliiir. t.hfu' hnva nnnnmnliAfipfi esults fur beyond their natural exer-l :ise, :ind in this way transcended tbeH nitivitiual himself. There will be mol nents, hours, even days, when sr.miB yr«at minds, — who knows how pouj ?islierl, how stimulated, how prompted fl —will accomplish what no (.-ffdrt ofl mere will could ever have effeuted; andl nt such times as these the work will bel greater than the man. It would feem that there is something uncontroliililfl at certiiin periods in human intellect— I something i hut revolting aguinrt alll disci line and sill restraint, causes al power on the mind's operations ivhiclfl is never the accompaniment of his nor-l niiil labours; and in this wsiy it re-l sembles the strength of the man inl insanity, which without nny real occa-l bion of increased force uppears to bej doubled. Tht^e are the seasons inl which men work out those conception' M which after the bpso of years, iberl ome to look on with wonder acdl astonishment. Now if men be in-l ferior to their works. I think the ie-1 verse is the case with women. Tbeyl are invariably better than nnythinij they paint, or write, or model, or com-i pose ; and one reason is they have less! tower of concentration than men -I ess of that faculty that enables tliel individual, while directing all his ener-l gies to one effort — to invest that effort! with something totally extrxneoiis toJ and occasionally superior to tho indivij dual who effected it ' Illustrations and! examples are given in support ot these! opinions. In his discourse on ' The! Modern Crichtons,' — he lawyers -I O'Dowd refers to their versatility, 'jul Rtnnrtlv rebukus the evil arising o'.it ol this, as exhibited in their pro'iesseiB scientific acumen in the examination ol witnesses, lie also censures the disfl play of legal drollery, and tho offensive! practice ot abashing a witness, especifl ally n female witness, by something which in shocking her delicacy may seen to impugn her truthfulness. In a very good denunciation ot tlie demand for i cheap article,' and the pretentiousnesi of the hnbits of general society, and o the unreality of many things arouni us, O'Howd says with some truth, 'Not satisfied, it would seem, «'« sham silver, sham damask, sham d* monds, and sham lafittp, we are riov coming to a pnss, in which we sliai probably be content with sham hououi in our men, ond sham vltlrf* ' our w«men.'— A paper on thej Kev Chas. Kingsley and Dr. Newman gi« a clear nnd concise epitome of the con Uoversy between them,— its origin an r^-andTbuB stuns up. ' We rise f .!,« study of this controversy, frC (1 diva to tUe fact, that both pBinfally Jim . h wron Dr X perfectly t['«y ,?«'' on? ™th Mother His error, however, is tlmt K ff«t mind, who, like vaulting Men on the other side ;' whereas Mr. Kinirsley is wrong:, morally, os well as Wcally. He wakes charges winch he cannot prove, and too obstinate, or too ill-advised frankly to withdraw them, be repeats them in a manner which offends the tastes even .of his own ad mirers. We think, therefore, of the one with Borrow, not unmixed with respect, & a fatten nng-eJ, but an nngelj still; of the other, as a misguided lever man, who Laving got beyond his depth, dis eovers that he must swim, and strikes out wildly, as those are apt to do who find themselves in danger ol going to the bottom.— An article on ' The AJ phalieticale'— points out the value of Indexes, Dictionaries, and Encyclo pedias, in all their different varieties, Jrith the modes of preparation, &c; — fie ' Letter from ihe Principalities' jfcjs month is about Prince Couzn's Coup d'Etat.-' The City of Gold' is a ssod paper D» London monetary matters-deecribing Banking, Money, Trading, Swck6, Credit, ond the rela tion of Paper to Gold. Here are some extracts :— ' Strange to nay in this City of Gold, gold cannot be seen . . . Bits of pflperP with some writing on ; them, are the potent agents ot the scene. Paper, paper everywhere ; but no cold — so much wealth changing hands : money ceaselessly in transitu, — vet not a sovereign to be seen. It is but the ghost of money that occupies the city ; or rather it is money in its tnoet civilised form — convenient and inexpensive. It is the cheque system— the credit system ; and after nil money itself is nothing else than a form of credit. . ? ? The truth is, the whole operation of this monetary metropolis would come to a stand-still if the pay ments acd exchanges of property had to be carried on in gold. A single dealer sometimes lends, or pays, or receives a million sterling, or more, in » single day ; and dealings to the ex tent of several hundred thousand potmds are by no means exceptional occurrences on the part of single in dividuals. Probably not less than fifty million!) of property are changing bunds in loan or purchase — in bunks, dis count houses, on 'Change, or in Cajiel Court — every day. Fancy what it would be if men had to carry about with, them such a mass of gold. A stout porter finds it difficult to carry £500 in gold even for an hour or two. What a sight, then, it would be if the busy hive had to trot about thus burdened ! Ants in their hive, carry ing about their eggs as big ns them seires, would be a joke to it. And consider what insecurity there would be. . . . Still more the gold itself could not be got. . . . ILippily it is not wanted. Cheques, bills of ex change, and hank notes are found to be equally valuable and negotiable, they represent property quite as re liably as gold, besides being infinitely more portable, safe, and convenient. ' The writer proceeds to denounce the existing Bank Act, as prejudicial to the community at large. Cornhill. ' Margaret Denzil's His tory,' 8d., to be written by Mr. C. A. Collins, is to be concluded in the Oct. number; and a ce-v tale by Mr VVilkie Collins is to be begun in the Nov. number, ' Wives and daughters' ; con tinued. It improves both in style and incident ;' and bids fair to he a very readable story, even if there is no great depth ol plot. Molly is re-introduced attheage of 17, and enters into new society, somewhat more condemn! to her tastes, than what she met with in her childhood at the hall. 'TheLo- t«is of Ballyvookan' contains some very exciting incidents. A revenue cutter's chase after a smuggling schoo ner is well described, — making one hold ones breath till the disastrous is sue is related. ' The French at the Alma— Todleben' is the tiile of a pa lter containing lengthened estraotsfrmn General Todleben's recently published work on Crimean war. 1'hese go to chow that Mr Kinglake'e imputations against French bravery are unfounded and unwarrantable. On the other hand it was due to the better general ship—more careful handling of the troops, and not from any unwilliugness to move forward to the attack, that fewer losses occurred among1 the French troops than among tiio British. Tue honor of the French in the matter of the battle of tbe Alma is fairly sus tained by the impartial testimony of a competent observer and a generous foe. ' Partridge Shooting1' goes into the whole question of preserving and shoot ing describes « day's sport, starting at sunrise, the men, the dogs, the bay, — and concludes that partridge shooting *s better than shooting any other kind of game, because it requires more men taj «xer«ise os well as bodily. The ar ticle on ' German Professors' is a de soription of i heir relations to the state and to the university, and to society at large ; and affords some information on a subject in which some are interested. ' The Ethics of Friendship' ars dis cussed in a paper which tends to up hold the true dignity of friendship end to destroy some of the eentimentnlism and selfishness of some who profess to be firm frit-ode. 'Good Words' scarcely maintain* its high character, but is withal a very cWp periodical,, and contains varied amusement and instruction. Dr. Guthrie in a paper on 'Sunday and' French Protestanism' after giving sta tistics of acts respecting sabbath dese cration, dwells on die remarkable pro gress of Protestantism in France. He says, ' I have the best grounds for be lieving that ProtestRnism is now mak ing decided progress among' her intel lectual classes and in those parts of the country which form centres of influ ence. The Protestant Church, tho' not gaining in point of numbers, is gaining in real life and power,1 In a good paper on '' The sense and organ of bearing in different animals there is the following passage' :— ' What shall we say is the essential worth of a 'cun ning workman' f First of all we may say, in his power to produce a work that shall answer the end in view ; and secondly, in the beauty and simplicity of the means employed* Where beauty and simplicity of structure are combined with efficiency of operation, there you discern a masterhand. In mans performances these two elements are not always combined ; in the works of nature, that is, in God's workmanship, they are never separated. Again, we must take into account the size of tbe object of operated upon. A watchmaker can sup ply you with a beautiful instrument which should keep exact time, but then he will demand that it shall be of a cer tain size, it would puzzle him im mensely were you to order a good timepiece which was to be no larger than n pin's head. In Nature, however, one can almost soy that magnitude is no pustulate. The microscope reveals tbe existence of living things twenty times smaller than a pin's head, ami yet of the most complete nnd varied structure. A.K.H.B. writes ' From Saturday (o Monday' telling us what he said and heard nnd thought during tlmt interval in August at Lucerne in Switzerland : — a less meditative and more descriptive paper than he usually produces. Isaac Taylor is good again, — lie was vory good last month on Country Life and Family Health,— this month 'The Wheat Harvest and its In terpretation.' 'This plant of power,' he writes, ' unites in itself qualities which in combination uttich to no oilier vege table kind. These properties are sum marily the five following : — (I) The grain of wheat then contains the three main ingredients ot the nourishment that is required for the support of hu man, life, viz., the starch, this gluten, tbe mucillage. (2.) Tlwpl-ant of wheat is one of the hardiest -perhaps it is the hardiest of all cereals which nre pro perly designated as esculent*. (3.) Wlient culture, as dependent upon soil and climate, extends over a larger area than thnt of any other esculent. (4.) The grain of wheat far excels all otiier vegetable esculents in its preamble property. (5.) Wheat is in a very high degree new to those methods of' culture, the intention of which is to in crease the quantity the yield per acre. 