THE SPIIUT-HAI'MHO IMPOSTURE ExpoâED.-The editor of the Glasgow Herald, in a recent issue of that journal, sajs :-Borne sixteen reputable gentlemen of this city clubbed together, and resolved, if possible, ' to find tiie truth or falsehood of the " spirit*matter 1 ' out. They applied to the " Marshall mediums," in London, but the head of that enterprisiag firm de- clined to make her appearance in Glasgow on any terms, although she recommended an American sub- stitute, of the male sex, " warranted to be' more highly favoured in spiritual matters " than even the celebrated "mediums" abovenamed. In due time thia distinguished person made his appearance in Glas- gow ; he attended above a dozen " seances,", public and private, and- the result is now before us in á pamphlet written by a gentleman who also attended. " Seance " No. 1 took place in presence of twelve wit neises. But the spirit medium was evidently not in good spirits, and this important fact being, as a matter of course, well known to the supernaturals present, the spirit of GeorgeFox, the Quaker, indicated through the ' proper channel that he (the medium) " was not in a favourable physical' condition for manifestations that evening, and must not ptrfoim." The UH dunn took this advice, and did nothing. The second "seance" opened with a " slight tilting of the table," and then . ceitain names were wiitten on slips of paper and folded . up, when the medium " guessed" the nature of the writing, and was correct two times out of three. After this, one of the gentlemen was informed that the spirit of his sister was present, and, without shading' hts hand or hiding the motion of the pencil, he wrote the words, " Are you happy ? " This question was objected to, however, by some oí the company as being too common, and because the medium was sitting directly opposite, and observing the motion of the writer's hand. Another question, namely, "IsBpirit rapping untruer" was therefore substituted ¡ and in this instance the hand and pencil were carefully con- cealed While the query waa being written down: But theghost'Sisterfelt deeply indignant at thc substitution and replied-through the medium, of course-that she would not answer the second question, but the. firBt, which she did, or he did, by writing, "I am happy." Several questions were written down after this in such a mariner that the mediura'was left in the dark-regarding their contents, arid the attendant , spirits left him in the same predicament'for in not a single instance was a correct answer given. Then'Mr. .Medium proposed "some physical manifestations," ' but the spirits were evidently out of tune, and; more- over, the table was heavyweight, so1 that'nothing whatever was done. At the third-meeting a rickétty ."pembroke," .with pr.-jectiog "flaps," supported by brackets, was [Substituted .for the solid dining table of-' ' the previous " evening, arid for a''few % riinutes the' "pembroke" danced about on ' itifoiir » " pinBA' at an amazing rate- Whits this w-is going on ' the legs of the medium were under the tu vie, and hil hands letting upon it. He was narrowly watched, and when the table moved again, the knee bf the ¡ ? medium I was discovered to be in contact with one of the brackets of the *' pembroke." Then a learned ' doctor who was present sat down under the table ia order to make assurance doubly , sure, and this put art' end to {he manifestations at once. The table, in ' short, stpod stock-still, when the medium waa,.-, watched: and after a time the poor man gave in, pro-.. . testing that ** spirits required faith," and finally ha; declined ¡to proceed any further that evening. The' weary work went on from night to night till the last scene or ;" seance " of alli On this eventful evening; . . the spirit of one gentleman's father was summoned,., and in due time it signified its presence by a "tilting '",' , of the table. The gentleman sat opposite the me- dium, and allowing the latter to watch the ' movements of his hand while he apparently / wrote the words, "Are j ou happy?" though, in reality the question written was " Are you, hungry ?" the Bpirit without a moment's hesitation,' said "I;am." Then the gentleman wrote down, , "Have you seen my'mother, and is she hungry?" - and the ghost, or rather the medium, replied, " I have, and she is." Then followed the question, "Are all, then, hungry in heaven?" and the spirit of his father answered " Yes ! " Question No. 4 was then written, down in the following shape:-"Is the medium, a gross humbug ?" and -immediately the spirit rapped out an impatient " Yes 1" and, when the question was repeated!a second time "Yes" was returned still more emphatic than the first.' The question»', and answers were then deliberately read over in the pre- sence of the hocussed medium, and the poor man, we ate informed, looked unutterable things. We often hèar of the "father of a fine family," a title sometimes bestowed on persons who would wil- . lingly resign their right to it ; but I never' heard of . anyone who had his "quiver" BO; very "full of them " ai his Majesty of Siam, who, at a recent inter- view with a French official, apologised for having sb ' few of his f emily round him ; "for on this occasion,'*, says the official report, " only twenty of his Majesty's' younger children were able-to be present." Yo u; ' know that the Majesty of Siam has put himself ' entirely into the hands' of France.-Daily Telegraph, The Director of Police at Warsaw has just pub- lished a notice on the subject of the prohibition for ladies to wear mourning., He now issues a list of the. '.. st) le of dress which be considéra as constituting mourning, and, at the same time, advises any lady'' who may deem herself to be falsely accused, to wait on him wearing the articles of dress objected to. ' The Prince and Princess of Wales were présent at Harrow the other day, and attended the speech- ,. making of the boys. An ex'ract from a speech ot Lord Brougham, against the Holy Alliance, spoken,, , by Mr.'Lind!ell, in which there was allusion to the , necessity that existed for keeping intact the indesen , dence of the smaller Powers of Europe, attracted the marked attention of her Royal Highness the Princess ot Wales, and she marked her approval of the senti ment by; bowing to the speaker as he concluded. Lord Palmerston was present; OPERA DI . CAMERA.-Immediately after the close of the present season at the Gallery of Illustration, Mr. German Reed will follow up his previous success in the production of Opera di Camera, with a new work from the pen of one of our most popular compojers, which, we hear, is written in his happiest vein.-The Orchestra. Signor Rossini has just finished a composition itt memoriam of Meyerbeer. The inspiration ot' this work' ' ie said to have been derived from the mournful spec- tacle of tho funeral procession of the author of " Lea " Huguenots" defiling amidst a silent multitude, and ' beneath an avalanche of flo wers along the Boulevard; at the corner of which stands the house of Rossini. ' ' There are over'fiftced'hundred Yankee prisoners at-, AnderBonville, Georgia. The editor of the Albany. , Patriot says that upwardspf three thousand have died since their removal to Andersonville, the mortality averaging daily thirty-five, with every prospect of a,, large increase. . .,'.. , . i Between the, years 1859 and 1863, inclusive, 154 non-commissioned officers and men of her Majesty's ". land forces have been drowned at military stations iii ' the United Kingdom. Plymouth has been more fatal in this respect than any other place. 