THE HAUNTED HOUSE. Bt a Repoetee's Ghost. Some dreams we have are not exactly dreams Of what we've seen or heard, or things cognoscible — For some, this kind of explanation seems Simply impossible. It might be that my eyes on truth were centred ; Or dazed with Fancy's colouring and gilding ; But in the spirit, or the bones, I entered An ancient building. A fair-sized edifice, which one might guess, From look, to be a factory or storehouse, Resembling nothing else at all, unless A British poor- house. 'Twas noon, and yet about the place there was No sound of busy life that ear could mark No footfall — not the faintest human buzz — Or dog to bark. No cat before the portal dozed and purred, The stillness damped the pluck of which I' d vaunted ; Thinks I, this sort of thing is quite absurd— The place is Haunted ! No trace at all of human flesh and blood ; No peashells, orange peel or bits of paper ; No footmarks on the paving stones, no mud Upon the scraper. No clothes hung out to dry on lifted lines, No mops and pails about the precincts littering, No poultry — no domestic living signs — No swallows twittering. And over all there came a sense of dread, The dismal mystery my spirit daunted ; And something seemed to put it in my head, The place is Haunted ! The door was open ; so I walked inside, And, gently stepping, paced along the lobby, Till in the gloom I suddenly espied A spectral Bobby. The ghostly Bobby pointed to a stair, Gesticulating for me to ascend ; Whereat I felt my each particular hair To stand on end. My head grew dizzy just as though I'd toped Improper liquors with my last week's salary ; On painful tiptoe up the stairs I sloped Into the gallery. There stood that awful chamber, with its chattels, In which the pure-souled legislative chief Oft proudly triumphed in his country's battles— Or came to grief. My startled vision wandered round the place, My bosom stirred with palpitating knocks : No moving form was there — no changing face, Except the clock's. And o'er my thought there came a chilling fear Which knocked me out of time and sadly daunted — One solemn fact to me seemed very clear, The place was Haunted ! 'Twas haunted by the shades, (in number legion,) Of patriot reputations quite deceased, All dead within that legislative region, Some scores, at least. Methouglit 'twas haunte l by the perished fame Of many a tribune whom the people trusted ; Degenerate statesmen, who we must not name— They'd feel disgusted. Haunted by wraiths of great men's virtues, such . As one could hardly mention with security 5 Haunted, alas ! by memories of much Departed purity. And found me flitted still the shadowy fear, A terror vague by fancy flung and flaunted ; And sea-shell murmurs sounded in my ear, The House is Haunted ! Effect to cause is difficult to trace. I know not. what upset my equanimity, But somehow, suddenly, I knew my face Tinned white as dimity. And then I felt a swimming, m the head, Some water on the brain was p'rhaps the matter My tongue refused to talk — my teeth, instead, Began to chatter. I understood not what should thus so frighten A man of my metis sibicanscia recti ; Constraining me, (my anxious breast to lighten,) To loose my necktie. I fancied I was like the " nervous cure" : Who always is so very scared and daunted ; I felt so most particularly sure The place was Haunted. Spirits, like brandy, whiskey, rum, or schnapps, Are very well, because I've often tried 'em : But spirits all unseen are awful chaps, I can't abide 'em. So, thinking of a hostelry quite near, I thither fled.irom out the. haunted palace, . And there called for threepenny-worth of beer In pewter chalice. I took a pull and felt much less appalled, A statement which I trust will not be doubted, And for the beer, although 'twas / that called — Another shouted. Now. though by some who hear my tale incredulously, I may with idle dreaming tricks be taunted 5 I mean to stick to my opinion sedulously— That House is Haunted ! 