THE SCHLESWIG - HOL S.TEIN DIFFICULTY. The Duchy of Holstein may now be considered to have passed entirely out of tho hands of the Danes. Mot only have the royal troops retired beyond the Schlffswig frontier, but the officials engaged in the local administration have either been obliged to follow them or to acknowledge the Printie of Augustenburg, and conduct their business in his name. The Federal execution has led to the transfer of the Ducal throne to the new claimant. As the Danish troop3 retire the party favorable to him engage actively in the work of think it well to acquiesce in a cause which 13 evidently, supported by the whole German Federation. Prince Frederic actually remains on Holstein soil after having caused himself to bo proclaimed in defiance of the as sertion of Uie Diet that the decision rests entirely with them ; yet, though lit' thus takes the matter into his own hands, a motion requesting him to leave the Duchies ij rejected at Frankfort, and the Diet conse- ? quently accepts a complicity in his acts. At the sitting of tho Federal Diet on 2nd January, a motion, introduced by Baron Kubeck, the Austrian minister, and the President of the Diet, to the effect that t'.if hereditary Prince of Angnstenburg should be immediately summoned to leave the Duchies, was lost by 9 to 7. By this decision the Diet indirectly ac .knowledges the Dake's title to the Duchies. The Austrian and Prussian liovevnments, alarmed at this indication of tiio growth of a '? third Power' in Ger mr.uy. formed out of t!;'j pi-lly Stati-n, proposed to the Diet to allow them to invade- Schle.--.vi-.;, not as iustru uis'iits of the Diet, but as great Powers. The Diet icfu-cd, and Vienna and Berlin instantly intimated thfU they could not permit the Ditt to become aggres sivr-. thi'.t they to.'ik the matter into their o-.vu hands, and tii;it they would themselves invudu ijt-lilcswig. AUuding i Jthe luivauce r.l tha Austrian and Prussian ti-iii'js, the sjicjU! correspondent of tiiu '1'ntte.s says: — Wj'int wn : con U-.iiplated -ras inertly a lutiyjial war be tWf.vn i!;« Dnebics and Dcnm:irk, v.lii.-U should decide. iipon whom the sovereignty of Schieswig-Holstein should devolve. Whatever friends Denmark might be able to enlist in her cause, the Duchies felt sure of the support of all Germany in a quarrel which involved, as they thought, universal German interests. But now the two great Powers of Prussia and Austria, making up between them much more than two-thirds of the might of Germany, take the affair into their own hr.nds, and occupy the Duchie3 with views not altogether friendly to Denmark, bat no less at variance with those of the Frankfort Diet and of the generality of the German people. With Austria apd Prussia there is uo question either of nationality or of dispiited succession. They are not unprepared to recognise the integrity of the Danish monarchy ; nay, they are in a certain man ner rilcdscd to support it : onlv'thev think themselves entitled, and even obliged, to meddle with the internal * affairs of the- Danish Government, and demand the repeal of a constitution which the 'King, perhaps, deemed necessary to the safety and well-being of his State. A letter from Stockholm of the 19th says :— ' The feeling here against the German confederation, and especially against Prussia and Austria, has increased to such an extent that the Government caimot but act upon it. Everywhere meetings are being held,. to sign addresses requesting the Government to prevent by every means the success of the attack iu contemplation against our Scandinavian brothers of Denmark. Com mittees are being formed in the principal cities of the kingdom, for the purpose of receiving national subscrip tions intended for the formation and arming of corps of volunteers, who will march to the support of the Danish nation. Perhaps they have not sufficiently con sidered yet at Vienna and Berlin the opposition to be met with on the part of Sweden.' ' So solely,' says the Post of the 2(ith January, ' as the Germans cross the Eyder, so surely will they array agaiust them the arms of England ; so certainly will they find the soldiers of France presently moving on the Rhine, and the forces of Italy on tiie Venetian frostier. We cannot too often repeat the names of Hiui'mit and Poland. The statesmen of Austria and Prussia neat them as if they were mere Pepper's ghosts, instead of being earnest solid nations, eagor to me, mid to fight for freedom and independence. Cala mity upon calamity will surely fall upon the authors of this war if once it is brought about. We, therefore, while there is yet time, seek most anxiously to impress upon the German governments the fearful extent of the responsibility which they seem so ready to assume. The peace of Europe, upon which the prosperity and well-being of all depend, is a sacred trust chiefly com mitted to the hands of the great Powers. If by them it is violated and destroyed, those who perpetrate the crime will have to pay the penalty. Aggression and tyranny will be defeated and punished, and those who shed blood in a wanton and unjust quarrel will find that in the last reckoning they themselves will be chief sufferers.' We read in the Times: — 'We have reasoned on tiie supposition that Prussia and Austria, urged on by the German patriots, refuse to listen to the remonstrances which will be offered anew by the chief European Powers. We trust it will be found possible to unite France, Russia and Sweden with Great Britain in a pressing request that the two Powers will refrain from attacking the Danish positions at the Dannewerk. If the collision can be delayed for a time, there may be still hope of .'.voiding war. In favor of this chance, it mny be said that the thaw and the activity of tho Dani-sh general have given the defenders so many advan tages, that it is unlikely any prudent commander will attack them without a very considerable preponderance of force. This preponderance can only be obtained after the lapse of some little time. The Prussians and Au.itrians are only just making their way to the scene of action, and some time longer must be neces sary for the transport of supplies and munitions of war. With the telegraph nnd railwav. the European Governments can communicate with each other, and resolve on common action before the Prussians and Anstrians have carried their aggressions to the length of shedding blood. No means should be neglected to prevent so gr2at a calamity, It may be that the two powers are not indisposed, after all, to come to terms, and that, having maintained their dignity by refusing delay to Denmark, they may be willing to acquiesce in it when it is urged by European opinion. In that case, things may still go well; but it n evident that a single false step at this crisis may lead to very serious events.' Hamburg, 2-ltb January. — Mysterious rumors are in circulation here of serious conflicts between tho in habitants in several towns and villages in Holstein and the Prussian troops ; the latter having in some places been hooted and hissed in passing through; whilst in others the inhabitants, supported by their local authorities, flatly refused zo give them quarters for the night or food, even-on payment. 