THE NEWS OF THE DAY. Wo loam that Mr Henri J. Hart intends offering himself at tho noxt election as a candidato for tho representation of East Melbourne, upon protection principles. A requisition has boon presented to Mr Alderman Kornot, requesting lnm to stand for East Geelong ; and Messrs Girdlestono aud M'Lollan, the late inembors for Ararat, havo announced their in tention of again seeking tho suffrages of their old constituents. In another column will ho found re quisitions to Mr James Macbain and Mr Edward Lanoton : to tho former from tho electors of the Wimmera districtrand to tho lattor from thoso of the East Bourke Boroughs. Both gontloinen havo sig nified their intention of standing for tho districts for which thoy havo boon invited to como forward. Tho tliundorstorm which hurst over Molbourno ubout ono o'clock yesterday morning was severely felt in soma of tho suburbs. At Caulfiold a houso was Btruok by lightning, and considerably damaged, whilst tho inmates' appear to havo had a narrow oscapo. Mr William Robinson, of tho Molbourno Copper Works, Flinders street, who resides in tho houso in question, states that, about ono o'oloolc yesterday morning, ho was lying on tho sofa in tho front room of his house, when ho was startlod by a loud noise, similar to what would have boon occa sioned hy tho discharge of a large gun in tho houso. Ho immediately sprang to his foot, and on exami nation found that tho houso had been struok by lightning. Tho floor of tho room was covered with broken class and limo, tho front windows and window frames, facing tho south, wero com pletely shattered, and fragments of tho outside Venetian blinds wero found in a southerly direction at a distanoo of twenty-five foot from tho houso. Tho spouting of tho houso was also more or less damaged, and tho downpipo leading to tho water tank was soparated at all the joints, showing that tho eleotrio fluid had run down the pipe, and, though its strength had partially expended itself in tho tank, tho ground for a considerable distance to tho north side was ploughed up. Wo havo ono day's later papers from Hobart Town, namely, fg the 27th inst. Tho motion of Mr Sharland, for an inquiry into tho appointments made by tho present Ministry, was negatived by _a majority of six, in a very full house. A very general determination appears to havo been como to by tho squatters, both in New South Wales and Victoria, to shear tho wool in tho grease this season, as tho saving in carriago and tho increased prico obtained for washed wool, it has been found, does not compensate for tho trouble, expense and risk attending sheep washing opera tions. This change, though it will bonefit tho carriers, will he a serious mattor for thousands of men who lay themselves out specially for station work at this season of the year. Tho chango, wo are loiu , v/iu aiao ueneut w puouu uuuaury oy tho enormous increaso in our railway traffic. ' It cannot fail,' as the Pastoral Times says, ' to put thousands, of pounds sterling into tho pockets of tho 1 Victorian Government in connection with their Murray River Railway alono.' On turning to tho Victorian Railway's advertisement, however, we find tho wool rates for 1801-5, aro at so much por bale independent of weight — except when weighing over 4 cwt each, when the bale will bo ohargod at a rato and a half. But did that somnolont indivi dual, tho Secretary o! Railways, not know that wool in grease seldom (and now, of course, never) woighed the maximum amount hero given to en title the Government to charge the higher rato 1 and that, therefore, tho 'pockets of tho Victorian Government' will derive no benefit from tho change ? ' Thousands of pounds sterling ' are worth even Mr Wright's whilo to look after, we should imagine. A meeting to explain tho objects of, and enrol new members in, the Industrial Building nnd In vestment Society, was held in tho Mechanics' Institute on Monday evening last. Mr M. O'Grady, M.L.A., occupied tho chair. Tho provisional sec retary, Mr Bellin, entored fully into tho principles of tho socioty ; and sevoral questions having been put, wero nnswered by Mr R. S. Anderson, M.L.A., and Mr Bellin. At tho closo of tho meeting, a number of shares were taken up Tho following ' latest intelligence' of Morgan and his mato is given by the Yass Courier: — 'A privato letter recoived on Tuesday, from Wagga Wagga, confirms tho probability of tho statement that tho two men Been at Barratta saw pits, aud, sub sequently, within a couple ef dozen miles of Denili quin, wore Morgan and his mato. Morgan had been Been by credible iwitnesseB, without either heard, whiskers, or moustacho, but owing to tho darkness of his hair, approaching almost to black, his skin shows that at one time he was very hirsuto about tho face, and as it is not likely he will be able to shavo Overy day, the hair will soon make its appearance again as 'stubble' and lead to his recognition. The mato seems to bo a notorious charaotor, wiio, Bom-J two years or moro ago, escaped whilst on tho way under escort to tho stockade at Peutridgo. Ho had beon tried forseve- J highway robberies on ono of ho gold- fields, and received an accumulative sen n'l°nf, 'T* ?c7; H° ™ originally from Van , men s Land, and has been a soldier. It is sup posed that ho iorii two of his lingers in an encounter irilli tho polico in Victoria. Morgan, therefore ' ' appears to havo a vory auitablo mate, and it would afford us great pleasuro to hear of their capturo boforo thoy succood in getting into comparatively safer quarters, which would be tho caao wero they to pass ovor tho South Australian border.' Wo havo been requested to notify that the members of tho Metropolitan, Eastern, and St. Kilda corps of tlio Royal V. V. Artillery, nnd those mombers of tho Emerald Hill corps not ordered for other duty, aro to parade for Bhot practico on Saturday next, at half-past three o'clock p.m., nt tho Emerald Hill Central Battery, instead of at tho Princo's Bridgo Dopot. - Tho usual weekly meoting of tho council of tho Acclimatisation Society was held on Tuesday last. It was determined to place tho salmon parr in tho Yarra, or rather in ono of its tributaries named tho Badgor. Tho council camo to this decision nlmosfc unanimously after hearing a report from Mr Rams bottom, who has been cngagod during tlio last week in carefully examiuing tho Yarra, in order to ascer tain its fitness for thopurposo oi othorwiso ; and, tho report ueiug lavorablo m every way, it was thought advisable not to loso any moro time in getting tho fish safely placed in their permanent hbrne. A re port was read from tho depot nt Phillip Island, giving n vory favorable account of tho stato of things thoro, mentioning that loverets of this season had already boen seen several limes. Tho secretary re ported that thirty sislein finches and ono hundred and forty Java sparrows had been liberated during ; tho past week nt the Royal Park. Dr. Muoller meu tioned that ho hod been informed by Commodoro Sir William WisemaD that ho should bo glad to tako sooio black swans to' Auckland for Sir Georgo Groy, and it was accordingly determined to request Sir William to tako a fow of thoso birds with him. Wo learn from tho Ararat Advertiser that tho nn fortunnto woman who was found dead a short timo sinco iu tho Duko do la Victoria Hotel, Molbourno, was tho wifo of Mr P. Whito, who was at ono timo surgeon to tho Ararat Hospital. Tho maiden namo of Mrs Wliito was Annio Williams, nnd under thia titlo sho was known for a considerable timo previous to hor doath. Mr Joseph Lowis, lato clerk of potty sessions, county court,, and court of mines, at Fryorstown, who has recently been trauferred to Echuca,- waa brougut up at tlio polico court, Castlomaiuo, on Tuosday, aud remanded to Fryorstown, on a eliargo of embezzling Government moneys. Tho M. A. Mail says: — 'Tho prosocutiou was instituted by tho Minister of Justice, on tho defalcations being discovered by the books of tho courts at Fryers town. Wo understand that tho sum' embozzlod ia about £180. Mr Lowis was apprehended at Echuca, nnd will bo brought up for examination bo foro tho Fryestown- bench on Monday next.' Tho meeting of tho Melbourno and Essendon Railway Company, which was to havo boon held yesterday, lapsed in conaequonco of tho meagro at tendance of shareholders. Tho Ararat Advertiser thus rofors to tho frauds porpetratod by tho Chineso by selling adulterated gold : — ' Tho salo of spurious gold by tho Chinese, iu our immediato neighborhood, still goes on, not withstanding tho lato losses sustained by two of ouc shopkecporB from this cbubo and the diligent search which has boen mado to- lind tho culprits. On Saturday, a third storekeeper, residing at Opossum Gully, sent in a parcel of tho alloy for salo to tho London Chartered Bank, tho wholo of which proved 1 to bo spurious. Indeed, it did not appear that tha manufacturers used any gold whatever to- aid tho simulation, for a closo inspection allowed that tha fictitious gold was mado by hammering out short pioces of brass wiro, and tho metal was so evi dently counterfeit that it is surprising the vendoc was not detectod in tho first instance. Thero ? v'. cannot bo much doubt that a gang of these mana , facturers aro still employed noar Armstrongs in I carrying on their illegal trado, and it might not ; bo amiss if the attention of tho police was directed to tho matter. Storekeepers nre, doubtless, to somo extent, blameable for tho careless way in which thoy purchnse gold, but theso wholesale frauds must not be allowed to go on with impunity, without an effort boing made to protect our tradesmen. Tho want of a detective has long boen severely felt in this neighborhood, and wo do not think that tho. timo of ono could bo moro usefully spont than in ferreting out this celestial gang.' Tho sitting of tho insolvont court, yesterday, waa protracted until an unusually late hour, tho businosa boing of a rather important nature, A meoting waa held in tho eatato of Georgo Millar, at whioh tho in solvent was examined at great length in regard to tho monoy loft by him in Now South Walos, and other mattors of interest to his creditors. The state ments made by insolvent varied considerably from thoso of tho previous examination, tho explanation trivon by him being that he was then denied access to his books and papors, and consequently had to hazard conjectures rather than givo definite and re liable information. A special examination meoting was also hold in tho estate of William Henry Hop kins, in which, as will be seen from our report in another column, some rathor singular disclosures were mado. Tho remains of a largo portion of a treo wero found, some timo since, in ono of tho drivos of tha Britannia claim, Ararat, underneath a stratum of bluestone ono hundred feet in dopth. Tho Adver tiser says ' Tho wood bears somo resemblance to cedar, having in some sort its peculiar marks. Tha outer portion is slightly petrified, but tho innor sub stance is in a good state of preservation. Consider ing the fabulous number of years which must have elapsad sinco tho tree or forest of which this wood formed a part was submerged, it would appear, if indeed the wood corresponds with tho existing flora of Victoria, either that this species is probably in ita doclino, or that tho periodical changes whioh geolc« gists say occur in every country amongst the flora aro on this continent much slower than they are in thoso other parts of the world whioh havo beon sub jected more to their resoarch. Noar to the place whero tho wood was raisod, something bearing a re semblance to a fossil pelvis was also taken. Thia lattor has been submitted to tho savans hero, and while thoy all coincide as to its general rosemblanco to a fossil, and to its distant affinity to a pelvis, they aro nnable to determine tho probable spocios of fauna to which it belonged. Thero is very littlo carbonate of limo in its composition, as it is almost impervious to tho action of acids.' Tho Ballaarat Star says : — ' Tho seoond locomo tive, which is being made at tho Solio foundry for the Southland Railway, will be formally tested oq Saturday next, prior to its transmission to the sea board on tho way to Now Zealand. Newfl ojf tha safe arrival thero of tho first engine \\\ep bqon ?o ceived.' A deputation from tho borough council of Emerald Hill waited, yesterday, upon the AssistantCommis sioner of Lands and Sarvoy, to point out that a street had been laid oat on the western side of tha district in sncU a mannor as to includo tho whole of tho street within tho Emerald Hill district, whilo the allotments on tho eastern side would be in tha Sandridge municipality ; the effect of this arrange ment would be to throw the whole cost of the for mation of tho street upon tho Emerald Hill poople, who would only collect rates from one side of it. The deputation pointed out tho unfairness of this, and nrged the laying out of the street so as to pro- \ vide for the boundary lino running a'iong the centre, which would result in both municipalities having to bear equally the expense of making the street; Which, by tho bye, has beon named after Mr Coun cillor Pickles. Mr Roilgkinson informed tlio depu ... ~L ? - unVv aware that ?5™.0u that ho had not boon proviou. _ . om. tho street had boon so laid out by tho surveyor . ployed for tho purposo by tho department, but would tako caro that tho alteration suggested should bo carried ont. The fifth of tho serios of readings, in connection with tho Williamstown Mechanics' Institution, was given in tho largo hall oi tho institute, last Tuesday pvoning, in tho presenco of a numerous audience. Tho president, Mr It. R. Piper, occupied tho chair. Tho gentlemen officiated as readers were Mossrs E. Burke, Call, P.M., Groundwater, B.A., and Weekes, who acquitted themselves to tho com ploto satisfaction of their auditors. Mr Call a reading ' Tho Christening Scene,' by Dickons, | especially elicited roars o/ laughter. Tho readings wero intorspersed with som.o clioico glees, by the Railway Gleo Club, which received well merited applause. At tho conclusion of ti.'o entertainment, tho Rev. S. Annoar moved, and Mr C.rane seconded, a voto of thanks to tho various gontlen-'en, which was carried by acclamation. On the motion of the vice-president, Mr Reid, a special vote of th.anks was also accordod to Mr Weekes, for his past abJo exertions in advancing tho instituto by lecturing, and assisting in tho present course of readings. The following story of a ghost in a pair of blankets is given by Tuesday's Tarrengower Times : — 'At half-past four o'clock on Sunday morning Sergeant Grier was aroused from his peaceful slumbers by a minor of Porcupine Flat, named Thos. Phillips, who told tho following curious talo. Ho had been having a glass or two at tho Brighton Hotel, and at half past cloven o'clock had loft for homo. His tent is usually fastened by a button. On arriving homo tho tontwas unfastened, and as he passed tho threshold he saw a figure, having tho semblanco of a. human being, enveloped in a largo sheet, which started up and extended its arm. Phillips rushed back with affright, and with visions of supernatural agency flitting o'er his brain, turned to run, tho figure fol lowing him rapidly. In his fright Phillips yet had courago enough to halt and seizo an axo which lay adjacent to tho tent. Ho then adjured the apparition, commanding it to speak, and receiving no answer, hurled tho axe at it, and turned and fled. In reply to tho sergeant, Phillips said ho thought tho figuro was struck by tho axo and fell. Mr Grier fancied from thu trembling and confusion of tho man, that ho really bad committed murdor or manslaughter, und had forgod this tale when remorso or fear prompted him to give himself up. In reply to tho sergeant as to tho timo that had elapsod sinco tho act, Phillips said ho had wandered distractedly about, and had, ? It transpired aftorwards that ho had paid a nocturnal visit to J. Warnock, J. P., and to Mr Ellis, of the Kangaroo Hotol, iu his search for tho polico. Con stables Ward and Byrne and Phillips proceeded to tho tent of tho latter. Tho axo was found in a dif ferent position to that described by Phillips.; but it was also discovered that a pair of whito blankets had boon stolen from tho tent. The obvious infer ence is that an ingenious tliief was visiting tho tout of Phillips, and successfully adopted tho ghostly device to scaro his victim, the ' whito sheet' being undoubtedly ono of the purloined blankets, and tho wits of Phillips being perhaps somewhat obfus ? cated by his previous potations, tended is aid tho well thought-of deception by tho rascal, who doubtless chuckles hugely at tho terror occasioned -by his roguery.' Tho Shakspoarian musical festival takes place to-night, at St. George's Hall, and, judging from the programme, promises to be very successful. The music to ' Macbeth' is Boldom heard outsido a theatre aud, no doubt, many not in tho habit of frequenting that placo of amusement, will avail themselves of tho opportunity now afforded. In this instance it will bo performed as written — in harmony — and not in unison, as usually performed at theatres. By tho kindness of Mr Barry Sullivan, tho managers have been enabled to get together such a band as has not been heard since the depar ture of our old favorite band of tho 40th Regiment, and which will perform at least ono pioco not heard in Melbourne before. With a ruro selection of songs, to bo rendered by our most esteemed solo vocalists, and glees, to bo sung by a select chorus of fifty voices, tho concert is likely to be ono of tho best of tho kind givon for somo timo past. Tho testimonial recently presented to Captain Gray, ?of tho Great Britain, at the dejeuner at St. George's Hall, has been very successfully photographed by Messrs Batchelder and O'Neil, and has beon bound in a neat case, together with Captain Gray's portrait. It will, no doubt, be a welcome souvenir to thoso who wero present on tho occasion of the presentation and to other of Captain Gray's friends. Tho following remarkable and interesting circum stance is given by yesterday's Ballaarat Star : — ' A decidedly lively nest of frogs was discovered on Wednesday, iu tho otherwise solid basaltio rock which tho St. George United Company is blasting, at a depth of near 140 feet from tho surface. The manager has loft at our office a mass of tho rock aud two or three littlo livo frogs in a bottle, as ocular proofs of tho existenco of tho suddenly and rudely liberated prisoners of basaltic darkness. Though the rock is now freo from water at tho level in ques tion, the manager of the St. Goorgo's United Com pany presumes, from tho appearance of tho rock, that it has been heavily charged with water, and has probably been drained by tho other mining operations in the locality. Wo aro further informed that 1 the cavities, from out of which tho frogs skipped after the shot, aro filled with a kind of pulp,' and that ' tho Great Extended and Albion companies both met with theso eentrv nrovious to cutting tho heavy water in the second rock.' Wo may add that specimens have been sent to. Dr. Maoadum, that he may 1 form somo data as ten ihe origin of our beds of rook at Sebastopol Hill,1 but wo do not pretend to say how that man of science will bo aided by tho specimens in his inquiries that way.' What was called in tho advertisement a ' Testi monial Ten Meoting to tho Rev. T. BirkettVipont,' was held, last evening, in tho Scots' Grammar School, Hotham. There wero about ono hundred persons present, most of whom are members of tho church nnder Mr Vipont's pastoral care. Aftor tea, Mr Smith was invited to tako tho chair, and, having referred to tho recent circumstances which had given some degree of publicity to Mr Vipont, and the cause ho represented, called upon that gentle man to deliver the Iocturo which had boen an nounced. Tho subject of tho lecture was : ' What is Congregationalism, with special roference to the famous clorioal deputation, and tho com ments of tho press.' In answer to tho question, 'What is Congregationalism?' ho appealod to tho history of the early Congregational churches, to the principles and rules adopted by Congregational churches, and to tho addresses of eminent Congre gational ministers, — such as the Rev. Newman Hall, tho Rev. Samuel Martin, and the Rev. Enoch Mellor, at tho meetings of the Congregational Union. jo. vjuugruguuonai cnurcn, no saia, is a self-constituted and solf-governed community, claiming tho right to choose its own minister and office bearers, and to manago its own nffiairs as best it can ; claiming the right to exist without asking leave \- - of anybody ; owning no responsibility to ecclesiasti cal courts ; dispensing with patronage ; and pursuing its own course of action, independently of all other churches and authorities whatever. Such being tho essential characteristic of Congregationalism, ho claimed tho right to designate himself a Congrega tional minister. In applying to Government for the grant of a pioco of land ho had violated no principle of Congregationalism that ho knew of. Congregationalists might decline Stato-aid if thoy chose, bat there was nothing in their principle! to necessitate such ('r_ciination. It was independency in regard to ^octrino and government which consti tuted essential principle of Congregationalism, Mid to attempt to ignore independency in theso -'a as beon done by tho deputation, was respec..., . - The lecturer then pro fatal to Congregi'loPftII0u- „ . . ceeeded to vindicate himself fro'u tbo cliar6° whl°h had beon brought against him of havlug lre^.non ^ changed his religions view-i. Ho denied that ho had changed so often as had boen represented. When ho camo to tho colony, clevon years ago, ho was an Episcopalian as to church government, and, though ho had officiated atBallaarat for a short period in connection with tho Methodist body, yet it was simply out of gratitude to a Methodist minister, who had done him a great service, and who had asked him to give help at a timo when help was greatly neodod. In regard to his more recent connection with tho Evangelical Union Church, it was only re quisite to state that ho might at tho samo timo bo an Evangelical Unionist as to doctrine and a Congrega gationalist as to government, to show that thero had been no ' ratting' on his part in that matter. Tho fact was that tho Evangolical church over which ho presided somo time ago was a Congregational church, and ho quoted a passage from a newspaper which was edited by tho Rev- Mr Mirams to show th^t it was quite well understood to bo so. In regard to his connection with tho Church of EnglanJi ho was precluded from ontering into ? ni lio llnrl tnlrnn (l.n counsel, and logal proceedings wero about to be instituted against a certain paper for tlio articles which had appeared in its columns, libelling his character. At the close of tho lecture tho chairman stated that, as tho subscriptions to tho testi monial wero not yet completed, tho presentation would bo deferred to a future occasion. Tho usual bi-monthly meeting of tho Tyson's Roef Quartz Mining Company was hold, yesterday, at the offices, G4 Elizabeth streot. Mr John Evcrard, chairman of tho company, presided ; and, after tlio usual preliminary business, Mr E. Chaplin, secretary, read tho report of tho committeo of management, which informed tho shareholders that, in accordance with tho resolution passed on tho 28th of June, tho final call of 6d per sharo had been mado, of which £60 0s 6d remained unpaid. Tho report went on to state that during tho past two mouths operations at tho mine had been prosecuted as vigorously as tlio means at the disposal of the committeo would allow, and with sufficiently encouraging results to warrant thom in anticipating that in a short timo sufficient stono would bo raised to leave a profit ovon at the vory low average of tho last crushings — 2 dwt 2 gr per ton. Aftor tho mining manager's report had been recoived, the report of Messrs W. P. A. Rucker and H. J. Clarko, who had been appointed to examine tho accounts, was submitted. Their investigations showed that, with tho exception of a payment comprised in the debt sheet of 21st May. to tho amount of £57 Cs Id, every disbursement mado had been duly con sidered by tho directors and inscribed in tho books. ! A cheque for £25, dated tho 23rd of April, which had been intended to pay directors' foes, but which had not been issued, it was recommended should bo cancollod. Tho report also stated that no accounts wero kept of moneys received for transfer foos, and it was suggested that, as the moneys so received would amount to a considerable sum, it would bo desirable for tho directors to inquire into this matter. It was further recommended that a sum of £312 15s, which stood to tho debit of tho profit and loss account, should be written off tho plant account. It appeared, from tho statement of accounts submitted, from tho 21st June to tho 29th August, that tho receipts had amounted to £638 6s 2d, and the 6xpondituro to £444 9s 3d, leaving a balanco of £193 16s lid. Tho various reports, and tho recommendations contained therein, were adopted, on the motion of Mr Watson, seconded by Mr Harvoy. The auditors wero re-elected, on the motion of Mr Hartley, and a sum of £10 lCs voted to thom for their services. A resolution, authorising tho forfeiture of shares upon which calls remained un paid, was also adopted ; and, on tho motion of Mr Conquest, seconded by Mr Rucker, Messrs Watson, Hartley, Milton, Everard, and Harloy wore elected as managing committee for the ensuing two months. At a mooting of the electors of Collingwood, held last evening, at the Yorkshire Hotol, Mr Prytherich presiding, a requisition was presented to Dr. Embling, soliciting that gentleman's consent to be put in nomination for tho district at the onsuing election. The chairman introduced the object of tho meeting by reviewing tho courso of events during tho last Parliament, his particular purpose boing to show how the Heales Ministry, in whose support three mombers wero returned at tho last general election by Collingwood, had failed in tho fulfilment of their pledges to tho protectionists. Ho considered tho Collingwood constituency as eminently a protectionist ono, and ho was not satisfied with tho conduct of Mr Graham nerry in icnuing nimson to tne vacillating policy of the Heales Ministry, who had deservedly lost confidence, because they had not kept faith with their supporters on this subject. He (the chair man) deemed tho quostion of protection tho vital and essential question for this country. Having finished his remarks, he presented to Dr. Embling the requisition numerously signed. Dr. Embling acknowledged tho honor dono him, which he valued, especially as it camo from tho most important and influential constituency in tho country. Ho referred to his past adherence to tho principle of protection, when ho and Mr Heales were tho only two members who advocated tho introduction of a policy which would foster native industry, and re lievo tho many who were now taxed for the benefit of a few. He then proceodod to dcclaro himself a confirmed protectionist, and ho o noted tho of Great Britain, who, from tho timo of Edward III., during tho last six hundred years, had steadily and persistently adhered to ono object, namoly, the pro tection of tho industries of her own people. But at the same time ho cautioned thom against going mad upon protection. He procoeded then to insist upon the vital and all-important question of Upper Houso reform, which, in his opinion, was far moro momen tous than protection, transportation, or any other question. He considered tho Legislative Council an anomaly altogether, and a very different thing to tho House of Lords in England, upon which every Constitutional Government had a most effectual check in the power of making now peers. On this 'monstrous anomaly' he dwelt some timo, and ho maintained that tho grand object of tho country should bo the reconstruction of the Houbo. He had an ' idea,' which ho had sug gested to somo of the candidates for the As sembly, namely, that the Assembly should actually and peremptorily refuse to voto supplies to pay. the salaries of Upper Houso officers. This would bring some of them — Sir James Palmor, at any rato ? to reason ; and ho was in favor of this courso being adopted. As the only alternative, thore was an nrmonl tn t.lm Ono/wi ntltn l,» .* .i ? .i i. ? | 'rrw- )i«u juiigub wo liiuuccu 10 in terfere. In the course of his romarks ho referred to his own experience in contesting an election with Mr J. W. Clarke. He then found that those whose support he. had reckoned upon had been pledged to his opponent six months previously. In con clusion, ho stated his viows on the question of anti transportation, and ho thought the colony in this matter might prevail with Lord Groy. He was prepared at all risks to oppose tho further introduc tion of convicts, and ho hinted that Australia was too noar India to make it safe for tho English Go vernment to do violenco to the wishos of the colo nies. He then gave his views on tho Stato-aid quostion, tho public expenditure, &c.;, and finally intimated his intention to comply with the requi sition. The meeting ended after a vote of confi dence in the candidate before them. Bulwer's comedy Cl 'Money,' and tho farce of ' The Irish Tigor,' wero tfain wlth sncceS8 at tho Theatre Royal last night. programme is tho same for this evening. ' Kathleen Mavourneon,' a sensation drStil&i; boaring in many rcspects a very closo rescmblanco to ' Tho Colleen Bawn,' with a considerable spice of the comic element, and which has not been pj' 'jd in Melbourno for several years, was pre sented at tho Haymarket Theatre last night, f A., f)' Connor, tho dauehter of an Irish farmer, as the story goes', is Gloved by Terence 0' More, a young Irishman d ^ own sttttT' tho wedding has all but bC™ wran8?d' fen tho Colleen receives an offer of ™-m Bernard Kavanagh, her father's landloi. ' } ' dazzled with the prospect of becoming a fino lau, she consents to bo his wife. Slighted by her hus band, and forsaken by her early friends, her now stato of existenco is not of tho happiest description ; and in a short timo Kavanagh, becoming wearied of her, and finding it necessary to contract a moro advantageous alliance, in a monetary poiut of view, tells her tho marriage was a mock ono, and proposes terms of separation. By an accident, however, the marriage was celebrated in a perfectly legal way. As the only resource for tho foiled husband, ruffians are engaged to tako tho life of Kathleen. She is conveyed at dead of night to a remote glen, where arrangements havo been mado for her reception, and sho is only pro served from tho doom appointod for hor by the opportuno appearance of Terence, who has boen engaged near the spot in tho manufacture of illicit whiskey, and who, swinging across tho chasm, by the inevitable rope, despatches tho three assas sins, sending ono down tho abyss ; and shortly after wards Kavanagh, who has como to soo that tho work is done, is consigned to tho same abode. Kathleen recognising in her deliverer her half broken-hearted lover, thero is an interesting scene. Terence noxt appears in tho condemned cell of a prison, for ho has beon convicted of tho murder of Kavanagh, and thero is a prolonged and painful in terview with Kathleen, which is ended by his being led away to oxecution. In tho latter part of tho fourth act, it is discovered that all tho horrors of the piece havo been but tho incidents of a St. Patrick's Eve dream, and that tho events aro all imaginary, with tho exception of the rich gentle man's offer of marriage. Taking warning by her vision of the dangers of entering a sphere sho was not born to move in, Kathleen bostows her hand upon hor rightful lover, on St. Patrick's morning, and so the story ends. The drama contains a strango mixture of sensation and comic sconos ; „„.i ;r „t o nf u UWL U* U. .U.J U.gl m morit, the company at least contrived to make somo portions of it vory ontortaining. Lady Don, who impersonated Kathleen in all tho ups and downs of the fantasy, was tho life of tho piece : and sho sunc; Lavonu's pretty song ' Molly Asthore,' and 'Cushla Macliree,' with hor customary effect. Sho was woll played up to by Mr T. S. Bel lair, tho representative of young Terence, who sung 'Will you bo my bride, Kathleen.' very nicely. Mr Hoskins's comic powers in tho part of Billy Buttons, a reformed larconist, kept tho audience in roars of laughtor. Miss Clolia Howson was also very successful as Kilty O'Laverty, a character in which sho showed a good deal of genuine comic humor. Sho was much applauded in hor de livery of tho song incidental to the part, ' Oh mother, he's going away.' Mr Edwards ful filled all the requirements of Bernard Kavanagh, and tho remaining characters wero also efficiently represented. The musical interlude again introduced Signor Castelli, who sung with greater effect than on the preceding evening. He is evidently at home in Donizettian music, and on this occasion the encore was something moro than a mere compliment, for tho audience were not satisfied with a bow of acknowledgment. The theatre was woll attended, and tho performances will ba repeated this evening. 