CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editor of the Perth.Gazette & W. A. Times. SIR,—As there is neither public expression of opinion, nor any chance of obtaining it under existing circumstances, Mr. Samson's idea of a Public Meeting deserves great consideration ; I believe that if it were called, and the matter were freely and openly canvassed, the Convict question would be very quickly settled, in spite of the endeavours of the few who are specially interested in retaining it, and in spite of elo- quent speeches made at Agricultural Dinners by the mouthpieces of the Government, and of a certain thing called "Self." Advisable, nay, almost necessary as it is that we should adopt another mode of Government, can there be found men of sufficient capacity to form it and to carry it on with credit. Political economy and state craft are not learned in a day. We have been so long dependant upon England that we have forgotten how to act and to think for ourselves, and, were the mother country to drop us suddenly, we should be placed in some- what the same predicament as our British fore- fathers were, when the Romans left them. We should cry out that the Barbarians, in the mo- dern guises of empty purses and ignorance were driving us to the sea, and that the sea was dri- ving us back. To undertake the Government of a free and united population is an easy mat- ter, but, to undertake that of a divided one, consisting of Free and Bond, must call forth abilities and earnestness which I fear we do not possess. So much care will have to be taken to prevent dissatisfaction and jealousy .on the one side, and to keep hope alive on the other without granting favors. Again, could we attain the necessary funds to carry on a Government and to prosecute public works ? We certainly have them not in the Co- lony, neither could we procure them. Could we borrow? certainly if John Bull would become security ; but, as certainly not without. Our credit is not very good now, and if our great revenue spring be dried up, it would fall still lower. I cannot find where the security of our revenue exists, or where the strength of our na- tural resources. Natural resources are nearly worthless unless they can be called into action ; they now lie idle and are resting from want of capital and from want of external communica- tion, and these two wants are not very likely to be supplied at a very rapid rate. If we con- tract a debt, can we repay it ? Can we attract free labor and retain it ? Very few people will venture to a country which holds forth such slender temptations as Western Australia, trou- bled and dirty as its waters are ; when the American contest is decided, emigration will flow to the States, North and South, and our chances of obtaining more than now and then a stray wanderer, are but slight indeed. But, Sir, what can be done, should be done, and that directly. The people have a right to be heard, let them insist that the whole avail- able Convict Labor be sent up the country on road parties, let them be guarded at the outsta- tion by a sufficient number of single pen- sioners, and pay these pensioners at such a rate as to enable them to live and to put by some- thing without trenching upon the labor market. Those pensioners who are married should be stationed at Perth, Fremantle, York and other towns, to guard the prisoners necessarity kept there ; they should have bestowed upon them a certain quantity oí good land. Many excellent results would accrue from this line of action. First, the convicts would be spread over the country in small well guarded parties and the settlers would be protected. Second there would be less fear of any general union or out- break amongst the convicts. Third, the pen- sioners would be provided for, kept in the country, and there would always be a number of bayonets in case of necessity. Fourth, " the pensioner would be moved entirely from the labor market. Fifth, the Free Mechanic would be relieved from the rivalry of convict labor. Sixth, Internal communication would be im- proved, nay almost secured, and the Agricultu- ral interest served to such a degree that an uni- versal benefit would be felt through the Colony. All fancy public works should be discontinued, and not taken up again until the Colony can afford to pay free labor to finish them ; we must make the bones, the thews and sinews be- fore we commence the fleshy and ornamental parts. This can be done ; for the rest ; like Le Burgeois Gentilhomme "nous savons lire et écrire." The destinies of the Colony are in a great measure in the hands of the Agriculturist. Timber, wool, cattle, cotton, tobacco, and fruit, are either produced spontaneously or can be produced in any number and quantity ; these articles the rest of the world require, and will purchase at the most reasonable market. One of our present failings is that we require too large a profit ; money turned over many times at a moderate per centage is better for the owners, for the country, and for general pro- sperity, than when it is less rapidly circulated at a large per centage ; time and competition will teach this. In order that the Agriculturist may compete with the rest of the world, he must have a ready and a cheap carriage for his produce. Never was any country more dependant upon this than Western Australia. The population is spread over a vast space, unfortunately so ; and on account of the feeding and corn growing spots being dotted about, like oases in the desert, it is compulsorily so ; thus the only way to meet these natural disadvantages, re- course must he add to the artificial ones. It is therefore short sighted, nay cruel, not to take advantage of the means which we now possess of making roads, bridges and canals; this op- portunity will never occur a ain, let it slip and farewell to the future prosperity of Western Australia. The Colony has had a great deal to contend against, and it rose too suddenly from poverty to comparative wealth by the influx of Convict money ; this money after a very short interval fell into the hands or under the control of two parties ; the Government Party who had the issuing of the money and the Storekeeper party into whose hands it chiefly fell, and while the former have alwa3's been enabled to retain a certain amount of influence, the latter has ac- quired a power which has militated sadly against the onward progress of the Colony ; the issuing of private cheques; the giving of orders in lieu of cash, and the " truck " system, car- ried on to a fatal extent, have done more real injury than can be calculated, or than can be cured for many years to come. By degrees, the Agriculturist, the Breeder, and what is gene- rally called the Cockatoo Farmer have 90 per cent, of them, fallen under the power of the Storekeeper ; consequently they have no politi- cal power, and have no voice save that which they are permitted to raise ; and until the Far- mer send his produce through the medium of his own paid agent, instead of to a merchant in exchange for goods or as part payment, to the markets of the world, so long will he and the country remain in a state of depression, and so long will the cry be for Transportation, because, the payers and the receivers of the money are the only parties who demand it. This brings the matter into a small compass—the Colony is governed by a few officials, and a few merchants, and it is precisely this what Mr. Samson wishes the English Government to know, and what it must inevitably know before long. The Pensioner question is becoming almost as complicated as that of the Convict. The Pensioner expects and asks too much, he must remember he is not entitled to one bit more of consideration and favor than the rest of Her Majesty's subjects, some people hold that they have much less : he enters the army, sometimes, as others enter upon a business ; the bankrupt or the unsuccessful soldier has no more right to expect aid or sympathy than the Bankrupt or unsuccessful trader ; he is paid so much per diem, to do nothing, or to fight, as the case may be, and when he can fight no longer, he is allowed a stipend by his old employers; how many masters do this for their worn-out ser- vants, by whose brains or arms they have made a fortune ? The Pensioner has a right to com- plain when he has been misled by those who are in authority over him, and in self defence he is frequently compelled to do what is com- pletely foreign to his old avocations and tastes, but, he has no right to complain if he be looked upon with jealousy by the artisan or the la- borer when he enters the field against him—ci- vilians naturally conceive that soldiers have no more right to wield the hammer, lift the axe, or ply the needle than they themselves would have, in times of depression, to don the uniform, shoulder musket and mount guard, and I can- not help fancying in such case that the soldier would have less patience and less forbearance than the civilian has. The " Free Mechanic" maintains that Con- vict Labor is ruining him; does he forget that the Pensioner does him an equal amount of harm, if not more, because, having something to fall back upon, he can afford to work at ft low rate of wages ; and by his doing so, he in- jures the Mechanic in two ways, first by step- ping into his place, and secondly by lowering the price of wages ; this is especially the case in Perth and Fremantle where great numbers of Pensioners work as Shoemakers, Tailors, and as what is generally termed, " odd men." The Pensioner is, in fact, sent out here by the English Government for a specific purpose, and he has no right to be used for any other, nor to be compelled to seek it ; he has promises made to him in England which the Government here laugh at ; he is not employed in a legitimate way, neither has he land bestowed upon him and he becomes very naturally disgusted and he takes the earliest opportunity of quitting a country in which there is no present employ- ment and no future hope. Nor is this the worst, he too frequently takes to the pot and the glass, he becomes a drunkard and a pauper ; he finds an early grave, and his family is thrown upon the country. Walk through Perth or Fremantle on Pension day, and the sad story is found to be too true ; wait till eve- ning comes and hear the shrieks and cries of women being beaten like hounds, and the drunken curses of men who are fighting despe- rately with their equally drunken wives, and no further proof is necessary to assure us how mi- serably the Pensioner system is being worked iu Western Australia. The blame lies either with the Governor or the Commandant ; the soldiers are good and true ones ; their scars, their medals, their pensions, their very presence here prove it ; then if we ask for them we have a right to find them legitimate employment if we cannot we should send them home again. The letters of " George Dunbar," " Pro Bono Publico," and the " Sentinel," are mere effusions of words exceedingly badly put tpgether, and are calculated to do more injury than good es- pecially that of the former, who has succeeded perfectly in preventing his readers from know- ing what he means to express. After one or two insults, which, considering the course from whence they come, are not worth noticing, he goes on to inform us that " as a class generally the Pensioners are willing to become members of society, to enter the labor market were it open to them." Are not, and we ask with all deference, soldiers already members of society ? If not, what are they ? Are they " Pariahs " or do they come under the head of non-descripts, nin-compoops, or do they occupy the same anomalous position, as does that head which has a bill like a duck—a kind of betwixt and between ? The Labor Market is unfortunately open to them, and they throng there in pretty considerable numbers, although they are not wanted there, and if they are not filling the place of " better men," they are fill- ing the places of " other " men, and are rightly regarded as interlopers. For the real benefit of the Colony, I would much rather see one good English Laborer with his spade and pick-one good artisan-one good mechanic land on these shores than I would a regiment of Pensioners because right men should be in their right places ; if we want soldiers let them be used as soldiers, if we don't want them, it is not fair to the mechanic and laborer to allow them to oust them out. The ''mixed lot of John, Sandy, and Pat" referred to by " George Dunbar " agree " excel- lently well together," and from what " Sandy " says, we may expect a most formidable union, for tney are going " to tak' their aun parts against all comers " — what are their 'aun parts ?" not mechanical or manual labor cer- tainty ; and I do not suppose any person here wants either their uniform or their muskets. Still, with all this fraternal affection, there are " a few amongst us who do not stand true to their order," what is that order ? There must be something very horrible hidden under such, words as " haukering swither," and " skelp " &c;,—are they magical terms? Have they anything in common with " Abracadabara " that solemn and mysterious word—or are they merely other names for porter and rum ? George Dunbar should attach a glossary to the tail of his letter. Then again our Pensioner wishes us to understand that he is a very ter- rible fellow, for he says he is a " stranger to ter- ror." Captain Bobadil would have hugged him to his heart, had he known him ; and mine " ancient Pistol " and " Parolles " would have welcomed him—what a glorious three! "A stranger to terror "—Did you, George Dunbar ever meet the ghost of Giles Scroggins or of a shoulder of mutton ? or run up against a Bengal tiger, or a boa constrictor when they were hunting up a dinner ? did you ever stand up before a broomstick when it was flourished by an angry virago ? As for your mere animal courage which enables a man to stand up and fight, it is not worth a fig ; the bull-dog and the cock sparrow are our equals in this respect, most men, as Carlyle says " if once dressed in red, and trained a little, will receive fire cheer- fully for the sum of one shilling " per diem," and have their souls blown out of them, with perfect propriety "—I show Mr. Dunbar there is greater courage in living manfully than in dying valiantly, the former is in the soul and enables man to play his part as a God-made creature, the other is a mere matter of neces- sity, and every man " stranger to terror" or not, must or ought to do it. Again, Mr. Dunbar shows his fighting pro- pensities by saying "he is ready to fight should his country need him, against the Yan- kee spirits of bounce and selfishness "—What next, Mr. Merryman ? Do you really and con- scientiously suppose that your country will ever require you to fight against " spirits," Mr. Dunbar ? There you are again poaching on the manors of others ; you actually wish to take the place of the parson! How! would you bayonet a " spirit," or bring him down on the wing ? Glendower talked of calling up spirits from the vasty deep, but, charging a spirit a la militaire I must confess is a novelty ; and Yan- kee spirits too, called Messrs. Bounce and Sel- fishness ; you should have lived before Milton, that he might have included these two gentle- men in his Satanic array. Then, at last, you charge Mr. Mechanic with " opening a Ball." Do you mean a cannon or a rifle ball or a cricket ball? the former cer- tainly, because you say " his attack has missed its aim ;" " attack " for the voice you make a thing of sense and action ; because the mere word " attack," as far as I know, does not tak' aim ;—perhaps, though, it is another of your spirits. I am bound to add that if you mean to insinuate "Mr. Mechanic" has opened a Ball, held at the barracks, when he led out Miss Blouzalinda, then, in such case, Mr. Dun- bar I humbly ask your pardon, although I am still in the dark ; and I can' only 'say with Charles Scarface"'- It is all very true what you're going to observe Brother Joseph ? Stick to your drill, to your pipe clay and your bayonet, honest George ; do not take to the grey goose quill, it is not your vocation; your position and that of "John, Sandy, and Pat." has, and will have the full sympathy and aid of all rightly thinking men ; you are a set of gallant soldiers, but, nothing more, and your parts will be warmly .taken and your claims ably advocated, but, when you and one or two more " rush into print " you harm yourselves and your cause, and surety perplex those who would assist you . To you, Mr. Editor my apologies are due for taking up so much of your valuable space, and with every sincere wish for the ultimate success of the Colony, and of the true hearted men and women in it I beg to subscribe myself, Your obedient servant, AN OLD SETTLER. 