THE THEATRE ROYAL. Last evening " Hamlet" was placed on the stage before a more numerous audience than has yet patronized Mr Dillon's company. There was s crowded pit, and a very respectable attendance in the dress circle. The iraprot ed state of the weather was favorable to tbe occasion. The public expectation of a great performance was not disappointed, aud Mr Dillon fully sustained the reputation of being the best exponent of' Hamlet* that has appeared here for some years. Wc regret that want of space prevents our doingcritica! justice to the merits of Mr Dillon by a lengthened notice: suffice it to say that the performance was very successful. Mr Dillon was called before the curt∈ two or three times; and at the conclusion of the play MrF. C. Applelon, who was cast for Laertes, also received that honor. Mrs Dillon's Ophelia was very much applauded. Mrs Harward as the Queen, Mr Milne as Polonius, Mr Fredericks as the Ghost, and the other members of the company, are entitled to approving notice. The " Wandering Mioistrel" w»6 theafterpiece. This evening, the " Artist of Florence" will be performed, with "Don Cicsar de Bazsn" for the afterpiece. ACCIDENT.—Tbe Cobre brought up a little boy between two and three years old, named Morris Russell, who had been seriously burnt at Glazier's Bay. The infant suflerer was conveyed to the hos' pital; but from^the serious nature of the injuries sustained, but little hope is entertained of his recovery. RITLE ASSOCIATION.—A match at 400, 500, and 600 yards, is fixed for Saturday, at the Cornelian Bay range, firing to commence at onc o'clock. The contest will be between Europeans ( and Natives. The former will be represented by Messrs Kirman, Lovett, Hammond, Solly, Harris, Warner, McGrath, Roblin and Hudson ; the latter by Messrs D. Lewis, Willis, Greig, J. C. Pratt, Evans,SIcPherson.Slieehy, Chapman, Mezger and Pearce. As in the match four small-bore rifles will be used on cither side, some superior shooting will doubtless be made. THE KNOUT.—"The knout," he said, " had a short massive handle, and a heavy leather lash, about eight feet long. It resembled those tremendous whips with which the Cossacks of the Ukraine, when they have brought a wolf to bay, can kill him at a single blow. The lash was formed of leather, so as to give two sharp edges along its whole length, and sometimes bound with wire thread; the cud terminated in a little iron hook. It had no handle, but one end was supple, so that the executioner could wind it round his wrist. At every blow, the sharp edges of tbe stifTcurred lash fell on the criminal's back, nnd cut him as with eight yards of a pliant double-edged sword. The executioner, subtle in his cruelty, had learnt not to roughly withdraw the lash, but to draw it towards him, so as to remove long flaky bands of flesh, the book being devised with devilish ingenuity for this detestable purpose. The lash was also purposely long, so that it lapped round the body, and cut deep into the chest, at the same time that it destroyed the whole of the back. Indeed, to tell you the frank truth, my dear sir, it was well known that the executioner could, if lie chose, kill any man, at one blow of the knout, by lapping him round the lu igs and lieart; but as the 'Bouricau' was generally bribed, he seldom put forth his whole force. When the knout was honestly used, the criminal, if lie survived the first blow, usually fainted at the third, and died about the fifth. A ukase of Peter the Great, fixed the maximum of blows at 101 (we Russians have a superstitious respect for odd numbers); but whether the knout became heavier, or we become more effeminate, !the 101 blows—which, of course, implied death—were never given in the Emperor Nicholas's time."—' Ail the Year Round.' TnE PARIS CALCBAFT.—" Since the day," says the ' Figaro-Programme,' " when the last of the Sansous WAS able, as be so philosophically expresses it, to give himself the satisfaction of really washing his hands and writing his memoirs, the executioner in Paris has been M. Hondercich, who resides in a handsome house on the Boulevard Beaumarchais. The person who lives on the same floor with him is the actor L&lerriere;, who salutes his neighbor on the stairs, thinking him a private citizen. M. Hendereich has living with him a youth of 15, whom he is having educated atone of the colleges. The lad callB M. Hendereich his uncle, and is not aware that the latter is an executioner. The youth is also ignorant that he himself is the son of a condemned prisoner, and that he was taken care of from charity by the roan who had been chained to execute Jtb father." Very land of the 'Figaro'thus to enlighten -Chew unsuspecting persons. A Parliamentary return states that ill April, 1861,109,760 fion-comissioned officers nnd men in her Majesty'H land were Episcopalians, and fi8,508 Boman Catholica. The somber of Episcopalians, is jpther decreasing. • Boman Catholics iif the Artillery increase; in 1861 there were but 3344, but by ApijJ, 180i» they had increased to 8161. Bat etill out oi the 58,508 Bomaa Catholics in the tmny 46,348 were in the infantry; of the 135,848 Protestanta, only 82,518. In the Eoyal Marines there were in the first -quarter of .1861, 12,398 Episcopalians, 416 Presbyterians, 3379 other Protestants, and 1448 Bomaa Catholics. 