I TUESDAY, JANUARY W, 1864. If the national appetite may be allowed to suggest the contents of the bill of fare that Mr. M'CULLOCH will propound to- day, there need be small occasion for excitement or curiosity. The cravings of tho country are so familiar to us all, that the regimen needed to satisfy them doe3 not admit of a doubt or a conjecture. Our yearnings have been so loudly reiterated, that there can bo but one scale of diet which shall supply the necessary nutri ment to our exhausted constitution. The dishes aro known before the covers aro taken off. If, in sober earnest, the legislation of the session is to co- ordinate the wants of the community, oven in the absence of positive information it would bo within the reach of the most inat- tentive to anticipate the items of the Ministerial programme. And first and foremost, it needs no prophet to predict that the land question will be the pièce de resistance. It baa come to be the standard dish in the Parliamentary ordinary, and it takes its place at the head of the board as naturally as roast beef or plum pudding doe3 at a more genial table. Everybody ex- pects to find it in the bill of fare ; and thsugh venturesome gourmands aro pretty sure to have a nibble at it, no- body finds it particularly easy of diges- tion. The subject itself is normally a tough one, and the art of the cuisinier has been confessedly inferior to the difficulty. Have the resources of Mr. HEALES been equal to the occasion 1 It is certain that the prominence given to a land bill in the business of each successive session is due to no adven- titious circumstances. A programme can no more be complete without it than the play can bo without HAMLET. A Ministerial scheme across the water may survive the omission of a reference to a reform bill, for the English Con- stitution has other sources of ali- ment besides an extended franchise, But to us the land question is the breath of our nostrils and the marrow of our bones. The cornmunitj is more concerned in its sottlemenl than it is in any other question o domestic legislation. The budget itself naturally an object of interest to a mer cantile people, commands less promi nence in the consideration of thi politician ; and for this reason,-tin Land Bill . stands ' to the budge in the way of final cause. The Trea surer is at the mercy of the Com missioner of Lands. Mr. VERDON mus bo guided in his movements by the con duct of Mr. HEALES. Mr. HEALES, in deed, holds in his hands the mainsprin which is to guido the motions, not onl of the Cabinet, but of the country. A the wires which control the machin converge into his hands, and accordin to bis manipulation it will t brought to the test ome more whethi we aro to go backwards or forward creep along the ground, or march 01 wards in all the vigour of full-develope manhood. The country, though singi larly undemonstrative just now, ia ni insensible to tho fact that tho Land Bill comprehends all the elements of its welfare and consolidation. It is not a class question-a subject of vital import to this or that section, agriculturist or squatter-a matter of finance, of terri- torial revenue. "While providing for these considerations, consequentially it involves the problem of population, its introduction, distribution, and fructifica- tion- the problem, in fact, of our existence as a progressive society. In deciding how many acres are to be given to sheep, and how many to grain, what is to be the price of the squatter's tenure, and what the premium to the agricultural settler, it decides our present career and our future destiny, whether we are to double our population according to the scientific ratio once every twenty- five years, or whether we are to show a declining census and a diminished birth-rate. Such is the interest at stake in the solution of the land problem. And the Minister who can cry Euieka will deserve the re- putation of (EDIPTJS. It would bo pre- mature to placo Mr. HEALES in that classic position ; but if legislation is an experimental science, we have a right to indulge in the consoling re- flection, that repeated failures must ultimately end in success. Mr. HEALES is so much more likely to succeed that he has had the benefit of con- templating so much experimentation and so many failures. The errors and mistakes of his predecessors have been discussed, and the page wherein they are íecorded has been "written for his en sample. If out of the ruins of so many systems he cannot construct an effective scheme of his own, he can at least take warning from the fate of the archi- tects. They should teach him what to avoid, if they do not give him positive information. This much we promise him : he will find the country prepared to give a tolerant and forbearing reception to any scheme which promises to administer to its necessities. It has no superfluous strength to waste in the arena of faction, and it is much too de- bilitated to enjoy the rude sports of political conflict for their own sake. The moment is auspicious for the calm con- templation of the crisis. "Whether it is, as Constable GEUMMEE has it, " Pop'lar " feeling is subsided, consekens of the "boys having dispersed to cricket," there is an absence of agitation un- usually favourable to the scientific legislator. To dwell no longer on the Land Bill, however, the real experi mentum crucis of colonial politics, we may look for the introduction of measures of subordinate importance to it alone. Mr. SULLIVAN will be ex- pected to do for the gold-fields what Mr. HEALES will attempt for the territory generally. Not before it is wanted, we may expect to have a formal recognition given to the wants of the mining interests. A measure that shall legis- late successfully for the moral and physical needs of the gold- fields, that shall comprehend a code of regulations, and a scheme of water supply, will soon show economic results in the increase of the national profits. Of parallel signi- ficance with the Gold-fields Bill will be a bill to alter the law as it affects the sale of fermented liquors, and to give that encouragement to the manufacture of colonial wine, which the voice of the country has but now insisted upon. One crying grievance, not- affecting in- dustry directly, but having a mischie- vous influence on social life, must not be overlooked. Any attentive reader of our columns must have been struck with the numberless complaints about the non-delivery and detention of letters. It is clear that an immediate remedy must be provided that will at once penetrate to the root of the eviL Departmental organisation is not to blame, and no- thing but a fundamental revolution in tho postal system wiE abate the nuisance. "Whether it is contemplated to make that revolution involve a change in the letter tariff, will be brought out in discussion. It would not be amiss in the interval, if the natural sccretiveness of Ministers would allow them, to fur- nish a hint on the subject of a bi-monthly mail, so intimately connected as it is with the question of domestic postal reform The remaining subjects of the pro- gramme might without difficulty be deduced from the logic of our recent social history. Our police reports bear daily witness to the necessity foi industrial schools and an asylum foi destitute children, and some provision for the purpose cannot any longer be postponed. For the rest, the consolida- tion of the statute law will probably be included in the scheme of legislation, and a paragraph having reference te the Duke of NEWCASTLE'S despatch on the subject of transportation will no1 unfitly close the communication of the Cabinet. The programme is evidentlj a rich one, and the feast is appetising enough ; the only apprehension is, thal in spite of the hunger of the guests there will be no time to discuss a tithe of the good things. It will bo seen thal we have omitted from consideration one article which will undoubtedly be laic upon the table, and be provocative o veiy general discussion. It is almos a matter of etiquette that the Trea surer's statement should be held sacrée from vulgar inquisitiveness, and tin secrets of the budget be kept inviolati till the time arrives for their forma divulgcment. A passing allusion migh be given to the Treasury department, bu it will be left for us. to surmise that tin Estimates will probably be found in ¡ healthier condition than was expected and that the fitting occasion will brinj out the interesting fact, that the require ments of the public purse will necessi tate no revolution in the financial polic; of the state. In that least intercstiug corner of tlio I Home News devoted to the uncongenial j cultivation of original matter, there is an article this month announcing a definite proposal for the establishment of a postal servico for New Zealand and New South Wales, via Panama, and congratulating that somewhat vague body of people termed the " colonists," upon the probable speedyaccomplishment of a design so long cherished and so ar- dently desired. The spirited projectors of the present scheme are, it appears, the Intercolonial Mail Compauy, who, being " already familiar withthe navigation of "colonial waters," aro presumed to be perfectly -well acquainted with the route to Panama. The terms of their pro- posal are, that a monthly vessel shaE bo laid on each way betweon Sydney, New Zealand, and Panama, to com- municate with the present lines of steam, communication from Aspinwall, via New York and the West Indies, to Liverpool and Southampton, and from Panama to Valparaiso and San Francisco. The consideration is, a subsidy of £76,000 per annum for five years, if not for a' longer period. The preliminaries of the negotiation have, it is declared, already been arranged with the agents of the two colonies j aud they aro of a nature to be highly satisfactory to all parties concerned. But the rose, as it is forcibly observed by our contemporary, is " not without " thorns." And the thorns in this case are of a naturo to be only dimly fore- shadowed by the Home News. We trust we shall not be accused of desiring to stifle in the bud so excellent a project ; but it is well that it should be clearly understood that it is not only internal jealousies between the New Zealand ports which are likely to mar the reali- zation of the auspicious scheme. It is probable that Dunedin will dispute with Auckland the honour of being the port of call for the New Zealand postal service. Nay, if we mistake not, the dissensions hinted at as possible have already broken out between the northern and southern New Zealand towns. Nor do tho circumstances of the case, as re- ported in the local journals, entirely bear that favourable aspect represented by the Home News. The Postmaster General of New Zealand may, on his own part, be entirely satisfied with the pro- positions of the Intercolonial Steam Company, but the Central Government at Auckland is apparently by no means so well disposed towards the project, at least so far as it involves the question of subsidy. Mr. CROSBIE WARD, it seems, was only authorized to bid £«50,000 a year, and to make a bargain for three years. According to the English journals, the colony of New Zea- land alone Í3 prepared to guarantee the entire subsidy of £7G,000,.and for five years. But admitting that, on this occasion, there are some tangible grounds for believing that the Panama scheme is at lengthabout to be realized, and that the matter stands exactly as the Home News has stated it, it cannot be ex- pected that Victoria is to share in the general gratification caused by its probable happy consummation. It is not that we are opposed to the Panama route, if it can be established. We have nothing to lose by direct steam communication across the Pacific. We must protest, on the threshold of the project, however, against being called upon to accept this scheme as furnishing that additional amount of postal ser- vice which is needed by the Aus- tralian colonies. The Panama route may be good for New Zealand, but it cannot answer the purposes of any other colony. Sydney has only a selfish or a sentimental view to serve, in preferring this route to the nearer and old esta- blished line by way of Suez. For pas- sengers, and possibly by and by for goods, the Panama line may be found to answer the purposes of the eastern colonies, but a general, postal service across the Pacific, between Aus- tralia and Europe,must ever be adelusion. What is wanted now is not a new route, but a more frequent service. The line via Suez being shorter, and unquestionably more convenient and more reliable, if we are to improve our communication with Europe, it should bo surely rather by making more use of our present route, than by inventing another. If the postal service is now well performed, as 'it undoubtedly is, by way of Suez, it would be the height of folly to squan- der our resources in trying quite a new experiment. The line which is good for a monthly mail is good also for a fort- nightly one. Nor is there any mode by which the Suez and the Panama lines can be made to accommodate each other. Nothing can be more Quixotic than the idea of multiplying our means of postal communication with Europe by sending one-half of our mails by one route and one-half by another. Allowing that the Panama scheme is practicable, and that a Ime of steam-vessels can be established to run regularly between Sydney and Panama, how is it possible so to ordain the arrivals and departures by this route, as to make them to harmonize with the movements *of the Peninsular and Ori- ental Company's steamers, via Suez ? How shall wo be able to guarantee that one mail shall arrive a fortnight after another, or depart a fortnight before another, both going two different ways? We must be pardoned if we are still sceptical as to the feasibility of a postal communication via Panama. If the ob- ject is to improve our present means of communication with Europe, that object can be secured much moro' cheaply, and effectually by accepting the offer of the present contractors, to give us a fortnightly service by way of Suez. That offer, whether officially or not, is now before the Government of this colony, and the public interest demands that it shall be no longer neglected. For some Teason, to us inexplicable, the pro- posal has not yet come before our Govern- ment in any formal shape from the Impe- rial authorities, although we know that the Peninsular and Oriental Company are prepared to give us a fortnightly line, for a subsidy of £-25,000 a year addi- tional from tho colonies. Surely, the case is one in which our Ministry may act, even without any official advices from the Imperial Government. When the General Assembly lately as- sembled at Auckland voted that the seat of the Government of the island should bo re- moved to a central site on Cook's Straits, it was agreed that tho ultimate decision should bo left to tho decision of the Governors of New South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania. Wo observe, from a circular received by the mail yesterday, that the Provincial Council of tlie Province of Auckland are by no means prepared to assent to the action of the As- sembly. They have addressed a strong appeal to the Governors of the colonies already named, pointing out the inj oatie. which the removal of the site from Auck- land would occasion, and expressing a belief that the. duty proposed to be laid upon the Governors of the three principal Aus-i (rallan colonies would not be undertaken by them. The remonstrance concludes as follows :-" The Provincial Council respect- fully submits that your Excellencies ought not' to descend from your proper and high func- tions to interfere with differences and dis- putes arising in other colonies, and with which your Excellencies can have no concern. The Provincial Council again assert their Arm belief that such an interference would ba op- posed to the wishes of a large majority of the people of this colony, and that at all events on opportunity should be afforded to the peoplo to express their sentiments upon a sub- ject of so much importance to themselves and their posterity, and to declaTO, if they will, their concurrence in a proposal, humiliating alike to the colony, as it is degrading to those who propose it. That, in conclusion, for tho reasons above stated, tho Provincial Council again respectfully, but firmly, protest against such interference, and pray your Excellencies to leave the colony of New Zealand to adjust its own affairs, by means of the ample powers conferred upon it by the Imperial Govern- ment for that purpose." There can bo little doubt that this advice will bo followed. The usual meeting of the ahareholdors of the Grand Junction Mining Company (Tar- rengower) was held at 37 Market-street yes- terday, Mr. M. Keogh in the chair. The reports for tho months of November and De- cember wore submitted, from which it ap- peared that in that time only two crushings had taken place- the one yielding £0 5s. ia., and the other MO 17s. Considerable progress had, however, been made iu prospecting the ground. The balance-sheet showed a small cash balance in favour of income. Mr. Keogh moved the adoption of the report, and Mr. Mallaly seconded the motion, which, was corried unanimously. The English cricketers sailed yesterday morning,by tho Alhambra for New Zealand. There was a large concourse of people on the Railway Pier to tee them off, and as the vessel steamed outwards, hearty cheers were ex- changed between the team and their friends on shore. From a letter received yesterday from Mr. T. Jones, it appears that the cricketers have fortunately sailed on the very day, presuming, of course, that the Alhambra mokes one of her usual passages, which will best suit the preparations made for cheir re- ception in New Zealand. Mr. Jones speaks in the most encouraging terms of the results of the visit. An address of congratulation was forwarded by the Scottish Freemasons in Victoria to Her Majübty, on the occasion of the marriage of the Prince of Wales. An acknowledge- ment of its receipt has been received from Sir G. Grey, who states that "Her Majesty was pleased to receive the address very gra- ciously." At the Essendon Police Court, yesterday, John Campbell was charged with driving a wild bull through the borough within the piosciibcd hours. Mr. Robert M'Dougal, the employer of the defendant, stated that it wa3 by his orders the bull was being driven to tho public pound at Flemington. The animal was trespassing on his land among his tho- roughbred cattle, and he thought he was justified in driving it to the pound. The de- fendant was fined 5s., and 5s. costs. The Gresham, which is chartered for the purpose of carrying " military " emigrants to Taranaki, will, we are informed, take away 356 men and three officers. The officers are Messrs. Pennefather, Vesson, and Clarke. At the Fitzroy Police Court yesterday, Mr. David Young, the owner of considerable pro- perty in that neighbourhooJ, was charged with allowing night soil to soak through the ground in one of his tenements in Young street, so as to become a bad nuisance. He denied the offence, and the Bench requested the town engineer and a constable to ex- amine the spot. They did so, and on their report the defendant was fined 40s., and 42s. costs. The only other case of interest was that of Mr. Jas. Page, landlord of the Rose Hotel. He was charged with abandoning his hotel by going to New Zealand. His defence was that he left his wife in charge, that the houso was kept open, and that his sureties were still responsible. The Beuch adjourned the matter, that they might get the opinion of the Grown law officers on the subject. The number of visitors to the national museums of natural hiBtory, geology, and economic geology applied to mining, agri- culture, and the arte, during the week ending 23rd January, was 823. The museums aro open to the public daily (Sundays excepted) Irom ten a.m. till six p.m., in the north side of the University. The following sums, subscribed for the Pear- son Fund by lodges of the M. U. Order of Odd- fellows, have been paid into tho Bank of New South WaleB,by Dr. Martin, viz. :-Loyal Melbourne Lodge, £3 ; Loyal Australia Foils Lodge, £3; Loyal Yarra Yarra Lodge, £18s. ; Loyal Emerald Hill Lodge, £1. The past and present shareholders of the Provident Institute met last evening, in committee, at the Mechanics' Institute, to discuss their present relations with the depo- sitors. The proceediBgs were kept private. An agreeable re-union took place at the Café, on Saturday evening, on the occasion of the annual stocktaking din nor given by the firm of Messrs. W. Watson and Sons, of this city, to the gentlemen in their employ. The opportunity was taken to present Mr. Boborfc Watson (the senior member of the firm in this colony), on behalf of*the employés, with a handsomely mounted emeu's egg, which bore a suitable inscription expressive of the high esteem in which ho is held by all em- ployed by the firm. The remainder of the evening was Bpont in an exceedingly agrecablo manner. An inquest was held yesterday, by the city coroner, at St. Kilda, upon the body of the unfortunate woman Frances Nicholson White, who committed suicide by taking strychnine on Saturday last. It appeared from the evidence adduced that on Friday night, when the deceased returned from tho theatre, she received a letter from an uncle in England, the peruBal of which seemed to cause her to become very low spirited. The next morning sho sent her servant to Rich- mond, to request her brother, residing there, to come and seo her. The Bervant re- turned at about two o'clock in the after- noon, when deceased asked if she had seen her brother. The servant replied ho was out, but would be sent as soon as he came homo. Deceased said she was going to die soon, and shortly sent tho servant for some bread and butter and a glass of ale. On going into the room with the ale the servant saw the deceased oatlng the bread and butter, which was rolled up in a way which she noticed. The servant re- marking two papers lying on the floor, picked them up and saw they were marked poison. On asking the deceased what she had taken, she sold Bhe had taken poison, and that was what Ehe went out for that morning. The servant at once ran out of the houBe, and met the brother of the deceased» whom she at once despatched for a doctor. The brother, on returning with Dr. Van Hcmeit, found the deceased In convul- sions. On recovering for a time Bhe gave him her bank-hook, and directed htm -what'-to do with her effects. She died in about an hour.' Further evidence showed . ^hat on the morning of Saturday the deceased . wont to the shop of Mr. Thomas, chemist, and asked the-assistant for a shilling's worth of strychnine, saying she wanted it to poison rats with, as they made such a noise that she . could not sleep, and the poison sho bought Before was no good. The poison was supplied her, together with directions as to ita use. Tho verdict of .tho jury was "That the de -ceased poisoned herself by strychnine." A deputation, consisting of the members of the City Court Mission, namoly, Mr. Keunody, .Mr. Webber, Mr. MaiBh, Dr. Eobinson, Mr. \- Canterbury, Mr. Blacklock, and Mr. Green, the hou. secretary, waitBd upon tho Chief . Secretary yesterday, with the view of securing the appointment of chaplain to the City Court for Dr. Milton. Mr. Green, on behalf of the . deputation, pointed out tho desirability of . the appointment, and alluded tothesernces which Dr. Milton had rendered in connexion > with the City Court during the last eleven years. ' Taking everyihi'ng into consideration, it was not, Mr. Green thought, beyond the province \- of the Government to make such an appoint ; ment as that desired. Mr. M Culloch pointed . ontthatittvaianiost unusual thing toappoint . a chaplain to a police court. The prisoners . there wera only temporaiily m charlo ; and, lowevor valuable Dr. Milton's services might .have been, hia remuneration was to be looked for from tho public rather than from the Government. Dr. Milton mentioned that he had been ut considerable personal expense in the maintenance of a number of orphans from time to time ; and that a memo liai in favour of the present application had Dean signed some time ago by a large nura . ber of people. Mr. M'Culloch replied that it was quite out of the power of tho Govern- ment to make the appointment asked for; and with regard to destitute childron, it wat the intention of the Government to introduce in tho course of the ensuing session a mea- sure providing for tho establishment of re . formatorics and industrial schools. The de- putation then withdrew. An accident occurred at Emerald-hill, or the night of Saturday lost, by which a chile numed Henry Salter, aged ten months, los his life by a fall down stairs. It seems tha at half-past ten o'clock the mother of the de . ceased, having put one of her children ti >bed, was descending the staircase, which wa ? very steep, carrying the deceased on her am and a cradle in tho other hand, when sh accidentally slipped, and they both fell, heai . foremost, to the bottom oí the stairs. The un fortunato child fell underneath, and th .mother upon him. The deceased was hur ? very much, having suffered concussion of th brain, and ho died about three quarters c an hour after. An inquest was held on th body yesterday by the city coroner, whai the jury returned a verdict of "Accidenti death." We aro requested to mention that the fin of a serleB of evening meetings, to be hel under the auspices of the council of the Accl noatisation Society, will take place this evei ing, at eight o'clock, at the hall of the Boy: Society. AU members of the Acclimatisatio or Boyal societies are invited to attend, au each member has the privilege of introducir -two gentlemen. On Saturday morning the body of a ma appearing to havo been dead for some daj WOB found in the Uiver Yarra, near the fer at the Botanic-gardens, by Jesse Barro a boatman. The attention of the police beii drawn to it, the body was recovered ai removed to the moigue, where it was sub; \- quently identified as that of Caleb Stank aged twenty-sis years, who had been for sou time "boots" at the Bull and Mouth IToti Bourke-street. An inquest was held on t body yesterday, beforo the city coroner, whi no evidence being forthcoming to throw ai light upon the cause of deceased's death, t . jury returned a verdict of " Found dead a floating in tho Biver Yarra." The shareholders of the Beehive Mini; Company held their usual meeting at Market-street, yesterday, Mr. M. Keogh the chair. The report submitted spoke general terms of tho rather favourable pr pects of the company, and for the month .November the quantity of stone crushed 1 yielded JE279 10s. 3d. During Decemt 1,013 tons of Btuff of all kinds had been pasi through the stampers, and the yield was £< &. lOd. The income and expenditure shov a Email balance in favour of the latter. 1 report was adopted, on the motion of ; -Harker, seconded by Mr. 0. Day. Tho shareholders of the Eaglehawk Min Company hold their usual meeting, at Market-street, yesterday, Mr. Keogh in ?chair. The leport stated that the Christi holidays, and the time spent in overhaul the macbineiy, had interfered greatly \i the returns for the month of December, .machinery, haviDg only been at work eeventcen days. Some 1,031 tons in all been passed through the stampers, the wl of it public crushing, for which £197 14s. had been received hy the lessee. In co quence of the difficulty of Binklng the eni shaft, from the influx of water, it had I found necessary to employ ton inchlnstea .eight inch pumps, and when the neoesi alteration was effected, no difficulty wouli found in prosecuting the work. The di -ence between incomo and expenditure le balance of Eome £03 12s. Od. in the bank, the motion of Mr. O. Day, the seeoi being Mr. Joseph Lestrange, the motion -adopted. On the occasion of His Excellency's vis the Upper House to day, two salutes wil fired by the Volunteer Artillery from Military Barracks, on the other sid< Prince's-bridge. A parade of theAttil under Captain Snee will take placo shi -before the time appointed for His Excellei visit. Last night Mr. L. L. Smith, M.L.A., -entertained at a public dinner by a nui -of tho constituents of South Bourke, a silver tea service was presented to him, -appreciation of his long and constant ser .as their representative in the Legislativ sembly." Tho repaBfc took place ina mar erected on the premises of Clinton's Flete Botel. About fifty persons were present covers had been laid for double that nut 'The Mayor of Melbourno presided, am guests of the evening-Mr. Edwards, MJ .Mr. B. G. Davies, M.L.A. ; Mr. O. E. J .and other gentlemen, occupied seats a principal table. Mr. Wa Yeomans pro] "The health of our guest and represent Dr. L. L. Smith." Ho prefaced' the by[reading an address from the subsci to the testimonial, which expressed .sincere regard nnd admiration "ol honest, consistent, and straightforward ner" in which bo had, on all question .deemed the pledges given to his conetltt and the "strict irftegrity" which had racter¡6ed hiB conduct in Parliament d the fivo years he had represented the trlct. His " honourable conduct" as a : ber of the Legislature had, said the ad gained for him the gratitude of every el and every person in Victoria who rej in a liberal and enlightened form c "Vernment. Mr. Yeomans, In the c of his remarks in proposing the said that tho constituency of South B bad on three occasions returned Mr. í as one of their representatives ; and th testimonial which was about to be prei to him might be regarded as a proof that the majority of the electors still had confidence in him, and would be prepared to elect him. again. The toast was drunk with acclama- tion, and the chairman then formally pre- sented the testimonial. Mr. L. L. Smith, in re- turning thanks, said that the present was not the happiest, but the most miserablo moment of his life, as he was at a loss to And words to appropriately express his acknowledge- ments. He did not think that -ia address contained mere fulsome flattery, for he be- lieved that he really had been straight- forward in his Parliamentary conduct. He felt that it required a large amount of moral courage to own this. The position which he occupied in the House after the chango of Ministry might have given offence to somo of his constituents; but he hod been actuated solely by a desire to seo what the policy of the new Government would be. If it were in accordance with the principles which ho had always professed, he would support the Government ; if it were the contrary, he would oppose them, though he was willing to moke compromises as far _as he could consistently do so, in order to pre- vent frequent changes of Ministry. His sole desire was to serve his constituents. Ha had no private ends to gain ; for, in plain words, it would not pay him to be a member of any Government. In conclusion, Mr. Smith assured his hearers that he deeply valued the tebtimonial, and that he was rejoiced to know that it hod been subscribed lor, not by one or two, but by hundreds of his consti- tuents. Mr. Edwards, M.L.A., read the in- scription on the teapot, which was ai follows:-"Magna est veritas et provalebit. Presented to Dr. L. L. Smith, M.P., at a dinner given to him for the purpose, by the constituents of South Bourke, in appreoia tionof his firm, consistent, and straightforward conduct as one of their representatives in tha Legislative Assembly. Hawthorn, _Cth Janu- ary, 18C4. Honesty is tho best policy," " The Parliament of Victoria," to which Mr. Davies responded, aud several other toaBts followed. There was no telegram received from Ade- laide last evening. The manager of the Mel- bourne oîBce reports:-"Communication in- terrupted between Portland and Mount Gam- bier since fix p.m. It is expected it will be resumed by half- past eight to-morrow (this) morning." We were yesterday shown a parcel of rugs, made to order by Mr. F. Gardner, furrier, 84 Collins-Street east, from furs obtained from various Tasmanian animals, including the opossum, the native cat, the tiger cat, &c;, They were very fine specimens-very much superior to anything of the kind we have hitherto been accustomed to see in this colony. Mr. Gardner has carried on business as a furrier in Launceston for the last dozen years, and has recently opened an establish- ment in Melbourne. The district coroner held an inquest yes terday, at Pentridge Stockade, upon the bodj of Auron Charlton, a prisoner of the Crown who died on the -3rd inst. Deceased was re ceived into the Stockade ia May, 1803, undei a sentence to six years' upon the roads. Thi medical evidence showed that death was thi result of a tumour in the abdomen witl dropsy, and the jury found a verdict accord iogly. As a young man named Thomas O'Brien employed in Melbourne by a cab owner, wa riding a hore« on Sunday afternoon, npoi the Dandcnong-road, from some cause thi animal became restive, and threw his ride against a tree. The result of the fall was i fracture of the thigh, and O'Brien wa brought in with all convenient speed to th hospital. We call the attention of candidates for pro motion in the volunteer force to an unnounce ment in another column of this morning' Argus. No less than 267 candidates have sen in their names for the examination, 187 c whom belong to the metropolitan and sul urban corps, the others presenting themselvc simultaneously at Ballarat-, Castlemaine, an Geelong. The Exhibition-building has bee fitted with temporary desks for the accon modation of the Melbourne candidates, wh attend on Wednesday evening, and on Thuri day, both morning and evening. Those wh are candidates for nomination as subalter officers must attend also on Wednesda morning, at seven o'clock. "The forthcoming election," says lal night's Ballarat Evening Post, " is becomiu the topic of conversation at last, and coterie are belüg formed to discuss the merits of ti different candidates. Dr. King has receive a numerously-signed requisition, but haB r fused to give his consent until this evenini A telegram from Mr. C. Skarratt has bee received, to the effect that Mr. 0. Kinnear, « Clunes, is goingto stand,but the rumour is ni authenticated. Mr. JohnWinter, onoldresidei in this district, will be waited on to-morroi and a number of gentlemen met this afee noon, to insure his return providing his coi sent is obtained. Mr. James Service has boc spoken of, but the now act provides that ti candidate must give his consent in wrltin a provision which cannot be complied wil in the case of Mr. Service, who is not In ti colony. There could not bo two opinioi about the result if that gentleman could 1 elected. A rumour has also been afloat th some influential morchunt from Melbouri was about to solicit the votes of the electo) bnt in a few days we shall no doubt ha the candidate properly before UB." An evening's entertainment of a rather novel character was presented to the public last evening, by the re-opening of the Prin- cess's Theatre, under the management of Mr. G. W. Cosford. -The attendance was rather scanty at the time fixed for the commence- ment of the entertainment, but somewhat increased as the evening progressed. The great novelty of the evening was the first in- troduction of Professor Pepper's genuine ghost to a Melbourne audience. This was done by the representation of the figure of a lady dressed in robes of white, which, al- though distinctly visible to its smallest details, was evidently unsubstantial, and drawn upon vacancy. However, two or three pieces of music were sung by the phantom to the evident satisfaction of the audience. Afterwards two or three figures were represented at a time, one effective re- presentation being that of the unfortunate Howard, Earl of Surrey, gazing into a mirror in which was vividly depicted the figure of his lost Geraldine. The great defect of the whole representation was the want of dra- matic adjuncts, whereby the belief of the audience might be strengthened and stimu- lated, and the feelings have been so in- terested as to invest the illusion with the startling force of reality. This was not at- tempted last evening, the so-called "ghosts" being merely very perfect reflections of a living figure, were looked upon but as cleverly- produced optical effects. Mr. Cosford, at the commencement, apologized for what he knew would be defective in the representation, and explained it as arising from the person who acted for him as theatrical agent having left him, and he in consequence being compelled to make what provisional arrangements the time and circumstances allowed. There is no doubt that if the optical effect produced last evening were cleverly combined with an ap- propriate drama, a very startling result might be produced. The remaining part of the en- tertalnment consisted in a lecture and expiri- ments in electro-biology, by Mr. Cosford, which gave rise to a great amount of fun and laughter. It will scarcely bo necessary to remind readers of The Argus that Ilis Excellency the Governor will attend in the chamber of the Legislative Council this afternoon, to open Parliament for the session. On inquiry last evoulng, we were happy to learn that Mr. W. Nicholson is rapidly re- gaining his usual health. An accident occurred on Sunday last to a man named Samuel Orr, one of Colonel Pitt's volunteers. Un going on board tho ship at Williamstown, he entangled his foot in the cable, and fell down through two hatchways into the hold. Being picked up ho was found to be severely injured, and after being tempo raiily treated on board the ship by the sur- geon, he was brought to the Hospital yester- day, when it was fonnd that he had suffered concussion of the spine. By the Coorong, wo have dates from Ade- laide to the 23rd inst. Wo are requested to state that tho com- manding officer'b parade of the St. Kilda Artil- lery corps, ordered for Wednesday ovening, has been postponed, in consequence of tho exami- nations for promotion taking place that even- ing. The members will, however, fall in at tho site of the late encampment, for company drill and proceeding with the works of the battery. We observe that the Medical and Surgical Review, tho eleventh number of which has just reached us, will, " on the completion of the present volume," be published fort1 nightly instead of monthly. Wo ara glad to find that a periodical published in Melbourne, and which certainly contains much matter of interest to the g< neral public, is so far appre- ciated as to justify the publisher in adopt- ing this course, and we trust he will not b3 disappointed as to the success ho anticipates for the Review when it becomes a bi- monthly. At the meeting of the City Council yester »y, a report was submitted by the city sur- veyor as to the means at his disposal for the purpose of street- wateriug. The report stat es that at present six giinge, of three men each, aro employed, and that the cost of the work is £012s. per diem, or £1,320 per annum. The city surveyor recommends the employment ofthrco additional gangs. The Gulvject has been referred to the Public Works Committee, with directions to repoit next Monday. At the Prahran Police Court yesterday, George Hall was fined 20s., and ordered to pay 5s. costs, for refusing, when called upon, to show his railway ticket to Henry Black, a porter employed by the Melbourne and Suburban Railway, at the Grenvillu-street Siatlon; in default, the defendant was ordered four days' imprisonment. The police-sheet disposed of yesterday at the City Court comprised fifty-nino cases, mostly of an unimportant character, Of the defendants twenty-nine were charged with drunkenness, seven or eight of them being Colonel Pitt's volunteers, who had cashed their advance-notes and got druuk on the proceeds. Notico is given by Colonel Pitt that, the shir. Thoma6Flttcherhaving been chartoied to con vcy tho wives and families of militiamen no vi serving in Auckland, all those who have beer written to hy him are to assemble at Stewari and Carrick's Wharf, Sandridge, on Thursday next, at two in tho afternoon, when boati will bo provided to take them on board. Al married men who have enrolled will assemblt at the same place, with their families, on th( samo day, at four in the afternoon. The annual meeting of the members of th( Victorian Society "of Blues will bo held, ai the Criterion Hotel, this afternoon, at fou: o'clock. The annual meeting of the members of thi Mechanics' Institution will ba hold, in thi hall of the instituto, Collins-stroet cast, thi ovening, at eight o'clock. By the Aldinga we have our files fron Dunedin to the 18th, and Lytteltonto th 14th inBt. Tho Mount Alexander Mail reports that "Last week, when the All-England Elevei were passing through Castlemaine, en route io Melbourne, a discussion took place at the Im perial Hotel (where tho Eleven put up) as t the walking capabilities of " young Day" am other Victorian pedestrians. Tarrant* de clored himself ready to walk or run cortaii parties on certain terms. Mr. Graco was ii the room, and challenged Tarrant on th Epottorun 100 yards, for a moderate surr The challenge wa3 immediately accepted, th money staked, and the men stripped. Th ground was measured and judges chosen The men got away in good style, runnln well together for tho first ten yards. The Mr. Giace took the lead at a rattling pací pressed hard by Tarrant ; Grace, however, ir creased his speed in fine pedestrian ttyl winning by . about five yards. The rae was one of the swiftest we have seen fe years." Wo have been informed that some of th squatters on the New South Wales side of th Murray and Darling intend presenting Mi Robert Sheridan, tho Victorian inspecte of sheep, with some substantial mark of the appreciation of the service he has rendered f the pastoral community on thoso rivers, b tho able manner in which ho conducted ti cases heard at the police court, Cowana, i June and July last, in which convictions wei obtained againBt Mr.George Urquhart, undi the Victorian Scab Act. A Bhark, measuring eleven feet six inchf in length, was harpooned on Tuesday last o Port Albert, by tho crew of tho harbou master's boat. "Some investigation must bo made by ti Government," says the Geelong Adverlist " into the causo of the delay in the transmi sion of the home mail from Queenscliff i Geelong on Friday last. We aro inform« that the present contractor was Dot in ai way prepared to bring on the mail, al thou j It was a week or moro overdue. With gre difficulty ho managed to get a small poule of it forwarded on the Friday afternoo and the bulk, which was left behind, wi ordered by the Post-office authorities to 1 sent on immediately hy any convoyanco th could bo got. This led to somo further delà; but ultimately Mr. Stoneman brought it u although not in time to catch the train f Ballarat ; hence our Ballarat friends word d prived of the speedy transmission of the papers and letters, which, ander other circuí stances, they should have expected. This the first mall landed under the new post contract for 1864, end a sorry job tho contre tor has made of it," Loder's romantic opera of "The Nig Dancers" was produced at the Haymark Theatre last night for the first time, and wi success. Without attempting to criticise t' o pel a as a work of art, we may say that abounds in situations of interest, and co tains much excellent music, with horo ai there a masterpiece of composition. It pi Bents great variety, and when well plac upon the Etage, is one of the most attracti productions which the theatrical manof bus at his command. Last night it was vc well brought out. Tho scanery was good, t dresses were excellent, and the most was ma of tho limited numbers of the band and chon Miss Emma Howson played and sang with gre spirit as Giselle, while Mary was personal with appropriate archness by Miss del Hawson, Madame Oarandini, asjtho Dake daughter, acquitied herself with ability. Mr. Sherwin, in the character of Albert, had a part which suited him, and he sang with taste and care. Mr. Frank Howson made an ex- cellent Fridolin, a beadle. Bepetition will give smoothness where the wauk of re- hearsals was apparent, and make still moro agreeable an entertainment well worthy of patronage. There was a large attendance in the stalls and pit especially. Mr. Birch has entered upon his last week here, and befoic bo leaves will complote his hundredth performance, which it is stated haB, according to the books kept, been wit- nessed by 20,000 persons since he first came among us.' Mr. Birch has added to his enter- tainment a song in negro character, called "Billy Batlow," thus humorously dealing with current events, and a song à la John Parry, entitled "Lord Bonald tho Brave," which ho renders with great comic force. 