GREAT PLBLIOi RAILWAY MEETIN'G AT LAUNCESTON. A. public meeting was held in the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening, for the purpose of giving expression to the puiblic opinion on the recent proceed. ings in Parliament with reference to the Launceston and Wersterun Railway, and to adopt such further measures as'to the meet. ing might seem desirable. At the appointed hour '(7 o'clock) the. room was densely : rowiled. W. S. Button, Esq., was then unanimouslyj voted to the chair, amidst loud applause. On the platform were Messra. J. Crookos, Alexander Webster, C. J. \Veedon, Wm. Tyson, son., Lewis Cohen,'John Scott, VW. V. White, Ogilvie, James Castloy, :anbd W. J. Norwood. Win. Dodery, 'Esquire, MLH.A., entered the room ishbortly after the proceedings had commenced, and took his seat on the platform amidst loud and continued applause. The large rail w~y banner bearing the motto-" The Laun. ceston and Western Railway and No Sur 'render" was conspioiously suspended in the r ar of the platform. The Chairman commenced the business by ?eading the advertisement convening the meeting, and then said that their presence there that night testified that they had seen : 'toe advertisement, and testified that they had soon the propriety 'of it (applausel. It was always very gratifying to attend a meeting Galled on behalf of the railway-the intended railway from Launceston to Doloraine. They "ciirtiiinly did not meet'ot0 the present occasion uinder snch hapy circumstances as could be irOeiod, but'thoung'h their efforts had bean re peatedly?'foiled, 'yet they were not so dispirited 'as`t?b'think of giving up the work (loud ap ' rapso.) True, inuch valuable time had been !oat Diuring the past year a very Inrgo ant5oulf of time expended in promoting the sae of the railway had for the present b ~ei throiin away; but they would still per. saet i their' determination to obtain the rail way and bring up all arrears (cheers). He approherded they were hot there that night to enquir ri hether they ought to.have a railway way froim,;Launceston to Deloraine; nor re ro thby theli to"cnvass the principles upon which they ought to have it; nor to go into arguments .as to the desirability of a general railway ischemo. All this ayes settled in their minds,; for daring the' 'astlseven..years ," id whole subject had been thoroughly'sifted, and no donbts remained on their minds, or on the minds gof those prominently engaged in advocating the railway. Truo, they had just meot with a revgrso in Parliament, b?':it was not simply oi theground that triey,had been 'dfeated, that they complaiied. .'rhey weir prepared ,to let the shelme stand on its own morinte, nd had itJbeon fairly treated, 'thpre ,sent meeting would not, have assembled to protesit against the, procodings which had adffoodi their cause (hbar; hear). Whatever feelings of disappointmilent they. might ex. perience, there was one thing which was f. satisfactory, namely, that whatever doubts they might have had as to whore to look for' 'their enemies, those doubts no longer re. mained. It was clear that the Govern. went of the day was the enemy they had to contend with Lapplause). There could be no o"dnoubt of this ,?h?n they looked at the o'doaot'of tho. Administration in all communi. rations with'tlem; and more recently at the ,exhibition made ip the House of Assembly a few.' evningos ag by the Colonial Treasurer. It 'wiiot 'his intention to go far into the q lestio.i.'. The' resolutions which would be saubmit;od to "rho meeting were based upon cirdoiniteicks whihb had lately transpired, and he would: only be 'infringing upon the rights of the persons there assembled, if he took up'their time by referring or comment. Jog uponthe soparate points contained therein. He would leave theso to' the speakers, who Siidild doubtless treat the resolutions with ability. He would only say that tliough we had 'certainly met with a cheek, yet we were certainly in a better position than over we were (bear, hear); so' much so, that our adversaries found it necessary to bring up all their reserves,'and every man they could bring 'dip to the battle, in order to check us (laughter, and applause): And thanks moreover to the -A!way in which our deputation to Hobart Town conducted the business entrusted to their care :(appslause) wo had now got support where it L-as'least expected.' The people of Hobart .'To' n weoronow our allies -(loud applause), ."tSid were'irding theinselves'up oh our'bthalf t(rklnotwed' pplauso); nindthoe ignorance which had prevailed in that community had been dissipated, and a noble response returned to the call made to them (cheers). He felt we . ow had only to rid ourselves of hesitating and temporisieg supporters, and of represents. tires Who had 'been placed in a position they ".':wdrounnworthy'to occupy (hear, hear). . Lot us attend.to this for the future, and success lay before us (cheers). He would:not further doetain the meeting, but would"- cill: 'n Mr. Crookes to niove. the first resolution' (loud applause). M-C' M roo6~%Ti, iWhoia w receivee2iwith great applause. said the would much rather have appeared -before them that night to congratn. -'lata'thim on .a'success; but notwithstanding 'wlinkat'iglit ippear anpartisl'defeat, they must ' iot be'dispirited' (hear). 'They must recollect 'that though there were perhaps only about 700 persons present ait that meeting, yet they were there on behalf of'30.000 (hear, hear) ; and when they spoke of their interests, they spoke of the interests of 30.000 inhabitants in the ,north (hear, hear). He was not at all dis. pirited. They had noiw gone too far to turn .bapk (applause). They had spent too much time,. too much thought, too mucl money .ever to dream for one single moment of giving up the contest until they lhad gained a triumph (tremendous oheering). It was to bo regretted that amongst those' who opposed the work were someo vho had been~ bhrn in the colony, and who had property hero. Hoe repented that it was greatly to be regretted that such men were opposed to the railway. One did not like to be personal, but how could they help mentioning the sinimes of those who ought to stand up and fight, and' help to conduct the scheme to a suceossf'ul termination, but who nevertheless opposed what would so greatly add to the prospority and well-hoing of this their native land P He would name one-Mr. Walker, a gentlenian born here, and possessed of a considcrable amount of property, who iad the assurance-ho was almost going to say the impertinence-to stand up and oppose the railway, whilst lie ought to be standing up and fighting for it, especially as it would increase the value of his own property. Such conduct was a mystery to hintm '(Mr. Crookes). Here was a young man of intelligence, possessed 'of pYoporty, a member of the Legislature, and a native; opposing a mbsnuro calculated to so largely benefit the country. There was no excuse for him. -" lHad he been a strenger, or one who had not,'livd. here long, it would. have been.different; Tliese kind of men must be got ria of. They . must be made. to stand asideo~;l d .iot prevgt -the progress-of" the eiantsi (ipplidso). 'Inn?i there was:a'nother k'idd dr oppoti bfz l'lbg-.olllngl"'-frorui men, who sa:d, ' If yOi .iote for £2,000 for my. scheme, I will. vol' for your scheme." But tho promoters of .the railway despised "log rolling" (great chseerirg). They would let their cause stand on its own merits (applauseo. Then they were'told, that the security to be offered to Ihe Goverinmenet was not saifie slt. "Government" did hlie say'?' It was no Go. vernment (celers). Itsv want of ability and of public spirit was a. libel upon the name (renewed cheers). . o wne saying that they were told that the' sceurity. ofered was not sufficiont. 'What I was not the security offered for the £400,000 sitlicient P. o10 never, heard of such good securith for suah a small sum. Really when they came to read thoearguments as they were termed-but there weroeno;argo. monts at, all--it' was enough to. make,;on? ashamed of such representatives .(hear, bear). Thelyveror then told that, if debentures foFo this work,were issued the dredit, of the colony would be injured. T'ilo Colonial Treasurer natually had the .effronteryto toell. the Houso that he.know porqons ip England who held do. bontuanp,'who would sell out at once if this railsyy wero,eprocopded with. And whrt if they did ? - Theoworld would not stand still for..that (cheers). Why, the debenture??mould inoroase, in. value, and, would be quickly brought up. There was a financier for: thqm, "The.-Young 'Financier," who himself had said tiiat he did not know of such a thing as a Government policy, but he knew of (a voioe -" Government -bullocks"). Yes. This "Young Ei6acicer'" talked 'of the credit of the colony 'being injured, and so it wduld be under suchimon as he and'othors':whoso everyday conduct'showed that they know nothing what. ever of finance [hoar]. .It was an important fact that for the last five or six years we had not had a goveinment with a policy, and until we had a government with a policy, and which had the good'of the colony at heart, we should not goeton (hear, hear). What was the policy. of the present Ministry ? , Why the niembers wcre divided. One voted in one way, aind another in another way. Thoegreat financier,; this "Young Financier," voted against us,, the Attorney.General being the only, one who voted for us. flow could we got on?with'soch na Treasurer, for it was not his opposition' alone weo had to encounter, but o? 'ecouit :of his position Ito had infinuonco over '"ols-:menid who had no opinion of their own (hear, hear)." He (Mr. "Crookes) had seen, 'oer since- their entry upon office, that we co ldo"iily get bn by upsetting the ciach and, getting rid of them (cheers). T " hd' Treoire and, othie?? members objected to the security as, not boilig sufficient. Why Mr. Douglas had told thom that there were one and a quarter mlilli'ns !of acres of land in the', district .weich, would bem affected byi the railway Was there everl a better security Thho Treasureri'told this House that good limo existed, in largo qu"nn: tities on the banks of the Tamar;, lit that it could not be delivered hero so cteap as lie could be imported from Geongtoi:; Thore were several circemstances whilhb, prpveened lithi6 being readily obtained from the Tamar, hut if we `had' "' railway we waoild never think of 'saenditig t? Gelong, for there were almost mountains of lime at the Westward: ' Whb 'told 'thh' !'reas'irer this ? The Director of Publio Works gave him this information. Againe'ref'or'iig to'Mr.' Dbyni's calculations, thei"olotilal Treasurer said lie did not believe them. ' Oh no, they wesr all in error, - and he couldn't believe ,' them. These ."were the reneh we liad to contend ngainst,' but as he (Mr. Crookes) had before said, these moen -must stand aside, and the country go on (chbers). And thlennothergentlemanstated that the+eal culations of Mr.' Doyne were all wrong-they were not to be trusted; and yet this gentle. man said he could prove 'that the caloulatidn, for the Grand Trunk line were correct.; "?Mr. Hayes said, "lie thought they should make it plain what' theo assessment would'be. iil'H believed it would bo'ilito is Od in thb po~idd, and if he stated'8', he believed he would iot be far aboveo'tho")?ndiek. The bon.' meoni or referrednto'ithe 'onlllantions as mosa fallacibuql Hlis.:olaulatioenf s oi the lMain Trunik ?todre quite d(lerent (much laughter). He could show lthati that '\iould pay, but he thought the. cadculations'pu't before them were gldr ingly fulsoe" (roenewed laughter). Now ther was a stafementfrom a nan who iftboh moet itg beird him spooeak "tliey would 'think '"-, he did not knbow the Dr. from, the Cr. side of an account (langhter)." 'He'(Mi. Crookes) woald veonture' to say that tliis member could hardly spollitho name of the town lh Was' born in." And then, again,i the really:dowdright ignorance' which chnracterised some of the slatements made in the House was roelly astonishing. Really it was shameful. Lot them hearn what a man of property sadd-" Mr.. Sliaria id'fe rred aganin to the alceulations of Mr. Doyno, and pointed out di? eepaneoes. On the subject of debeoa tures lie lhad oinired of in many, holders, anod he believed' that the isu'o i 'fithlis-dlitional ,4.l0,000 worth would depreciate their yole, as the security would not boso good." Couol anything be more monstrous than such a stoate ment ?' 'r. Sharlauid thenliwbit on:to say "' He believed the calculations- as to passenger treethe return wore altogethorttoo'high." Did Mr. Sharlan oever make an??ynaleolations? EIe (Mr. Crtokea) did not thihnkhelhad. But let the meeting listen "to some nimre of that. gentleman's stateonants---" In' regard to grain, they know' that the whole quantity grown in the Railway districtsowas conveyed into Laun. oston inthree mon inthre months." Why six and seven months did it trike to got the grain into town, and 'yet hero was a 'man' of intelligonco and education deliberately stating that all the wheat, ohat, barley;, and grain, were brought into town in three months.' ' Could 'any. thing be" ''more mionstrous than suech Si'tatoments ? 'l'hee were the men who stood up and'hiedercd' s, and' were the great ohb 'atrietlons to progress. He most ndvert to' anothor representative, who, he belioved, was born aniignest us. It was really 'humiliating, ,ut he niight'a· y thoro as'somo hope of this yoiig 'gntloman,' for a littld"more thbulht a'd.dexpirienac might load hini to reoacei is stops.' " MriLevis regretted, that locluld not support the resolution. Ho wasof opinion that tlhe railway to Dolornino would enhance 'tlbo"value of the land in that part 'db the country. ' Ho 'was convinced tlhat railways would soon be adopted all through the colony. I It' must dome some day, and if it dl, not a come in this generation it would in theu ext" (groat laughter). Well, well, what we 'they t to do w'th men like those ? Was it n piti. I able ? But yet there was hope of this yong I gentloman. Experionce and further tl?oglt and colsideration might cause' him to cange, and if we had 'him for. a fortnight a'ongst us, wo would rub some of thie dust out f his }eyes (n langho).. He wanted informatioa' he (Mr. Crookeso hoped he would got it. ,l lit it r was tleo Government they had most tb con tcndn against. Hie 'need not roler to ae ob i'oxi&ds; 'measures whic"iha'd 'been' b? tght forward by them, for they were well own to everybbdy, 'It would be romembeier that a great scheme of reproductive workd was Flong talked of ; but what a miserablo !little thingg. it had turned out. It was supposed that ,Ministers had been ooengaged for months in planning it, but when the Colonialra-qn. sorer brought it out he know 'nothing 'bout its. It' tranepir0 d that others had.prepared it,.a nd' ho (r. Crookes) believed the. iiok with which it was written was not dry.;when ;it was laid before.tlh House.:: Ho:hhould like before the meoting :soparated to.hear'thatthe coaohhbad been upset (cheers), and.:there was a probability. of that to.night. " The presentt Ministers had :reigned too long. When thoey. took offie they pledged themselves to retrenchll. mont. , Whore was it? Thn they promised reproductivoe works. - Whore were they P, Why, as:to the schemo. brought forward by the Treasurer, Mr. Douglas had very justly re; 'mnarked that it proposed to' solid people to starve in the wilderness'(bohesr, hear). Then they promised a tariff with'a foie articles; and yet' everything porhons.wore, from head to foot' was taxed. "They could not even ride in a chaise' damt' ithlout ';Ieing taxed"- He could' not understand how the people could put pI with,'and endure a' Governmot'tthat had so shamefully deceived -thbm and broken thl' pledges they had given to the colony (applause). 1" was positivbly'nlaiming. Some of the bills before the House, but which he hoped would yet be thrown nut, word of such ia nature that no tlersonnwould dare to introduce them any. where'oxcept in ~ioor T'asmaiia (bhear, heanrr The Ministry had no regard for the liberty of the isubject. Thuentheay li't d boon influenced by a potty malignant desire to persecute men who they- suppose?lwere against them, but in carrying out their petty.hnalignity and spleen what a mess thely had got into I (laughter and applause). I They dmoissed-magistrates with ouat a !earing. Thy apsumed the powers and prerogative of the ?lrono. And when one of these magistratesapf?eio dd, aid asked why Ioi was dismiasod th'.epl d lfed " We will lay Syour case before th'e' 'Executiio Council." "Wlhat'afterdlms'idighita P' What i shaml (heqr, lii?r). "Asi an Government they lhnd shamefully .violated the pledges given when they took ofeo, and, their.position now was one of a most humiliating charaoter. And' what was their .defenco ?. .Why that the people of tihe North' wor? 'in' rebollion against this Goveoriront. IBntino; "it was not so; TheLie6plo of theo orth'weror too loyal, and 'he hurled backtlthat" falso 6harge" (cheers'.' Then there wis .anothbeioharg~.' Wh?nh:"tho present Government thoughbit rprper' to''a'rro. gate to themsolves the powers of tho Thiiaoe, and dsminissed.the magistratesvwitbout a-hear. tug, the meeting balled to coi?sider thod sob jest was called unconstitutianqlý'apd ipbeflions.. But h mnnintained that it was bothingot the kind, and -that the Northorn mgistrates had .perfdot tight to hold soich ii' mibtiniig (hear, hear).: Heo remembomrd thatt'neonight in the House of Assembly, the " Young' lFinanloir" ,got ttot a passion over some trifling thibg, pad rusoed out of the House declaring tliitlhoe would sell his property and leave:' Whahi a lass he would be (Ilughter). But ,hd did siot carry oit . his resolution. !Perhalps. he. saw something looming in thoe listanico;: pel!rhips -it- was?-900 n-year (i lauigh), 'ow, what interest had the members of the presdnt Gobernmontiliongt 118s? 1 ,Vdro tllibyla'goe landholders '? PNo; some hid isoarcely--aly thing to put their toot' on t They hald'tio in. toerests iin common w th -s. ' Tlhen thone whro eeioral:'distriot' miurisepreseouted. oTheiwlwas George T'own, for instance. Thel niombo er that district told thle lHunsaothat"he ' beliedpd thot the large mnajorityjif')his coostituenti wero in favor of the railwvay, but he must vote against it. Then another Northern member, when aolled upon to resign, or give his full support to tho-merturoe, said, "Oh- thati-e. quest came from the League; a meeting of theoLenaguo has called upon me to resign." It was notlhingotrthe kind. Itrw~ a ;eeting of the electors" of Laundtstodh ,an dhhd that member resigned he would have beon raised a thousand times higher in the opinion of the people. But.no, he stuck to the £O00) a'vnda (hoar, hear)." Well, we must stick to the railway. (cheers).. We ad. gained some 'very important points.. It ws, n"'great fact thlittbh'peboplq 6f tlhe South' were not only beogining to dad that the dol ony vould be bonefttid by' railways; but wiro "also losinug their peojudic 'against the Wdetortf Railway (hear, hear). 'He'hoped that North'and South would moot midway-say at Campboll'Town or Ross-a-ol arrange to carry out this rail. way (cheers). There could be no doubtl at the delay:in.this question had greatly injured the country. . If the work had been carried out three years ago the advasttages of it would. now hayo become very apparent. Population would have inarcrised, negricuiture would have inhreased; commerce would.have.flourished, our natural resources would have been developed, and/thoerevonue would also havn increased. Thbor:f.ould'have been noidopression inbusi ness, no moohanios and othoes.,out of employd (chiors).'l The i'osolatlohb. le had to move That thlistneeil i leiply regrets' the'rejection of terijgryy, propslsea by tlto1 (louse of Assem. (sy, snis tkl[rs"tot' recobrd' lt+ceovlctlot that, buit fosrhb' iungeti'eios'spr64eeate and opposition of the Governmecht,'tbh measure Iould have becen carrleds'.- if I .. .. (cheeri;).itNdw hed elieved' iI that'resolution. He belioved'it tobioatfiset that but for the nn geonoits"pressuirot'tid'opposition of the Go-, vyrnment thoe rdilwbay measure would hveo bod:eoairried: If there (lnd bden other man at the'liolm, patriotic, intelligent, and with the welfalo of thb oountly at heart, we should have had thorailviy four yeda's go. 'But'thepro gross of the country hild been hindered, and the people tnust now join hand in hand and upset a GoVernment so opposed to the true interests . of the colony (cheers). It was our- duty to 'do so. If we desired " to 'see population, iagriculture, trado, nd.. commeroe'; Oicroaso,' we must go in for railways (cheers). A'nd let is be true men. Hoe,hopedibefore the presont session of: Parliament losedsomething would bordono in re erence to the ,Vestern ?Railw?y,, but he must say he hbd no hbopeofthe kind with the present Ministry. Heo wasiglad' to seoesuch a largo. meeting, andI;t soilutuanimous, and be lieved. ? tbat, ri rjth a few excep tions, the inhabitants of .tlhoiinrtlsor n distrietswereo equally so-(hear, hear)." When the Rilwa?iry;es lutidoo weret under consider atidio4ti thetHduses'f Assembly, onbmoenbor, said tlhiit',.if'r the itbhhbitandI of thli ?proposed 'tRhilsvdy~di6tiidf 'had'kone to Parliament with a unanimous petition, he would'have vo'ted in favor, ofthoe moasuro. Now, there never was ''eisbji0t on'"wbiclh so much unanimity ex isted (cheers), If he (iMr. Crookes) had heen min tlis I d ho'us would have asked the hon. member if hoe was elected unanuimously, nnd if not, why did.he not respect tiho minority and stay away? (Hear, iear.)Another said lisnt those wvh wanted the Railwiay ought to bring their title deeds and lay them down at the ,Treasrcir's feet. Was there ever anything more ridiulous P? Another member said, " he eas sick of this Railway, for he, had it now for breakfast,dioner,nnl supper,and even took itto lied" (laughter). Well, never mind, we would give it to them three times a day, and tiroa times over. He was glad to soe such n large ?ad unanimous meeting, and was sure that the rest of the people in the districts were equally unanimous. Of course there were some per sons outsido who grumbledl at the Railway, but these were not very many; anl-alter all eo dloubted whether the 125,000 acres of land mentioned 'in the, anti-railway petitition really belonged to the persons signing it (bear, hear). 1io might mention that in the peti. tion a publichouseo at the bottom of the Saund hill was put down as being worth £10 000! Was that a fair or proper value ? No! How. aver, they would yet beat those who opposed, this important work (cheers). He hoped bo fore he met'them nuin to have bettor news totell them, and lie hoped before the meet ng soptrated, to receive a telegram stating that the Ministerial coach had beeo upset (loud cheering). . Mr. Weedon seponded the resolution, and said it i'la beeoo so abl brought bfefore the miteeting by Mr. O-ooke, h;that little was leoft fed hiin to saiy. ' The ii!eeting ivould have no difioulty int recdgnising the first part of the resolution, viz, ':" That this -meeting deeply regrets the rejeotion' of tlhe Railway proposals by tho' Hdoasof ,Aiaombly ;" ibut they might not be awtrie oý tho'motivtds which hld led to: the insortioi~if''theo rom.l'm ing words,: "aInd desires to record its copvietioawtlhat, but for ,the unscherodtii piessuro and opposition of the! Governmennt; the measure would have beeon carried." .'These terms were not misippliied The soirse puraied by the Goverin'tenti had bisou'ltoth 'lienecroas andunnjust; for every oin who hald ricd 'tlihe d'abates rist! iavo noticed that everything that could b. bei ght: forward against tho.e work, was mado use of .by the Goverin'meet, btat ithin g for it (lear, hear). 'And !thene when! h'ir Richard Dry moved for .thb correspondence which hIad taken cplacorespecting tlth Western jRailvpy, 'the opposing petition was printed in full, with all the names attached; whereas the petitions in fatvor of it wre not printed (hear). 'The papoer merely mentioned that a number of petitions signed by so many persons had been received from such and suc: a place (hoear, hear). This, he thought, was very ungenerous and unjust. Mr.Weedon said there could be no doubt that the rejection of the meaonsure would milintoate against us; and by way ot illustration montioued thitt n respectablle tmrdosntan halied that very morning come to himi, and stated thrit as the Railvwayy had not been passed, le imust put his property intol his (Mr. Weedon's) thands for sale; and h • 5 '.... "4-- . . , ?. . . added that onoereason which had'induoed ,hln to do this was that he saw noprospoot here for his sons. Mr. Woodon concluded by say. ing lie had great pleasure in seconding the resolution.: The Roev. Charles Price rose amidst applause to support the resolution. lie said he viewed this as a vital question or he would not have taken the trouble to appear before them. lie did not take itfup's a political question, but as a domestic question connected with the Northern family of this colony. The great point was to ascertain our position, as to whether it was iaohas should discourugo us, and induce us to relax in our efforts and look back, or whether it was the position we might have oxpooted. Now, notwithstanding all that had been said it appeared to him that the position we now occupied was the position we might have expected. The railway ques tion had brought out self.reliance Now this colony had not been much accustomed to self reliance, neither had the Government of the colony been accustomed to look at the people as. being self-reliant, and what had been the consequence ? Why, that the men who had thwarted us had been afraid to trust us.' Therefore, what did we find one of them saying? "We oppose the scheme in order to prevent you being ruined (laughter). You are so inoxperienced, and so accustomed to be done for so long, that you must not go out of our hands" renoewed langhter). This appeared to be one characteristic of the compassionate heart of our paterfamilias at Hobart Town (hoear, hear, and laughter). And was it not so? Had not the people on every occasion, instead of praelisineg self-reliance, rushed to the Government and asked to be dandled on their knees, and to be fed with pap ? (Great laughtor, and applause). We saw that this was the case, and we knew what was the re sult of it. Would that meeting have been held that night if the Government had stepped in and fostered this railway? No. And it was almost worth the work to teach the people of the North self-reliance (applause). Discouragement? \\\What was there to dis courage ? lie had very carefully considered and weighed the arguments used for the rail way, and lie had watcled the intelligent manner in which the preject haid been brought by, reports, surveys, and other means before the: Government, of the colony. Then he thought he would look at the other side to see if these arguments could be met, and to soo whether they were defective, and if so, whether there was not ai remedy, and whether other arguments could be used. Where could that intelligence be met ? And that was our position. We brought intelligence, argument, and everything to show that the people had a good ease, and how had we been ,met ? One man (who some people said ought to know better--bt how could lie he expected to know better, fpr his fathor never taught him, ndil ho had not been at school long enough) said lie did'nt believe because hlie did'nt uderstand (laughter and applausoe). le did'nt under stand delving, and arches, and other works. It would be the same if it was proposed to make a railway over the Mountains of the Moon. lie would say lie did'nt understand it. And there was great humility displayed in the confessions of those mail, for anoother said " I can't see it." No, of course not; lie had no eyes to see it (laughter). Another said it was not plain enough. Yes, lie said that because lihe could not go into the calculations. ie was like a school-boy put to do a sum in addition saying " It can't be done." Could, the meeting expect anything dillerent? Could they expect to get out of mein wliat was not in them ? [hear, hear.] Could they expect to get light out of dark ness? Then they might go into the House, but they could not see the Government strings pulling members this way and that way [cheers andlaughter]. They most get behind Ihescenes in order to soeehowy the magpie flies and howis the ghost comes' up Far instance, one mem ber said--" I want the matter to bhe con sidered in committee so as to get further infor mation." Well the House did go into com mittee, but was that member present ? No; he was below all the time, and just came in to vote.. Was that the' way in which our legisla. tors gained information ? It was. The pro meteors took down light to meet darkness.. .,Thoy took down intelligence and clear proof to meet stolid indilfference, which would not be moved. But they had the satisfaction of knowing that the importance of the work was being strongly impressed on men dependent on the colony, who were beginning to see what .were their true interests. These men satw that if population decreased they would lose employment, and therefore it was that they were gradually turning round [hear, hear]. The Northern people hald shown a spirit of :self- reliance, and it had taken thernm seven years to do this. And •it was .his op,inion that if the people who had left the colony had been more self.reliant, they would have done. bettor (hear,' hear); for he knew persons who. had loft, the colony, and after seeing the good effecta of self.reliance :in the other colonies, haud returned with a determi nation' to depend more upon themselves in' future. This questiou:of railvays waisa greii element to bind to.eCther men of every clhsp thie laborer and theo.masoer, thoe profaionsil 'pumn ,and.,the harmor.-to assist1 ipcarryhng tlihm out, and . l it was ~,n n ap , this i-prijciple that. the' case was subi~t iit( to the Government. Ho was extremely plheised sWith a remark made by hMr. Douglas st.tt0 close of his speech ini the Hou's obf 4esimbl, in i'rot renco to" logrolling." ' bt"gniflomn said " thaint if they had goein, or 'ilog.rollim,' they might have' carriedi toliar emotion,. but they would not do so," "rh'obtiautoriof theb chmorne would have been lost bsy sauh cona duct. No, lt it stand on its 6wnnieitsn and lchiractor (htii, lioar); It was only n work of timne to conviilco thlose vhdiwerd so hard to onvinrac'. Every part of 'thlbo.ointry naust be benefted by such a work. They saw Ion tolligent men dependent upon population gra dually wgrking round. It would be a diffi cult mntter to get. those who wished to got, rid of villnecs and towns and get all the land t, themselves, but ownt tlhoy must como round at last. Hadid not wish to bring a railing neausation against thoso in power • but hlie would say that the pro moters must ido what they could to convince them-ignorant men must be put aside, and stupid men must stand down, and then the work wohld go oil (cheers). lbe considered our position at the presont moment was as high, as hopeful, and oecouraging for the future as we could have expected. With men of intelligence, men well read up to the pro. gross of the times, our position might have boon very dillbrent. Still we had only to go on with the work of enlighltoning, and in a few months the work would be commenced (loud rheerin.). Mr. Crookes rose again and said there wore two points to which he wished briefly to allude. In the first place certain parties had taken the trouble to circulate a report, more especially at Hobart Town, to the eflcet that if a rate were to be levied, it would be equal on all lands; that was-laud five or ten miles off wouldl be charged the same as that not more than a mile from the railway. This was altogether a mistake. The next point was that it had been industriously circulated on the Southern side that if a rate weroe levied, no gentloman would be able to borrow money on his property. That was falso, and was very absurd too, for the road rates did not prevent the borrowingofmonoy [Iohar]. Thcsowerefalla cies which operated prejudicially against the ailwnay. Mr. Crookes also stated that within the lanst few days he had received papers from Mauritius, a country which was chiefly a sugar-producing country, containing an in toresting account of the opening of the great railway. Sir Henry Barkly, formerly Go vernor of Victoria, took part in the proceed ings, and at the banquet which followed some most interesting speeches were made. One gentleman said he did not look upon the rail. way so much in the light of a more com. mercial speculation, its a means of. do. veloping and opoening up the country. And if railways were constructed here, they would have the same effect of developing the country (cheers.) The resolution was then put to the meeting and carried unanimously. Mr. W. J. Norwood rose to move the next resolution. After remnarking that he considered that the most propee, course to bring a resolu tion before a meeting was Ott read it before nmaking a speech, instead of afterwardes, and expressing a wish that thi:: had been done in the case of the first resolution, which was a very important one, Mr. Norwood read.the resolution he had to propose, as followsi. ob serving that he anticipated for it a wmar re ception:-? That the thanks of this meeting are'du, pre eminently to Adye I)ouglns, Esq., tor tiis earnest andt talented advocncy of the railwav measane in P.arlament; nnd also to those gentlemeu'wcao no ably supported himt on the late occasion. -' c [The resolution was received with land ap plause.] Mr. Norwood continued-Honor to whom hotnor was doo. He supjpostd the people of the Norftl would not be behind in according honor w!.cro they felt it to boe de served. It thereftbo tafforded inm great plea sure to move the aduo?:ion of the . eclation he had read. The residents, not merely in the North, but at largo throughout the colony, wore indebted to Mr. Douglas and those who supported him in his able advocacy of this im portant measure; for he (Mr. N.) held that the construction of the proposed railway would benefit the Southern and Midland districts as well as those in the North [cheers]. Ho had had both the honor and the pleasure of being in the hlouse of Assembly on last Tuesday weak and listening to tihe practical and' telling speechl of Mr..Douglas when moving the rail way resolutions. lio had also had-tho Ilea sure lie was going to say - but no ont could tell the mortification, humiliation, and disgust with which -ho lis toned to the nonseusoe talked by man placed in positions for which they were no more fit than ihe (Mr. N.) was to be Prime Minister of England [cheers]. They were only fit to drive a team of those animals spoken of by ono of the men holding the reins ofGobvern mont [cheers]. He regretted to havo to say so at such a meeting as that; hIt did not say it tnder the impulse of the mombut, as he sometimes did say things which he afterwards regretted, but in sober earnestness. 'He felt both sorry aind ashamed that such man hold the reins of power in a land like this; and that the interests of an island with such glorious prospects as those possessed by this should libe jeoprdised by beinig placed in the hands of suchl an imbecile set [cheers]. Never lhad Iho heard such reasons assigtied for op posing a scheme like that in point as 'were adduced in the House of Assembly' on 'the occasion referred to. There' was' in the liturgy or prayers of one of the churches -he did not remember which-a? clause Which says, " Teach our senators wisdom," and it struck Ihitm that verily, if there was any 'ohanto of such a welcome end being consum mihttd, the Northli might go'down on its:khces anil pray most fervently that bour senitors might be taught wisdom [cheers anrid laugiter]. -There .was-noother. country i_ allthiawsorld in which such a measure would meet with such ignorant, 'taidry opp'osition. Perhaps, libowever, he ought not to say all this. One could'not aleways see behind th hescreen, or 'divo right' into t man and understand his secret motives; and' perhaps, after all, there was some reasont for all lie had alluded to. But it was contrary to the spirit of the age, anod bhetwould like to see the blame saddled on the ,right horse. Tho.fault was not that of the people of Tasmanii. Thoro woro, hoe.aup posedi notrly one thlousand persons prpsant one that occasion, and there was not uaonet.tbhem but desired the success ofi the:measureo andt why ? Becausoe it was in keeping with the progress and spiritof the ago (cheers). (Mr.. N. hero made some remark in refronoo,to the Colonial Treasurer and progress which our re porter did not catch, but which:was received with cheers, a voice oxclaiming " Their hands are;too soft, they'cannot work," when Mr. N. continued]---Yes; and it was a pity that a pan could not be struck through , the £800 a year of some who obstructed tbohe progress of Tasmania [cheersa. It was a monstrous wrong that there should be pensioned on the colony men whoonly clog the wheels of our prosperity, and who, as Mr. Bilfo said in the House the other evening, were sometimes under the influence of certain inspiration [cheers and laugh. tr]." He was sorry thla tsuch should be' the case, but ho was certainly strongly under the impression that some members were affected by this inspiration when he was listening to them a few evenings since [laugh. ter]. '-Unless such had been the case, no onl could have uttered such twaddle as ho heard that night. The thanks of tihe meeting were, therefore, doe to Mr. Douglas, who had in the most able manner borne the brunt of the straggle-and it required no usual amount of plack to face the " bullocky" [laughter] oppo sition offered. But while the chief mode of praise undoubtedly belonged to Mr. Douglas, those who had so worthily supported him, and whoio names it was unnecessary to mention, must not be forgotten. lie (Mr. N.) was not very tall, but on this occasion hE would wil lingly put his hand over any political fence, however higlh, and shaking hands with his po litical'enomies, would say "Come, let us go together, because the interests of the whole colony are bound up in this measure;" and lie would say that that person had a puny heart who would not co-operate with a political op ponent in bringing such a measure to a suc cessful issnue [cheers]. It was known that he (Mir. N.)" was politically opposed to some who supported the Launceston and Western Railway scheme, but ho was willing to lay all differences aside, and join hands with them on this matter, because lie was convinced that the interests of the colony were bound up in it. He had had the honor to be sent down to Hobart Town the other day as a delegate on the railway question. It was a formidable task, and nothing but a strong senso of duty would have induced him to undertake it. lie saw the difficulties which presented theim solves, but he was willing to do anything which would tend to advance the cause. At the opening of the meeting at Ilobart Town, there were some unmistakablo signs of feeling, and' with such a prelude he certainly had fears that the meeting would prove ia very uproarious one; but he could bear testimony to the fact that as it went on a deep interest in the fsibject being brought under their notice took possession of the minds of those present. The unfounled apprehensions of many that the welfare of tlie South was en dangered by the scheme were dissipated, and they were led to see that the interests of North and South were a great deal more identical than they had thought they were; and finally a vote of thanks to the deputation for the in formation given on this important question was passed [cheers]. He lid not take credit to himself for this result. It was owing to the clear and forcible statement of one whom Tas mania'might be proud to claim as one of her eons-$ir Richard Dry [loud and continued applauseo]. He (Mr. N.) declared that ns a citizen he felt proud of him himself [hear, hear]. .It was an honor to occupy the plat form with him. Long might be continue to be an honor to the land of his birth [cheers] ! Long might heaven spare him to take the lead in progress [cheers]! After the meeting, hopes were entertained that even if : Mr. Douglas's resolutions were not carried by a majority of the House, there would be at least a tie-four teemasgainst fourteen; because it was thought that Mr. Lewis was wavering, that although he was previously opposed to th schelme, he had begun to seu that lie was not quite right [laughter], and there was a chance that he would vote favorably. Then there was another-Mr. James Lord-respecting whom some hopes were cherished. It was strange that in course of conversation with him [MAir. Norwvood] in the coach, Mr. Lord expressed himself in favor of railway commuunication. He was therefore expected to vote for thel Launceston and Westeru line ; but it seemed that he was in favor of a Hobart Town and Launcestonline-for which he was not to be blamed-but had not been sufliciently en lightened respecting the Western line, and nc. cordingly voted against it. Calculating thus on a tie, there was reason to believe that aMr. Balfe, Chairman of Committee, would give a o.ating vote in fitvor of the resolutions, and it was hoped that although they might not pass the UpperHouse, an implortant step ouild have been gained in tihe liet of their haviag passed the Lower. But thoe lhopes were blighted, and the measure was lost. lie was glad to see that the people of tih? North were not discouraged by this reverse. They were able to take the measure both of thel members of the House and of the Government [cheers]; and they would' be able to clear a road thirough them yet [cheers]. There was no reason why we sJould not persovere, and lihe was confident if we did so success would yet crown our et forts. . If eover there were a people who de served success, they were the residents of Northern Tasmania [hear, hear]. As Mr. Price had said, we were so constantly saying -' the Government won't do this, the Government won't do that," that we had got to be too dependent upon them. The recent reverse would lead us to greater self-reliance, which would carry us along in a right course, until all opposition was dead, and our object was attained [cheers]. There was no fear but what?'pdople possessing duo self-respect andil self-reliance would be successful in tihe end. He hoped that not a single eflort would be relaxed until thlobottle was iwo. Somuclh had beenoo said about railvays in general that there was no need for him to say anything on that point. He felt that every interest of the oolony would beadvaneeodby the 'gerral con struotion of railways. He had faith iq a rail.. way' betweenn Launeoston and Htloart Town. If there was inything whlch would tend to the advanceoment of the colony, it was that [cheers]. If every penny of the interest on the million and a half necessary for its con. struction wore paid out of the general revenue, the colony would still be a gainer. If for twenty years after its construction it only paid working expenses, it would provoe an immense benefit; the revenuo of the colony would be much increansed, and would be more easily raised than at present (cheers). Mind, hoe did not say the main trunk line should be made first. Not at all. B3ogin that and the Western line together if they liked; there could be no ab. jeotion to that. But he would not like to see the proposal for a trunk line abandoned. Ho would not, however, ask for a veto of £2,000 for a survey of the line. When he saw the intelligent Mr. Allison moving for such a sum, he was led to doubt that gentleman's sincerity in the matter. iHe might as well have moved for 10d. (lanughter). A sum of £10,000 could not be better employed that in obhtaiininga proper engineering survey of the line of road, and correct data to be laid before Parliameont. A main trunk railway would be the grand river into which numerous tributaries would flow, convoying to the ports at either end that which would be the means of building up the fabric of the wealth and material prosperity of the colony [clheers]. While we went in for the Launceston and Western line, let us do so equally for tile HIobart Town and Launceeston line. He hoped to live to seo the day when he could travel by railway to tihe Westward, to Fingal, to Hlobart Town, and to Macquario Harbor if they liked [laughter and cheers, amid which the speaker resumed his seat]. Mir. John Scott seconded the resolution, andi in doing so said lie thougrht it might have taken a greater stope, and been worded " That the thanks of tile Nrtorthern colonists are due," &c.; Mr. Douglar was the Champion of the North on this great question. lie had Always been foremost inr its advocacy in the Iloase of Assembly, and as the mecling had already been trol, had rtsolutely combatted tieia stolid indifference which prevailed in tile Ilouse on tie subjeit. 1re had suffered a defeat, but he (Mir. S.) hoped, to use a military mectaphor, that we hadt only retired into winter quarters, and that every effort would be made to harass the enemy, whtIhnI could be effectually done try cuttirg oil supplies (cheers). lie dared say that tmany opper tulities of showing that the North would not quietly sublmit to the treatlent they had received would present themselves. Doubtles-', when the question of ways and neans camne on, the North ern membllers would display a determination to aout the Ministry unless they consented to do us justice (cheers). lie hoped that the resolutlio would be carried by acclamation, instead of in the ordinary way. Next in value to tile approval of one's own colcience, was tile nppro hation of one's fellows, and ie therefore hoped the motion would be pasaed by ncclaiml. They hall already been ably addressed on the srhject of the railway, and as ihe had noth. inu to adrd to what had been said, lie wotild con tent himself by simply seconding tile resolution (chleersa). ar, .1. Ogilvie supported the resolution. lie said that he remembered a long time ago Ire used to believe that at the antipodes everything must be upside.down (Inaghter). The lapse oa years considerably modi. fled that jr'venile idea, and when on fidiaig his way to this side of the world hlie saw people waltk in eoll their feet instead of upon their heads it sutfered still further rmodifieation. Still when ihe looked around at eertain peculiarities lie could not but come to the conclusion that there was a kind of upside.downishtsss about tile place (laughter). For instance, if you looked over yona der, oni the other side, you found that the order of the day was progtessioo; whilst here it was re. trogression. 'T'here, thie opening up of tie re sources of the country was encorrrged, and a do termination to keep pace with the times was man faoted. Here, our resources were locked up, and a bar placed to all improvement; and we paidl nearly £3000 a year to three old fogies to - (loud applause) rendering the remainder of the sentence inaudible). After reading the resolution, the speaker went on to say it was a time-honorred custom that when a General returned from battl.: victorious, his fellow countrymen received him winth celamation; ii he fell in the field, a moon. meat to his memory was erected, Iris name was graven in history and was lhanded down withI Ionor to succeeeding generations. If a plenipoten tiery discharged with credit to his country the mission with whlich he was entrusted, ihe was honored in a similar manner. It betcame them, therefore, to accord their thlaks to 'tr. Douglas for tile manner in which he brought the railway before the Legislature (cheers); tnor must they lose asi:t of those w to supported himi. The mrea sure was one that ought to be Irought before 'arhalent witll all that earneslllness and itnpor tunity becorilng the r.dvoency of a measure felt to be of vital implllortance to t tile interests of the calony. Was it not as importa:lt in its place as tiho great Reform Iill ? The sappirters of the latter on their knees implored thre Legislature to give it the force of law (hear, hear). Ilut Iwhat deadlness wan exhiitedi in tihe Iouso of rAsembly on tile railway question I Why, there was olne of our own (I.oauceston) representatives whom hie (Mr. Ogilvie,) haJ heard use much more eloquence in endeavoring to prove some poor old woman guilty ofstealirn,g a tea kettle (laughter) than hIeexhibited in tie advocacy of this impor tant question (hear, hear). There was another -ihe voted for the railway, certainly ;--who said, " I will work for you, I will speak for you, I will do all I can for you; but, markt my words, you won ' get ill" (Inughter and cheers). When they read tihe spcechl made by thaint representative, they would see that hIe went in to clear himself with the promloters, inlstead of sincerely and warmly to support a me- slure of paramount importance to the welfare of tihe colony. After referrig to to the exodus Iron tihe colony, the speaker said if ever there was it time when such a scheIme as that proposedrl was neress.ry it was the present; but with the Ihon nale execlrtion of Mr. Douglas atnd the member for Norlolk Plainrr, Mr. Dodery (loud cheers), not a shladow of rearnestness was visible in the llouse. lie rcemmbered reading of one who rose to all eminlent position h Iris profer?ion that Ils success il Iris maiden address was due to tile fact that during the whole time lie felt as it his wifs ae s children were pulling at Ilis coat tails (Isughter). If any measuore required its supporters to be enrest, it was the Launceston and WVestere Rallvay lthemer Why-listen to this:--Onoe member says, " Why they want to force the thing dowo our throats, 'nnd ifestLh is iho 'case, they'J iild better ' Ohee.o it '" (fond applnuseo, and laughter). lie wonoll not detain them aiy longer, The Chalirmai, In pItting the resolutinn, said he thought the, ustnl form might _he dispensed with, and requested thle Ilteetlin to express thlleir opinlon in tile manner whl?h had been sograotedl: The asselnblage inmediately. rose to their feet in a body, and passed tie resolution with vociferous cheers. ' 1Mr. Dodery (who,,was. olled: for, and wsee warmly received) said that whilst Ihe reoturned thanks on behitlf of Mri.tDodgins'and the other members referred. to.lin the resolution, for the handsome manner In which itheir services thad been recognised, ihe'ntt say ihat'the meoeting had not overestlmated ,Mr. Dougins's ability (cheers). Without his lucid and complete ex planation there were many who-would not have apprehendled the merits of the question. Hio (ir. Dadery) honestly believed that some of the members who voted against the meansro hadi not even read the report of the Select Commitree prepared last year on the subject, and which con taimnl every ihnformation necessary to a right on derstandine of the matter. O)therwise such ig. norance as that which had been referred to wouil not have been exhibited. Some questioned the reliability of the statistics ardduced. Tlhere was Mr. IIayes-who Ite (AIr. D.) was sorry to sany was a native, stnd who boasted of being tile first native born-male. lie (Alr. I).) was glad to sea that some ilmprovement had taken plrce in the natives since Mir. II.lyes began his existence (cheers). The present gelirothiin-thons at ihe North at all events-were determined to go ahead i and lie thought there were ee lany in tile South who went with itus (cheers). The cry of North and South was dlistnaseful to some. lut lie had had an opporrtunity when in Ilioart'l T'own lately of lesting the feeling there both before and after thilegreat public meeting, and he found that there was a decided feeling i-a the South agaislt tie North. One contlemn eahil to him, "VWhy, I)odery, if you were to get that railway, it would take away all our miechanical" The fact was they were afraid nwe would go ahead, andi leave them behln I. And notwithstanding all they cant do, we must go lahead. le would like to see a railway betwcen this and Hobart 'T'own, but why should we standl still, while they are obtlaining infotrnmi'i about their proposed line. W\e bad everything ready, and all we asked of them was that they should help those who helped themselves. It hord been objected that the inhabitants of the railway district would not consent to become responsible for the proposed re- guarntee. Well, let them be tested (cheers). Mir. Sharland had called atten tion to the number of acres of land represented by those who petitioned against the scheme. But onumber of acres was no standard of intelligence (cheers). lie (DMr. Sllarland) also stated that the Messrs. Field, who represented 250,000 acres, were opposed. This statement both Ire (AMr. i)odery) and Mr. Douglas contradicted at the time. The fact was that ilaesrso John and W\lliam Fioild were in favor of the line : n r. Thomas Field being the only one opposed to it, anld he had said that Ire shoold like to see a rrahlway to Hlobart Town, for then he could supply the capital with beef (I'Oghter); and be (Mir. Dodery) dared say ihe could, trotwithstanidiag the number of Government bullocks there already. (cheers and laughter). Sitice he (Mr. D.) had come into town I h had seen that a discussilon had taken place in tihe House on a motion for tile placing of his name on a select committee ap pointed to devise means for bringing T'as tailtrlfns thomen from New Zealarld. Ieo thought Mr. Allison ball brought this matter forward at a very inopportune time just after the rejection of the railway resolutions. It should be scouted,, whrlen the very menasre which wouldn have ad the effect of drawilg thousands to the isltand Ilad been throani out (cheers). Air. Dodery then refetred to the miniverial reproductivo workf scheme, and sa:l ie did not call it a reproductive wolk to take people to outlnn.lish; uncultivated places to starve. lie nwon'ld like to ese tlilities giveln to districts already settled for the conveyance of produce to market. It struck hirn tht t the Colonial Treasurer, who evidently kneow nothing ibout tire merits of the scheme, would be glad to see it rejectedl. ie then went on to say our very existence depended on the ittroduction of rail ways. Wit were those who voted agait.t the Western line P With few exceptions, thollse who lived onil th other side of tihe isl.and. Dr. Slharland had stated that a gentleman re cently from Vi:rnria had advised hin to have nothing to do with railways, as they had proved a losing speculation in the neighboring colony. 'I'hat gentlemau was tir. Clarke-one who had boasted that ihe never made. any improvements on hiia property. \Was he the kind of man to whose opinion on the snhajct of railways any weight should be nt Inched P Ile (AIr. Douglas) felt sensi. tively upon the subject. lie had been rtotuted with, ' Why don't you gat a company P' Why, if ie hall £40.0,000 to spare-which lie was not likely to have-he would set to work at once himself (cheers). After a few additional obser vations, Mr. IDodery resumed his scat. Mr. W\Velbstr lmovel- "That the symparthy of the Southern colonists, as manifested in their reception of the Northern deleRgates, and Iby the present agitation of the railway question in lobart Town, deserves our warmest acknowledgments, which tills meeting now heartily necords; and further pledges itself to decreasedI determination and effort until the great' object of railway commounication is scured." lie said they could not possibly overrate the the cordiality of the reception necorded to our delegates to Hobart Town; and he thought that the interest awakened in the South with reference to the proposed railway, warranted us in distlissing from our minds all idea that jealousy of the North existed among the people of the South. however much it might in the breasts of their represenotatives. Ite emphntically denied that any jealousy to-. wards tlhe South prevailed in tihe North, on any' measure; anid lie holieved that when the South could brintg half as good a case as the North had made out, they would receive every support froin the latter (cheers). Schemes sech as the Laons cestor anrd Western Ranilway proposal were never set afloant without encountering opposition. The removal of this local jenlousy was referred to by Macaulay, who said--" Every means for.the improvement of locomotion benefits mankind morally and intellectually, as well as materially, and not only faceilitates the interchange of the no tional productions of nature and art, but tends to remove natural and provincial ntlipathles, and to bind together the various branches of the great hIman fimily." Tlherefore let us put aside all jenlousy; let them accord to the people of the South the warmest acknowledgments for their mantifested sympathy (cheers). The second part of tihe resolutiont applied to ourselves, anld con tainted thesecreit of the. wholo matlor-thnl we pledge ourselves 1to increased dletermination anl effort until ihe great qucstion of railway comm'-a I niation is se?nreud." On Stturdar last, slortlv afrntr the receipt, by telegraplh, of the intelligence of the r. jectint of the ralway resolutlions, lie 'heard u Ihnlrule member of the comilunity any th at he saw somoe gentlemen l ohling down their honda like htll.rushes, heun:ose they had not got theO railway. li?n woutl slightly demur to the metaphor of tihe bullrullhes, .a being t,,o mulch soymhbol of spirilltoe dejection. Teo)y might htve holhl down their helodls liku Ihe young I sapling before the wind, but only to raise it againo ammoatrioely to fae tile astorm (cheers). Thll, argoloents which had bheen used against the con struelio of the railway were most puerile. They just amounted to " \1e won't vote forit Iecause, weo want' (cheers). But opposition like that could not n:and long before earnest workers. In reference to tyranny ond oppression, the Duke of Argyle saidl, when dying, that he never believed thlat Poovidence osent a few moiitlnto the world nlreadyv ooled slid spurre lIto-rido, and many thousaolnds alreaody sddled and bridled to be, ridden. And he (Mr W.) felt thiat lis' chni montrity would not be thus-ridden upon byohsouro constituencijes lie did not use that term," ob scure scoostituelces" unadvisedly, o or without con aileratlion ando he would:gh to figures to show it. Seven men who voted agalnst the. Western Rail way eomeasn • represented t4,1,44 voters, whilst the five meombers for tile railway districts represented 10.466. This was a suggestive fact.',. Here were seven men, representing 14,144 ro!es, putting tbemsolves in opposition to the very life ' o 30,000 illdividuals, and at the head of theom stood, with great modesty, toe " Roarer Australia" (laugoter). tIe (the Colonial Treasurer)' was member for Glamorgan, and numbered a con stituency of 1118 ; IMr. Loewism-tl mlI1 in favor of a general railway policy, but opposed to the Vesatern line--Clarence, 1506; AMr. Gregsono Richmond, 161t0; oMr. Lord, Oatland', 2330; Mr. W. Shar larnd, Now Norfolk, 2600; Mr. Ilayes-the wonderful naivo--Brighton, 2808; and Mr Ilodggon, Soroll, 1982. The humbers for tlhe railway districts stood tllus :-Loogford (inc'od ing ltingwood), 5050 1 Westhbury, M.r. Douglos, 5400; Deloraine, Mr. C. Grant' :l300; tand l)evou,, Mr. ,Davies, 5416. Now whnt idea could thosoe mten represnotitng ?le obscure con stituen?nie referred to have of the requirementts of surelo districtl as those last named. 'rTe sooner they are enli?lhteedl the better. ' It would be worth the while of the Nortll to invite them to mIoke a tootr trough those districts, paying all their expenses; he Ielt convioced that.werO tlhis done thley would return to Iobart Town and hold oro both hands for tile Lautceslon and Western Railway (cheers). The - matter was now ill our own hands. The person to wihom he lhod previously referred il conneection with the ballrushes, wound up by, saying, "Never tmind, I'll have it." Let the meoting resolve, "Never mind, well have it;" and let emcn individual any deterllinately " I'll have it." If this were done, all opposition would 0melt away like snow before the sutmmer's sun (cheers). lie cruoted that in adopting the reso lution oe now submitted, they would do it in all Ilonesty. Above all, sincerity was necceosdary in this matter. False frlends, and wishly.washy, lhalfand-half friends, were obstacles rather than oof any uoe. lie wouol out with his own brotlier, if he sulffered to thie extent of £900'0 year, if tlis ulnlertaking were jeopardioed , by him.(cheers). There was no use ih saying, "I will do what I can foor you," and at thie sotmeltito be supliorting opponents through thick and thin (ehers) IlHe was convinced that this Railwaymust be either the salvation or tihe ruin of the enoatry, And be felt persuaded tlhat it would be the salvation, not only of the North, but of too whole til.mld of Ta?Ls:nia (cheers). IMr. White seconded the resolution, and in dolim so said lie saw before him the Iadvance guard of the gre?t Rllilway army. They were nlo disi couraged Iby the reverse they hadl suffered, bdil were determined to . go,: in . and win. Their recruiting officers-ia the shape of their delcnlees -ra t ' d ': bl'ed' into tile camp of those supposed,.to beenemies, but now proved to be frieonds, and hoad enlisted many under that railway banner. Ignorance was' i said to he the curse of God, and when they saw. thle opposition and ignorance which was die. played by some, they might indeed aoy ignorance was a curse, atld in this case a double- one.:,. A greater set of swindlers never. sat on the Trea sury Benches (cheers and laughter). Whd ti~ ie said swvidlers, lihe meant political swindlers. They entered upon office under false preteues; they promoised a reduction of hurdeno, and many other things which they had not doneoNever mind,e even thee there might be, seen .on the wall behind the Treasury Benches-" Aeone, mene, tekel upharsin--Thoou art weigled iii'the baloanes ond found wanting." The present; oe. copants would ere longbe replaced by better men. They would go out of office bankrupt--without charneter or influence. Mlr. leredith came: in patting his coat pocket, and saying he had got there a scheme or the regeurratlion of the colony. Wha:t had that saclheme turned ootnto be?. Stamp lduty, lackahl duty, carriage tax, froJu,tsxatlooo on evertlhing. Vote iae nudlen?e coatiotL to sufler tllis? Let tlhem make "No Surrender" their motto. 'The day was not, far0distant when the whllisle of the lRalway would be heard in this island. The Railway qnuetlon occupleid a better positionat the prevent timethn: ever pre viously; its army was larger nd: better mar shalled, it was gaining friends'in the South, nnd its supporters might rely on ibltinately gainlng the vi.tory (cheers). . Time will show the colors of all. Our detenrminatlio must be to'cg on, over the necks of falseo friends and enemies' i neees sar', hot we moast go 00 (aplplause). Ar. White conctdllu.l by reading the resotltion. 'AIr 1V. T'yson:apoke hin: support of' the -resolu tion..: H orget the meeting to continued activity and earnestness In thbo'iroonition of ti0e raiwaty quebtlon, remarking that' as far as hew was con cerned he wouldnaever-glve in, whilstrhe had one to biack ' him. He alluoted to his reeent visit to thoecapital as one of the delegates fronm the North, and reiterated and corroborated the statemenls of pre?ttis' speakers te to the puerility of the %rgu mlents brouglit'tforward by opponents 'of the scheme., le expressed the conviction that som' uttered what they well knew to be fllse, Inst.ne ing Mrr. Kuight's contradiction of Mr. Douglas's statement t; Ihat , tho' Victorian linesn had paid ?) per cent, and ir. IK.'s assertion that the per 'centage, eceorolinic to a calculation made by himself, was only 2.84. In order to ans certlitn whether or not .Mr. Douzlas had made a mistake. hoe '(Mr: Tyson) exutnined the stntistics of the Victorian llues, ind .le found that AMr. D. was right, and that tho.2.84 per cent. had been made by includlng in the bcalc'lltion' the cost of lines not in working order. AIr. Tyson expressed the opinion, that the Launceston and Western lille woultl pay six per cent., and t aid tlhat thousands on the other side believed so to. lie eonograulated the meeting on the fact that tile do?, pullntion had leftt te inhabiltaots of Hobart 'Towneoo railway pcople, and:nian 'of then, he beloieved, Lauuceston nd Western "Railway. prople.. le did, not wlob to . misled, but hl be. Ilvod.thb proumotera 'of the Western llno might calculate on very able support on the other sido of the Inland. Mlr. Tyson ronnluded by re. marking thait o mn?th kindlier feeling nos appa rent aoter the recent neeting, as tilhe peoule begin to see that the oausoawas a fair one-that wN dt?l not wish to throw dust in their eyes, Mr. WVebeter whited the mreting to understand that if they pansed itle resolatlon before them it would be equivalenttto a declaration of war, and a supply of the sinews of war would be rendered necessary. The itallwiwy.Bazlsr was to take place next week. mid arrangements were being made to take tlio moaey out of the pockets of the publie in tile inost plensing manner. lie truoted they would do their best to encourogr the ladies In the efforts they were smaking. 'lMr. II Dowling then ascended the platforin, add was received with' lood cheers. After a few introductory observations, he proceeded to any that what tmadte our mortitcateiou the more bitter was the fact that we had' been placed in this fix by the votes of Northern members themselves. If Mesars Itose and Knieght had doti? their duty' the votes' would have been fourteen to fourteen, and' then Mr.Bsifle's castirg,rote wold have carried the matter, nod 'the- bill. would. have:, been placed before the Parliament (hear, hebr). It was .important that, as Mr. Norwood Ihad suggested, hands should he shaken over political differences,' and thait all should work together for the accomplishment of tile great object In view. There must he united nocion, and care should be taken that a mnan like tile Colonial Treasurer,: whose opposition to the Western iallway scheme has been ever apparent, should not be fled on his visits here, by tile Chief tMagistrate, and be spoken of no a friend of Launceston. We must cheriseh a determination to prosecute the work; and lie, for one, would regard the man who took up a position like that occupied by the Colonial Treasurer as a common enemy. The resolution was then put, and was carried by acclamation. On behalf of the gentlemen who cot up the meetine, Ihie Chairman then thanked thle audience for their attendance, and the patient hearing they had accorded to the speakers. The usual vote of thanlks to the Chairman was pased ' by nee!nmation, and having been duly ackoiwlidged, three cheers were given for the Queen. The meeting, which had been of tihe most oederly and enthusiastic character, separated' shortly after ten o'clock. = . 