jSumraatg FOR ENGLAND IFOLITICLA-Xj. It is not gratifying that we are bound to include under this head an event which we would fain regard as a striking instance of the social advancement of the colony; but certain it is that the ceremony of the cutting of the first sod for the first Queensland railway, which took place on the 25th ultimo, has come to be regarded rather as an exhibition of the small confidence which the government has in its railway policy than M a becoming commemoration of the initia- tion of a great public work, to the success of which all classes of the community can look forward with any reasonable hope. That such is the feeling of most people we are free to confess. Over and over again has the danger of this young; colony experimenting in such costly matters as railways been pointed out, and frequent have been the warnings to the government to have some regard for the experience of older and more affluent communities; but unreason and dogmatism prompted the adoption of the narrow gauge railway, and also every answer to the objections urged against it. The government hesitated not to forfeit any little pretensions it once had to business-like capacity by recommending a work that has neither precedent nor . parallel in the world; and, reckless alike of truth and good faith, it has not scrupled to imperil the credit of the colony by proceeding with the railway after having been placed in possession of conclusive proofs of the unsound- ness of the undertaking and its unsuitability for the purposes required. Withal, its daring confidence is moderating, from the sheer impossibility of prosecuting a false policy without committing blunders that lead to enquiry and exposure. Our previous Summaries have shown the nature of the Government transactions for raising the loan for the railway, and in taking -contracts for the work. Nothing so plainly told the effect of the exposure of those transactions as the subdued tone of Ministers on the recent festive occasion, everything concern- ing which is fully reported in our subsequent columns. When the Secretary for Lands and Works responded to the toast proposed in honor of himself and colleagues be failed to take advantage of the opportunity to blow, as is customary with him, the Ministerial trumpet he merely got up a shrill railway whistle that had something of alarm 11 it. So failing before an Ipswich audience was the more remarkable, from the fact that in speaking to it he was addressing his own and two of his colleagues' constituents. The railway demonstration without a great; speech from Secretary Macalister was like the presentation of the play of "Hamlet" with the part of Hamlet left out pandit could have been no common occurrence that made him play the Ghost. He certainly disappointed his friends. No other members of the ministry touched upon public affairs. If we refer to the observations of his Excellency the Governor, in reply to the complimentary addresses of the citizens and Council of Ipswich, we discover nothing more noticable that his tone of con- ciliation direc- till towards that section of the community with which he had a late difference anent its right to address him with free speech upon the misconduct of his advisers. In all else, he was simply civil and appropriately apt in his quotations from the authorities of Downing-street, Another episode in the dispute which has arisen out of the appointment of the Brisbane Water Commission is the exhibition of offended small dignity by the hon. the Colonial Secretary at the publication of the citizens' petition to the Duke of Newcastle on the date of the despatch of our last Summary. What right the first minister has to question the conduct of the petitioners we are at a jobs to discover; but in justice to him we give his letter as it was forwarded to us for publication, enclosed in one addressed to ourselves: (To the Editor of the Courier.) Sir-As the accompanying letter from the Colonial Secretary, which was received by me this morning, may lead to a belief that the memorialists referred to therein have been attempting to provoke a further correspondence on the subject or the petition to the Duke of Newcastle I think it right to inform the public that they have not done so, and that when they had placed their memorial in the hands of his Excellency for transmission, and made the public acquainted with what they had done, they considered their task completed. As the Colonial Secretary asserts that the petition contains numerous misrepresentations, I may be pardoned for saying that I am not aware that it contains one; and that notwithstanding his assertion, I am not afraid, from any statement that petition contains, of being placed in the awkward position which he himself occupies in the correspondence attached thereto, namely of having to apologise for, and confess to a very unfair mere presentatlon. I am, Sir, yours, Sec, George Raff. Brisbane, February 24 1861. Colonial Secretary's Office, Brisbane, 23rd February, 1864. Sirs-I have the honor to acquaint you that his Excellency's responsible advisers will not imitate the very unusual course which has been pursued by the publication in the newspapers of an ex parte statement, such as the petition to the Duke of Newcastle, before it had been submitted to her Majesty's government ; but at the proper time and in the proper quarter, it liney be thought advisable to correct the numerous misrepresentations, and to supply the numerous omissions of that document. 2\. This could not be done by the last opportunity, because the petition was delivered for transmission on the 17th instant, only a few hours before the time advertised for the evening of the mail, although the memorialists had nearly four weeks for its preparation since the meeting at the School of Arts on the 21st ultimo. 3\. This letter will receive the same publicity that was given to your petition, but further correspondence on the subject will be declined. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your most obedient servant, RORKE G. W. IIEBUERT. 0\. Raff, Esq., M.L.A. etc., etc. It is very plain from the above that the Government is very sensitive upon the subject of the petition to the Secretary of State for the colonies; and it is equally plain that it apprehends a decision adverse to Itself. Ministers have begun to look on a change as amongst the things that are probable, and that they cannot control; but their abject fear of a reverse is as amusing as their deserving of it is certain. It will be well for them to prepare to retire from office with a good grace; for it is certain that three out of four of them must bid an eternal farewell to place and power whenever the impending change occurs. The registration of Parliamentary voters is just now exciting more than ordinary attention. Under the Constitution Act, the revision of the Electoral Roll takes place this week. Owing mainly to the influence of an association of citizens an unusually large proportion of men, claimants for the franchise has come forward; and the same association be taken measures to purge the roll' of spurious uameB. Ab the principals in this movement are in the liberal interest and include several members of Parliament who act in opposition to the government; the ministerialists have taken the alarm and initiated proceedings to defeat if possible the popular expectation that the voting power of the city will be largely increased. A section of the Queensland Club, which include all the members of the Ministry and the members of Parliament who consistently support them, has commissioned one of its number, an astute lawyer, to act in the matter ; and he has, we believe, issued a very large number of notices of objection to electors who are already registered. The proceedings of the forthcoming Revision Court promise for once to possess interest. On Monday evening Mr. George Raff, the senior representative of the city of Brisbane in the Legislative Assembly, delivered a valedictory address to his constituents on the eve of his departure for England. As one of the most prominent members of our Parliament, whose capacity for dealing intelligently with financial questions is generally admitted, his address was regarded with considerable interest and as it is proper that at this time every facility should be afforded to the public at home founders and the position of the colony, we give here that portion of " our member's" speech which more particularly relates to finance :? ? It will be necessary for me to prove my asser- tion that the government are expending a sum enormously in excess of their income, because the Treasurer when he made his statement to the house presented you with a very different picture. ' He was happy to say that they had been able to keep within bounds without any fresh taxation on the inhabitants. He had not the slightest hesitation in saying that he believed the estimate of revenue would be fully borne out when the year I ended. It was a matter of congratulation that at the close of the year a sum of £-20,851 would be the whole amount of the deficiency.' He was here speaking of the year 1863. 'Hoestimated the revenue in 1864 at £417,250, which would leave him a credit balance on 31st December, 1864, of a 11,083.' Perhaps after comparing what I predicted at the time the Treasurer made his statement with the ascertained results, you will be more inclined to put faith in my present opinions. I will, therefore, read to you what I said. I have been quoting, and now quote, from the report of the debate in the ' Courier of 3rd August Inst:? Mr Italy' could not at all agree with the honor- able Colonial Treasurer in his conclusion that at the end of 1964 there was a probability that there would be credit balance in hand of £11,000; and if they take the Colonial Treasurer's own figures they would find it merely a delusion to imagine that the deficit for the present year would amount to no more than 220,0! taking the most favorable view of the matter he believed that the deficiency would be found to amount to from £80,00" to £100,000. Now let us look at the result, and to simplify my statement I will take the result of the treasurer's own statement to begin with. The result of his statement is a debit balance at the end of 1863 of only £20,851. Now the first addition I have to make to this balance is one you can easily understand. It is the difference between his estimate of the revenue for 1883, £350,000, and the amount actually collected, £309,112, say £40,888. The next addition is a sum of £35,000, which he calls the probable balance of unexpended votes for 1863, available in 1861, and deducted from the expenditure in 1863 that it may be added to that of 1864. Now I protest against, the you will easily see the fallacy of his carrying forward as a saving for 1861 what has been appropriated for 1863, and what is being expended and will soon have to be paid. 1 will show you by-and-bye that there will be quite enough to meet in 1864 without this unexpended balance. The Treasurer lins deducted another sum which I think he should not have taken into account at all. He deducts from the expenditure in ISGAR sum of £10,000 as the probable saving on some votes. I think he would have only done right to consider this balanced by the probability of excess of expenditure in other votes ? but I will give him the benefit of this sum, as I do not wish to admit any doubtful item into my calculations. Now, after adding to the Treasurer's deficit of £20,851 the two sums or £40,888 and £35,000, we have a total deficit at the end of 18G3of£9G,73D. You will recollect that I predicted it would amount to from £80,000 to £100,000. Again, he estimated the revenue for 1864 at £417,250. I estimated it at £350,000, which is an increase of 15 per cent, on the revenue collected in 1863, and for this increase I rely on the customs entirely. I still think this the amount likely to be collected, and I will be pleased if the revenue for the present year does not fall short of it. To convince you that the Treasurer's estimate is an absurd one, I have only to tell you that one of the items helping to make up his total is £100,000 for the proceeds of land beyond what is paid for in land orders. I pointed out that this was a sum far in excess of what he could hope to receive. If he had put down £40,000, I would have found no fault, and I am convinced that there is no - probability of more being received. The estimates in-chief for 1864 amount to a sum equal to what I calculate will be the amount of revenue collected in that year. There are some supplementary estimates for 1864 already passed, and Judging from the past, we may fairly calculate that those passed and to be passed will amount to at least £60,000, and this sum added to £90,739 which I have already clearly shown you was the amount of the deficiency at the end of 1863, will show a deficit at the end of 1804of £150,739, a very different picture from the Treasurer's; but this is not all. When I turn to the particulars of their loan for 1863 I find that the sum to be borrowed for " roads, bridges, etc," is £83,930, and on examination I find that the sum to be expended in bridges and a punt for Gayndah amounts to about £7000, for the construction and repair of roads, £70,000. Now roads have never been; considered by the parliament a productive work, and rich try so, for they yield no revenue from tolls, and often they are cut-up and destroyed in a year; no provision has been made for the repayment of this loan from any special tax, therefore this sum should properly be charged to the ordinary expenditure for 1861, and if so charged the debit balance at end of 1864 will he increased to £232,739. Do you think, after looking at the real state of our affairs, that the Treasurer believed when he made his statement that there would be a credit at the end of 1964 of £11,083. I do not, and I will tell you why. The first item on the loan for 1863 is £100,000 for immigration, and when this item was being discussed, the Treasurer, In answer to a question from myself, stated first that it was wanted because the land] orders were not provided for, and when I replied that the lands of the colony was the provision for the land orders, he stated there was a deficiency and he wanted to Hart fair. I think, gentlemen, that this is good proof of my statement that they deceived you; it is good proof that they looked at the certainly of a deficiency, and a large deficiency too. You will find that part of this sum of £100,000 will go towards payment of salaries or deficiencies, for, of course, the deficiencies are caused by the payment of so many salaries. Yet in these calculations no account has been taken of the interest upon the railway loan, which will form a serious item in our future expenditure. Mr. Raff goes home by the outgoing mail steamer, and he carries with him the good wishes of all sorts of people that he may have a pleasant voyage to the land of his birth. He will probably return to the colony in a year. Already candidates are putting forth their claims to the vacancy which the resignation of Mr. Raff will leave in the representation of North Brisbane. We fear that whoever succeeds him will not be able to sustain a favorable comparison with him. 