iTfEM'S:' O F li E W S , A lecture will, in a few days, be delivered; by the Rev. Mr Wyatt, in the Hall of the Burlce's : Mechanics' Institute, Fryerstown. Subject — ; The Chemistry of the Air. The' proceeds will be applied" towards liquidating the debt on the . building. The third anniversary of the Bible Christian Sabbath, school, Cornish Town, Spring Gully, was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, 17th and 18th inst. On the Sabbath Messrs Teague, Willan, and Tonkin preached appropriate ser mons to large and attentive audiences ; a few select pieces were also recited at each service, and the teachers and- children sang several hymns and anthems very creditably;, conducted by Mr Richards, on the harmonium. On Mon- day at 4 p. m. the children were treated with tea, cake, and grapes. Teas for the public com menced at 6 p.m., which was so largely patronised that it was nearly eight o'clock when the public meeting commenced. According to advertisement,. S. Kelsall; Esq., M.B.O., pre sided over the business of the evening with his usual ability. The speakers were Messrs Dar lington, Williams, Tonkin, Teague, and Foreman, who were listened to with marked attention by the packed audience in the: chapel, and many at the door, unable to get inside:. Several pieces were recited eliciting the applause of the dense congregation. Among the number the following may be noticed as particularly interesting: — "The Children in the Wood," "Beside the heap of Hay," " The Prodigal Son," " The Akenliam Ghost," and a dialogue between "A Drunkard and an Abstainer." The choir, under the able direction of Mr Richards, did admirably. The Secretary's report was very encouraging. It stated that there were in the school upwards of 60 scholars, under the training of two superintendents and 28 male and female teachers. A library, containing about 40 choice works had been added during the year. The receipts for the year were upwards of £22, and the disbursements between £15 and £16. A vote of thanks to the Chairman for his able ser vices, to the ladies for the excellent tea they had provided, and to Mr Richards for his: kind ser vices at the harmonium, concluded the business part of one of the most pleasant- of anniversary treats. The benediction pronounced, the friends separated, very delighted with the entire ser vices. We find thatj notwithstanding the warnings which we have felt' it our duty to give in refer ence to registration, on more than one' occasion, ' so that all who are entitled1 may secure the privi- leges of the franchise, the applications tlirough- out the- division liave been but few, some one or ' two in a month. Whether it is ignorance, po litical apathy,, or the .registry fees , which deter 'personsdrom- recording their names; we cannot .say,, but we feel certain that at- the next election there will be found many persons who, on ten dering their vote, will discover that they are: disfranchised. The electoral rolls for the various divisions can be seen' at the offices of the respec tive registrars, and' we recommend all those who estimate- the suffrage at something more valuable than a niess of pottage, to inspect them and, see .that. they are duly registered, as the 80th of the month is: the last day of registration. Mr-' Farroll, watchmaker and jeweller, of Market Square,, has shown, us some beautiful Geneva silver keyless watches, which he lias re ceived direct by the last mail. These watches have been made to specification forwarded' by Mr "Farrolh and we are informed that the principle upon which they: are constructed is a novelty in +T»ic nnl Ant' Til nv m'O- -ipxvtdlpd itv t.liirtppn holes,- and are wound up by an arrangement- affixed. to the handle, . Without the- necessity of using a- key". By- this- contrivance; any necessity for opening the case is avoided,, and" it is impbs- isible to overwind-, them. By touching. a- small spring the: winding-screw- is made to move- the \- hands: backwards or forwards: at- pi ea. sure, -so that the watch .may. be" set " without opening'1 the glass. The arrangement appears- tov us to- be : exceedingly ingenious; ; : '' We are very pleased to hear that'the'probeeds ofthe-soiree at- tlieMechanics' Instituteou. Tues day-evening, will not only clear all. the preliminary ; expen ses, but cover- the' cost/of laying: on the gas-: to the Institution' (about £20.) Wc" have also to notice,, in connection with the affair, a dona- : tion- from- Mr. J. AV Panton- of four' boxes' of splendid grapes,, , which were much- enjoyed by those present on the occasion. . The feast of the Paschal Lamb; or " Passover,'' as it is more generally" termed, which is .parti cularly observed by: those of the Jewish per suasion; commeneed-yesterday at'surrdoWh. The establishments of some of our storekeepers willy: on this account, he closed.' today. W e see by advertisement tbat'a pigeon match, or rather a series of matches, takes place to morrow (Friday);-at the Glen'gower Hotel. The. usual Volunteer Band- Promenade-Con cert, in the Market . Hall; was- yesterday evenihg- very, well attended. Of the manner in which the various- pieces- of musicrwere rendered we cannot speak- too: highly. . All were fully appre ciated by the audience, and in many cases warmly applauded. Gastlemaine was for some I timecelebrated- for the. efficiency of its volunteer I bandy and'in- these- days, when: on. other gold ' fields-:' townships the,: bands, are-- becoming - dis organized, andy nr. fact failing1 altogether, it is mosLgratifj'ing-tOibe able to notify the musical 1 and increased popularity of our " own-- institution, I which we feel sure will always be., supported, by \ the public, as long as Its members: exhibit such ( laudable energy in- producing novelties- "as they 1 have done lately. We regret to find that, though some of the midnight depredators who a short time since in fested the township have met with their deserts, petty theft still continues. A few nights since, Mr Tulloch, of Market Square, lost a box of tobacco from his store, and Mr Leonard, of Barker street, was robbed Of a ham. Tlie Gastlemaine Hides, numbering upwards of a hundred rank and file, accompanied by the? Maldon contingent, above forty, together with the Gastlemaine Band, left town by the 8.20 train for battalion drill at Sandhurst. The train brought a number of the Kyneton com pany, the _ whole force numbering about 200. Captain Couchraan had charge of the 1st and 2nd Castlemaine, Captain Ogilvie of the Maldon cqhtip gent, and Captain Powlett of the Kyneton men, Lieiit.-Col. Bull being, of course, in coni- : mand. On arriving at the Sandhurst railway station they found the Bendigo Volunteer Rifles, between 40 and 50 in number, under Captain J. II.:Taylor, under arms to receive them; and the whole, force having been formed into five divi sions, marched, preceded by their own band and the; Sandhurst drum and fife band, to that por tion of the Municipal Beserve opposite the Five. Lions, where, having marched past and executed some battalion movements to the satisfaction of the commanding officer, and; it beginning tp grow dark, the men Were marched through the town, up Bull street, and so on to the railway station, where; having; had- Afew':-';m'inutesi''xest, :;theyw'ere;kgai- packed into the carriages1, and all arrived safely in; CasUeffiaine : at a 1W mi nutes past 8 o'clock. This is the last battalion drill or parade which will take place before the winter. .-'/ v . The Anniversary of the Eight Hours Move ment will be celebrated to-day by a procession' and a fete at the ! Wattle .. Flat Recreation \- Ground, concluding witli a dinner at the Crim- berl and Hotel. The procession starts for the ground at 10 o'clock. " We have received ; the April .number of tlie Australian News. Apart from the letterpress, which is very compendious, we' have several en- . gravings more or less illustrative of colonial life and usages. Some per trails, canine of course, from the Dog Show of Melbourne. The Yolun-. teer encampment ; the front elevation; of the J ewish Syn agogue in Melbourne, and a fancy portrait of Gardener, the. Claude du.Yal of Hew South Wales. It would, no doubt, be found a very acceptable present to home friends. Mr Engineer'-in-Chief Higinbothani, "with some gentlemen of his staff, passed through Castlemaine yesterday afternoon by express train, in order to survey some portion of the .works at present in progress. . ; ; We are requested to call the attention of those interested to a meeting called for this evening at the Boyal Hotel, in reference to the formation- ' of the Sir Heliry Barkly Mining Company. We understand that during yesterday Mr J3. Butterworth received an invitation to form one of the Twenty-two to play in the final A. E. Match in Melbourne. It is hardly' necessary to say the compliment (?)' at the eleventh hour was ; declined. : The followinc is the return of her Maiestv's gaol, at Castlemain'e, up to the' ,1-7 tK instant : — For trial, 13' . males ; under;sentence; hard la bour, r 20 men, 3 women ; imprisonment, 12 men, 3 women ; fines, 1 male, 1 female ; in default of bail, 2'; debtors, 5 ; lunatics, 2 males, 2 females; gaol hpspital, 2 men, 2 women. Total, 53 males, 11 females. The following; insolvencies hare been registered in the sheriff's office William Hughes, Sand hurst, principal of the Sandhurst Grammar School. Debts; £207 30s ; assets, £53 19s 6d deficiency, £153 10s 6d. Causes/of insolvency— Wrongful seizure and sale at under value by one William Henry West; of my household furniture;, and books ; from libellous- articles referring to me, published in the Bendigo Advertiser on 15th aud 16th January last ; and from pressure of circum stances. Official assignee, Mr Moore. — Andrew Patterson, of Sandy- Creek, near Sandhurst, late dairyman and storekeeper, but now out of business. Debts, £116 18s; assets, £20 10s;" deficiency, £96' Ss. Causes of insolvency— From losses by fire and absconding of debtors, and pressure of creditors, losses in consequence- of death of cattle by pi euro-pneumonia, and from general- depression in trade. Official assignee, : Mr Goodman.— William- Smith, of Inglewood, miner. Liabilities, £63 5s: 3d:- assets, £7. Causes of insolvency, sickness in family, losses in- mining- speculations; pressure of credi tors', and want of employment-. Official assignee, Mr E. Courtney'. W e furnish the following progress report of the Eleven of England y Twenty-two of Balla- rat, from the telegrams of- the- Melbourne papers. The match was commenced on Mon day. Tinley, who had met with an accident to his shoulder while travelling from Maryborough to Ballarat, was unable to play, and- stood um pire. The weather was fine, but -bitterly cold, and the attendance, considering this circum stance, very fair— probably about 1000 persons . during' tlie" afternooh. The' Eleven' went in first : " Grace and Tarrant opening . the innings. Grace was soon out, and Tarrant did not' stop long. Carpenter played a verjr patient innings, being at the wickets for over four hours without giving Achance, and carrying his bat out for 49. 1 Caesar hurt his hand, and had- to retire for a ' lime: One or two fine- hits were made by Car penter and Caffyn over the stand. The bowling : at time's was very indifferent, and' the ? fielding very bad. Two wickets were- dtiwri up to the time' of drawing the stumps for 141 runs". Plny was resumed' on Tuesday, with the following re-.- , suit :— All England Eleven- First innings; — Grace, h Morres,,6-; Tarrant, c SweeDey, b Wills,. 7 ; Garpentei-j C Marshall, b Sa-unders, 121 ; ; Hayward;: c and b Bryant,-15 ; Cfesar, c Windus, b Bryant, 11 ; ; Caffyn; . c; Scales,, b II. S-rviilU OA "PQinv n T T\yFlv»»i»a-rr . r « V ' V- AUWUttJJ , u t T IJIO, vu Lockyer",- c Scales," b Grdaves, 7 ; Clarke, c Marshall; b GfeaveSj 6 ; Jabkson, b Greaves, 0 ; Tinley, not out, 0 ; bres, 40 ; leg' byes, 2 ; wides,; 2 ;- no- balls, 2 total, 310. We learn, from" st gentleman who arrived by tlie last train . from Melbourne, that the Ballarat- Twenty-T-wo were defeated yesterday by the one innings of the A.-E. Eleven , but our telegram- gives- no in-: telligence on thesubject-.- The Byhefon; 05sisri;er records a great.yield of ; oats near- Lancefield.- " A field of- Tartarian ' oafes, '"says our contemporary, " sown! by Mr William HarriniaU; of Eden Yale, Lancefield, has produced the- most" unpreceden ted yield of ninety bushels to the acre." ' The following, instance of destitution ou Sand hurst; and- how'tliey" get' rid of it; has come to our knowledge. ; A poor woman, evidently ,im necessity; .anff iheifcumstaneeSich\vilishortly; require' ah extension of sympathy, waited' on one-' of the gentlemen connected with the Benevolent' Asjlumy and- requested assistance,- stating that; she had " just como down from Bendigo,.- where-' ;he;llad: been fm;eiying out-deor relief from the- Benevolent Asylum, her- passage having been paid> by. Mr M'clntyre " (the Mayor' o'fi that- Borough.):: If this is the way they shift' "their responsibility by "passing on" their indigent; : poor we shall: soon be in- a most unfortunate po sition. We understand, says the Kyneton Guardian, that one of the station masters upon the Mel bourne and Sandhurst Bail way has been sus- pendediunder rather peculiar circumstances. On Sunday evening, week the Hon. Mr Grant and : Mr.-. Higinbotham were passengers by the up- train: to Melbourne, which was attended by the station- master in -question, who had his coat off. For this trifling. irregularity, and on a charge of- a more serious nature to which it probably gave rise, the officer has been suspended. It is stated that he was dressing to go to church when the train arrived at, the station, and that there are a number of witnesses ready toN substantiate that -the graver accusation canpot be sustained.. This is the last of the unfortunate man, Mr Francis, whose fate was for so long a matter of. mYstery, but whose body is at length found, under circumstances which weffiave already . re lated :— " The funeral of the late Mr John Francis took place at Creswick, says the Star, on Tuesday afternoon, and was an imposing ceremonial About 400 persons were in attend ance, comprising the various societies of .Eree-. masons, Oddfellows, Foresters, and local Eire Brigade (the deceased having been a member of each) besides a long line of equipages and_horse- men. The flag of the Fire Brigade was hoisted at the engine-house half-mast high, and the shops and places of business were, with few exceptions, closed.. The funeral left the late residence of the "deceased kbout three o'clock, and proceeded along Albert-street to the cemetery. _ On arriv ing there, the various orders opened out, and the coffin was carried between then! to the gates, where it was received by the Bev; Mr Pollard. The procession then re-formed, and proceeded to the grave, when the funeral, service of the Church of England .was read by Mr Pollard. After this the Masonic funeral service was read by Brother Ayres, the W.M. of the Creswick Havilah Lodge, who, at the conclusion, dropped the P.M. apron of the" decased into the grave. Each brother then walked round the grave, dropping into it as he passed the sprig of acacia previously carried by him. Brother IV batman , the 0. B. of the Foresters, also read the funeral service of the Foresters. The - grave was then filled in, and the procession left the cemetery for Creswick, in the same order as that in which it had arrived. Amongst the many Masonic visitors , were P.M. Steinfeld, Solomon,- arid Ahrens, froiiil .Ballarat, . and Sutherland, from Clunes. Huniber s of gentlemen from the agri cultural parts of the district were also present, for all classes appeared to' have united in follow ing to its last resting place the body of one whose loss will long be regretted." A frightful and fatal accident befel Henry John Smith, blanket washer, in the engine- house of the Eclipse Cement Crushing-Company, Hard Hills, Buninyong, at ten o'clock, on Mon day night, The unfortunate inan had no occa sion to . expose himself to the risk he ran by passing from the engine-house to the platform arid back again by means of the ; pump-beam, though such was the mode ordinarily tised. , He riras retufriirig, after making a request to the erigirie-driver, when one of liis feet was caught by . the bearri as it rose. He put Put his left hand to save himself, and eaught hold of the spur-wheel, which was revolving rapidly. In so doing his body was laid on the wheel, which carried him over. He wasriffitaediately crushed to pieces between the spur and pinion wheels. Tlie body came up without the head, which was lying below the wheel, arid the bowels were torn out arid wholly displaced. The engineer stopped the engine immediately he discovered the mischance,- but too late to be of any avail. The deceased had been eleven years in the \- colony, was forty-three years of age, married, had one child, and was born in Limehouse, Middlesex. An inquest- was held on the en suing day, when the jury returned a verdict in accoi'dance with the facts. The Grenville Advocate gives the following itJuL reference to two nttie stray ciiucuen : — Saturday aftefrioori, two children of Mr Kemp's, miner, Surface Hillj Linton, aged respectively four and six years, who. had been out gathering mushrooms, missed their road home, taking in stead the main road to Smythesdale. The poor little things wandered, along, passing -through Scarsdale and Smythesdale; and strange to say, no one along the entire length of the journey noticing they were astray, or questioning them whither they were going. Late in the evening, somewhere near Mr Keith's store, at Sniythes- dale, Mr Fowler observed them, and fortunately questioned them as to who they were, &c.;, when the children told him their nafnes, and, pointing over to Campbell's Hill, said they were going thither. The little wanderers were then taken charge of, arid a man forthwith despatched to Linton, on one of Mr Keith's horses, to con vey the information to the parents of the children. About twelve o'clock at night the courier - reached Linton with, the glad, tidings, when be found that almost the entire inhabitants of the locality were out in all directions assist ing in the search. On Sunday, the little ones were taken home by their father, who, of course, expressed himself deeplj' gvateful to the parties at Smythesdale who had acted so praiseworthy a part iri contributing to the prompt and safe re storation of his children. On Monday, says, the Grenville Advocate, an inquest was " held before the district coroner, Thomas Hopper, Esq., at Lilly's North Britain Hotel, Staffordshire B eef, on the body of a man named Maridy Macgeehari, who had been killed on the previous day, by being crushed in the tunnel while bringing, down a truck from the face in the Staffordshire Beef Quartz Co. It appeared from the evidence that" the unfortunate man had been bringing down the trucks with a- lad, each leading a horse. At a certain part of the tunnel it Vvas his business to unhook the -horses; and run into a place called the " man hole," allowing the boy to proceed down the tunnel before the trucks with the horses. By some mischance he must ; have stumbled and faUeri; or else beeir tob slow in getting into the 1 hole, thereby meeting his death. The jury . brought in a verdict of accidentally killed by being crushed between the truck and the tuunel, .in the above company. The j ury recommended ; that tlie ; " manhole" be larger to prevent acci- . dents; iri. future,- as two or three casualties had . occurred there before. . ' We take the following from the Dunolly papier :—T\Vo mining accidents were admitted into the Dunoliy District Hospital, .last week. Tlie first, Thomas Callender, was brought in with a fracture of Loth bones of the left leg./ It appears that he was crossing some old workings, at Burnt Greek, when his Toot slipped into a shallow hole, and caused1 the fracture. Dr Mac- gregdr ; set the- limb immediately on the case being admitted, arid the patient is going ori fiivourably. The' second case is of a more serious nature, arid one of those instances which: are so fi-equen tly occurring, and y efc appear to have so li fc'tle effect on miner's, or to induce them to use greater precaution iu seeing that the ground iu which they are working is securely propped. The present victim, John Phillips, was working in a drive in a claim at Cochranes, when a quan tity of earth; supposed to be about a ton, caved 'iri arid buried the un fortunate fellow alive. He was- speedify dug; out,, arid about twenty- two hours aftervvards conveyed to the hospital, .where every attention was immediately afforded. The Besiderif Surgeon finds that several injuries have occurred' to the spine, the patient,- however, is doing well; and there is just a slight chance of his>ultimate recovery. ' . V We perceive (says the B endigo Independent) . that Mr John Heudefsorij lately assistant ma nager of the Colonial Bank, Melbourne, has ar rived upon Sandhurst to take charge of this branch. ; : The body of a man, in an advanced state of decay, was found by a resident of Buninyong, named Smithers, while engaged in cutting fire wood in the bush on Monday. The Star states -that " information was given to the police, and P. G. Cummins at once proceeded to the place (about two miles from the township) and found the remains as indicated. On the body were several letters addressed J. H. Yogt, a weighbill of goods from Melbourne, a large knife or dagger, and a large watch or chronometer. The letters were addressed ' Grenville Advocate Office, Smythesdale.' " A man named Smith, employed by the Eclipse Gold-mining Company, at Buninyong, met with a frightful death on Monday evening, He entered the machine-room, which was in darkness, without taking a light. It is supposed that his clothes be came entangled with the machinery, for he was! drawn in, and before the engine could be stopped ! he was literally cut to pieces, ' At the Geelong Police Court on Tuesday "j? application of Mr George Chambers, for a li„' for the Queen of South Hotel— the house wh6 the late mayor, Mr Knight, lodges— was oou0S by the sub-inspector of police, on the groiS I that he was an imbecile idoit, quite unfit t i manage such a business. The sub- inspectn however, in answer to the Bench, said that th house was well managed,- and had been 8of the last twelve months under Mr Chambers ami the'license was accordingly granted. The poij magistrate then took the sub- inspector to task for opposing Mr Chambers, and not opposing -the applications of really bad houses, when th following, .dialogue took place :— Police Maris! trate — " How is it that licenses are granted t" Mr Brown, of the Thistle Inn, and Mr Beard of the Manchester Arms ? Why are they not ob jected to, rather than Mr Chambers, whose house you say is respectably conducted?" Sub-m spector said the state of Mr Chambers had been brought prominently under the notice of the superintendent of police by letter. Police Ma gistrate— "Do you know that tire Thistle Inn is the resort of all the thieves in town?" Sub- inspector—" It was." Police Magistrate — " And do you riot know that the Manchester Arms is a den of prostitutes ?" . Sub-inspector— " Yes it is." Police Magistrate— " Then why do you not object to such characters and such houses being licensed ?" The sub-inspector was under- stood to say that the houses were tolerably orderly, though frequented by bad characters. The Bendigo Advertiser says, that with the aid of perfect repose arid careful medical attendance Miss Conriell, who was injured by the falling of a stone at Francis Brothers' new building, is now . | sufficiently recovered to be able to walk out, and £ it is anticipated that in the course of a few days Mfc she will have quite recovered, and be none the worse for the untoward accident. And that the man who was admitted on Monday from the effects of a fall from a horse, which he was try- ing, is progressing very favourably and had partly recovered consciousness. He has given the name of Henry Carrick, and stated that he lives in the neighbourhood of theLoddon. The Argas says : " An obvious error has crept into the telegraphic account of the capture of the Orakau pa, published yesterday. The regi ment serving under Colonel Leslie is rnentioned as the 45th. There is no such regiment in Hew Zealand, but Colonel Leslie is commanding-offi cer of the 40th Begiment, formerly stationed in Melbourne ; and for some time past- he has had 400 men of that corps at the front. It-is clear that it was the 40tn which was engaged, inas much as Captain Fisher, an officer of that reri- irierit, is naftied as being wounded in the affair. Brigadier-General Carey, whose name the recent news gives great prominence to, is not the Colouel Bobert Carey who was recently serving in this colony, hut Colonel George Carey, c6in- manding-officer of the ISth Boyal Irish." Notice has been given by Mr Kvte of a motion, which, if carried out, would rather startle the British Government and the Trans portation Comriiission. The lion, member (says the Herald) proposes to ask His Excellency to place a sum of £5000 on the estimates to defray the expense of sending to Great Britain 300 ticket-of-leave men during the year 1864, and will move a resolution to tnat eireet to-tiay. - - The Talbot Leader states that amostpromising daughter of Mr Superintendent Geary, ofCaris- brook, met witb a serious accident on Saturday, by which it is feared she will be injured for life, if no worse fate befals her. It appears that Mr Geary's orderly was carrying a shovelful of burn ing embers into a room for the purpose of light ing a fire and that iri turning round he struck the child accidentally with the shovel, by which a large quantity of the hot embers fell between her chest and dress. The child, who is hut three years of age, immediately clasped her hands across her breast and fell to the ground. Mr ancl Mrs Geary alarmed by her cries were soon on the spot aud the clothes torn off, when it was found that she was severely burnt about the chest-. Dr Southee promptly arrived at the house and applied every known remedy, but the child was yesterday lying in a very precarious condition. A letter written by a passenger on board the missing ship Lord Baglan, is published in the Argus. It is dated the 23rd of March, when the unfortunate ship was spoken with near the line. Since then the vessel has not been heard of. The writer, after describing a fearful storm, and saying that a worse lot " than the passengers could not be found," closes his letter with these remarkable words : — " If we arrive safe in Mel bourne it will be a miracle." About half-past five o'clock, on Sunday morn ing last, a brilliant meteor was observed passing over Ballarat in a nearly north- easterly direction, by several constables on duty at the time at the western end of Sturt street. An amusing scene, says the Advertiser, occurred in Maryborough on Monday afternoon, caused br the unsuccessful attempt of a Chinaman to appropriate the contents of the till of M essrs Christian and Middleton, confectioners, High- street. It- appears that on the afternoon in ques tion, a young lad named Knott- was iu charge of the shop/ and had occasion to go down into the cellar, the entrance to which is behind the counter. On emerging from the lower regions he was rather astonished to see a human arm, attired in true Mongolian long-sleeved fashion, reaching over the counter, and a long-nailed harid manipulating the cash drawer and its con tents. Being, discovered, John immediately bolted, and Knott cleared the counter in a jiffey, and was after him hot-foot. An exciting chase ensued, hut the Celestial's wind gave way, and J ohri was collared by his pursuer in Tuaggra- street, near Mr O'Leary's office, when two shil lings—all he was able to secure— was forced from his reluctant palm. , Summary justice was decided on, and a neat sapling, approaching to the calibre of an Irish shillelah, was soon pro- cured, and John was soundly belaboured tin his unrelenting executioner gave in through want of breath. The "principal inhabitants of Deniliquin and its vicinity, recognising the value of Mr Taylor's efforts (iri the late recapture of several escaped prisoners) by which the neighbourhood has been relieved of the presence of a number of daring villians, who, had they escaped, would have kept- the whole district in a state of terror, have subscribed liberally towaffrs a testimonial to that gentleman, and Messrs J. H. Thomas arid Blackwoocl; members of the committee (says the Herald) have arrived iri Melbourne with the in tention of purchasing a suitable present. Mr Taylor is landlord of the Boyal Hotel, Denili- quiri. ; . ;; y.,.; . : ;/ Tenders and designs are invited, says the Age, (by the City Council ?); for the manufacture of' the Bridal Gift to lier Royal Highness the Princess of Wales. It is .also announced: that specimens; of auriferous quartz, which- it is intended to rise iri the workj may now be seen at the Town Clerk's office, Melbourne. . — " On Moriday night (says the Bendigo A dvertiser) about teri o'clock, a horse in a buggy , started off . from a house ou the Sandhurst side of Epsom, where it had been left by its owner for a few mi nutes. The animal tore along the Epsom road; as far as the Crooked Billet, where it ran into , d cart, owned by a man named Reardon. "The collision caused the destruction of the shafts of the cart, and the passengers had a very narrow escape. :Con- tinuing his furious career, the horse next came into collision with an obstruction at the side of the road, where he left the principal part of the conveyance behind him, and with only the fore wheels .and the shafts to check him, increased his speed into Sandhurst, tearing through Pall Mall at tremen dous pace, although several parties endeavoured to stop him. The last that was seen of him was in High-street, but whether he was brought to in one of the abysses which are left in that highway, or is still continuing his wild race, no one appears to know. For the last two or three days there have been several occurrences of a similar kind. Perhaps if the Bench were to inflict a heavier fine than the customary shilling or five shillings they would be come less frequent, 