Dr Sbj&ntn; Morning Herald. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 1864. The opening of the political campaign is announced under most agreeable auspices. It is said that the Ministry have invited their supporters to a pic- nic ; but we are so accustomed to an authentic rumours, that perhaps in this tance some hungry admirers have rather ... ticipated than received the invitation. Among the electro-biological exploits which have often amused the public is one where the patient is under the impression that he is tasting viands of delicate flavour, and drinking the choicest wine. The strong voice and resolute eye of the operator disarms all resistance. He yields to a conviction enforced with so much decision. Thus may the senses be deceived. Not less duped are often political followers whose powerful imaginations enable them to scent from infinite distance gratifications they are never doomed to realises It is not, however, on the Government side alone that the distinction of man as a cook- ing animal is recognised in connection with politics. A small gathering of .' Liberals" have announced their determination to give a banquet to Mr. Cowper. Divested of office and its emoluments (in his case fairly earned he could not be expected to call around him the artists of the city and issue an unlimited order for viands and still more costly wines. It is the turn of his friends who received so many advantages from the distribution of patronage, to supply the board and to make him at once the master and the honoured guest. & We have often wondered how it is that Mr. Cowper having held office so long, and conferred favours upon so many has received so bare a return. In this age of testimonials one might have expected that when he laid down the power which he had so long wielded, some would have been found contributing of their Note Since the above was in type we have bet a secured by our reporter that the reality of the feast was placed by unquestionable evidence beyond all doubt. abundant gains in a token more substantial of their gratitude. But "gratitude" has been liberally rendered as the expectation of favours to come," and a Minister who loses the reins of power will often find that those who I have praised him most and derived the greatest advantage from his patronage are the first to i forget the hand That raised and fed them. It would be probably a difficult thing for Mr. Cowrmt to decline an invitation to a banquet. But at the same time would he not consult his own dignity if he sets any value upon it, and stand better to realise his ambition were he to appear in the Assembly only, and there in a temperate and generous spirit to watch over the interests of the country. It is time that all our old parties were dissolved, and that men as! to serve the community considered themselves released from relations which might once have had an import and consistency, but which in the lapse of time and the settlement of many questions have ceased to have any signification at all. Our views of Mr. Cowper's political conduct in the first years of responsible Government need not be repeated and will not be recanted. We believed that many of his measures were pernicious- that much of his public career has been wrong, and we have said so to the country. But the impression is not sufficient to blind us to the fact that he possesses talent which would make him a useful servant of the State. Ten years experience of official life-of men-of theories reduced to practice, with all the changes which have been produced by death by removals and by social revolutions, have surely left an impression upon his mind and character, such as would greatly modify his judgment of the past and his conduct for the future. It would be a deplorable mistake if the ghosts of old controversies were raised, and if past feuds, which are relegated to history, or perhaps to oblivion, were brought again on the stage. Some of the results of Mr. Cowper's administration are such as certainly put out of the question any unqualified demonstration. Would any one tell us that the financial condition of the country is otherwise than deplorable ? Could any one say that our social circumstances are such as can be regarded with satisfaction ? No man knows better no man probably laments more than Mr. Course the ruthless violence and robbery which have rendered parts of this colony unsafe to live in. We do not know how Mr. Cowper now view is the Land question. We presume he would not be permitted even now to express his dissent from the principles of the Act which has wrought so much wanton mischief. We have never had the slightest feeling of opposition to facilitating the acquisition of land or desire to confer unfair advantages upon any class of its occupiers ; but we already see, and we shall still further see, that in what constitutes the peculiar feature of the Land Act we have raised a difficulty in the way of the safety and prosperity of this colony next to impossible to surmount, and which, happily thus far, no other colony has followed. All men err in judgment, and a one-sided view of the land question may have misled some who unhappily possessed the power to give effect to their illusions. But no man can look back on the facts already witnessed, without seeing much to moderate that applause which is sometimes claimed by presumption and lavished by ignorance. We do not profess ourselves to be partizans of any set of politicians, but we should be glad to see the general tone of public life elevated and the personal character of the leaders of the people improved. There is nothing perhaps to regret in the efforts of different sections to acquire political power. With this object in view they give attention to public business and watch the course of Government. We have no reason to rejoice in that particular period of our history when the great ascendancy of one particular section of politicians frustrated all the guarantees which Government by party seems to afford to the people. It is only when we have a strong but reasonable opposition that we can hope to have a pure and able administration. But what we do want is an improved code for the regulation of parties that it should be understood to be dishonourable to oppose a measure simply because it is brought in by a particular Ministry that it should be regarded as wrong I to inflict any injury upon the country in order to I gain a party triumph that it should be deemed immoral to state as facts what are mere inven- tions that the detestable maxim that all is fair in politics should be abhorred as a perennial l spring of disorder and corruption. Let measures be treated on their merits and let men be opposed because they are incompetent to legislate or administer, but let it not be for- gotten that the moral principles which determine the duties of men in their private relations, and the integrity which is expected from them in their higher commercial life, are equally necessary in political affairs, and are absolutely indispensable in those who worthily aspire to administer the Government. -^----«^----» The programme for the new Victorian Land Bill, an outline of which was shadowed forth in Mr. M'Culloch's electoral address, has been more fully expounded by him in a speech to his constituency, and also in a speech by Mr. Grant, the Minister for Lands. Either the first exposition of the system was incomplete, or else the Ministry have profited by criticisms and made modifications on the first plan. The original scheme was that land selected was to be held on lease for five years, and then put up to auction, the buyer having to pay for improvements. It was objected that settlers would not fasten on to the land with any heart if there was a possibility of their farms being bought over their heads after five years. To meet this objection, it is now proposed that the lessee shall have a pre-emptive right over half his farm at the rate of a pound an acre, and that only the other half shall be put up to auction. As he could not be bought out altogether, therefore, there is less temptation to the squatter to bid against him at all. This certainly gives the selector more security, but it is so far an abandonment of the principle of auction which Mr. M'Culloch declared himself willing to adopt in order to please the Council. I Mr. Geanx says that occupiers will nearly | always be the actual purchasers at auction of their improved lots, and in proof of this he refers to the town lots on the gold-fields. But the cases are scarcely parallel, because the selector on a run always has a special competitor in the squatter, who is anxious to buy up in his run. If there were any speculative capitalist anxious to buy up a whole township-as anxious as squatters often are to buy up their runs-the occupier would find that he would I have to bid high to secure his lot. I Mr. Grant, however, seems very bitter against the auction system, which he says cannot 1 put people on the land, and he even goes to the extreme, of wishing to abolish it altogether, and allowing no purchase at all until after settlement and improvement. This would cer I entirely stop speculation in land, but it would show) some other things too. Mr. Grant might have remembered that across the western boundary of his own colony the auction system has effected a more complete settlement of the people on the land than has been effected by any of the other systems elsewhere. It has answered in New Zealand, too, especially in Canterbury, where it has been most rigorously tried. It has answered in America, where most of the land has been sold by auction, although the pre- emptive right, and more recently the homestead law, have enabled pioneers to dispense with auction. Moreover, Mr. Grant should rem ember that, though selection at a fixed price checkmated the capitalist in the first purchase of the land, it does not prevent his buying up large estates afterwards. There are many cases in this colony where grants given in the early days to small settlers, on residence and cultivation conditions, passed from the hands of the early grantees into those of capitalists, and became consolidated into large estates. If the Government will not sell to the highest bidder, the selector will, as soon as he is able. All covered properties will ultimately pass into the hands of the man who is willing to give the highest price for them. The process may be arrested for a time by the Government selling conditionally at a fixed price, but it cannot be arrested permanently. The only effective check on too great a greediness for land is a municipal taxation that shall cover the whole country. Mr. M'Culloch and Mr. Guaní both admit that Mr. Duffy's Act was a failure. It left undone the thing it ought to have done, and did the thing it ought not to have done. It was to have made the squatters pay a fair rent for their land, a rent estimated at £400,000 a year. It succeeded in only squeezing half that amount out of them, and they are now secured in their leases till 1870, and cannot be dispossessed without repudiation. It was intended to settle the people on the soil, and it failed, and let in the very class of purchasers it was intended to exclude. Out of 1,200,000 acres taken up by free-selection under the Act, at a price equal to 16s. 6d. an acre cash, no less than 1,000,000 acres were taken up by 600 squatters. Here was a wholesale violation of the intent of the Act. At auction these buyers would have been obliged to pay at least a pound an acre, and to pay cash. We have no official means of ascertaining how far a similar abuse of the principle of free selection has been practised in this colony, though, from private information, we fancy that it has been more extensive than has been hitherto suspected. It was noted in a recent Monaro journal that if a selector trespassed on a run he was immediately surrounded by selections taken up by dummies in the interest of the squatter. If this game has been carried on to any extent, it will easily be seen how fallacious are all those calculations that assume a family of six settled on the soil in virtue of every recorded selection. Mr. Duffy says it was not his fault that his Act broke down, but the fault of the lawyers who drafted the bill. No doubt, if the language had been more precise, evasion would not have been so possible, and the conviction and punishment of the leaders would have been more easy. As it is, every attempt at a prosecution has broken down. But Mr. Duffy cannot escape from at least part of the blame of this. It was his business to scan his own Act very narrowly, and see that it carried out his ideas and being a lawyer himself, and a literary man to boot, there was the less excuse for his oversight. The new Victorian Land Bill is to abolish the arbitrary distinction beween the " white " and " blue " districts, which limited the application of free-selection. Areas for selection are to be surveyed in small patches in different places. Selectors are not to have the right of impound- ing until they have substantially fenced in their ground. Selection before survey is forbidden. It was tried in the colony once under the system of occupation licenses, and was found to be practically inconvenient, and as the surveyed areas will be many, and afford ample scope for choice, the reservation will be no real hardship. On this point Mr. Grant speaks as follows: "Our proposition is to allow free selection after survey, and, considering that there are 5,000,000 acres already surveyed, I do not think this will be considered a hardship by any man of common honesty who is really desirous of settling on the lands. One of the greatest defects of the occupation license system was, that it was selection before survey, and allowed people to roam over and disturb private property without permission. I am sorry to know that many persons brought the occupation license system into disgrace by selecting ground on which, perhaps, a squatter's wool-shed was erected, or his dam was made, and so on. No honest man would I do such a thing; but, as you know, there are a great many scoundrels in the country who would be glad of the chance. It was conduct- such as this that brought the occupation licences into disgrace. 0 her persons also went in before survey, took up allotments, and afterwards they were found to be auriferous. Thus the difficulty in the way of nearly 800 occupation licencees, who would otherwise be now entitled to their Crown grants, is this, that two | thirds of them cannot get those grants, because the land they have taken up is found to be auriferous, and complaints on that account made to the Lands department of the Government by miners and mining boards. For this, and the reasons I have just given, I propose that there should only be selection of an allotment after it has been surveyed. You hear almost every day of lands put up for sale by auction, and then withdrawn, at the instance of the mining boards. Sometimes, I am sorry to say, auriferous land does even now pass from the Crown ., but if you were to give persons the right to go all over the territory, selecting auriferous lands as they might choose I am afraid the evil would be such that we should have necessarily to return to a much worse system. I ask the miners present this evening to bear me out, to say whether I am right or wrong in deciding for selection after survey, when, at the present moment 5,000,000 acres of the public territory are already surveyed." Both Mr. M'Culloch and Mr. Grant express an earnest desire to see the soil occupied by an industrious and improving yeomanry. Every one who proposes or dis- cusses land schemes professes the same desire. The question is not as to the end to be reached, but as to the mode by which it is to be reached. Good intentions will not make a good bill. There are some who despise details, and who say that any mode, however scrambling, that secures the end will do. But no statesman will talk in this way. The land may be so alienated as to ensure an orderly and steady progress it may be so alienated as to give rise to wild speculation, gambling, evasion of the law, violent class hatreds, and a general de- moralisation. Good methods vindicate themselves, bad methods avenge themselves. 