MUCH-NEEDED LEGISLATION. It appears that the Attornej-General, in different to all the terrors of repugnancy, invalidity, and ultra vires, is at the present time nreparinz a lav which shall effectively prerent the further inroads of escaped or liberated felons. Mr. J)utton stated yesterday that the honourable and learned gentleman bad taken up the Convicts Prevention Bill, which has been hanging on the Ifoticc-paper 10 long, and was going to make it useful by petting into it the stringent clauses of the Victorian Act. This will bo something like an amendment of the law. We told the ABsemWy wkenMr.Dutton introduced h'i3 Bill that the measure was altogether a mistake. It was mild where it ought to Laye been severe, and severe where there was no need of aererity. It was intended to provide (or the flogging »f conditional-pardon men who are already ex cluded by law, and who would, therefore, haTe to be caught before they could be flogged whilst no provision whatever wa3 made for the1 exclusion of expires, who would still be allowed to land here in any number, and to recommence their nefarious proceedings under the rery eyes of (be police, This proposal to make laws for the one and not for the other was so far objected to by the Assembly that the flogging clauso vros struck out, and then the question arose whether it was worth while to paes the Bill at all, for in every essential particular it remained a copy of the Act which is already in force. This being the case, we have urged time after time thit the Assembly onght to seiza the opportunity for declaring war against expirees as well as conditional-pardon men. They have strained at the gnat and swallowed the camel long enough. They have legislated against cri minals holding conditional pardons; bat they have allowed the colony to be entirely at the mercy of those who possess free pardons; yet the one class is as bad, as lawless, and as ruffianly as the other. Why, then, has this distinction been persisted in ? The only reason we know of h the one that was mentioned when Mr. Dutt?n'a Bill was under discussion, namely* that it would be repugnant to the laws of England for the Colonial Parlwmeat to legis late against expireea— men who held Her Majesty's free pardon to go wherever they pleased. Repugnant, indeed! And this is what the Legislature of South Australia has been brought to by the constant iteration of Judge B6othby's arguments against the validity of colonial legislation. The members of the Assembly have become afraid to propose laws* urgently demanded by the coloiiists, and hare submitted to a continued influx of criminals — who are not allowed io land in the other colonies— {torn nothing more than a childish apprehension of exceeding their powers— powers laid down nnd defined by Mr. Ju-tii'e Bootliby, aud no one else. We earnestly trust tliut this unworthy — we wight say cowardly— attitude of the Parlia ment is not to be persisted in. We are not aware of the precise amendments which tl.e Attorney-General is going to propose in the Convicts Prevention Bill ; but we hope that the Assembly will accept nothing less than that clause of the Victorian Act which excludes all persons arriving from a penal settlement who cannot show that they have been free men for at kast three years. This is the law which id in force there, and why should this colony — which is next door to Western Australia— be less protected ? The bugbear 'lepugnancy,' anch as we have been made the victimB of here id all a myth, and ought to be at once sum. marily dealt with. Not o^ly dooa Victoria, existing under a Constitution simitar to our own, protect herself with a law which we have not ventured to pass, but in Now Zealand also a similar law has been very recently passed, and, what is more, has been assented to by Her Majesty, afte reoeiving full consideration at the hands of the law officers of the Crown. Mr. Cardwell, in returning this Act to the Government of New Zealand, points out that it is a departure From British policy, and that nothing in the circumstances of the colony seemed to Bbow that there was a pressing necessity for the measure. Stili, Her Majesty had not been idvised to disall 0 a law which the Local Government and the Legislature believed was requisite for the protection of the community. Here, then, is an answer to inj number of objections on the score ]f repugnancy. If ]N'e\v Zetland can obtain laws for the exclusion of expiree?, what is to hinder 113 wiio have u convict settlement uljicent to our own territory ? There is uleariy no reason for the present monstrous state cf things beyond this — that in South Australia the Legislature takes its laws from the Supremo Court, whiht in other colonies the Supreme Court takes its laws from the Legislature. .. We. hope the Parliament will not allow itself to to brcwlcalen and puzzled on this rabjoct any longer. The members can see what ie done in other colon ies where the Con i:itutioru are similar to tho one under which no lire, and why should smaller legislative toners be exercised here? It is this question which the Parliament are about to remit home in the petition prepared by the Select Com mittee of the Assembly. But in the meantime t would be foolish to take it for grunted that -ur Legislature is in auy respect leas competent nan theLegislaturoi of other colonies aio. There mist be no admission of the objections raised tgaiust our law?. The Parliament must con -idcr, as u matter cf course, that they possess ull powers to legislate for the- peace, orde^ md good government of the colony ; and must lot jump to the conclusion that their Acts are. nvalid becauso of the objections — fine-dtawn tnd harmless to a great extent— which are lersisted in by one of the Judges of the Supreme Court. We aay it with all respect to Mr. Justice 3oothby ; but we feel certain that if a member if the Bench in either of the other colonies iad taken the txtiaordinary course which he 103 always taken here, the colonists would not mve repeatedly troubled themselves by ap lealing against hia opinions to the Imperial Jovernmenr. They would not have giveu lotoriety or importance to the matter at all, -ut would have quietly pensioned him oil', or tlse have so constitute! the Bench as to have nost effectually neutralized any opinions w/iich ie might ixpresj in reference to the invalidity if laws properly passed and duly assented to* We say this now because legislation is called or of a character Bach as the Supreme Court rould doubtless object to, and because we lope the Parliament will not refrain from such egialation on account of any doctrines which nay prevail here, but whjch are entirely un cnown in the neighbouring colonies. Of the great necessity whioh exists for a lay o exclude expirees from this colony we need loint to no other proof than the statement nada by the correspondent of the Argus, who- n reference to his voyage from Xing George's Sound to Adelaide, stated that there was t- ;ang of notorious criminals on board the iangatira, and that similar passengers were aken to South Australia by every Teasel which ailed from the oce colony to the other. AccuKATiZATioy Society.— Three hundred and ne pounds have been doled out by the Assembly 0 the Acclimatization Society, but not to be paid et Oh, no! That would be an excess of liberality rhich Mr. Hewett would never recover. The mount is to be paid when the public have sub crib*^ a similar sum and nothing less; so that if 300 minus the odd 20s. should be collected, the iociety would get nothing. Let the bear in the Jctarjic Garden remember this, and if Mr. Hewett hould walk that way of a Sunday afternoon when here is no singing or music going on, we hope the wo gentlemen will have the question ou.t together a a quiet manner. The amount which (he Assembly were asked to vote for the new Society ras £500; but this was negatived, as was also a notion for £300. Afterwards, however, an amend nent for £301 was put and carried with the condi ion already referred to. Two houis were spent n discussing the subject, and some curious ipiuions were expressed as to the duty of the legislature to encourage the acclimatization of tnything except wheat, wool, and main roads. Additional Valuations. — Six additional paluations were Iai4 OR lbe ta^e °£ lhe Assembly m Wednesday. Subjoined we tlje names of the uns, the rents hitheito paid, and the amounts (jn :luding iinpiovemtnts) now put down :— No. U. Baroota Run- Present rent, £103 2s. lid. ; -roposed rent, £tvWi 5s. -'o. 35. Wirraban-a West— Present rent, £222153. ; -roposed rent, £l,:i;l5. So. 36. Wirrab^rra East— Present rent, £1G5 j '« 5d. : proposed rent, £817. 'No. 37. Wirrabarra tforth— Present lent, £40 103. ; j uoposed rent, £212. , £»o. 'SS. Angas's Bun, east and north of the I Hundred of Gregory- Present rent, £111 115s. lid. ; | 'So?:*. Aiigas'sStony Creek Eun-Present rent, I £31 ; proposed rent, £180. ; Damaging Ga3-Lahp3.— The Secretary of tl« Jas Company notifies by advertisement that a eward of £5 will be paid for the conviction of ome person or persons who on Tuesday e veiling last bmaged the lamps on Bundle-street Bridge, East ?ark Lands, and extinguished the lights on the Sty Bridge, \ Battalion' Dktll.— On Wednesday afternoon, September 28, detachments of the Adelaide, West Adelaide, and City Rifles, to the number of 100, under the command of Captains Clark, Eakcr, and Shawyer, met on the proucd in front of the Armoury for battalion drilL There was a large muster of spectators. The men were drilled for about an hour and a half by Colonel Biggs; Lieu tenant- Colonel Mayo and Major Sellor were also in attendance. The different manoeuvres, inclu ding marching in echelon, were gone through in a very crcnitable manner. The .Regimental Bond was in attendance, and for a short time enlivened the proceedings with a little music ; but it interfering with the marching was not allowed to play during the greater part of the time. His Excellency the Governor was on the jrround for a short time. EEEDBED3 Cavalkt.— We understand that the Beedbed3 Cavalry intend inviting Mr. J. Haimes to dinner in the course of the week. Mr. Ilaimes was formerly captain of this corps, and the proof thus shown to him ou his departure for England must be very gratifying. The Cattle Disease in the North.— Much apprehension is felt at Port Augusta that great difficulties and deby will be experienced in bringing in the wool from the Northern stations, owing to the prevalence of the disease amongst the cattle large numbers of which are dying daily. United Pbesbtteriam Chobch.— Since the plans and specifications have been out for the new United Presbyterian Church in Franklin-street, it has been determined to erect a manse on the land adjoining for the pastor, the Rev. Mr. LyalL The additional expense, it is thought, will be about £1,000. Victoria Theatre.— The exciting and romantic drama, 'Pauline, or a Night of Terror,' was per. formed on Wednesday evening, and was as suc cessful as on its first production. Tin's was followed by the comedy of 'The Jealous Wife.' This evening, which is said to be the last appear ance but two of Miss Cleveland, the pieces for representation ore ''Leah' and 'The Spanish Armada' Friday evening Mr. Vincent takes his -enefit, when two new pieces will be prodiyed— '?London Assurance' aud 'The Woliin Sheep's Clothing.' Dixon v. Chamhon.-Si«ecial Meeting. - In accordance with a public notice to the manu. facturers of South Australia, a meeting was con vened at the Terminus Hotel North-terrace, on Wednesday evening, September 23. Mr. W. K. Siinms. having been unanimously called to the chair, read from the South Australian Register the resolution specifying the object of the meeting, signed by Mr. J. J. Osborne, Secretary of the Committee in the cause Dixon v. Champion. The Chairman said the object of the meeting was a serious and important one, and the more it was ventilated the better it would be for the com. munity. He hoped, however, that those who were about to address the meeting would avoid the use of words calculated to produce undue excitement The Secretary said that although the Committet had so far brought their labours to a close as to secure the reimbursement of the' defendants, the danger was not p;issed, for they had been served with a notice that steps would be takeu in Equity to restrain them. The defendants were not inclined to further dispute a point of law; but it behoved the manufacturers of the colony to move in the matter. He had nothing stereotyped for adoption at that meeting, but confidently hoped they would feel it their duty to protect the public interests. He then proceeded to describe the professional communications between Mr. lngleby and Mr. Way, and the intention of the latter to proceed in Equity to restrain the defendants. They (the defendants) were willing to become instrumental on behalf of the manufacturers of the province if there were a general wish to try the cause. He had been one of a deputation to three legal gentlemen whose opinions had been asked. Two of the three advised the endeavour to set aside the threatened injunction, which could be done at an expense of £40; the other recommended an application to Parliament for the introduction of anew legis lative measure, but they had the opinion, also a legal one, that the cost of a Bill would exceed £300. One legal gentleman had told them that in the present state of the law if the washed- clothes on his line were smutted by any neighbouring process of manufacture he bad Ids remedy at law. Mr. Dench confirmed the preceding statement, and was of opinion that his own manufactory, which had cost £6,000, was not safe from such attacks as those made on his friend Champion, where a gentleman who had sat in his arm-chair til! the colony was established was now found to be opposed to manufactories. If a factory were to cost £10.000 it would not be safe from similar attacks. He believed if law were consonant with justice no manufactory could be moved. Mr. Eermingham said what they had to dread was a new interpretation of the common Jaw. One Judge had ruled that even the ringing of a bell might be actionable. Mr. Jones and Mr. Langman recommended the proposition to set aside the injunction. . The Chairman said it must be patent to all that the manufacturing interests had been placed in jeopardy. An enemy might trump up a case against himself. There ought to be one law for rich and poor, and nothing would be so likely to drive him from the colony as a contrary state of things. ' He had the opinion of a legal gentlemam that a memorial to the Government and a conse quent alteration of the law might be effected at a less cost than £M. MY. Manu briefly recom mended an application to Parliament. There need be no costly Select Committee, he said, and instanced the alteration in the law of libel intro duced and effected through the instrumentality of Mr. Bakewell. The Secretary read a copy of a memorial that had been prepared, and briefly described the French mode of defining manufacturing districts and boundaries. The following resolutions were then put and car ried, the Secretary having explained that there was nothing in the second antagonistic to the first:— 1\. 'That this meeting pledges itself, in the event of an injunction being gi anted by the Supreme Court, to do its best endeavour in contesting, in order to decide, the point of law.' 2. 'That this meeting is of opinion that in the event of the Equity suit being decided against the defendants, a petition should l-e prepared and present od to the House of Assembly, praying them to pass an Act to amend the law of nuisance and to grant greater facilities for carrying on manufactures, and that H. B. T. Strangways, Esq., be requested to take charge of a Bill having that object in view.' Mr. Mann thought the two measures should be simul taneous, and that the present session of Parliament might be availed of. A subscription commenced in the room produced an amount of about £30, and power was conferred on the Committee to odd to their numbers, which received some accessions by election at the meeting, numbering about 70 per sons interested in colonial manufactures. A unanimous vote of thanks to the Honorary Secre tary was acknowledged by Mr. Osbome. ' The Chairman' was cordially proposed, and the com pliment suitably acknowledged. The .Reporters having returned thanks for 'The Press,' a very orderly meeting was brought to a close at 10 p.m. Boll's Cbeek LniE.-The survey of this line of rood to Goolwa and Victor Harbour has been completed by Mr. Delisser, and is now in course of being gazetted. We have been informed by a gentleman who resides on the line that as soon as the road is gazetted the bridge will be commenced over the Finniss, atFinnissFlat: and then the farmers will have a superior advantage over the shippers in Adelaide in supplying the Murray trade with grain, potatoes, and other produce. It is stated that during the late season a large amount of traffic passed over the line to Port Victor; and through the kindness of Messrs. ivirkijaiii the carters have been allowed to trespass through their lani). Considerable inconvenience has thus been caused tp these gentlemen by the mingling of strange cattle wjth' their own; but we doubt not the Government will take an early opportunity of removing this inconvenience, besides fostering so valuable a branch of the Murray trade, and increasing the importance of Victor Harbour. Popup Mex and Beportkrs.— Some great obscure in Sydney has recently complained of the injustice pf the reporters, who were in the habit of merely stating when he had spoken, but seldom or never reproduced his speeches. The Sydney Marnina -ffpmftf thus deals with the complaint :— ''What Is the use,' indignantly asks our jrate friend, 'of telling the public that Jobkins spoke unless you tell them what Jobkins said?' What, indeed. It leaves it a puzzle for all posterity. Learned commentators may hereafter discuss the subject:— What did Jobkins say? Did he speak long or short, powerfully or feebly ? Did he Tnake himself intelligible to his auditors? Did he under stand what he said? Did he speak grammatically, or did he muider the Queen's English? Did he speak to the point, or did he wander about per petually, chasing a thought which he never over took? These queiitious may be raised, but they pan never J« positively answered. We can only get an approximate solution. Some probabla idea may be formed pf what Jobkins said if anything Is kuown of what Jobking was, what the calibre of mind, what the range o' his understanding, what his temperament, wha his prejudices. Those who are so unfortunate as to know nothing on these points must remain in hopeless ignorance, not only of what Jobkirn actually said, but even of what he might have said. The mystery is insoluble forever. Manet et manebit. The opportunity of fixing the Hying words passed away unimproved. Posterity may lament the loss, but can never retrieve it. The eb.que;jce of Jobkins is a forfeited inheritance of careless humanity. It i3 ?s irrecoverable as the burnt leaves pf tlje Sybil, or the lost book of Livy. These are the lamentations of Jobkins. But ic does not appear that the sorrow awakens much sympathy. The public at large has never complained that Jobkins is not fully reported. It is a solitary sorrow nursed in his own breast, and there lies the difficulty in alienating it. We are not insensible to the pain it inflicts, and not so hard-heaited at to be uuwill'ug to consider the possibility of affording relief. Bat then we are obliged to keep ia view the greatest good for the greatest number. If we reported in full Jobkms's speeches we should, no doubt, greatly gratify hwi ; but then we should disgust all the 'rest of our readers, and the feelings of the many must take precedence of the feelings 0! tne one.' Crrr Council.— A Special Committee meeting of the City Council was held on Wednesday, further to consider the question of drainage and for other business. Written replies to a series of questions put to the engineers whose drainage plans had been selected were laid before the Committee, but being very voluminous it was determined to postpone their consideration till a future day. Three tenders for watering Bundle-street were opened' and read— that of John Conway, at £lJ7s.6d.per month, was accepted. Draft By laws relating to the following subjects were laid on the table, discussed, amended, and passed :— Scavenging, saleof bread, offensive trades, obstruct ing footpaths, driving cattle across the Park Lands, better observance of the Sabbath, saleof butter, hackney conveyances and vehicles, street-lighting, and party walls. Meeting at Precolcmb. — A correspondent, writinguuderdate September^, says:— 'A meeting of the residents of this neighbourhood was held on Friday evening last, far the purpose of taking into consideration the advisability of memorializing Parliament for a main road from Sampson's Flat to Modbury, via Snake Gully and Golden Grove. Amongst the number present were some of the most influential settlers of the neighbourhood, and Mr. Hugh McLean was in the chair. The first resolution was moved by Mr. Gaylard— ' That tins meeting is of opinion that a main road is very desirable from the Smithfield and Gumeracha branch at Sampson's Flat to Modbury.' This was seconded by Mr. Kelly, and supported by Mr Wilson, each gentleman speaking to the question, showing plainly not only the desirableness of the thing, but also the necessity and the right of it. seeing that this important agricultural district has no main line within some miles. The resolution was carried unanimously. The next proposition was moved by Mr. Ifould— 'That this meeting is of opinion that a petition should be presented to the House of Assembly, praying that the road from Sampson's Flat to Modbury be placed on tlie schedule of miia roads.' Seconded by Mr. Sampson, and supported by Mr. A. Kirk. The mover of the resolution spoke at some length, making favourable reference to the plan of bor rowing money for the purpose of making roads in the province. He (mite carried the meeting with him in his advocacy of the plan, aud all the speakers agreed that it was right to borrow money for the purpose of making roads and that in view of the probability that the settlers of this neigh bourhood, with the rest of the colony, would have to pay ultimately the principal and interest of the money, they had a just claim to a portion of that borrowed money being used to help them out of their present road difficulty. This resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. Black moved the third resolution—' That the petition Le entrusted to Mr. Cavenagh, M.P., for presentation to the House, and that Mr. Glyde be requested to support it.' Mr. Johnston seconded the motion, which was carried. The meeting, by resolution, appointed u Committee and deputation to carry out; the matter, consisting of Messrs. .Harvey, Gaylard, Kelly, Sampson, Blackham, Kirk, and Wilson, with power to add to their number. Thanks to the Chairman were then given, and those present, after siguing the memorial, withdrew.' Tax on Knowledge.— The Illustrated Sydney News has a leading article which proves that the recent imposition of a postage charge on news papers in New South Wales has operated as a serious tax on knowledge. Under its baleful influence the Braidwood Obwver, the Butran gong Times, Burrangong SUir, Qraflon Advocate, Araluen Star, Albury AdverlUer, Moruya Ales sower, and Goulburii Chronicle have ceased to exist, and the Yass Courier has been limited to a weekly issue. Nearly all the papers have reduced their telegraphic expenses, and some have dis continued their telegrams altogether, so that the gain to the postal revenue has been counter balanced by a reduction in the receipts of the electric telegraph department;. A Queer Letter.— A correspondent sends us the following letter, which, thon^h jocularly written, has a moral:— 'To Port Ade laide— It was well in years gone by to lay the tattering unction co your soul that you were the only port of the province, but since that time you haVe been taking to your bosom silt by tous till there is no hope left that ever you will serve for the purpose originally intended. How do you expect to be eulogized when a few of your incapa bilities are held Tbefore your notice. There is the Art Union discharging her cargo into barges because you cannot provide a berth for her to float. There is a pretty brig on the slip through fouling the bottom. There is the mail steamer itangatiru humbugging away at the buoys because you have no water. There is the Itedan at the Lightship full of cargo, aud there she will lay for days yet before you have water. Look at the Sea btar. the Coonatto. and half-a-dozen more wool ships, all stuck in the mud. And vet in the face of all this you have the pre sumption to ask for £140,000 to make a wharf of the North-parade. Don't do it, but keep your posi tion by saying quietly—' I am only fit to accommo date small vessels; if you want first-class ships find deep water.' You may perhaps allude to the largo ships, which have laid within your em brace, but you cannot in reason say ysu acccommodated them, for meagre beds you offered when you laid them on your stony bottom, anil in many cases they are much the worse for the repose. There is a place iu the river you call the inuer bar, and to this you attribute all your ills; but though I do not like to be rude, yet I positively arh'rm thai is moonshine; for if you happcx to get the £140,000 it will only be about a teuth of what you would ask for next to clear that unity: and then consider that half the money would make a port outside better than ever you were or ever will be; though, miud, I have a great regard for you if you will content yourself with coasters and small fry, but when you offer to accommodate oversea ships you hurt 'my dignity. 'Tis not long back sjnee you had the Penola stuck fast at the wharfs, waiting for a rise in the tide to steam away. J will not further reca pitulate those matters lest it is thought personal ; but I am bound to establish my own rights, and though some time may elapse before 1 enjoy them, yet it will come, and merchants will yet be found who will foster my progress, and lay beside me the finest vessels out of England. Don't take it amiss that 1 write so harshly, but when you con sider the immense amounts already lavished on you without corresponding return I am sure you will pardon me for urging my clsim to a small portion of South Australia's beneficence; aud I promise that if I only get one-fourth the pounds winch you hare had, 7 will otter doep water for every vessel which arrives.— Yours truly, Sema phoue Jetty.' The late Rev. John Allen Manton. —We extract the following mournfully interesting information from the Sydney Morning Herald of the 12th September:— 'The remains of the Rev. John Allen Atantou were interred in the Wesleyan Cemetery, Parramatta, on Saturday afternoon. Mr. Manton was one of the oldest Wesleyan ministers in the Australian Colonies, and his piety, ability, and devotion have endeared his name to that denomination. Mr. Manton was held 111 the highest estimation, and it need hardly be said that his death is deeply deplored, more especially bj the members of his own communion. The de ceased gentleman came to the colony in the year 1831, and after labouring for a year or two at Parramatta, he was stationed in Tasmania. Mr. Manton's ministrations at Macquane Harbour, a settlement on tlie western coast of the island, and at Port Arthur, on the southern coast, were ak tended with the most gratifying and successful results. For many years Mr. Manton was the President of Horton College— a training establish ment in the interior of the island, which he organized and brought to a very prosperous matur.ty. About five years ago Mr. Manton re turned to this colony, and took charge of the Newington Collegiate Institution from its initiation. He rendered important and valuable services to the Wesleyan Church in these colonies in the formation and direction of those educational establishments. Mr. Manton became seriously unwell about six months ago, and he died at half-past 5 o'clock on Friday mornin' of dropsy supervening on disease of the heart. The deceased was in the fifty-eighth year of his age and the thirty-fifth of his ministry. After a short service, conducted at Newingtou, on Saturday, the funeral procession left for Parramatta about 2 o'clock, and arrived at the chapel at half-past 3. The coffin having been carried iuto the chapeL portions of the burial service wereread by the Kev. S. Eabone, prayer being offered by the Kev. Gl Hurst. The Kev. E. Mansfield delivered a brief afl! dress on the occasion, which he said was one pecu liarly touching to his feelings, as it was deeply im pressive on the hearts of his hearers. Thirty-three years ago it was his privilege to number the de parted among his choicest frien'Is,and .throughout that long interval all that he had seen and heard and known of his departed brother had but served to confirm the prepossessions which the earliest moment of their acqmintance produced, to deepjn his heart's love for him, and to raise him still higher in his esteem and respect In the -.trictest an4 noblest sense of the term, without adulation, he was a good man, full of faith and of the Holy Ghost Did it not soem a mysterious providence that m his riper years, when all his mental and moral powers seemed to have reached their fullest vigour— when he was called to occupy an impor tant sphere-that at that critical period in his interesting history the last enemy should be permitted to lay hold of him and drag him down to the silent mansions of the dead? for him to live undoubtedly was Christ, and for him to die was rich superlative gain. The rev. gentleman re marked on the Christian's power to triumph over death, and he asked were they not reminded of their mortality? 'Our fathers -were are they? the prophets— do they live for ever?' Death came into their sacred ranks and took hold of one and another, saying to those who survived, 'Prepare to meet thy God.' The preacher then earnestly exhorted the youthful portion cf hi*' auditory to make their 'calling and election sure.' They had seen how Christians lived in ths example of their dear preceptor, over whose ashes they mourned ; and they had seen how he died, triumphing in redeeming love, happy in the clear and cloudless prospect of immortality, and he beckoned them to follow. Let them all gird themselves anew to the fight of faith, and so gather under the banners of the Cross that ere long victory might crown their br»ws. Ihe ser vice, at which there was a good nmnlwr of persons present, having been concluded, the body was borne to the hearse, and at 20 minutes past 4 o'clock the mournful procession moved slowly forward to the graveyard. The students of the college went first, next followed ministers of the denomination c/ith other parsons who walked, and they were succeeded by the hearse, the mourning coaches, and a long train of other vehicles. Besides the clergymen already named, there were present the Kev. R. L, King (Church of England), and the following ministers of the Wesl-jyan communion .--The Ilevs. B. Chapman, J. Bickford. W. Curnow, R. W. Van Icrkiste, W. 5\. Brookes, (}. Martin, J. Orarn, 0. W. Ki^'g, and — Moore. Amon? the lavmen «'ho attended rrere the Mayor of Sydney, the Hon. Ueorjre Allen, M.L.C., Mr. J. Caldwell, M.L.A.. Mr. W. Love, M. L. A., Dr. Moffit, and Messrs. J. and W. Byrnes. Ihe graveyard was reached shortly before 5 o'clock, md the remaining sentences of the burial service 1 irere there read by the Rev. H. Kabone. The ? mourners lingered around the grave for awhile, I md then sorrowfully dispersed. I 