Mn. Bcbke's Ghost Stokv. December, 1804.— I became acquainted with Mrs. (wife of Colonel) Dixon, first at Acton, f afterwards here. From her conversation I gained much amuse ment, and, I hope, some instruction. One or two stories that she told us I am determined not to forget. At a meeting of the Literary Club, at which Dr. JohnEon, Mr. Burke, and several other eminent uiaruuicib ui iuu uay wcie picbuub, lb woo uueervcU that an old gentleman, who had never missed one of the meetings of the society, was that day absent. His absence was considered as the more extraordinary because he happened to be piesident that day. While the company were expressing their surprise at this circumstance, they saw their friend enter the room, wrapped in a long white gown, his countenance wan and very much fallen. He sat down in bis place, and when his friends wondered nt his drees, lie waved his hand, nedded to each separately, and disappeared from the room without speaking. The gentlemen, surprised at tbie circumstance, and determined to investigate it, called for the waiter, and asked whether anybody had been seen upon the staircase which led to the room where they were sitting. They were answered that no percon had been seen either to enter the house or to mount the stairs, and that both tiie staircase and the entrance had been constantly filled with comers and goers. Not satisfied with thi6, they sent to the house of the gtntleman whom they had just seen, to inquire whether he had been out. His residence hannened to be verv near tbe coffee-house where tliey were, aud their messenger immediately returned with the following melancholy intelligence : their friend had died about ten minutes before, of a violent fever, which had confined Mm entirely to his bed for several days. Some of the most eminent men of the club gave themselves great pains to discover the impo sition which some thought had been prac tised upon them ; others firmly believe that their friend's ghost had actually appeared to them ; and _ the latter opinion was confirmed by the total failure of all inquiries. All their efforts proved vain to remove the veil of mystery which hung over this transaction. At last they determined to re move the club to another part of the town, entering at the ssme time into an engagement never to reveal the circumstance wMch had occasioned this change. They wisely thought that such a story, supported by the * A great mkny letters to Mr. Chattel Wynn from Souther hare been printed fy hts eon end hts soa-ln-law, hut this particula ' letter ie not amiinget them, * Acton Psrkj, Wrexham : the scat of Sir B. A. Gunliffe, Bart. evidence of such men as Johnson, Burke, &c.;, might do much mischief while the causes remained unex plained. Many years afterwards, as Mr. Burke was Bitting at dinner withsome friends at Ms own house, ho was told that a poor old woman, who was dying in an obscure garret in the midst of the greatest wretchedness, had just said that she could not die in peace, unless she could reveal a most important secret to Mr. Butke. This summons appeared so like a fraudulent means of (xtorting money, that Mr. Burke refused to go, In a short time, he received a second message still more pressing, and at the same time, such an account was given of the extreme poverty and misery of the poor expiring object, that his compassion was excited, and In- determined to go, in spite of the earnest entreaties of his friends, who still feared far Me safety. They cicoidingly watched in the little obscure alley, saw him ascend the staircase which led to the garret in which he was told that the poor woman was lying, and reminded him that succour was at band. Mr. Buike soon returned. He told his friends that he- had found everything as it had been represented ; that the old woman had died after telling liim a very extraordinary circumstance, which had given hint gleet satisfaction ; he then related all the former pert of this story, and added that the dying woman had confessed that she had been guilty of a neglect which had cost an unfortunate man his life. Site said that upon her death-bed, she was determined to make all the atonement in her power, confess her error, end had therefore requested his presence, know ing him to be the most intimate friend of the de ceared, Sho said that same years before, she was nurse to s gtntleman who was ill of a dangerous fever, and named Mr. Burke's friend. Sue said that cn a par ticular day — which she named -she was told, by the phjsician that the crisis of the disease was that day to be expected, and that tbe ultimate issue of the malady would very much depend upon tho patient's bring kept perfectly quiet at that moment; which could only be done by incessant watching, as the delirium would probably run very high j ust before. In that case, the physician directed that tho patient should be forcibly detained in his bed, as the least cold would prove fatal. He, therefore, ordered the nurie not to leave the room upon any account the whole of the day. Tire nurse added that, in the aftunoon of that day, a neighbour had called upon her : that, seeing the gentleman perfectly quiet, she had v« nturcd to leave his room for ten minutes ; when (he returned, she found her patient gone. In a few minutes he returned and expired immediately. Whin she heard the inquiries made, she was well aware what had given birth to them, but was at that timo prt vented by shame from confessing the truth ! * . 