OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, Tuesday, July 26, 1864. With the thermometer ranging between 75? and 80? Fahrenheit, and the heated air aggravated by a continuous N.E. wind, it cannot be surprising that London is rushing out of town without waiting for the rising of Parliament, which, however, mil take place on July 29th. The harvest has commenced in the I southern counties, the unusual heat and scorching sun having ripened the crops somewhat prematurely. England—it may seem hardly credible to its sons at the antipodes, who have vivid remembrances of weep-' ing skies, fickle weather, and Bpofled picnics— England has been suffering to some extent from drought, though, happily, not of a tropical descrip tion. We have had very little rain during the past month, but much sunshine, a good deal of blight, an increase of vermin, and swarms of insects which have somewhat affected the cereal crops, and injured the cereals. There may be a good harvest, bnt probably not nearly equal to that of hist year even in wheats, while peas, beans, turnips, &&, are likely to be a failure. But my pen has wandered from the topic which deserves prominence this month—the debates of Parliament. We have had a debate of the traditionary character such as has not been known since the great China debate of 1857, when Lord Palmereton, menaced by a coalition —" a fortuitous combination," he called it— turned at bay, and when beaten by a small majority dissolved Parliament, and got rid of some of his most formidable foes. I need not occupy space with the scene in the House of Commons on die evening of the day when the last month's Australian mail left oar shores. On that occasion Mr. Disraeli, to the sur prise of his own friends, and without, I believe, the knowledge of his chief, announced that he should on the earliest occasion ask far a vote of the Hboae on the Danish policy of the Government. Next day Lord Derby mastered his followers at Salisbury House, and in the evening the Opposition leader in the Commons gave notice of his intention to move on the succeeding Monday the following resolu tion:—"To-move a humble address to Her Majesty, to thank Her Majesty for directing the correspondence on Denmark and Germany and the protocols of the Conference recently held in London to be laid before Parliament. To assure Her Majesty that we have heard with deep concern that the sittings of that Conference have been brought to a close without accomplishing the important purposes for which it was convened. To express to Her Majesty our great regret that, while the course pursued by HerMajeetp? Government has foiled to maintain then* avowed policy of upholding the integrity and independence of Denmark, it has lowered the just influence of this country hi the councils of Europe, and thereby diminished the securities for peace." Though Ministers did not directly take up the challenge, Mr. Kinglake, the historian of the Crimean war, announced an amendment, expressing satisfac tion that "at this conjuncture" Her Majesty had not been advised to interfere in the Dano-German war, and it was understood that the Government were ready to accept it. The interval was spent in pre paration. It was known that the division would be a close one, and even on the Wednesday preceding the debate the Conservatives were able to reckon on I 295 votes. Bnt that would not suffice to give them a majority. The continent was scoured, and invalid and pleasure seeking M.P.'e peremptorily summoned from Paris, Naples, and the German epas. Before the conflict commenced in the Commons it was known that the Conservative peers had resolved to take part in it, but only to come in at the death struggle at the end of the week. Lord Derby was, however, unfor tunately for them, laid low wltfa a eeyere attack of the gout,whioh entirely withdrew him from the strife. It is said that his illness was political rather than physical; but this was probably an invention of the enemy, i Early on Monday, July ?&, the whole neighborhood of the Palace of Westminster was the scene of un wonted excitement. There was a perfect rush to the Speaker's and Strangers* Galleries. In die latter case probably 10 times as many "orders" were issued as could be made available. '? First come first served" being the role, there was a crush of strangers long before noon, one prudent and enthusiastic visitor being there before breakfast in order to make "assu rance doubly sure." In Palace Yard and round about there was such a gathering of people as has not been known since the Reform Bill, and the crowd having nothing else to do, cheered every conspicuous member on bis arrival. Both Lord Falmeraton and Mr. Disraeli were impartially applauded. One of the daily papers thus describes the scene within the Hosse: —" Within the House ordinary arrangements were set at nought, and in the gentle manly scramble for seats the sank and file on both sides found themselves in strange and remote places, and were 'abundantly content that they had got any places at aIL The House presented an extraordinary spectacle, resembling in its crowded state, and in the prevailing 'excitement, more the ere of a division after some great party struggle, than the commence ment of a debate. In the body of the House every available seat was occupied, and the members who had arrived late crowded the side galleries or stood in groups below the bar. On this occasion the gal lery on the left band of the Speaker was the most full, the point of attraction this time being the front Opposition bench. His Boyal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, Earl Lord Llanover, Sari Fowis, Lord Houghton, and Mr. Justice Shee sat in the part of the House immediately over the clock assigned to distinguished strangers, and in the seats below the bar on either Eide of the entrance were Earl Russell, the Poet Tenny?on, the Dnke of Argyll, the Bishop of Oxford, and many other persons of note. At exactly half-past 4 the hero of the next three hours entered the House, and was greeted with a very hearty cheer by his friends. The first object on which Mr. Disraeli's eye could have fallen was Mr. Gladstone, looking remarkably fresh, and decorated with a rose in his batton- hole. In a short time Lord Palmerston entered, and the peculiarly parliamentary applause was loud and general from behind and below the Ministerial benches." At about half-past 4 o'clock Mr. Disraeli opened his batteries. He occupied about an hour and a half with a narrative of the unsuccessful negociations of the Government, quoting copiously from the Bine Books, with a running comment The remainder of the three hours in which he addressed the House he consumed in a vigorous, verbose, and somewhat sensa tion attack on the Danish policy of the Government, especially on Earl Russell, whom he accused of otter incapacity. The drift of bis speech was, that op to the outbreak of the Polish insurrection the policy of the Government was to defend Denmark in conjunc tion with Bussia and France —that the six points of Sari Russell's Polish dispatch had alienated Russia— that the curt refusal to sit in Congress had alienated France—and that from the moment both alienations became manifest the policy of the Government became ''incapable." As an oratorical effort Mr. DisraelPs speech was a failure. He was too diffuse, too theatrical, full of bombast and contradictions, and wanting in repose. He spoke more as an actor than a statesman. But he showed that the Government had been unjustifiably tree with their menaces —fussy and meddling when they could not expect any good result, but he quite broke down in making them responsible for all the unhappy events which hare come to pass. The Conservative party supported their champion welL They cheered vociferously and in good time when they caught his meaning ; they made bold efforts to get up with him when they occasionally missed the point of his sarcasm or mistook the object of his declamation. Bat we think some of them must often have felt that their leaderwas only brandishing mock thunderbolts. When venturing on a bold rhetorical flight, somewhat in the style of Louis Quatorze, Mr. Disraeli declared that his policy was simply the honor and interest of the country, we cannot help fliinVing that the laughter which broke from the Ministerial benches was not wholly unechoed even in the ranks of the Opposition. It was already past the diuner-hour—B o'clock— when Mr. Gladstone rose to reply to his antagonist, yet the majority of hon. members stirred not; their interest in the great duel was too great, the charm of tho Chancellor of the Exchequer's magic eloquence was too fascinating. He followed Mr. Disraeli through the Blue Book extracts, as though he had it all at his finger ends, showing where the Opposition leader had " falsified its purpose and effect." (Oh, oh, end cheers.) His defence was, that though Earl Russell had encouraged the Danes and menaced the Ger mans, he had ceased to do so after it was known that France wonld not go hand and hand with England in the business. He made fun of Mr. Disraeli's anxiety about the proposed European Congress, which he had himself characterized as " an adroit manoeuvre." Tne Government did their best to pre vent war. They did not succeed; but they did as well as the other neutral Powers ; as well as France, as well as Russia, as well as Sweden. They could not wage war single-handed—a war which must have gone to the Adriatic and become European. Consider ing that Mr. Gladstone's speech was necessarily im promptu, it wag a marvellous exhibition of debating power. In balf the time his antagonist had taken taken to build up bis case, the Chan cellor of the Exchequer bad demolished it. His perora tion was brilliant, masterly, and in the highest style of dignified eloquence. This motion—the incubation of five months —was intended not to declare a policy, but to depose a Ministry, and was in relation to the public interests " pale and colorles? as a ghost." He entirely denied that the just influence of England had been lowered. He said—"When I read the terms of the motion it seems to me to be nothing better than an echo of the almost ribald language of a few obscure journals of Germany. It is from that source that this intended minister derives his inspi ration. It is from that quarter that lessons of English policy are to be learned. Unhappily there is still in this country a narrow sect of people who revel in the depreciation of every foreign people; it is equally trne that there is a sect of people in France who still retain what was once a national antipathy— though thank God it is so no longer—(loud cheers) — against this country. While (here are readers of such trash there wSI always be writers of it; and it is with this trash which the right hon. gentleman founds votes of want of confidence. Bat again I say, I deny that the just influence of England has been diminished by the honest effort which we have made to teach men justice and mercy. This is the very first occasion that the British House of Com mons has been called upon, for the sake of displacing a Government, to record the degradation of its country. While the House was emptying at the call of hunger Mr. Newdegate rose in the midst of the Conservative benches. His friends scowled, but the hon. member is too used to opposition to mind it. He moved an amendment declaring that the territorial arrangement proposed in the Conference ought to be guaranteed. This was a pacaphrasis to signify that England should go to war for Denmark ; but in a published letter, more interesting than bis speech, Mr. Newdegate ex plains that that was not his meaning. He thought the rejection of his amendment more than probable, but that very feet would convince the Danish people of the hopelessness of English help- And for the rest, why Mr. Disraeli is not hit leader. Here, then, was the first defection from the Opposition ranks, and Mr. Hewdegate was groaned at for his indepen dence. Mr. Kinglake, who followed, was tame. Suc cessful as a writer, he does not shine as a parliamen tary orator. By the time General Peel had risen the bouse was again filling, and Mr. Disraeli's lieu tenant, or adviser-in-general, made a plain, sensible, and manly speech, which the Lord Advocate attempted to reply to. Lord Stanley wound op with some telling remarks which went more directly to the point than Mr. Disraeli's labored oration. It must have been somewhat of a struggle for this philo sophic statesman to be dragged at the heels of a party which he cordially despises; but ancestral claims present themselves to him with the power of Fate. His lordship cannot remain for ever in cold isolation, and has been obliged to make his election. But the position he took in this debate was peculiar. He could not, as an "independent member," have easily supported a no-confidence resolution, in view of Mr. Gladstone's successful finance, and Lord Palmerston'e personal popularity. To have engaged in European war for "' the sake of the Duchies, would have been an act, " not of impolicy, but of insanity"; but by advising, mwnffE' nCi ana' directing, England had incurred a moral responsibility towards Denmark, and raised expectations which had prevented an amicable arrangement. The country had been discredited, if not dishonoured, and such a state of things called for s protest on the part of the House of Commons. The mere fact of Mr. Oobdeu having possession of the M floor" for Tuesday evening drew a very crowded attendance, and the hon. member for Sochdale was equal to the occasion. Though going to vote for Ministers he did not rise to support them, but to show the complete break-down of our system of foreign diplomacy, of our traditional intermeddling, protecting, and threatening. His bits were capital —his touches of humonr inimitable, and even the Premier was ready to laugh at the hits against himself, though Mr Gladstone was stem and unbending. Lord Robert Cecil, the champion of Denmark, was tame and unaggreesive. A bit had evidently been put in his mouth, and unable to give expression to his real feelings, which were favourable to active in tervention, he only railed against the Government. Mr. W. E. Forster followed the lead of Mr. Oobden, but with a more evident leaning to Ministers. Mr. BuUer Johnstone, one of the rising hopes of flic Opposition, vigorously assailed Lord Russell, and en deavoured to give novelty to the debate. There was then a succession of " dinner-hour members, who spoke to a select audience of some fire-and-twenty, but the House filled again when the thrill voice of Mr. Roebuck was heard. "Teansm," as usual, ad ministered a castigation all round. Pompey and Caaar were both equally at fruit, especially Pompey, Ai for Earl Russell, nature intended him for a school master, bat fortune has made him a statesman. The Government had come short in many things, bat he preferred their home and foreign policy to that of the Opposition. There was great speculation when Mr. Horsmaa raw, for there was a latent belief that he was going to side with the Opposition. This was 5 great mistake. Bat Mr. Horsman made the most remarkable and brilliant speech of the debate. He held that the Germane were " self-branded with infamy;" that they had repeated in Denmark their "robber's policy in Poland," and that England was bound by solemn obligations to protect the victim. Bathe held that the shame of England's failure fell on Parliament, whose business it was to control foreign relations, and especially on the Oppo sition, whose doty it was to criticise. Both had held their peace. He could not assent to Mr. Cobden's reading of the policy of non-intervention, bat still less to a policy of non-intervention " which seeks to disturb by words, but shrinks from the responsibility of acts; which advances boldly, to retreat ignominionsly; which broaches doctrines Only to abandon them; which becomes the champion of the weak only to betray them ; which' insults the wrongdoer only to fall back and crouch as he advances." He believed that Earl Russell's despatch of September, 1862, defending the German view in Sohleswig, had been, a torch applied to a pile of com bustibles, and that had we declared the passage of the Eider a ground of war, war would never have broken out. Nevertheless he would not vote for Mr. Bisrael?B motion, for the true failure was that of the Opposition, which in a prolonged and painful crisis had, in a manner equally unconstitutional and un precedented, abdicated their highest functions, and stifled the voice of Parliament. The debate was adjourned to Thursday, the Government having thus far a decided advantage in the debate. The third day's debate was opened by Mr. Layard, whose energy and industry are only equalled by his recklessness and want of tact. With an array of authorities around him it was plain that the Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs was ready for a field day, and Earl Russell was there to hear him. It is not unlikely, as Mr. Layard proceeded to select extracts from the despatches to prove that there were no menaces except in the interests of peace—make believe —that his Lordship most have felt like the prisoner at the bar when his counsel was speaking, that he really didn't know he had as -good a case. Mr. Layard charged direct into the enemy's camp. They had had recourse to "garbled—he might say falsified" extracts from Earl Russell's despatches. He raised the House to a great pitch of excitement on both sides, which soon overflowed into ordinary bounds. Mr. Gathorne Hardy, a "tempestuous speaker," who succeeded him, flung back his charges, and branded them as " calumnious statements." Mr. Layard jumped up and demanded that the words should be taken down. I quote a description of the speeches of the scene which fallowed on the con cluding day's debate. " The Speaker, actuated by the reluctance to put in force the penal rules ot the House, owing to an ignorance he shares with all his precedessors as to what is to be done in order to cany them out in action, intimated, that looking to the habits of the present Parlia ment, he saw nothing in particular in the language in question. This brought up Lord Palmerston in a well-assumed rage, who impeached the decision of the chair; to whom came, in a still better feigned passion, Mr. Disraeli, who brought up Mr. Gladstone in a real one; and in the melee, which grew hot and furious, Mr. Osborne intervened in the new character of the "vir pietate gravis," whose calm and reverend presence has been described as effectual in taming down the passionate impulses of a crowd, and de manded deference to the decision of the chair. On this the Speaker, who had been rather snubbed, in sinuated that both parties were in the wrong, and that the best thing they could do was to let the matter drop, with a promise not to 'do so any more,' which half sarcastic advice was duly followed." At last Mr. Osborne obtained the privilege which belong? to the gentleman who moves the adjournment of the debate. Bat there was a curious incident before the House rose. Mr. Hennessy of long memory had been search ing the journals of the House and had found that in the session of 1855 Lord Palmerston had spoken of the charges of anhon. member— tbatmemberbeingcoriously •nough Mr. Layard—as "false and calumnious." On being appealed to, the Speaker (Mr. Shaw Lefevre) said that his lordship was not out of order. He reported this to the House amidst loud Opposi tion cheers. Lord Palmerston, who had only but a few houre before challenged the decision of the present Speaker, could only cry "Peceavi." On Friday morning the dobs were in a ferment of excitement. The expected Ministerial majority was, it was said, dwindling away. Enormous pressure had been put npon the Irish Catholics, and there was fa?ik of a visit of high ecclesiastics from Borne itself to ecrew them up to the mark. The Times came out that morning with an article to the effect that the Govern ment could not reckon on more than a majority of four—possibly not so many. The news sped through the country, and constituencies began to think of a general election—for it had been authoritatively announced that, if beaten, Lord Palmerston would dissolve at once, and appeal to the country. The throng of people when the House met was greater than ever—of people come to hear the fate of the Ministry and tbe speech of the great comic orator of the House. Mr. Oaborne surpassed himself in his peculiar vein of sarcasm, irony, and humour, and Hi&j;?.pnae listened with gusto to his smart epigrams and' -Jocular outpourings, Lord Palmerston himself joining in the frequent laughter. After this successful attack on the Government Mr. Osborne walked out of the House, and was no more seen. Indeed the House went out bodily to talk over his speech, though Mr. Whiteaide, no feeble master of invective, was on his legs. The Irish orator was eclipsed by his English rival, and was moderate and flat. Then came a posse of independent members, who were glad of the opportunity of speaking, though but to a select few. Then followed Mr. Walpole, who, as becomes the Speaker-expectant of tbe new Parliament, tried to sum up the whole question with calm judicial impartiality, but ended with a regular party assault on tbe Government delivered in solemn tones, and with pompous ver bosity. The rising of Lord Palmerston was a sign that the end was near, and the signal for enthusiastic party applause. He began with his old fire and spirit, but ere long broke down. Mr. Disraeli had the right of reply, and did not neglect it The fullest and most graphic description of the final scene I have met with is the following. It is rather long, but the event was historical, as well as memor able :—" At last the grand result of all this talk came to be decided. An appeal was made to Mr. Newdegate to withdraw his amendment, for which it was understood there would be recorded one vote and the two tellers. Mr. Newdegate for some time was deaf to all appeals, till the Speaker, with a grave face, but, I suspect, a latent love of fun in his heart, proposed that as one lobby would never hold the majority against the amendment, both lobbies should be given op to their use. What was to be done with the minority he did not clearly explain; and happily his project was not put to a practical test, for Mr. Newdegate awoke to the ridicule thus cast upon him, and consented to withdraw his amendment. And so the main question was put, that the words of Mr. Disraeli—those words that Mr. TTingUVo pro. posed to omit —should stand part of the resolution. To this question as put from the chair, Mr. Disraeli's party returned a loud shout of' Aye!' The Ministerial ists having the key-note thus pitehedfor them managed to overtop it by giving a still louder shout of ' No!' The speaker then rung his bell, which resounded loud through every hole and corner—through library, smoking-room, and refreshment-room, through every haunt where members congregate—and a few mem bers—there were bat a few absent—came in. The usual two minutes were allowed to elapse, after which the doors were closed with a 'bang,' and the ques tion was repeated for the benefit of the new-comers. The Opposition, mindful of their former defeat, shouted ' Aye!' louder than before; but again they were overcrowed by the defiant 'Noes!' And so the division began. It was a curious sight to witness the House as the members left their seats and mingled for a moment on the floor forcing their way to the different lobbies. The Tories came up the floor, past the Speaker's chair, to get into tbe lobby on the right; the Ministerialists went down towards the Sergeant-at-Arms to get into that on the left. Watch ing from the gallery, it was natural to endeavor to form an estimate of the result by the numbers that were going in different directions; bat nothing ooald be made oat of this contrast between the faces or the looks of the members as they were presented in opposing currents to the spectators. The Opposition were last in getting out of the House, but that might arise from accident. At last the tellers reported that the House was clear, every mem ber being in tbe one lobby or the other, and the Speaker gave the order for i'the tellers to proceed to telL On came the members, now in reverse order; tbe Opposition came up tbe floor from the chair of the Sergeant-at- Arms, the Ministerialists entered from behind the Speaker. They came on in various atti tudes, some singly, some in groups, some sauntering up the floor, some rushing in hot haste to their seats, while there rose from below an excited hum of con versation. At last the stream began to slacken, and eyes were anxiously turned to the doors for the tellers themselves to come and report the result. Which of the two sides would first make their appearance t Why, there are the tellers for the Ministerial side at the table dictating the number to the clerk. Have they then had the fewest numbers to tell, that they have first finished T Are the Ministers in a minority f It may be an accident. Will the tellers on the other ?ide belong f A minute is passed in agonising suspense —it loolm Oke a quarter of an hour; and then Mr. Brand and Mr. Wbitmore are seen making their way through the crowd at the door. Mr. Bruce, who had pre viously gone to the clerk's table and read on the paper the number for the ' ayes' 295, now made his •way to Mr. Brand as he came up the floor, and, in an agitated whisper, asked him what was his report;—j 813 was the answer. Mr. Bruce immediately showed j bis fitness for the new post to which he has been appointed, of Minister for Education, and, doing a rapid sum in mental arithmetic, he instantly rushed to the side of Lord Palmerston, and, wildly waving hishatin the air, shouted oat 'Eighteen!' The effect was electric; half the members at least on the Ministerial benches waved their hats, others whirled their handkerchiefs round their heads, while the shout of victory rose up loud, long, and jubilant from the excited mass; and all the time nothing had been oS cially announced. The clerk at the table, indeed, had cast up with somewhat nervous fingers the figures, and handed the papers to Mr. Brand; but this official sign of Ministerial triumph only added to the uproar, and the four tellers stood silent in front of the Speaker waiting for the uproar to subside. All this time the Opposition sat silent and gloomy, conscious that they were beaten, and accepting their beating like men and Englishmen. At length quiet was restored, and Mr. Brand found an opportunity to announce that tbe supporters of Mr. Disraeli were 295\. Then it was the turn of the Opposition to raise their shout, and most lustfly they did so. Again i and again did their voices go up in loud acclaim, that' though beaten their numbers were so large, and their party so compact. On the other side Mr. Brand found an opportunity to edge in. The numbers were 313, and the majority 18. The Ministerialists there upon took up their parable ; but this time they were answered by the Opposition, and defiant cheers were bandied about from one side to the other for several minutes. The Opposition, however, soonest got tired of this kind of warfare; and when tile settlement of the question was decisively given by tbe Speaker, the House emptied itself with wonderful rapidity, the Ministerialists maHng the lobbies and Westminster Hall ring with their cheers as they rushed oat. And so ended the great party fight." The comparative largeness of the Ministerial majo rity caused great surprise, especially as 18 Irish Liberals voted against them. Bat five Conservatives, influenced probably by that very fast, went over to the Government, and 15 were absent, including Mr. Newdegate. If tbe Irish members had held aloof. Government would have had a majority of 64. Space will not allow me to advert to the debate wluch on Friday evening was going on simultaneously in the House of Lords.^Lord Malmesbury was a poor substitute for Lord Derby, and the Duke of Argyle and Lords Wodehouse, Clarendon, and Russell were a fair match for Lords Chelmsford, Carnarvon, and Grey. Perhaps the most noticeable point in the debate was Lord Clarendon's statement that the refusal of France to co- operate with England in going to war for Denmark was in a great measure due to the refusal of our Government to break with Russia in the interest of Poland, and his strong remarks on the importance of re-cementing the French alliance. Tbe division was as remarkable as that of the Commons, which preceded it only by a few minutes on Saturday morning. A large majority against the Government in the Upper House would have had no practical result, but, as it happened, they did get a majority of four among the peers actually present, which, by the aid of proxies, was turned into a minority of nine. Their Lordships, contrary to custom, were surprised into a contest of cheers and counter- cheers, which showed that they can on occa sion throw off their usual impassivenees. On the Friday preceding the great debate tbe House of Commons was the theatre of an unusual scene. Two days previous, contrary to expectation, the Opposition had allowed the University Tests (Oxford) Bill to pass through Committee without obstruction. The third reading was fixed for Friday. The promoters of the Bill to prevent delay did not speak, and, after a abort address from Sir W. Heath cote, the House went to a division, and by 150 to 140 rejected his amendment for deferring the Bill for three months. On the motion that the Bill be read a third time Lord Robert Cecil spoke against time, and bitterly assailed the conduct of the Government in this case. Other Tory members followed his example, and time was thus given to scour the club houses of absentees. Then the Speaker put the question, and there was a tie—l7o for and against the third reading. To give the chance of another vote tbe Speaker voted with the Ayes. He then put the question that the Bill do pass. The Opposition had managed to bring up three more members, the Liberals only one, and the Bill was finally rejected by 173 to 171. The scene at the bringing up the announcement of the numbers was extremely animated. The instant it became known that there was a majority for the " noes," the opponents of the bill displayed consi derable excitement; and when the clerk at tbe table handed the paper to Sir W. Heathcote, one of the tellers " against," loud, and repeated bursts of cheering were raised, among which the hon. baronet several times endeavoured in vain to announce to the Speaker the result of the division. When at length he suc ceeded in doing co the cheering was recommenced, and continued until the House had gone into com mittee on the next order. Apropos ot the motion made in the Melbourne Legislature for re- transporting to England a number of expirees, and of its own correspondents' assurance that the Eastern Australasians will never give up the transportation question till their claims are granted, the Times gives you all a Bevere wigging, and follows up the arguments of Mr. Cardwell to the effect that something is due to the Government wliich prevented an increase of the evil. The leading journal does not pretend to judge of the importance to be attached to the novel motion referred to, bat takes occasion to utter these words of ? arming:—" We can only draw the attention of the Australian colonies most earnestly to the difference between the contro versy on which they are now entering, and the con troversy from which they have just emerged. It was one thing for England to yield to the representations of the colonies before the Government or the country were in any way committed to the recommenda tions of the Commission; it is another thing for England to abandon at their bidding a place of secondary punishment, fitted np at vast expense, and employed for many years for the purposes of the Empire. Whatever be the course ultimately adopted by the Home Government, it is quite clear that the view? of the colony could only be retarded by snch a demonstration as we have alluded to. Season may do much, but nothing is to be hoped from violence or menace. In the days in which we live our colonies have nothing to fear from the coercion of the mother country. So far from exercising dominion over them, the most to which we seem to aspire is that they should not exercise dominion over us. We only seek to employ for our own purposes a territory which is undoubtedly our own; we lead our colonies by a silken thread. So long as they are content to follow, we are well satisfied to bear the burden they impose spen as. It may even be that we may concede, for the sake of peace and harmony, many things which we would not give up as a matter of right; but the colonies most clearly understand the new relations in which they stand towards us. We shall never com mit the error of our ancestors and endeavor to compel by force a union which is no longer the result of mutual goodwill. In the present state of opinion the danger rather is, not that we should be over retentive of our Colonies, but that we should be too ready to let them go. The relation between us sub sists on reciprocal goodwill and affection, and when these are gone the relation itself is not worth pre serving. It is quite incompatible with each measures as have been threatened. England is capable of making many concessions to retain the goodwill and loyalty of her dependencies, bat when that goodwill and loyalty are gone the dependencies themselves are little worth preserving. We know on which side the burden of the union rests, and are not likely to submit to at tempts at coercion founded on our supposed unwil lingness to break it." The Times very ingeniously begs the question, and the Australians, in response to its sentimental appeals, may be disposed to reply in the sense of the old proverb, "Fine words butter no parsnips." The claim to gratitude for wrong not inflicted can scarcely be expected to prove so irresistible as that for good done. The Australians, I should imagine, desire only to believe that " England is capable of making many concessions to retain their goodwill and loyalty," and think that the opportunity now offers. Bat appeals ad miseracordiam are not now suited to the occasion. They only indicate that those who make them have a weak case, and such is the fact. This is not a ease between the mother-country and her Australian colonies. Englishmen will not be cast down if transportation to Western Australia is put an end to. A decree to that effect would excite no sensation—would indeed only meet with approval from all who value the " reciprocal good-will and affection" of the parties concerned. Here it is a Go vernment, not a national question; and it will be difficult to make the nation believe that imperial interests are involved in emptying our refuse on your shores. It is clear that our Executive are convinced they must yield tbe point at issue; and all patriotic Englishmen will desire that it may be yielded in time, and with grace, so as "to retain the goodwill and loyalty of our dependencies." Lord Alfred Churchill had given notice of a mo tion in the House of Commons condemning the increase of postage to Australia. A deputation of leading colonists in this country waited npon the Postmaster' General. They very effectively stated their case, as will be seen from the report I send you. They seem to have made a considerable impression upon Lord Stanley of Alderley, who promised to communicate with the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The result appears in a short conversation in the House of Commons on the 13th instant Lord A. Churchill asked the Secretary to the Treasury whether he would object to postpone the execution of the recent increase in the rate of postage to Australia until the colonies had been communicated with as to their desire to have a bi-monthly mail in conjunction with Hue increase of the postage rate. Mr. F. Peel said that he would take that course. The object of the Government in proposing an increase in the rate of postage was partly to reduce the cost of the Australian service, aad partly to (provide means to defray the expense of b second i monthly communication. . There was a strong desire to have a fortnightly mail, but the Government had a strong objection to ask the House for an additional subsidy. They had not, in tbe first instance, pro posed any plan, because they understood that there was a scheme for providing a communication by way of Panama independent of them, bat that having been given up, they had thought it best to revert to their original idea; they would not, however, make shy alteration tQI there had been time tor communi cation with the colony. Lord A. Churchul, under these circumstances, would not proceed with his motion. (Hear, hear.) Since then the Post Office have issued a formal order restoring the old rates of postage to the Australian colonies. The heavy loss of British officers in the untoward event at the Gate Pah has created a great sensation in this country, especially in the higher circles of society. The question is being angrily asked why the best blood of Englishmen is to be ponied forth to pro mote objects in which the mother country has only a subordinate interest, and to carry out a policy mainly dictated by colonial authority. It will not hence i excite surprise that the debate on the New Zealand 1 loan of a million, which is to be guaranteed by the Imperial Government has brought out very strong opinions as to the policy and continuance of tbe war. The blame is now all thrown npon the colonists of New Zealand, who are accused of merely using Imperial troops to exterminate the natives and and seize their lands. All the antece dents of the struggle are now lost sight of. The Times, obedient to the political weather-vane, has turned round and writes in this wise : —" We have quarrelled with half the nations of the earth for the sake of the negro, yet we find our selves employing our choicest troops with very in different success, as the agents in a war of extermina tion. We are shedding our blood to add one more to the long list of nationalities which die gentle and pious Anglo-Saxon race have swept off the face of the earth. And this we do at the bidding of s small colony, for whose selfish purposes we are con tent to assume the ignoble office of executioner upon a race fighting for all that makes life worth having. If the colonists of New Zealand have determined to exterminate its aboriginal inhabitants and take their kind for a spoil, can no other arm than ours be found to fight the ignoble battle, and execute the execrable sentence." The Loan Bill has met with protracted opposition, though it has passed, and the country seems to have made up its mind that the war in New Zealand must be brought to a speedy end by some means. Mr. Arthur Mills expresses this feeling in the resolution of which he has given notice, that on the reassembling of Parliament next session (unless peace ehonld in the meantime have been concluded in New Zealand, on terms which in the opinion of the Queen's represen tative in the colony were just and equitable to the native race), he would move an bumble address to Her Majesty, praying that she would be graciously pleased to forbid the farther employment of Her Majesty's forces in the prosecution of a war in which the taxpayers of the United Kingdom had no interest, and over the conduct of which the Imperial Govern ment had no practical control. Another and more agreeable colonial question yet remains to be touched on, of no little interest to Australians. I need hardly say that the Canadian Government is always in a state of dead lock, and that Ministerial crises have for the last three years been the rule, not the exception. The difference of race, language, religion, and laws between the majority of the population of Upper and Lower Canada has proved too strong for the legislative and political union effected more than a quarter of a century ago. It is therefore proposed to solve the difficulty by adopting a Federal union. With that view Mr. Brown, the leader of the Opposi tion, has agreed to act with the recently-defeated Ministry of Messrs. Carrier and Macdonald. The basis of common action agreed upon as the result of the negotiations between the two political parties was announced to the Assembly in the following terms: — " The Government are prepared to pledge themselves to bring in a measure next session for the purpose of removing existing difficulties, by introducing tbe Federal principlcinto'Canada, coupled with each provi sions as will permit the Maritime Provinces and the North-west territory to be incorporated into the same system of government. And the Government will seek, by sending representatives to the Lower Pro vinces and to England, to secure the assent of those interests which are beyond the control of our own Legislature to such a measure as will enable all British North America to be united under a general Legislature based upon tbe Federal principle." it is believed that the Government, constituted on this basis, will command a net numerical majority of one-third of the Lower House, and there 13 reason to believe that, as far as the Canadas are concerned, the plan of Federation will have been adopted before the next general elec tion. It is more doubtful whether New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward's Island, and Newfound land will adhere to the scheme. If they should do co, the British North American Provinces will for many important purposes became one great state. Possibly they might seek for a Prince of the Royal blood to rule over them, but undoubtedly the change would be in the direction of independence and of eventual separation from the mother country. As Sir Richard MacDonnell is about to proceed out as Governor of Nova Scotia, he has retired from the Board of the North Australian Company. His position as Chairman of that company has been filled by A. L. Elder, Esq., and Joseph Bravo, Esq., has been appointed to the vacancy in the direction. The Company have now taken offices at 4, Adam Court, Old Broad-street, and have appointed as their per manent Secretary Mr. Alex. W. BelL To-day has been appointed as then* settling-day, and their name has been officially marked on the Stock Exchange list—a concession of some consequence in this day of bubble companies. I understand that the applica tions for the lots of country land under the new allot ment scheme for North Australia are not numerous, but that the town lots are in demand in the market, and the 7s. 6d. shares cannot be purchased under 12s. 