CARDINAL WISE M AA ON DR. COLENSO ASD GA RIBALDI. In his ' Trinity Sunday Pastoral, Cardinal Wiseman speaks at length upon the religious movement which may be said to date from the publi cation of ' Essays and Reviews, 'and of Dr. Colenso's book on the Penta teuch. He says : — Your strongest support and your sublimest aspirations were centred in this belief and hope that you were made to the image of God in Trinity. Science pretends to overthrow this belief, and so deprive you of your most ennobling and consoling princi ple of life and action. No, if science, as now read by two many, says true, there was no time when God could have created man ; no moment in which Ho could have impressed on him His own divine image. The human race, acconlingto this version, springs from some scarcely organised rudiment of matter, which gradually went on, through millions of ages, unfolding its means and powers of i life ; till having passed through va rious brutish improvements, it reach ed the stage of cxistancc which immu diatly preceded the human, provi ding for our inheritance — for the man the matured intelligence, for the woman the ripened graces, of the ape, or the baboon. God help us ! that many should have allowed themselves to accept such an origin ; while a whole host of proofs ass gns to us that of revelation ; makes man the bonding liuk between unthinking matter and the breath of God, which made him sentient, reasoning moral, and imperishable. Nuy, which made him God-like, and almost God. ' 1 have said, ye are Gods. ' There have been growing in the last few months alarming symtoms not of religious indifference, out of be trayals of the Faith, by those to whom the public will of this country had entrusted its guardianship, at least in what is broadly designated Christianity. You (ill Heard, that within a comparatively recent period, in the very body conslituded by law, to preach and defend the doctrines of revclatian,*there has been slowly generated, but at last outwardly manifested, a canker of rationalism ; which, if it spread, must eat out vi tality, and so extinguish life. Lear ned men, in high dignity, have lifted up if they have not now thrown off the cloak which wrapped up in decent concealment the hid eous sore. The inspiration of Holy Scripture, the eternity of torments for the wicked, are among the more prominent doctrines, which these writings have been held most prom inently to impugn, to the scandal of many. To their aid has advanced a scholar of peculiar learning and skill, of whom the people might naturally say. ' One that is a priest of the seed of Aaron is come, he will not deceive us. ' In volume after volume he has denied, not without much ap parent research, the truth of the Books of Moses.atid consequently hU account of the creation of the world and of man. Need we say, that, without our specifying other doc triues, there was enough in what we have mentioned, to evoke from long torpor, and briug into fearless acti vity, any power, preservative or cu rative, cntidote or raclicitie, which lay in the hands of that body to which the bulk of the people look for reli gious teaching or fur guidance in their own mere humble inquires ? Answers, totally inadequate, have indeed appeared, from other conten ding scholar. But from those who hold, by law, the office which St. Paul describes as so full of correc tive energy, there has been no active demonstration of consciounees of its possession ; no ' being instant in sea son, and out of season ; ' no efficaci ous ' reproving, entreating, re buking, in all patience and doctrine ' No Synod has been convoked to condemn doctrines more false and fatal than those of Arins ; no sword of the spirit drawn, if not to smite the blasphem t, to cut out his infecting sore ; no combined assertion of ' It hath seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us, ' in fine no decisive, irre vocable, authoritative declaration or reassertion of doctrines of Scriptu ral inspiration, and the eternity of punishment. May we not, therlore, conclude, that this supposed tea ching body feels within itself that want ot power to act outwardly, which instinct makes us feel, when in the prssence of a wide chasm, that our frame wonld refuse to obey our will, if this impelled us forward over it; and that our attempt to leap it must end in an ignorainiouusfn!) ? In fact go unreliant has it shown itself, now as belore, on its own inborn, or Heavenrgranted, authority and suc cess, that this most solemn and purely religious controversy has passed iuto the hands of laymen, from the hall of the priests to the tribunal of.Cse sar. Now, this has given judgement, with the minute descrimination, the carelul sifting, and the cold impartia lity, which could have marked a de cision on a conveyance of property, or thctrnsmissionofalepfacy. Aud what is remarkable indeed is, that the judgement has gone forth, as valid, and inconcussible, ia spite of assessors impugning it, who belong to the highest order of religious tea chers recognised by the State. What is the consequence ? Why, practic ally, that henceforth the inspiration of any nropussod portion of the Holy Scripture may be safely denied, within the pale of the uatonal religi ous establishment : and thus falls, { what has been consdered' the pillar and groundwork ' of its doctrine. And 60 may anyone, securely, deny that eternal fire of the Judgemet to come, which is more effectual for converting pinners than the reading whirl) terrified Felix in his powerful wickedness, and Simon Magus in his cunning impiety. And in this way the gerat moral ground of divine fear is cut from under the feet of the unrelenting, who now may go on in their way rejoicimg. When we see the fonndationsofrcvealcd truth thus sapped and abandoned, after a short and in effectual struggle, by those placed on its walls to defend them, must we not be anxious, and even weep ? Must we not feel dismayed at contemplating the gulf of infid elity towards which the barque, abandoned by its steersmen, is evi dently drifting ? He then refers to Garibalddi's visit to this country, ' an occurrence most hu -.'iliating to Christianity it self. He says : We have the military character of one, who was made prisoner in bat tle against his own Sovereign's troops, and who waa wounded by a missile from his armoury, to those gallant men who never paid such homage to a Napier or a Clyde, but who have ercr considered that a soldier's loyalty and honor should be as spotless and as highly bur nished as his sword. We leave to our statesmen of every party to pro nounce on the place to be accorded in their ranks to one who to-day advocates and perpetrates the des truction of thrones/and give public re wards for the attempted assassination of kings, and to-morrow exhorts his fellow-siihpcts to reject the consti tutional Government of his country, and centre all authority in a des potic dictatorship. But one thing, at least, there is one which we have a right to judge, to feel, and to speak. Touch religious matters with scorn and blasphemy, speak contumaciously of what we most reverence and love ; and you touch the very apple of our eye, and we have a right to cry aloud, with pain, perhaps with shame. Some months before his visit, this soldier and statesman, assuming the highest possible position, addressed a letter ' to the English nation,' dated September 28, 18G2. From it we extract the following passage: — ' The initiative that to-day belongs to you, might not be yours tomor row. May God avert this ! Who more bravely took the initiative than France in '59 ? She, who in that solemn moment gave to the world the God3ess Reason, levelled tyranny to the dust, and consecrated free brotherhood between nations. After almost a century, she ib re duced to combat the liberty of na tions, to protect tyranny, and to direct her only efforts to steady on the ruins of the temple of Reason, that hideous immoral monstrosity, the Papacy.' Many of you doubtless know what France, drunk with the spirit of irreligion and disloyalty, did to inaugurate the Goddess of Reason, and give her solemnly to the world To those who do not, it may suffice to say, that whatever the prophet and our Lord meant by the ' aborai na tion of desolation, standing in the holy place,' this expression was verified most literally. The triumph of Rationalism over Christianity was symbolised by 'a hideous im moral monstrosity,' too Jeteotible to be described. This representation, by an act of sacriligious solemnity of the victors by reason over revelation, was thus eulogised in an address to the British nation, by the man to whom it is said English ladies knelt. Be it so, The French nation was extolled for that ohscene worship, and is reprobated for having repented of its foolish wickedness And in conformity with this praise and this blame must tho religion of its ut terer be considered to stand. Not in the common crowd, not mingled with Dissenting ministers, in the general levees, but standing apart, elaborately separated, were the leaders, we will no say, the repre sentatives, of the Anglican clergy. Three and three from each highest clas3 of the na tional hierarchy came forward, not as statesmen, not as soldiers, not as worldlings— but therefore as pri ests and bishops— to greet the man who has preached to them the doc trines, and applauded to them prac tices, far beyond those in Wicked ness, to the procluiraeis of whioh the I Word of God forbids us to 6ay, God' speed you,' With one hand grasping the right hand of him who had cal led on them, indirectly at least, to in stall the Goddess of Reason on the altars of their ministers—for this was what France did— with the other feebly condemJing the doctines of that Goddess. Oh, pity, pity, ! at least, if not worsej that such a spec tacle should have deen exibited to England, at the time, the moment, ? when every energy of every hand , should be put forth, not to dally with | but to crush, the spirit, however em bodied, of infidelity as well as dis- j loyalty. | 