TELEGRAPHIC. FROM OUT TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENT DRAYTON November 2. Mr. J. Watts has been elected without op- position as a member for the Western Downs District, in the place of the late Honorable T. De Lacy Moffitt. He was proposed by Mr. Edmund Morey, and seconded by Dr. Burke. About seventy persons were present. . Mr. Watts, in returning thanks to the elec- tors, stared that he was a genoral supporter of the government, but would not be found a blind follower of it. Ho differed greatly with Bishop Tufnell, us regarded his recent proceedings. Mi-. AVatts, in tho course of his address, paid a very graceful tributo to tho memory of tho late Treasurer. , SYDNEY. ' The Yarra sailed yesterday for Brisbane A number o( convicts allomptcd to escapo from Darlinghurst Guol yesterday. Failing in their attempt they destroyed nil tho fixtures in the school-house. Thoy attacked the warders, ono of whom fired at a prisonor and shot him. This had a salutary effect upon the othor pri- soners, who then surrendered. It is probablo that a division on tho want of confidenco motion will take placo this evening. News lo tho I8II1 October has been received from Auckland. Tho prisouors who escaped have boon called upon to surrender, and failing compliance compulsory stops will bo taken. As Boon as tho question is sottled General Cameron will proceed to Taranaki. Tho South Australian, for tho Northern terri- tory, will loavo hero on Tuesday, and will, call ni Brisbane. Captain Mayne, the Audit or-Gonoral, is to ro coivo tho iippointmonl of colonial agent in Lon- don nice Mr. Hamilton, who is about to retire. Morgan's gang havo pluudorcd a station forty miles from Jerilderie Flour is Btcady. The cargo of Chilian dour, per Colmar, has beon placed privately at tho ràto of £19. MELBOURNE. Business is steady. Alo und porter aro rising in price. Salt is Armor. " ADELAIDE. Tho capital of tho Northern Territory has been named Palmerston. Tho Now Town Hall has boen formally opened by his Excellency the Governor. Flour is dull, and prices aro ' lower. AVhcal 's quoted al 9s. /__We publish in this day's issuo a condonsod nreport of tho pioccodings of tho Synod of tho Presbyterian. Church of Queensland. Tho amount of business transacted was very cousi dorablc, and the spirit that ' eharactorisod tho entire proceedings W113 of tho happiest kind. AVo may now fairly congratulate our Presby- terian frionds Hint their divisions aro al an end, and that a fino Hold for oxtensivo usefulness is open boforo thom. Not tho least gracoful and pleasing act of tho Synod was the appointmout of tho Rov. Mr. Mowbray lo the Moderator's chair. Ho is, wo boliove, (ho oldest resident clergyman in Queensland. Ho has boon long and dosorvedly ostoomod for his wisdom mid his worth, and wo trust tho rovorond gont loman will bo spared, no1 only to presido over the delibera- tions of tho ohuroh ol' his fathors, but lo tako part in ovcry good work amongst us. The Campbell Minstrels gavo an entertain- ment a few weoks since, for tho benefit of tho Citizons'.Voluiileer Fire Brigade Tho weather, howovor, proved unpropitio'us, mid only a small Binn (25s.) , was roalisod. Tho amount was kindly sent by tho Minstrels to tho Brigade (which has sinco bocomo defunct), and has boen forwarded by Mr. Fairfax lo tho treasurer of the Brisbano . Hospital, for the benefit of tho funds of that institution. The Cumpbolls oiitortiiiumont, last ovoning, at tho School of Arts, was a decided succos's. Indeed, tho lougor thoy slay in Brisbano it up pears they aro Iho moro appreciated, and bel ter patronised. Tho manner in which the very attractive progr.immo was rendered last evening was such 119 to socuro tho approbation of ono of Iho largest iiudioucoä which has yet rewarded their efforts in Brisbane Tho onlorluinmcnt was for the bouofit of. Messrs. Howson and Templeton, and wo eau cougratulnto thoso geu llomeu upon having secured a considerable num- ber of admirare among tho Brisbano public, as was ovidonced by tho largo attendance. Tho first part of tho progriumno consisted of a musical selection, which comprisod the wholo of Iho gems which havo bocomo popular sinco their introduction by tho Minstrels. Thoro was a novel feature in it also, which is doserving of remark-nu umatour for tho nonce, assumed Iho duties of the regular tambourine player, and showed that ho was scarcely a novice in tho manipulât ion of that interesting musical instru- ment. Hit rendering of a local comic song " Brisbano Girls" was very good ; and some of his local allusions also received much applause Tho " Sleeping Chorus," whioh has boon oulo gised on previous occasions, concluded tho first part of the programme Part two, in which tho Minstrels appeared without the obony, com- menced with tho old mid beautiful duotl, "AVhat aro tho AA'ild AVavos Saying," by Mossra. How- son and Braham, and was succeeded by some- thing irresistibly comic-" Root Hog or dio" by Mr. Bent, which, as 11 matter of course, was encored. Mr. Templcton'ssolo (operatic) ou tho concertina was also desorvedly applauded. Mr Howson followed with a coniio song, "Hino you Been tho Ghost," and tho immitnblo manner in which ho rcudorod that very funny 'song socurod'a rapturous encore, in response to which ho introduced tho " Seven Agos of Man," nnothor picco admirably adaptod to devclopo his oxquisito facility for sorio- comio rendition. Tho second part concluded with tho Rattlesnake Jig, hy Dick Sandford. The ontcrtainmont terminated willi the nrw furco of the "ATirginny Mummy," which succeeded in keeping oiorybody present in a roar of laughter from its commencement to its finish. " Slim Jim," the iifierpicco hitherto played so successfully by tho Campbells, nover carried tho audience with it bo spontaneously us did tho " Mummy" last evening. Ii has to be seen to be fairly appreciated. Mr. Bent, who did the " nmiinnj" to perfection, imnoiititvd ni the concusión ol' the performnuec that (lie mimic i programme, would bo repented I his ruMimg, when dculitlesf another buinpei hous< Mil hugh j at the sbjiu'dv'ouiiciüiir ol'(he MmvlnU, ' On roforonco "to our tolographio news it will bo seen that Mr. John AVatts has boon elected | without opposition as a representativo of tho AVestern Downs in the Logislalivo Assombly. Tho vacancy was caused by Iho death of tho lalo Treasurer. AVo understand that Mr. AVatts is likely to bo a valuable member of tho House ; as although ho announces himself as a ministe- rial supporter, ho reserves tho right of oxorcising an independent voto when ho disapproves of any government mcasuro. In fact, ho will not bo a " blind follower." AVe pcrceivo by an advorlisemont in anothor column that Professor O'Brien, Iho "Irish AVuard," intends lo givo an afternoon perform- ance, at tho Armoury, to-morrow, and also on Saturday, under tho patronage of tho Hon. Colonel O'Connoll, M.L.C. On tho ovoning of | Friday tho entertainment will ho givon by Mr. O'Brien in aid of the Aroluntoor band fund. AVe boliovo Mr. O'Brien is an adopt in the art of logordomuin, and no doubt he will bo moro extonsively patronised in the city than ho could oxpeel to bo in Fortitudo Valley. Bartixe's entertainment was not so well ] patronised last ovoning'as might havo been oxpectod from Clio novel character of tho per- formance Tho programuio was similar to that of tho previous ovoning, and was not interrupted by the .delays which interfered with its first representation. Tho grouping of Herr Cushla I was open to tho sumo objection of bad "taste int tho draping of tho -various figures. However well tho colors of red, whilo, and blue may look in a Hug, llioy aro certainly out of placo when mingled together for effect in what is intended to represent a classic poié. Bartine was as good as ovcrj but appears inclined lo-reservo his. principal fouls for a larger audience than that of last night. Tho performance will bo re- pealed this evening, and is woll worthy of a visit. " i 