OPT!. TtOADS. To tite Editor of the Spectator. Sir, — Your correspondent ' Macadam's ' ides of improving the mode of constructing onr roads by means of a. newspaper correspondence, is tlie most original idea I see in his letter. If sucb a proceeding be necessary it either be speaks 8 great want of tlie ordinary knowledge of their professioninthosewhoarecntrusted with tbe making of our roads, or it evinces an unusual amount ofsucb knowledge distributed among the «*»npral nnWip. T am inplined tn tlie latter idea ; indeed my supposition is partly confirmed by the brilliant suggestions we occasionally be hold illuminating tlie columns of the press. Ko ? doubt there is a mass of talent lying dormant in the bashful public mind, which only requires a proper amount of wheedling to bring it forth in all its abundant completeness, to the consterna tion and overthrow of conservative professional imbecility. I tremble for the poor devils (the road engineers, to wit), when I think of the sig nal discomfiture that awaits them. Hook around ma anxiously for a shield that shall save them (I have a sneaking regard for one of them who gave me a job once) from 'the innovating wrath to ccrae ; bat I see none : ani this calamity called forth, too, by a degenerate disciple, who no doubt has assumed the name, of their great progenitor. On reading the encouraging communication of Macadam — I am a. bullock-driver, and am idle, having broken my pole yesterday in trying to put on the ' screw ' — my bosom swelled with hope ; my hair began to bristle with a superna tural sensation; and 1 felt myself becoming imbued with untold mysteries concerning road making. I exclaimed aloud — Why should vre sot bave good roads ? Why should we not excel tbe ways of the Calmucs ? of the United Sta ? , 1 mean tlie Patagonians ? of, of, of — when I was interrupted by the entrance of Bill Soaily, saying, ' Are yer a going for to go for that yer dray what's a sticking in the mud ':' I must start to the rescue with twenty-four bol locks ; but, Mr. Editor, I mean to give you soaie of the result of my inspiration one of these days. The above was given to me by my f.i'ind, Tom Cockburn, to be forwarded to you. Upon perusing it, I found that he had not entered as fully into the details of Macadam's letter as he might have done ; wherefore I trouble you with an addition of my own ; and, as I am of the same trade as my friend Turn, I feel keenly npon all projects having the ghost of a chance of improving our ways, I quite coincide with the ideas of Mac, re. inecting timDer bridges. We have plenty of cxcellent««mber for this purpose, and if the structnre be well pat together, anil supported by pile's driven to a proper depth in the place of sills or other contrivances, when such bridges are wanted in black deep soil and alluvial flats, ?we may reckon upon them tor thirty yean. Indeed bridges in snch situations should alwayB be constructed of timber. I wonld not advocate timber structures for water waye, and under embankments, where their failure or repairs would entail considerable expense. In snch si tuations good brickwork will be found the cheapest material in the end. There will be many instances in which the difference of cost between timber bridges and combinations of stone and timber, will be so small as to be a matter of no moment. In such suitable instances I would recommend the combination here re ferred to. With respect to roads where stone is abundant being formed of machine broken -metal alone, the veiy few cases where this proceeding would be advisable are decidedly exceptional to the general rale. In feet this mode would, in this part of the country, cost much more than tbe system now pursued, for an equal amount of efficiency ; even with the aid of machinery. It is counter to the usual practice of macadamised road making, since its Bret institution, but per haps your ' Macadam' is wiser than all who liave gone before. Tour correspondents deductions touching this matter would hold good in certain situ-itions ; but they would be utter failures in most cases. Hie same exception will obtain in the gravel question ; and the piece of road referred to on Mackersey's station proves nothing, except that the gravel npon that piece appears to have an swered, JBmpirical rules are dangerous in all \- cases, and gagcially so in new countries. ''^^^^ffiRsffiEuvs111 fcU£y£UBoou w-Sjxteiing-s-E-sAtioeil* width for nude, E have no doubt is very good, and that in many cases tbe adoption of it would affect a considerable saving. There will be cases in which it will not be advisable to carry it out strictly, such as in long stretches of very bad ground, but these cases ahould be left to the judgement of those persons entrusted with such things. In Victoria this plan can be made available for district or secoudary roads only. Tbc formarion of main roads having to be carried out in accordance with plans approved by the Government, I do not think they would sanction the making of such roads of the width suggested. However, it is evident that district roads wide enough for a dray are and will be ample for the requirements of the country. It is customary with some people to look to America for all sorts of paragons, and to see nothing but perfection in the novel ideas of that place, just as Englishmen ot old nsed to look to France for everything that was detestable: Sow, if there really be such excellence in their original contrivances, it does not arise from copying the works of other peoples, but by an independent application of the natural m^ans best suited to the localities. The extracts from the American author quoted by 'Macadam ' are I suppose, well suited to the purpose for which they were written, but they can have no bearing upon our wants. Now it will be as well to see what can be held to be wide enough fur a single dray track. The most drays will Average is about six feet six, from out to out of wheels ; the largest say seven feet. It is is well known that bullock drivers are not the steadiest of men, and that they are not such good drivers as the London cabby e ; therefore it will be necessaiy to give a little play. If it be considered, that eighteen inches on either side will be sufficient for this purpose, or three feet in excess of greatest wheel base, it will give a width of ten feet for the single dray track, and I think this is quite sufficient Taking the cost of this reduced width, in the proportion of the cost of roads of the ordinary width, the saving should amount to from thirty to thirty-five per cent. Special care would be required in tbe construction of these narrow roads, as the outer footor eighteen indies on each Bide would be the first to fail. Having mentioned draymen and drays has caused me to notice a curious anomaly. I find that tbe tire of the wheel of drays, no matter what weight they are intended to carry, seldom, if at all, exceeds three and a half inches in breadth. Now, as some of these drays occa sionally cany five or six tons, this seems to be the most stupid oversight that can be imagined. Such veMflem£orntein t bit -country «hq-3d:J--e, fitted with tires according to the fbUopjng scale, the additional weight wonld not be worth con sideration : — A cart or dray to carry up to two tons, tire, four inches broad. A dray to carry np to four tons, tire, eight inches broad A dray to carry from four tons upwards, tire, twelve inches broad. Waggon to cany from four tons upwards, tire, eight inches broad. The wheels should be made without any ' dish,' tet upon a straight axle, and the tire shonld be a transverse section of cylinder, with bolt heads countersunk. It appears to me very strange that in a new errantry like this, almost devoid of roads, that wheelwrights should be so blind to the require ments of their art. The advantages that this simple alteration Would secure to tbe draymen is almost incredible. Besides the greatly dimi nished tractive focpe that would be required, he would be enabled to pass with eaae places that he otherwise would utterly fail to get over. In deed, a dray with tires according to the scale here given, and with its full complement, could readly pass from any one town to another, dur ing any part of the winter. The widths of tires here given is is in excess of the general scale adopted on the toll roads of England, but such ' excess is needed here. Indeed, an English wag gon would travel here when a colonial waggon could not. As there is but small portions of roads as yet formed in the Western district, it is scarce necessary for the road authorities to in terfere in this matter, but they will ultimately have to do so, and adopt Borne such scale ail have mentioned. I do not cleaily understand what is meant by steam machinery ' breaking stone at a profit which could not be effected by hand.' It is evident that if machinery cannot in all cases ompete successfully with manual labour, and also effect a large saving, that it should not in such cases be introduced at all. In any district where the proper material for stone breaking machinery is plentiful and well distributed, its use cannot fail to cause a saving of from twenty live to fifty per cent in the cott cf metal. -There is also no doubt upon my mind that the intro duction of sawing and brick m«lring machinery would in some instanrtfi repay the ontlay in one year. When a timber bridge is wanted, tile sawn stuff has to be carried from twenty to' thirty miles, and costs from fifteen to twenty shillings per hundred, sawyers1 measurement, when, with proper appliances, equally pood stuff could be cut close to the work and deli \- - ^SLjftjat&MflnJi;'-ng1 per honored. * Tine mA cblniTy necessary to eHeet this great saving (a twelve borne portable engine is supposed to 'be poseesBed for other purposes) would be; a Same of vertical saws, mounted on a strong ibur wheeled -truck and a circiJiir saw bench. Tbe same saving will obtain with bricks. I nave not seen a good brick in the Western district, and t'.iere is npt better day for that purpose than may be found anywhere about here. The chief reason why good bricks are not made is, because the material is not sufficiently wrought at first, and too much haste or neglect is allowed in the succeeding processes. Now, these very indifferent bricks cannot be produced tinder the most fa vourable circumstances, under thirty shillings per thousand ; and then they are fit for nothing but 'inside work. By the aid of a proper steam driven pug-mill, and brick making machine, good bricks can be completed at less than one pound per thousand. In many districts a good sound brick, such as can be produced by the' before mentioned advantages, would be of more service than abundance of the best Btone, ana effect a much greater -'Riving than appears by this paper. Thus in a case within my observation, upon a road where many culverts will have to be built, and tbe stone have to be carted for many miles, or timber used, and where ope was erected last season, the materials Car which had to be carried about seven miles— tbe services of tbemachinery before-mentioned wonld have saved sixty per cent, of its cott ; in fact, wonld bavecoostructed it atlas cost than it could uave been -formed of timber.; inBuch a manner thai it would have lasted H5w -a hundred years- without costing a shilling in repairs. ? - - :, '? ' gineilj and a ctnnplete^toet' -tirotLld^be -Sufficient \- fertile 'ttqoirements-oftwo -H'thVee -contiguous phirecouncils. ~%et us sopposetbU the Councils of -Hendg and Dundas were to bear conjointly .:--7*'Mie'intz- odact*iiHi'^rfsi]^i machineEy. Tbe lost ^itmldhemb-^MfcUowi :— A twelve-horse double cylinder engine complete, of the pattern of Clayton »nd Shuitleworth's iarm engine, delivered in Portland ? £340 0 o Btickmaking machine, Fuifold's, warranted to turn out 10,000 bricks per diem ? 100 0 0 Pug-mill for steam power ? SO 0 O Vertical bbw frame, mounted on truck, complete, with five saws ; and a circular saw bench with fourfeeisaw ? 130 0 O Two Btone breaking machines ? 240 0 0 Pile-driver. ? 40 0 0 . .£890 0 0 Thus, the expense to each council would be less than £450, and by a pre-concerted arrange ment, as I before stated, they would be suffi cient for the requirements of both. At termi nation of one season, the works to be under taken during the next season would be resolved upon, and their requirements fixed upon. Dur ing the winter, the machinery would be busy preparing the materials, which would be held in reserve by the councils and furnished to con tractors at a fixed price. By this system I am confident that the cost of works would be very much -reduced, and their style and durability much improved. I know that such bricks as may be made here would be as durable as the best stone in any situation, and that the miser able stone work of this district would bear no comparison, with even second rate brickwork, in point of cost or endurance. Abridge in Eng land of brickwork and timber, that would- cost £250, could not be reproduced in the colonies at a less cost than between £600 or £600. Now, by seizing npon all the advantages that machinery can give, we should be able to con struct road -works here, nearly « cheap as they ! 'can in England.- Here wages*--*ar»liugli, tat. we get the major part of our materials -for nothing, there wages are low, and they tave to purchase everything. I had intended to make some remarks npon ? the application of the 'edge rail9' principle to district or secondary roads j but, I suppose, Mr. Editor, that I have already tested your patiepce sufficiently. However, as you have tpared a little of your ' valuable space' lately for that interesting subject, the Coleraine pound, I am led to hope that you wil! find a place for the crude ideas of a drayman. ' Macadam ' appears to sneer at the ' boulder and butter 'ofthe Dundas. Now, I cannot be lieve that gentleman would descend to vulgar slang ; therefore it appears strange to me, that I heard go tidings of such roads coming to grief in tlie summer, when, one would think, that the unctuous parts would be rather tender. Ah, I see it now ! When the butter gets soft the country gets hard, auil vice versa. A very nice natural arrangement. September 10th, 1864. * E.OBABEL. 