RE-CHRISTENED JOURNALS. (FROM THE M'IVOR NEWS.) Tergiversation in a newspaper is sure to produce one of two effects if well followed up. It will either put an end to its existence or compel its proprietors to change its name, and make a fresh start. Already have two out of the three principal Melbourne weeklies found it necessary to resort to the latter alternative. The public will always mark their appreciation of a "fast and lose" style of journalism by withdrawing their support, till the diminution of the circulation, and conse- quent falling off in the returns, points out the fallacy of continuing the publication. When the Weekly Herald was reduced to the price of old rags it was still found to be unsaleable, and it gave way to the Dispatch, as if by some strange inter- position of fate; but of course it would never do to let the people know that they take in the ghost of the Herald. And now we are to have another literary luxury, in the shape of the Australasian, which is about to make its debut in a more open and candid manner than the celebrated resurrection of the Herald did. It is not even hinted that it is to be a "people's paper," but will stand upon its merits and size, which is to exceed anything of the kind in the colony, and will be sold dirt cheap. We are informed in the prospectus that the Australasian will combine and extend all the leading characteristics of the Weekly Argus, the Yeoman and the Examiner. What a delightful print the Australasian will be! The Argus, which has in a most energetic manner endeavored to prove that the country is totally unfit for agriculture, suitable only for the squatter, is to be combined with the Yeoman, which has been con- tinually drawing pictures of the colony as a farmers' paradise, only requiring a few sparrows to make it perfection. We are ignorant of the merits of the Examiner, but if scarcity increases value, then the Examiner will form no mean ingredient in the literary treat which is in course of preparation under the title of the Australasian, which will, if the pro- spectus be carried out, be a splendid collection of compound contradictions and absurdities. The Argus finds that it is impossible to play an attractive tune on the old string, which is, in fact, worn out. The people have satisfied themselves that the country is fit for agriculture, and the Argus once more finds itself compelled to go with the stream. When it cannot direct public opinion it follows it; and for fear its former refutation should cause it to be too much jostled, it is to be re-chris- tened, and launched on the stream, of popularity under the title of the Australasian. This is just what might be expected. When the public have been thoroughly gulled, a change becomes neces- sary, for detected deceit produces enmity; and an attempt to carry on a deception after it is exploded renders those who try the experiment objects of ridicule. 