THE ENGLISH MAIL. We ore indebted to our daily contemporaries for tbe following extended telegrams : — The Queen arrived at Windsor on tbe 29tli October. Her Majesty is reported to be in very « . a _ 1 -.?ll 1 W:„.1sa. fXC«Miftnt ncaitn, ana sua reummsi ui, u iim&ui.; Tbe Princess of Wales went to Windsor from Sandriugbani on tbe 2-ltli instant. The Crown Princess of Prussia is also at Windsor. Parliament was prorogued on tbe 13th Jan uary. Sir John Lawrence is appointed Governor- General of Iudia, and leaves England on the 10th December. Lord Elgin's death is universally regretted. Dean Trench lias been appointed Archbishop of Dublin, nnd Cnnon Stanley succeeds bim as Dean of Westminister. Earl Powis bns been elected High Steward of the Cnmbridge'University in the room of the lute Lord Lyudhurst. The leading members of the legal profession have held meetings to revise the present system of law reporting. The Great Eastern is advertised for sale, for judgment debt of £5000. There has been a great storm in the Irish Channel, and her Majesty's steamer Prince Con sort nearly foundered. Mr. Foley, 'P. A., has undertaken tho design for the execution of the memorial of the late Prince Consort. The first battalions of the 10th and 1 lf.1i Re giments, and the second battalion of the 12th are under orders to embark for New Zealand. The Intercolonial Royal Mail Steam Packet ' Company have concluded a contract for five years with tbe Postmaster of New Zealand to establish a monthly mail cervico between Sydney, Now Zealand, and Panama, in correspondence with the recently established line between Panama, the West Indies, and Southampton, and by the way of the railway across the Isthmus. The time be tween Panama and New Zealand is to bo thirty days, with a penally for excess, and a bonus for shorter periods. Tho subsidy is to be £70,000 yearly for iie entire route, and is guaranteed by New Zealand alone. The service is to commence in January, 1865. Operations for the embankment of the north 'side of the Thames have been commenced near the railway bridge, at Charing Cross, by sinking a large iron caisson, within which the sea wall is to be made. - - The Common Council lias adopted a plan for raising Holborn Valley , by constructing a level roadway from Holburn to Skinner-street. Notices have already been given to householders con- cerned. The Court Martial on Colonel Crawley, of the Inniskillen Dragoons, for confining sergeant- major Lilly in India with undue severity, thereby causing his death in May, 1862, met at Alder- shot, General Sir George Wetherall presiding. The proceedings are likely to occupy several 'weeks. The trial excites great public interest. Alderman Rose, late Lord Mayor of London, has solicited for himself and sheriffs the honours of baronetcy and knighthood on tho occasion of the Prince of Wales' marriage ; but Lord Pal- inerston has advised the Queen not to grant the request. Ireland is said to be on the eve of a revolution, to he supported by armanents frmn America. Emigration to the Northern States increasing rapidly. Great mortality has occurred at Whitehaven, in Cumberland, from the prevalence of scarlet fever. One thousand persons died iii three "months. An influential meeting against transportation to Western Australia was held in London, at which ' Sir Charles Nicholson' presided. Newmarket meeting, : the Cambridgeshire Stakes — Catch'era-alive, 1, Merryheart, 2. Forty horses started. Liverpool Great Autumn Cup — Mountain Deer, 2 ; Golden Pledge 2'. Beating Catch'em-alive. Oil the ' £2000 match between King and TIeenan, the latest bet tingwas G to 4 on Heenan. The first stone of the new public building to -commemorate the labours of Josiah Wcdgewood, " the founder of the Potteries district, was laid by- Mr.. Gladstone on the20tli October. Some sensation lias been created in- the city by Alderman Rose, late Lord Mayor, soliciting for himself and the sheriffs the honours of a baronetcy and knighthood on the occasion of the Prince of Wales' marriage in March last. 'Lord Pulmer- ston replied that it was underiralilo to create a -precedent, and that lie could not advise the Queen ' to grant the request. A committee lias been npppointed, under the -presidency of the I)ul;e of Cambridge to raise subscriptions for a memorial to the late Lord Clyde. The ship Austral, after leaving Plymouth for Australia, sustained such injury in the chops of ' the Channel, that she had to he abandoned by 'lier crew ; she was insnred for £60,000. The Attorney- General applied for a rnle fur a new trial in the case of the ship Alexandra, which was decided against the Government last 'term. The application was grounded upon a misdirection of tho jury by the Lord Chief Baron in summing up. The arguments lasted seven days, and the judgment of the court was re served. The Confederate rams, building by Laird and Company, at Birkenhead, are still watched by gunboats. Sir Charles Nicholson read a paper last night before the Society of Arts on the prospects and \- resources of Australia. lie denounced tho pro posal to perpetuate convict settlements in Austra lia as unjust to tbe free settlers, and calculated to' provoke determined hostility on the part of the colonists. He compared the present wool ex port front New South Wales with that of the year 1S07, when 245 lbs. were sent to England, while tbe amount now was over 22,000,000 lbs. lie described the copper and coal yield as more valuable than gold. He thought the speedy - ex tinction of the aborigines inevitable. He said labour was the great want of the colonies, which offered immeuse advantages to agriculturists, rough mechanics, nnd capitalists. Ho stated that t he growtli of cotton promised well as a profitable investment. That capital and labour had ex perienced a steady advance, was best shown by the value of the imports, which amounted to above £25,000,000 sterling annually. The meeting was afterwards addressed by Mr. Greg- son. M.P. ; Mr. Jordan, agent for Queensland ; Mr. Hamilton, agent fur New South Wales, and ethers. In the obituary we notice the names of Mr. Weld, of Lulworth Gastle ; Mr. Dunning, City Architect ; Dr. McCaul, Hebrew Professor, King's College ; Mr. Duncan, Keeper of the Ashmolenn Museum, Oxford ; Mr. Bomaury, Dubree ; and Hales, the Norfolk giant. CONTINENTAL SUMMARY. Europe is- once more in a state of commotion The friendship between France and Russia is broken up. The latter is making giguntic prepa rations for war, arising out of tbe Polish question Turkey, alarmed at the threat of war, is also j making great military preparations. England studiously holds aloof, refusing to concede belli gerent rights to Poland! The Schleswig-IIoIstein question has suddenly opened a now phase. The King of Denmark died suddenly on the 35tli November, after three days' illness, from erysipelas, and failing an heir, was succeeded by King Christian, the father of the Princess of Wales, while the Duke of Augustein- herg has laid claim to the Duchies of Schleswig- Holstein, supported by the German Government and population, who appear determined on tho partition of the States from Denmark. Denmark is making active preparations for war. Six ships of the line have been fitted out, and cloven thousand soldiers have been called out. The Holstcin < fiiciitls received orders to take the oath of allegiance to King Christian. The officials at Gluckstadt unanimously refused. Hostilities are imminent. King Christian will thus have to contend with rebellion iu Holsteiu and iuvasion by German troops. The Governments of Austria and Prussia do not recognise the claims of Duke Augusteinbcrg, lie being the issue of a Morganatic marriage. It is believed that England and France will interfere to prevent invasion. The treaty conceding the Ionian Islands to Greece was signed on the 14th instant. It sti pulates that the fortifications of Corfu shall be dismantled. The Emperor of Russia has relieved the Grand Duke Constant ino of the Vice Royalty of Poland. Constantine was succeeded by General Berg. The Polish insurrection continues with unabated energy. The King of Italy had reviewed his troops at Soonin, and inspected tho navy in the Bay of Naples. He had issued an amnesty to political prisoners, including Count Christen and Mr. Bishop. FRANCE. The French Parliament was opened on the 4th November, by the Emperor, with a remark able speech. He lias dispatched to all the Euro pean Governments the following condensed letter, urging a Congress in Paris for the solution of European and Foreign complications: — "In pre- sence of events which every day arise, I deem it indispensable to express myself without reserve, that the Sovereigns to whom the destinies of nations are confided whenever severe shocks have shaken the basis and displaced the limits of States, and solemn transactions have taken place, should meet to arrange the new elements, and to consecrate by revision accomplished transforma tions. Such was the object of the treaty of Westphalia in the 17th century, and of the nego tiations in Vienna in. 1315. On this latter foun dation now reposes the political edifice of Europfe, and yet it is crumbling away on nil sides. If the situation of other countries be attentively con sidered, it is impossible not to admit that the treaties of Vienna, upon almost nil points, are destroyed, modified, misunderstood, or menaced — hence duties without rule or rights, without title or pretensions, and without restraint. 1 there fore propose to regulate the present, and secure the future, in a Congress. Therefore I am read)-', without, any preconceived system, to bring to mi international tribunal the spirit of moderation and justice. By taking the initiative in such an over ture, I do nut yield to any impulse of vanity, but a3 a Sovereign to whom ambitious projects are most frequently attributed, I endeavour to prove by this frank and loyal stop that my sole object is to arrive, without a shock, at the pacification pf Europe. I pray you to accept. Paris as the place meeting, and in case the Princes, allies, and friends of France should think proper to heighten, by their presence, the authority of the delibera tions, I shall he proud to offer them my cordial hospitality. Europe would see, perhaps with some satisfaction, the capital from which the signal for war lias often been given becoming the seat of conferences destined to lay bases of gene ral pacification. " Napoleon." The majority of the Powers have sent replies to the above letter. Spain and Italy request from the Emperor an exact definition of the objects proposed to be laid before the Congress before consenting to attend. England and Austria posi tively declined, on the ground that the Congress was not likely to settle disputed questions more effec tually Mian tho individual Governments concerned. It is believed the Congress will not take place. The cash balance in the Bank of France is 20,000,000 francs. O.i December 3rd, M. Fould made a financial statement to tho effect that the total amount of the deficit was one hundred and seventy-two millions (172,000,000) francs, and he propused a loan of three hundred millions. PRUSSIA. Tho Prussian Government lias announced that the treaty of London is binding as respects Sclileswig-IIolstein, but Denmark must observe its stipulations oil that ground, and not that of succession. The Prussian Government ulso voted the restriction placed on the press last Jane. In connection with the Sclileswig-IIolstein question, at a sitting of the Chamber of Deputies to-day (26th November), Ilerren Von Dor Seydt, Wagner, and Blackenburg proposed the following resolution, on behalf of the . Couserative party In tho present. position of the succes sion of tho Duchies of Selileswig-IInlsleiu and Luenberg, this House declares itself ready to place all requisite means at the disposal of the Government, for the energetic guardianship of all the rights of the German Confederation." AUSTRIA. The Government is exercising a cruel and merciless severity towards the Poles in Galicia, and lias increased the garrisons in Vonetia ami recalled all soldiers from their furloughs. It is surmised that Austria lias been alarmed by tbe project of Congress, and adopts the above mea sures to cultivate a friendly relation with Russia. TURKEY. A treaty regarding telepraphic communica tion between Turkey and Persia has been signed. Special advantages are conferred upon the new telegraphic line to India. The death of Ab-del-Kader isrepnrted. The Bedouins, near Mocha, have revolted, pillaging the coffee crops,- &c.; ITALY. A commercial treaty between England and Italy commenced its operation on tho first of December. SPAIN. Advices from St. Domingo state that the rebels were in full possession of the island, with the exception of the capital. ' - MEXICO. - Tusco city, ninety tuiles west of Mexico, gam- ' soned by the French and Mexicans, has boon captured by guerillas, ou October 27th ; 300 prisoners were taken. Later news states that an attack and surprise i on the French garrison in tho city of Tusco by General Diaz. The city was taken by assault or . the 20th October, A large number of prisoners wore taken, and stores and munitions of war. Guerilla warfare threatens discomfiture and defeat to the scattered French army. Black vomit pre vails to an alarming extent. The French entertain great distrust of tiieir Mexican allies. HOLLAND. . A company has been fonnad for the connec tion of Amsterdam with tiie North Sea, by a canal. RUSSIA AND POLAND. The Polish revolution gains ground. Several victories over the Russians are reported. The Russians continue their savage barbarities, but since England lias informed Russia that she "would interfere no further, the revolution cannot sustain itself against the overwhelming force of Russia. INDIA. Sir W. Denism lias reached Calcutta, and taken the oath as Viceroy. SINGAPORE The Confederate war steamer Alabama is taking in coals. Steam i3 kept up ready for starting ; she captured and burned the Federal ships Armcnto, Winged Racer, and Contest in the Java seas. The crews were lauded at Butavia. CHINA. j The news from Japan is more pacific. Prince Salsuma has sent envoys to settle the difference with liiin, and to pay the indemnity required. In the .city of Foo Chow Foo, after Major Gordon's attack, dissension prevailed iu the rebel- camp. The services of Captains Slierard Osborne .and Sleep-hare becu dispensed with by the Chinese Government. MADASGACAR. By telegram, per Suez, advices received at Mauritius from Madagascar mention a rumour that King Radama was still living. He was left for dead by tbe assassiiis, and is said to have been found by his partisans and concealed. AMERICA. New York, 21st November. The Confederates have ag liii obtained great successes. . General Longstreet lias driven General Burn- side into Knoxville, and invested the city. Both armies at Chattanooga have been rein forced. Burnside's communications have been cut off. It is believed that General Meade intended giving the Confederates battle on the 20th of November. The bombardment of Fort Sumter continues. It has lasted now 120 dny-q but the fort remains impregnable. General Uilmore has received a number of boats capable of carrying' 100 men each, and intends, with this flotilla, to attempt taking Fort Sumter by assault. Four monitors passed up the channel of Charleston harbour, to ascertain the depth of water. Sharp skirmishing hail taken (dace on the Rapidun. The Federals were defeated. The Confederates have refused the Federal Government permission to send stores to the Federal prisoners at Richmond,- numbering 13,000, and who are suffering great privations from scarcity of provisions and bad accommoda tion. The Fe leral General M'Neill declares that each time the telegraph is cut between St. Louis and Fort Smith lie will bang a guerilla. The bounty now offered to volunteers in New York is 800 dollars per man. Geueral Butler has arrived in North Carolina after enlisting and organising negro regiments. The United -States Marshal has seized all the cotton iu New Orleans. The negroes there have petitioned for per mission to vote. . President Lincoln says that the greatest folly of his life was issuing the Eeiuucipation Proclama tion. The American news for the month may be summarised thus : — General Grant occupies Chat tanooga, his base of operations is Nashville, 100 miles to the north- westward ; General Burnside is at Knoxville, 100 miles to the eastward ; General Meade is at Culpppper, 400 miles to the nirth-east, in Virginia. The Federals are thus divided into three armies,, and unable to com municate directly with each other. General Lmgstreet's army crossed the Ten nessee River November 14th. General Burnside fell back before him, the rear guard skirmishing. On the 16th Burnside formed line of battle at Campbell's station ; a severe action ensued, last ing from noon until dark. The Federal's were repulsed, and retreated to Knoxville, which was completely invested by the Confederates on the 19tli. The Confederates huve resolved to evacu ate Virginia, should Meade advance ou 'Rich mond. The republicans have gained the elections in New York State and in Massachusetts, by large majorities. The Federal Government reluctantly admits that Ilosecrans dismissal arose from his beinw asleep in bed during the great struggle at Chat- tanooga. Gold, 471- premium. COMMERCIAL. Tbe Bank of England lias raised tho minimum rate of discount to 8 per cent. New South Wales 5 per cents., 1866, 101 to 102. Victoria 6 per cents, January and July, 107 to 109; April and October, 110 to 110|. The last wool sales commenced on the 5th November. Total catalogued, 69,000 bules. ' The sales commenced with an advance of one penny to three half pence per lb., chiefly on stapled wool and middles. For Sydney, wool prices ruled very irregularly, although markets were steady and animated, the sules closed with a considerable decline. Effects of Fear. — The Nord vouches for the authenticity of the subjoined narrative : — A gentleman while staying at an hotel recently, was seized with excruciating toothache, accompanied with great swelling of the gums. He was recom mended to apply a leech, and the keeper of the hotel undertook the operation, using for the pur pose a piece of paper screwed up to form a kind of case. At the end of a few minutes, as the sufferer did not feel the leech, an examination took place, but tho leech was not in the paper. It was immediately concluded, to the great horror of the sufferer, that he had swallowed the leech. And immediately tho affrighted man felt a terrible bite in his stomach, and although he swallowed a glass of oil of sweet almonds, renewed bites showed that the leech was still alive. A doctor was called in, and an ounce of castor oil was ad ministered, but repeated agonising pains proved thnt the leeeli was in another part of the stomach. A dreadful fear now took possession of the un fortunate man, who anticipated that his intestines would lie soon perforated, and that death was cer tain. A second doctor called in prescribed two 1 more ounces of castor oil, which the patient swallowed, hut flie bites ami pains were renewed i The hotelkeeper happened then to change his coat, and in the sleeve lie found the leech, whicl i had miule its escape at the end of the paper hell i to the gum of the sufferer. Tho uufoituuate mat was thus assured that his life was, 110 longer in danger, but lie was a prey to most uncomfortable sensations consequent on the effects of the three ounces of castor oil which he had swallowed in quick succession. "The Smiths." — John Smith — plain John Smith — is not very high sounding: it does not suggest aristocracy ; it is not the name of any hero in dieaway novels ; nnd yet is good, strong, and honest. Transferred to other languages, it seems to climb the ladder of respectability. Thus — in Latin it is Johannes Smitlius; the Italian smoothes it off into Giovanni Smitlii ; the Spaniards render it Juan Smitlius ; the Dutchman adopts it as -Hans Schmidt ; the Frcncli flatten it out into Jean Smeets ; nnd the Russian sneeves and barks Jonloff Smittowski. When John Smith gets into the tea trade at Canton ho be- comes Jahon Sliimmit; if he clambers about Mount Hecla the Icelanders say lie is Jaime Smithson ; if he trades among the Tuscaroras he becomes Tom Qa Smittia ; in Poland lie is known as Ivan Sclimittiiveiski ; should lie wander among tho Welsh mountains tliey taik of John Scuiidd ; when lie goes to Mexico lie is booked ns Jontli F'Smitri ; if of classic turn he lingers uinong Greek ruins, he turns to 'Ion Siniktou ; and, iu Turkey, lie is utterly disguised as Yoe Soef. The Typical Yankee. — There is certainly something striking about tho prevailing American type. That long, lanlc, flesliless form, that straight hair, that stoop in the shoulders, that colourless face, those by no means bud yet some- what harsh features, that high, but flit brow, tiiose pale, thin, compressed lips, tlmt sad yet shrewd ami coldly humorous expression, remind you at every step of that complex yet distinct original which the goeat Nova-Scotian stereo- typed in Sam Slick. To give tbe genuine Yankee a family air throughout the Union the costume tend in no small degree. The fashion lias lately sprung up, and it struck me on my arrival as an innovation at variance willi all iny reminis cences of American look. The true Yankee shaves his upper lip, and sometimes the edge of the nether one, allowing the beard to grow stiff struight under the cliin. It is the cut of the beard that anyone may observe in the portraits of President Lincoln, and I should not wonder if it is the First Magistrate who sets the fashion in this Republican land, as King Charles I. or Henry IV. did in their respective kingdoms, exercising the small spell as the Empress Eugenie did on the skirts of the ladies' gowns and on the frizzled fronts of la lies' coiffures in France. Nay, I' shreweiily surmise that the peaked beard, a la Lincoln, is something like a political badge and cognisance in this country. Your true Republi can, and out-and-out Ab ditionist, is as sure to strike you by his pantidoju tul't ou his chin, as the old Puritan made himself known by his closely- cropped head, and thick bushy init3tnches. Without any pretension to enter into a dispute about matters of taste. I may be permitted to say thf.t the present fashion is, to say the least, an odd one, and the least becoming the American face that could ever have been invented. The dense mass of hair thnt encumbers the lower face, generally black or very dark, enhances with no pleasing effect the length of the bare upper lip — a feature by no means the ni >st pleasing in the American countenance, as it is upt to he heavy and flat, with the corners if the mouth drawn deeply down towards the chin; seen at a distance that Capuchin-like beard, cmtrasting with the blue and while shaven skin, looks like an unreal appendage, a masquerading disguise, und it wears rather absurdly with the high shirt-collar, the long, close-buttoned surtout, anil the broad- briinined hat, which very generally makes up with it- the strictly Republiouu gurb. — The Times Special Correspondent. Trousers and Petticoats. — When men wore light pantaloons, women wore simply petticoats. It was at this time that the French Lord Ogh.-by, in a farce,. giving his tailor an order for panta loons to fit closer than his skin, ends with this warning : " Mind that if I can get them on, I shall not take them." Towards the end of the last century the French Revolution shook, with nil other things, the empire of dress. It gave liberty to the limbs of men ; it emancipated them from tight clothing, lia!r powder, and pigtails ; it banished breeches and buckles, and introduced trousers. Pantaloons lingered for a time; but the steady tendency of the ago was as much to looser clothing as to more liberal ideas. Indeed, the two went together, and the trousers was for some time adopted or opposed, and reprobated ns an outward and visible sign of political opinions. Cyril Jackson, the Dean of Cliristcliurcli, exerted all his authority and influence iu his college to put down trousers, regarding them as symbols of revolution ; and his success in enforcing the tight apparel brought upon liiin an expression of regret that the dean had contracted the loose habits of the age. At this period the female fashion was behind the male in ease. The petticoat was so narrow tlmi it was difficult to walk in it. It was, in fact, a pantaloon of one leg for the two legs. The waist was just under the armpits. . This thraldom was broken by tbe Peninsular war, which introduced what was culled the Spanish dress — very pretty, indeed, hut only the Spanish of the stage. As if to indemnify themselves for their long restraint iu the narrow clothing, the ladies then shortened their petticoats very libe rally, and ankles were no mystery. But eman cipation was yet partial and imperfect, the parallel to the trousers being still wanting ; but it came with a vengeance with tho crinoline. The crino line is the peg trouser exaggerated and turned the opposite way — the ppg at the waist, the wide end downwards. Women now live in tents— under canvas, as it were. They .expat into within their airy enclosures. Tliey delight in the free and easy. All their ways are unconfined. They walk up and down within their premises. Tliey have succeeded in the en crouch >n en t which would be described by' Blackstone as making a larger estate than they are by law entitled to. They have enormously aggraudised themselves. They are topographically thrice what they used to be in circumference. - —Examiner. i he Chamber of Death. — Perhaps no pub lic man has had the courage to send to the Cham ber of Death, as it is called at the Times oliiee, and ask the editor to let him have a look at his "Life." Sometimes, however, these "Lives" appear before the breath is out of the body, as recently occurred in the case of Lord Clyde. The Times takes great care about these matters. Seven , years ago a report was brought to the office at > eleven o'clock at night that Lord John llussell was dead. Mr. Walter, who goes to the office i much more frequently tlmn is supposed, happened to be there. A consultation immediately took place with writers and editors, and a gentleman i of tact and experience was sent off iu the middle of the night- to Clieshain place, to enquire the , truth or falsehood of the report. He soon dis- ; covered that it arose out of exaggerated reports , of a slight indisposition, which had been magnified , -into the death of the noble lord; but, short as i was his absence from the office, in the interim I ample means had been taken to meet the-enier- i gency — tho fatal casket had been opened— the record of a life which would form in itself no unimportant chapter in the history of the country, was displayed, and an army of biographers, edi tors, and printers were prepared to raise the ghost of the departed nobleman, and fix the picture in its frame before the morning light dawned oil the sleepers of London. When the messenger returned, and it was found that the intelligence was false, the memoir was re-con- signed to its resting-place in the casket, the Chamber of Death closed, the rejected columns re-placed, and the world was informed that the Times was rejoiced to he able to state that tho ru mour of the illness of so distinguished a noble- inan was wholly without foundation. Poor Europe! — Tho Hon. II. Winter Davis, of Baltimore, addressed a Union muss meeting in Philadelphia lately. The North American gives a sketch of his speech, from which we quote as follows : — " The attitude we held in tho eyes of Europe when the war broke out was shown ' by the speaker. lie drew a picture of the attitude we shall hold when the rebellion is crushed out. When this is settled there is a long account to settle with the two great nations of Europe. (Wild and prolonged applause — the audience rising and waving their hats.) The speaker said ho never said a word on that subject to anybody in this house before ; hut lie knew what ho thought, and lie guessed what the audience thought. He depicted in graphic terms the perfidy of England ami France. These acts will foster and rankle till the day of account. Ho used to he opposed to foreign war. He had learnt something in two years. The sin of the Alabama and the invasion of Mi'xico have awakened this country. Napoleon will be expelled from the continent, and the Bahamas are not to be ullowed to remain a nest of pirates. And he gloried in the day when black regiments should march to the halls of the Montezuinas, where the men of New York nnd Pennsylvania marched in days gone by. (Wild and deafening applause ) And if Admiral Dupout should live, he I. oped yet to see his bombshells bursting over the dome of St. Paul's, and the ruins of London Bridge tumbling into the stream below." Law against Weeds. — In Denmark, the far mers are bound by law to destroy the corn- marigold, ami in France a farmer may sue his neighbour who neglects to eradicate the thistles upon his land at the proper season. In Austria, a similar regulation lias been imposed by the legis lative authority, with, it is said, the most bene ficial results. In Canada, we believe, enactments have been issued against allowing thistles to ripen on the road sides and exposed situations, both from the legislature ami township corporations ; and it is passing strange that such important and beneficial regulations, on the proper observance of which private and public wealth is so closely dependant, should in many districts become practically inoperative. It is high time that some firm stand should be taken, not only against thistles but pigeonweed, and the whole tribe of pests of this nature, forming, as they do, insuper able barriers to iigricultiir.il progress, ami coil- sequent!' to the increase of wealth and national prosperity.— \- ( -anadian Aoricullurisl. Dreadi-ul Scene at an Execution in War saw. — The following description of tho late five executions in Warsaw is from an eye-witness writing in tho Sehlessisclu Zuilawj : — I had been to -the five places, and everywhere found a numerous assemblage of spectators. At length I proceeded to the Bank-square to witness the ex ecution of Kosinski, as he was stated to be the youngest of the five who were to be executed, and 1 therefore expected that he would show the feast firmness. The proceesion appeared about half- past nine. It consisted of a common cart, on which Kosinski sat, with a Capuchin monk op posite him, belli appeared to he deeply engaged in confidential talk, and a detachment of gen darmes ami Uhlans. The cart stopped at a stake near tlm Bank buildings, and a loud cry of an guish came from the assembled crowd. Kosinski. a youth of nineteen years at most, stepped quietly to the ground und looked around liiin in a friendly way, and with evident calmness. His smiling face only became clouded when the crowd gave vent to their emotions iu loud cries ami sobs. At a signal from tho commanding officer the band began to day,' and an usher who held a paper in his hand read with a loud voice some thing, which was probably the sentence, but which was. not heard on account of the music. It was now a quarter to ten. The Capuchin monk, who hud also alighted from the cart and placed himself near Kosinski, and gave liiin a small black crucifix. Kosinski kissed tlie crucifix rev ercntly, and afterwards the monk's hand. Two provosts now led him to the stake, bound his arms lightly to it, and tied a bandage over his eyes. While these terrible preparations were going on, the handsome -features of the your.g man again cleared up. The officer gave the word of command, and twelve soldiers of the Grenadier Guard came forward. I involuntarily closed my eyes, and only opened them after I heard the volley fired. I saw the body of Ko sinski stagger, and then slowly recover itself. Strange to say, the grenadiers, whether from awkwardness or on purpose, had aimed badly, and only hit the unfortunate man's legs. He was still alive. Two soldiers then came close to him and fired two or three shots with their re- volvers at his chest. Then only Kosinski fell. The sound of weeping and moaning filled the air. The body was then taken up by the gendarmes and thrown on the cart, which slowly drove away. The blood hud flowed abundantly, and ns some plaster had come oil on the stake two plasterers immediately came forward and plastered up the spot there and then. Forbidden arms had been found on these young men — ail offence which perhaps deserved puuishment, but surely not that of death." 