BELL'S LIFE IN SYDNEY. SYDtfEY, JA.HrtrA.KY 23, 1864. THANKS to the " liberal policy" and judicious management of their affairs by .the late Ministry, the people of this colony have every prospect of enjoying the blessings of taxation to an extent, not only unprecedented here, but far beyond their wildest dreams of fiscal felicity. If for years we have been pleasantly gliding down the political stream, enjoying " all sorts of good things" with- out being called upon to answer any special ap- peals to our pockets, the period has arrived that will dispel the-sweet illusion, and painfully an-' nounce to us that for all things, social and political, there must be a " day of reckoning." That day is at hand, and however unwelcome and distasteful it may be to our feelings, we must submit to our fate with what resignation we can muster, and meet the additional demands made upon us as the price of our past folly and infatuation. .In a very short time we shall have an ampi« oppoitunity of duly appreciating, through . our " poor pockets," all the advantages that have been conferred upon us by liberal.institutions," and their still more " Iib .eral" and disinterested advocates. - We shall then ace at a glance the flimsy nature of the tricks by which we have been imposed upon, and thoroughly .understand how very ""cleverly" we have been "done" by the pure and unaffected "patriots" who are now languishing in " outer' darkness ?-where there is weeping and gnashing of teeth.". But, for all this valuable knowledge, we must pay,- and that, too, at a rate (hat will make us feel that like other simpletous we have purchased our ? " whistle" at a ruinously extravagant price. A fter living for years in what we were always assured was a most " satisfactory condition," it certainly does come very hard upon us to discover that we have been grossly and wilfully deceived by the very men who called themselves our dearest bosom " friends."" Politically speaking, we lived in what the play- hills term " Paphian bowers ol dazzling delights;" but now that the veil has been ..-> remoyediand : the truth revealed^to^pur shanie^nd regret wé^find^liat 'our'^Ministerial"'" Papluans" have.been quite as' mercenary arid deceitful as the " virgins" whose painted " blushes" captivate the hearts of unsophisticated bumpkins in the Upper Circle of a theatre. We have been regularly sold," of that there is now unfortunately not the shadow of a doubt ; but it is too late-not to repent, but to repine, and we must therefore call our fortitude to our aid, and meet the heavy burthens that will bc cast upon us, as our fore- fathers did, with patienou seasoned with a little " English grumbling." That the necessity has arisen for the adoption of a scheme of taxation, such as the one now being forced upon the country, is the strongest possible censure that could be passed ripon the official character and conduct of the Cowper Ministry ; for, to their conceal- ment of the truth respecting the financial stat« bf the colony, we are solely indebted for the evils that have accumulated around us. Dy a reckless, an improvident anda very DOUBTFUL administration of. the funds of the colony, they created difficulties which they had neither the . manliness to encounter, nor the ability to sur- mount. Terror-stricken at the hideousne*s of the monster they had created, they gladly seized the first decent pretext that presented itself lo* fly, : '* leaving to their, successors the unpalatable task of replenishing the exhausted coffers of the Treasury by heavy and severe exactions from the impoverished pockets of the people. That we are about to be plunged into a vortex of taxation, we need not wonder, when we re- member with what magnificent profusion the public money was for.years lavishly expended «pori the most unworthy objects. Our surprise ceases when we call to mind how " liberally" . political opponents were " bought off," and ** billets" fashioned as the special rewards ot' parliamentary subserviency. Take for example the ever memorable " Don Quixote Emigration Job," «hen "East Sydney was " sold," and its ghostly looking betrayer was sent out of the way to England for the impudent purpose of humbugg- ing the *' wages seeking labourers'.' of the northern country into a belief that New South Wales was the "Paradise of tho working classes" ; and that too, in the face of his own official " repot t," as Ohairman of a Parliamentary Committee, in which he describes the condition of the labouring class here as being one of appalling misery and deso- lation. Happily, however, for themselves, the good sense ot the British people prevented their ' ..being caught by the Brummagem " chaff" of the lively-looking " Lectern r," and so for the tiiou *' «ands of èûr money that were expended on tin» " neat little job/' we had not the pleasure of welcoming to our shores even the " ghost" of n "man of small capital," or a " wages-seek inc labourer." By way of a joke, however, the Government has always kept up a costly " Immi- gration Depot/' the tranquillity of whose officials would never have been disturbed by new arrivals, as the HERALD remarks, " had it not been fdr the generous and self-denying efforts of the Irish Inborn era, and domestic servants to bring out their jpoorer neighbours and relations." If we'turn our attention to the Public Service generally, we find many fertile causes for the necessity of increased taxation. What a picture of indolent repose do all our Government Offices present-legions of " civil officers," some of whom are anything, but polite, with nothing to do, and /plenty of auxiliaries to help them. Lounging listlessly in studied attitudes maybe seen daily c'towds of the " sons of Luck" discussing with intenso anin ation, the merits of the " latest novelty in neck ties" or the vast benefits the Colony would derive from tlie annual celebration af a * Civil Service Picnic/,." and the establishing ofa" Civil Service Club;". To philanthropists like ourselves, 'lliir- sort of-t thing is, extremely interesting ''but tlïèr"eiarei' in. existence narrow minded beings who: do not scruple to'grumble about expense, and mention the ominous words REFORM and HETRKNCHMRNT." If we'consider the manner in which bur Pub- lic Works have been carried out, the need of ad- ditional burthens on the people becomes equally manifest. Our railway works appear to have been undertaken, not so much for the advantage of the public, as for the purpose of conferring " complimentary benefits" on " small contractors" and other .disinterested individuals. We admire such displays of official humanity of feeling, but then the " grumblers raise their voices, and make very unpleasant allusions to an obsolete article known in ancient times as "Tip;" but with the meaning of the word we are of course unac- quainted. Those, however, who understand it, declare, without any circumlocution, that it has always been regarded with much veneration by the " Midges" of the '« Malakoff Department." ? If we glance at that splendidly equipped, but' miserably inefficient body of men, who are stip. posed to perform the duties of policemen, we find another weighty reason for the imposition of new taxes-the expenses of the Force being something fabulous as compared with its utility. In short, turn to what department of the Pub- lic Service we may, we find complaints, loud and /deep; made of its unwieldy proportions, its,inef¿, ficiency, and, worst of all, the unnecessary , extra- vagance of its cost to the public. In all quarters there appears to be a strong impression that a lame reduction of the public expenditure is necessary! and that such reduction would not only lighten the public burthens, but I also tend very materially to improve the efficiency ot the Service. It cannot be denied that in this view of the case there is both reason and justice, because the fact of the Public Service in this colony having outgrown its legitimate dimen- sions, and become cumbrous, costly, and in many respects useless, renders it imperative that re- formation and taxation should, in our present impoverished circumstances, be close companions. In the face of serious and admitted abuses, it would be exceedingly.impolitic in any Ministry possessed of ordinary political foresight, to heap fresh burthens on the public back, without seek- ing to lessen their presence by an equitable and judicious curtailment of the general expendi- ture. - To such consideration, on the part of the Gov- ernment, the people are fairly entitled, as an act of common justice, inasmuch as great room for improvement does exist, and our exigencies-de- mand the observance of the strictest economy. The present Ministry deserves much credit tor having undertaken au unpopular task, rendered inevitable by the mismanagement of their prede- cessors, whose lack of courage would not allow them to make any attempt to repair the mischief they inflicted on the country., In pei forming this unpleasant duty of increasing the taxation of the people, we believe that Ministers are influenced by no other desire than to serve the country effi- ciently, and place its monetary position on a sure and permanent foundation. To effect this, taxa- tion without retrenchment would be worse than useless, and it will therefore be for th« Govern- ment, when the Tariff is disposed of, to turn their immediate and serious attention to the long-needed reformation of the public expenditure with a view to increased efficiency and economy. 