GHOST STORIES -STRANGE AND YET ; , . j TRUE; . .... When tho evening lampa aro" lightod," or rather, just before that operation-say in .the littlo ? interval which follows tho retirement of the ludios from the dining room, and precedes the oppearanco of tho laughing, sceptical faces left temporarily bolow-a'grain pf ghost talk mingles, not inharmoniously, with the gentle and domcstis topics invoked by the subdued light and confi- dential1 fooling of tho hour. The treatment of tho sub- ject is necessary superficial. Twenty minutes, will not suffice for'a dive into philosophic depths. Facts, are simply - adduced. Theme and 'proposition are laid bani, and left so, for any after-manipulations' profounder thinkers please. Nevertheless, from the pabulum (often exceedingly raw) supplied by these' littlo conversations, may be deduced a whole gardon of thought, worthy of tho attention of the most earnest sage. Whatever bo tho cause, tho fact will hardly bo dis- puted that a taste for tho supernatural has greatly , aug- mented of lato among the' oducated classes of society. It has indeed, as might bo expected, .abandoned its' an- cient, form of bald credulity'. We neither believe in the ghost, nor' shoot at him. Wo require to know somothhig of AM nniuro who walks uninvited .into our. dwelling,, and what ;may bo his immediate business there, but not -with rudeness or intolerance. In a word, the indulgent' spirit of tho time is the welcome child , of progress.. .'As overy ago! stamps itself upon tho roll'of timo-with the 'seal of some grand discovery-os every successive, year reventa its half-suspected' Woridors-tho mind becomes less and loss inclined to impose limits upon'that vast.un- explored ocean which,' like the natural horizon, seems to kriow^'nb bound but God-and man, as ho grows'wiser, grows'humbler. . . ; ' To this improved fooling, and this- bettor discipline of reason, wè aro indebted for many an interesting narrative whieh wohld else have never passed tho bounds'of a family' circle .- 'or, in doing sb, n'ould have nt least been carefully denuded of such corroboration as ílame, placo; and timo afford. In tho incidents hereafter^ tb be related, tliesó have"bóori supplied without 'scVuple, and without ;dosire for any greater ruticen'co than' tho editor in his discretion' may impose. ' Tho'oirbUmstañcos 'of eaob case have been verified With unusual care; because "another object than simple curiosity suggested tho inquiry.1' Still it may be Í- jroper to' call attention td ' the' fact, that persons who lave boori, 'or who hàvo' conceived thomsolvos to have been,-tho! witnesses of so-caUed supernatural appearances, are, in recalling tho occu'rerico, never wholly freo from the doiñinióri of 'that exalted feeling which 'accompanied it' and whioh'is'Ul calculated for minuto arid accurato detail. He, therefore, who utidortake's to relato a ghost story at sócond-hañd, may have tho'difficult task of rendering in- coherences irii'su'eh'a mariner as'shall not bring down un- just doubt'upon'what ia no loss corroct;thah clear. ..." To assist analysis,'wo must'comparo; To aid compari ,so'u,' tho! least possiblo roservo'ohould' unite' with tho closest possible' adhérence til facts,'sd far as faats can bo ascertained after passing through strongly susceptible imaginations, lîvcn woro these extra-natural "occurrences riot oxplicablo (whiqh-we;hold thom in eyory caseto.be;) .there is surely nothing terriblo.or revolting in the pursuit. It is, foroxnmple, a simple, touching, and beautiful faith," . that tho last ourthly regards of tho hberntod spirit should bo fixed [upon its boat'bolove'd/ If suchbo the work of a mocking spirit, it wears a wonderfully heavenly dross. " I am a'ghost," says Wolfrau, in tho Fool's Tragedy : « " Tremblo not. Fear not me i, Thé dead aro ever good and innocent, ?'.''. ? And lovo the living. They are cheerful areaturos And quiot as"tho sunbeams-and mo9t like, . In grado and patient love and spotless beauty Tho now-born of mankind." "To proeoed at once to'illustration here are two instances pf " intuition,"'both'briof arid true.' The first is sup- plied b^r a gentleman woll known in French literary circles, whom it induced to bestow muoh attention on that and kindred subjects. ' . ?' : '. ''.'«,'.*'.'... lu 18-15 he was visiting a Indy of Ids. acquaintance at Rouen.1 Thoy wera ongagód in'oarnost conversation on tho futiire prospects of tho iadyV children; tho . youngest of whoih-a'girl 'of 'oightoen-sat working beside him. Suddenly, the latter sturtod from-her seat with aloud shriek, sad throw herself into her roolhor's arms. On . being questioned as to the cause of her agitation, she pointed to a ¡sofa, and, weeping bitterly, declared she had seen'descend upon it the, figure of her eldest sister, Rosalie, then on a visit to some relation at or near Havre. The countenance of the phantom was palo and death-stricken. This ocourred at <i o'clock in the after- noon ou the 17th Soptcinber. Two days after, tidings arrived that Rosalie L-?-had been unhappily drowned in a boating excursion at Havre, at (it wes affirmed) tho preciso moment of the appearance. As another instance, here isa circumstance minutely related by Monsieur M-, a retired Trench officer, ina letter to a friend. Having unfortunately been left an orphan at an early age, I was brought up under the care of a kind-hearted godmother, who could scarcely have oherishedme more, had I boen her own oB'spring. She resided at Barfleur, and, being in easy circumstances, refused me nothing that could contribute to my youthful pleasure, keeping my" pockets, withal, comfortably lined with that material which rendered my frequent visits to the Sunday fetes in the neighbourhood doubly agreeable. On ono occasion I had started as usual in company with a bund of young vagabonds like myself to attend a foto at Quillebauf, on the opposite, side of the Soine. " Contrary to my usual habit I felt very uneasy and depressed. An inexplicable feeling of gloom hung upon my mind, and neither my own efforts, nor the raillery of my companions, could drive it away. I had, indeed, left my good protectress conflnod by illness to her bed, but I was not aware that Bbc waa in any danger. How- ever, the cloud upon my mind, far from dispersing, mo- mentarily increased. If I joined as usual in tho different sports, I was slow and unskilful ; and, in the war of wit that generally accompanied our games, had not a word to say for myself. Wo had engaged in a match of skit- tles. . It was my turn to deliver tho ball, and I was »tandibg, half pensively, poising it. in my . hand, when I distinctly heard a soft'voice pronounce my name. I started, and turned round, hastily asking who had spoken. : ? . " i Nobody,* replied those around me. "I insisted that I had heard a woman's voice Bay «M--.' " ' Bah 11 you're dreaming. Play away.' "Hardly had the ball quitted my hand, when, a second time, I heard my namepronounccd in a soft and plain- tive tone; but fainter than tho former. 'Again I in- quired who, called me." '* No one present had heard the sound. " It struck me that Borne one of tho party was playing a triok upon me, in order to incrcaso my evident melan- choly. Nevertheless, under the influence of some im- pression caused by tho plaintivo summons, I refused to play any longer, and presently roturned alone to Har llour. On reaching my godmother's, houso, I was shocked to dcarn that she had oxpirod during tho after- noon; pronouncing my naroo twice, and breathing her last sigh at tho moment of tho second summons 1 had heard. These facts aro well known to some twelve or fifteen people at Harfleur," ' and at Quillobceuf, most of whom aro still (in 1851) living, and were I to live fifty years, the sound and tho impression will never depart from my memory." ? But of course these "BO-callcd facts" had their com- mon sourco m the narrator. Therefore, as a question of evidence, no corroboration is gained by their being known to the dozen or fifteen people still living. (JTo be concluded in our next.) 