To the Editor of The Herald. Sir, — Your correspondent 0. C. wilfully misunderstands mo. I do not wish to recom mend the Western Market as a suitable place for tho statue. I said that it would be moro suitable than tho place he has chosen — facing the Modol Sehools. In my opinion, the statue ought to be placod in a position whore it can be eeen to the best advantage, and I will now, with your pormissisn, give my reasons for pre ferring the two positions I havo named to the spot named by your othor correspondents. If it is to remain iu Melbourno proper, let it rest where it it, as from every point of view it stands nut in bold roiiof against tho sky, tho hnildinga around do not interfere with the view, and howevor largo Melbourne may grow, it will never interfere to any great extent with the truffie so as to bo an obstruction. Should it be placed by tho Model Schools what kind of back ground will it liavo then ? Coming from Collingwcod you will have tho roof and chimneys of the Princess' Theatre for a beok ground ; from tho top of Bourko street you will havo two tall smoky chimneys ; from the Parliament Reserve you will liavo again more chimnsys with tho addition of a con glomeration of tho top3 of dirty red brick houses, and so spoil tile effect of tho statue entirely. Now eupp-.sod it is placed in ths reserve opposite the Unirorsity, what appear ance will it havo then ? In the first plaeo you have ,a large space of ground, ou a gcatlo eminence, whore it can be seen from all sides to every advantage. Tho neat buildings around aro too far off to interfere iu any way, while at tho same they add to tho picturrsqueno s of the of the view ; and to finiili all, tho associations harmonise. Theso, Mr Editor, nro my reasons, und wiiiio thanking you for publishing them, I wish to add that, I havo said all I wish to say UDOn this eubieot : and remain voura most respcctiully, 0\. Y. R. Chehistby of Wine. — The gases ia wino bare been examined by M. M. Berthelot and Do Fleurieu, principally in experimenting ou the wineof Formiohon of 1859, preserved i 1 bottles three years. _ Tho gases found in wine were : ,1. Carbonio acid in varying proportions, diminishing as tho time had elapsed ainco ils fermentation, and being small in quantity ia the wine abovo named. 2. Nitrogen in the pro portion of about twenty cubit contimatres in the litre of the abovo named wine. This gas was isolated by tho method of displacement when cold, tho wino being agitated several times with its volume of absolutely pure carbonio acid. No traco of oxygon was fuund in the wino analysed. Tho wine was perfectly transparent, and iu a very gocd stntcof preser vation. Tbe absence of oxygen is a very im port nt fact. It agrees with tho exis'eneo of the oxydisablo principle already remarked in wine, and with tho rapid chtmge which wins undergoes when exposed to tho aotion of air — M.Beoliamp lately unnounoed the presence in acctio acid in the products of alooholio fermen tation. M. Pasteur, so eminent for his re searches in this department of chemistry, admits the fact ; but M. Maumono has lately written to tho Fronoh Academy of Soienoe stating that well-made wines do not contain any acetic acid, and thoroforo its prosonoo must be due to other causes. Ho states that tho wines of Ohampagno aro m>io with very groat earo. They are always saturated with oar- bonio acid after leaving the press, and aro not brought into real contact with tho air at any period of their manufacture. They may be truly nsiimilated to the liquors obtained by fermentation in tho laboratory, and may be regarded as moro easy to preserve from con tact with tho air, in eonsequenoo of tho large quantity of oarbonio acid they hold in solu tion. _ Hcuco it appears doubtful that aeotie acid in a real product of alooholio fermenta tion. M. Maumeue considers its absence as certain. — Illustrated London News. Another Nbw Ghost! — A French gentlemen, who had heard rum called spirits, went into ono of our hotels a fow ovonings since, and called for a glass of punch, request ing at tho samo time that is should bo made with ghosts from tho West IndietJ 