Tua essential obaraatarlatio cf tbe pulpit Ia this: Tb«! it should ba an elevated 'pitea in a eburob, whence tha \ preacher maj address'the congregation. lilt m», ia passing, express the great disapproval with which I sometimes hear a Christian congregation spoken of aa an aadienee ; a good audience meaning a large congrega* t'on; a bad audience, ora thin andiene; meaning.ai email congregation. There ir; indeed, a lower deep . oban this ; it ia to apeak of a erowded home; meaning.« ? congrégation whioh file ita ohnrob. Lit not phrases taken from the theatre or the lecture.room be naen! - eonoerning the bouse of Cod. But lo resume. Th era are oouotrle», »* everybody knows, wb.rs tbe pulpit ii essential jr »nd exclusively aasociated witb the sermon} There are others, and there is. one in particular, very well kaown to : the writer, in whose National Charoh. prayers end sermons are spoken of from the same plaoe, : and, save at the celebration of the Holy Communion, the» .. entire Cburoh service ls performed from that Bpot.. Yet even in tbat oountry the name of the pulpit naturally .? sng'gests the sermon. And what varieties there are of the thing I Yon have possibly aeon pulpits cf all de-i' grees, from the boga ereotlon piled up rgainât a pillar in the nave of a great foreign oitbedral ; on erection which'moot dwarf the preaober, and wbiob in feet ia " seldom need ; down to the rickety box of deal Btusk ?gainst [the wall of a little Scotob oountry oburoh ; unpainted end uadraped, ead worm-eatej. Even from saab a pulpit has the writar not unlrvqaontly preached; sometimes to oountry. folk whose intel» . ligent and hearty attention mado one- forget the nu. worthy odifloo which was esteemed good enough for the worship of Almighty Qed. Ones upon.a time, inj» '? certain ratal pariah; snob was (he writci'd own pulpit ; bat of ooaree tbat would not do, and a little represente,» Hon in the r!g>bt quarter soon made it give place to deootoae dark oak and orimaon. Let me say tbat I can- not understand those clergymen who do not care a whit * how shabby their ohuroh maybe; and who contrive, aa I have witnessed, to provide the r.atiah with a moBt elegant and comfortable rareonege, leaving the poor old ob arch a mortifying contrast of dirt aod rqaalor. Then there) , ore pulpits of wood end of. stone ; tue latter sometimes . of one block of freestone, gracefully oarred over its surface, like that beautiful pulpit in tho oatbedrat of Chester; . sometimes of marble, a oosCy piece br inlaid work, like the t elaborate pulpit at All Saints ?'? in London; sometimes resting on a clustered .' shaft of porphyry or granite, and dislojing panels ea. riohed with figures in high relief, like that most pleasing " pulpit at St. Ann's in Dublin. Sometimes tbe stone.. pulpits are warmly padded incide with' crimson oloth ; BOO a.imes they are eold white marbia within, unrelieved ; by a vestige of drapery, very obillv to look at, and (oas ? ?. would say) to preach from. : SometimaB pulpits are very > bigb, Bometimea ostentatiously low ; in the. litter oise, in the Oberohes io England,"where tbs childish ilea has been admitted, tbat to maka the pulpit loftier than tba * reading-desk ia to " elevate the place of preaching ab over', the place of prayer." Sometimes~tbe"palpl: proper ¡is '-' lost in a hage ereoticn bf atairs. and. terraoea, ond plet. , forms and ugly- iron railings, filling np the end of I a ; ohuroh in wbiob" there is no altar ; aa. though to aja-1 nonnoe to all aomers, bera tbe sermon is the first thing. Sometimes it ia a little projecting jigbrstone, in modest ? corqer,. as though to say, Here the. sermon is na;' great matter. And, to say the tratb, ia snob, oiBesiir generally is no great-matter, - I OJuld easily nama a oburoh, where I baye been present. nt a choral service, performed by forty surplioed ohoirlBtera with admirable ', taste end skill; and where the sermon wbioh followed,, though ebor', was extremely tedious, and, infiot, %ras so . bad that it oonld not by any possibility have' been worse. - Somt times yoa miy find a stone pulpit in tbs open air. ? es that of Magdalen; College at Oxford, whonoo tba' . university sermons were sometimes preached. ' There is in Eogland a pariah church where the pulpit consists pf a volve1- evered ea«y ohair, witb a mnela.stand plaoed ' in front of iv The builders af .that ohuroh are recorded' to have tesolved tn erect a ohuroh which no haman being on a oarBory inspection, would ute to ben ohnrob ; arid . they baye, to a great degree, snnanr-ded ia tbeir intelll* ' gent purpose.-'' A K. tí.J¡",'{n Ffazer'a'Bfagag(ñt.> À STAETLINO MEETINO,-Among the burials whick took ' place at tbe Cemetery on'Sanday lost, was one_of a, mau : w&tBB;>vrrfe( when tbe last oflioes were on tho ¿ve of being {jei-formed, foe - the.firat time became acquainted with the) laot.that the remains ¡about to be interred were those of her husband. Tbetpartie«, it appears, bad for some tima" lived sport, and the man dying-,, bis fanerai waa fixed for Sunday, when the woman strolled leisurely Into tbs Cemetery. At the conclusion of ono* aei-vfce, and on tho next corpse being.borne into tho chapel, Mrs,--inquired whose it waa ; and on toing Informed .exclaimed, to tho astonishment of the bystanders, " Why, that ia my husband! So completely was abe taken.by surprise, that all Bite was able to do was to signify a wish . to leave the building-, but - .nui prerailoJ upon to remain till the indoor obsequies wer over.-Norfolk Neus. . On Wednesday nigbt. sayB a B:ob.nond paper, D;oem ber ll, tba bodieB bf six deoeated Yankee prisant rs wera depositad in,the deadhonae of tho hospital ti await tbe oomiag of the undertaker with o&ffla;?. Yesterday morn, log ono of the bodies was gone, and tbo plank knooked from the bouse showed the way tho ghost weat. Ha . had boen "pluying possum,* and was laid oat. among ' the dead, only to get up and run away when' nobody waa ' looking.' " ?" ' A married woman, of intemperate habits, rebiding ab Bishop Stortford put her children to bed, and thea went out for drink..' Her husband not Cndlnvr her at horne went . to aearoh for her. Next morning the miserable woman waa found dead at the battom of a chalk pit, in a' field about 200 yards from her home, with ber beer jug by ker side and money in her band. . ' ?- i ' Despite the thaw whioh had set in, and the fact that water had been pumped into the Edgbaston (Birmingham) reservoir, a yonng min persisted in skating on tho icc. lt gavo w*y, anl he became immergod. Some persona rushed ? to his assistanoe-among them a boy, who also became) . immersed. Both lost their lives, »ad aa. by the foolhardi- ness, of one man, another lifo was sacrificed. During tho present winter many inoidents of a similar natara haver " occurred. . . _ .-. . The Enpress Eugenio has been skating- on the lake in tho Bois de Boulogne. Her Majesty foll twice not three times OB bas been atated in a morning'piiper. : After her aeoond fall, rte said to the Iuoky, individual whoBe happy fate it waa to raise her from the' ioo. " II'faut', toni apprendre même a bien tombes !'>-.' One should Jekrii everything; eveu how to fall I . How wonderfully prosoiont would these words have Bounded had they issued from the lips of Maris Antoinette ! -Illustrated Times. Tho Queen of Madagascar is reported to have marriod her Prime Miuiater. The favoured individual had appropriated all tho orown jewels. The population, poor aouLt, wera highly dissatisfied. A house baa boen blown into tbe air in Wcat-street. Pesth r alargeatook of petroleum waa ignited therein, and a lato aocount says that fifteen dead bodies bad been picked up. amongst tho ruina. Mr. David Maloo!maon, a shipwright, of Dalton, and a volunteer, waa cleaning hi« loaded rifle when thc charge exploded and lodged in bia breast. He shouted and assist- ance arrived, but he died in ton minutes. We read the following advertisement in the Petititt Aßche :-"A young lady, aged twenty-five years, with a very Btrong beard, which will attraot tko curious, wiabes to becomo demoiselle in a cafe. Address, &o.;" A'lady persisted in walking through an Irish town, on tho 12th of January last, with a largo orange lily in her. breast. Aorowd followod, threatening violónos.' A polioc oflioer remonstrated with her, bat OB bite would not rcmova the Hewer he took it from her. - Tho lady bsa cotn menoed an aation against tho ofiioor. ? Sha contends that she. had .a right to'wear tho flower, and that it. waa tba of hoer'8, duty to drive away tho mob arid protcot her ia wearing it. , La France, adverting to Bóuhcr's spoooh, in the Corp'» Législatif, says its beat commentary are a few words penned by the- present occupant of ? the French throne, apropos of . publio opinion-''FOLLOW it,; you aro: dragged along!; RESiBT lt;you are overthrown¡ ao DBFOBK IT, and it-will uphold you." ?.? I Throwing. ? aside all ceremony, the Empresa took upon - herself last Monday, tho oflioe ot' naming the dances and,:: with 'laughing perseverance, ouch ' timo a .waltz waa in-, request called for ' Rosita," the waltz she danced with the». Emperor at tho very first ball wberVthoy met, and the very first time they bad danced together.-Paris oorrespondonoa . of the Ciurt Jeumal. ' ' .'? ' W. ' ir It is rumoured that tho infant Fririoe'will bo'appropriately called oftor ona of tho Danish Soa-Kings who used to ravage : tko ahoroB of England. Mr Isaac ironsides, a somewhat ocoentrio rnombor of tho Sheffield Town Counoil, told that body, on Tharaday last, something new, but wo apprehend it was not true. Ha said' it waa known uti over England that an estrangement hod takou plooo between her Majesty and the Prince of Wales, in consequence of hi« mat ri ago. The staterant was, met with orles of " No, no," from many of Mr. Ironside's col- leagues. A few days ago Mr. William Eadie, ' storekeeper, Barkip Store, near Beith, had a cow killed, and in cutting up the animal a place of a reaping hook twelve inohes long, waa found In ila bladder. The cow was appirently* healthy when killed. When M. Rouher, In tho Corps Législatif, declared that the Orloana family wa« still compiriui; and had not given up ita hopes of tue throne, M. Thiers exclaimed, " Do not apeak ill of those whom you' robbed," alluding ta tba Orleans cjiAicatfon deere* of 1§52, 