TRANSPORTATION. (From the Daily News, November 19.) Our two most important colonies are just now suffering serious disadvantage, which they trace to the action or opinion of the mother country. The Australians, harassed by bushrangers, who invest and almost occupy the principal roads, " stick up" travellers and rob the public mails, and who defy the vigilance of the mounted police, soo in the prevalence of crimes of violence and in the disposition of the lower class of trades- men in the towns to give facilities to robbery, the fruits and relics of what they call the " convictism' conferred on them by the mother country, as she conferred slavery on America. While they are at their wits' ends for expedients to master this evil, they are irritated beyond measure to learn that the governing classes in England meditate, in their snug, comfortable homes, a renewal and extension of the transportation of criminals to their continent. The exasperation which this news has produced can hardly be exaggerated. The expected advent of English rascal dom in Western Australia and its certain dissemination over the richer colonies was the one universal topic of discussion in Australia when the overland mail left. The Houses of Assembly were memorialising the Home Government, public meetings were being held, and there was not a newspaper which did not denounce the recommendations of the Lords' committee as fraught with the most serious danger to the colonies, and to the good relations hitherto existing between them and the mother country. This, however, is an old story. The facts have again and again been placed before the English public with little or no result, and it only remains to regret that our disposition to glory in those prosperous colonies as signs of our national greatness does not lead us to value their worth and respect their rights as young and growing communities, whose character we may help to protect or degrade, to our future honor or shame. A century hence, when Australia has become the seat of a population exceeding that of those islands, men will have difficulty in believing that Englishmen of this generation had the levity to treat it as a fit place on which to shoot out our social refuse Pride in Fowr.s.?Fowls have plenty of vanity and pride. They are very sensible to admiration from man, and miss accustomed notice. A prize bird knows itself. The queen of the poultry-yard must eat first, and stand by the king at feeding time. She in- sists any invasion upon her- rights, and will have a precedence in all things. Indeed, precedence in the court-yard seems an valued as at earthly courts. Ago and priority of residence in the yard, not less than size and strength, constitute right to precedence. No dowager over treated young class of girls more contemptuously than the senior hon trouts for junior. One has heard of aSwissoow which died of vexation when her body was taken from her. So did a hen of mine, long mistress of the poultry-yard, die of smothered pride, when a now quenched, partner to a new king, (a pair I bought at a poultry show), came into my enclosure. The rival queens eyed each other for a moment steadfastly, then rushed to the combat. The new comer, though the old hen fought bravely, was the stronger. Mrs, Mercury, as we called the old hen from the wing-like feathering on her legs, never attempted to try her chance again, succumbed in a melancholy manner, and, after a few days' morning, gave up the ghost,? " Cocks and Hens," in All the Year Round. The Southern correspondent of the Times states that the hunger and thirst" for money pervades the South; that the " very air is corrupted by the presence of the hosts of Hebrews and blockade runners " and that horse thieves, burglars and occasional garotters, swarm in the streets of Richmond." Minister Cassius M. Clay writes from St. Petersburg to a gentleman in Washington? "They have granted me a telegraph line charter, the line to run from the mouth of the Amoor River to America. It will unite all the continents, and be the great work of the ago. It will illustrate my mission to this country." Ireland.?" A rumor," says the Cork Examiner, " is being spread through various parts of the country that Ireland is on the eve of a revolution or rebellion. The signal for the rising is to be the landing in some of our bays or harbors of an armament from America, provided with an ample supply of arms and all the other munitions of war for the use of all those who yearn to throw off the ' yoke of the Saxon.' It is also believed that there is at this moment existing in Ire- land a secret society having its head-quarters in Dublin, and branches in Cork, 'franc, and all the other principal towns of the kingdom. This society, it is said, is at this very moment actively engaged in organising the people and preparing them for the anticipated invasion, having them taught military drill wherever practicable. ? Thus they will be fitted to avail themselves of the arms that shall be placed in their hands by their foreign friends. It is further hinted, in mysterious language that certain persons whose present position hold them back, will assume leading parts in the struggle once it has begun." The Greyson ludicrous Court calamity increased the troubles of the Queen, and with them her unwillingness to declare war against the Queen of Scots. The three daughters of the Duke of Suffolk had been placed, one after another, in the line of succession by Henry VIII. Lady Juno was dead, Lady Catherine was dying from the effects of her long and cruel imprisonment; the third, Lady Mary, had remained at the Court, and one evening in August, when the Scotch plot was thickening, got herself married in the palace itself, by an old fat priest in a short gown, to Thomas Keys, the sergeant porter. Lady Mary was " the smallest woman in the Court." Keys was the largest man, and that seemed to have been the chief bond of connexion between them. The lady was perhaps anxious for a husband, and knew that Elizabeth would keep her single till she died. Discovery followed before worse had happened than the ceremony. The burly sergeant porter was sent to the Fleet to grow thin on discipline and low diet; the Lady Mary went into private confinement; and both were only too eager to release each other, and escape from punishment. The bishops were set to work by the council to undo the knot, and found it no easy matter.' Elizabeth had a fresh excuse for her detesta- tion of the Greys and a fresh topic on which to descant in illustration of the iniquities of matrimony History of England, from the Fall of Wolsey to the Death of Elizabeth. It appears that during the year there have been forty-two applications for registration at the office of the Land Registry, comprising property of the estimated value of one million sterling, much of it being building land hitherto kept together, from the legal expenses attending its transfer in parcels, but the sub-division of which will soon of itself increase the number of registered estates to several hundreds. We lately reported the circumstances attending an outrage committed by a supposed madman, about two miles from Worcester, on a woman named Barnes. Mrs. Barnes was at work in her cottage when a man respectably dressed entered and beat her about the head with a bludgeon, fracturing her skull. The supposed culprit has been apprehended at Gloucester. He gives his name as James Barton; but at Gloucester he had assumed the title of Lord Spencer. In the great battle of Gettysburg the color-sergeant of the 10th Vermont fell mortally wounded. At once a dozen men rushed up to seize the colors and hear them forward. The poor wounded sergeant grasped the stuff with both his clenched hands; his eyes were already dimmed with death; he could not see who it was that tried to wrest his charge from him. "Are you friends or enemies?" he cried out, " We are friends;" was the reply, " give us the colors." "Their, friends," said he, " I am mortally wounded; let me hold up the flag UH I die," and so saying, he fell blacklead. Surely a nobler soldier than this poor fellow never lived At York paper, 