HOME NEWS. Wondeks will never cease, it seems, from taking flight to Australia. All the wonderful exhibitions, all the marvellous discoveries, all the astonishing displays of scientific hanky-panky and ambidextrous artfulness generated in the old country ave sure to take a turn to the antipodes. Any man, woman, or child, especially gifted by nature or invested by education with some rare and distinguishing faculty, can, when he, she, or it notices any symptoms of wearying in the admiration of the old land, find fresh fields and pastures new in the topsy-turvy regions of the south. Here they can recreate their bodies, replenish their purses, and recuperate their intelligence while a fresh generation at home are maturing to an appetite for wonderment. We have had actors, musicians, dancers, acrobats, conjurors, cricketers, billiard players, sensation preachers, and now we are to have a spiritualist. On the authority of the Herald, the editor of which seems to he en rapport with the great theatrical agent of performers from the other world, Mr. Home is coming. Mr. Home seems to have been the chief entrepreneur of the ghostly profess ionals who have made such a sensation at private tea-parties in England. He appears to have quite superseded the old illusionary spectacle of the magic lantern. He has been in the habit of attend ing small domestic gatherings in London, and exhibiting just like a genteel artist in prestidigitation, who comes in a swallow-taiLand a two-guinea shirt, and gets a pound or so and his tucker for the night's entertainment. Mr. Home, however, seems to be suddenly overtaken and possessed with the idea that he is born for the universe, and that he ought not to narrow his mind and give up to an evening party what was so obviously meant for mankind. So he has made arrangements with his corps of spirits, (please excuse the Irishism, for a trip to Australia. Whether Mr. Home's spirits will be admitted free of duty, or not, is a matter that must he determined by the usages of society as well as the customs of the Government. In any case, we presume that Mr. Home will have to take out a spirit license before commencing business. Of course the spirits will travel hither overland, (that is, through the air), as at this season a quick passage can be made by taking advantage of the westerly monsoon. Mr. Home will, probably, come by sea, and' bring his own tables, and chairs, and dancing furniture, as well as some German accordeons for his ghostly troupe to play on — the said stomach-aching engine of annoyance being the only musical instru ment they seem to care about. Mr. Home's exhibition will, doubtless, much resemble the thrilling solemnities of his darkened apartment in London. A dozen credu lous people will meet at dusk in a small room, the blinds will be pulled down, and the supernatural antics will commence. One favorite item in the programme is the mysterious ascent of the great spirit ualist from the floor to the ceiling, buoyed up by invisible operators who seem to hold him there till they are tired, and then to drop him softly on to his legs, and all to the sound of slow music and no particular tune. Then the spectators, (if they may be called so, being kept so much in the dark), occasionally feel upon their hands a chill clammy touch as from a cold pork chop. The tables begin to utter knocks as though impatient for conversation, and Mr. Home promptly interprets the mahogany language. Suddenly the room grows darker, the music more affecting, the pork chop more assiduous, handkerchiefs are twitched from ladies fingers and dashed upon the carpet with fearful violence ; an ©Id gentleman, sitting with his legs crossed, has his shoe torn from his foot and hurled into impenetrable gloom ; chairs rock and tumble about with quadrupedal irrationality ; the aceordeon, which seems to have run up the chimney, drones forth a solemn trembling sound like the mighty wailing utterance of abysmal despair, and the whole com pany go into fits. It is really a wonderful performance, highly interesting as well, for one finds it difficult, after being present at a sitting such as we have sketebily described; to imagine a limit to Mr. Home's in fluence over ghosts, and to his powers of conversation with intelli gent upholstery. On the arrival of this distinguished addition to our imported celebrities we should like to witness a performance at the Prince of Wales, and see the spiritualist lifted up to the chandelier by imperceptible friends. We should also not object to see a billiard table made to dance about on the stage, but don't seem to care about the conversation by rapping, as any information obtained by these raps has been generally found to be not worth the rap that has been given for it. 