. Cfrt (Bmfxxt. SYDNEY, FRIDAY, OCT. 14, 1864. THE fifth Bestión of the present unprofitable Parliament trill open ander circumstances o mingled curiosity and disgust. What exeusei the GOVERNOR will be induced to make for hie Ministers-how it will be sought to justify i delay which makes it necessary for memberi either to neglect their duty or to suffer the tortores of a heated atmosphere for months, will be a preliminary question, but one likely ta engage considerable attention. If the result ol this lengthy iocubation is to be the production of some sublime policy which will east all previous efforts into the shade, the inconvenience may be endured, and the policy may be discussed. But we can hardly expect anything of the kind; and it must be hoped that Parliamentary forms »"¡ll not again be resorted to for the purpose of forcing his Excel- lency into the disagreeable position of giving temporary shelter to responsible advisers by the utterance of a solemn delusion. It will be best to state at once that nothing hss been done, and that nothing is intended to be done. We have gone through a dreary,' wearjiog, and exhausting process since .Ibis Parliament was called into existence in Decem- ber, I860. The first session was opened by Sir WILLIAM DENISON on the tenth of January, 1861, and sat for four months. On the third of September of the same year. Sir JOHN YOUNO opened the second session, and lt was closed on the twentieth of January, 1802 ; the Land Acts, having then passed into law. ;Oh the twenty seventh bf May the third session met} ; and another prorogation took place on the twentieth of December. Next year, on the twenty third of Jone, a similarly pompous display inaugurated tbe fourth session. On this occasion. Mr. EAGAR made a flowery speech, and, reviewing the speeches of Governors daring the three years preceding, asked, with well.feigned indigna . lion, what had been done to make good the promises so put forth. After nearly four months of useless squabbling, the COWPER Ministry resigned on the eighth ol October, 1868 ; and Mr. EAOAR and Eis friends were sffoided an opportunity of showing us how much better they could manage mattere. They " carried on " for five or six months, and, after failing even to provide Ways and Means , for the expenditure, brought the Parliament' again into a state of collapse on tba twenty-second of April last. The GOVERNOR, in his prorogation speech on that occasion, gave a candid aui-.ituary ot the exertions of his Ministers, and their results. "Although," be said, " their labours had not resulted in the passing of many new- laws,,they had in all pro- bability paved tho way for the more easy solution! in -tb« ensuing session, of questions of importance which still remained unsettled." His Excellency was further inàcta to express -his " confidence that another . seseion .would -.sot bo permitted to elapse without the necessary enactments being passed ,for . the purpose of placing our financial affairs ^Dk. a üound and satisfactory condition." By w«y óí ióBsolation, we were also told that '* the resources of the country were more than sufficient to enable us to'sustain, without diffi- culty, a greater strain than it had been subjected to by any calamities which it had hitherto en- countered." And ao the fourth session olosed ; and Ministers bave ever since been left to their own petty devices. Although Mr. MARTIN bad stated, apparently with candour, his conviction that the condition of the revenue would make it necessary that Parliament 'should be called together without delay, five months have been allowed to elapse without affording the repre- sentatives of the people an opportunity of expres- sing their opinions on the state of the country Truly our "resources" ought to be. enormous, tb enable us to bear such " strains" BB these. Looking back to the time when thia Parlia- ment was elected, we seem to have an age of , retrospection - an awful ' waste, with scarcely a speck of verdure. Of the four sessions past, the first, which opened in January, 1861, may be taken as merely pre- liminary, and for each of the remaining three we have a remarkable measure on the Statute Books. The first is the Land Law ; the second the New Police Act ; and the third the News- paper Stamp Tax. We defy the most imagi- native person to think of any one enactment besides these that hss left'any pervading im- pression on the public mind. We have had three Premiers, and there is just a separate mea- sure for each of them. But during the whole of this time there have been other measures, or the ghosts. ot them, displayed before the public and withdrawn again. The re-construction of the Upper House was declared by Sir WILLIAM DENISON, in January, 1861, to be a subject of interest. Such it continued to be according, to Mr. EAOAR'S opposition speech in May, 1863 ; and perhaps the old ,topio will be called upon to do duty again'in1 thé'speech next Tuesday; but there it will remain." In the year 1861, the complaints of police*, inefficiency for the sup- pression . of robberies were numerous and frequent; and now, (owardB the close of the, year 1864, and after nearly three yean*' experience of the new system of suppression, the complaints continue, and the police are the sport and the victims of those whom they had, at such enormous cost, been organised - to put down. In 1861 tho want of reform in the land system had effected a parliamentary revolution ; but now, after the lapse of nearly four years, the reform, grudgingly granted is impeded in its operation for want of an equitable impounding law. In tbe year 1861 the Post-office depart- ment was one ot the standing nuisanoes of the country. At the close of 1864 unpopularity has been stimulated' to hatred by the imposition sf grievous taxes, upon letters and newspapers. And'amidst all these increasing causes of com- plaint-with a failing revenue through bungling policy, and with no stated means of supply- ing the deficiency-Ministers have slept on, deferring for nearly six months that Parliamentary consultation which they bad acknowledged to be BO urgently needful. Their budget, political and financial, ought to be filled Fit h something of mora than ordinary value to make np for the waste of time that bas occurred since the Land Bills were passed. The present Ministry, in taking the place of the la«t, might naturally bave been expected to profit by the errors they denounced, and to improve upon tho policy which they opposed ; but they have done neither, and Beena to have contented them- selves with exercising irresponsible authority as long as they ceuld-collecting money in what- ever way they wera able, spending it as they pleased, and apparently glad to delude them- selves into tbe belief that no day of reckoning would come, when the outraged principles of representative government mest be necessarily vindicated in the Assembly that had been abused. Everyone who cares for these things must rejoice in the prospect of ventilation. There is, abo ut the whole affair, of now nearly four years' dnration, so mush mustiness that tbe least opening for a hope of something better is worth wasting some sense of satisfaction, npon it. When the absurd combinations that have oaused all this sacrifiée of valuable time are resolved into their elements, a political nightmare will be lifted from our breas's, and we shall be able to find, in new blond, a vindication of our ability to administer worthily Responsible Government. 