PARISIAl VIEVW OF AN ENGLISH SENSATION DRAMA. A recent communication from the able Paris correspondent of our leading morning contemporary, contains the following amusing description of a sensation drama now per. forming every night at the Theatre Chatelet -" It is founded on tho novel of 'Aurora Floyd,' and is called "Lo Secret do Miss Aurora.' For obvious reasons, our sensation novels, however meanly they may be thought of by persons of any refinement of taste, were likely to be highly relished by a large class of French readers. ' Miss Aurora's Secret,' as put upon the Paris stago, seems to be looked upon as a very serious and pathletic play; butI suspect that its effect upon Eng lish spectators will be to provoke hearty laughter. They can hardly be otherwise than immensoely diverted at the French conception of an English country gentleman eating and drinking as hard and as fast as he can put fork and glass to his mouth, with his facthee within six inchesof his plate,and,whilo thusde vouring, incessantly and unintelligibly talking. lHe occasionally makes a very short break in his epiourean pleasuro to address a burst of sentiment to his wife; and, when trouble comes upon him, he sits and whimpers help lessly. Balstrodo, the dashing cavalry officer, is got up to resemble as nearly as possible a distressed tailor; but, as he wears moustaches and a bit of variegated ribbon in the button hole of his black coat, it is, of course, impos sible not to recogniso his profession. The coroner, a very bald gentleman, with a won derfully pink scalp, and a tippet to his coat, comes in, attended by two policemen, to take Aurora to prison; but he allows himself to be molified, and calls in a witness, who takes upon himself the office of counsel for the do fence, reasons with the coroner, and convinces him that Aurora is innocent and Hargrave guilty. Whereupon Hargrave, who is repre sonted as a bandy-legged giant, with a dis eased physiognomy, intimidates the police man by the display of a carving knife, and escapes to the woods, but only to be there tormented by the ghost of James Conyers and other apparitions, got up upon the Pepper principle, and which are the most effectivo thingsin the play. Much stress is laid in the bills. upon what is called a hop-picking fes tival, which takes place in a sort of forest, amid hugo trees, whereon the hops may be supposed to have grown; but, having been gathered, they are, of course, no longer seen. 'he festival consists of a series of dances per. formed by young ladies':in Scotch costume, most of the meon present also having, more or less, a tartan in their attire-it being, appa rently, the conviction of French playwrights that the ' Highlander', is the chief and pro. ddminating ingredient in the population of Great Britain." WnAT DolnRIsuMa DO ?-- eorge Penn Johnson, one of our mnost eloquent stump speak. ere, who loves a good thing too well to let It slip upon any occasion, addresslnf a meeting where It was a great point to obtain the Irish vote, alter alluding to the native American party in no flat. tering terms, inquired, " Who dig our canals P Irishmen. Who build our railroads? Irishmou. (Great applause.) Who build sil our gaols P Irish men. (Still greater applause.) ' Who fill all our gaols P Irishmlenl " This clapping climax, il t did not bring down the house, did the Irish, in a rush' for theatand. Johnson did not wait to receive them.-llarper's New Monlhly Magazine. .: i 