MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. Extbaobdikaut Vegetation". —Mr. Norris, clerk in the office of the Grown Solicitor. . his furnished us with an account of the following auomaious circumstance, which we recommend to the consideration of the Philosophic Society at its nest meeting:—Situated near to the Breakfast Creek Brewery is a spring of water, "in the middle of wliich is a tree growing. Tiiis I ree for the last six weeks has been dropping waterfrom its boughs and branches in a quantity equal to the force of a heavy rain shower. Whether or not' the tree absorbs the water into its general system of sap-' circulation, and then in the manner lietaiied dis charges the surplus, is a matter for our savants to determine. The circumstance at least is singular, and we believe without precedent.— North Australian (Queensland), November 3. A Prophecy in Jest.—Tlie following extract from a burlesque in the New Monthly' Magazine for 1S2L (vol ii.), entitled "Specimens of a Prospective Newspaper, A.D. 4796,"' is curious: —"The army of the Northern States (of America) will take the field against that of the Southern Provinces early next -spring. The principal Nor thern force will consist of 1,490,000 picked troops. General Congreve's new mechanical cauuon was tried last week at the siege of Georgia. It dis charged in one hour 1,420 balls, each weighing 5 cwt. The distance of the objects fired at was 11 miles, and so perfect was the engine that the whole of the balls were lodged in the space of 20 feet square." A subsequent article in this specimen states that, "by means of a new inven tion, Dr. Clark crossed the Atlantic in seven days." How little did the writer anticipate that, in 40 years, these, to him wild fancies, would be almost realized! It is worth notice that a war between North and South was then anticipated.—Notes and Queries. CtmxoTTS Medical Facts. — It is a curious thing that life among the Arabs is of a more healthy kind than the life of the seif-same Arabs brought into town (even the Spahis iu Paris got sick lately till encamped along with their horses and cows), and the reason lias only leaked out gradually. Such Arabs have no disease ii ke mea sles or sinall-pox that* amoupst the Chinese to wit, either renders blind or kills 30 per cent, of the population. The Arabs lie asleep with their horses and oxen. The "grease," a peculiar disease of horses, gives cow-pox to the cows, and this latter saves the Arab children from small-pox. Measles, is another disease, as well as consumption, that they escape. Some striking facts go to show that measles arise from feathers and straw used in - nurseries for children. Seventy per cent, of the cases spread and arise by infection, so this the Arabs escape. Consumption, agaiu, is a disease unknown among Arabs, living in the open air; it is a disease as certainly arising from bad venti lation in close rooms as that the sun lises in the cast, or that our Irish workhouses are nurseries of . this felt disease. It is now believed that tobacco is less injurious to the world than sugar, as the latter is the root of a series of diseases ending in rlieu matism and diseased heart.—Dr. Kidd. Effects of Smoking on Communities. —That which smoking effects either as a pleasure- . or a penalty on a man, it inflicts on any national? representation of the same man; and taking it all in all, stripping from the argument the puerilities and exaggerations of those who claim to he tile professed antagonists of the practice, it is fair to say that, in the main, smoking is a luxury which any nation, of natural habits, wonid he better without. The luxury is not directly fatal to life, hut its use conveys to the mind of the msa who looks upon it calmly the unmistakable idea of physical degradation. I do not hesitate to say tha* if a community of youths of both sexes, whose progenitors were finely formed and power-; ful, were to be trained to the early, practice of smoking; and if marriage were to be confined tiv smokers, an apparently new and physically in-• fecior race of men and women would be bred tip. ' Of course such, an experiment is impossible as to live; for many of our fathers do not smoke; and - scarcely any of our" :mothers, and thus, to the cred.t of our women, chiefly, be it said, the in tegrity of our race is fairly preserved. "With in creasing knowledge we may hope that the same integrity may be further sustained; but still, the fact of what tobacco can do in its extreme action is not the less to lie forgotten, f-ir many evils are maintained because their full. and worst effects are hidden from tile'sight. Again, on the grojphdof , the functional disturbances to which sfaoking gives rise in those who indulge in it; aifiajjhiment may be used which goes very deeply, hud cols nous the. less sharply, because, in one sense, it is ridiculous. Put down the smokers of GicatjBritain at a million in number—they are more'tbsa that, but let it pass. Why should there existper nphiflllr a million of man nnl ona' nT nrlirttn ' petually a million of .men, not one-Of whom can at any moment be writ down as in perfect health from day to day? Why shouldamiilUon ofmen be living with stomachs that orily partially digest, .hearts that labour unnaturally, and Wood tbatfe not: fully oxidized?. _lri . a . purelyphilosophical point of view, the. question admits bf but one answer, viz., that-iheexistence of surii a million of imperfectly -wodring ilivinl;-organisms "J national absurdity—a picture which, to a superior' intelligence observmg the.— would : question—I mean-the use of -hixmies alto^etlier^ on whichquestion, if I.were equallyfairifortdhaccof _ . .'I should be forced to givc it-mplace1 . as one of jjthe least- hurtful of luriirie^.w,ItM)oni" fe his ground, in feet; that tobacco hWds so fiims gS position;gthat of .nearly every luxury it is ihe least njurious-Ikis iimocuous as compared withal- a I cohol;itooesinfinite)ylessharmthansngar;itis j? ih rio-senseswOrse than tea; and:by ihe;Mde'.oF;; high living altogether it contrasts most favourably. " ' • f A.thorough smoker may or may vnbt be a harit' | dnnker : but there is -one thing he never is, aglnt- ■%, '■ f ton; indeed there;is uo cure for gluttony, afidall - 1 its train of certainand fatal evils, Jike tobacco.." ' In England .this cure has been etf eefced wiiotesalri..; . ^Che fnendsof tobacco will add. to these - that their friendly weed" is ' sometimes rib-. only" the least.huriful of luxuries, ;b ' " .. ... luxuries, butthe-most 1 able, i -They will tell of the quretwhich ltbri the overworn body and to the irritable and mind. Their error is transparent and imivefsal. . but notwithstanding- it is practical truth, |h)ie|ri ?fi r their-acceptation-tobacco is -a remedy ^orJoima - * which lie within its own, and as arenoiedyit'wQI : hold its place until-those';-are removal.£ Richardson in the Social i;?' gallon, or one of three different sorts of ale _ or a com gaUom or a gallon rif of oilnieaos^-lbs. other if; you-wiy-* ]npe of do you getr fHjnfe?y-thj«e igaJlohs1 &&&&&&&&'!$ Marsala, S2if Madeira, 117if'Bucellas, and 108': if-Teneriffe. Whatisa btormi;%fSe&'^: pounds of a living man, eight of asfahghteiie&s; bullock, 16 ofjclieese, live of 3ass,-32 of'hemnElfil; . of ffaxat Belfast, 24 of flaxatliowh pat rick.' ~ 141bs.of wool as sold by the "ipb wers,T5 1 wool as sold by the woolstoplefsvtoeaeb" There a®-seven' measures iri -use to defidelU,,^—_. , A hundredweight-may cbhiairiiOOibii JlBiiNCaSvi' 120 lbs. " A hundrMweigWofpoSa^SllriiheOTer; ^;;- ., at^ Belfast^ than iatCq^.;'A-J^^^ugfithm^^ -. .it at iriepit mouth; tAtonibf <»alStihepSMbHStf s - varies from ^22-%wt.;toi'28cwt. of 120lbs. each; a - ' ton to the householder each.- Of cheese, 32'dovcs;(pf'811is.each}'mabeA • ■ wcy in' K&ex;,' 42 in Suffolk. ' We -wSBc in. fhta . Gnited'Kingdom by the measure offourisorts'oF ~'t miles! ari'-Euglith mUe beiiK fiiy yardsjdijHier - ■ than a Scotch mile, 4friTardKKnorU-r,thm,>:nTrittK;./- ■ mile, and; theAgebgraphiialmiile riEing'ifuiothMK ^ ': measure differing from all three.-- Ourverysailois - do not mean the samg.thirig.lwhea4h^'*tolkrir' - fathoms.. On board a mah-of-criu- it means Cfa. on board a merchantman 5tft.i*on boards fishing vessel 5ft. I—Ml the \- >CrAE8S ES R.Kelson.Biandoivlowa,«ajnsthat? ~ *""' *""'' are afflicted byvthe" gapesjit wU| there is a little sack -inllated with"' skin beneaiii ieach wing. and.: " prickedwitha-needle so aS toll dnckenioMy^imzhecDately, " Maeing-tehe Most op a Bi A man; 'namedO'NeiVdfil igoodhuBinfesii "with araamUnBpston. First he gt lumtoj diimto desert, shav^^lus^isters,^^ . soldier to desert a second time, pntav&pu;,*iiiii». . ►imd enlisted .Turn.in 4iioaw#qni|iw(#MBnnp»af-rj an additional 290 dollars.i The ionrm'taih^yd^le .f : hewas yp-wjgging him, the pair were caught. iV GbA^hotheb. Goose. —' A 'man Norridgework, Maine, has a goose ^68 years old.1 ' :. Though attaining this green old ager:^he|DeTCrr tireless is'-hot agreen goose. ^lie -sea^t'nf her longevity consists in the fact thatshfihjdSwayfor - •Several:seasons' at "Christmas timWnBty'kbe.-be-- ' f.' name so tongh thattheycouldn't idliheg -ahQ let . her live oa-inriM iPOgperil-O "- "v5? '^rS" v1:1 • '• ' Wooden IiES.^Aydodea-le^g^cl ^aiha teur happened to he with-a slaniiijBhinjtjparty iii one of the recent battles; wh en a shell Tsfist near him smashing/his artificial limb-to-bits, and sending a piece".of irbnth'roirgh'the ualfof a soldier-aiear him. The soldier gihmed,.and bore it likea/manij while" the amateur.^as loud and emphaticdn his -lamentations. —BelngrelMiked by the wounded soldier ,hh repfied^'-0jyes;? it's all well enough for you-to. bear it. xourregjdid mot cost you anything,' and .will heal n»; .but ipaid $200 in cash for imne."-A merican Paper. , Excellent Reproof. Wlien the Athenian Ambassadors ^expatiated m uch on the 'beauty of Alexanders person, ,and his,y>pwer of drinking a large quantity, of '.wane at one time, Demosthenes heardthese reports vrithindignation, .Dbserrib&°$l^'ilie'°fiiSt^bj^i^;iifgpnin became a "inmiaii'-ai^-aAmi^fe^m/mnmned gjpjftndilar jrf.asponge.;'--;'-'*' True ^OBn.nr. —The day-labourer, who earns withhomyiiahd and ihe sweat of his brow coarse f ood for a witeimd children whom he loves, is raised, »by riblsi geherous riiiJtive, to true dignity; anffitboughwaritingthe refinements of - tire, is a nobler beingftfchanj those ■ who think themselves .ateolred shlfeiwealth torn , serving others, " *. <, The *' Chamber of Death."—Perhaps no public man has lead the courage to send to me Cbamber'ofDeath, . as. ft is called'at the 2%nes office, and ask the editor to let him have a look at his "Life." Sometimes, however, these "lives" appearbefore the breath is out of the body, as re cently ^occurred in, the case , of Lord Clyde.. The Times takesgreat care about these matters. .Some yeara ago a report brought to the -office at 11 o'clock at night that Lord'-Ialin Russell was dead. Mr. Walter, '.who 'goes to the office. much more frequently than is supposed, 'happened to be there. A consultation immediately took place with writers and editdnvand a gentleman of tact and Experience was sent off in the middle of theninhtto Chesham place to enquire into the .truth or fsSsehood'Of the report. He sopn discovered'tbat .it arose out of exaggerated reports , of a slight indisposition, which had . been magnified - into ' the death of ihenoble Lord; but sliort as was his absence horn the office, in the interim ampleineans had ' been- taken to meet the emergency—the-fatal casket. had been opened, thcrecordof a-iife whTch would form in itself no unimportant chapter in Ehe history of tbe conn try was displayed, and an army.of biographers, editors rmdnrint^.wwawwared' te jai«s the ghost of the departed nobleman, andifix the picture in its.. framesTjefqre"thfemornnigfitrht haddawned upon Um^tee^re -of^Iionclcin. : TTOebyhe^ messenger wasrebonsigned toite resring^ila<«tn thfi casfcetythe Chamberof Death closed-'-tSe rejected, cffiuinns replaeed, and the that the2Vmes wfisrej^qd to distinguished a »i^bwi. founoatjtffii voitrtti?/. 