MR. ABEL NINNYPET'S SECOND APPEAR- ANCE ON HORSEBACK. BY OLD BOOMERANG. MY last sketch briefly introduced Mr. Abel Ninnypet, and also conveyed a faint idea of his first appearance on horseback, and the humiliating termination to his anxiously anticipated treat. Though sadly galled and chafed, in body and mind, through the severe exercise, and the sudden descent to the dust, Abel's courage was but slightly impaired, and the merry remarks, and refreshing sympathy of cousins Susan, Jane, and Julia, helped to elevate his fallen spirits to their usual bubble and fizz; while the kind coddling of aunt and uncle Lillipins, with their goose grease and strapping, soon restored his skin and bone to their primitive roundness and softness. The horror of his late adventure was forgotten as speedily as past tem- pests, and he began to enjoy his country life, like a genuine Cockney and to encourage serious thoughts of marrying cousin Jenny, buying a dairy farm, with some steady milkers warranted not to toss, and spending his days in rustic peace and comfort. Daily he might have been seen investigating some new thing about the farm, such as an iron plough, a chaff-cutter, a cheese-press, a potato fork, &c.;, &c.;, or picking up experience in his interviews with the old servants on the establishment, who seemed quite interested in the inquiring young novice; while his mosquito- pecked countenance looked as pleased as a lucky digger's, on his way home, with his belt full of dust, and his heart full of happy anticipations. Some of my readers may possibly be glad to know how Abel got through his next equestrian exercise, so I subjoin a brief description of his experience on that memorable occasion, for the perusal of those who are interested in that promising young gentleman's proceedings. "I shall be very glad of your company, if you feel yourself well enough to ride into Whackadebolo with me to-day, Abel," said uncle Moses Lillypins, about a fortnight after the events before alluded to. "Julia's mare Jessie is as quiet as a pussycat; so you need not be afraid of her shaking your bones out of joint, scaring your brains into a muddle, or sending you flying over the slip rails again, like a clumsy acrobat or a tipsy tailor. A little boy in his first knickerbockers might mount Jessie with safety, so you need not fear any more than if you were getting on to a merry-go-round." "I am not actually afraid to mount any horse on your run, uncle," stammered Abel, while a slight blush of vexation, or wounded pride, tinged his innocent round face. "That is to say, I am not afraid of any rational animal; but I certainly would not ride old Poleaxe again, if it were to save all your stud from going to the cats and dogs. How I managed to keep on his back the other day so long as I did, is a marvel to me, as it is perhaps to many who were gazing at me. I consider him a dangerous beast, uncle; only fit to turn a brick-making machine, or some other machine that he could not conveniently run away with, or jolt to pieces. I fancy, too, that you were playing me a practical joke in giving me such a savage steed, of such an objectionable colour. "By no means, my boy; I hate practical jokes, as all sensible men must do," said uncle Moses, seri- ously. "I had no idea you were going to trot Poleaxe home, full speed, or I certainly should not have allowed you to mount him the other day; first of all for the sake of your own skin and bones, and next for the sake of Poleaxe himself, who is a favourite with the family, in consideration of his long and faithful services. I considered he was the safest horse on the farm for you to take your first lesson upon; for I was sure he would shuffle along with you, as steadily as a trained elephant; wouldn't shy if he met a cavalcade of Chinamen beating gongs; and would never increase his steady pace unless urged to do so with whip or spurs. That is the reason why I se- lected Poleaxe for you. I particularly cautioned the girls, too, not to go out of an amble, for I knew your steed was rather rough at any other pace, having been accustomed to harness all his life. However, Julia's mare will carry you as easily as a see- saw; so let us go and get ready to start, for I should be on the bench by eleven o'clock, and I like to be punctual to my magisterial duties. Half-an- hour afterwards, Abel and uncle Moses were riding down the avenue fronting Dogrose Hall. The former, as he sat up as stiff as an escort officer, though proudly aware that his frolicsome cousins were gazing at him from the dining room windows, was happily unconscious that they were laughing till their cherry-ripe faces were bedewed with moisture from their merry eyes, while they quizzically alluded to the day when they last saw their cockney kins- man, sitting on the back of his piebald charger, and afterwards saw him lying on his own back, on the dirty road; with his astonished steed staring at him, over the slip rails, perhaps wondering why he didn't get up. "Now then, Abel, let us have a canter," said uncle Moses, when they had got on to the high road. Abel seized the pommel of the saddle with one hand, and held the bridle firmly with the other, while his legs hugged Jessie's sides, with death-like tenacity. "Get up Jessie," said uncle Moses, at the same time he gave the little mare a playful touch with his whip, when she began to canter as gently as a rocking-horse. If Abel was timid at all, it was a very temporary weakness; he soon grew delighted with his steed, and his confidence in her straightforward steadiness in- creased so fast, that by the time he reached the town- ship he could venture to relax his hold from the pom- mel of the saddle, and really kept his seat with a grace which a volunteer captain might have copied, and which astonished all the Whakadeobloos who had seen him yawning about on the back of Poleaxe, about a fortnight before, like a drunken sailor just come on shore to spend all his money. Abel and his uncle arrived at the Court-house in good time, when a constable took charge of their horses, and put their saddles in the lock-up. Mr. Lillypins then took his seat on the bench, and Abel sat a silent spectator of the judicial proceedings. The calendar was unusually heavy, for it was the day after a general holiday, on which festive occasions some folks in Australia, as well as in many other parts of the world, are especially prone to get drunk and disorderly, in accordance with their deplorably sensual ideas of holiday keeping. As the day wore on it seemed doubtful if the business of the Court would be got through before daylight had dis- appeared; so about five o'clock in the afternoon uncle Moses beckoned Abel to his side on the bench, and whisperingly advised him to ride home and ex- plain the cause of his (Mr. L.'s) prolonged absence, to the family at Dogrose Dell; as they would probably be awaiting his return to dinner with some anxiety. Abel cheerfully acquiesced in his uncle's wishes, and expressed his confidence in his knowledge of the road home, and his power to keep on his mare's back. The constable reproduced the saddle from the lock- up, and Jessie from an adjacent paddock, and very soon Abel was cantering along the road to Dogrose, with his heart as blythe at the birds in the bush around him, and overglad that he was able to sit up like a man, without holding on to the saddle like a monkey. He had proceeded about two miles on his journey when, on looking behind him, he descried a black-bearded horseman riding towards him at a smart trot. Appalling recollections of the hirsute ruffian who robbed the mail coach by which he had journeyed from Sydney instantly rushed into Abel's head, and produced confusion of the brain, at the same time his heart beat like the paddle in a patent churn, and his teeth rattled like a baby's toy. On taking a second hurried glance at the terrific stranger behind him, Abel felt assured that he was no less than a bushranger, for his beard, his boots, and his general tout entemble, viewed at that distance, corresponded exactly to the mail-robber aforesaid; so, in prepara- tion for a desperate effort to escape from sudden death and his murderous pursuer, Abel seized the pommel of the saddle again with one hand, jerked the reins smartly with the other, and shudderingly cried "come up Jessie." The little nettlesome mare tossed her head, and bounded into a hand gallop immediately, which pace Abel would have enjoyed very much if he had not had the fear of revolver balls behind his back; and if he had not some distressing doubts as to the possibility of his stopping Jessie, when he felt it necessary to do so; and some fears too, lest he should take a second involuntary somersault over the Dogrose slip-rails; and perhaps break his neck this time. Onward he galloped, at a pace which would soon have carried him to his destination had he continued it. The echoes of the horse's hoofs behind him, had died away in distance, and he was beginning to feel pleasingly re-assured that his life belonged to him; when, on reaching a little rise on the road, he beheld —half-a-mile away—another hairy- faced horseman, riding towards him at a quick canter. Instantly he felt impressed with the belief that he was beset, be- hind and before, by bushranging desperadoes, who were, of course, by preconcerted arrangement, intent upon picking his pockets, and perhaps would leave him lying wounded on the road, for native dingoes to pick his bones. His horror at this critical juncture cannot be adequately expressed in words, and ordinary figures must fail to convey an apt picture of his ghost-coloured phiz, and his quiver- ing little person. If the reader can fancy himself in a skiff, in Darling Harbour, on a stormy night, with two steamers bearing down upon him, full speed; or in the middle of Redfern tunnel, with two trains approach- ing in opposite directions; he may form a slight idea of Abel's trepidation, at feeling himself entrapped between two formidable bushrangers, which scourges of society he dreaded worse than black snakes. Though he would have gladly given his balance in the bank for an assurance that his body would be un- molested, or unmaimed, he was not unmindful of the balance in his pocket; so with surprising self-posses- sion, he stopped his horse for an instant, he thrust his purse into his left wellington boot; then seizing the saddle again with one hand, he shouted with startling energy "Get along, Jessie," and dashed off the road at right angles, into the bush, as fast as he could persuade Jessie-- by repeated requests—to get along over the rough ground, thickly strewn with fallen timber. Away rode Abel, like a wild Cossack or a tipsy stockman, shouting "Get along, Jessie," and lifting his bridle hand up and down as energetically as if he were working a little fire-engine. Nerved by fear, he held on his dangerous pace for nearly an hour be- fore he ventured to look straight behind him. He had often fancied, in the interim, that he felt the bushrangers' horses blowing into his neck, while momentarily he had expected to hear bullets whizzing past his ears, or, more objectionable still, to feel them in his backbone, or some other vital part of his body. At length Jessie, fairly winded, stopped at a water- hole to take a drink, when Abel mustered courage to turn round and face his danger like a man; but lo! though staring with all his utmost stretch of vision, he could not see the danger he had dreaded; though he beheld bush in abundance, he could see no bushrangers save himself and Jessie. He felt considerably relieved by the conviction that he had outridden his sanguinary pursuers; still he was by no means comfortable in his mind, when he reflected, that he was in a part of the bush quite strange to him; that night was fast approaching, and that his dinner was probably getting cold, while his friends were getting uneasy at his absence. He might possibly have retraced the course he had come, back to the main road, but he considered that would be running into danger, as his enemies might be waiting in ambush, like long-legged spiders watching for a fly; he had heard of bushrangers' tricks before he came to Sydney, and he did not intend to be caught if he could help it; so he resolved to start off in the direction of Dogrose Dell—without reference to beaten tracks—and let Jessie pick her own way, as she certainly had seen more of the bush than he had, and she would probably take him straight home; for he had read of the wonderful sagacity of horses. After jogging along for twenty minutes, however, with a slack rein, Abel began to feel strong doubts con- cerning the wisdom of Jessie, or of her geographical knowledge, for she took a very eccentric course, when left to her own discretion; indeed, the seemed selfishly influenced more by little green patches of fresh feed, than by any other land marks, or marks of any kind; and was evi- dently ignorant of, or else careless about, her rider's anxiety to get out of the wilderness as soon as pos- sible. Abel was annoyed at Jessie's indifference, or stupidity, and right willingly would he have marked his displeasure by a smart application of the whip to her sleek haunches, but be was afraid she would kick him off or run away with him, as Poleaxe had done; so he smothered his angry feelings, and politely requested her "to get along," while he tugged at the reins as severely as he dared; but his confidence in her taking him home was entirely gone. At length—as a forlorn hope—he resolved to climb a tree before it got dark, in expectation of seeing, from that elevated point of view, some distant object to assist his judgment as to his whereabouts, or some guiding star by which to steer out of the dreary labyrinth into which he had so impetuously galloped. Accordingly, he made Jessie's bridle fast to a sapling, and then began to ascend a tall forest oak, the summit of which looked above all the other trees around; but before he had climbed more than half way to the top of the tree, he was conscious that he had disturbed a hornet's nest; and was not long in decid- ing that he had better make haste down again, for dozens of those formidable yellow-tailed insects attacked him with the fury of soldier ants, or angry women, and frightened him as much as if he had been caught by all the thieves in the bush. Down came Abel, much faster than he went up, rasping his passage from his rough perch to terra firma, and roaring all the while like a young bison; while Jessie stood gazing into the tree, pricking her ears, and doubtless wondering what was the matter with her master. Down he came—(his head covered with hornets)—bursting his button-holes, tearing his clothes to tatters, and scraping his skin into crinkles, like carpenter's shavings. But what did he care for his clothes or his skin, now he was in danger of falling and breaking all his bones, or of being stung to death? Life was dearer to him than buckskin or doeskin, or his own skin either. In less time than it takes me to relate it, he had descended to the lowest limb of the tree, about seven feet from the ground; there he paused for an instant, just to knock a hornet off his nose, when the withered branch upon which he sat broke, and down came Abel to the ground like a shot parrot. Fortunately, he fell on a soft spot, and was unhurt, that is to say, he received no fracture from the fall. His abrupt descent, and his terrific yells made Jessie jump back in surprise and break her bridle; then off she trotted to a lagoon close by, kicking up the dust as she went, as if in derision of her late luckless rider. But Abel was not at leisure to re- mark her unfeeling exultations over his misfortunes, or to follow her just then, for he was hotly pressed by the whole swarm of hornets which lighted on him and stung him through his fractured garments, till he was almost frantic with pain. Valiantly, though wildly, he fought his spiteful enemies with his black beaver (his only weapon) till he had knocked them all to the ground, disabled, and had knocked his best hat all to shreds too. When the victory was quite decided, Abel sank down on to a grassy knoll, thoroughly exhausted with his violent saltatory ex- ercise, while trampling his foes into the dust, and there he sat and groaned over his miseries, a pitiable object indeed, with his head swollen as big as an iron-bark pumpkin, and his hands puffed up like legs of pickled pork. (To be concluded in the next chapter.) The FnlLosc-lrBEa and the Infidel —The following relic of the past will be read with Interest as illustrating the force of the great Franklin's philosophy. It waa out from a newspaper some forty years ago, bj a gentleman sow residing in Greenpoint, Long Islsna. He bta carefully preserved it for near half a century, and now, in offering It to the Press for a reprint, acknowledges that the providance which first brought the article under hiB eye, at a mast critical period in the formation of his own sentiments on tbe subject of religion, was the means of saving bim from the rock on whioh Thomas Paine made shipwreck. When Paine waa wriiing hia infernous attacks on the Cbrlatlan religion, he sub mitted a part of hia manusoript to Franklin for hia inspection and opinion The following is the answer of that great philosopher and patriot:— 11 DeaT Sir,— I have read four manusoript with some attention. By life argument it contains against a panlcular providence, tbongb you allow a general providence, you striko at the foundation of all religion. For without the belief of a provi dence that tatea eegpisance of guards and guides, and favours particular perrons, there is no motive to worship a deity, to fear its diapleasure, or to prey for its protection. I will not enter into any discnaelonofyourpiinciplea, though you seem to deeire it. At pr- Bi nt I shall only give you my opinion, that, though your reasonings are eubue, and may prevail with some readers, you will not succeed so as to change tbe geoeral sentiments of man kind on that subject, and the consequenoe of printing this piece will be a great deal of odiom drawn npoa yourself, mischief to you. and no benefit to others. He that spits against the wind spits in bis own face, But where you to aueceed, do you imagine any good will be done by it? You yourself may find it e&dy; to live a virtuous life without tbe Assistance afforded by religion; you have a clear perception of the advantages of virtue, and the dieadvsutagesof vice, and possess a strength of resolution suffi cient to enable you to resist common temptations. Bat think bow great a portion of mankind consists of weak and ignorant men and women, and of inexperienced, inconsiderate youth of both sexes, who have need of tbe motives of religion to restrain them from vice, to support their virtue, and retain tbem In the practice of it till it becomes habitual, wblcb is tbe great point for Its security. And perhaps you are indebted to hor origiually, that is, to your religious education, frr tbe habits of virtue upon which you now justly value yourself, You might easily display your eicellcat ultnt* of reai-oul og upon a less hazardous subject, and thereby obtain a rank with our moat diBtlngaishcd authors. For among us it is not necessary, as among tbe Uettentots, that a youth, to be rained Into the company of men, should prove hia manhood by beutiijg bis mother 1 would advlee you, therefore, not to aiiimpt unchaining the tiger, but to born thia piece before it Is bpi n by any otbrr person, whereby you will save yourself a great deal of mortification from the enemies it may raise against you, and perhaps t- good di al of regret and repent&noe.; lr men are so wicked uitAtfiifwn what wuuld they bu if without it t I Intend this letter iis-if aa s proof of my f.iendahip, and therefore add no prnfntiott io it ; but simply subscribe, yours, B. Fjunkmh.' Babit,— Persons who nsesnuff soendeaden the sensibility of etnell, so that a pinch is taken uncouoiously, and without any eenaaiiun being eseru-d thereby, 6haiii tbougathe stimulus ouy be.— After asetiis of years of winding up a watch at a ccrtain boor it becomes so mnch a routiM aa to be done in utter uncon sciousness; rueanwhilH ths njnduBd body are engaged is some thing entirely dllieri'i.'- — We are creatures of habit, and tho doing of dteagieeable things ii become more ploaaont than umiaBiouE ; showing to the young tie 1-nportance of forming habits in (wr y life, to the ei.d tbul they niay be oarried out without an effort, even although m tir-t it m.\ have required some aclf-denial, Borne considerable resolution lo have fallen into thein. A Carts Auos'Q rn* Dkap. — One of tbe oorreapondonta of the New York papers relates the following ineident of '.he battle of theSih of May ia the Virginian ?' WildcrneBB,' Far down the plank-road where Hancock fought, beyond the thickest rotrel dead, lay a boy severely wounded, perhaps not leas a soldier than he waa but a boy. He had fallen the day before^ when we wore farthest advanced, and had remained annaoleiteii within the rebel lines. They bad met removed him, and be waa alone with the dead when I rede up. The poor fellow waa crawling about, gathering violets. Faint with toes olhtood, nnablo to stand, he \- eonld sot vealst the tempting flowers, ana had already made '« beautiful bouquet. Having caused a stretcher to be sent for. I saw him ukea up tenderly tad boms away, wearing a ^ravc, ' swetit, touching am He, 