THE STOBY OF THE STONE. ryr* (from All the Year Hound, t CnArrEK 1. I Tub romuice of the railway )uS seldom furnished a Jnoreextraordinary narrative than that which I now compile from the nasty jottings of mv note-book, in June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eighi. I had made a random dash at a distant point by a certain cross. country railway, whose eccen tric sinuosities, surpassing my very worst anti cipations, nnaiiy deposited me oa a aesertea platform,— Something's Den,— then w.thdrawing into ail adjacent Bhed, gloomily expired. The en Sine departed to its rest in a grass-piowa siding, the river to his, in a cottage beyond human ken — ' aside of thtm rises '—pointing in the direction of ft mountainous country, apparently about five miles distant. . ., , No station-ma6ter was vitiblc. Howbeit, an elderly hermit in the costume of a porter of the Victorian patiently espl&iced; to me the fact that, having overpoised my proper 'junction,' I bad before me a residence at he Den of four hours thirty. two minutes. * What to do? The landscape was unattractive; be sides it drizzled, mizzled — what is the damp expres sion that signiiies a subtance equi-distant between nothing and rain? Books I had none, nor even a penknife, wherewith to improve the time and trees. . There was, it is true, on the -wall of the station itself, a small but choice collection of high art. Thence T. learned how that Sampson llarkwise Pecklebody (addreBB in full), having, one fatal mom (speciGed), permitted himself to occupy a certain class of car riage not usually aespciated with the description of ticket he had previously taken, wae mulcted by indignant justices (set forth) in the unmitigated penalty of Thirty Shillings and costs — the permanent proclamation of which little incident, on the wall, must have imparted a peculiar interest to Mr. Peckle body's subsequent journeyings by that line. The Bed sent by Post— not only sent, but actually prepaid— perpetual enigma to the untravelled mind — presented its graceful form. Leisure there was to ponder why Messrs. Kornyman should alone dispense the pure article. Whether those gentlemen found it a commercial success, or whether a proud sense of moral rectitude was their sole reward. Ha! Frith? No. It is but a bold episode of London life, by a hand unknown, importing pictorially that Messrs. Bobbi and Tbirkettle have engaged two-thirds of the western aide of Regent-street for the display of their unrivalled assortment of cummer stuffo. A royal equipage has jutt rolled heavily irom the door, surcharged with purchases. The Lord Mayor, dissatisfied with eastern establishments, cornea prancing up, attended (as usual, on shopping expeditions) by his faithful sheriffs, and other civic functionaries, among whom 1 think I faintly recognise the toastm&ater.; Three p Steers of her Majesty's Life Guards, in complete cuirass, about to enter in quest of their summer stuffs, make way for a right reverend dignitary, his wife, and a procession of j round the comer. 'As the literature of Something's Den is quite capable of being exhausted before train-time, allow me to contribute to it,' said a pleasant voice beside me. The speaker, a man about sixty, perfectly gentle maslike ia appearance and address, had stepped out from the booking-office, and was offering me a hand ful of papers. 'Two poor fellows marooned on this inhos pitable shore,' he continued, laughing, 'need not stand on any ceremony, I think. It will be a good three hours before succour reaches us.' We gradually slid into conversation, pacing up and down tbe sheltered portion of the platform. The stranger talked easily and agreeably. I had seldom met with an Englishmaman who overcame, with such unobtrusive facility, the reserve of first acquaintance. ?An hour Sew past, and, before its expiration, we had become as old and intimate friends. The weather had by tbis time cleared a little, and there had become visible the grey top of an old man sion, with one tower, half smothered in fine woodland, covering a slope some two miles off. ' 'Whose residence is thst yonder r' inquired my companion of the hermit porter, who, seated on a re tired bench, was dropping a sharp-pointed knife, with singularly inaccurate aim, at a disabled humble-bee, squatted on the soft boards. Having, at the moment, nearly got the range of his victim, the hermit did not deem it expedient to suspend his fire, but simply replied that he didn't justly know. ' 'Twarn't nobody's. There was — summot wrong. Ghosts 'fested it— leastways, them top rooms— Gardener's wife— below. (The bee, suddenly impressed with, a vague presentiment of danger, gave a convulsive shudder, and drew up one leg.) Never heerd the rights on it. Howsever, nobody can't — live— (bee dissevered longitudinally, presenting the remarkable appearance of two half bees in animated conversation) — live there, they can't.' '1 was curious,' observed the stranger, as we turned away, ' to hear what he would Bay. That place is Mournivale, the scene of one of the mdst extraordinary series of incidents that ever found place in England's domestic annals. If you wish it, seeing that we have abundant time, I will give you the sub stance of tbe history.' Chapter II. Thirty years ago (resumed my friend), I commenced my professional career of medicine, with the ridiculous blunder of purchasing what is popularly called the ' good will ' of this district. I could have had it on precisely the same terms on which my predecessor had created it. My neighbours -were benevolence itself, and — short of being at any time, within my recollec tion, in the least indisposed— did everything in their power to make me comfortable and happy. There was excellent trout fishing, of which certain indus trious otters, and myself, seemed sole proprietors ; and between us the best feeling always prevailed, they sparing my favourite pools, and I delicately avoiding the immediate neighbourhood of their dwel lings; while my practice, which comprised two healthy faims, a robust toll-house, and the beer-shop, left ample leisure for my favourite . sport, besides watching my busier neighbours. Do not imagine that the parties I have referred to represented the entire population of the district. Somewhere among the trees lurk two little villages, one, in right of its superior size, known as Great Cevey, the other, availing itself of the fact of its dozen dwellings being disposed in two ranks, calling itself Covey-le-Street. The spirit of rivalship between these two. powerful communities was breaking out in various ways, and so bitter -was the jealousy, that, at one period, scarcely any intercourse was permitted between them : a state of things the more to be re- ' gretted, since (a curious fact) the society of the greater 1 Covey wascomposedalmostentirelyof bachelors, while that of Covey-le-Btreet embraced exclusively ladies yet unBummoned bom the awaiting ranks oi spinsterhood, 'With this little ton-community I had no profes sional concern. The whole was presided over by one ef tbe bachelor brethren, who, tolerated as s necessary evil, went and came between the two camps, a just object of jealousy and suspicion to both. Charley . Tincture was by nature a merry pleasant little fellow, and, being only fifty-seven, -was looked upon by the elder brethren of Great Covey as little more than a hoy. Nevertheless, it was now thirty-fire years since Charley had been jilted, and had cast from his soul every thought of matrimony. Many a pleasant even ing have I passed in Charley's society, at his snug lodging over the post-office (he was rich enough to have had a good house to himself, but preferred that celibate flavour which attaches to lodgings), and to this circumstance I owe the power of making you ac quainted with the story of Mournivale. The vast old mansion, after being for some time un tenanted, had, just before my arrival, passed into the absolute possession of Sir George Corsellis. This fentleman had held a high military post iu India, and ad brought home a reputation the reverse of pre possessing. He was represented as a stern proud individual, gloomy and unsocial in disposition, a tyrant in his profession, a tyrant in his home. He had (said rumour, coming down like a bl lck mist before him) resigned his command, in the hope of averting a i threatened inquiry into some undue exercise of authority— something, it was even whispered, scarcely distinguishable from what men call murder — and he had come hither, with his lady, intending* if un molested, to pass the remainder of his days among the deep woods of Mournivale. The very first proceedings of the new proprietor were singular enough to provoke comment. He ha^ fixed midnight for his arrival at the mansion with his family ; directing the land-steward, Harper, who had managed the property for some years, and whom he had retained in office, to be in attendance at that hour, and alone. Precisely at twelve, a hollow rumble of wheels came up from the grass-grown avenue, and Harper, throwing open the tall iron gates which gave imme diate approach to the house, admitted a procession, consisting of three gleomy old coaches and a black van. from the first of these vehicles, alighted three dark figures, ao closely muffled that it was only by p comparison of height that the steward understood them to represent his mtttm (whom, indeefl, hth»»d already ?ten) Md two iemaltsjon cf a attfow aUnoat dlaktt- 1 live. Both, on entering the house, retired instantly to a suite of apartments upon which a regiment of painters and decorators had been employed for atleast a month. ''lie other carriages wete .fiUed domestics, English and foreign, who immediately, without exchanging a word, set to work iR their different departments as if they had lived at Mournivale all their previous lives. So quaint and Biti|j .l'a.r was the whole proceeding, that the simple-m^ded steward felt as if he were moving about, in tliemiebf of a band of beingB of a different nature — whose supernatural gifts placed them alike beyond his help and control. They made civil gestures, and seemed to regard him with consideration enough ; bat none of tbem, none' even of the English, spoke directly to him. And the language that did reach his ear had a curious rolling accent, such as he had never heard. Determined to break the spell, Harper singled r.ut a member of the mysterious company who appeared to discharge the office of cook, and who, being fattish, night prove good tempered. Accosting her as she glided by, he civilly inquired by what name he should address her. ' Morgan le Fay,' replied the woman, sharply, bating her glistening teeth in a sort of snarl. ' Worgcn Liffey !' thought Harper. 'Irish, eh!' Feeling, or fancying, that his presence wbb not ac ceptable to the new comers, the excellent steward, who at present cccupied one of the keepers' lodges, took a hasty leave, and withdrew. ' Hot dinners at half-past one in the morning ! ' thought Mr. Harper, as he tumbled into bed ; ' I wonder st what time they sup 1 ' Chapter III. The external doings of the new proprietor were equally remarkable. It had been decided in the neighbourhood that one of his first acts of ownership wculd be to thin the overgrown woods, wherein were thousands of noble specimens of oak, beech, elm, and fir— nay, even the fragrant cedar — positively pining for the axe. An enterprising timber merchant bad prepared a ten der, and only waited for what he considered a decent interval before presenting it. Sir George, however, did nothing of tbe kind. Contrariwise on the only open ground near the mansion— a small green knoll— he immediately planted a handsome cluster of quick growing shrubs and trees. In a word, lonely as the place already was, Corsellis encircled the entire park with a new and strong pali sade. Around the gardenB he raised a lofty wall. He purchased, at a great expense, a certain alleged right of way, which, as the public never used it, was disputed by their representatives with tenfold ob stinacy. He ditcouraged any advances on the part of his country neighbours, and rarely set foot beyond his own domain. ' Mad 1' pronounced Sir Hugh Quickset, a neigh bouring squire. Sir George, who was in the commission, attended the ntxt bench of magistrates. Tbe lunatic took tbe iead in alt the proceedings, decided a matter which involved great legal difficulty, snuffed out the pert clerk who had hitherto guided the decisions of the Bench, and, with cool superior nods, took hts leave, not to appear again. But Sir Hugh Quickset was silenced. ' Under a cloud,' affirmed old Purkiss, of Great Covey : a retired solicitor, whose mental habit in clined to the suspicious. (If report were to be trusted, none had enjoyed better opportunities of ' judging what might be the aspect of a gentleman under tbe aforesaid atmospherical pressure than Mr. Futkiss himself !) But a royal duke who was stay ing in the county, rode across fifteen miles to visit Mournivale, stayed half the day, and walked through Covey-lc -street arm in arm with his host, in earnest conversation — Mr. Purkiss was bowled out. Intense became the curiosity excited by the manifest desire of Sir George to conceal the course of his do mestic life from every eye. The powers of conjecture were exhausted in imagining theories of explanation for the complete seclusion in which tbe family, the two ladies especially, were understood to live. In respect to this, the steward, Harper, was as pro foundly ignorant as everybody else. Not only had he never seen his lady's face or heard her voice, but no intelligible allusion to her among the servants had ever reached his ear. He knew, however, that a Creole maid, called Eisa, was her principal attendant, and that she did occasionally give audience to Morgan le Fay. 'My lady calls,' the latter would say, with a start; sometimes amid the clatter of the kitchen-; sometimes when not a sound but the ticking of the clock broke the dead hush. And away she would hasten. Harper observed that none ef the domestics ever went abroad, except on Sundays, when such as were English attended the little church, and, service over, marched back again, being readmitted by the huge Dutch porter, Hans Troek, who never quitted his post by night or day, and the monotony of whose presence inspired Harper with such an insane desire to kick him, that, but for his native slowness of apprehension, Heir Troek must have read it in his face twenty times a day. Harper bad to pass him so often, for on Aim devolved almost all the communication that was held with the outer world. In the forenoon the steward transacted with his master any business relating to the estate. After that, he executed commissions for Morgan le fay. At nine in tbe evening Harper found that he was expected to take his leave; and what went on after that, in the mysterious household, was a strange and gloomy secret. ClIArTER IV. ' But about Lady Corsellis,' was the perpetual question of the spinsterhood of Covey-le-street, 'who, and what can she be r' And Covey the Great replied (through Mr. Tincture) that they would run any reasonable risk (except matrimony) to learn. For months the neighbourhood was in a state of agreeable horror, for where mystery is there will be terror, and it got to he believed that Lady Corsellis, of Mournivale, was not a spectacle for human eyes to see, I can hardly explain through what fluctuations the general faith settled down (but so it did) into a con viction that, though elsewise fair of face, the un happy lady had the snout of a pig ! At all events this belief triumphed. The district was rich in mast end acorns. In consideration of his con sort, Sir George had' suffered his beech and oak to stand ! There were still, it is true, dissentients to the por cine theory. At the /oily Bachelor, in Great Covey, conducted by Mr. Brutus Bulflnch, the pig's face was opposed by a still more terrible surmise. It is doubt ful whether tbe host would have admitted anybody into his parlour, or the barmaid (an elderly female, unmarried) executed her office with any degree of alacrity on behalf of one, who did not faithfully be lieve that it was either a pig's head or the devil : with a strong bias towards the latter opinion. No wonder ; for the very nephew of the host had had a glimpse of the phenomenon. Coming home late from a distant market, Jack Bulfinch took it into his head to shorten the road, by cutting across the grounds of Mournivale. This was before the erection of the new wall. He had easily Bcaled the then-existing defences, had passed the mansion, and was about to dive into the plantation, when the great front door swung suddenly open, end out it came, walking tamely beside Sir George himself. Jack, by his own account, had barely time to notice that my Lady Cor sellis bad immense eyes, like lurid lanterns, which glowed even through a thick protrusive sort ef cover ing that veiled her head and face ; likewise, a tallof such prodigious length, that Sir George, with much seeming politeness, carried s portion of it acioss his arm. This tail went near to dis credit Jack's, but for the confirmation tbe whole story received fitom the deposition (made rather with, than upon, o&tli;) of Cephas Pudgebrook, the second gardener, who rolled the terrace on the following day, and observed that it bore distinct traces of a goat or pig, ' dibbled regular all along.' Mr. Pudgebrook was not a little horrified to leam that he had been actually engaged for two hours (all the while whistling careleBS secular tunes) in smooth ing out the footprints of tbe enemy of mankind ! Curiosity was at its utmost stretch, when an orde1 was one day received by Timothy Beatle, the purblind clerk, to have new hassocks placed in the Mournivale pew. HassockBl ? They were, then, unquestionably coming to church next Sunday. At all events, Sir George and— and tbe other — would come. The Reverend Benedict Loanbam, of Great Covey, prepared his best discourse. The number of those who attended their religious duties on that day, transcended tbe recollection of the oldest inbabitaut* Tbe congregation were already seated, when the Lord of Mournivale, accompanied by two veiled ladies, en tered by a private chancel, the party taking their seats in full view of the assembly. General Sir George Contdlis was at this time a man past middle age, of colossal build, massive head, broad nose snd eyebrows so redundant as almost to emulate little' beards. The prevailing expression of this far from attractive faiee, was stsm even to ferocity ; but thst it was capable of much softening was apparent even to purblind Timothy Beatle— who, throughout the . responses ¥e«MinaQ]r to . :fii r0wrgj'e, adjured him in 'a itentonan yoiceto join in the performance of the psalmody, and having, in effect, bestowed upon the astonished gentleman his undivided attention, was, finally, in a position to aver, that, whenever he (CorselliB) glanced at one of the veiled creatures at his side, hiB facc changed 'from a devil's to an angel's.' The eervice drew to a conclusion without the veils being for en instant removed. It must be acknow ledged that good Mr. Loanbam (whose discourse had been directed against the indulgence of idle curi osity, and prying into mysteries out of our path} did jje very best to advance the secret wishes of his flock i prolonging hie addreEs, by the aid of im promptu interpolations, to an extent which, under any eth« tlreurwtanccB, would have been considered inordinate. It was all in vain. Even every sermon must have an end — so had Mr. Loanham's — and, with a reluctant blesting, the congregation dispersed. When a reason able time had been allowed for all undesigning persons to withdraw, the Mournivale party quitted their pew ; she, who wbb presumed to be Lady Corsellis, leaning upon her husband's stalwart arm; the dwarf-like figure of their companion bringing up the rear. Everv pretext for lingering about the little churchyard had by this time been exhausted. One individual, alone, stood rooted to the spot— Miss Tiffany. This lady re mained. ub it were, under a vow, Miss Tiffany represr ntei the strong-minded ele ment in the circle bf Covey-le-Street. To her, appeal was wont to be made in all such cases as, under _ ordinary social circumstances, would have necessitated the interposition of the masculine mind ; and, hitherto, Miss Tiffany had been true to her posi tion and hetBelf. It waB alleged of her, and by her, that, in no purpose on which she had really set her heart, had she ever been baffled. In a perhaps un guarded moment, she had pledged herself to see and to speak with one or both of the mysterious ladies of Mournivale. She was here to redeem that pledge. Sending away her maid, Marian, to a little dis- j tance, Bbe herself took up a position half way between the church and the comer of an avenue of elms which formed a by- path to Mournivale. Ab the three figures moved past, she touched the dress of her who walked alone. ' A thousand pardons,' said Miss Tiffany. 'May 1 may be allowed tosp ? ? ' The stranger made a sort of impatient bow, and costinued her way. Miss Tiffany, somewhat piqued by this reception, returned to the charge. ' Again, I ask you pardon,' she said. ' I assure you, I am not a beggar. I wish merely to inquire what is Ledy Corsellis's pleasure concerning thepro poied new such ? ? ' The stranger put her hand upon her arm, as if to impose silence, but, with the other, pointed forward in such a manner as to invite Miss Tiffany to accompany her. Tbus, maid Marian, watching in the distance, saw the four disappear into the avenue. Another minute, and her mistresB was seen return ing ; but with a step bo strange and uncertain, and a demeanour altogether so unusual, tbat Marian started off hastily to meet her. To Marian's alarm and sur nrrisfs. Tiffanpv tnnV not. t.Yip RlioVitPRt nntin.p nf her ; but reeled on, as it were, in the direction of home, her eyes fixed and staring, her face pale as ashes, her hands working wildly, as though in desperate endea vour to keep off some invisible assailant. ' Horror, horror ! ' was the only reply her terrified attendant could obtain, in answer to her repeated in quiries. Arrived at home. Miss Tiffany went straight to her chamber, and, locking the door, remained in strict seclusion until the evening. Then she rang for Marian, and gave her certain directions for the morrow, which raised tbat young lady's surprise and conster nation to their climax. On the following day, there appeared a notice in the front garden, describing that desirable cottage residence as to he let, furnished or unfurnished, for an indefinite period, with instant possession. To the numerous inquirers, answer was returned that Miss Tiffany had been summoned to the sick-bed of a relative, who, though near in blood, was some what distant in body, being, in fact, resident in Australasia. Consequently, Miss Tiffany must not be expected back immediately. Miss Tiffany nad, in real deed, departed that morn ing, and all the explanation afforded of this sudden resolution, was contained in the following note, ad dressed to an intimate friend : — 'Good-by, Sophy dear. Love to all friends. Shun Mournivale. Beware of curiosity. Seek te know no more. ' Your unhappy friend, ' Theresa..' I will not dwell upon the hubbub created by this event in the community of either Covey. My busi ness is with facts, and the next fact in my recollection (putting aside innumerable unsubstantiated rumours concerning the doings of the family at Mournivale), is a visit paid one evening by the steward Harper to my friend Charley Tincture. Harper, who was naturally a hearty fellow, with a frank open, manner of speech, bow looked anxious and careworn, and spoke in a hesitating perplexed way which Charley could not understand. He apologised for calling at that late hour— half- paat nine — on.' the ground that he did not wish his visit known, and, presently untying a blue handkerchief which he carried in his hand, placed upon the table something that had very much the appearance ol half a cold apple.tart. ' I wish you, Sir,' he Baid, ' to be kind enough to examine this, and tell me if 'tis good for a Christian's dinner. If 'tis, why there's an end ; if not, why then I've got something more to say.' Tincture made him sit down, and retired to his surgery, sending, in pursuance of an idea that occurred to him, for myself, who happened to be passing the evening in his neighbourhood. Together, we care fully analysed the viand, and applying the usual tests, detected the presence of a certain vegetable poison, in sufficient quantity to destroy a dozen human lives. On heating this result, Harper turned so white and sick, that Charley had to administer a glass of brandy, after which tbe worthy steward commenced his tale, with the startling information that the pastry we had had under our consideration, together with numerous other delicacies, similarly seasoned, formed the daily bill of fare at Mournivale. For a long time pBSt — in fact, ever since the arrival oi the family — the steward's attention had been from time to time attracted by a remarkable proceeding on tbe part of Morgan le Fay. Every dish, whether pre pared by her own handB or those of sissiBtants, re ceived a slight addition, sometimes in a liquid, some times pulveiine form, the materials being obtained from-a sort of cabinet built into the wall, and secured with a small but massive metal door, of whiih Morgan le Fay always kept the key. This ceremony, though not absolutely performed by stealth, always seemed to be invested with a certain degree of mystery. It was etiquette to notice it as little as possible; but Harper could not help observing that every dish, after undergoing this singular preparation, was regarded with respect and tenderness almost reverential, was handled with the extremest caution, and, when re turned disabled from the dinner-table, woe consigned by the high priestess, Morgan le Fay, to a receptacle expressly constructed for the purpose, from whence it never 'again emerged. Perpetually haunted by this mystery. Harper at length conceived an irresistible desire to convince himself, by actual experiment, that a strange and hor rible fancy, tbat would sometimes intrude itself into his mind, was erroneous and absurd. One day, by great good fortune, an opportunity occurred of se curing a portion of apple-tart that had been almost half consumed in the parlour. Mr. Harper, possess ing himself ot an unfortunate dog whose condition of skin rendered his abrupt decease a matter of congratulation both to himself and mankind, presented him with a email portion of the pie, on receipt of which the unfortunate animal uttered one broken howl, stretched himBelf. out, and expired. Under the circumstances, Mr. Harper at once secured the remainder of the tart in his handkerchief, and hastened to submit it to medical scrutiny. The case was curious, and difficult. In spite of the unccmmon dietary, it was certain that nothing had happentd at Mournivale to warrant legal interference. No ennctment restricts the indulgence in arsenic, or belladonna, so long aB they suit the constitution. It was ultimately agreed to keep the matter quier. Har per undertaking to report to us any new incident of an unusual nature that might come under his observa tion. (To be concluded in our next.) A new Postage Stamp. — A new style of postage, stamp has been patented in New York, the inventor of which claims that it cannot be fraudulently used twice, Thebodv of the stamp is made of gold-beater's skin (in stead of paper,) which is tough and so nearly trans parent, that the printed impression upon it showB al most as well on one side as on the other. The design, tbe legend, numerals, &c;, are intended to be read through from beneath, and are therefore printed^ in re verse. The ink is also of a peculiar description. 'When this stamp is wet, and glued on the letter, it remains permanent and unot-9Pg^d, until some person attempts to peel it off. He'jhfn finds that the printed natter remains attached to the letter, while the gold beater's ifcin cornea off quite colourless, ana having «earpely a traceof' postage' aboutlt. 