THE NEW CHURCH AT ARARAT. The new Catholic Church at Ararat was in augurated on Sunday Feb. 7, by his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, assisted by the Venerable the Archdeacon of Ballaarat, and the Rev. Thomas Barrett. The ceremony is thus described by the Ararat Advertiser :«— The church was crowded in every part, when -—«. *d«-w JJ..OW vnuy bUU glttUU 111 LUiltt 11 UU9 Ul Mozart's 'Twelfth Mass' vibrated through the sacred edifice. The voices of the choristers sounded admirably, and when the magnificent 'Gloria in Excelsis'' arose, the effect was very pleasing. The tones of the harmonium filled the place with its organ notes in the ' Agnus Dei,' and the whole mass throughout was cre ditably rendered by the choir. Mass being concluded, the Arch -Deacon preached from that part of St. Luke, in which Our Saviour desired Peter to cast his nets, and from whence the apostle drew forth a multitude of fishes. The preacher remarked, that of the two ships belonging to the fishermen which were there, the divine master ehose that one occupied by Peter. The preference was not tr.ade at haphazard, but was made deliberately, and it has therefore been distinctly brought undei our own observation by the diviue writer, that the barque of Peter, was the barque chosen. The master proceeded to the barque of Peter, and from that barque down through centuries, has his voice proceeded. The learned preacher alluded to so-, e of St. Jerome's writings, anc pr ceeded to draw a comparison from the com in and given by our Saviour to Peter. The divine master gives him and the other apostles to understand, that as they launch their nets into the deep sea, so must they launch them iu'o the deep sea of this world. Not into the small towns like the shallow waters of tht . shore, but also into the principal cities. Thi lesson has literally been carried into execution From the citiss into the country the word bas al ways spread, and not from the country inti. the town. Wherever science flourished most— wherever talent was to be fe.uU— where learn ing was to to met with, there also were the Apostles. Incredulity has not blushed to assert that religion in its earlier days was' re ceived only by the dregs of the population, and was unregarded by those of mind and enlight ment. It has not plea'ei the Holy Ghost to tellus what manner of men they were in edu cation who first received Christianity, but what we do know sho^s us hit the learned of those days were numbered among its converts. The Archdeacon concluded an eloquent and impres sive discourse by referring to the new building, aud the claims which, their pastor had on them towards joining in an effort towards the liquida tion of the remaining debt still due. His Lordship next performed the ceremony of confirmation on a number of children. Before the service came to a conclusion, his Lordship congratulated the congregation on the generous effort they had made to baild that ' beautiful temple,' and as God never overlooks anything that is done for his honour and glory, so will he not overlook the effort of this people and their pastor. The Rev. prelate hoped that the people would gain a reward, not only in a future life but also in the present. And to those brethren separated from the church, who had assisted in the noble work, he was convinced that the good done by them would not be forgotten by the Most High. 