COUNTRY INTELLIGENCE. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF A PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL AT BRDACKNELL. (From a Correspondent.) The inhabitants of Bracknell and the sur rounding neighbllorhood have been till lately destitute of all religious services. Three months ago the place was visited by the Rev. W. H. Walton, in company with Mr. J. Wool noogh, of Bishopsbourne. Mr. Walton visited the families, and seeing the great numbers of young people, and the state of spiritual desti. tution which prevailed in the neighborhood, at once offered,with the assistance of Messrs. N. Brothers and J. H. Emery, lay preachers of Longford station, to supply them with ser. vices; for purpose of which AMr. W. Page very kindly offered the use of his barn. But know. ing that at harvest time this builing would be required for farm purposes, immediate steps were taken for the erection of a neat and com modious place of worship, the foundation stone of which was laid on Friday, the 14th of Octobher. The service was commenced by a hymn being sung, and prayer oflbred by the Rov. I H'. Walton.. Mrs. Walton then came forward, and proceeded in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost to lay the stone, quoting the 7th verse of the 122nd psalm "Peace be within thy walls, and prosperity within thy palaces." . W. Mason, Esq., of Longford,. on addressing the assembly, said it gave him great pleasure in meeting. the present company. His position in being pre. sent at the laying of.,the foundation stone of a Primitivo Methodist Chapel was very pleas ing, and different to the one he occupied in that locality about 35 years ago, when he, uin company with Mr. T~Field was taken by the bushrang~rs Brady andparty, Mr. M. said it was a characteristic of Primitive Methodism to visit and mission, the most neglected.dis trioti, and seek to gather in the outcasts. He did not know of a district more in need of a place of worship; and'he prayed that the bless ing.of the Almighty might rest on the under taking. An appropriato, address was then delivered by'Mr.Walton. He stated the costofthebhapel, &o.a; would be about .120, and would be ready for opening on Christmas Day, and that a publio tea meeting would be held on :the:26th December. Free-will offerings were then laid.upon the stone-Mr. Mason'giving £5, and" Mr. Merry. £1;i: others followed with smaller sums. After which the interesting service was eon eluded. 