TEE TERCENTENARY OP WILLIAM ' SHAKSPERE. To-day'being the three hundredth anniversary of tho birth of the groat master mind of ali tho ages since tho world waa formed out of Chaos, by tho hand of tho Om- nipotent, we aro anxious to add our humblo, though fer-, vent .tribute, to tho number that will tins day be oüeredj '. at bb shrino, in all parts of the world, where are to bo Xound thoso "-7- who speak tho tonguo That SUAXSPKIIU spuke ; the faith and morals hold *v> That MILTON held" The sublimities j>t SHAKSFHIIE aro diffused through' . evory corner ol'the British Dominions ; tho light of his matchless genius brightons tho gorgeous palace, and sheds a genial glow over tho heart and hearth of the poor cottager j tho lisping accent of childhood utters his . words, and high, low, rich, and poor are alike drawn by au irresistible spell to give grateful homage to the power of his mighty mind, While the greatest understandings' become prostrate at tho shrino of his master intellect ; and here in tho far off land of Australia, where in his day the tonguo in which ho wrote was wholly unknown ; thousands on thousands vonei-uto and worship the Im- mortal Bard, who inculcated in his imperishable mt la- bors tho noblo,'the sublimo, tho beautiful, tho true, und the just, and taught us to bo kind and tolerant to tho errors of our fellow beings, and to compassionate their very vices. " In Shakspero's pluys wo huvo no mond monstors-no mild and generous murderers ; wc seo men as they teere-human nature ns it in." To uso his own, expression, "Virtuo û shown her own feature- scorn her own imago-and tho vory ago and body of tho timé Iiis form and pressure," Iiis aphorisms huvu passed into 'proverbs, " familiar in our mouths as household words," and books of no inconsiderable size have bcon mado out of tho moro gems of thought and expression which spurklo in tho rich gold sotting of his collective works. Clear and intelligible uvon to tho understanding of a child-wondrous and fascinating to the youthful imagination-he is still tho friend and fellow traveller of tho full-grown man, the confidant of his most private thoughts, and when the prime'of Ufo is past, tho pout is . still his faithful companion. A short sketch of his life may not bo deemed super- fluous here :-Born at Stratford-upon-Avon in a humble rank of lifo, on tho 23rd April, 1501. WILLIAM SIIAKS . I'EUE was early called to London by his relative Ko bert Greerio,' and induced to bocomo' a player, though what sort of characters ho performed does not appear. Mr . Bowo says, howovcr, that lid could never meet with any further account of him ns au actor oxcopt that his . : highest part was tho Ghost in his own Hamlet. Ho nppcars about 1501 to huvo bogun tb compose plays willi, hardly any nobler or ¡nore exteilsivo uso than tho re- quirements of, tho dramatic "company to which ho be- longed. Quoen Elizabeth hud many of these acted beforo her, and gavo him many marks of her favour. Having becoino proprietor and mnuugor bf tho "Globe 'jL'hcutro, ho realized a handsome fortuno, which enabled him to spend tho close of his lifo in his native town, . whore ho purchased a houso and estate-this was about "1614-and,two yenrs afterwards, on 23rd April, 1C16, and his fifty-second birthday, ho died, and was buried in Stratford Church. Littlo moro,, but vaguo traditions, and unauthenticated anocdotcs aro known of this truly grout man, whose modesty was as great as his genius. Though his writings woro popular.on tho Btogo, ho seems to havo been hardly cousiaored in his own ago as a poet of any eminence, illustrating tho truth of tho adage that np mun is a pro- phet in his own country or. times ; und it was not until . a century and u half after his death that his transcendent merits wore fully appreciated. But his fume is now un- dying, and wore books to porish, and letters bu destroyed or forgotten, somo, fragments of tho knowledge with which ho teems-some consecutive words of his exquisito diction--somo dim embodiment of tho characters with which ho has peopled tho earth, would start up in remote places'mid boar witness to his immortality-but this is it consummation nover to happen. Shuksporo, through tho invention oí printing, is co-ovnl with tho universo in which " wo livo and movo, and havo our boing," and ages yet unborn shall pay their tributo of lovo and ad- miration for his stupendous gonius, and justify tho as- sertion that , " He was not for an ago, but for ALL TISIE !" All honour then to WILLIAM SRAKSPUUE ! and may his imperishable aphorisms livo in tho hearts and minds of all mankind ; for human nature must bo improved, refined, and elovatcd by a closo acquaintance with. tho Sublime Poet, who "Finds tongues in trees, books in tho running brooks, Sermons in stones, and good in everything !" 