TENNYSON'S " NORTHERN FARMER." (Dr J. M. LUDLOW In MACMILLAN'S MAGAZINE ) ' At the Academy dinner in the spring, the Archbishop of Canterbury had the candour and the good nature to single out the " little lady in Mr. Millais's Second Sermon, as preach- ing wholesome truth to himself and his clerical, brethren, But what a sermon, what a lesson, to priests and people" is contained in Mr. Tennyson's Northern Farmer. Though the author is considerate enough to note himself that his personage is one of the "old style," who con doubt that substantially he has embodied for us, in thought and feeling, a types, and an ennobled one-of full four-fifths of the present agricultural population of England, below the so-called' gentleman farmer?" That type, no doubt, is passing by, so that one can but rejoice that it has now been cast in perennial verse, but it will be years, decades, perhaps more than a century, before its last lineaments have dissolved away. Till now, at any rate, it has its representatives in every county, probably in every rural parish. Look on it, and you will see what Christianity, civilization, and Protestantism. combined have done for the English agriculturist, up to well into the nineteenth century after Christ, the fourth from Gutenberg, from Luther. A creature whose last thought on his death-bed Is of his ale of which he has had his pint every night, his quart every market night ; whose last feeling towards God is one of rebellion against Him for taking away the wrong man, and at the wrong time ; whose only notion of the clergyman is that of a man who reads one perfectly incomprehensible sermon a week, and comes to visit the sick when he wants his title from them ; whose only idea of his rights as a freeborn Englishman is that of '. vating wi' squire an' Choorch an' State," and never voting down church-rates ; whose highest view of morality consists in maintaining his bastards ; a believer in " boggle?," i". &, ghosts a disbeliever in the steam-engine a many-acted flunkey, content to find his Supreme honour in the smiles of "quality" as they see him passing by " muddled " only by the thought of whom his absent square after his death will choose to toss to, as a one to one among a host of hungry care, that land on which he has spent his life ! Such is one whole side of the picture ; but look now on the other. What makings of a man may you not find in this grovelling clock The words CRIme my valise I told that, an' gin I mun doy I mun day," are not the last hiccough of the drunkard, the wild despairing shriek of the Bensualist. The man is no drunkard ; he has known all his life when to drink his pint and his quart. He is looking death steadfastly in the face, like any old Viking, disdaining to turn out of his way for the sake of the King of Terrors : " Give me my alike, for I Want again to break my rule." He is no more afraid of death than he is of "brggles," however firmly he may believes the latter. The " boggle " in Thornaby waste he has heard it often,-"abootand aboot." Yet he was not to be hindered by a " boggle " from doing his life's work of breaking up the waste. He has thrust it out of his way like a rock or a stone : " But I stubbed un oop withe lot, an' leaves! an sembled un out." He believes in God. though he may not tremble before him like a devil. He knows He is " Godamoighty." He rebels against His wisdom in not rather taking away Jones, who "want a' smooth 'o' sense;" or Robins, who never mended a fence." His idea of God has clearly not risen above that of a great Might above-board, Inflexible, is Ecrutable, unreasonable seemingly. Yet that Might is not envious, malignant, spiteful not a devil under another name, like that of too many a profusely pious Christian ; it Is Some One who will bear being spoken to will bear no grudge to those even who grumble when He calls. He has learned little from persons or from other teachers, and, therefore, thinks he has but little to learn. He has had but few thoughts to fill up his rugged old life. And yet two grand thoughts-rooted so deep that they seem mere instincts of spontaneous growth-have spread all through it, the two thoughts which, more than any others, make the hero-duty and work. He has paid tithe to the person on his death-bed, because it was his duty. He has maintained a child which was fathered on him, because it was his duty, though the mother " was a bad un," Efe has done his duty by the squire in voting for him, managing for him " come Michaelmas thirty year,' the' Squire's in Lunnon," and he is here. He has done his duty, he thinks, to all. Nay, doing his duty himself, he gives other men, on the whole credit for doing their.!, When " parson" was booming away over his head those incomprehensible sermons, he still " shows a 'ad summat to say," nay, *' thowt a said whot a owt to he' said." He believes that " squire" will not give the land after him to senseless Jones or thoughtless - Robins. He believes that "qaolity"dojus. tice to his own worth. 2s Only other men's duties seem to him thin and slight compared with his. The parson. " reads worth warming a weak" he had " stubble Thornaby waste." For, above all he has done his duty by the land. That duty is for him the measure of all the others : " I done my duty by us as I had' done by the loud " There lies his pride, his treasure, his heart If he finds fault with " Godamoighty," It is simply that, in calling him away, instead of Jones or Robins, He does not show sufficient appreciation of good farm work. I boiled worn as saws 'are a bain an yonder a per" that is his title to consideration in God's sight. The hardship of dying is mainly that God must "Tollkoraa now, WV and the cows to calve, an.Tliornaby holes to. show ;" that he has not been able quite to finish the one great, work of his life, that which he has carried out hitherto in spite of "bodgies" and men, the stabbing up and ploughing of Thornaby waste. What a noble, honest, ay, artistic pride in his survey of that work " Dubbut look at the waste ; there warn't not Icul for a cow : NOM t at all but bracken an" list . . . . . . an' now there's lots o' fold, Fourscore jovis upon it, and' some on It does In in solid." And what an honest pathos in the regret at leaving it unaccomplished " Nobbut a hit on it's left, an' I inclined to be' studied it at fall, Done It a-year I noticed, an' runned plow thrall It an' all, If Godamoighty an' parson 'and noble let me alone. . . ." Observe that this love this well nigh worship of " the land," is almost utterly unselfish. He knows well that the bulk of what he farms is not his that it will be disposed of to others by another. He is to himself but as it were the for ordained cultivator, fertilizer of the land for others' benefit; a wonderful first-rate too', which he rather fancies has fallen into careless hands. He thinks nothing of his own future ; but he thinks of the annoyance to his squire of losing so good a farmer " An Squoiro 'all be so mail an' all-a" dear a' dmr '" He thinks of the odious " Killie cf stews Huzzin' an' amazing' the blessed fields in' the devil's alias Ram," And that is the one thought which recon- cries him to dying " But gin I mun doy I mun do)', for I could even- to see It." So that, in short, the more one looks into the face of this are drinking; clock the more there disengaged itself the figure of a grand old heathen, a worshipper of Telita and Bertha whose bodily motions may take place in the sphere of nineteenth century civilisation, but over whose spirit, as I said before, eighteen centuries of Christianity have paEEed in vain. Of a Father in Heaven, of a Saviour of mankind, of a Holy Spirit, he knows literally nothing- the cockchafer booming of the parson has utterly failed to convey to his mind the slightest idea of these. The great Power in Heaven, whom he acknowledges to rule even over his own dear goddess Bertha, " Godamoighty," appears to him rather in the light of a Supreme Iaad lord.andnot a very discriminating one. Of that Gracious One whom Barnabas and Paul preached to his fellow-heathen at Lysbeth given of rain from heaven and fruitful seasons, the God who filled " our hearts with food and gladness," of that Near One whom Paul preached to his fellow-heathen at Athens, whose opening we also are, not a glimpse has come to him over the ages. Let the clergy look to It, I say. Here is solemn warning for them. Not only on this account, that such spiritual types of laymen as the "Northern Farmer" correspondences Early and essentially to that of the " person who reads worn sermon a week," and only visits men on their death beds to torment them with reproofs for their past sins. That type, let us hope, is fast passing away. But on this-that as respects sermons the "Northern Farmer is by no means an exceptional type of feeling. There is probably hardly a layman in the British Isles, if he be honest enough to confess it, to whom those words do not come home by manifold experience : " An I curd is a summary' outlay To be a buzzard clock over my head ; And I never knew what a meant, but I thought a. sad summut to Easy, An' I the t a said vi hole on t to a safe!, an' I come! away." How much of the devotion of the most devout portion of the most devout congrega- tions rises any further than the dull, well behaved assumption that the minister (aye, and of any denomination, in church or chapel, on either side of the Tweed or the Irish Channel has said what he ought to have said, I fear there are but few coming i tions where the proportion of the true worship would he more than a Elender on-, could ABmodeus turn spiritual statistician to reckon it. "We are impatient in civil life of a speech which does not rise above mediocrity. We are thankful at our public worship for a sermon which does not fall below it. And who can wonder that those who are conscious in themselves of powers made fruitful already. of which no one has taught them to see the source above day, who have been expressly taught by their very clerical instructors to look upon these as " worldly," as " natural," as within the sphere of human capacity, should have their place of worship with feelings of proud contempt exactly akin to those of the " Northern Farmer," though the grounds of such pride may vary ad infinitum A relief work sermon a week, an I lia' stubbed Thornauj Evaristo?" Such is a little of the deep truth which lies beneath the surface of this wonderful poem, -beneath that thick crust of broad humour which makes the reading of it to some otherwise by no means unappreciative admirers of its author, one long convulsive laugh. Novar, Rarely, has Mr. Tennyson written anything of its kind so perfect. It is no pen-and-ink sketch, hut an etching bitten in with HOOT forces into the metal of the character itself which he has sought to represent. " St. Simeon Stylites" U, perhaps, as searching; but there is no comparison between that exceptional morbid subject and the broad, healthy, living truth of the. Hot a touch in the whole picture is superfluous or unsteady; not a line goes one hair's-breadth beyond reality. One hardly knows what to praise in it specially unless it be the consummate art which manages to throw in the exquisitely poetic touch, So thoroughly in keeping with the whole character, of the murdered man falling " Doon i' lie wolklenemies" (recalling exactly the line of the " Nibelun- genlied" on Slfrlt's murder " Do violin die bluestone dor Chrlemhildo man" " Then fell among the flowers Chriemhild's husband"), and, again, that of the steam-engine " Jlallzln' the blessed for This an instance of the " poetic fallacy" which may be recommended to Mr. Ruskin, the next time he chooses to write more fallacies himself on that subject. The diction, again, is of itself a subject for study. Nothing can show better than this piece that the chances of a dialect rising into a language are simply those of a man of genius rising to write in it. Had our own ordinary English had no literature till now, and an Alfred Tennyson-had at last appeared on earth to write the "Northern Farmer, it is beyond doubt that he would have fixed its dialect as the standard language of England; just as the great Italian poet of the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries fixed their Tuscan dialect as the standard language of Italy, and as the many talented poets of Provence, their elders and contemporaries, did not fix the Provencal as the standard language of France, for want of one single men of genius among the whole brilliant crew of the Troubadours. One painful consideration is, indeed, connected with the poem-that of the shoals of imitations in all manner of uncouth, unintelligible, and spurious jargon which it is safe to bring forth. For these Mr. Tennyson. will "severly" have to bear a heavy respon- sibility to be shared, indeed, by Mr. Lowell and his Yankee masterpieces in the Btgloto Papers, old and new-by Mr. Kingsley and his Buccaneer and by Thackeray and his cockney verse, which, however, remains always within the domain of the purely comic. But such attempts should really be left to masters only-sports for the gods pastimes for Valhalla. THE first working party connected with Captain Buckley's great expedition for a construction of the Russian and American Telegraph line left this port recently on the steamer Golden Rule, for San Francisco, via Nicaragua. The party consists of Mr. Hollway telegraphic engineer, and a number of assistants, who, under the direction of up train Buckley, will proceed to various points in British Columbia to make the necessary surveys, preparatory to more active operations next spring. New York Herald. 