Twelve months ago an election address bj Mr. O'Siianassy would have been looked forward to with: curiosity and read with interest. At, bum uuio ue upiieareu in uie llgnt ot a representative man. As leader of the Opposition, or head of a party, whether large or small, his word always carried weight. How stands the case now? Mr. O'Siianassy may still be head, but where is the body, and where are the limbs ? He may still speak, but it is vox et prieterea nihil. Ilis late address at Kilmore, that favoured con stituency annually or biennially favoured with the presence of the great man, and sundry intelligent interpreters of the daily press, tells the colony absolutely nothing but the thrice-told tale, that the Govern ment of the day are neither consistent nor sincere in their policy. Story of j his own, like another celebrated public character, he has absolutely "None to tell, Sir." It needed no ghost to come from the grave to inform us that the times were out of joint, that the land policies of the Chief Secretary and the Minister of Lands clashed with each other, that the Minister of Justice's political creed could always be squared with the Crown brief, that the Attorney-General's extremely sensitive conscience could be as elastic on occasion as that of an Old Bailey witness, and that the Ministry as a whole had orisrinnted no nolicv. nor had any save what was dictated by public opinion. This is an old story, and so old that we almost owe an apology for its repetition. Nor should we have summarised the facts of the case but for the Kilmore rechauffe. The Government were all wrona", but the free and enlightened of Mr. O'Sha- nassy's stronghold were net told what would be all right. And yet so satis fied was the Chief Secretary of days gone by with his votes and proceed ings in Parliament, as not to deem it worth his while to say a word about them. He knew Ivilmore, and Kilmore knew him ; and that was quite enough for anybody to know. This very easy sort of absolutism may do very well for the very easy going people of Kilmore ; but the country, which has been proud of Mr. 0 Siia- nassy, and with good reason, has a right to something more explicit, more statesmanlike, and more manly from the lips of one who was once its chief tribune. Aciiili.es mustnotcomeswag- gering on the stage, with nought but abuse of others on his tongue ; else he lapses into a Theksites, lacking the wit that made the snarling Greek just endurable. From Mr. O'Siianassy a policy of some kind was imperative. In the Trojan war there was but one AcniLLES, without whoso active aid Troy could' not be taken. Achilles, too, had a great following of Myrmi dons, who declined to stir a peg without their leader. They were a numerous and a formidable body. Consequently no surprise is excited in the mind when we find Agamemnon, "the king of men" and nominal leader of the Achaian host, condescending to pay a personal visit to the tent of the six- foot sulky hero. The ago was not a fast age, and demigods like the swifc- footed son of Tiietts had already become scarce in the land ; but in these prosaic and business-like days, a poli tician, or public man in any other capacity, cannot afford to withdraw himself from the arena and stand upon his dignity. What he wont do an other can easily be found willing and capable for, and should the period of hermitage extend over many months, the once great man is liable to wake up to the unpleasant discovery that his past services have been forgotten, and that his future can be dispensed with. This will certainly be the fate of Mr. O'Shanassy if he does not shortly tell the country more about himself and his course of action, and less about the Government and their backslidings. No better opportunity could have been afforded for an out spoken policy than was offered on Monday. Mr. IIiginbotham had, with a cruel kindness, laid bare all the weak points in the Ministerial pro gramme, showed its utter hollowness and insecerity, and proclaimed him self, as far as he dared, a seceder in case his colleagues should happen to be in earnest when the time for real action came. The Government played with their cards on the table, strong and weak they were all patent to the adversary. A moderately crood hand opposed to them, played with anything like skill, must have won; and yet Mr. O'Siianassy, with a sin gular fatuity, and the aco of trumps in his hand, allows the knave to sweep the board. It is true this is only the first game of the rubber, but wo must not forget that whist players prefer laying to taking the odds under the circumstances. We should be sorry to think that Mr. O'Siianassy has so long seques trated himself from the society of former colleagues as to be in the Quite Alone position of the heroine of the most popular serial novel of the day; thatapart from his late parliamentary associates he is unable at this great crisis in our national existence to propound some rational and straightforward scheme of polity ; and that the pronunciamentoes at Kilmore and in the Assembly with which his name was wont to he identified, have been always suggested, if not dictated, by persons of lower political status than himself. Yet, with his latest deliverance before us, we should have a difficulty in arriving at any other conclusion, were we not aware that there are certain breaches not yet healed, and many difficulties still to be overcome — not the least of which is Mr. O'Siianassy himself — before the Opposition can speak and act as in conscience it is demanded that it should. The Government would in a short time crumble to pieces through its own want of cohesion and the rotten materials of which it is com posed, hut as people might be hurt by tbe fall of a three story building it is better to condemn and demolish the work before it rises above the ground floor. Who is to be the Samson ? Dr Evans is spoken of ns likely to oppose to Mr Higinbothani at Brighton. Mr Patrick Phelnn addressed rather a disorderly meeting of the electors of North Mel bourne, at the University hotel, Carlton, last evening. The usual vote of confidence wes carried. To-night, Mr Phelan speaks nt the Old Lincoln Inn. MrJas. Hood has issued an address to the electors of Belfast. Ho supports the Ministerial land policy, as enunciated by Mr Grant, and : also the Ministerial scheme for the revision of the tariff. . . Yesterday's Government Gazette notifies the return of the writs for the South Western Province, and the electoral district of Dundns. Mr Bidders, one of the candidates for East Geclong, attended a meeting of the electors of that district on Monday to explnin his political principles. He announced himself in favour of leasing both the agricultural and pastoral lands, tliofoimernt 2-; and the latter at Is per acre. With regard to the tariff lie would have tea, sugar, coffee, rice, malt, and hops admitted free, nod reduce the export duty on gold. The bulk of tho deficiency ho would mako up by a ldiper lb on wool exported, and Is per bushel on im ported grata. He would admit all raw material free, and place a duty on all wholly or partially manufactured goods in proportion to tbe amount of labour expended upon tlicm. Mr Bidders was complimented with a rote of confidence at tbe conclusion of bis speech. Mr George Brown, who opposes Mr Brooke in West Geelong, addressed the electors on Mondny night. Although ranging himself with tho Protectionists, he did so only to the extent of protecting our own industry agaiust outsiders, but not to the length of making one class of our people suffer by the advantngo given to another. Respecting the constitution of the Legislative Council, he 6atd its reform might be effected by tho return of more liberal men, but failing this he would be prepared to aid tho Government in exercising the power to take advantnge of the various pretexts offered in Duffy's Act for resuming possessiou of tho Crown lauds and putting tbe people upon them in spite of Upper House obstruction. Onr Geelong correspondent states that Mr Brown openly exuresses his intention to keep out Mr Brooke, anil admits that this is the only ground upon which he con tests tho election for West Geelong. Mr Yerdon will address the electors of Wil- liamstown this evening (Wednesday), in the Mechanics' Institute, Electra street. A supplementary Government Gazette con tains a notice to officers in tile Civil Service, in structing them to refrain frcm taking part in the elections boyoud recording their votes, on pain of dismissal. This notification is bnsed upon a resolution of the Legislative Assembly, dated With February, 1859. Wiiy was it not published before the first two bitches had been disposed of ! At a numerously attended meeting of the electors of Nortli Melbourne, held last evening, at the Royal Artillery hotel, Mr Councillor Story in the chair, it was resolved to support Messrs Burtt and Sinclair as candidates, tho latter gentleman having consented to again come forward. Mr Brooke addressed a very large meeting ot tho Crown hotel, Ashhy, on Monday. Tho greatest enthusiasm prevailed, nnd, after several questions lisd been answered to the satisfaction of tiie electors present, a motion that Mr Brooko was a proper person to represent the con stituency was carried by an overwhelming ma jority, only five or six hands being held up against it. Mr M'Cann made some remarks highly eulogistic of Mr Brooke, and said that he thought the liberal cause would be greatly advantaged by his being in Parliament. For this reason he should support Mr Broeko's can didature. Mr R. S. Anderson addressed a large meeting of the electors of. Emerald Hill, yesterday. He reviewed, at some length, his career in tho late Parliament, referring more particularly to tho Land anil Immigration Bills. IIo was very unfavourably received, Bad a vote'of confidence in him was negatived by a considerable ma jority. Sir John Rowan, nronrietor of the Wann-a. ratta Dispatch, is mentioned as an opponent of Sir Francis Murphy for the Murray Boroughs. When the returning officer for Maryborough, on Saturday, was about to declare the result of the poll, a pretest against the validity of Mr Sir Mason's return, was handed in by Dr Evans oa the ground of bribery and treating. Subse quently Dr Ernn9 addressed those assembled to the following effect, as reported in tho Mary borough nnd Dunolly Advertiser He had no hesitation in saying, as a public nnd profes sional man, that the present election would be set aside, nnd that in his firm belief he was their sittingmcmber according to the law of the land. He had already placed ia the hands of the re turning officer a protest,, against the election cf Mr Mason, on the ground of gross bribery, corruption, nnd treating. (Hear.) Tills pro test he was prepared with unquestionable evi dence to carry to a criminal prosecution and afterwards to the House of Assembly, and he did not entertain a shadow of a doubt but- that a Committee of the House of Assembly would place him in the position of their member. (Cheors.) Ho was prepared with the most conclusive evidence to show that treating of the most barefaced and open character, was exercised not only by the agents of Mr Mason, but by Mr Mason himself. Tlmt gentleman had told thera that he came up on his own resources, nnd ns an honest mnn, hut he (Dr Evaus) was in a position to prove that ho came up -under tho patronage of the Government of the day, with a guarantee from the Chief Secretary, that his expenses would be paid. (Hear, hear.) He came before them as an old member, who had served them faithfully in Parliament for three years, with the firm belief that the electors of Maryborough were neither to lie bought nor solu, or deprived of their political existence by means of bribery and, corruption. He was confounded with shame at the prostration of intellect and debasement of moral feeling lie had witnessed in his tour through tho district. It was duo to the Constitution granted to them by the Home Parliament, and it was due to the character of tho colony of Victoria that some steps should be taken to put a stop effectually to suck proceedings. Ho waj prepared with the fullest evidence in the present esse; he knew the law on the subject, and would first press the mutter to a criminal conviction, nnd afterwards bring it before a committee of the Legislative Assembly, and lie felt satisfied that much time would uot elapse until he would he again acknowledged as the member for Maryborough. (Cheers,)" At a meeting of tho electors of West Mel bourne, held last evening, at St. Patrick's Hall, it was resolved that Mr Myles Garrett Byrne be requested to come forward as a candidate to represent the constituency, and that goatleman intimated his intention of acquiescing in the views of the meeting. Mr Alderman Harbison is in the field for West Melbourne. Mr Alexander Short addressed the electors of Bonrke Ward, last evening, at the Railway' hotel, Millnr street, on the subject of Ms candi dature, Mr Thomas Bergin in the chair. Mr' Short explained his reasons for coming forward to oppose Mr John Edwards, senior, stating that as lie found he was opposed nt the eleventh hour by Mr Amess ho would put himself in tbe hands of the meeting- on the suhiect A tion, proposed by Mr Drysdale and seconded by Mr M'Donald, that Mr Short was a fit and pro per person to represent the ward, was unani mously carried. A proposition was then made by Mr Fordo, seconded by Mr Sheils, that this meeting do adjourn to Thursday evening, at the Cnledoniun hotel, Jeffcott street, and that tho candidate; be requested to attend; this was passed without opposition, and the meetia" was adjourned accordingly. Mr R. F. Howard, who comes forward again for Sandhurst, addressed a public meeting of the eieclors of the Boroughs on Monday evening, at the Shamrock hotel. In referonce to the land question, he is reported by the Bcndigo Advertiser as follows : — " The first and most important subject was the settlement of tho land question, a question which lie believed was near settlement nt last, as it appeared to htm that the country was nlmnst unanimous — at all events, from the expression of those constituen cies who had elected members to the Assembly, that the general feeling was in favour of the land policy shadowed forth by the present Ministry. (Applause.) He himself did not think it was quite so liberal as he would hare liked it. He might remaik thut it was not so much so as the Act of 1802 ; lie termed it au net, although it was not in force. By Mr Grant's proposed measure the occupant of tho land was nt the end oi five years no nearer to getting tho land for his own than nt the beginning. "With the exccpiion of these and some other minor objections, he was quite desirous of assisting the Ministry in carrying the measures to n suc cessful issue; indeed, ho would be ouly too happy iflie could assist them (Cheers.)" On the subject or the tariffho said — " Looking nt the whole system of taxation, revising sviiie.i by doing away with the duties on tea, coffee, chocolate, and rise, and the abolition of the expert duty on gold — whtcll : he believed -would take place — would leave a deficiency in the revenue amounting to L-109,060, he thought, in order to make up that deficiency, tho Govern ment might tax such articles ns would give Protection to native industry. (Appluuso.) If he was returned he would support any measure for raising a revenue in the way he referred to ; but he would at once take a decided stand, and state that he would rather imperil bis chance of obtaining a scat than say he would support any protective tax on the importation of breadstuff's, " The usual complimentary voto was put, and the Chairman declared It carried. A deputation from Bnllaarat East, headed by Mr Fussell, the Mayor, will have an interview with the President of tho Beard of Land and Works to-day. A report of the annual general meeting of the Colonial Bank of Australasia, held yesterday, appears in another column. The directors' re port was adopted. It was rumoured at Port Albert that gold had been discovered in the Strelcski ranges. A cor respondent of the Gipps Land Guardian suggests the propriety of organising a local prospecting party forthwith. The triennial ceremony of beating the7 city- boundaries was to have been commenced to-day, but the Mnyor being unablo to complete his ar rangements, it has been postponed until Friday next. An enthusiastic Protection meeting was held last night at Brunswick. The Hon. C. J. Jenner presided. A report appears elsewhere. The annual show of the Port Phillip Farmers' Society, in connection with the National Exhibi tion under tiie auspices of the Board of Agricul ture, commoneed yesterday, nnd will be continued to-day nnd to-morrow. Tho show was, yester day, confined to agricultural implements nnd machinery. The exhibition of poultry will take place to-day ; cud on Thursday, which is the prin cipal day, the stock will be exhibited, the entries for which we understand are very numerous. The proceedings for the winding up of the Provident Iastitute estate were renewed in the Insolvent Court yesterday. Four share holders appeared to object to being- made res ponsible for any liabilities on different grounds The consideration ol their case was postponed till the 11th November. A tea meeting is announced to take place this evening, at St. George's Church; Welling ton street, Collingweod. Tbe lion J. P. Fawkner will preside, and among tho speakers will be the Rev Mr Bagley (of Richmond), the Rev Mr Brown (late of Wishart), the Rev Mr Colo (Episcopalian), nnd tho Rev J. W. Inglis, whose readings are so familiar to many of our readers, and Mr David Blair. A selection of sacred music will also be given. According to the Albury Banner the house keepers of Melbourne have the advantage of those of the Border town in the price of Murray cod. " Here," says the Banner, " with the river at our doors, we have to pay Gd, and very seldom have a chance of getting it even at that price. This certainly appears to be an nbsur- ditv. but it is none the less a feet." The hailstorm of Friday last seems to have caused great damage in the Creswick district. At Mount Boltcn its effects have been disastrous in the extreme. The Star says that within a circle of four miles scarcely a field or garden lias escaped. The largest of the hailstones, measuring from three to four inches in circum ference, made indentations in the virgin soil one inch and more in depth. The crops in the district have suffered severely. At Ncwstead, the storm was also attended with similarly des tructive effects. 8.me parts of this dis trict were completely flooded. A corre spondent of the Mount Alexander Mail writes ns follows : — "But tho greatest loss, I hear of befel MrTooke, who keeps n store close to the creek ; bo sudden was the rush of water that the family, consisting, of Mrs Tooke, an adopted child, and servant girl, had no chance of escape except through the roof, and but for the prompt assistance of a visitor, who quickly knocked a hole through tho shingles, you would have to chronicle the death of one or more of the females of the house. The child nnd servant were pulled through with ropes, while Mrs Tooke' hung on to tbe rafters for more than an hour before she could be released from her perilous position. No sooner were they landed safely on dry land than three rooms of the dwellingwerc swept down t'te creek." We find the accompanying relative to tho recent discovery of stolen property of consider able value iu the Albury Banner of the 22nd " A telegram from Berrima of Tuesday lnstglves tho following : — ' The contents of several miss ing bags recently abstracted from coaehes were found by some boys, last night, in the bush, about a milo from Berrimn. About L1000 wortli of cheques, drafts, and a few half notes, together with a few photograplts and a Paramatta label, wore found among them. When discovered they were covered with some dry wood, which had apparently beeu set on fire with several newspapers partially burnt. Dates of letters show them to have boon posted at various times during J uiy, August, and September. There is no iraeo of bags to be found. The whole is now in the possession of the police.' " There is something genuinely pathetic in the circumstance described in the accompanying extract from the Hobart Town Mercury : — "At the last ball nt Government House, Hobart Town, there appeared the last mnle aboriginal inhabitant of Tasmania. We had read much before of tho lost man, and heard much of the la9t man of his race, but had never expected to have bean favoured with the sight of such a person. In this case, indeed, the person In question was accompanied by three aboriginal females, tho sole living representatives of tho race besides himself, but not of such. an age or such an appearance, as to justify the expectation ofauy future addition to their number. We may, therefore, look upon this individual not only as tho last man of his race in esse but also In posse." The dead body of a miner, named Thomas Benucharap, was found lying on the edge of a watcrLole at Majorca, the face immersed in the water, a few days ago. The median! evidence affirmed that death was caused by sanguineous apoplexy, and it also appeared that deceased had been subjoct to apoplectic fits. Mr E. M. Meyer, distiller, residing at Wen- uuuree puraue, uanaarat w ear, was stopped by two men on Friday night. The ruffians kicked and beat liim severely, being apparently under the impression that lie was Mr T. M'Dermott, near whose residence the occurrence took place. A reward of L20 lias been offered for the appre hension of the miscreants. According to the Belfast Gazette diptheria is alarmingly prevalent in the neighbourhood of Tower Hill. A quantily of unslaked lime, included in the' Edina's cargo on her last trip from Melbourne to Portland, took fire, and caused considerable alarm. Tho Warrnambool Examiner of the 21st has the following account cf the occurrence : " Some consternation wn3 caused on board the Edina, at about two o'clock on Wednesday morn ing last, on it being discovered that a great quan tity of smoke was coming up the hatchway. On a search being made, it was found that a quan tity of liiue (about forty bags) was on firo in the Portland, compartment. On the lime were some boxes of apples, and over or close to them some liogshead9 of spirits. The course of the vessel was at once stopped, and all hands set to pitch ing the lime overboard, which was no easy mat ter, seeing that the bags were actually burning. Fortunately no other damage was done, and the weather was calm ; but we shudder to think of tho consequences, had the fire not been got under and a south-westerly gale blowing." For tho following particulars of a burglary, the sceno of which was Campbell's Creek, we are indebted to tho M. A. Mail : — " On - Saturday night a burglary was committed at the shop of Mr Wilson, a tinsmith of Campbell's Creok, and a quantity of clothing, stock-in-trade, and two silver witches, carried away. From certain indications about the premises, Mr Wilson sus pected tho Chinese to he the depredators, and accordingly procured the assistance of n man, and went to search the Chinese camp close by. Suspecting the house iu which the articles were concealed, he knocked at the door ; but as the knocking was not answered, it was bnrst in by his companions. Immediately the two were set upon by about a score of Chinese, armed with sticks, who beat them in a most merciless man ner. Mr Wilson received some severe injuries upon the head nnd other parts of tho body. The Chinese havo, for a long time, been a great pest to the locality, and we therefore hope those con cerned in this cowardly attack will not escape the punishment they so justly msrlt." We understand that the friends and admirers of the Very Rev the Dean of Melbourne are desirous of presenting hiin, now that he is about to leave the colony, with a testimonial in the form of nn address expressive of iheir respect and esteem for his virtues and character, and that in order to afford 1 1 his numerous friends facilities for signing it, copies of it have been left with tho different clergymen throughout the colony, with loose sheets attached for the recoption of signatures. The entries for the Melbourne races, to take place on the 3rd prox. and two following days, were made yesicrday. There are 21 accep tances for the Cup race. Colonel Wyatt, of the G5th, and Colonel Leslie, of the 40th, lmre laid claim, on the part of their respective regiments, to a share of the prize money received from the sale of conquered lend in tho Waiknto country of New Zealand. Should their demand not lie complied witli by the Government, those officers are prepared to submit their claim for the consideration of the Field-Marshal Commander-in- Chief. A case which created much amusement was heard in the County Court, yesterday. In the month of August last, one j. W. Robwson, who described himself as a labourer, was in an hotel in Bourke street, kept by C. Benson. At this, time several outrages were committed bv Morgan, the bushranger, nnd Mr Benson, in Robinson's presence, denounced the conduct of the outlaw in Btrong and fitting terms. Robinson replied that he would not dare to use such expressions in Morgan's presouce. This and other circum stances induced n suspicion in Benson's mind that he had the veritable Morgan before him, nnd lie therefore caused him to be apprehended aud taken to the Detective Office, where, on inves tigation, it turned out that he was uot tho party " wanted." Mr Benson then apologised, and tendered L3 ns amends for his mistake. This was refused, nnd an action was brought against him, in which tho damages claimed were L50. Judge Pohliiian thought that, considering the small amount of injury plaintiff had sustained, L10 would bo sufficient compensation, and awarded a verdict accordingly. "During the sitting of the Warden's Court, on Tuesday," says the Murray Gazette, "some rather startling chaff was indulged ia by Messrs Ogier and Zincke, the latter insinuating that Mr Ogier was indebted to him in tho nmotint of some fees for managing a case. Mr Ogier called some person a ' cattle stealer,' and after wards a ' blackleg' and ' sharper,' whereupon Mr Zincke requested to knowwhether the words were meant to anolv to him. and threatened, if cn. to kick Mr Ogier outside the Court ! Shortly after tills interesting episode Mr Ogier remarked that it was apparently not necessary for a law yer to be a gentleman, to which Mr Zincke re torted that he could see it wasn't. On Wednes day, Mr Ogier was understood to impute a leaning to the other side on the part of the war den, and at the close of the proceedings that gentleman averted to it, scying that he iiad never been so grossly insulted while on the Bench as he had been by Mr Ogicr's imputa tions, and stigmatising those thrown upon him self and upon the other side as most improper. He was sorry to be compelled to speak of the fact at all, and trusted that he might not have another occasion to do so." A lecture was delivered yesterday, at Kirk's Bazaar, Bourlto street, to a very crowded assemblage, by a smnrt specimen of an American gentleman, Mr Belew, on the subject of taming, training, aud educating the horse. He lmd been induced to come to this colony by Professor Bushcll, nnd had previously lectured in California, New Zealand, and New South Wales. A very large number of persons at tended to hear him, and he explained the principles of his system with considerable cleverness and astonishing volubility. IJo pro mised a great deal, but lie certainly performed a good deal. After his lccturo ho successfully experimented on n wild unbroken three year old filly, but his system as far ns lie was concerned, seemed to us merely a rendition of that which has already been made familiar by Mr Rarcy. He then proceeded to cure a botse of jibbing, kicking, and other kind of vice, to handle and pit liim iu a very short time, nnd to tench lihn a great variety of tricks. He has undoubtedly mcst perfect mastery over a horse, nnd although his system in some parts is not new, yet in others it is certainly a novel application of rational principles on the subject previously well established. The Hamilton Spectator ienrns that an infor mation for an infringement. of tiie Scab Act lias been laid by the Coleraine siieep inspector against Mr Edward Hentv, of Melbourne, which, if sus tained, will render the defendant liable to flues amounting to nearly LIOOO. 