BRITISH EXTRACTS. The Vanity of Verse Writers.—In most other departments of intellectual in dustry and skill a man soon acquires a tolerably accurate idea whether what he is doing be good, had, or indifferent; but the manufacturer of verse seems wholly unable to estimate the quality of the fabric he weaves or perceive whether the designs he stamps on it are really beauteous and ori ginal forms, or trite copies and graceless patterns. No matter how consummate his intelligence in ether domains of mind, yet he may rank with the most stolid and purblind of self-deceivers when he has to pass judg ment on his own rhymes.—* Blackwood's Magazine.' A New Planet Discovered.—Mr. James C. Watson, of Ann Arbor, Michigan, writes to the ' Detroit Free Press':—I have the pleasure to inform you that I discovered a new planet on the morning of the 15th in stant. Its right ascension is fifty-nine minutes (time) and its declination nine de grees and fifty minutes north. The motion indicates that the new planet belongs to the group between Mars and Jupiter, it shines like a star of the tenth magnitude. Homicide by a French Officer.—On Tuesday the Military Tribunal of Palis med Lieutenant Fieury, of the 4th Regiment of Yoltigeurs of the Guard, aged 2S, on a charge of having murdered, on the IStb of August last, a married woman, named Petit, ' a clearstarcber, who had a shop in the Pas sage de Cherbourg. The facts of the case, as ! ascertained by the prisoner's confession and the evidence of numerous witnesses, may be briefly stated as follows:—On the 10th of April the prisoner, when passing through the Passage de Cherbourg, saw the woman Petit for the fit st time, and at once conceived astrong passion for her. He returned in the evening with the intention of obtaining an interview. In this he succeeded, and was much chagrined to learn that she was married, and had a husband living, who was a painter by trade. Tins discovery, however, did not deter him, for he saw her again on the fol lowing day, and she then consented to visit him at bis own lodgings. She kept her ward, and remained with him alone for several hours. A day or two later the prisoner went to the woman's shop under the pretext of hav ing linen to wash, and was introduced to her husband. From that time he spent all his leisure hours at the shop, often going in full uniform, and sometimes stayed all night, sleeping on a bed made up on purpose for him in the same room where the wife and her husband slept. This continued for two months, when the woman persuaded him to leave bis lodging in the Rue de Vienne, and to partially furnish an apartment which she had hired in the Rue St. Nicholas, and from which they afterwards removed to the Rue Laborde. Here tbey led a very gay life, frequently giving parties, which were at tended by the prisoner's triends, accompanied by their mistresses. On some of the occa sions the woman Petit excited the prisoner's jealousy by her conduct towards the male visitors. This was especially the case on the 9th 01 August, when a lieutenant named Giuganti and bis mistress were present. The prisoner was so much offended on this occa sion that he then threatened to cease all con nexion with her, and even wrote to his father for money to enable him to settle his ac counts with her. Unfortunately, the money was refused, and tbe prisoner's resolve to break with his mistress was not carried into execution. On the contrary, his infatuation became greater than ever, and the woman irritated him more and more by having rendezvous, tbe object of which she refused to explain. On the morning of the 18th she promised to be at home when he came, but was absent, and he then learnt from one of her washerwomen that she was out with a gentleman. A few minutes later he saw her alight from a hackney coach at the end of the passage, and he received her with re proaches, which she answered in the most offensive manner. She even told her work women that if Bebe (such was the nickname given to the prisoner at the shop) were ever troublesome they must smack his face and turn him out. Peace, however, was restored by the arrival of a stranger, and tbe prisoner afterwards asked patdon for the language he had used, and said that he would come and take ber out for a walk in tbe evening. She replied that she would not go with him, as she had an engagement which she intended to keep, but would not say with whom. Tbe prisoner then exclaimed, " I will take care to prevent your going." He soon afterwards withdrew, but returned just before 8 in the evening- After his arrival the four women who were ironing in the shop fancied tbey smelt gunpowder, and one of them went out to see if any boys were letting off crackers in tbe street. The prisoner appeared to take no notice of what had been said. About 9 o'clock the woman Petit, seeing Lieutenant Giuganti passing before the shop, called him, and said, " How proud you are! Won't you come in and kiss me ?" Giuganti did as she wished, and afterwards asked her to go with him and the prisoner to the latter's lodgings, which she refused, saying that she had an engagement elsewhere. About 10 tbe woman Petit sent one of her women after a man who had just passed the door. In a minute tbe messenger returned and said that the gentle man was waiting for her mistress in the Rue d'Anjou. The latter was going out at the back door when the prisoner seized her by tbe hand to detain her. She refused to stop, and be then discharged a pistol at her head. Tbe ball did not penetrate the skull but stunned her, and leaning on a table, she ex claimed—"My sight is going! * *" She had scarcely uttered these words when the prisoner stabbed her to the heart, and rushing into the street gave himself into the custody of a sergent de ville. Giuganti, who was present when the pistol was fired, seemed to have lost his wits, for, instead of arresting tbe murderer, he ran away as fast as be could. All these facts were fully established by the evidence given in court, and the only doubtful points were whether the murder was preme ditated, and whether the prisoner was insane at the time. A great many witnesses de posed tbat bis family, both on the father's and mother's side, were subject to insanity. His two grandmothers had died raving mad, and he has a sister at tbe present moment in a lunatic asylum, who fancies that she is tbe spouse of Jesus Christ and has been told so by an angel. Tbe medical witnesses who gave evidence respecting the prisoner's sanity all agreed that whatever he might have been at the moment of the crime, he had not been mad since. The prisoner's counsel (M. La ; chaud) endeavoured to show that tbe disease hereditary in his client's family might rea sonably be supposed to have been the cause | of the crime. The Tribunal, however, did not consider such to be the case, for it declared the prisoner guilty of wilful murder, but with tbe benefit of extenuating circumstances, and unanimously condemned him to 20 years' hard labour, military degradation, and to be under the surveillance of the police for life.— ' Times.' During the 11 years that have elapsed since its commencement, the Free Public Library at Liverpool has put into circulation nearly two millions and a half of volumes, of which only 59 were not duly returned. Of ; these 21 have been recovered, tbe purloiners of 9 have been prosecuted, and the cost of re- i placing the remaining 38 has not exceeded : £4, wbicb sum represents the total loss of books throughout the whole period. The library issues daily upwards of 1690 volumes. The origin of " El Dorado," or the golden city of Manoa, supposed by Sir Walter ; Raleigh to be situated near the Lake of Parima, which is about 300 miles only from GeorgeTown, Demerara, turns out to be nearer the truth than fiction. Gold has been dug up in such vast quantities during the early part of last month that every shovelful of earth was found to contain more or less of it in fabulous proportion, whilst on breaking the veins of the adjacent rocks they were found sparkling with the precious metal in virgin purity and abundant quantity. Killed by a Wasp.—A farm-labourer named Caudreliez, residing at Templeneuf Nord, lost his life recently by eating a plum, in which a wasp was concealed. The insect stung him in the back of the mouth, and the part swelled so much that the man died from suffocation in two hours afterwards. A Frenchman has patented an invention for pulverising the refuse of slate and mixing with it some substance which produces a most durable material, and which answers the same purposes as some kinds of our most valuable stone. An Historical Mystery.—Suppose at this time last year we could have penetrated into the interior of the Piauen Palais—could we have passed the guard of men who watched inside by night, and the guard of : fierce hounds who lay in the passages lead ing to the apartment of the mistress of the mansion—what should we have found ? What should we have seen in that apart ment where the ancient Giafin is sitting? She is old—very old; but the eyes are still bright—none of their intelligence is lost, and yet there is a displeasing acuteness and entire want of softness in their glance; it would seem as if, the outward objects of life so long shut out from view, their restless gaze turned eagerly inward to the memories of long-past years There is intellect in the face, and abundance of power, and if the beauty which was once so remarkable no longer lingers there, it is because its soften ing lines have year by year been effaced by the force and pressure of an indomitable will. She wears a white cap suitable to ber years, but of no modern f ashion; her dress is a mixture of black and gray, loosely wrapping her figure and concealing her proportions. But what is that encircling her neck? Can it be a rope ? It is a rope. The ends are hidden in her dress. And who is that man his face masked, who enters unbidden her apartment? He bows lowly, without speak ing; he approaches the ancient lady; he looks for a moment—it is enough; he retires, bowing as before. Can this be the execu tioner from Dresiien. It is so. Every week he comes to see if the terrible sign of justice unfilled remains where it was placed many many years ago. Is this true, we ask? It is one of the mysteries of the Piauen Palais. Common and scanty is the furniture of the apartment, but there is much that is curious to be found there. There are piles of manu scripts written in the French language—she is adding the finishing pages to the story of the last 86 years gone by. It is finished ; and she inscribes on it a solemn injunction that the contents of the manuscripts are net to be given to the public until 50 years after own decease. She has been twice married, but no portraits of either of her husbands bang there to cheer the gloomy apartment; there is, however, on the table a beautiful miniature in its rich case. Whose are those Italian features which lie on the ivory, in calm, majestic beauty and repose? They are chiselled features of the Great Emperor— Napoleon the First. Whose is the face of that lovely child in that second miniature painted by the same matchless hand ? Whose are the fair bright locks which are plaited thickly at the back of the miniature ? Doubtless the face and hair of a beloved lost child. No; the face is that of the young king of Rome—the bright locks, undimmed by time, were cut from his sunny hair fifty years before. Both the miniatures are by Isabey, and were the gift of tbe great Em peror, before the star of the glory was dimmed in tbe disastrous campaign of Russia. The aged Grafin looks on the picture of the Em peror, and utters " Etuile de ma vie !" He had been to ber tbe star of her existence.— ' Cornbill Magazine' for December. Tub Young Patriot.—" No, Wm. Baker, you cannot have my daughter's hand in mar riage until you are equal in weatb and social position." The speaker was a haughty old man of some sixty years, and the person whom be addressed was a fine-looking young man of twenty-five. With a sad aspect tbe young man withdrew from the stately man sion. Six months later the young man stood in tbe presence of the haughty old man. "What! you here again?" angrily cried the old man. " Ah, old man," proudly ex claimed William Baker, " I am here, your daughter's equal and yours !" The old man's lip curled with scorn. A derisive smile lit up his cold features; when casting violently upon the marble centre table an enormous roll of greenbacks, William Baker cried—" See ! Look on this wealth ; and I've tenfold more ! Listen, old man! You spurned me from your door, but I did not despair. I secured a contract for furnishing tbe army of the with beef—" " Yes, yes!" eagerly ex claimed tbe old man. "And I bought up all the disabled cavalry horses I could find—" "I see! I see!"-cried the old man, "and good beef they make, too." "They do! they do! and the profits are immense"* " I should say so." " And now, sir, I claim your fair daughter's hand," " Boy, she is yours. But hold! Look me in the eye. i Throughout all this have you been loyal ?" " To the core!" cried William Baker. S* And," continued the old man, in a voice husky with emotion, " are you in favour of a ! vigorous prosecution of the war?" "I am, I am!" " Then boy, take ber! Maria, child, come hither. Your William claims thee. Be happy my children ! And, what ever our lot in life may be, let us all support the Government."—* American paper.* Deceiving the Handicaffer.—Now | there are two methods by which the Handi- ; capper is to be deceived. The most obvious one is, in these days, dangerous, as being easy of detection, and visited with condign punishment. An order to pull back a horse —i.e., to " rope" him, or, as in a late sus picious case it was expressed, " to put the strings on"—is seldom resorted to; at all events, it is not the everyday occurrence which the wholesale condemners of the turf are in the habit of representing it to be. This would probably not answer the purpose of blinding the bandicapper, but wouid open tbe eyes of the world 111 a manner unplea santly marked towards the individual who attempted it. The more ordinary, and by far the safer method of proceeding, is this— to run your horse out of condition ; to run I him at a time when, from whatever circum ' stances, he is quite incapable of winning, i Knowing your horse and yourself, of course you will not have backed bim for one shilling; | on the contrary, if thoroughly regardless of your character, you may have safely laid against him. This is done daily, borresco referens, and it is repeated consistently with tbe same horse until tbe private friends of tbe owner ale told that " this is his day," " this is his journey." Need we say that upon this understanding the money is heaped on, a good jockey is put up with a suffi ciently broad hint as to the fact, and " that brute" which has been beaten in half a dozen handicaps when he was not backed, and by repeated failure has reduced his weight to tbe minimum, and the odds against bim to tbe largest on record, canters in a winner with any number of pounds in hand,—' Fraser's Magazine* for December. Modern Economy of Time,—The' Scien tific American* says:—One man can spin ; more cotton-yarn now than four hundred j men could have done in the same time in 176.9, when Arkwright, the best cotton spinner, took out his first patent. One man can make as much flour in a day now as a hundred and fifty could a century ago. One woman can make now as much lace in a day as a hundred women could a hundred years ago. It now requires only as many days to refine sugar as it did months thirty years ago. It once required six months to put quicksilver on a glass; now it needs only forty minutes. The engine of a first-rate iron-clad frigate will perform as much work in a day as forty-two thousand horses. A Cure for Corns.—A piece of bread soaked in vinegar, and applied to a corn on tbe foot, going to bed at night and boand with a piece of oilcloth, will remove a corn in two or three applications. The Chamber of Death.—Perhaps no public man has bad the courage to send to tbe Chamber of Death, as it is called at the * Times" office, and ask the editor to let him have a look at his " Life." Sometimes, however, tbese "Lives" appear before the breath is out of tbe body, as recently occurred in the case of Lord Clyde. The 'Times* takes great care about these matters. Seven years ago a report was brought to the office, at 11 o'clock at night, that Lord John Rus sell was dead. Mr. Walter, who goes to the office much more frequently than is supposed, happened to be there. A consultation im mediately took place with writers and editors, and a gentleman of tact and experience was sent off in tbe middle of tbe night to Chesbnm place, to enquire the truth or falsehood of the report. He soon discovered that it arose out of exaggerated reports of a slight indisposi tion, which had been magnified into the death of tbe noble lord; but, short as was his absence from the office, in the interim ample means bad been taken to meet tbe emergency—the fatal casket had been opened, tbe record of a life which would form in itself no unimportant chapter in tbe history of tbe country, was displayed, and an army of bio graphers, editors, and printers were prepared to raise tbe ghost of tbe departed nobleman, and fixed tbe picture in its frame before tbe morning light dawned upon the sleepers of London. When the messenger returned, and it was found that the intelligence was false, the memoir was re-consigned to its resting place in tbe casket, the Chamber of Death closed, the rejected columns replaced, and tbe world was informed that tbe * Times' was rejoiced to be able to state that tbe rumour of the illness of so distinguished a nobleman was wholly without foundation. A tree has recently been cut down in Cali fornia, the circumference of which was 90 feet and its height 325 feet. Tbe bark was in some places four feet thick. The tree con tained 250,000 feet of solid timber. Its age was 3,100 years. The wood was sound and solid. 