SATURDAY MORNING, FEB. 27, 1801. Tn e debates oil tlie Land Bill have been of a kind to make all sensible men despair of a settlement of the question on rational grounds. The hopes which were raised at the beginning of the session that the members of the Assembly would endeavour to put a restraint upon their wrangling propensi ties, in order that the end of parliament might be peace, have been cruelly dis appointed, for never was there such a Babel—not only of language, but of principles and opinions—as that who h now exists in the house, hvery member seems to Lave lost bis identity, and if the speeches were published without names it would be utterly impossible to apportion them each to its utterer. If the lights were put out in a ball-room, and the guests were to help themselves to their hats and cloaks in the dark, the number of mis fits and grotesque incongruities of attire would not be greater thau the ill assorted apportionment of principles and spouters now nightly to be seen and lieard in parliament during a debate on the Land Bill. There is 110 need for a Victorian Association now-a-days. One volunteer is worth two pressed men, and Dox, Berry, and M'Lellan are working in the cause of the squatters with a zeal unknown to the C.vthies of former da3Ts. A lot of mixed opinions are set up like ninepins and bowled down by their former owners with an impartiality that is refreshing to contem plate. If the spiritualists are right 111 believing that a man's ghost may appear in his lifetime, it is not difficult to con ceive the bewilderment with which a disembodied Wilson* Gray would look upon his former liauuts. There is hardly a man in the house that seems to know where he ought to sit, when he ought to speak, what he ought to say, or which side he should go to on a division. The most remarkable example of all is Mr Duffy, who manifests such a child like simplicity that a by-stauder would be apt to conclude tbat he was there and then brought face to face with the land question for the first time in his life. A or are the members of the ministry any better up in their parts, for they allow themselves to be overruled | on the very points wherein they are in the right, and which they ought to main tain. The jumble of priority and lot in i deciding on the claims of applicants is a type of the jumble of false principle and inexpediency which the measure is likely to become. Such conduct on the part j of the ministers is sufficient to disgust both friends and foes. The abolition of the lottery provided for by the bill in j its original state was one of the desirable features which led us to overlook some of its defects. The beauties of the bill j are but few in number, and two or three | more mistakes on the part of its authors will leave the measure altogether un lovely and undesirable. We are willing to accept a faulty land law because we know that a rational one is unattainable; but as we have one faulty one already, there is no necessity to repeal it unless we can get one a little less faulty. Now we maintain that the ] amendments in the seventeenth clause providing for decisions by lot iu some j cases and by priority in others belong ! to that kind of tinkering which makes | two holes where only one existed before, j AVe preferred the bill as it stood to tbo law as it stands, but we now prefer the law as it stands to the hybrid thing which is put forward with the view of pleasing everybody, but which will satisfy no one. It is very evident that there is a mob of political speculators in the house who will do all in their power to prevent a land bill of any kind from being passed into law during the present session. Their motive is obvious. If the question be not left open during the approaching general election there will be nothing to spout about. If the bill now under discussion were to pass, people would say, " Let it have a trial" The conservative feeling would prevail even among those who have been most clamorous for change. This state of contentment, even though only temporary, would not suit those who live, move, and have their being in commotion. On the other hand, if the amendment of the existing law be staved off so that the agricultural areas may be kept closed for another season, it may reasonably be reckoned that those who have been kept waiting will be so tho roughly enr<Jged that they will raise such a cry as has never before been heard,—a cry that will be taken up by the very men who are nightly throw ing stumbling blocks in the way of realisation of the popular wish—a cry that will bring grist to a very greedy, needy mill, and furnish with board and lodging a very hungry, seedy lot of adventurers. If for nothing else than the discomfiture of these mischief makers, we should like to see the land law put in woiking order before they can have a chance of profiting by the crippled condition in which it now is. 