TOPICS OF THE DAY. A return has been laid before Parliament showing the names, area, and carrying capabilities of all runs paying assessment in the year 1864. The same return also gives the names of the lessees. From this document it appears that the total number of leases now paying assessment is 597, comprising an aggregate area of 22,803 square miles, the carrying capability of -which is estimated at 3,062,195 sheep. Of these leases upwards of 40 comprise email areas, varying from one square mile to 10 square Jmiles; 29 leases comprise tracts of country varying from 100 to 200 square miles ; the remainder of the leases varying from 10 muee to 100, except two leases that include over 200 square miles each, and three that innlnde over 300. Taking the whole of the mileage, and dividing it into the total number of sheep the whole area is estimated to carry, the result is 135 sheep per square mOe, on an average; but thr number per mile of course differs widely'on different runs. yfei beg to. direct attention to the later Amerieai news, which will be found among our telegrams. The hottest day this summer was Saturday, November 19, the thermometer being 161 ? in the eui and 103 ? in the shade. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co, hare received a lettei from Mauritia?, bearing date October IS, and con taining the following information:—" Sugar tnnlmig continues to be carried on with much activity throughout the island. In (lie high districts the canes are yielding tolerably well; but in the low parts and on the coast they are proving even worse than was anticipated, and there seems to be good reason to fear, especially if our rainy season should set in early, that the crop will not much exceed 110,000 tons. Every description of sugar continues in active demand, and prices have somewhat ad vanced. Beally good grocery lands are &r; from plen tiful, and the proportion as yet manufactured is much less than usual; many estates which formerly pro duced them being unable to do so tfais season, in con •eqoonce.it is supposed, of the injury done to the canes by drought, insects, and disease. We quote these descriptions as follow:—Finest white crystals, $7 25a tos77scper 100lbs.; good do., $660 c to $7; ery?tslised yellow, |6 to $6 75a; finest yellow counter. $6 35a to $6 75c; good do, $6 to $6 60c; middling do., $5 75c to $6 25c.; finest yellow eyrup, fS to $6 60a; good do., $5 76a to £6, brown dp., $5 to $5 50. Shipments to the Australian Colonial are going forward on a much larger scale this month than has been the case for sometime past; bat our exports are still much less than those of last season, being, since the crop commenced —say from the Ist August—only 4,055 .tons, while to this date test year tliey were 8,462 ton's. The following vessels have sailed since the Ist inst.:—Taurean, for Port Phillip; Lord Nelson, for Mowton Bay ; Saxonia, for Mel bourne; Emily Smith, for Adelaide; Formosa, for Melbourne; James Pat on, for Port Phillip; Bobett Passenger,for Melbourne; Express, for Adelaide; j Sea Shell, for Adelaide. Vessels loading:—Southern {Cross, for Adelaide; Juretna, for Sydney; ffo jHoang, for Portland and Port Cooper, N.Z.; J Waverley, for Auckland ; Norman, for liauaceston; . Cartero, for Hobart Town. We nave been kindly favored with the following extract from a Mauritius letter received by Mr. T. Graves:—? Mauritius, October IS, 1864.—Every description of sugar continues in active demand, and prices have somewhat advanced. Beally good yellows are manufactured in much less proportions than formerly, many estates being unable to do so this season in consequence (it is supposed) of the injury done to the canes by disease, Ac, in the high dis tricts. The canes are yielding tolerably well, but those near the coast are proving worse than was anticipated. There seems good reason to suppose our crop will not exceed 120,000 tons." A missionary meeting was held on Monday even ing at Pine-street Wesleyan ChapeL The Mayor of Adelaide occupied the chair, and addresses were de livered by various minister*. A report of tbe pro ceedings is elsewhere given. On Monday evening a meeting was held at the Bath Hotel, Norwood, for the purpose of bearing the candidates now in the field for filling the office of Councillor to represent East Norwood Ward in Kensington and Norwood Council. The meeting was advertised at half-past 7, but it was some time past 8 o'clock before the business commenced. The only candidate present was Dr. Ward. A Chairman having been appointed, the meeting was addressed by Dr. Werd, who eaid that if elected he should always advocate that (he laboring man had a lair day's wages for a fair day's work. With regard to a 9d. rate he should be glad to see that rate adopted, bat certainly would never go higher than a Is. rate. He was strongly opposed to the introduc tion of the waterworks into the township, because he thought it would only bene?t a few, and although he ?igned the requisition for the introduction of the police be had einca changed hie mind and would oppose any measure of that kind, and would rather rely upon some system of balloting for a sufficient number of special constables. Dr. Ward conclndcd his address by ex plaining bis views on some other subjects, principally matters of routine about the making and keeping the toads, &c.; Mr. James Coekbum then proposed Dr. Ward as a fit person to represent the ward, particu larly as the present Councilor had created great dis satisfaction during the two years that he had been in the Council, which was now governed by a clique, to the great prejudice of the general interests of the township. Mr. John Cockbnrn seconded the proposi tion, and, as there was no amendment and no oppo sition, Dr. Ward was declared a fit person to repre sent the ward in the Council. In answer lo Mr. James Cockburn, Dr. Ward eaid that he thought it desirable to have a ranger, and he should be inclined to suggest that the present Surveyor should be voted ont of his office of Poundkeeper, and be requested to act as Banger, and that a separate Pound keeper be appointed. In answer to Mr. Phillips, lie said he would, if lie caw a man employed by the Corporation skulking and waiting time, hare him brought before the Council and reprimanded, and, after that, if he was found again skulking, that he should be discharged. He would also endeavor to get the half-yearly balance-sheets printed. Mr. Roberts asked if the men had to work tho same number of honrs as mechanics, would he advocate their wages being 6s. per day? Dr. Ward eaid if the men worked, the same number of hours mechanics and other laborers, that he should vote for them having 6a. svday. Mr. James Cockburn asked if he understood ? Dr. Ward to cay that he would give €j. while other corporate bodies were only giving 6s. a-day ? Dr. Ward said that if the hours were lengthened to the number of hours as mechanics and other laborers ' were at work, he should give the 6*. In fact, he should give 6s. for six shillings' worth of work. A vote of thanks was passed to Dr. Ward for attend ing, and the readiness aud explicit manner in which he had addressed the meeting and answered j questions, after which a vote of thanks was given to the Chairman, and the business closed. A meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. D. Fisher took place at the Kentish Arms, Kent ; Town, on Monday evening, the 21?t instant. Mr. Fisher stated that the object of this meeting, and die two others to be held, was to form a Committee to secure hid return as Mayor, and then to sub divide that Committee. Mr. John Cockburn moved, and Mr. E. Ingrain seconded, that Mr. George Roberts be Chairman of the Committee, which was carried unanimously. Several oilier matters were arranged, and tho meeting, which was private, separated. Sermons in connection with the anniversary of the Hindmarsh-eqoare Congregational Sunday-school were delivered in the church, Hindoiarsh-Bquare, on Sunday, November 21*; that in the morning by the Rev. J. Jefferis; that'in the afternoon by the Bey. J. Maugfaan; and that in the evening by the Rev. F. W. Cox. The collections were not large. The Rev. J. Jofferis delivered a lecture on "Missions in Africa," in the North Adelaide Con gregational Church, on Sunday night, November 20. He explained the various religions which the in habitants of Africa belonged to; and detailed the many efforts that had been and were being made to indoctrinate them with the principles of Christianity. la conclusion he commended the missions in Africa to the sympathies and prayers of his congregation. The first number of the c< Wesleyau Methodist Magazine for South Australia" was published on Friday, November 18, and is very creditably com piled. The introductory article explains the object of the promoters to be " to serve in some humble way the interests of our common Christianity, end of our own beloved Church in particular." There are two or three other articles upon subjects of special interest, and the rest of the magasme is made np of accounts of the bite Jubilee services, the recent District meeting, and other gatherings connected with, the Wesleyanbody. Thenecestityofdeaunffvithsonjuch that has already ao long passed. ?ad which has been extensively olreulated. tbrcr rt gh the medium of the daily press, detracts in some degree from the fresh ness of first number; but succeeding publica tions will not be liable to the same objection—at least not to die same extent. The printer is Mr. A. Waddy, of Mount Barker, and the general typo graphy reflects great credit upon him. We wish the new magazine every success. Wie had an opportunity on Monday of inspecting a sennotype portrait of His Excellency theGovernor in-Chief, just finished by Mr. Duryea, the photo graphic artist. The likeness of His Excellency is admirable, the face is beautifully colored, and the uniform cleverly painted. It is a very successful effort of the art which Mr. Duryea has contributed to bring to its present state of perfection. Messrs. Steele, Leslie, and Taylor will give their entertainment at the Victoria Theatre on Thursday next, and the two following evenings. The pro gramme comprises illustrations of the American war in a panoramic series, music—vocal and instrumental —views of Australian scenery, and conclude with he exhibition of Professor Pepper's celebrated "Ghost," of which so much has been read and spoken. The talents of Mr. Steele both as a per former on the pianoforte and violin alto, and as a singer, are well known to the Adelaide'pubUc, while Mr. Leslie, the inimitable " bones" of the Christy Minstrels, is too great a fcvorite to need the slightest introduction from us. Particulars of their entertain ment appear in another column, and from what we have said they promise well for a treat. The first of a series of musical end histrionic entertainments, which are to be given this week, took place on Monday evening, the 21st instant, at White's Rooms. The audience was tolerably large, and the performances throughout appeared to give general satisfaction. The character of the entertainment was light and popular, the music very good of its class, and the dramatic portion extremely laughable. Several members of Schrader's band performed the overture to Mnrthn, some operatic selections, and some dance music, with their usual spirit and pre cision. Mr. Linly Norman executed a sou on the pianoforte, and Mr. R. B. White another on the violin, both of which were, it is almost needlessto say. well received. The vocalists were Mrs. Wallace, Mrs. Wishart, and Miss Bastard, and their songs were nicely sung, and so much applauded that had it not been for a request in the bills they would probably have been encored. Mr. H. J. Hall delivered Mr. lieslie's clever burlesque lecture on the History of England, and the whole entertainment concluded with the laughable farce of " Box and Cox," in which Mrs. H. J. Ray appeared as Mrs. Bouncer, Mr. Baygas Box, and Mr. Hall as Cox. ? • . ? . 