MIEETING OF THE B.saEnS.-A meeting of the Bakers of HIeathcote was held on Saturday night last, at the Victoria Hotel, for the purpose of considering the necessity of advancing the price of bread in propor tion with the late rise in the price of flour. There were present Messrs. Stephens Lewis, Currie, and Drewitt. A proposition was made for advancing the price of the 41b. loaf from Is. to Is. 2d. A leagthened discussion ensued with regard to the long dozen of 14 supplied to stores and boarding houses, it being the general opinion that the storekeepers ought to be satisfied at the present price of bread, with 13 to the dozen, and in order to keep the price down as much as possible, it was unanimeously re solved, that at the (then) price of flour, thirteen-pence be the price of the fcnr pound loaf, and that no long dozens be given to anyone, except storekeepers, and in no case is more than thirteen to the dozen to be given to them, and in no instance is a dis count to be allowed upon accounts. A faithful observance of the above resolutions, it was argued would give the public the benefit of the reduction in the rate at which the stores have hitherto been supplied; and each one made a verbal declaration that he would strictly and faithfully adhere to the conditions of the resolution. WHATy DOES rr MEAN ?-We should like to be made aware of the exact meaning of the following sentences in the News last week : - " Mortimer received his death summons by a leg trimmer. Conway suc ceeded though not in scoring, for whilst un warily stepping from his wicket to beat down the ground before the ball was dead, he returned to find that Bromley had taken advantage of his absence by removing a shinle from his back premises, which could only be replaced by the presence of Mackin son his successor! The partnership had thus no sooner been dissolved, and resusi tated by the accession of Thornton, than Wills, possibly fearing a chancery suit with his new partner, and eager to join his late one in the pavilion, (cow-shed), retired also from the business after a little disagreable reminder." Have we been honored with a visit from a ghost of an old ring reporter to Bell's Life in London? No WONDER THE BnEAn WAS HEAvTY. Sometime since a miner living at Hleathcote, sent a little boy to one of our stores for a packet of baking powder, the storekeeper understood the child to ask for "baby powder," and he gave the boy a packet of violet powder. The man who was ready to set the sponge on the arrival of the boy, hastily mixed some of the powder with the flour, without looking at the lable. In the morning he found that the dough had not risen, he thought that he had not used enough of the powder so he went into the violet powder heavy, and left the dough till dinner time, with the same result. As he had thoroughly convinced himself that it was not the fault of any deficiency in the quantity of the powder, he thought he would bake it and see if the heat of the oven would bring it up-it was no go. After baking he turned out something in shape and specific gravity very much like a " New castle grindstone !" Our friend called on the storekeeper and told him that his baking powder is awful stuff, when an explanation took place and a resolution was carried, to the effect that no more baking powder (?) be used without an examination of the lable. SmNGLAR DIscovERY.-On Tuesday, the 17th May, as Mr. Newton, a digger, was passing near the Chinese camp, he saw a small box in a hole three feet deep, and took it out. On opening it he discovered some Post Office Orders, and other valuable papers, amongst letters addressed to Messrs Moore, & Co., Storekeepers. Hotook them to MIr. Haston, who identified them as a portion of property stolen from the store. There are circumstances connected with this robbery which lead to the almost certain con clusion that it had been effected by China men. THE REv. E. HUGHE's PATENT.-The furnaces and apparatus for treating the antimony ore, and separating the gold from it, will be completed next week. We hope Mr. Hughes will meet with the success he deserves, and that he will be an exception to the rule that inventors seldom benefit by their own inventions or discoveries, he is. sanguine of success, and the manner in which he is directing the erection of the furnaces,&c.;, clearly points out the fact that his plans were well matured before com mencing. 