MELBOURNE NEWS. . . : ; - (Herald. The Gity Bench were occupied on Thursday, until about half-past one o'clock, in disposing of a very heavy sheet, which included two cases of highway robbery. In the first of these, John Davies, an intelligent looking man of about twenty-five years of age, was committed for trial on a charge of highway robbery under arms, upon William Bateman, a carpenter, living in Pelham- street, Carlton, on the Sydney road, near the Sarah Sands Hotel, on the evening of the 23rd of May. The prosecutor stated that the prisoner, of whose identity he was very positive, presenting a pistol to his head, called upon him to stand and deliver his money, but that after ascertaining he was a poor man, left him without further molestation. In the second case, three men, Alfred Smeadon, George Brusher, and Nicholas Smith, were committed for trial on a charge of robbery with violence upon Charles R. Ridgway, a smith, and William J enkins, a farm labourer, in Stephen-street, at four o'clock on Sunday morning last. On a charge of stealing sacks from his employers, Messrs S- House and Co,, corn merchants, a carter, named William Fisher, was sent to gaol for two months. The Bench, in sentencing the prisoner, took occasion to animadvert upon the conduct of one of the witnesses, Mr Lilburn, a corn dealer in King-street, in buying the sacks from the prisoner. The witness excused himself by explaining the manner in which he came to agree with the prisoner to take the sacks, when the Bench said they did not imagine that he was aware of any irregularity, but they wished to reprehend the practice of buying from ser vants articles of trade used by their employers. Bound to adore.— We are repeatedly told that ' Love laughs at locksmiths.' It is true to a turn, for there are instances on the legal hooks of Cupid not only laughing at the locksmith, but actually taking his pick of all the wards in Chancery. Sensation novels. — The Ghost and How to Lay Him. Published in white sheets and a spirit wrap per in startling raw headitions. Also, The Skeleton Scullery Maid and the Sepulchral Sink. .Mouldie's St Paul's Churchyard, The Mysteries of the Dark Forest ; or, the Bloody Spot upon the Black Hand, By Frightful Horror, Esq. j 