' PARLIAMENTARY PROCEEDINGS. legislative assembly. ' The greater part of the time of the House_of_ Assembly was occupied before the refreshment .on Tuesday with notices_of motion and petitions presented by Hon. Members on- different .sub jects. ' ' - The House then went, into Cqmmibtee oh the Land Bill, when the 10th, 11th, 12th, and 13th clauses were agreed to without discussion. After the 14th clause had been? read, .Mr McGregor; moved that the word seven.ibe inserted, instead of five. A debate ensued,iiu which a number of members from- both ? sides of ? the- House took part ; and when our reporter -left, Mr O'Shanassy was addressing the House ou> the subject.- ! . ' Our Melbourne correspondent writes : — An exciting.fracas took place this afternoon in one-? of ouv principal streets,., betweentwo gentlemen, ;both:well known. The disturbance arose out of some paragraphs which have appeared , in the Aqe and Herald newspapers/in which the' one has been giving the lie -to the other about a letter which Mr Ramsay/ M.L. A., left at the Age office' during last week. The paragraph which appeared iu the . this morning seems to have been rather too much for the sensitive feelings of the Hera W, and conseq uently. Mr Levey , M.L; A., of the Herald, had an interview with Mr Syme, proprietor of th q Aqe, and told him/that be (Mr Levey) would have; to enter an action of libel against him. At this moment-, Mr George Smith, Editor of the A ge; entered the room, and in a jaunty style, took The responsibility of the paragraph on his own shoulders, and told Mr Levey to proceed at his earliest convenience with the action. Mr Levey then returned to the Herald office, and the'' next that was heard of the- affair was that Mr Smith received.. a challenge from Mr. Levey .for ' coffee and hihIAIH' T.. C 1 .. .-.1 M n AV, M >» J 't - yisLuis. jL>xi Oiuiuu. in , jjuuu-puuucu iu. and said he would take the first opportunity -to pull Mr Levey's nose ! Now comes the exciting; bit of the. story. Mr Smith, standing in the most graceful manner possible in the doorway of the Age office, all at once saw Mr Levey coming up the street with a riding whip in his hand ! Now, thought Mr Editor, I shall have him nicely, he's going to hit me with the whip. But much to his disappointment, Mr Levey only landed his fist upon his grinders,: which made an. incision on his lip. ; A scuffle ensued, which lasted some three minutes and a half, when both appeared to have had enoueh. - It was rumoured that a dental operation had- to be performed- on? Mr Smith, but this; it turned 'out, was not the case, the only damage done' being the impres sion of Mr Levey's fist left on-the loweriip of Mr Smith. COMMERCIAL. , The Customs Revenue collected at the Port of Melbourne, on Monday, amounted to£3, 105 :15s lOd. , , < . Messrs Eraser: and Go. : offered, to-day, at their rooms, a quantity of Pa t-na rice, ex various ships, and sold 139 tons, at from £20for inferior to £21 osfor good. Gemmell; McCaul, and Co. sold to-day, at the Australian Wharf, ex Clodian; 60 tons smithy coals at 25s per ton ; also, at St-.Xilda; 30railway ballast trucks (all. faults) at 31s each. Greig and Murray, sold to-day, at their rooms, soda crystals, ,£10 10s per ton ; quart salad oils, 23s to 23s 6d per doz ; herrings, lib tins, 7s 6d to 8s per doz ; do, 21b tins, lis 6d per doz ; salmon, lib; tins, 15s per doz ; Hay ward's half pint sances; 7s 9d to Ss(3d per doz ; sardines, 4 tins, Ss. 74d per doz ; mixed spices, Is od per lb ; mackerel, 8s per kit ; full weight candles (all faults) 9 3-8d to 9 o-8d per lb ; bacon, lid ? per lb ;' Alma pipes, Is 3d per gross ; fancy soap, 74d to 8fd per lb, &c.; Export entries were passed at the Customs on Tuesday for 43,516oz 14dwt of gold, shipped- as follows. 30, 548oz jier Madras, for Galle ; 12,958oz 14dwt per Glendowef, for London ;and lOoz per Kent, for London. Theatre RoxAL.-The entertainment offere at this house by.: Messrs Perring and Francis continues to be unabatedly attractive. Besides the almost.necromantic:feats;with heated metals, the'dissolving. views;: chromatropic effects, to say nothing of the ghost, "an honest ghost, Horatio;" there -is the finale in the side-splitting optical pantomime, which to see is to forget for a time anything but "fuD. If ve may judge the appre ciation of. the audience by their applause, those who were at the Theatre last evening, were highly entertained. ' : \- Interpreters.— His Honour Judge Barry,: m the hearing of a case during the present session of the Circuit Court, commented on the practice of Interpreters furnishing . their own ideas instead of the : ipsissima verba of the wit ness. The interpreter having given the evidence of the witness as to a. certain occurrence haviDg- taken place,on .".the 6thof February," wherfeas the witness was totally ignorant of the English computation of time. ' Parting with an Old Friend. — Mr Padley, merchant, an old resident,- and'ffiighly respected; being about to leave .for England' on a visit, was .invited to meet a number of his friends lest evening at the Castlemaine Hotel. They desired that prior to his departure by the mail steamer, on Thursday, they should have an opportunity of expressing to him the esteem in which he" has been held by the vast circle of friends whoin he has collected around him, by the rectitude of -his" dealings/ and his noted liberality "in busi ness. .The chair was occupied by the -Mayor, the vice chair by Mr Andrews. The Mayor, in appropriate- terms, proposed -the health of the guest, expressed the kindly feelings that were entertained towards him, and wished him a plea sant voyage and a speedy return to his; many friends;.. .: The toast was drunk with enthusiasm: The health of: Mrs Padley and family was pro posed by the vice-Chairman, and received with ; applause. Songs, toasts,- and recitations, fol lowed, and a very enjoyable evening was spent by all present. n v :-7 i; Destructive Fire at Kyneton.— -By. lb e' late train last night we learnt that the Royal Oak Hotel, of which Mr Hargreave is the pro prietor, had been totally consumed by fire. The fire broke out about 8 o'clock. We 1 have 'not heard the origin of the fire. The damage done' is represented as very considerable. Dog Poisoning.— Within the last few days several cases of dog poisoning have occurred on Fryer s Creek. It unfortunately happens that valuable animals have been wantonly destrcyed, while the numberless yelping curs that iufest the place have not had their numbers lessened. It is perfectly natural that, physicians cenerallv should have a greater horror of the sea than anybody else— because they are more likely to see sickness. 