SHAKSPEAELyST ENTEBTAltfMEIirT AT THE PORT. The Port Adelaide Young Men's Association rave an entertainment in aid of the Shakspeare Fond on Tuesday evening, April 26, in St. Paul's Schoolroom. The Bev. C. Marryat took the chair, and there was a crowded attendance. Tbe proceedings were introduced by a prologue, composed for the occasion, and delivered by the Bev. Mr. Green. Mrs. F. B. Jones sang in a very pleasing manner ' Bygone Days,' and the following reci tations were then given:— Hamlet's Address to the Players (act 3. scene 2), Mr. Anthony; Brutus and Cassius (?'Julius Cieaar,' act 4, soene 3), Messrs. Hopkins and lossie; Henry V. to his Soldiers (act 3, scene 1), Mr. Charles Watt; Macbeth's Soliloquy (aot 2, scene l), Mr. Bann. Mrs. F. B. Jones and Mr. J. Bennett sang ' I know a Bank,' after which His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide delivered his promised lecture upon ' Shakspeare ' as follows :— ' It is a remark of our author placed in the month of one of his charac ters, that 'the evil which men do lives after them— the good is oft interred with their bones.' The triumph of genius is manifested in the reversal of this law, and it speaks well, both for our poet and our countrymen, that 300 years have only added freshness to the garland which encircles his brow, and deepened the conviotion among ourselves and foreigners of his snrpasBing' powers as a dramatist and poet. It would seem impertinent to detain you at any length upon the merits of an author with whom we all conceive ourselves to be familiar ; but this very familiarity tends to supersede the careful study of his genius and an exact appreciation of his works. We assume that we know that which we have so often heard, and a critical examination of his works with a view to compare him with the great bards of other timea and other countries ia left rather to the literary Btudent than forming part of the general education of every intelligent English man. My object, then, to-night will be to draw attention to the depth and variety of Shakspeare's genius, or the power of his fancy, bis perception of character, his keen sense of comic drollery as well as tragic power, his power of description or word-painting; and to trace something of his inner man in hia lofty sentiments and the tenderness of his feelings ; above all, in hi? singular and seemingly intuitive knowledge of mankind, and of the great world which he brings upon the stage My work will not be unavailing if it leads you better to discriminate the varied excellencies of that wonderful poet whom we are met to commemorate. Milton has said of him— ' ' Sweetest Shakspeare, Fancy's child, Warbles his native wood- notes wild ;' but he seems equally familiar with courts and camps, the noble and the peasant, the churchman and the lawyer, the Italian and the Moor, the Dane or Gaul, as with his own bluff countryman Harry VIIL, Sir John Falataff, the fiery Hotspur, or that ' sweet wag,* Harry of Monmouth. And this is the more extraordinary, because his early life and education were not not such as to render him familiar with the higher ranks of society or tbe national characteristics of foreigners. Educated where he learnt the rudiments of Latin, the exigencies of trade or the poverty of his means compelled his father to withdraw him even from this souroe of improvement at an early period. He seems to have worked as a woolstapler under his father, and to have married at the early age of 19 his beloved Ann Hathaway, the daughter of a substantial yeoman. Nor was it until he had become too familiar, as it is said, with the deer park of Sir Thomas Lucy that he emerged from that narrow sphere in which Providence had seemed to have cast his lot. Then, seeking the great metropolis, he first became acquainted with the playhouse, of which he was afterwards to be the presiding genius. Perhaps as a means of livelihood he first obtained admission in the then existing company of players; nor does he ever appear to have attained any high distinction in the histrionic art. It is said he enacted the ghost ia Hamlet, but with what success has not been recorded. Here it was, however, that his natural genius for play writing was stimulated into exercise, and was developed into the highest excellence. It has been shrewdly remarked that if he had not studied the ancient authors, neither had he stolen anything from them, and then hia want of learning redounds to the credit of his originality. The play writer in those days does not appear to have enjoyed that considera tion at the hands of the players which is now admitted. Even the great Ben Jonson owed to the friendly interposition o ShakBpeare, his introduction to fame and popularity. To represent a piece offered for their consideration was considered an act of grace and condescension on their part. To this fact may be attributed oc casional patches of dullness introduced by the actors themselves in their several parts. The playhouBe oopy, in terpolated with such additions and stage directions, is the foundation of the plays as they are at present printed. He, himself, never made a collection of his plays, nor corrected them for the press. The greater part was published after his death. On this point he speaks feelingly when he puts in the mouth of Hamlet the following direction: — 'And let those that play your clowns speak no more than is set down for them, for there be of them that will themselves laugh to set on some quantity of barren spectators to laugh too; though in the meantime some necessary question of the play be then to be considered. That's vUlanous, and shows a most pitiful ambition in the fool that uses it.' (Act 3, Scene 2.) The characters of Shakspeare have an individu ality about them which qualifies the remark of Samuel John son—that they represent species. Undoubtedly they are not eccentric and singular in their type, but as no individual of a species, no member of a family, is identical in appearance with another's, so the personality of Shakspeare's imaginary characters is distinguished by their own traits and peculiari ties. Hamlet is not merely a prince, a sonolar, a courtier and aoldier.but standB out on the canvas a figure which we recognise as unlike any. other drawn by any poet in any age. Ophelia, indeed, through the very depth of her affection, may have failed to penetrate the mystery of his partially assumed insanity and bis caustic rudeness ; but the '.watchful sus piciouaness of the King was not lulled into security. ? W hat he spake, tho' it lacked form a little, was not like madness,' remarks the latter to Polonius; 'There's something in hia soul, o'er which his melancholy sits on brood.' Thus it would be impossible not to recognise this creation of Shakspeare's imagination if the royal Dane could once more revisit the glimpses of the moon. As in the case oi Homer's heroes, we recognise each as described to old Priam by tjie fetr. Helen ; %9 we t9m to b« ?quaUy fiunUiW with Iago or Shylock, the noble Othello, the gayMercnHo, or Bprightly Benedict. It is time, however, for me to trace the transcendant merit of our author in the variety of his characters, whether tragic, humorous, or imaginary. A few specimens shall then be given of his descriptive powers, ana, lastly, some traits of his personal character, go fer aa that may be deduced from the sentiments which he haa put in the months of several of his characters. Sir J. Reynolds has painted the Boscius of our stage— Garrick— between the tragic and comic (muses, aa claimed alike by both ; but something in the laughing look of the actor, excusing himself to tragedy for yielding to the fascinations of his merrier sister, typifies to my mind the great dramatist himself as halting between the two, yet evidently entering into 'the 'quipg and cranks and wreathed smiles' of mirthful comedy, with more gusto than when he sups full with horrors in £the darkest of his tragedies. How truly, for example, does his wit, fancy, and invention disport them selves in the character of that gallant gentleman Meroutio, especially when he quizzes his loveaick cousin, Borneo, in the elegant description of Queen Mab, (Borneo and Juliet, act 1, scene 4.) He is not the light fop which a superficial study orcareless comedian would represent. How contemptuously, for example, does he speak of the hot, hasty, bully, Tybalt— 1 Oh, he is the courageous captain of compliments. He fights as you sing prick-song; keeps time, distance, and propor tion ; rests his minim rest, one, two, and the third in your bosom. TbeverybutoherofasUk button, a duellist, a duellist, a gentleman of the very first house— of the first and second cause— cfor which a man is to fight). Ah. the immortal passado ! The panto reserso I the hay (hai them'st got it). ' Why, is not this a lamentable thing, grandsire, that we 8hould be thos afflicted with these strange flies, these fashionmongera, these pardonnez mois. who stand so much on the new form, that they cannot sit at ease on the old bench! O, their ions, their bonsJ' And when he is wounded to death, how playfully does he speak : — ' Ay, ay, a scratch, a scratch; marry 'tis enough; no, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church door ; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve; ask for me to-morrow, and you shall find me a grave man 1' Mercutio is the repre sentation of genteel comedy ; but in Falataff, Dogberry, the gravedigeer. Bottom, the comio drollery of our author runs absolutely riot. Were J, on the other hand, to select the deepest dyed tragic villain my choice would rest upon Iago, and for skilful display of character I should point to that scene in which the archfiend plays upon the fierce instinots of the Moor, awakening, feeding, and maturing that maddening jealousy which leadB so naturally to the tragic end of Desdemona. But how wonderful ia the delicacy and tenderness, yet strength 'of his female characters, which he sets before us in Miranda, Ophelia, [and Desdemona, or in the generous Beatrice, or the aublimer purity of Isabella in 'Measure for Measure.' Whatcan.be more exquisite than, the broken-hearted tenderness of Ophelia, passing over Hamlet's rude taunts upon the frailty of her sex,_ and ;dweUing only on the wreck, as she supposes, of his reason 1 ' O, what a noble mind is here overthrown, &c.; ? And I of ladies most deject and wretched.'— (Ham. iii,) In striking contrast with the womanly tenderness of these and many other characters, let us notice briefly the noble confidence of Beatrice in the innocence of her cousin hero Benedict Benedict—' IsClaudio thine enemy? Beatrice— Is he not approved in the height a villain, that hath slandered, scorned, dishonoured my kinswoman? O, that I were a man! What! bear her in hand until they come to take hands, and then with public accusation uncovered slander, unmitigated rancour— 5), God, that I were a man ! I would eat his heart in the market place. Sweet hero ! She is wronged, ehe is slandered, she is undone!' Still more sublime is the holy indignation with which Isabel spurns from her tbe caitiff and her brother, who would save his miserable life at the coat of dishonour. Claudio— ' Sweet sister, let me Uve !' Isabel— 'O, faithless coward, O dishonest wretch, Wilt thou be made a man out of my vice ? Take my defiance! Die, perish! Mfeht butmy bending down Kepneve thee from thy fate, it should procead. I U pray a thousand prayers for thy death ; No word to save thee ! O fye, fye, f ye.' PaBBing from the region of inventive imagination to that of the purer fancy; in addition to Queen Mab, dwell for a moment on Titania, Puck, Ariel, and hear the latter singing he sweet dirge in the ear of Ferdinand — ' Fall fathoms five thy father lies, Of his bones are coral made. Those are pearls that were bis eyes. Nothing of him that doth fade. But doth suffer a sea change Into something rich and strange ; Sea nymphs hourly ring his knell. Hark! I hear them— ding dong bell.' Or the description of his life— (Act v., scene l), ' Tempest'— 'Where the bee sucks there suck I, In a cowslip's bell I lie, There I couch where owls do cry, On the bat's back I do fly After summer, merrily ! ' Ah, you should all take to know more of this man, who like many others in our favoured country rose from the lower or middle ranks of life to a preeminence, which leaves far behind all the rescources of learning, all the appliances of study, by the mere force of Nature's inborn genius. A few passages, like feathers to show in which direction the wind blew, may serve to indicate the qualities of heart and mind, which formed elements in his characters. How consistent ia it with his passionate love and early marriage, at 19, that he should have delineated the master passion of men's nature with a fidelity and freshness drawn from the dear mirrower of his own soul, and the well spring of his own chaste feelings. 'O bid me leap from off the battlements of yonder tower, I will do it without fear or doubt to live an unstained wife to my sweet love. — (Borneo and Juliet, act 4, scene L) Mark his appreciation of maiden innocence — ' I have marked a thousand blushing apparitions start Into her face ; A thousand innocent charms In angel whitenesBbear away those blushes ; And in her eye there hath appeared a fire. To bum the errors that these princes hold Against her maiden truth.' (Much Ado About Nothing, act 4, scene L) A tin to love is friendship ; and what is the friend our Bard would have chosen ? (Hamlet, act 3, scene 2.) ' Give me that man That is not passion's slave, and I will wear him In my heart's core, aye in my heart of heart.' The tenderness, too, of his sensibility is witnessed by bis devotion to music. (Twelfth Night, act 1, scene l.) ' That strain again, it had a dying fall. O, it came o'er my ear like the sweet south That breathes upon a bank of violets, Stealing and giving odour.' And now a ?word for graver sentiments. Brought up In the reformed faith of the Church of England, he spease of his country thus : — * Famed by their breed, and famous by their birth,' &c.; Or, what can better speak the power of conscience than itichard IJX :— ' My conscience hath a thousand several tongues, and every tongue brings in a several tale, and every tale condemns me for a villain.'— (Bichard IEL, act 5, scene 3 ) Isabel, too, in her brother Claudio's behalfi pleads thus for mercy :— ?Alas, alas! Why all the souls that were forfeit once, And he, that might the vantage beat have took. Found oat the remedy ! How would you be If He, who is the hope of judgment, should Bat judge you as you are ?' (Measure for Measure) Act 2, scene 2).— Not less beautiful is the description of their grace by Portia in the ' Merchant of Venice,' when ahe says ' It is an attribute of God him self. And earthly power doth then show likes t God when mercy seasons justice.' For descriptive power I need hardly suggest passages to you, for, as when extracts from the beauties of shakspeare were once offered to an admirer of the poet, he simply asked where were the rest, so you might justly overwhelm my selection with others not leas beautiful | On the whole, then, Providence has raised up in England a poet who seems, nothing of earth, to have been all but inspired — bo true, so lofty, so varied, so exact in his con ception and delineations, while in the music and dignity of language he rivals if he does not surpass the sweetness or thunder of the Homeric verse. The tragic vein of 2Bschylus and Sophocles, the comic humour of Aristophanes, the ima gination ot Dante, the poetry of Homer — in him all meet and are combined. This varied power in one individual gives him the prominence over all. Nn man ever nml an little to education and so much to Nature as the Bard of Avon, who died at the early age of 53. Not too soon for his own fame, but, unlike his own Prospero, ' His staff was broken, bruised, restored fathoms in the earth, but not deeper than ever plummet sounded' haa his book been drowned. On the contrary it lives more freshly ia our hearts than ever, and wherever the apeech of England shall prevail, there will this great master of it be held in honor.' (Great applause.) The lectnre was divided into two parta, and in the interval Mrs. F. B. Jones sang with great effect—' Her bright smile haunts me still.' The remaining part of the programme was gone through after the close of the lecture :— Brutus's Address to the Bo mans (Julius Capsar, act 3, scene 2), Mr. John Laue ; Mark Anthony's Oration (Julius Caesar, act 3, scene 2), Mr. W. A, Faqualin : Borneo's Speech to Mercutio on Queen Mab and her doings (Borneo and Juliet, act l, scene i), Mr. A. Ful larton ; Epilogue, Mr. John Clark ; Song—' Annie my own Love,' and ' Let me kiss him for hia Mother,' Mtb. F. B. Jones. The recitations of Messrs. Hopkins, Paqualin, and Fullarton were encored, and Mrs. Jones sang magnificently and was frequently recalled. The .whole affair was a com plete success. 