MISCELLANEOUS. The bellman of Watertown, in an nouncing a temperance meeting, said it would be addressed by six women, "who had never spoken before." There is only one "mail contract" (says a young lady) that she would care about embracing, or embarking in, and that is a promise of marriage. " Nonchalant" means that peculiar in different look which is put on by men "who never pay when dunned for money." it should ba written non shellc out. Mazarin presented a poet to Louis XIV., saving, " Sire, I present you with an in dividual who will give you immortality; bat you must, meanwhile, give him some thing to live upon. A young lady, walking with a gentle man, stumbled, and when her companion, to prevent her fall, grasped her hand some what tightly, she simpered, " Oh, sir, if it comes to that, you must ask my papa." Ao English tourist visited Arran, and, being a keen discipIe of Isaak Walton, was arranging to have a day's good sport. Being told that the cleg, or horse-fly, would suit his purpose admirably for tackle, he addressed himself to Christy, the Highland servant girl:-" I say, my girl, can you get me some horse-flies ?" Christy looked stupid, and he repeated his question. Finding that she did not yet comprehend him, he exclaimed, " Why, girl, did you never see a horse- fl v 2" " aa, slr," said the simple girl, " Out a was wanse saw a coo jump ower a preshi pice." STRANGE SUPERSTITrr;.-At Abbots ford a little child's cradle is shown, not as belonging to the great poet, but as being actually Sir Walter's cot! (Scott.) PULLING UP THE RIVER.-A feeble looking waterman was, a few days ago, summoned for doing damage to the river Thames. It was proved that he had twice attempted to pull up the stream. DEATh.-"You look like death on a pale horse," said Jim to a toper, who was growing p:le andl emaciatedl. "Don't know nothing about that," - replied the toper, " hut I'm dead on pale brandy." GOING A GREAT WAY.-A.n unman nerly w?g being asked by the landlady of his boarding-house why, being so tall a man, he ate so little, he replied, " Madam, a little goes a great way with me." Arnoclous.-A farmer, who occasion ally accommodated a neighboour with a flitch of bacon at the killing season, being aIpplied to as usual, replied, " I hanna' yet made up my mind whether I shall kill my self this year, or take a side of my father." SUGGESTIVE.-A poet was walking with Talleyrandrl in the street, and at the same time reciting some of his own verses. 'alineyr.nd, perceiving at a short distunce a man yawning, pointed h.k, ounr to his friend, saying, " Not so loud-he hears you." PoLIsnIuo.--A person in public cons pany, accusing the Irish nation with being tha most unpolished in the world, was mildly answered by an Irish gentleman, " That it ought to be otherwise, for the Irish met with hard rubs enough to polish any nation upon earth." Foa THE LADIES.-WTe fouad the other day in an old and rare book, a mention of the the first use of rouge, which, 1y this account, seems to have been somewhat perverted from its original purpose. It was f "worn by the Roman generals in their triumphs, that they might seemn to blush continually at their own ptraises. GnosT AGGAi.-A philosophic and self-possessed shie-captain was passing through a churchyard at midnight, when a sheeted ghost rose up behind a tomb stone, and approached him with menacing gestures. The ancient mariner coolly raised his stick and gave him a crack over the head, asking himn " what he meant by being out of his gravo at so late an hour ?" DRESSINGo THIE WIs?Daw.-PAaI (the leteran Slhopl-walker)-" Now then, Mir. Russell, what have we got to put in the window ?" MJr. Russell-" Well, Sir, there's some Reform checks, American neutral tints, Foreign ties, Berlin worsted, Eider quiltings, Russian towelling, French Jesigns, Lots of remnantsJ, and any quantity of red tape."-Punch. 