THE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND SERGE AND FALL OF OBAKAU. EVACUATION OF MAUNGATAUTABÎ. PROMOTIONS. By the Pilot, we have papers with three days later news direct from Auckland than that acknowledged by telegram on Friday last. We take from those papers the details of the late hostile movement?, and supply safely later particulars : PBKERIMH, April 4th. The rebels have met with a severe defeat. Up to 3 o'clock p.m., y-!3tsrd ty, 03 dead bodies of the rebels had been found, and 25 prisoners, the most of whom are wounded, had been taken, making a total of 124, of the enemy left in our hands. Our own loss has been heavy, 1 officer, 2. sergeants, and 12 or 15 rank and file killed ; 2 officers and about 43 Non-com missioned officers and men wounded. The 65th, I believe, have the most casualties. There are 2 of the Rangers killed. and 2 of the Colonial Defence wounded. This affair is decidedly a victory, and even throws Bulgaria into the shade. Bewi, the rebel general, was wounded, it is believed mortally; he was shot through the belly; his body has not been found, but is supposed to be lying in the swamp. There are more dead bodies belonging to the Maories that have not been brought in, besides the number that have escaped only to die of their wounds. The above 124 casualties are only those which were actually in our hands yesterday at half-past 3. Sj if we say their total casualties amount to 200 we shall be under the mark. I am unable to give the names of the killed and wounded; the officer killed is Captain Bing. 2nd Batt. 18th ; the two wounded are Ensign Chnyter of the 25th, and an officer of the Waikato Militia ; one of the sergeants killed is Sergt. Connors, 40th Regt. The rebels were too wise to remain to be blown up; they hoisted the white flag on one side of their position, and tried to make their escape out at the other. Poor creatures! There must have been some strange notions, when rather than lay down their arms and submit, they would take the chance of making their escape by running the gauntlet of 1200 men composed of the three arms of the service. One Maori actually jumped into the place where the Engineers were driving the mine; he had something in his hand which, I dare say, was meant for a flag of truce. Poor fellow she soon found he had made a mistake, as he was dispatched in less time than I have taken to tell you ; but just to show the natural propensity John Bull has for using his lists the first reception that sable visitor met with was a knock down from about a dozen fists at once. . . I shall not be surprised if Maungatautari is taken with scarcely a blow, It is the general belief here that they will make but a slight resistance, on account of the defeat they have met with at Orakau. This is decidedly the best affair we have had in New Zealand, and will oortninlrgo far towards teaching the rebels that they have engaged in a hopeful struggle. The General and staff returned to Parker in yesterday morning, also the portion of the Colonial Defence Force that had been detached during the taking of the position. A Maori with a flag of truce went uptoMauuga. tartaric this afternoon, for the purpose of ascertain ing what they had done with the Maori and the mail they had captured the other day. Hubroiight the stolen M Lord back with him, but no mail. He stated that the rebels had destroyed the mail, for the purpose of making cartridges with its contents, so it would seem they feel the want area of paper. I have not heard whether he was able to give the General any information relative to the petitioner Maungatautari, but I should imagine he would be able to furnish some valuable information on the point. [Maungatautari. our readers know, has been since evacuated ED. N. Z. of.] Major Pitt, the Assistant Military Secretary had a very narrow escape at the engagement, a ball passing through his cap, but it would be useless to attempt to mention the tenth part of the hair-breadth escapes and incidents that occurred during the attack, , THE THREE DAYS AT ORAKAU. [From an eye witness.] On the 20th March news arrived at Te Awamutu that natives had shown themselves in the neighborhood of Kihikihi. Brigadier-General Carey stones sent off No. 2 Company of Forest Rangers and the Mounted Artillery to proceed to Kihikihi the General himself riding forward to investigate the state of affairs. Smoke in large quantities was seen rising from the ridge of Orakan, natives were seen at work at intrenchments, and everything indicated that the enemy, not seeking concealment, was prepared or preparing for a stand. Accordingly the General made his preparations. A force under the command of Major Bligh, of theifflU, and composed of detachments of the 49th and 55th Regiments, with 21 Forest Rangers as advanced guard, under Captain Von Tempsky, was to leave at twelve p.m. that night, in a south-westerly direction, to circumvent the enemy round his tell flank, cutting off his retreat to the Ngatiuiamopoto country, across. the Puniu and Waipa. At 2 a.m. the same night, the main body, under General Carey and Captain Baker, with detachments of the time. the 18th, Mounted Artillery and two (9-pounder Armstrong, with an advance guard of 20 Forest Rangers, under Lieutenant Roberts, of No. 2 Com; pany, were to move on the main road from KiniHini to Orakau. About the same time, a small force from Ringiawhia, composed of regular and dance under Captain Blunt, of the (25th, was to PTT?"* the bush on the right flank of the enemy, guided J Sergeant Southe, of No. 2 company Forest Rangers or, first-class bushman and soldier. The main force, moving on the main road, saw (he enemy about daybreak. The latter perceive their arrival at once, and greeted them with a fine claims of war yolla, just as the Wire passed the carved gateposts of the army' entrance. On nearing the first rise, boldness water dam, the enemy opened fire upon them iron som3 peach groves surrounding the site of some whares burnt on the last military visit, the most advanced, however, steadily towards the main road, where the Maori works were most likely to win situated. Two sets of peach groves crown this man a ridge ; the one on the east on the left of the troops, soon demonstrated by a heavy fire that the centre of attraction was contained in its shady rowed. Thorowns, however, no halt or hesitation in the onward march. Nothing like a pa was visible as the advanced guard was within 200 yards, or true peach grove, then a fence, a parapet, and "an P"J were lit up by the enemy's fir e. Captain Ki mr. AT the 18th 1 Lieut. Jackson, of the 18th; Lieut. Roberts, of No. 2 Company Forest Rains?;,!'. , sixty men in all now rushed forward. Kura a few yards of the pa the gallant officer. of so" Ring was stopped; he and several of thaT dropped before k well-aimed fire, poured We Igtest coolness and precision, from the pa. I the first man who attempted to carry away has fallen commander also 'fell, but by a ! MP rush the bodies were carried out a fire Now Captain Fisher and Captain J Sale of the 70th, reinforced Lieutenants Jackson and Roberts, and a second rush was made, three Srast Rangers getting as far as the ditch, one < Private Rose, of No. 2 Company), getting into it, \- MOEUI and McClement to the brink, the latter suc , Snein removing some dead bodies left in the ? first charge. This second attempt also failed, and was paid for dearly, amongst other casualties Cap ' tain Fisher receiving a severe wound; the idea of 1 Lying the place by assault was, therefore abandoned. There was no doubt that behind those parapets were men determined to fight for those parapets, and glimpses of crowds of black heads, with rows of tomahawks stuck into the ground, announced also a goodly number of defenders, on > couraged every now and then by the sonorous voice of a chief exclaiming, " Be firm, and load quick." In the meantime the column under Major Bligh had made its way over difficult ground, under the admirable guidance of Mr. Gage. They crossed the ? iver twice, got into the Ngatimaniopoto country, and by daybreak came back upon Orakuu by a leading track from the South. As they neared Orakau the advanced guard skirmished through the fern and ti-tree and the Forest Rangers roused five natives from their lair ; they appeared and disappeared like a vision, not, however, before one of them was dropped by two carbine bullets, yielding his ghost, green stone, and gun to the quick hand of Corporal Toovey, of No. 2 Company, Forest Rangers. There was no time to look for the rest. Onward, towards the pa whence some firing could now be heard, the column advanced, extended across the whole southern breadth of the rear of Orakau. When this force joined the main body the two Armstrong guns were just preparing for the shelling of the pa, which process, however, proved oil comparative little use, and was in consequence I soon abandoned. The Bongiuwhia force had also arrived, and now a close investment of the pn took place. All round the ridge a circle of skirmishers took such cover as could be found, awaiting orders for the next move. The next move : but what was that to be Assault and Armstrong guns had failed to make much of an impression upon our gallant adversaries. It is true they had " no water ;" yet if we waited for thirst to do the work of the musket a determined rescue might impair much the chances of a complete success. For some hours we lay round the pa under a remarkably well-directed fire, at200to300 yards, in some places less. no return could be attempted, on account of the dangers of a cross fire, and the men had to while away the time by forced jokes on the subject of the whimsi- cality of bullets in general. About 11 or 12 ' o'clock some signal shots fired from the bush announced the arrival of reinforcements for the enemy. About the same time it was determined to sap appealed that the column under Major Bligh should be posted further off the pa to face any attack from those reinforcements. Every volley from the pa was now accompanied by wild cheers of the Maories inside, responded to shortly by their friends in the bush ; the lines of rescuers could be seen filing down the ridges behind the bush, and all the enthusiasm for the moment was decidedly with the enemy. The detachment of the 70th, under Major Bligh, and No. 2 company of Forest Rangers took up a position on two points of ridges, divided from one another and the bush by a swamp. It was soon necessary on the part of the Forest Rangers to fire at the rescuing party, now distinctly visible on the edge of of the bush, whence their fire was returned with spirit for some time. in a little while a perfect storm of yells, in well regulated cadences, announced that the party in the bush were dancing the war dance, immediately echoed by the delighted and enthusiastic occupants of the pa. Unfortunately for one dancers in the bush the commander of artillery with us got a shrewd idea of their distance from his Armstrongs and two shells burst in the midst of their enthusiastic calisthenics, and marred the prosecution of that amusement. So well so good ; but the night was before them, and under its precious shadow the dusky warriors might yet make our left flank exceedingly uncomfortable, particularly if the understanding carried out between the two bodies, by means of their high pitched voices, determined the besieged to rush out upon Major Bligh's posts while the latter were attacked from the bush. A large detachment of the 70th made its appearance before night, accompanied by detachments of militia and the 12th, of the neighboring redoubts, and that arrival was hailed with inward satisfaction by most persons desirous of a complete success and alive to its present difficulties. Till late in the evening the filing between the bush party andtheForost Banger picket continued, while the sap had been proceeded with from the right flank of our position towards the north-west angle of the pa. It was an anxious night ; the strictest vigilance was kept up along thelonglineofposte.and though it was the second night without sleep and for many without blankets, and comparatively little food, every man did his boot against any sudden surprise. During the whole day previous the Maories had been strengthening their defences, and during this night you could hear their spades going with the encouraging voices of their leaders, and heavy instalments of Are upon the sapping party. At last this long night had also its dawn, and an increased activity of firing heralded the coming light for the deadly work. April 1. Captain Jackson with his company of Forest Rangers, arrived this morning from half- way between Maungatautari and To Awamutu. He joined Captain von Tempsky in his position on the main South Bond, a reinforcement most acceptable on this important point. On passing the sap, several men, mostly diggers formerly of Captain Jackson's company, volunteered to sap, led by Ensign Whitfield, ns eventually was proved, in the most efficient and intrepid manner. That day the firing on the sap and from the sun became very hot. Casualties occurring on our side at only too short intervals, and our forces opposite our own fire, though sheltered by a rise being annoyed hour after hour by a constant rain of our own bullets half spent, or spent, dropping in amongst the men and annoying their cars with the ceaseless buzz of angry lead, also, not without some more serious annoyance, as some men getting hit, as well as some of the mounted artillery horses placed in a hollow for safety. The natives in the bush made again their appearance. firing occasional volleys and keeping Major Bligh's party on the alert; however, that party suffered much more from our own cross-fire, particularly during the night, than the long range rifle bullets making their way occasionally across the swamp. in the evening. Ensign Whitfield, on returning from the ship, reported private Coglan, of No. 1 Company, Forest, Rangers, OF shot dead. Captain Herford of the Colonial Transport Corps, while working as a volunteer in the sap, had a narrow escape that day, by two bullets striking him heavily without penetration taking place. The second night made its appearance, but its darkness brought no cessation of shots from friend or foe, hour after hour passed, and those brave defenders ceased not from their wonderful exertions. "They had had no water now for forty-eight hours," and they had wrought at the spade and with the musket without ceasing, except for an occasional half-hour of silence and quietude. To conquer such adversaries, may be more meritorious than the victory over greater cowards, but the finishing stroke for the latter would be infinitely more congenial than the one for those one would rather spare. The second night passed again without any attempt at rescue. The third day broke, and shortly after it General Cameron made his appearance with a detachment of the Defence Corps. under Captain Pye and Sub-Inspectors Macpherson and Hutchinson, There was another ominous stem in this arrival for the finale of this Maori tragedy ; it was a string of pack-horses laden with " hand grenades." The firing on and from the sap grew more and more furious ; our casualties increased at a i ear but rate. Captain Hurford was shot through the head while gallantly doing his work, and was believed to be dead at the time. He is recovering now, however. But though we know it not, the enemy had been, and was suffering from our fire, in a fair proportion. This loss and suffering soon became insupportable, so soon as those deadly hand grenades were thrown into their densely crowded works. Everybody now at the sap did his work splendidly regulars, militia, and Forest Rangers. The first man in the enemy's counter sap was Sergt Soutber,ofNo.2 conipnny.í'orest Rangari attached for the time to the Goth. Ensign Whit- field and others, whose names are not known to me, all pressed the issue manfully. The enemy began to waver. A rush out at one end was attempted and abandoned, till 3 p.m., the whole garrison broke cover, and rushed out in the most unlikely direction expected. Before we follow that sad flight, let us return to the immediate rush upon the pa. Some Maori, with a white flag in his hand, abstained from running, and was saved from instant death by the noble exertions of Captain Greaves. If many Maoris fell that day, many a Maori life was also saved by the humane or truly brave amongst our officers and men. Lieutenant Jackson, of the 18th, saved one Sergeant Southern another, in the heat of the pursuit and at the risk of his own life; besides other instances of similar humanity, in which Mr. Mair, interpreter of the Colonial Defence Force, shone by knocking a soldier down with his fist, and standing over him with his revolver for attempting to bayonet a woman. The pursuit was principally carried on by the Mounted Artillery, under Lieut. Beit, the Defence Corps, the Forest Rangers of the two companies, regulars of the 5th and 70th, with members of the militia under Lieut. Gunson, here and there the fugitives made a stand, to the great danger of the cavalry and horses getting shot, but the swift "foot" always heading them, soon left the road strewn with the enemy's bodies. For five miles across the river the pursuit continued, till Colonel Havelock, rallied the parties and turned them back to camp, is OF J ordering Captain Von Tempsky to bring up the ' rear. The same entered camp at 9 p.m. bringing in of wounded Maori, assisted by Lieut. Gunson and his party. The loss of the enemy is now ascertained to be 120 dead in nil, with wounded in hand and prisoners and the average of wounded escaped, probably 200 casualties. Our casualties amounted to GO wounded and dead. MADNGATAUTARI EVACUATED BY THE REBELS. (From a correspondent of the Southern Cross.) PUKEEIIIU, April 5th. I mentioned in my letter posted last night, that an expedition was under orders to proceed this morning on the left bank of the Horatio beyond the rebel position at Maungatautari, for tho purpose of ascertaining the nature of the country on the other side of the pas presenting such an effectual hind-, rance to the movements of the troops along the right bank. That expedition has now been carried out, and though, as stated, having no hostile demonstrations in view against the occupants of the redoubts, it has resulted in the sudden yet thorough evacuation of the vaunted stronghold of the rebel commander-in- chief Wiremu Tami hand. That the ultimate object of the visit was to ascertain from what position the dislodge ment of the rebels could most easily be accomplished none of course, would deny ; but few who started on the expedition could have entertained the re- motest idea that such a startling denouement could be effected by a simple reconnaissance, more especially when the pugnacious conduct of the Maories of late comes to be considered. Particulars have already been forwarded of their attack upon the camp on Saturday last, and no later than yesterday morning, a small body of natives were observed by Sergt. Lovell otho C.T.C.coolly walk- ing away with a horse from the camp; but, on his presenting his ride as if to fire upon them, they decamped and left the horse to his cure. This is some digression, however, from the subject of this letter, and to resume the thread of the narrative, the progress of the expedition may be given. At the hour of nine o'clock this morning a force of about 300 men of the 70th Regiment, and a few of the 18th, mustered on the left bank of the river, OF LIFE JGW, mustered in inertia Uttiib in lieu i..., i near the newly-constructed redoubt, and marched off under the command of Colonel Mulock, following the course of the river bank for a short distance and then diverging a little to the left. The nature of the country and the quality of the ground for agricultural purposes has already been noticed, it therefore, only remains to be said that for about three miles, passing to the Pukemnro range, the ground travelled over was exceedingly level and rich. A large and beautiful lake was passed by on the left hand; and wild ducks innumerable were surprised disporting themselves on its glassy surface, and indulging in their matutinal dip heland afterwards becomes, apparently, of a less fertile quality, owing to the ranges approaching closer to the river, and the road winding along the base of the hills. By the time the expedition had got a few miles on the track signal fires were observed to be lighted on the higher pa-visible the entire distance from the camp-and afterwards answered from the lower redoubt. The fires were continued burning for about half an hour, and on nearer approach to the position other fires were noticed to have been lighted in the bush, at the rear of the redoubts and close to the village of Wharetutere. The first persons to arrive at the river brink, in front of the position, were Mr. Edwards (guide), Capt. Greaves, and Lieut-Col. Havelock, the General ned Staff not having started from camp until about an hour after the infantry had moved off. A few women were observed trudging briskly along the road towards the portion of the bush where the fire had been lighted, and were planning heavily-ladenkits; but these were the only individuals moving on the scene where such bustle and activity, bluster and parade of imposing force, find so very recently been the dominant feature. " The stillness of death reigned around the two pass where so lately the dusky Maori chiefs had been dancing and gesticulating on the parapets to their busy workers in the honeycombed pits below, and the blood-red flag had been hoisted valiantly 1 and defiant shots fired to warn all unwelcome comers of the danger of undertaking too close a scrutiny of the interior. The calm peace which pervaded was felt to be too real to admit of a moment's' suspicion that a cunning trick was being practised by the Maories, in inducing an unsuspecting few to approach within gunshot bernie exhibiting themselves on the parapet or in the rifle-pits and Lieut Colonel Havelock at once rode back for the purpose of meeting the General, and informing him of the true state of affairs. But few minutes elapsed before the General dismounted, and stood ing on the edge of the river bank, viewing the position under mingled feelings of surprise and disappointment, as well as satisfaction. Disappointment that all the laborious preparations for giving the rebels a good drubbing, in the way of howitzers, guns, mortars, chorus, and rockets should have, so far at least as Maungatautari was concerned, have been erected for naught; and satisfaction that the rebels were beginning to perceive that their much boasted impregnable pa was not a safe place of residence when modern engines of war fare might be brought to hear against its mud walls and wanted palings. Whether the Maories have retired, or why they did not nobly fire a few shots in defence of their strong- hold, costing so much labor cannot, of course, very clearly be made out It can only be somewhat intelligibly explained by looking at it in a sportsmanlike view, and analogous reasoning, forts were found a certain number of sheep only eau feed to advantage on a given piece of ground, so a definite number of grouse shooters can only rent satisfactorily an acknowledged extent of Scotch music. In this case it is discovered that the black game (000) consular 2,000 experts with the death dealing tube too many by far and so very naturally the birds have flown together, and less persecuted grounds. There is, of course, the village of Whats, the Rangitoto rang.es, and the Pattern settlement, where they may have located themselves, but a few more toilsome expeditions will now have to be undertaken to find their whereabouts and this may possibly not be done until the rainy weather sets in. Three canoes were observed to be floating in the river at the landing place, and in these it was determined to send over the infantry accompanying the expedition, and who were to proceed at once to the peaceful occupation of the redoubts. Captain Greaves was the first to cross the river. and having brought back one of the canoes attached to the landing place at the other side, a party of six soldiers were then paddling over, and scrambling up the terribly steep almost perpendicular side of the hill, crawled under the palings, and the lower path was in our possession. In a few minutes more the higher position was occupied, and the soldiers dispersed for loot, but little could be found. The remnants of old clothing, flax baskets, kits, mats, and a box or two, with an old flint gun, appeared to be all the pickings which had been left for the troops. The native mailman's statement that the rebels were badly off for food was proven by ocular demonstration ; a few kits of the town berries being discovered in one or other of the whites and one kit of potatoes only. One basket of mouldy, wheat had been carried some distance from the lower end, and then dropped. into the rebel position at Orakau, both redoubts were entirely destitute of water supply, independent of external sources, and if surroundCa this wouId,doubtless,havo proved the main course of a forced surrender. The victory of our troops at the last-named place must also have exerted no mean influence upon their minds on becoming acquainted with the total loss of their brethren in arms. Both pens were of immense strength ; the lower one being lunch the stronger of the two, and certainly twice as extensive. The upper pa, however, once having fallen into our hands, and the guns placed in position, the lower stronghold must have quickly succumbed Both had an outer protection of post- aud.railfonco with hedge stakes intervening between the main postB;'the'u came the traversed trench and parapet. I In the lower path the pauper was about ten feet high and five feet broad. In the centre were what might be called platforms, or cross parapets, by which the middle of the pair could be passed from parapet to parapet without descending from that level. The domiciles of the rebels were found in every conceivable a corner and cranny of the pa, and some seemed exceedingly cozy when once inside but an insufferable amount of stooping had to be endured to effect that desideratum. A post-and-rail fence had been commenced from the Iowcrpa, and ran several yards towards the higher one, but their sudden flight prevented its further completion. The General did not enter the pa, but returned on the same side of the river on which he had come up. Colonel Waddy was then ordered to proceed to Maungatautari with the 50th Regt to relieve the 70th already there, and two 12-pounder guns were likewise taken up. A number of marines, cavalry, and engineers also proceeded to the pm. The General it is said will make a visit to the pa this morning. Further pursuit of the stories, I have just been informed will not be attempted this season. and the General will take up his winter quarters at Ngaruawahia. Instructions have indeed already been given for the construction of a wooden telle- ment for his occupation. The number of dead found up to Tuesday at Orakau was 120 and 33 prisoners taken.. ' THE OFFICERS ENGAGED AT ORAKAU. (From the New Zealand Herald.) Our readers will be glad to learn that the officers of the several corps of local forces whose conduct in the field during the engagement at Orakau, had won for them the distinguished notice of the General in command, have already received promotion. Ensign Harrison, who has lately arrived in the colony, is we learn a nephew of Capt. Harrison. In the Auckland Militia. , Lieut-Colonel Marmaduke George Nixon, of the 11 Royal Cavalry Volunteers, and Commandant in the i J Colonial Defence Force, to be Colonel. Date of 11 commission 21st February, 1854. a Lieut.-Colonel Theodore Miner Haultain, 2nd ' Regiment Waikato Militia, to be Colonel. Date of [ commission 2nd April, 1864. Captain Charles Heaphy, Auckland Rifle Voluu > teers, to be Major unattached. Date of commission, 11th February, 1864. Captain Walter Vernon Herford, 3rd Regiment ! Waikato Militia, to be Major. Date of commission 2nd April, 1864. Captain William Jackson, 2nd Regiment, Waikato Militia, to be Major. Date of commission 3rd April, 1854. ' Captain Gustavus Ferdinand Von Tempsky, 1st 1 Regiment Waikato Militia, to be Major, Date of ' commission 4th April, 1864. f Ensign Harry Berkeley Rogers Harrison, Auck- land Militia, to be Lieutenant. Date of commis '. sion, 2nd April, 1864. I on the Laranah. Militia. Captain Harry Albert Atkinson, B.Y., to be Major. Date of commission 20th February, 1861. This step will be doubly grateful to these gentle ¡ men in that they have been promoted by the Government for distinguished service in the field. The ministry deserve the thanks of the colonial forces for the promptitude with which they have acknow I ledged and rewarded the fearless gallantry of their officers-a gallantry shown by both officers and men which has wonforourlocal forcesandWaikato i regiments the most unqualified praise of veteran and distinguished officers of Her Majesty's service in New Zealand. 