DIARIES OF A LADY OF QUALITY, FROM 1797 TO 1844. -. THE DEAD ALIVE. LONDON, March 17th, 1863. We passed the evening with the Grimstones, talking about the Duke of Bridgewater, who, it was then thought, might very possibly be brought to life again, though he had been dead above a week. They told me the following extraordinary story : Many years ago, a Mrs. Killigrew was supposed to have been dead above a week ; when she was to be put into her coffin, her body was so swelled that it was found impossible to get hot diamond hoop ring off ยก without cutting the finger ; this her husband would I not consent to accordingly she WIS buried with the ling. The sexton, who had observed this determined to steal the ring that night. Having forced open the coffin, he proceeded to cut off the finger, but the first gash off the knife brought Mrs. KUligre* to life again. The sexton, frightened, ran away, leaving his lanthorn, which she immediately took, and walked to her own house. There her appearance, of course, created great consternation among the servants ; no one would venture to open the door ; fortunately the rumour reached the ears of her disconsolate husband, who went directly to receive her. After this event she lived ten years, and in the course of that time had two children. A maid who belonged to Mrs. Killigrew, after her death lived with Mrs. Walters, grandmother to the Grimstone ; from her they had this story. THE WYNYARD GHOST STORY.s ( Buxton, October 16th, 1803-4 returned from Blithfield The night before my departure, the conversation happening to turn on ghost stories, Lord Bagot mentioned the following, as being very curious from its uncommon authenticity. During the American war, Major Wynyard (who afterwards married Lady Matilda West), General Ludlow, and Colonel Clinton, were dining together in a mess-room at New York. In this room there were but two doors, one of which led to a staircase, and the other to a small closet, or rather press, without either door or window. A man entered at the door, when General Ludlow, the only one of the gentlemen whose head was turned to the door, exclaimed, " Good God, Harry ! what can have brought you here ? The figure only waved its hand and said nothing. At his friend's exclamation Major Wynyard turned round, and his astonishment at seeing a brother whom he had left in England was so great, that he was unable to speak. The figure stalked once round the table, and then disappeared through the closet door, pulling it after him, without fastening it. One of the gentlemen rose immediately to open the door, but the figure was already vanished, and no trace of any mode of egress was found in the closet. Colonel Clinton, who had never seen Mr. H. Wynyard, and was less heated than his friends, proposed that they should mark both the day and hour on which they had seen this strange apparition, believing that they should never hear of it again, but at the same time thinking it might be a satisfaction to know the precise time of so extraordinary an occurrence. The next mails which came from Bag- , land brought news of the death of Mr. Henry Wynyard, which had taken place at the same hour, two days after that on which his brother had seen the figure. Some years after this, as Colonel Clinton and General Ludlow were walking together in London, Colonel Clinton exclaimed, "There is the figure which we saw in America." General Ludlow turned round, and saw a man (whose name Lord Bagot bad forgot) so famous for being so like Mr. H. Wynyard, that he was perpetually mistaken for him. This man never had been in America. All these facts were told to Lord Bagot by Colonel Wynyard, in the presence of either one or both of the gentlemen who were with him at the time that this extraordinary adventure happened. Another curious fact I heard at Blitbficld. The Bishop of Carlisle told Lord Bagot that, in examining the papers of the late Duke of Bridgewater, in the midst of some useless papers which they were burn- ing, they found two original warrants signed by Queen Elizabeth, one for the execution of the Duke of Norfolk, the other for that of Essex. Both warrants bear , exactly the same date. Norfolk's is signed in a fine strong hand; that of Eseexinone so trembling, that it is hardly legible: At Blithfield is preserved the cap which Charles I was on the day of his execution, and which he sent t of Colonel Salusbury, an ancestor of the Bagota. The c ap is made of crimson satin, richly embroidered with gold and silver. I saw likewise a letter from Charles to Colonel Salusbury. It is published by Pennant, > , but he does not mention where the original is to be found. THE INNOCENT CONVICT. ( , November 18th, 1863. We left Buxton in the midst of a deep snow, and after a very cold and wretched journey arrived at Elton's the next day. During the time we were there, I heard the. following story, which appeared to me very interesting: Some years ago some passengers in a vessel bound for Botany Bay were very much struck by the ap, " pearance of a female convict who was on board. She was a very beautiful woman, and appeared to be only eighteen or nineteen ; her elegant manners were as striking as the beauty of her person. To these charms she added one still more powerful great modesty and strict pro prie y of deportment. It was this quality, so extraordinary in this most abject situation, which first; called forth the attention of her superiors. The caps tain of the vessel was requested to examine the register which was sent with every convict, detailing their offence and their sentence, and inform the passengers what had been the crime of a creature who appeared SO lovely. He found that her name was Mary Green, and that she had been convicted on the clearest evidence of stealing a card of lace from a shop in Oxford-street. During a long passage her continued good conduct gained him so much respect that a maid-servant belonging to one of the officers having fallen sick on board, his wife took Mary Green to supply her place!; she found very soon that she had gained by the change ; the more she saw of Mary the better she liked her. At last she tried to persuade herself that her favourite was innocent of the crime laid to her charge. She questioned her as to her former situation, and as to the reasons which could have induced her to the commu- ary n of a crime which seemed so foreign to her nature. Mary replied, as she had to all her former enquiries, that no power on earth could make her reveal any part of her story. She added that she was perfectly resigned to her fate, and determined to pass the rest of her days in New Holland, as she never could revisit her native land. Still, in spite of the mystery which hung about her, she rose every day in the good opinion of her mistress, who, after some time, placed her about her children; then only she discovered that in addition to all her amiable qualities, Mary possessed, in a superior degree, all the talents and accomplishments which belong to an ex 1 alted situation. She spoke several modern languages, and understood both painting and music. In short, she soon became the favourite companion of her miss trees, who could no longer treat this superior being as a servant. Still, however, Mary resisted her urgent entreaties to discover her former situation ; she owned that it had been superior to that rank in which she now found herself ; confessed that her present name was assumed ; added that she had been very unfortu- ' nate, but would never add to her other misfortunes that of thinking that her relations and friends were blushing for her. About three years after this time, the chaplain of " the settlement was called upon to attend the death ' . bed of an old female convict who was lately arrived. Though an old offender, who had grown up in the, paths of vice, this woman felt in her lan- moments ' great contrition, and made a full confession of all her crimes. She said that what laid the most heavy on her conscience was the recollection of her having ,"- laid one of her offences to the charge of an innocent young woman. She said, that having gone in one day i to a shop in Oxford- street at the same time with a very young girl who appeared to be fresh from the country, , she had spoken to her and after having stolen '2 a ' card of lace she followed the young ' woman out of the shop. Soon after, hearing the a cry of stop thief,' she made a pretence of her clog . No ghost story is more frequently mentioned in society than this, but the amount of accurate information concerning It may be i' estimated from air Walter Scott's veriioH : " The story of two highly respectable officers in the British army, who are supposed to have seen the spectre of the brother of one in a hut, or barrack, in America, is also one of those accredited ghost tales which attain a sort of brevet rank as true, from the mention of respectable names as the parties who witnessed the vision. But we are left without a glimpse when, how, and in what terms, this story obtained its currency j as also by whom, and in what manner, it was first circulated ; and among the numbers by whom it has been quoted ; although all agree in the general Great, scarcely two, even of those who pretend to the best information, tell the story ( in the same way." Letters on Demonology and Witchcraft, p. 349 T . , \- The late Sir R Peel had a fixed impression that he had seen and spoken with Lord Byron (then ill at Patras) in 1810, in the streets of London. Moore? i Memoirs, vol. 6, p. 14. 7 4 The seat of Lord Bagot, in Staffordshire. A ' t In Park's edition of Walpole's Royal and Noble "Authors" (vol. 8 is a facsimile of the so-called original warrant in the Stafford collection, and the signature U clear and firm. There are three flourishes which could not have been executed by a trembling basal. Jj Elton Hall, Oundle : the sea'- r the Earl of Carysfort. being untied to ask the assistance of the young woman, who was still close by her, and while she was stepping had contrived to slip the lace into her muff, and to escape herself before their pursuers reached them. She said she had afterwards heard that the poor girl had been convicted of an offence of which she knew her to be perfectly innocent. This account immediately brought to the chaplain's mind the Mary Green who had excited so much care city. He went immediately to her, asked for her story, and received from her the usual answer, retus gg oil intelligence on this subject. He, however, I pressed her, told her that it might be of the utmost importance to her to confide in him, as some circumstances had lately come to light which he hoped might lead to her exculpation if she would give him all the particulars of her case. She burst into tears, told him that she was the only daughter of a respectable merchant of Birmingham, but still refused to tell the name ; she said that at eighteen years of age she had gone to London for the first time, to an uncle 1 v, he lived in Newman-street that a day or two after her arrival she had, in the dusk of the evening, gone to a haberdashery shop, to which she had been directed as being only a few steps from her uncle's house. On coming out of the shop she heard a cry of 'stop thief and had hastened house to escape the mob, by whom she had been very much hustled. On the steps of her uncle's house she was arrested, the piece of lace was found upon her, and she was immediately carried into con liniment. She said that she thought that it was hardly possible that any testimony of her character could avail against the positive evidence brought against her, more particularly as her only defence was that she knew not how the face came in her muff. She, therefore, determined to conceal her name and never apply to her family. This happened just before the time of sessions. Mary's trial and condemna- tion ensued so soon after, that her relations had not had time to make all the inquiries which they after vi ards Bent in vain all over the kingdom. These circumstances tallied so exactly with the old woman's confession that the chaplain ventured to tell Mary that he had no doubt of her acquittal. He informed the Governor of the whole transaction, was promised to transmit this information by the first ship to the English Government, and said that her innocence appeared to him so clear that, without instructions, he would venture to say that she should no longer be considered as a convict, but as a planter. In England the strictest inquiry was made, and every circumstance exactly tallied with Mary's deposition, The next ship brought her complete acquittal and conveyed her back to her disconsolate parents, who had not ceased to lament the unaccountable disappearance of their beloved child. Soon after her return she married extremely well to a young clergyman, who had a very good living. I was told that this story was perfectly true in every part ; and there can hardly be a stronger instance of virtue and innocence triumphing over the most unfortunate false appearances. It was the virtue and modesty of Mary's behaviour which were the first came of bringing her innocence to light. Had she not been so distinguished, the chaplain never would have thought of her, but an unjust accusation of theft naturally brought her to his mind. Perhaps it may be said that her beauty contributed in some degree to the celebrity which she obtained, and, consequently, to her acquittal. A COXVEKT TRAGEDY. (Extract from a letter from Mr. Southe!/ to Charles IV. Wynn, dated January 8, 1865) Jane Power was placed in the Irish Nunnery, at Belem, near Lisbon, when but a child ; she grew up there and took the vows. Shortly after there came over a young Irishwoman (Louisa Bourke, by name), who went through the year of her probation resolutely,] and took the veil. She had left her own country, and then abandoned the world, in a fit of jealousy : her \ lover at length traced her, followed her, and spoke with her at the grate. A record- ! situation ensued: they corresponded and resolved to try to get her out by means of dispensation. The scheme was discovered ; its success would have been a great misfortune to the convent, as the large fortune, which Louisa had brought must in that case have' been refunded. It was said that she had died very soon after. At this time, Jane Power was ill ; after' her recovery, being in a remote part of the convent' which was not in use, she heard Louisa's voice, which seemed to proceed from within the wall ; she thought it was her spirit, and much alarmed, j ( asked if she should order any services for her! soul. Louisa replied she was still alive,' and requested her friend to come to her, giving! her at the same time directions to find an entrance to her place of confinement. It was a small' cell on a higher story, matted round, and so entirely remote from all the inhabited part of the convent and from every ear that she was even allowed a musical instrument there. She had that day got down by finding some means of slipping back a bolt or lock, and by the same means Jane was enabled to visit her, which she did regularly every night for some months. Once she stayed later than usual,' because her friend appeared more depressed than she had ever seen her. In consequence of this delay, her lamp was exhausted and went out in the cloisters She was afraid that in the dark she might mistake her cell and thus be discovered ; she therefore sat: herself down to wait for daybreak. When the dawn cerne, she thought she would go back to tell Louisa how she had passed the night ; she knocked andre-; ceived no answer ; after some time she pushed the door, but found something against it. Having at last succeeded in opening the door, she saw her wretched friend lying on the floor with her throat cut from ear to ear. Jane Power fainted, and in this state was found lying on the bleeding body of the unfortunate Louisa by the man who brought food to the prisoner. She was carried before the abbess, who made her take the most solemn vow never to reveal what she had seen. c_~ .-_.:_J-,-i-.- i< She continued several years longer in the nunnery j the horror which the scene she had witnessed had left upon her mind, made her situation dreadful. Her prospect brightened a little upon the arrival of our troops. Her sister's husband, whose name is either Heatley or Headley, had a civil appointment in our army there. During his stay, the frequent visits of her sister and of her English friends, made her life more cheerful than that of a nun usually NB. When the troops were moving, she complained bitterly to her sister, and Headley determined to carry her off | he conveyed boy's clothes to her, and gave her his watch that she might know the hour at which to make her escape. In order to secure her from interruption from any of the male servants of the convent, he made them all drunk. When Jane, in her disguise, came to the door, the key creaked in the lock. She had resolution enough to return to the dormitory and dip it in a lamp. Still she was before the hour appointed for never having had a watch, she had not wound it up and when at last the time came she flung the watch over the wall instead of a stone. However, she effected her escape. ' I Still there remained a difficulty ; the captain of the packet, after having promised to take her, repented | and refused after she was out of the convent. She i W88 got on board by the management of Colonel Trent's wife, who went in the same packet and the captain of a frigate, who was acquainted with her story, conveyed the vessel out, declaring at the same time that if Todd (the master of the packet would not take her, he would run all risks and carry her to England himself, rather than that she should be forced to return to the convent. There Come on rough weather, and poor Jane whispered that perhaps it was sent because of her. However, she reached Falmouth in safety, and the last I heard of her was that her friends were endeavouring to procure from the Pope a dispensation of her vows. I give you this story as Mrs. Trent gave it me. Urs. Trent is a very extraordinary woman. Her husband was among the persons stopped in France ; she went over, obtained his liberty, and smuggled home the son of Hoppner the painter. When Jane Power saw the mail coach, she said the king was coming and the first thing she asked for, when she was safely housed, was a looking-glass for since she was five years old, she had never seen her own face. MR BURKE's GHOST STORY. December, 1864 became acquainted with Mrs. (wife of Colonel) Dixon, first at Actions afterwards hue. From her conversation I gained much amuse- ment, and, I hope, some instruction. One or two stories that she told us I am determined not to forget. At a meeting of the Literary Club, at which Dr. Johnson, Mr. Burke, and several other eminent characters of the day were present, it was observed that an old gentleman, who had never missed one of the meetings of the society, was that day absent. His absence was considered as the more extraordinary because he happened to be president that day. "While the company were expressing their surprise at this circumstance, they saw. their friend enter the room, wrapped in a long white gown, his countenance wan and very much fallen. He sat down in his place, and when his friends wondered at his dress, he waved his hand, A great many letters to Mr. Charles Wynn from Bouthey have been printed by his son and his son-in-law, but this particular letter is not amongst them, \+ Acton Park, Wrexham : the seat of Sir E, A, Cunliffe, Bart. nodded to each separately, and disappeared from the room without speaking. The gentlemen, surprised at this Circumstance, and determined to investigate it, called for the waiter, and asked whether anybody had been seen upon the staircase which led to the room where they were sitting. They were answered that, no person had been seen either to enter the house or to mount the stairs, and that both the stairs and the entrance had been constantly filled with corners and goers. Not satisfied with this, they sent to the house of the gentleman whom they had just seen, to inquire whether he had been out. His residence happened to be very near the coffee-house where they were, and their messenger immediately returned with the following melancholy intelligence ; their friend had died about ten minutes before, of a violent fever, which had confined him entirely to his bed for several days. Some of the most eminent men of the club gave themselves great pains to discover the impo- sition which some thought had been practised "on them ; others firmly believe that their friend's ghost had actually appeared to them and the latter opinion was confirmed by the total failure of all inquiries. All their efforts proved vain to remove the veil of mystery which hung over this transaction. At last they determined to remove the club to another part of the town, entering at the same time into an engagement never to reveal the circumstance which had occasioned this change. They wisely thought that such a story, supported by the evidence of such men as Johnson, Burke, we, might do much mischief while the causes remained unexplained. Many years afterwards, as Mr. Burke was sitting at dinner with some friends at his own house, he was told that a poor old woman, who was dying in an obscure garret in the midst of the greatest wretchedness, had just said that she could not die in peace, unless she could reveal a most important secret to Mr. Burke. This summons appeared so like a fraudulent means of extorting money, that Mr. Burke refused to go. In a short time, he received a second message still more pressing, and at the same time, such an account was given of the extreme poverty and misery of the poor expiring object, that her compassion was excited, and he determined to go, in spite of the earnest entreaties of his friends, who still feared for his safety. They accordingly watched in the little obscure alley, saw him ascend the staircase which led to the garret in which he was told that the poor woman was lying, and reminded him that succour was at hand, Mr. Burke soon returned. He told his friends that he had found everything as it had been represented that the old woman had died after telling him a very extraordinary circumstance, which had given him great satisfaction ; he then related all the former part of this story, and added that the dying woman and confessed that she had been guilty of a neglect which had cost an unfortunate man his life. She said that upon her death-bed, she was determined to make all the atonement in her power, confess her error, and had therefore requested his presence, know- ing him to be the most intimate friend of the deceased. She said that some years before, she was nurse to a gentleman who was ill of a dangerous fever, and named Mr. Burke's friend. She said that on a particular day which she named - She was told by the conviction that the crisis of the disease was that day to be expected, and that the ultimate issue of the malady would very much depend upon the patient's being kept perfectly quiet at that moment ; which i i could only be done by incessant watching, as the : delirium would probably run very high just before. ; In that case, the physician directed that the priest should be forcibly detained in his bed, as the least a cold would prove fatal. He, therefore, ordered the | agree not to leave the room upon any account the whole of the day. The nurse added that, in the afternoon of that day, a neighbour had called upon j her that, seeing the gentleman perfectly quiet, she had v. returned to leave his room for ten minutes ; when she returned, she found her patient gone. In a few minutes he returned and expired immediately. A When she heard the inquiries made, she was well aware what had given birth to them, but was at that time prevented by shame from confessing the truth ! t. j . If anything of the kind had occurred at the Literary Club, it, could hardly have escaped Boswell. Sir Walter Scott relates a! similar story, the scene of which is " a club of persons connected: a 1th science and literature " at Plymouth. 