A SCOTCHMAN AMONG THE GHOSTS. A etar t'.ing pnbliesl ion has just come under out-notico. . JA gentleman of wealth and busi ness experience in Glasgow, who signs hlm'solf "J. B.," has published for private circulation, what processes to be an unvarnished narrntivo of facts in regard to communications ho lias had with (ho spirit world. Ho lios, according to bis own Eolemn effirmation, conversed, cither personally or through a " medium," with Ihe avowed spirits of Jeesio M'Pliorson, Lord Clydo, Iho lato Duke of Hamilton, Mary Queen of ScotB, " Stonewall" Jackson, a late clergyman and physicion, both eminent in Glasgow, and othors whoso initials re present prominent persons well-known in tho city and now deceased. This gentle man was an unbeliever in " spiriiualiem" up till February last. At that timo, having occasion to bo in London, ho attended a scanco at the honso of a woll known medium. lie had not been seated nt tho table many minutes, by his own account, when ho hoard tlio sound of rapid tops coming along tho floor, and onding in two or three smart raps benoath his hand. Thfo spirit answered to tho name of " Margaret," and brought tho spirit of "J. B.'s" deceased mother. To prevent deception, ho asked questiona whioh no ono olso in tlio company could havo answered— Buch as his own name, his mother's maiden name, and tho pluco where she mod to stay in Glasgow. Thoso questims, ho says, wore nil answered correctly. At subsequent seances his unbelief was further shaken. Ho laid a carte do visits on tlio table, enclosed in an envelope ; and tha Christian name and surname of the person whose likeness it was were immediately rapped out. Sovcn different times ho asked tiio "spirit"' what number ho was thinking of, and each limo tho correct number was given him. But it was not till similar phenomena began to show themselves in his own house, two of his own boyB turning out to bo mediums, that liis'foith in "spiritualism" was finally con firmed. Let us now turn to somo of tho re velations mado on theso occasions. It may be noted, first, that they all purport to bo mado by decensod persons, with ono romarkabio ex ception. This ii tlio case of the notorious M S , whoso spirir, although still " in tho body," has repeatedly mode itself audible, under tho town councillor's table, to declare her guilt and her remorse. It is said by some spiritualists, however, that the spirits of tho living can tako an excursion wliiio tiio body is asleep. Wo have also tho spirit o( o distinguished peer, who frankly tells us that ho was in an clcvatid condition wlion ho left too world, not long since, at Paris. By tho way, the spirits won't hoar of such a thing as dying. They speak of tho chango as " leaving tho world." Too spirit of " Stone wall " Jackson also announces itself, and slates that ha is now an abolitionist ; but intimates that New Orleans will ho rc-'aken by the Con federates next month ; that tho war will ond in October, 1804 ; that tho South will estab lish its independence ; and that tho Potomao will bo its boundary line. This would bo encouraging news for the Southern sympa thisers among us, were it not that " J.B." haB discovered from experience that no reliance is to bo i'lacod on tho prodiet'ons of these rapping visitants. How much more is to be placed in their statements regarding tho past and present, people can judge for them selves. The spirits oro evidently a " kit'le" lot. The councillor's father announced himself ot a seance in April last, aud advised his son to pray to God, lead a lifo of virtue, " and marry a decent honest woman." The councillor appends to this pat renal adico tho following note : " N.B. As I havo a dear wife already, this answer was mnl apropos." This is un doubtedly the mildest tiling that can be said of it. His mother's spirit is more instructive. She informs him that she spends her lima " in playing and singing, praying and dancing that, though happy now, she suffered romorBO for six months alter her cntrai co into tho spirit-world ; nnd still feels vexed, she soys (possibly with a reference 1 1 tho councillor), " when she sees thoso sho loves committing folly." This was at a "seance" last April, and she wound up by the solemn recommendation —"Pray to God, obey his commands, ond love Jesus." "Here," adds the narrator, " the table began to tilt violently about, bo I said, ' Would you like me to sing you a song?' when ' Yes' was rapped out Bmartly. I sung the Rat catcher's Daughtir,' and the table kept jump ing and dancing in time to the tuno." A spiritualist, liowovor, has suggcstid to " J. B." that probably it was another ghost that tilted up the table, and that his mother's spirit took its leave immediately after tolling him to love Jesus. Indeed, " J. B." frankly tells us that it would bo ridiculous to supposo that his mother could set the table capering to BUoh a profane song, for she wos a " staid woman, of strong Oalvinistio principles." It appears, howover, that the spiri's are fond of lively music; lor' on tho 30th of July last, tlio spirit of tho councillor's wife's mother, in answer, to the question " What do you do whore you are ?" replied, " I dance, and fling, and pray;" and .immediately a tapping, iu country dnnco t'me was hoard upon tho table, and tho councillor was told that tho tuno was " Potronella." l'ho councillor has boon privileged with com munications from various othor notiblo persons, some of whom have beon exceedingly compli mentary. Tho spirit of Lord Clydo announced itself on tho 4Ii of September, his lordship having kindly come to express his " love for J ohn" (tho eounoilior'e aon, wo presume), and to advise his father to make a soldier of liim, and ha would bo bnried in Westminster Abbey. In reply to a question put by a councillor, about a peculiar sensation ho felt in his leg?, tho Fhld Marshal a id, « It is spirits —tho room is full of thom," Au old Bweot- hrart of J. B.'s also carno from tho spirit world, and commissioned him to toll his wife that alio " hud got a darling hoy for a hus band." His wife being unwell and larao at one fc me (30th Juiy), tho spirit of her niece paid a visit, and advised tho invalid, through ono of her children who aotod as interlocutor, "to trust in God and tako a bath chair." Mention is mado of " sphoros." Three aro different stages which are said to exist in the spirit- world ; and for information concerning which tho councillor ia m.inly in debted to the spirit of the late Rev Dr. B — . Thoy are very numerous — tlio first bsing a wild wasto, the second less fearful, the noxt rathsr bettor, ond so on to tho ninth, where " all is holy und good but there aro thousands more, " each one nearer to God than tbo pre ceding ;" and tlio sphere on whioh wo enter aftir death depends upon tho livoa .wo livo here. But tho spirit of tlio councillor's mother gave him tho gratifyiug assuraueo that everybody Bhould reach happiness in tho end. Tho spirit of tho loto Mr A — — - B , who is understood to have boon a_ friend nnd patron of tho councillor's pays him a voluntary visit for tho purpose of giving tho following kindly noto of warning : — " You had hotter turn over a new leaf and behave yourself, for this is a queer place. Good bye !" A— B ' states that ho sojourns in tho fourth sphere, whioh must, after all, be a pretty decent location, as it is adorned with " tad trees with golden apples and leaves." Tho spirits, however, do not always confino thoni- eolvos to revelations, warnings, and friendly admonitions. Thoy seem disposed occasionally to manifest their prcsenco in rather an up roarious way. Tiie councillor had a celebrated seance in his own houBo on the 12th of August last; and after Mary Quoon of Scots had made a clean breast of it, tho ghost of a osrtain It B , that there will be no difficulty in recognising, is heard to knock. " What do you want ?" ho is asked. "Put out the gas," says he, " and I will try to move the t iblo." Tho ghost waa as good as its word, for Mr J. B. relates tho tsble-moving seoio as follows: — " The gas was lowered till nearly out, arid than tho table was drawn along tho floor. A handkerohiof held by my son was pulled out of his hand, and wo found it aftorwards folded in tlio interior of tho pedestal of tho tablo, boyond tho reach of any one sitting at tho table. Ono of my daughters had her dress drawn round behind lior ohair, and one of my sons was drawn out, ohnir and all, sud denly from tha table." Such are Bomo of tlio revelations that are embodied in tho singular narrative before us. Tlio councillor himself is_ sorely puzzled what to make of them. Disoredit the phenomena he cannot bat bow to aooouut for them— there is the rub 1 Ho is too cautiouB at onco to jump with tho spiritualists to their conclusion. " That thoso phonnmcna," he Bays, " aro tho results of power exerted by tho.spirits of tho deceased I don't believe, yot tho cause is to mo inex plicable." His perplexity is manifestly in creased by the discovery that tiie eating of eggs by tbo ir.odium causes tho " spirits" to como out iu greater force. His son, a boy of four teen years, who is tlio principal medium iu tho liouso, " likes eggs, and eats a good many. A spiritualist, has explained to him that rating eggs adds to tho quintity of phosphorus in tho body, and tiiot phosphorus in excoss is a cause of tho medium's power. 