It is a mere abuse of language and of tho patienco of the reader, to talk about. the policy of the Government, after the recent displays at Ingle wood and Morninirton. Tho public will not permit itself to ho trilled with on this point, either by journalists or politi cians. A good joke, too often repeated, becomes as monotonous nnd wearisomo as one of the Chief Secretary's Parlia mentary speeches. The prolonged scream of a railway whistle on a frosty night, and the best thing ever uttered mny, by tho same process, become ns insipid and pointless as the last Joe Miller reproduced, for the fiftieth time, by a learned colleague. But, still, tuey do talk about their policy ; as the bnrnaclos might when ruthlessly chiselled off the ship's bottom— the policy of adhering till tho last moment, to a comfortable position. We will agree, then, for the moment, to call this principle of adhesion to office a policy, although in other de partments of zoology — in the guinea worm, the leech, the vampire, or in any of those little nameless politicians that adhere so closely to anybody they fix themselves on — we usually call it not policy, but instinct. Take it either way, it is an admirable provision of nature to secure the perpetuation of the race of parasites and entozoa , and wo do not know why the body politic should not he infested with them the same as any other body. Instinct, then, or policy, the Ministry have shown their determination to hold on until they are all crushed, torn off, or cut to pieces ; and the only question we have now to consider is, not how I do these gentlemen propose to govern the country — but how uo they flatter themselves that they will retain office in defiance of public opinion, and of that parliamentary majority which is already looming against them as sure and as black ns fate 1 Mr. Grant has given us an inkling of : this in the jaunty and vivacious manner — as if nobody saw through it — in which he has given his version of the M'Ct/LLOcn policy, which — like tho instinct we have alluded to — secures the great object of self-preservation by adapting itself to the circumstances in which it is placed. A rat in Ingle- wood might manifest the same di vinely-given tendencies differently from what it would at Williams- town ; and a lawyer at Brighton may feel himself impelled, by what in mm win nave tne iorce or inspiration, to tell a very different story about the same thing, though for the same object, from that which another under wilder impulses and with less discretion may blurt out at Belfast. We now learn from Mr. G-nANT that there is to be a different policy (as they call it) for each constituency, arid a different tune played by each Minister; Mr. M'Oul- locii's original address serving merely as the drone of tho bagpipe to prevent them from wandering into another key altogether, and to overpower the " squeaking trebles" if they become too noisy. This is the moral of the Inglewood speech — that Mr. M'Cui.i.ocn's address is not the final programme of the Go vernment; that every Minister is to go ns far beyond it — if possible, in lie same direction ; but, if not, still as far — as he may find necessary, to gull a constituency and to secure votes ; and that there is nothing so incongruous to their former professions, or to other parts of their scheme — nothing' so base in servility, or so arrogant in dictation, that they will not resort to, in the hope of prolonging, for the shortest space of time, the slightest hold on the mere semblance of power. That mere ghost, however, disposes of the Buhstance of emolument ; and there is therefore, to> mem, 110 uuior ouject, no nigner giory, than that of securing another quartor's salary — mo greater infamy than that of losing it. Mr. M'Cul loch's address, at Morn- ington, adds nothing to what was said by Mr. Grant at Inglewood ; except that it adds a little more bitterness to the threats administered to the Legis lative Council, without, inspiring any more confidence in the liberality of his professions. He does not tell us, for example, whether he proposes to secure payment of members, on the same oroad principles that prevail in every Legislature, without exception, on .the continent of Europe, or prefers to dole it out to subservient friends in the shape of compensation for service on com missions. He has done nothing more than to convince us that there can be no limits to the . elasticity of his pro mises, save the possibility of their performance. Such is .the policy of the Govern ment.' Bui; what is the' alternative of the public ? What resource haye we in the Opposition ? What security that, when we have exorcised our house of the foul spirit, he may not come back again with seven others worse than himself, so that our "last end shall be worse than the beginning?" The answer is that that is impossible, because we aro in that last stage already ; and the question is as to the possibility of our redemption from that state. Where, then, is tho opposition ? and what is their programme ? Are they such fools as to think that the people are in love with their persons ? Are there no pensions' regulations, stinking in the nostrils of the public, — no dirty little reminiscences, that will have to ho cleared away, before that public will consent to receivo them back again to favour ? "A plague on both your Houses " — seems really to express the Eublic sentiment ; and that is what as kept the present Ministers in Sower, during the last twelve months, lut that period has taught us that there are depths in politics, below what some thought the " lowest deep ;" and that there is a blackness of in famy, in some coalitions, such as we never saw before and hope never to see again. But — where is the Opposition ? and what is their programme ? or, perhaps we have no Opposition ; and, therefore, no Parliamentary system — no respon sible Government. Certain it is, that such-a constitution as ours can never work, without an organised recognised Opposition — such ns willgivo tiio public, and the Queen's representative, the choice, nt nny moment, of men and measures. Without this fly-wheel, the 'machinery will whirl round nnd speed to destruction If we have an Opposition, it is timo for them to show themselves, nnd to tell us what they proposo to do. If we have no such thing hero, and don't know how to manufacture it, wo had better import it from England. Nay, so important do we consider, it, so absolutely essen tial to a constitutional Government — which, without it, is sure to become, beyond all others, the most corrupt — that we would rather go without Par liaments altogether than live, with the forms of -liberty, under the real des potism of such people as now pretend to govern us. Tlic presence of the Melbourne police at. Echuea was, it seems, necessitated b;.- the attempt on the part of the New South Wales Government to obstruct the free navigation of the Murray. Oar telegram gives particulars. A writ has been issued for the election of a member of the Legislative Council for the Western. Province, in the room of Mr Miller ; and the following arrangements are notified in the Gazette Day of nomination, 7th October, x 004 j tiny oi poiiiugi ijiu vCWvCr j return 01 writ, 25th October, " Mr Thomas Carpenter intends becoming n candidate for Castleraaine. Mr J. P. Fawkner was, yesterday, declared duly -elected a member of the Legislative Council for the Central Province. The lion gentleman was unopposed. The ceremony took place at the office of the deputy returning offi cer, Little Collins street, in the presence of eighteen spectators, and was a very quiet affair. Mr Fawkner briefly addressed the small audienco on Bomo of the questions of the day. His remarks will be found reported in auotlier column. Mr Wood has . addressed a letter to the elec tors of the Ovens, in which he explains his rensons for declining to becomt a candidate for the representation of thnt constituency. " Were I not a candidate for Warrnambool." Mr Wood says, " I would be a candidato for the Ovens, and I would not be a candidate for Warrnambool unless I had been invited to become so by a numerous and influential section of the Inhabi tants of that town." The Ovens and Murray Advertiser thus castigates tho cons'itueney for its political meannesses " Mr Wood is very sorry indeed for having given us such a kick ' a tergo,' but the tender Bpot on which he delivered it presented so tempting an appearance that lie could not withhold his toe. It is neither more nor less than we deserved, for we hare made ourselves so utterly insignificant in the cye9 of the country, that the Ovens Is, metaphorically speaking, kicked wherever it is mentioned, whether in the . House or out of the House." in anotucr paragrapu, tno same journal siuies that " a movement is on foot in the district for the purpose of naming at least one member who will not be a discredit to us. Three names aro mentioned, namely, Mr Aspinall, Mr Kcrfcrd, nnd Mr Joseph Connolly; but no particular per son is yet fixed upon." ; A requisition is in course of signature at Cas- tlemaine calling upon Dr Macadam to revoke his determination not to come forward for that elec toral district. Dr Ritchie, one of the candidates for the re presentation of Villiers and Heytcsbury, met the electors of that district on the 14th inst, at the Fenshurst hotel. Jn speaking on the subj'cct of the public lands he Btated that he approved of the proposed system of leasing the public lands by free selection at 2s an acre, and disposing of them by public auction, securing tho rights of the tenants to the value of permanent improve ments. He also expressed himself in favour of a limited tariff upon imports. At the conclusion of his address a unanimous vote of confidence was passed in him. From n private source we learn that it is not unlikely tlmt Dr. Goold, the Roman Catholic Bishop, will- bo appointed to fill the vacant ece of Adelaide, and that Victoria will be mado an Archbishopric. It is said that Bishop Goold will decline to proceed to Adelaide, and that, in all probability, ho will proceed to England in Februnry next. Dr Evans and Mr N. Levi are again in the field for Maryborough. The Advertiser says : — " As yet we have no intimation of opposition to the old members, but it is said that more than one requisition will he presented for signature in the course of the present week, soliciting the candidature of one or two Melbourne men, and at least one gentleman of local standing and Independent position." Respecting the future representation of the Western Province tho Hamilton Spectator says : — " Mr Miller, the eminent capitalist, la the present member, and he will in all proba bility be again a candidate. It is not likely, however, that he will walk over the course, as opposition is almost certain. We hear that Mr Curry, of Crcssy, is likely to stand, or falling him, that some of our local men of property mny be induced to contest the election, It is be ginning to be felt that if anything like justice is to be done to the Western district, we must have advocates in tho. Upper as well as in the Lower House. What lias Mr Miller ever done for us? How has he served us ?" Mr Hammond, one of the candidates for Avoca, met with a rather serious accident when travelling in the neighbourhood of Inglewood the other day, particulars of which we subjoin, from the . Tnrnngulla correspondent of the Dunolly Express : — " He was returning from Inglewood yesterday with a party —two ladles and a gentleman— himself driving a spirited pair of horses, when one of them becoming very restive, it required rather a strong hand to hold them in. While doing so_ the bit broke, the horses gave a plunge, and took the' light waggon ; against a tree, throwing out Mr Hammond and . one of the ladies.' The lat-er was not hurt. Tho former, however, :w«s in a most perilous position, but still held the reins firmly, and was dragged several ' yards along . the ground. Fortunately, a stump then stopped any further progress, cr the consequences might have been molt serious. As it is, one side of Mr Ham mond's face is completely flayed, but the injury being only superficial ha will be able to appear in public again in tlia course of a week." A fully attended meeting- of the members of the Camden Harbour Assoeiation was held last evening, at Hockin's Hotel, Mr Hugh Murray in ttie chair. The business was to elect a board of management of nine members, and to nrrango for the salting of the Association's expedition. Before these subjects .'were entered upon, the chairman said that there were many persor.s who wore willing to take up shnres, but who would delay until the last moment to see what the others did. He would suggest that an early day should be fixed for the final closing of the the share list, as that would decide many who were wavering. There were nt present 101 sharas issued, which were in the hands of ninety- two pereons. On tha motion of Mr Meaden, some verbal alterations were midc in tiio rules (or tho purpose of allowing sheep to be taken instead of cattle only as first intended. Tho chairman aald that the secretary had written to the West Australian Government to reduce the number of cattle or sheep required to enable the members to take pesession of the land, and he expected that the application would be complied with. After a very desultory conversation It was decided thnt all shares taken up after the 1st of October should bear ten percent premium, and that on all shares taken up before that date the first moiety should be paid on the 1st of October, and the second on the 15th October, when the share list should bo finally closed. ' A bonrd of management, consisting of nine mem bers, was then chosen, and it wns decided tlmt UIU UAJlCUUltm ouuum nan uu a uuj in nuttiiuvm to lie named by the said board, who were authorised to call a general meeting of the mem- ben to alter the rules if necessary, nnd were also empowered to pass bye-laws for tbclr own guidance. The proceedings, which .were un usually protracted, then terminated. The Bailaarat Star Eays that "Camden Har bour Is becoming all the rage at Clunes, and a number of persons, men of well- kuown energy and not unprovided with means, have taken shares in the Camden Harbour Pastoral Associa tion, and are about to leave Ciunes for the land of promise." The stere of Messrs Swanston, Willis, and Stephen, Geeloue, was attempted to be robbed on Monday night. The would-be burglars wrenched off the large padlock securing the front dour, but finding the double bolts inside ton much fur them, next went to the back doors, wliiuli bene evidence of having had a very strong force applied. In tills ease the robbers appear to have been disturbed, as when the lock was seriuuniy dumaged they seem to have left off and retired. Captain Heath, R.V.V.A.,Geelong, acknow ledges the receipt of LG collected by Mr D. Anderson from the Prahran and South Yarn Rifle Corps, for the relief of the widow and children of the late Sergt. Zimmer. The vessel now fitting out for commission under the " Paid Naval anil Military Forces Bill," for the purposes of a naval training ship, Is likely to be ready by the flrst week in October. She has receive! her armament of five guns, and Is to be permanently moored at the white buoy in Hobson'a Bay. She will have a complement of 200 boys and the necessary staff for the pur poses of their instruction nnd discipline. The floating raft which is intended to carry a GS pounder 95cwt gun is drawing rapidly towards completion, and will he launched about the 39th inst from the Marine yard. We have newspapers from Sydney to the 17th, but can find no local news worth extracting. The fifth anniversary of tho Collingwood Young Men's Mutual- Improvement Association was celebrated on Monday evening, the 10th inst., in the Congregational School-room, Oxford street, by a tea meeting. A public meeting was held at eight o'clock, tho chair being taken by Mr Fawkner; there wore alio present the Revs. Messrs. J. C. M'Michael, J. Caldwell, J. Hamilton, and Baliantyna. The reports for tho year were read by the secretary and treasurer, from which it appeared that the number of members had been considerably in creased during the past year, and that the society had been much improved, the members having d'splayed greater interest in its welfare. The treasurer's report showed a balance in hand of about eight or nine pounds, which Is to be devoted towards augmenting the library in connection with the society. The evoning was enlivened with recitations by several of the members. The meeting terminated with the usual vote of thanks. The only case tried in the County Court yes terday was that of M'Culloch v Reynolds and English. Tho plaintiff and defendants are enrriers. In December, 18G3, Mr George Hcnnelle entrusted Mr M'Culloch with a num ber of cases containing a miscellaneous assort ment of goods for delivery at the Durham Ox, near Swan Hill. The articles were intended for the use of a party ol French gentlemen, who were engaged in collecting specimens of the natural productions of the colony. Some of tho packages were handed over nt Sandhurst to one of Messrs Reynolds and English's carters, who enjoyed the soubriquet of " Happy Jack." He proved, however, very unfortunate In Ills trip, for he was accidentally killed. Part of the loading got astray, and for ono case which could not be found Mr M'Culloch had to pay tho value to Mr Hcnnelle. The amount he sought to recover from Messrs Reynolds and English, but the case afterwards turning up at Ecliuca, the defendants restored it, and contended that they were only called on to givo nominal damages, which they assessed at Is, and which they paid into court. Judgo Polilman thought the plaintiff was entitled to 49s, for which sum, with costs, ho returned him a vcidict. Mr Bindon was for the plaintiff, Mr C. A. Smyth for the defendants. According to tho Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser, a match Is to como off-at Carlsbrook to-day, between Mr T. Vowles' I'm Afloat and Mr Wheatloy's Moolort, for L50 ; nnd In order to make up a day's sport, a trial stakes .and handicap are added to the programme. The silly jealousy which seems to exist be tween the two boroughs of Bailaarat has oficn compromised the district in the eyes of sensible men, by extending to absurdly minute particu lars. However, we do not remember an instance wherein tho parties concerned hare contrived to render themielvcs. and their constituents moro ridiculous than in arranging the heading of the anti- transportation petition which had been adopted by committees representing the two boroughs. We quote from tho Star the follow ing brief digest of the proceedings at a meeting of the Bailaarat committee, held on Monday : — " The question as to the heading of tho petition, which had been complained of by tho Council of Bailaarat Eoat was taken into consideration. . Mr J ones, as a resident of Bailaarat East, stated lie ob jected individually to Bailaarat East being inserted in the petition. Tho word Bailaarat was cer tainly, In bis opinion, quite sufficient to mean both boroughs, and it was perfectly ridiculous for the Eastern Council to object to the payment of tho stipulated vote because the words ' Bailaarat East' had not been inserted. He believed it was to the advantage oi the Eastern borough that those words had not been inserted, inasmuch as its position as'compared with tho other borough was not therefore brought'into question, which, In his opinion, would be tantamount to an insult. He believed if the Council still persisted In Its eccentric demand, that tho require J amount might bo raised by public subscriptions, if it was thought fit to adopt tlmt course. Tho chairman also be lieved that the amount could be raised by sub scription.. -Mr Trench was of the same 'opinion as Mr Jones in respect to the' invidious dis junction the Eastern' Council was desirous of , drawing in requiring tho insertion of the words, Bailaarat. East' iu tne petition. Alter some further discussion, it was agreed thai the chair man ehould confer with the moyorof the Eastern Borough as to tho heading of the petition, with a view of settling the misunderstanding thnt had arisen thereupon. The se-retaiy reported that 3250 names had been already attached to the petition, nnd that before Thursday that number would probably be increased to 5900. It was then agreed that his Excellency's private secre tary should be communicated with in order to ascertain when his Excellency would receivo a deputation of the two mayors to present the petition far transmission to Her Majesty the Queen. The secretary was instructed to write to both Councils requesting them to adopt a petition of their own." The first annual report of the Prnliran and Soutii Yarra Savings' Bnnk discloses tho very gratifying fact that this institution has proved one of tho most successful of the kind estab lished in the colony. It appears that during the twelve months no less a sum than L1046 12a lias been deposited, nnd that the balance at pre sent in the bank amounts to L7S0 Its 3d. At South Ynrra there are 324 depositors, and at Prabran 718, In all 1042, thus giving to each person ns near as mny be an average of LI. The total number of deposits was 4754, and of repayments 247, making the total transactions 50UI. The report concludes with a sensible re commendation, with which we thoroaghly concur, tlint the new Parliament should take the subject of penny savings' banks under its notice, with the view to adopting some measures .which would render the system more successful. In the Divorce Court, yesterday, a decree for the dissolution of tho marriage was pronounced in tho suit of Sansom v Snnsom, on the appli cation of Mrs Snnsom, who charged licr husband with adultery and cruelty. A petition, filed hy Robert Preston, a farmer, at Duneed, for a divorce from his wife, was dismissed, the only VriUVIIGU uglliMSb uiv a »»» w« the man wiili whom it was alleged she had been guilty of Impropriety. A meeting of tho Warehousemen's Cricket Ciub was licH in the hall of tho Mechanics' Institute, last evening, Mr Younghusband in the chair. The secretary read an account of what had already been done by the Provisional Committee, from which it appeared thnt they had obtained from the Government a piece of ground at St. Ivilda Park, on which there had been expended already n sum of L4GG, which had been collected from the warehousemen. Ho also read a letter of the 13th instant, from Messrs Younghusband, Bell, King, and Briscoe R >y, stating that they held the ground in trust for the club. A vote of thanks was, on tho motion of Mr Brand, seconded by Mr Bnrrowes, passed to those gentlemen who had obtained the permissive occupancy of . the ground for the club, and had contributed so liberally to its formation nnd ornamentation. The meeting then proceeded to the consideration of the rules, and after a very animated discussion, during which it appeared that twenty-one firms and their employes were already represented in the body, the rules as proposed were with some modifications adopted. The election of officers was then proceeded with. Mr Younghusband was, on a ballot, elected as president ; Messrs Haines and Bell, as vice- presidents ; Mr Briscoe Ray, as treasurer ; and Mr William Clarke, as secretary; committee, Messrs Moady, Brind, Stroud, M'Kcnzie, Bailey, Oxley, and Frazer. The South Mfibourne Cricket Club played uic nrsi muicu oi me season on oaiuroay. Sides were chosen by the president and vice- president. For the former M'Gaun scored 25; nnd for the latter George Marshall headed the list with 33 (not out), A. Brown obtained 10, and Danby and Slater, 0 each. An amusing local anecdote is thus narrated in the M. A. Mail : — "An enterprising Boniface of this town, wishing to improve the attractions of his house, advertised in the Argus for a lady piani-t who could also accompany. Two fair applicants responded to the call: one was n songstress well known in Castlemnine for having an excellent voice and being an accomplished musician ; hut she was cast in the shade when the brilliant and manifold abilities of the second applicant were read. She wrote in an elegant female lmnd thnt she had great continental ex perience as a singer in Italian operas, could sing and accompany in French, German, nnd Spanish, in solos, duets, or choruses, was mistress of the guitar and several other instruments, and ex pressed her willingness to accept an engagement for a term. So many accomplishments were at once recognised by the discriminating Boniface,, who hastily accepted the proposals of tho fair song stress, and repaired at the stipulated time to the station to conduct her to his house. After look ing round for some time to bpo some elegant female as beautiful in person as accomplished in music, he was about to turn away wish uneasy disappointment, when a porter relieved his dis tress by calling out, ' I say, Mister, here's a woman who is inquiring after ye.' The Mister, who was addressed from behind, turned round and saw an elderly female of peculiar appearance advancing towards hira. Her hand was held to her ear — trumpet fashion — in order to catch a reply, and sh i announced herself at the lady he had engaged. The amazed Boniface opepe(t,his,s eyes, and inquired if .there was jin mistake, hitil he lady at once set all doubt's at rest by scream- ing in a voice like a macaw that" 'she w'bSsq. glad she had arrived safe,'-, and atating tliat she wns at once ready to begin lfer professional ap.-' gacement. No time was lost, and accordingly' a duet was tried, but the male pianist, msqie some slight objections to her singing .'Anriig Laurie as an accompaniment 'ro. his Aliea Gray.' This little mistako occurred through a natural defect — deafness — which as the landlord cannot hope to enre he i) now puzzled how he is to endure for three months more." The Castlemaine Daily News reports an exodus of Chlnose diggers as follows : — " A large number of Chinese passed through Castle maine by the one o'clock train, to-day, from Sandhurst, nnd were met at the station by a body of their countrymen, belonging to this dis trict. After an extra carriage had been put on to meet this increased demand for accommoda tion, the whole proceeded to Melbourne, en route for their Fat hcrland. . Altogether, there were at least sixty. On being questioned, one of the head men said their average sums, which they had with them, were from L70 to L100 a man." The following ominous paragraph appears in the Mount Alexander Mail: — "A painful sen sation was created in Castlemaine, yesterday, in consequence of its having been made known that a warrant had been issued for the app'rehonsion of a well known tradesman in Mostyn street on the serious charge of rape. The person accused is inventus non, and the police arc actively en gaged in n search after him. Tiio heinous- offence is alleged to have been committed in the neighbourhood of Maldon four or five days ago, under circumstances which seem to us to cast Borne little doubt upon the information as to the non-complicity of the woman. Wo are in pos session of the names of both tho accuser and the accused, but out of consideration for the family o the former wo efrain from making them public until further particulars may reach us. It Is said that the wife of the storekeeper re ceived a letter from licr husband in which he stated his determination to commit suicide, but we cannot vouch for the truth of this rumour." The Dunolly Express has the following expo sure of another attempt to defraud by the swindling process known as " salting" : — " Two men, who gave the names of Thomas Cooper and Thomas Clarke, have been trying to sell shares in a new reef which they pretended to have dis covered about n mile north-east of the Belgian Reef. Tliey went first ton digger at Old Dunolly; ho, however, having heard of the recent ' salting' cases declined to have anything to do with .the matter. They then went to Messrs Pike, of lite Belgian Reef, who accompanied them to the localo of the supposed find. Plenty of gold could be seen in the storio that cropped out from tho surfuie; but on breaking that from | under the layer not a speck was visible. An: arrangement was then made between the parties that ten tons thould be taken out and crushed ; if it went lSdwt to tho ton the price to be paid for half the claim was L30, if half an ounce per ton, L20. Tho Messrs Pike steadily refused to advance a single shilling on the bsrgain until the reef had been tested. Although the parties gave the names of Cooper and Clarke, there is every reason to believe that they are the identical father and son who played similar tricks at Tar- nagulla and Castlemaine, one of them being an old man and tlic other a j oung one. It seems a pity that they are thus permitted to attempt swindles with impunity. They are evidently no mean hands at their calling." A meeting of the Collingwood Commercial Cricket Club was held on Monday evening, at the Collingwood hotel; Mr Simeon Cohen in the chair. A report of the proceedings of last Ecason was read, stating that, aithangli the club started somewhat In debt, that difficulty had been overcome, and over L130 expended on im proving and fencing in the ground. Tills report was unanimously adopted, and it was resolved to engage a professional for tlic ensuing season. The following office-bearers wete then elected : — President, Mr Cohen ; vice-president, Coun cillor Rushall; treasurer, Mr Win. Kidney; secretary, Mr Gore Stevenson; committee, Messrs Alexander, Brookes, Bone, Hajward, Tillett, Gooding, "and Poynter. Tho president nnd treasurer will present a prize bat, ball, and stumps to the respective highest averages for scoring, bowling, and catching. The following Brigade Order, having reference to the effective classes of Volunteers, lias been published hy the Volunteer authorities : — " Volunteer-office, 10th September, 1804. On and after the 1st January, 18G5, Volunteers of every grade classed as effectives for any year, and who arc well acquainted with the duties of their respective ranks in tiio drills herenfter de scribed, will be entitled to wear during that year a distinguishing badge. For Naval Brigade: UlVttb |jUU CAUlViiOCj lOUUUIdg 11112 lUililUUI UAC1" cise of second instruction ; to be able to answer the questions on the use of sights and projec tiles; fixing and fitting shell and boring fuse; making and filling cartridges ; field piece exer cise, as far as unllmbering or coming into action; cutlass drill nnd rifle exercise ; squad and com pany drill (Parts I. and II. Infantry Field Ex ercise Book). For Cavalry : Troop and Bquadron drill; sword exercise and single stick ; escort duty ; duties of picqucts and videttes (see sect. 10, Cavalry Regulations); advanced and rear guards aud patrols. For Artillery and Engineers: Heavy gun drill, including common and traversing platform ; the use of sights and projectiles ; fixing and fitting shell and boring fuzes; making and filling car tridges ; field gun drill, Armstrong nnd smooth bore; rifle exercise, including sword-bayonet drill, when provided with swords ; squad and company drilfo (Purts I. and II. Infantry Field Exercise Book). For Rifles (Paris I., II., III., IV., and V., Field Exercise Book): Squad drill ; company do ; battalion do ; light infantry do ; rifle exercise, Including bayonet or sword bayonet exercise ; duties of advanced and rear guards; duties of picqucts and their sentries; musketry instruction (theoretical principles, as taught in the annual course). Military En gineering : A badge will he granted for military engineering, and the conditions under which it may he gained will hereafter be published. C. B. Payne, captain, stall1 officer V. F." At the special general meeting of tho Austra lian Mutual Provident Society, held atMort's Ivulllo S IJ UUCj; w U lilt# JlVtU 1U91 (I Uiv ulUlw |#U9U surplus of L64,082 Gs 2d was declared as the re sult of the five years' business to the 29th February last, to be appropriated as cash bonuses ns follows : — To policies of the assurance branch, L59,G90 Os 5d ; to policies of the annuity branch, L2760 16s Gd ; to policies of the endow ment branch, L1631 9s 3d ; total, LG4,082 6s 2d. More difficulty connected with thai monstrous " muddle " tho Electoral Act " The following questions," says the Star, "were forwarded by the Electoral Registrar, Crcswick, to the Chief Secretary, Melbourne, namely — 1st. According to clause 29 of the Electoral Act, and your letter of instructions of the Olh July last, I omitted from the general fist of this year the names of some persons who had taken out electors '-rights, but whose names were on the roll of ratepnylng electors in force (namely, the late ratepayers' roll made up 20t!i October, 18G3). Having now re ceived the different lists of ratepayers for the separate parts of this division, I find that the names of a few of those persons who had taken out electors' -rights, but were afterwards on the ratepayers' roll of 20th Ootober, I8G3, and con sequently omitted by me, are not included in the ratepayers' roll now compiling. Have I power, and if so, is it my duty under clause 43 of the act, to apply to the ltevision Court and have their names inserted on the general roll by virtue of their eiectors'-rights, or must their names be" excluded altogether. Answer. The net pro vides no remedy. 2, I find that in some cases the same person is returned ns a ratepayer by the secretaries of the different shires for property in their respective parts of this division. In compiling the ratepayers' roll am I to insert the name as often as I find it for each separate sub division, or exercise my discretion of it being the sanle' person, by inserting the name only once', ; .hutJSffixj.ng ihe description of property in each , s'uhili vlsiod? Answer. Y'ou cannot exercise ' nnyt discretion." . ( "'Off'-pnturday," says the Geelong Adver- 1 'trier, due of the workmen at Baker's lime .kilns, on jlje Eastern Beach, found a fossil bone at about the level of high water mark, but under ; 'a bdup filings tone and earth upwards of 30ft in . thicknedi:" The probability that remains of this sort would ho occasionally met with induced Mr Tolpon some time ago to direct the attention of those employed at these works to the importance of noting and preserving any fossil specimens that might be found, and this Is the first fruits of the hint so given.'1 The Southern Cross has the following respect ing the awkward position in which the non conformist settlement of Port Albert, Auckland, has been placed, owing to the loss of a vessel laden with stores : — " A letter received in Auckland, dated about ten days or a fortnight ago, states that the settlers were then very short of the necessaries of life, and this deficiency would have been amply supplied by the Ad vance, if she liod not met with the unfortunate mishap, as she hail large quantities of stores on board, of which L600 belonged to one store keeper; What the position of the settlers is now may he readily imagined, and it seems to l e a cose calling for the assistance of the Govern ment. The nearest settlement to Port Albert is Mangawal, nineteen miles distant, ten of which are overland, and it is doubtful indeed whether stores in any necessary quantity could be ob tained there. A vessel lias been put en in the place of the Advance, but she will probably not sail until next week. There are about forty families at Port Albert, and this, at the average of five persons to e.ach family, would make 200 souls ; a largo number to be supplied with food ; and any deficiency of it in such a case would of course make the distress more severe." ' The success which has attended the establish ment of local Penny Snvings Banks is evidenced from the following return taken from the Carlton institution, which shows that the number of de positors on 17th September was 787, tho amount deposited L357 Os Cd, while the total amount of withdrawals was only L3 4s. A very spirited attempt on the part of a Mr A.M.Johnson to introduce English fish into the New Zealand province of Canterbury, lias unfortunately failed. Mr Johnson, according to the Otago Daily Times, " brought on board no less thnn 800 young salmon, GOO trait, 200 perch, and 200 carp, with a lino sprinkling of tench, royal, rudd, roach,, gudzeon, minnows, bleak, and gold fish, tho greater portion of which had been reared for the purpose in tho artificial manner, some under the immediate care of Dr Buckland, of fish culture notoriety. The tanks in which they were placed were nearly all lined with slate, and so neatly contrived, : thnt by means of perforated partitions, a constant running stream was kept' up from one portion I to another .with tatlon . the ' ship. Troop, of snails, water lilj., - 9 various kinds were introduced -9 well as to keep the water puriHo,! . ord : M tion other contrivances for nn'' "o Jfl that the proper supply of 19 bo kept up. The whole was s„reVge# ' H framework case, with double : : 9 which was kept constantly w„, ,c ""situ,,, 9 progress through the tropins, in „-h Utin? tho fl evaporation and lower the tem"lol!«PD» fl matte, of the greatest impor,Z?tUte. ' ifi fl ing with those fish was the w?0t b fl tanks, which was duly provided I"""1 if 'Hi Ifl Pily, during their transit lV j,bul.«C IS London, the wood- work warned fa Jfl the cement attaching to the slatesLt Mn«of rendering repairs necessary, anf -Mlua ,> j largely at the very outset thVel,,„ t,fm'n«hlng M The fish did not thrive well fro '"rcesi but some seemed to do prettv 'M some unaccountable manner e"> la %S into one of the principal tank, Sf/1'"1 6ot Mjl Johnson of his last chance of ',«« "1 r6ta.ia,ed." few sola fish, mt mi; "e stiii | vanished." u ttn aYe AdiI in the Ovens ami \r.. the following relative to the m? "fa arrested on suspicion of being one ol u . H rangmg gang which has rL>„.i , fl Ovens district Bradv Ji Y mfesled the fl Sergeant Sutherland, i,u fl identified as one of the lm.i but full7 fl been remanded for further Wd llM fl Taylor pointed 1,1m out in ,m'Cn 1 soon as lie entered the gaol t m !act w » a great amount of trepfdation.' P? who was shot at the Bucklso.1 r . ,maa 9 wefinUhoughthebainiasnotheeaeel8 I The Philharmonic Society's third concert which was given last night in the Exhibition Building, was a decided success. The pro- gramme comprised "Things new and old," ranging from a madrigal bearing date 1541, to a solo and chorus, the words being the production of Longfellow, an American—and Rutter, a Victorian. Mendelssohn's "Not unto us, O Lord," was produced for the first time in this colony. The work of the great master was fortunate in finding such illustrators as Miss Octavia Hamilton, and Messrs Exon and Blanchard. The choruses were well rendered, but the duet and chorus "House of Israel," deserves special notice. The programme was pleasingly varied, Signor Castilli being intro- duced by Mr Horsley, and singing an aria from Mendelssohn's "St. Paul," "Be thou faithful unto death." Signor Castelli was in good voice, was well received, and obtained a unani- mous encore. "The Easter Morning," by the Chevalier Neukomm, is a novelty with the Vic- torian public, and is so varied and melodious a composition, that it cannot fail to secure the position of a favourite. The opening chorale, followed by Miss Hamilton's soprano solo re- reived deserved applause. Mr Exon, as usual, acquitted himself most creditably. The trio, "Round these death mounds"—Miss Hamilton, Miss Watson, and Master Bryant—is noticeable from the fact that this was the first occasion in which Master Bryant, a very promising alto, appeared in a prominent part. Mr Blanchard's bass solo, "When the battle," was rendered in his best style. The second part opened with Haydn's grand symphony, No. 2 ; also a novelty. This performance of the noble composition was followed hy "The Curfew," solo and chorus, which gave Miss Hamilton ample opportunity for the display of her sweet voice. The bass solo, "Pro Peccatis," was sung by Mr Henry Wilkinson in such excellent style as to bring down liberal applause. The mndriorals. a new If feature in the society's concerts, were . :| well rendered. The oboe concerto, by || deserves the highest praise. Mr Fa g| reappearance was enthusiastically : i| was in excellent voice, and was en || scena he sung, Tiie overture i. H " Merry Wives of Windsor," a fl' j| instrumentation, was capitally ren i :, M appropriately closed an unusually !| gramme. Mr Horsley was the conductor and Mr Goold presided at the organ. The attendi | dance was good. Tho South Yarra Amateur Dr, r gave a performance, last evening, at | room, Osborne street, in aid of the i ' . : « South Yarra Gymnasium. The pi ../- ' | for representation were Craven's tw -> 1 of " The Chimney Corner" and : i I " The Irish Tiger." The amateu j the several parts allotted to the: t ditably, and were frequently grco applause of a rather numerous au Moule, a young gentleman possessing a very fair tenor voice, sang t pieces with considerable success. The Polylechuic Hall was crowded last night on the occasion of the visit of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Darling to witness the entertainment of Mr nnd Mrs George Case, . which met with general approbation. Theatricals are apparently in an exceedingly depressed condition at Bailaarat. It is soil that the teetotallers contemplate taking the Theatre Royal, with the view ol converting it into a temperance hall. 