PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. daddt's peize. Societies like these were the greatest possible benefit to the labouring class, and it was a satis faction to him. whilst walking under a hedge, to overhear a little boy who was running by halloo out, "Daddy's got a prize.'"—Colonel Fane, atlhe Bicester Agricultural Association Dinner. Beneath a hedge of late walked I, 'Mid acres rich and wide; When a small boy came running by Along the other side. His father was a labouring man. From this 1 did surmise, That still that urchin, as he ran. Cried "Daddy's won a prize!" " For what, my hoy ?" I asked. "A wife, _ And twelve of us," he said, ' Without relief in all his life, From parish. Daddy bred." "Good man," said I, "his earnings, what? If you can tell me, speak." He answered, "All as Daddy got. Twelve shillings was a week.1' " Well done! His work no doubt was hard, And moderate was his hire, How tell me, boy, then, what reward Was given to your sire? A well-built cottage, I should guess. To hold for life rent free. Of course they couldn't give him less, That's what he got, may be?" "He! Naw," replied the little lout, " A fat lot he enjoys! O sitch a pair of just about New spick-and-span cord'roys!" So saying he pursued his way, And, with receding cries. Kept hallooing, "Hip, hip. hip, hooray! Hoy! Daddy's won a prize! THE FUTURE OF THE UNITED STATES. (From our own Correspondent.] Like the bald eagle soaring in majesty above the clouds, when our free and enlightened .Republic, once more united, has riz into a gigantic Empire, don't you suppose we're a-goin to take up with the cast-off livenes of Europe. No; we mean to have aflunkeydom of-our own; we do. We will have our cocked hats worn fore and hind, and our shoulder-knots between the shoulders. Our plash shall be all striped and spangled with stars. Our coats shall be braided with platinum and alumi nium lace, -our hair-powder shall be made of maize, and our footmen's calves shall be as big again as any of youm. Our Emperor shall have a Lord High Valet instead of Chamberlain. He shall also have a Lord High B 'ots. In place of a Mistress of the Robes we will give our Empress a Mistress of the Crinoline. The Court of Washington shall be attended with Ostlers in Waiting, not Grooms. For your Master of the Horse we will have a Manager of the -Circus, Gals of Glory for Maids of Honour, "and Hossbrcakers for Equerries. And if we don't altogether eclipse, extinguish, and utterly stump out your old outworn effete royalty with our go-ahead rampant, roaring; .imperial splendour, it's a pity. : , DEMONS OF THE FGTUBE. ' Wc have extracted the following advertisements from the London daily papers of ten .years hence :— Lost, on Wednesday evening, somewhere be tween the St. James's Hall ana Hanover-square Booiub, by a lady, a little airy spirit. Answers, by a pinch to the name of " Foggy Cloud." Address " wait for Me," Poste Bestante, Oxford- street, W. Notice.—If the gentleman who was seen. to entice away a small familiar, by offering it a piece of sulphur, in Hyde Park, on Sunday, does not at once restore it to its disconsolate mistress, she will pnt the matter into the hands of the electro biological police. The Spectral Hands Club will meet again for the season at Mr. H. Walker's Rooms, Piccadilly, at midnighton Thursday next. Apologyl—The spirit whe inadvertently knocked out a gentleman's eye by shying a speaking trumpet at him at, the stance in Pall Mall, last week, begs to oiler its best apologies. Its only excuse is that somebody trod on its tail, which it has now had cut off, so that a similar accident cannot occur tmain. We Want Put You!—The Walworth Witches want an elderly lady, of not particularly good character, and fond of cats, to complete a party. Address Broomstick, opposite Mr. Spurgeon's Tabernacle. : Spiritual Apparatus.—The" best wires, stuffed hands, flying jew's-harps, aiitsmaton guitars, ceiling music-tops, ghost crackers, enchanted snakes, transparent paper, phosphorus pencils, and .other requisites are to be had cheapest and best at Doo's Ghastly .Repository and Mart of .Magic, Barbican. N.B.—A female medium in structs ladies. Lord Tomnoddy begs to intimate to bis aristocratic friends that there will be no more manifestations ' in Grdsvenor-square until the return of Lady Tomnoddy ' from the lunatic asylum, to which it has been necessary to remove Henry!—'Why would you not appear at the medium's affectionate call on Monday night? It was very unkind. I want to ask you such a number of questions, ana particularly what you did with the seventy pounds mentioned in your will, but which we cannot find anywhere. We discovered the pink notes. Ob, you badghrst! But all shall "be forgiven if you will appear and say where the money is. — Your inconsolable widow, Lotty. Remember, nine raps, and "Sweet Spirit, hear my Prayer" on the accordion. The magic gibus, without which no gentleman can now appear in a drawing-room, can be had only at Beaver Dam's establishment, Regent street. It flies across the room, squeaking; and returns to its, owner. All the other hatters are mad about it, illustrating the saying, "Mad as a hatter." 1 William Shakspeare, of Stratford-upon-Avon, dramatist, has promised to appear in the spirit, at Mrs. Grubby's seance on Saturday, and will dictate a new scene for his tragedy of "Hamlet." Gin and other refreshments in the hack parlour. Wipe your shoes. A Card.—Jim Mawley, who will he faced by the Nobby Bellowser, reminds his friends of the har monic meeting Dn Sunday evening next, at the Gock Phantom Tavern. Some spirits of departed "Pugs," including Mendoza and Chicken, are expected to attend and pitch into the meeting. Pipes, baccy, and "spirits of another sort," Shakspeare—hem! \- Pickpockets.—Numerous robberies constantly taking place at Spirit Stances when the lights are extinguished, the police advise persons attending such performances to pick their own pockets in their dressing-rooms before going. Scotland Yard. Warning.—The lady, who seized and detained the Hand which was placing a wreath on her head at Herr von Cagliostro's, on Wednesday night, is known"; and if- she does riot restore it without saying anything to anybody, qnd with the ma chinery uninjured, revelations which the spirits have made about her early life will be conveyed to those who are interested in knowing "something about her. Tremble and obey. The Ghost of Mozart will be called up at the Musical Phantom Association Meeting on the 1st instant, and will play some variations on the super- I natural music in " Don Giovanni." It is requested that the two gentlemen who con veyed a lady in strong hysterics from the Apnari tion Hall last Saturday will say nothing of what j she stated during her excitement. There was some, ; mistake—her brother was Dot drowned, as alleged by the spirits, but has returned with a wife and many nuggets. Clara. Dissolution.;of Partnership.—The partnership heretofore existing between Kudor Trick . and Grimm Diddler. spiritualists, hag been dissolved by consent of Mr. Justice Sterne, who has sen tenced the former to seven years arid a flogging, and the latter, tq the Siberian penal settlement for life. Central Criminal Court, October, 1874. PITT THE SOBBOWS OF A-POOR OLD—BISHOP. Fm an elderly prelate, well up on the Bench—, Not a mere norm homo like Thomson or Trench— I belong to the good easy-going old times, When Enquiry was heresy. Doubt worst of crimes; When to drift with the tide and take things as they came. And stand on old ways was th' Episcopal game; . When a man of good blood, and sound views, in priest's orders. Found a liberal profession and liberal re warders; When a Bishop was never seen out of his wig; .Whenhis lawn-sleeves were ample,.his revenues big; When a seat on the Bench, if one's way one could win to. There was no mean Commission one s rents to pry into— Heaven knows what might now be our abject position, If the Bench were not pretty strong on the Com mission ! Then the Bench was a place of fiight-Bererend repose, Whereon round, smooth, and stout, wc Church \- pillars-arose; We might not be strenuous, hut we were solid— Nay, some of us, p'raps, may have verged upon stolid— But t'reir function, I take it, the mitre that don. Is to stand, not to stir, to maintain, not move on. You may whip Peers through school, edit Greek plays at College, But you're bound to scout progress and snub useful knowledge. These Conservative duties we nobly discharged. And no one can say we the Church-pale enlarged; Hooker, Pearson, and Bull, summed our stock of theology, ' We pooh-poohed the Germans, and smiled at geology. None then heard that Hie dogma, which holds all sins' seeds,' "Honest doubthasmorefaithin't than half of the creeds!" ' But nowadays storm-tossed is every see, Say "Good by, peace of mind!"'you that Bishops would be; As for quiet and ease, they are dreams of the past, New even Chnrch-pilla rs are asked to move fast. What with all sorts of heretics, printing, and gabbling, Theologists, BationaliEts, Socialists squabbling— And, as if suchjButsi'Jers had not enough vexed us, Here's a Bishop (Colonial, 'tis true) loose on Exodus! Then one's friends who'd, defend from the foes who've attacked one, Display an activity fit to distract one Show all sorts of pew lights, raise all sorts of vexed questions— Convocations and Congresses, schemes and sug gestions, Till a real Church militant, ail seem at strife. And a Bishop is doomed to " hard labour for life." We are poked up to cut out Neology's cancer; To conaeinn's pot enough, they expect us to answer! When heretics argue 'tis ws must ottpose 'em. And, besides opening question, we're called on to close 'em. And all for a stipend that barely affords A- subsistence for one who takes rank with the Eords. While one can't give a living to son or relation, But the Press bawls out *" nepotism" all through ' the nation. Sydney Smith made a joke how Fiji soon would vary Its diet of bread-fruit with cold missionary— And the practice that loose Canon thus shrined his wit in Has spread in an awfnller form to Great Britain Till for popular carving no meat you can dish up So sure to be relished all round as roast-Bishop! . QUITE ACCOUNTS FOB IT. Among the names included in the proclamation of outlawry made by that well- known officer who beats tjie ominous name .of "Hemp" on Wcdnes daylast .we find that'of "Easterly Bains." This fully accounts for the late dry weather. ' FASHION ABLE NOTE AND QDEEY. (Interesting to Waiters.) ..Why afe white chokers' of an evening cJe riffneur7 n order that a gentleman may he en aarcon, 