MISCELNEOULAS.- :Rockhampton advicesy confirm report ..of Pleuropneuomonia.' 5The' Sydney telegram of the 18th sinstn? says " The C;mna Mail robbers arec;ipioied" Mr, and Mrs.: Kean are playing 'for -sa? nights at Ballararmt ' .: . . Messr.. Hurley, Scott, and Co., of.,Wood's Point; had 1000 ounces of amalgam; half gold, for six day's crsh ig.' The Rev. "Mr.' M'Curtbhir, 'Presbyterian cieigyman, is energeticallyj at work at Wood's Point,, raisings, ubscriptiona~ .for -providing church and school ancommiodition. Tenders bhaoe already 'been.called for the erection of a Church of England school-house:' S'The'l WVagaralta. and Benalla Despaich speaks' moat deiparingly, of the wheat arop, They, say that many - farms of one hundred acres and "upwards will not have produco to the value of'L5. ' " ' 'A most impudent ribbsry was "efected- t Diihioly last week, being-'no- less ,than' the stealing of 'the' revolver whlich'was in ;the hand of the figure'of Claude Daval, "Frynes waxwork exhibition. Thiej'Portlaud journala urge th'e nstruation of-a breakweater in that bay.' as ll 'tthat: is wanted to make Portland By ait harlbonr of refuge,:.Theyquote letters from varilous ship. mastera inninpport of their views. The A delaide Ietq?i?er publishes w, ie verse frirni"'Loidlon Punlch received by'the' Otago relativo to-the divorce story with whlch?:TLrd Ptinerstoni's name is tnixed.up.i. Punch./iys it is the dirty so\udal of the fMorning Star. .A ?.- ma named Andrew Amess, has been flould aYuilty of the nminslaiogh'iter of Jaines Green, through gross cirelesaurss ia'conduct'. ing: blasting operations on the-Williamstowno lin of riilvay.!b, " The Melbourne. correspondent of the Bal. l~arat Starriie aits is fadlls of theMelbonirne Cricket Club :." The 3lellhouriie Crickldt Cluh purposes to hold a special general meeting, for the purpose of revising and alteriig "the exist. ing rules, and if necesary -making additions to tloi?e 'rules. and;inot before some each colrnse has becomdetiedsi;say. This ealub, whvlich h;llds possession of the finest sitd in the publieodomain, known. as the lRichmond Pad dock, and grinted as a place of; public amuse. uenat, has recentlybeesn inaking itself famous bybeiiigrdisagre'eable. 'Nuimeroua'geitlemnen of postio'n nnd 'of"tineiceptiinabl chiaracter have beenn lack balled through bique, ill will, or mere 8vantoniesa, until the exercise of this excludings piver has created.causiderablo;dis. gust in the publi-o mind ins well t 'anm ng the members of the club.- His Honor Sir Redmoid B?rryi? reported t hae?-nl eanLanehiblacb . billing by one,vote. The system said to pre vail is something corresponding to the 'lg. rolling' that prevails iti the Legislative As. sembly. If one person (fur I b'calhardly teirm a perton a gentleman 'who descends to the practice) wishes to exclude a candidate, an underistanding is sanid to Ie come to with other persons wlio wish to 'prevent the admission of other candidates. OOne memtber 'blick-bills his enemy, 'soda 'satifis his meona spite by helping another member to'the like kind of thing., Admissions .re carried, it is.reported, in, the slne? way, one member agreeing not tg blcok-blill aniother member's friend, on the iundeistauding that his l own frhrid pas-es milster. r Thus; the 'real 'bjebt'of the'clubis defeated, A. hblck-giurd:many be ,admitted with the sanme facility an a gentlemait nuy be excluded : The pplorvlednde of this, practice imiiye neobunt for recent evsoitn: It i'i titne that those members ivho eonestitte- thei.re. pectable portion'of the club ronsed themselvea and attode.l to their buliness, .sand destriuyetl a'cligq't which will elie helsl to1deettda tle; club. The pttblle'ddnitmiti Iies been'?biited to io 'speool amseo of saobs." Th'rlight'tS"e'xcildo mustt hve pt justliflotion tllnapitt, iinslt, oar nteiro's elolu dislike.,.Ta jusolify.-blaok tlaliig:') "betdidlate,, there shoubt bo t that og ai et.hl ii ( ri h gx qltgt d es him ~i $ m r . ©l t able Tidate s~oi'sty, c',6nniet-iiig'semciilly against hiuim hiot jtustillos hlia sxaiiunt'o.foi the said of'ihrmotauy ur the -like." If. it was otherwiso, it, ivonulidbo. w0tn'trous to ilo Higlts to .g5ntv up tolanils ol'i the public dlom eios .. ij l'pii'ke wltiuh w ouuld servos to shut out the puiil), aild obihl such sites over to any miln bio'cllq'.e;" ' " * Rust l stated to have affected the maize crop in New South' Wales; Seven Wesleyan Ministers have arrived inb Sydney from En'gland. by the Damaicus. Colonel Pitt is advertising in South Aua *' tralia for volunteers for New Zealand. ' ;, The Sorata'cleared out from Adelaide fot Sydney.- on tle 12th., with 2,600 baga flouFr aiKd8.800' hit'hels of wheat; . . . Green, the champion rower has hId agrand. ovation in Sydney in;the sape'otf a dinoenr , The Fion. C0.Cowper-occupied the choir.' ', 'The Koh.i-noor .Company washed,; on Mon-'. day, 168oz.; Tuesday,191loz.; .and Weadnes) day. over 100oz.; giving a total for.three days. washing of 459oz.-Baloaur at.EvrEmig Post. The Bishop of Adelaide states that there is lin clergyman of the nnmhe'of O'Kief hi tlii list of the clergy of the -Englibh 'or. Irish! church.: . '. - , ,:' An attempt was made by three prisoners to, escape froill Darlinghurst Gaol, by "oitting through' the door, but the attempt wai 'frus." trted. ' ' SWhen the Hindoo priest ls:aholt to bhptizeza;: ai infiont, he ntters the following sentiment : -" Little babe, thou entorest the world weep;' ing, while'all arnind itiee selile ' contrive so as to live that you may depart in smiles,! while all around you weep."--Preston-Gut ar The cricketers of Adelaide have, by.t i. of their friends, been enabldIl' toffer £1300 to-', r Mr. MarshallU aS'a hbu for a viit, of the ≪:I SEngliatnd: Eleven.-i Mr. Marshall's aiswer has Sieiin unfavorable, so that there is little chance , the English ericketers. , The tMatch between the All-England Eleven ' ' rid the Tiventy twd of Ararat, :which coi-., enre onthe? 4 thi wan broughtItoa a clote.?? , ridy.ay The. Engllshman were thefl st tBg :' e' to the. wickets, and when th elast man had . ' been disposed of 137 runs had been scored.' SCa'reuter heading the score with thirty-five.': Small as the tntal was for. the Eleven; It w was. more'than eufficlent to' insure avictory in one ' innilgs, as the.resulthas proved. .TheTwenty two in :the first innings 'were nable to miak Siiore thani thirty-five, of which dumbeir Willl' Scrintribet'ed five;n ai d ifntheir seeuiid innings; they '-iere'still' more unfortuliiate,. the total then being:only.thirty-four. .; Willsewas diae,:, p'sed of without scoriing,.and i y, the first-. ball de'ivered to him. The total ina bbth innings, tlherefore, was only sixty.nine, so.thati thei Englishnmen have won the' match 16e one iniings, and with sixty:eight runs . to ispare. As the .game was intended to last over tirees ' days, it was arranged that iti acrtch niitoli shloull be played to-daiy. The match at Mary.* boroiicb,' fr which great ' prdpnntion: are being made on the partof' the, pliyers sand others there; begins on :Tesday;. TYe notice thAt the good people of Avoca, through 'which place the Eaglishaen, will pias oil, their way to' Marylboriinghl, have' resolved to' invite the Ptriengersi toý' apublic' bzealfaest,. which 'will take place on Mond.iy foretidon.r .A letter: frEm. Mr. C. E.- Pascoe, town clerk, to lr., MalhBliall, .conticiing'ni' ilaviitation forthe'"' E'evea, and the reply of the latter coatveying the asceptance of the. proffeered kindneia- as been iublished in the local paper.:'. It seems -. that a largerineiiberof peraona.h,tie, signified their intention of. being presentat the recep tioni of the eam.: . 'A GnosT OUti?wTED'-A' short time ago" a i-ke, to g9iod not to'be nilrated, was played upon a jolly old worthy, at one of our insne, in the town of - . This sciol of the Bie'. chanialian school, be it understood, elid siige to the botitle and barrel for several days. .Some', of his red.nosed companions being aware of the circumatancesa,' and thinking'; that..he ewas doing it rather too hard, agreed upon -trying an experiment to frigliten .him -into'a more sober way. Night being fixed dposi fi;r the. joke, away they werit to. the inn described, and there they found his 'worship 'in' a back parlour, qnite intoxicited, .and fast. asleep. Wyhilst in ihis apparently happy state, he was taken and placed full length'.inside .a coffin, which had been procurred for the joke. 'Hav . ing slept ii this receptacle for. the dead, forL' some three 'or fours, "he 'awoke,' aiid 'upon raising himself up he gazed about him, first f onone side of the coffin and then on.the other, muttering to himself, as he'vi?ewedthie melant c:holy piecef f firirtii i',re Wherahinael, W.hore" have I gottenito rF.Whilst, ii the act of stying.A soi a tall porfly-looking figure, shoudedar . in a white sheet, valked fro m.'' lagea- cupboard,' Sand on marching up to the box, faintly:whis. P?ered, " Yoiu ae .ead." 's DeI d I" said-! the disciple of.. Bicchus, fixing hi eyes steidfastly upon the. object, before himin;.,aye, an' hoo'. l.ng hae I been d?iil";' A' A week," answeied? the ghost. "Anc are ye dedI'tol"' ; o Yes,' replied the .spectre. "Hich,' sirs; an' hoo I ! ling haeeye been dead,I sayfP'I;'Afortnight," flid the'ghost. "H'ere then lad,'! responded' the i interrogator, (putting his- hand; in 2his pocket.) I ye ken this place better, than I do;' ' bring us twa bottles o' ale."'. This was too good for the ghost, and, before he ioulld gei ont of the'room, he burst into an immodeMrat fit of laughter.- Stirliny Observer. ', ..;' :The following deacription'of the recognition of Mrs Thomson's mlmutlerer is taiken from.the Aucklaud .Journal o fthe"lst inst :-" The Maciries, true'to their promise, assembled.yed . terday -tol the' number 'of '300, held:, i rununga' and' were quite readly and will-: ing that the alleged murderer, whoever he might ibe, should: be, pilked out: fromm amongst them. Rurangi was itamniigst them I The' Maories declhre pliiiii ly'tlial: Rraiogini sll : lie instanitly given up .tb;.be hing, 'if he'is ideiitifed: 'Subseqieutli', Miss Thomson went to id nitify the,murderr,;nnid, the following;' i is an necount of the proceedings :-The chief Panl, addressing the natives' ordered themii ito take off their hata or' ither head eiverings, niid this was done inistanter. He thenosaid,'when the girl. points out the.main, sit q uite quie Be patient and be quiet. , That is all I have to tell you. Ifthe man is here whu iommintted tlie crime, anl "she' pits 'him'oidt thien ho will be taken. Paul thei, in ans exceedingly polite manner,:gave his hand to Mi .s Eliom son, and led heir ,slývly towards the base of:" the triangular group', of native. The Rev.' Mr Gittoa followed, leading Miss H. lt. Thom. son." The; Europeanss formed a1 "thin linesi frontilig the Maories, about e fifteen. pacesb distant., and were .icist;anxious . sp:atnrtor of thea' proceedings?, Thoscrutiny hadnow. commencedhin earnest, and an" inposing still-, ness reigned-wmore impresiive' feonm the idu d deli 'cehi.stiin of the inoise of :'s "' many voicesa the 'blye alosie'ibeing 'noiw emplojyed .' watching;intensely the movementseof :-'Pl P eand eMi Thomamon, as elpwly they apparoached - towoarelo the'eieddle of the firt grmoup. " They.., '? prissed' n', and lnow, to the initiated-to'thasea' who keew Runngit-it iappeared hi t would nol 'j that she could not fii to. ienlify him, th . number cit Miorlies present had bewildered her,' and her mother's' and o iater's murderer must osc~iie. She hlld got twod paces past the a line in:which Rurangi was seated-five deeip-d . r wheu half-turning runnd,;i she auddenly. t snatched her hand from Paul's, and advancing . Swith hurried movoenei't, ; tepped' between e other :Maories and pointed himn out with' her t closed:parasol.' Ho 'lung down his head' at once; but.afterwards raised it, and made ii' somewhat siiister smile. Miss Thomnou's de a lay in isinslnt recognition mnay be acoiinted- ;' 'for' tli'ls :Ruriaiigi, on Tlhnrsdiay clipped his h beard close. andeaiiiae his arrival at the settle I ment: had been complainteg of illness, thuse enabling him to 'keop to his quarters. When pripalring with otheirs for the serntiny, he had buttoned a soldier's largo frieze coat close to the' tliri'it, covering hiis shirt sleoves, and of oiuirseo hls'; arms, on which the woe"' " Rsueingi" was writton. He hung down his head, aas 'Miss. Tholson nolered the line ot'. which he fnrmeild a link, and other Mllaories did h(fles'eame,'pnseibly to give countenance 'tohis ' doing soe. lien shle ladl pissed hin hhe rnsed ,' his head a- litle, nii hlie wass idetified itniee • ,' diately. Mis . Tlomoli,:l after idl'ecltiiing.. - Rlrangii,. aipelied'l very i?nmlch afl'ceteA, 2and 'oedred neit sB point lf'-fatiniig eas she turn?ed away i: but 3Ir. Lamb proimptly c.ini up,'aq&a; hurried lher aniiid i-'tl0:?yingerdnithlottr tqitho.' a sUtnanit of the h;lI, iewleroe they j,'ined .their " fatlher, anld ilmost immnlediately startoed, it was said, to return to theoir farum. OC; the 20th instant Rurauigi was lroight befuno the poliue' Smair, all.tur numilttod for trit.)." - -.Nearly. all the ballet .girls antd fi u. rantes empl?iled at the Paris theatres h are hoit English girl. a A splendid -nueiet reighin' 1ll it onan'ee, aaris ohitibeild oi tite 1Ith from h the - Metropdilran .Conimiain's . "elidnd c Bilharat. - It is deseribel as being.nile of the ppvt specimene of the kind which bh bsi at been fennd If To ri Fei u tdAe .--TThe earthqliske i t was felt in a great many parts or Lodenii: hi O0l Beeti, the Chorch' .rden. -nysa ii that after he-left the " Grtanty Arms," n th· pavement hit him in ithe face, and stn the honse dowr. refused to admit his ,r latch-kev.- Punch. Y Speaking. of the effects of General dr Camer'tis ' moveenlnt to ltata\Wata, - and-, the lalnding of a force at. H;glsa under Colonel Wadlly, the Southern so OCrne? ais:--' This movement will pm "i tin in pi-sessin of half thli pnwince of hi Airllalnd, anldl removes the .seat of war va 100 nitles from the capital." . r "='THE FIRsT '.?D [s s.- Many vears on saiirce sigile on a tour in Cornwall,- we ev remembir ci sei l' on the. einob'ard of fil tie inn at -Sehtian, a nmall village near sp the L.and's End. hin one side, '['he First ilb S?t -in t: Eiland,I" andl ollt the other, to . ,'rlie-Last hInn i: En'land. --Preston an Guardians = dl TeT elb'uarite correspotident of the ý iraret tirrstites that The Chines att :ileatia areina t ate tie ot uonsual"l ex- tL citeini t. It appearsi that the cI?ase of I this is the, arrivel, iin tli haby of a' ship is ianmed, theTehternaya, froi Hiing-Koing, 2 the cnargo of rwhichi is understood tt. be c?nhinned toa Chinoese' firm, and. being - v~alued at soimetihhig like £ 120.000,: the nu duty will, of ciiree; he "siiuethiiiig" cn th iiderable.:'Rumour.says that the firm in tL qiistinil' has beti en edeavouring to get It te- ship's manifest ahterediai, d some ar "other and less eminent 'firm made the ti consignees of the cargo." The news of th the "-late seiznre of Chinese dutiable m goods hiil'iit reached China when the is Tcherniiya left for Meliesurne. Further to revelations may be expected before the at gamea is played, oa. but it is pretty ot certain thatthe Chinese puzzle lihas been E solved, and thait the clue. obtained will lil be6 so ,pertinaciously followed up as to I. prevent Celestial smuggling for some w timte'tocome" y -The Geelong Advertiser is respon. er siiblefor the fillowiing:-" One oit the D most surpriiiig evernts on the Alelbonriue if cricket' grpund,' apart -from the game cr itself, wasn the restoring of the entente so dordiale between the lhonorabIle:Miiister til of Mines and the honoralle , Dr. cr laeladam. This was brought abipit in C a asmewhat curions.manner. Mr. Mark L."Kin,, in his endeavora to get up ia E cast for an aimateur performance for smne i charitable purpose, in which members no of-Parliament would alone hle allowed to re lppear,' selected. as `the piece de resis- in \- faiicei"eaieb.Prei e'ed." Mr. Sulli= a van had alreadyl 'acceptfed the part w assigned to him, luta Pierre was fouund il wanting, .'aoil'ai. King falling in with h SDr. Macada u, at ontce asked iim t o doii a tie-bn skiin in that chariacter. This he c cobnsented to do, ;int w\bhe he. f ;ud he a would hae 'to -cntifrout: Jaffer, it ?as o iesitir, '-before " a "reheairsal, that at reco?nciliattbit s?hlld tiske' pliace This r * bot it? aim-ost agrecalile sta?e olhiiiritedi:al 'rcollection'of poli- v ticaiy?iirreisi. :' Aw AiAn l?ehr'o;bi?es sFor Dri'FE- - useczE i 'iTuE COLOURi3l 1i i.- D i " Midaiie ;Eve: having [hal five hundlredr children iludrin", her sojourn on earth, a swhsdit last rather ,liignsteil with her self ail lie: friiitful niiiatiplicit;y And iin a order to escape' thei burden of nursiig it any 'mdre, tshe caine to a resolutirin of la hidling the :next babe as soon as it was c bori, unider the ground.; but the aigel t Gabriel, who had obserbed her naughty 1 conduct, deliverd it from- seuch prema. IC Stre -burial and, took care of it ! . lle then went into the garden, where Eve c was enlying' herself unidier the cioil I ~ihal. of a deliciiius treee and "tax;d her fl with ihe 'sin, whichl she denied vehe- si mently. :Somhe days afterwards, Gabriel a told. her WhiIts he i had witnessid,:: an ti hovw lie had preserved the cliild, and, a dleaf to Eve's.eitireaties and repenitltce, ti Swith rone stamp of his fitihe ctuseal it al to' beitiansn?p?ted' into Africa.: Thq cir- .I cidditatace of his iaving. been Unwashel a for.'' niyl days, prevented hi 'ever e recovering his. priostine ;.,whitenies, anin d fromn that period, all, his descenilats were blick.- lodsiao's Travels isi Egqjjpl. t SPow1oai OF a uiesicL "oFr Cods.ii I' Itis ivell-kniown to miiodern engiiieers, a that there is:irtue e in a bushel of coals, I prciperly 'consumed; to r;aie' seventyt uiihliotis of poitids weight a foot high; Tlihi is i ddtiul.ly, tlif.average" ffect of an i engilneat,tliisnlloment?- ,working at [luel Tiowan; inGClOriwall. 'Let tis :pause a riiiminot, a'tid coitsider Wlhatithis is equiiiv;i~i t.'to ' i ininatter o fi( pnipctice; : The a'ceiie"t of iioutint BliAlae frbm the I ? :Valely of Chamouii :is!considered, anld .. viih Justice;:, s el oinst tailsome: rent S litia , iitrnciu " dait tiexfecline iii twi , i Ti.,, ta cnuiottrio o of too putints i _: ..•.-..of:otal wouhll pl?imc a on -thLhesulnmit? S -atuiendci9i wiurhs tif art-'thiat- has been :- raised ??i: ? h ima iini muriit d gers, co?nisic " bf a iti'is oh ',ir?i, iiot .less than folir nrilli eis fnrl pouns lin weight, ;euepen S del 'at a niediumn heighr-ot iohrifut I 20 feet aliove thoissea The coinbtition of sen-builisels of roel would stiffice to r f ;lit ;t, .the AplCBe i lhero it Iluim. J'he pgreat pyramid tof Egypt is coih piosid nf granite" It -is 770 feet in thiti esid of its bnde;:, a 6 500 feet il' perpeI . h iadulait- leiglt, atl' , taidsid . eleven naeres:of .griittil . Its wihiglt i, 'there \- fotii; 12,760 ,milliiote if lioluide;, at a m d.iiimilini -h'eight i ,125 fet'i; comihi "it Itllly; it boaf raidtd L-y oli ni eitrt : of ,-olibliti 630 l:haldros oi cl eml--ua qulin titycoiiotns iii'lii itume, fotiundries iiti it weiekt ,hli ilnittil consihiatihti of con, hlihiti ti?,." 'it effrt of this"qotiattv witnhl eulhllis sit ra i ae it leit l lhidiik ft m: : : rmhble, 22iJO fsf, tin' the side;,i tl"Iibh ha s, ". ataetlual t~iltt own helmlt .or to pile, Mo:n; !oiM?)te, Nnovo,,earI-: ilizlsllz (which wits er ripled in "a :'ilgle oiiglit, by voluanit " iifr), oiibgt linia ie bui'rihlfui b1y ?utl its . The Cardli.al Archlishiop rp ofCoogiie hbs just decided that women shall.not ,1 aiy- loner he perniitted to.aing masses ill in music in the- cathedral. of that city, la bht that the service shall in future be no chanfed onl by .men. .AiSTAl s ?i G TELEGRM.i- .A ship w betn6in " to a -'entleman usamed lIieS,aen a sailed froithis port a few week.s a~ hi .r anaila.with a cargoof,<olas.Shortli at tsef.,r~she left, it was ascertatini d that she otwner had not sent down sufficient A !nalilg for the vessel, and the agent w startled his clerk by the order. ~ Tele- he ,.rph to HIeaen for more coils " The t youth to whom this command wais ad- lit dressed alnuit fainted on the the spot. pl \- Greenock Advertiser. th NEW? SOOrTH WALEs -Politics for hi sdime time past hane consisted ohiefly of fg "words, words," the tithe in the Assem- de bly haviinr been chiefly occupied with V vain antd enptly speeches. Sulse pro- gl ress, hiwever, was made in the tariff tlh in Wedinesday, 'Thursday 'and Friday. ivenings, the duty.oni run having been an fixed at s 'a gallon, and that on other St spirits at 10s; lout rum distilled in th the coliny from duty-paid sugar is only pu ro pny Isa i., Thel i duty on clihanipage an and other sparkling wines is to hlie .10s a wl dizi i (qtliarts), and on othier wines 3si a to allo6 On beer tlie duti hias beenfixed, Pr ist'3sa galloni; on dried fruits andi iuisl, tli LOsa cut.; ,on oiLhOnd. turpentine 3d a at gallhn; on candles (except tallow) Id 'a n pound'; r anidoSfectioinry, and preserves di d a pound. " Tax PniSdCE Or? Wi.s' ELDEST SoS. -O?ir latest intelligenice from home an- Is nounced thbattheaccouhe?inentof H.R.H. al the Princess of W. les .swas exileeted to ti take place at the latter end, of March. th It seems that a tUiestioln has already G arisen relative to the title io be liorne by li the Prince ,t :Wales' eldest son, in case iw the-Royal pair should Ihe blessed with pa male progeny, and, cnriously enonoh, it re is said that therie are not many precedents sil to serve as a guide. Previous to the cl accesioun of the House ofll Hanover, onlly to one Prince of Wales, the Block Prince in E'lward, had a suit born durit' Ihis father's life time. Oii the adcession of Kini'Georea 31 1\. his eldest stin (afterwards George IL) bh was created Prince of 'Wales nod thirde ie years 'afterwards -his eldest son' ,'ias createl';Duke of Gloucester;, anil ini 1726 s Duke if Etinbiurlh. i )i"te iAcceesiin ihi if 'George II,, Prince Friedlrick : was !ie created Piince of -\lVles, aind his eldest wv sin llafterwiirdi. 'Geor'ger III) bore the co title -df he duke if i;.Ediduitrglh, ti:l ýv creiited Priine .of 'i)'??tles land :rl of ti Chester oi lhiis father.sa death in 1750.l ci The match tietieen the All-'Englanl tn Eleii sitit til e e?t; .twt ri'of Ballinit fo iasi r' blit ii a chIse' yesterday after noon a little iefre.f onr. o'clock, and the ii result was a victory for the Englishmen IF iti one inlings, adld w~ith tielve .rnts tb it spare. .Thetotiial of tte eleven was 188, 01 While that'of the: Twety'-ti·,, in ioth ii ihnings, was -176. ' VWills. was the i1 higheatt scorer for; Ballaarat yreserld'y, with a well-.gt thirty-two;" At the P close of the gatlie a siilgl -uicken t i:iich l was playiedi betaxeen Graie and Tarrant c ott the one:lide, and eight of the best of 0 the"Victorian players on the other. The c result-was an. undoubted victory for'the 1 ti' m'embbeis 'o the' Esilisl' te-tii. Grace, who rentiti first, 'iade' elievel, F winle tarrant Tn aile tihne ottal, tvwenty. To nasisit iesi in the fiehll the Einglish- t ien' had ooly (site ,iari-J, . o. T I'hex., I dspis?il 'e of thlieir tipipitieti" fir elei eii it runs, or as imauy as wre wmade by Grace It alone. .,. t. G iu?LOLIzrE .AcoroENTcr-Ont Monday3 aftera;ion,.a distressing, accident occuried 1 in' the Mauinurd;aI n aid another life, in ii all. plrobaoility, 'sa. been eat.ri'ficed ito crinoline.. A yocng ' wuomanl , about 1 twentiythree' years of ge, 'nanictd Bridget' Meally, who 'as servant to Mr. d Cuorneille, was pocupied in. soie .house. ti hold business. .Slhe had on a large ateel crinoline,. nlid when removing a pot c froin the fire' her dress canghlt the tI flames. She ran through. the hsbiise v spreaming, out iito the. air, and bdck again. At luast she made an effort to get to the back door of' Mr Andersonh's boot i andl shoe: shoi, "r where hlier sci'inei s a tl tracted tlie attittion of the persulit in h thei shop i, 'w opened tlie :door, :and' l tund. her in,-a frightful ;state.: .?The I shopmen;, after a 'great' detl 'of trouble, t extiilguishllied th flames, 'lit .this steel ii uhoops iere sao hot as to reinder it.iil' possible to: handle them,- .The'i: bldy. of it the poor girl wuis frightfully;: biirlt: nall t lisr legs, pre'sented al horrible asiglit. l She u'vs? plced ill a 'cab aiid:. iken.to to tu hospital, int ,Dr WVhitcombe s'itedl tlhat she couild not survive foir two lioliral At eight o'clock last nighlt the poor girlg was asiltkit i faig.-Sti .sie b " ii: ballni f., gigantid si ies hae?i conestructed lately illn Frantce uiider' the directiosi'ff '1-M. Nalihr, who allplears to levote hlitisielf to the tarostititum; arid his al .int'entioi? iil piojet?'-to adopt lthe actiora oh'the asrew propellertotravellin iifthe airi; ail Ihais foludtled a jourInl dailed L'"aeronaste, to keiep tthphiislii fihly isifroid ., im"it? Iltfiavorite ;siilIjeit: I ieg ,,oata.dIt.niss?sto ii sty-grapuisss~s titi- uneristans 'it exc'itemeint 'aid"ronlderi ioritito di nieithiys, ishcilled *lo. Goiast," is "180 feet'in heighi tid 100 yarsl.ii r ciriifereeiuce, .has otniliyesd 'Zh),0it) v.ards of silk, at is per yard' anIl Ist nttoliedl to it, instead oif tlu usuial car,-a f eniall lhouse of lhaket work' contiiiliuingf i ie frteshment romlh, a lavatiry, a cinpart; Siltoiet: for the Caitain'a bed anu d .tlth' sslt'ngeTs' I?"a'ae, and nilh liier .witi. i three sila . Thl'e m inahlii iinot 'yet i- millete, luit .lilidoa s'picies'bf lfirst tiip I froti the hlilii of Itho Chimp dte "Iars Oll" \- tll Octiber last, in plresotene of a pro dligious multitildi. -Tloe prices of ad-' mistsilln ti6 the groiiid lIlriughtr abuit Is 0.000 fiaj.cs, Paosegtirs farei"bn \- bIard the bIllnIai wert 1,0O0 franie eOlich, i id thirteei pOarsits easayied the ascelit; !I Priilce'sm rii;ititugre th ltiiunheoi T'Ile ' li-rmt , viyags o iuly hias.ied a fewI liomirA, tiitt istsit sita.,1.I N iliur ii's titln il~eteil It li ai iraIgbitnents, hIo will" ilipr ibly pr6 i5, d os l ln.. m ?. \e muslnt imtorget tontote ' that ' the GOuitrt" was oue str?tesll byzan assiathlon cllel the te hciete Geinrale A t' Aelrrotishtin et d'. Antoriinoiolm s riosntite, oisntnirseied tI' Asitoloemotiis. l i.nastion i;i iiiinsn wisliie h, in 'hluiigtli, .earfeoniu rt lirs 'v to the bhilloonit'ialf ' ...Mrs PriindEton is?of" opf iiiin that Mount Vesuvius should tike sarsapar illa to cure itself of. eruptions. `The old lady thinks it ,has been, vomiting so long nothing else;wonld stay.on!its:smach. . An eoperienced' womin "a·sertsthat (B when mein lreaktheir herts, .it isall the. name as when t l6obster break one, of his claii's=ariother'sprouting imediately anindgrowine in its place.:: °'^ annlidorPr. We'understand. that?0laflvnn, of?:the All- England 'leven ;.hans initiinated his M willin_"ness to be retained by the.lMel hournieClub is professional instructor, if n teris can bearau"eed upon. There is ile little doubt that this. cpital all-rouned player would be a great acquisition.to by the colony in a cricketing? sense, while .f hi.s 'enial temper and his expressed hive Si for the.cilony itself poiint him- out as a of desirable, colonist. The criekieters of cl Victoria generally would, no. dublt, lie un glad-to hear of his-being engaged by Ni the Metropolitan Clnh -Star, 15th Jan co Tas REWcAn OF VALO~ '.-1Th whole 38 amonnt received. ,by n. btir.inspector Ri Stephensoni from 'the Government for A the capture of Lowry, as:L3L7 0ls. The ho puolic will thiinkiit itcredible, tliat'afteri a an expression of: feeling ::inhis favour aft :which rang from one end of lihe colony p to the' other, he' should have been de- thlt prived of tlih re?ard irhich' ie earned ait qi the risk of his life. Is it to beownidered c'oi at that the paice nif ineffiui nttor ifck= y iniadl iii the eecition of tlieir~daligeriiin dnties, when 'they .are - treated "in this til manner. Sir: Henry Barkly arrived at Port t Louis on the Gtlih of Novebher; and was ce allow'd to'land withoutany denionstra- ar tions offwelcone:: He was iinet on bard set tiht vessel by thte principal ificers of:the I Government. General Johnston, who cli had been adminiistering the Gdvernmiert Bi was not present. t-There l ere no? pre- ap parations at Government House for his- an reception. Sir Heneryv,as soon as pos- of sille after lauding issled the iusual pro- I clamation. aiuniucint?g his appoinitment' R to the Office .if Governor. lie wa rsworn tw in ,on the 27th: . . t al A rather enrious quarrel has arisen at ap MTiraibireanu Cliareite, between the Jo bakers adid their cnstanera. The. mnaor BI lihd given orders that when, the blakers tih bient rouad to deliver tllhir; bread,. they Ibh slhuli- carry -stales ::nd 'weights :with a iliet.' IThe bikers then refuseid tticariry at oiiit-th?i?'lall at all, aiid the tlie' rtifin'ers tl were iciiipelled t6 go ,for it,; but they ti could :fiitil nne baked' 'he cisequence li ras~ thait 'co?irse W'sr:obligcil tiit lie had Ii tt potittoes na a suhlititteia Theimutti It tcipal conicillors and some of the iihiabi- lit toots: held a neetingi for the purpose of lo formiii, .n joii.tt- erock halckin'comianyf. o? The oll untive clieif Deremut,; 'il;i, t iil 1:?5, saived the lives'oftthe HionJ.- PP ni SFa okner tand a partytif the first settlers in'ihi'cdolony, by giving timelyw:arninig of ithe treachery of one rof the'friendly. I iribes, is now lyitig in thed lfellioirtne in HIospital very ill, and nlapparenitly near ce his end. 'Mr, Thomas. the aboriginal ti protector. on Friday took ap Inbra and rit three 'Westeri' Port blaks.toi tee; tihe ?ild chief, ainl an afeecti?t-scete " occurred, at oane of the :men, a broth?er;of the sick it chief, failling Our his neck- andr. weping it iOn Odhitritda?-Mi ;'Edward Wileon mia si publicly priesehtited itit i d'ddrese fro'in the Anti-translortationi Leaigue of Vie- in tnria, thanking him foir his exertiins.i lli " Loiglant,in its pnisiii to the reomisn a inendation 'if tle ePeunl aervitiude Coin- a miusiinera; in ifuva?ur,.of :transportation m to '\Yestern -Austritlia The meeting It ians hIel at the ,lecha!iiics' listitute : rnd a Sias presidelI over liyMr II S Chaipnian I in the utiavoidable albsence. of thle liHn. t W.i O .'Haines,' chAirman of the .league, a Mr 'Vtils onini acknowledging : ltie" ci)ut f plinteni plaid to hiitin, m?i initinterestifing I speech onb tlhe aint-tranispirtirtisni agitai?. tioil an d the prospects of. thi :rovemenet. e Hle strongly urged the itiilortanceioflthe: li colony not relainig its elurisr to i id'vriti ti the recommendatiutie of tli` ,Peuil Ser: vittide CounntissionersJieinrg d?rried into E effect, and: iuoistinig upuni?leaving, .,de- I fiuite ansiiser to tihe ..protests ,vhichhadt been seit'homieo.. He'expressed'ia elief It that the- seubject twield probhbly cdin e libefore the Itilmerial ,Parltinfiett shortly i sifter Easter, ansd IiggesteI ,thiatle. e'ls i wlhichlihave.beent takeni by ildlei?gque t;. e iusaketihe En glish public saeiishinted with tl rie :veiiv o thie AastraliAnit hilkuiei u shoduld be steadily'flloweil utip until ttil. questionri ws dincussetl.by thl'e Legis-it ture Mr -Wileson, counselled the adoption of titire, del isive i:reiasures atter? tht? period,' it':" ecessary' sittii 'til thlat ai tiplhad of convieta.huld tie,set Irin I hereto ElBtoal.l a o 1 Oiue otstthe aritdles to be mFist -exten sieely gexpir'ted thit' year will'heijai the: ututtoifuctut r of whiic:is just liip e giutug siployisit to alargatnumber of h ?ds-i T . dehismind; for.all deecip; 1 tiiltof iof.,it I'rtlita ia much brisker titi n this seseoltiitdt 1l llt.'ilis altii:6t inU-f I pisaibl, to estiimti te the qtsatitity wn,'liichl will bie tniiihnctuhreld : at 'tihe - varidus itithlishiueott: .r itw~ill dpied" en "Messrs -Peaoklc.: ail'lriuhnsiin; will tturi ii6t tIMbout: un hutn ldred' intit lifty toie,B hMiintos Ktiight" .atd Alle'on eigluty tois; Air H : Peake, eigihty. t',iiH ;.and Mlesrs r irsswell, Ltpscumbe, &.; larger, qi..ai titiu thatiu ii past yeara. T'le style in whichtlidtt articld geteirall"r is got up, : reflects ther highldst dredit tipoi? thdi t i nunnlhctrdre"rs atlr th; en Ictis:j~ arid vli , ililtra sit i up ierior ., si,,iitle can;i ld shipiped eto tlhe adjsiingtiu, oluiesia andI cold: at tlhe rntes nuiw olained, w e isee reason for our neightliiirs to iiveest ai ll lni thisr rulbislitg -artricle ilinirlted rt om EHigland. A hgiood.l priof, hwvueor, Iof the uceso of tisu eintitrprisn is that sl dI uialeto in thieo lhrgitt~ establiishi'neiit lit; ,l?.ist yer, hasi. hsi(g since b'esii odis.-: ie psised of,and,"everal torii oftlihscasnsiiosa r, iproduce haoveiready bees shipped awiay, il YVe trust lthat thei budiie?s; will! tontinue to? be Jtibttetded itl ;equal recscitsaidid ts long sait is gut, up itr the preseutex collent 'etyle.: Prices genitrally. givei tbyhtlie ilantii hturttteres anre au blov ??l ItaspberrtelOdh pore lb; rod. curraito, l,0I per .bhliel3· bladcrk tt, ?irr a, t itd cherriea, about 2d: per Ib. JIouoart I..' Toa.dverlis; :'', 