TOPICS OF THE DAY. The funeral of Mr. H.F. Leader took place in the North Adelaide Cemetery on Thursday. The universal respect in which the deceased was held was fully testified by the large procession that followed his remains to their final resting-place. The cortege left the late residence of the deceased about 11 o'clock, and proceeded along Fimuss-street, North Adelaide, to Kermode-street, turning into O'Connell strect, through Little Adelaide, and thence to the Cemetery. The band of the Adelaide Regiment pre ceded the hearse, and played -with solemn measure ? The Dead March in SauL" They were followed by the members of the Loyal Albert Lodge, L0.0.F., M.U., of which the deceased was Secretary and P. 0., and members of other lodges, all dressed in their funeral regalia. After this came the hearse and the family mourning coach.. Next following this were the chief officers of the Order, all in carriages. These included P.PG.M. E. A. Fiveash, G.M. Sanders, P.O. Lithgow, D.G.M. Sherring, C.S. Leaver, P.O. Claxton, P.CK Matthews, P.O. Clark, P.G. Howe, Brother Bament, and P.P.GhM. Cox. Succeeding these were a number of vehicles contain* ing members of country Lodges and several per sons on horseback. The Venerable Archdeacon Woodcock officiated at the interment in a solemn and impressive manner, and G.M. Sanders then delivered the funeral address as prescribed by the lecture book of the Order. The deceased was 49 years of age. He leaves a family of nine, twe only of whom are able to earn anything for themselves. The Christ Church Young Men's Association postponed their ordinary meeting out of respect to the departed, who was one of its honorary members. The suddenness of the event, and the usefulness of the deceased, has created much gloom in a large and Borrowing circle of friends. A meeting of the members of the District Conn eile Association was convened for Thursday, at the Norfolk Arms, Bundle-street. There were pre sent—Messrs. J. Barm, of Portland Estate District Ooauofl} 3b. J, Duamn, of Brighton} M.r, p, Beyer, of JJoarlangaj Mr. E. Gillard, of Talung?j Mr. G. Gale, of Nairne; Mr. J. G. ConUs, of Payneham and Highercombe; and Mr. J. K. Penney (Secretary). The Secretary stated that the object for which they were most particularly called together was to consider the most fit and proper person to represent them in the Central Road Board for the ensuing year. He observed that the Angaston District Council had resolved to urge all Councils living northward of them to vote only for a north man; and this would be a matter for their consideration. At the meeting held in August Mr. Hewett attended to enforce the advisability of adopting his amend ments to the District Councils Act; bat it was re solved that they were not considered necessary or expedient. Bat Mr. Hewett still persevered in his endeavours to carry his propositions, and stated i in the House that only one or two District Councils objected to them. This he (Mr. Penney) on behalf of the Association, felt bound to contradict, inasmuch as 13 Chairmen of District Councik were present representing every part of the colony, and all these opposed the BilL He also presented a petition in his own name, on the part of the Association, against the proposed amendments, which were ultimately thrown out, and the BUI remains as it was. Mr. Coglin' also in a grandiloquent speech said only one person, who was always complaining, objected to his Im pounding BilL He was, therefore, obliged to write to the papers to explain that 13 or 14 members were present and objected to the measure, which was also prevented from passing the House. Their Chairman (Mr. Dunn) he might remark, took great interest in the matter, and travelled 200 miles to see that the Association's views were properly represented. Then Mr. Mildred made an attack upon the Central Road Board, which he felt compelled to rebut; for at a meeting attended by 23 members a unanimous vote of confidence was recorded in favor of the Board, thus showing that the opinion of the country differed very greatly from Mr. Mildred. He had been instructed to send circulars to the various District Councils, asking them whether they could suggest any amendments in the District Councils Act. Illness had prevented him attending to tiiis matter as early as it otherwise would have been ; but he had carried out his instructions, and he had received five or cix replies, which he would forward to the Government. There was some tiling mentioned last meeting about the desirability of | having one uniform system of keeping the District Councils' accounts. He had forwarded to the late Commissioner of Crown Lands a copy of a new assess ment-book, and he had seen the present Commissioner on the same subject. That gentleman had agreed to confer with him again on the matter. The only thing now for him to mention respected their finances, which he regretted having to bring forward again. As a water mill could not go without water, bo their Association could not go on without money. The Association had enough members to make it self supporting, provided they all paid up; bat this they did not do. Only £21 had been subscribed, while their expenses were £29. His salary was only ! £16 a-year; the other expenses were made op in. printing, advertising, &c.; He trusted the Chairmen would instruct then 1 clerks to forward their amounts, so that he could liquidate the outstanding accounts. He had not this time advertised the meeting because he wished to avoid any farther expense. He would not have called the meeting until the following day if he had been aware that the Central Road Board in tended to meet that day. Perhaps, as there were so few present, it would be desirable to postpone their meeting until the next day after the proceedings of the Central Boad Board, when they would probably secure a much larger number of Chairmen. This suggestion was agreed to upon the motion of Mr. Gale, seconded by Mr. Beyer. Tke meeting accord ingly adjourned till next day. The Government Gazette of Thursday contains a proclamation further proroguing the meeting of Par liament from the 15th day of January next (instant?) to the 11th day of March next at 12 o'clock. A proclamation from the Superintendent of Wellington, New Zealand, is also published, de claring that the colonies of' Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Western Australia, Tasmania, Cape of Good Hope, and the Islands of Great Britain and Ireland shall be deemed to be infected districts within the meaning and for the purposes of the Diseased Cattle Act, 1861, and that no cattle after the date hereof until further notice shall be imported into the province of Wellington from such districts: Pro vided that the Superintendent of the Province may allow any cattle to be landed from vessels from the Islands of Great Britain and Ireland, subject to such conditions and restrictions as he may deem expedient, and the circumstances of any case may require. The Gazette also contains the confirmation of the by- laws of the District of Macclesfield, and the appointments of Mr. William Cheeaeman as bailiff to the Local Court at Willunga, from the Ist instant, vice Powell, resigned; and the following Special Magistrates to issue hawkers' licences at their respective Court- Houses, viz.:—G. B. Smith, Esq., at Mount Remarkable -, C. P. Brewer, Esq., at Robe Town ; J. C. Lyon, Esq., at Mount Gambier; H. Holroyd, Esq., at Port Lincoln. The land sale has been dull. Only 40 lots were offered, and of these 15 wefe passed. The land was principally bought on squatting account, and com prised 2,610 acres, for a sum of £2,9s3—equal to £12s. 7£d. per acre. The case of Mr. Goodman Hart, will be heard to day. On Thursday night, about 11.45, a fire broke out at Mr. Han- old's slaughterhouse, Mile End, supposed to have originated from a copper having been left boiling. Mr. Harrold, who, fortunately, was in the neighborhood at the time watching for persons who have been in the habit of depositing nightsoil on his premises, observed the fire in time to prevent a greater destruction of property; although four sheep and about 3 cwt. of fat were consumed previous to his arrival. Every assistance was rendered by the neighbors. On Thursday afternoon, a little after 3 o'clock, a message came to the Police Station that a fire had broken out in Ackland-street, The fire alarm was immediately set in motion, and in consequence great numbers of persons repaired to the spot, including Mr. Baker, the Superintendent of the Fire Brigade; but all signs of conflagration had long before been removed, and on enquiry it was found that the cause of alarm was the ignition of some hay in a stone stable with an iron roof, in the occupation of Mr. Rogers, which was put out almost as soon as it caught fire without doingjany harm; and if it had continued longer, from the materials of which the stable was composed, no great damage would have resulted. The efforts of the Campbell Minstrels at the Port Theatre on Thursday evening were most successful; from the commencement to the close their perform ances seemed to please, and were warmly applauded. In the first part several songs and negro melodies were sung in a pleasing manner and enlivened by the drolleries of the company. Then followed a comioal farce, entitled "The Young Scamp," in which much humour was exhibited. Sandford was twice encored in his dancing, and Templeton received a similar compliment in his solo on the concertina. The performances concluded with a laughable after piece called " The U. S. SlaiL" A change in the programme of a somewhat unusual nature is an nounced for this evening, under distinguished patron age, being their last appearance. • A Ghost Club.—Among the oddities of the day is the establishment of a ghost club—not, as might be supposed, a club for the assemblage of genial spirits, but an institution for the organised research into the possibility of a traveller returning from those bournes to which we all look forward with interest. The club is in downright earnest, as may be gathered from the fact that the committee advertise for a " haunted house," one whose reputation is well i authenticated. Doubtless the answers will be nume rous ; and if, after minute research, the committee of the Ghost Club succeed in re-establishing the respect ability of the hitherto supposed haunted mansions, by proving the charge unfounded, their labours will be largely useful, as the number of so-called haunted houses that are closed and have gone to decay in and about town, under this mouldering and blighting reputation is ridiculously large. We know of half a dozen such. The reader wishing a plea sant drive out of the suburbs may choose Finchley-road, and just before the corner of the road, made celebrated by the halt of the Woman in White—namely, that diverging to Frogual and West Hampstead—he will see a stately ruin imbedded in trees, quite in the ghostly style. This place, we believe, bears the reputation of being the habitation of a ghost, and is, doubtless, at the service of the Club, though the old keeper, who receives the gratuity of the credulous Inspector, pooh-poohs the idea, if not the profit it raises. It has, however, its bit of real romance, well vouched for by this ciceroue—namely, | the walling in of a wife for two years, without her seeing a ray of light from heaven, or the aspect of her fellow-beings. This is the story the person tells, and gives very minute particulars of many other matters highly interesting to the gobemoucke, with the name of The Bluebeard, which is one not new to fortune and to ferns.— Court Journal. 