j THE WAR IN VIRGINIA. (From The Times" Special Correspondent.) Richmond, June 14. Richmond, revisited at this moment by one who has been familiar with its inhabitants during their last two years of agony, recalls feelings such as those which, according to the late Mr. Rogers, animate the breasts of very old men in their ghost-like wanderings through the streets of London. " The West- end," said he, " seems to me one vast cemetery. Hardly a street but has in it a house once occupied by dear friends with whom I had daily intercourse; if I stopped and knocked now, who would know or take interest in me P The streets to me are peopled with shadows ; the city is as a city of the dead." How much more is this the case in little Richmond, peopled by a simple and affectionate community, looped together as it were by the ties of one large family. To me personally there is scarcely a street or corner which does not recall a friend-and in such times friendships seem firmer and warmer than in gala days whose voice still rings in my ear, though now hushed for ever. Few of the English visitors who have in the last three years b braved the difficulties of entering Secessia will have heard of Feb Stuart's" death without hearty regret. With some superficial and venial faults of harmless vanity, General Stuart was the most creditable impersonation of what is called in this country the Southern Cavalier. Fearless to a fault, singularly enduring of fatigue, never sick, never absent from duty, never daunted nor dispirited, he died as he had lived, after baffling with 2,000 seen the advance of thrice that number of horsemen, the most cheerful of victims to a cause for which he would have given a thousand lives. His loss is bewailed by General Lee as that of a son. No such active or efficient agent in fathoming the designs and numbers of his enemy will be found by General Lee, let this war last as long as it may. It would be of small interest were I to re- capitulate personal details about many other Southern Generals who have fallen since the commencement of May, and who to England are little more than names. But it will have been a satisfaction to many to learn that, upon the same plank road which upon May 2, 1863, witnessed the death woundofStonewall Jackson, General Longstreet, dangerously, struck in the throat by a Southern bullet, escaped death upon May 6 1864, although receiving, after three years of unparalleled exposure, his first hazardous wound. You will have learnt that upon the previous day two Confederate divisions those of Heth and Willcox held their ground long and nobly against overwhelming numbers of their feet. They were to be relieved in the night; and the men, worn down by exertion, looked for a brief repose as they scanned their thin numbers, when before dawn of the 6th of May, heavy lines of the enemy, massed in the night, and following each other in quick succession, dashed upon their enfeebled ranks. They stood gallantly for a while; but at last, shrink- ing before the compact masses hurled upon them, they commenced a retreat, which trout a walk grew into a run, from a run into a de- moralised rout. At this moment there were advancing along the plank road the hardy corps which Longstreet has so long led. into their leading files dashed, at headlong speed and it wild disarray, the broken ranks of Heth and Willcox, mingled with field-pieces, ambulances, caissons, runaway horses, and shouting officers striving to bear up against the rout, but whirled along in its resistless current. Beside the road was General Lee, irritated and excited beyond precedent, and eager to stem the torrent of flight by catching hold of any organized body of men and launching them in person against the head of the advancing stream. Upon this hurly-burly of confusion and alarm supervened at the most critical moment the unshrinking constancy of General Longstreet and his corps. Riding up to General Lee, he said, " General, my men have seen such scenes before and will not be daunted ; wait. and you shall see the enemy driven like chaff before the wind." Right nobly did his men, and especially Eershaw's division, verify their General's confident promise. The onward rush of Federals was stayed; at their head fell General Wadsworth, gallantly yielding his life for what he believed the holiest of causes; the Confederates swept forward irresistibly and the ground on which Heth and Willcox had bivouacked passed again into their hands. At this moment Longstreet, after brief consultation with General Lee, suggested a flank movement not dissimilar to that by which twelve months before the bloody day of (Chancellorsville was decided by Jackson. It was commenced, the promise of the first movement was richly encouraging. Generals Longstreet and Jenkins rode in great glee with their staff along the plank road, when one of those unforeseen accidents which are inseparable from war, and doubly hazardous with undisciplined troops, checked in an in- stant nil laughter and merriment. A volley at short range, issuing from Mohone's brigade of Confederates as they poured obliquely through the tangled undergrowth of the Wilderness, struck Longstreet's little party like a white squall ; General Jenkins sprung high from his saddle and fell dead with a bullet through his brain; Longstreet himself lay stretched in the mad pulseless and inanimate, and, us all thought, with but few minutes of life left in him. Instantly the flank movement was arrested. About an hour later, Longstreet awaking from his swoon, exclaimed to Dr Cullen, " In another half hour, but for my wound, there would not have been a Yankee regiment standing and un- broken on the south of the Rapidan." It is not desirable that I should trace seriatim the military movements which have brought Generals Lee and Grant, locked in a kind of death grapple, down from the bank of the Rapidan on May 3 to the bank of the James on June 3. Most of your readers are familiar' with the circular iron swing gate through which it is the custom of visitors to make their exit from the Zoological-gardens, and which stands opposite to the main entrance to the gardens. They will remember that at that gate there are four rotatory wings, revolving on the same axis, which, as they swing round, pass through the interstices of four other stationary wings, or fixed gates, which are attached immovably to the same axis as their revolving brethren. Conceive the movable revolving wings to be the army of General Grant, conceive the fixed gates to be the army of General Lee, and you have a rough diagram of the tactics adopted by both armies in these battles. It will be remembered that on May 3 Grant began to launch his mighty army across the Rapidan, and found himself confronted by General Lee on May 5 and 6 in the dense labyrinth of the Wilderness. Few students of military history will fail to be struck by the resemblance which this impervious region of Virginia bears to the gloomy and tangled grades which, upon Dec. 3, 1800, witnessed the defeat by the French army of the Archduke John and his Austrians, and coupled for ever in a bracket of fame the names of Morgan and Hohenlinden. It is known to your readers that, thanks to the opportune arrival of General Longstreet and his corps the morning of the 6th, the Federals were heavily countered in the Wilderness and driven back with terrific loss. But, nothing daunted, Grant set to work with characteristic energy to execute his predetermined plan of advance. Making his withdrawal from the front behind very heavy lines of skirmishers, he retired his right wing and swung it behind his centre and left, upon the morning of the 7th, towards SpotBylvauia Court-house. He had already secured the only direct roads leading in that direction, and made sure that Lee would have to fall back in confusion or submit to be cut off from Richmond. But he did not count upon the rare sagacity of his opponent, which in these recent battles, no less than at Chancellorsville, India amounted to the intention of military genius. Quickly penetrating his adversary's design, Lee began to race with him for Spotsylvnnia Court-house, a point where several roads converge like the radii of a man's outstretched fingers, and possessing under the circumstances eminent military importance. The roads through the forest had, as I have said, been secured by Grant, Lee quickly set to work, and with his excellent corps of sappers and miners (a body of men whose need he had last year severely felt at Chancellorsville, and which he has since called into existence and organized) cut a way through the trees and brushwood for his field pieces and caissons. The revolving shuttle of General Grant's right wing swung rapidly round upon its axis, but with no other result than to find itself barred at SpotBylvauia Court- house by the immovable grate presented by the right wing of General's Lee's army. Slowly the two armies drew near to each other once more, but General Lee, well knowing his opponent's character, awaited with calmness, and behind the slight earthworks which are dignified in this country with the name of intienohmouU, the onslaught of the Federals after four days of heavy skirmishing, from the 8th to the 11th of May inclusive, the great shock of Grant's attack was delivered on the 12th. I question whether in the annals of modern history so frightful a slaughter has ever been inflicted by an army acting on the defensive upon its assailants. It has again and again been remarked in this war that there is but one way to get sustained energy of attack out of the Federals, and that is, to throw them in Swiftly succeeding lines, and treading close upon each other's heels upon their enemy's guns. I know not in how many lines the hapless Federals-too often, I fear, blinded with whisky-were upon this bloody day thrown into the deadly hailstorm which smote them like a destroying angel, but the evidence that the slaughter of Ball's Bluff, Shiloh, Uhancel Dorisville, Murfreesboro', or Gettysburg was but as child's play compared with the carriage of Spotsylvania Court-house is ample and irresistible. Savage and callous as Suwarrow, Grant drove his victims, line after line, upon the death-dealing volleys of their foe. At intervals the smoke lifted, and disclosed a dead, dying, writhing mass of humanity, such as has not been witnessed before during this century, if I except the scene which on the morning of the 8th of September, 1892 the day after the hitherto bloodiest battle of civilization-was to be seen in front of the great redoubt of Borodino. It is not for me to estimate the damage which, between the commencement of his campaign and the close of the battle of the 12th, Grant's army sustained, for I have lived long enough in the neighborhood of General Lee to share his unwillingness to guess at the loss inflicted upon his foe. That this loss is unprecedented is abundantly manifest from the mingled cry of pride and agony which has gone up from the Northern journals. and I am in a position to apprise them of the cost to the Confederates at which that loss was inflicted. The estimate of General Lee, _ based upon the fullest returns from the medical directors of each corps, places his killed, wounded, and missing in the battles of the Wilderness and Spotsylvania Court-house at 12,000 men, all told. If it be true, as is here generally supposed, that these two terrible battles have carried the Confederates over the slope of the dividing line which separates them from plenary independence may be said that '.' Tunta) mobs crut Bomanain condero gentom." The interest of the campaign, so firms it has hitherto been conducted, culminated at Spot sylvania Court-house. Again, but not with such promptitude as after the battle of the Wilderness, Grant essayed his old flanking policy, and Lee was heard to exclaim, " Let [ him circle round where he likes he will in the end always find me before him." Once more the armies faced each other to the south of the Pamunkey River, and Grant, who had sacrificed thousands upon thousands of his men in reaching a position which M'Clellan gained in 1882 with the loss of a few hundreds, established incontrovertibly the sagacity of the latter General's strategy by selecting the White House, on the Pamunkey River, is the base of his further operations against Richmond It was not until the 3rd of June that the armies came for the third time into important collision in the neighborhood of the old battle- fields of 1862, near Cold Harbor, at a distance of not more than nine miles from Richmond. But it was abundantly evident that the fury of the storm had spent itself at Spotsylvania. The attack, it is true, was supported with the vigor which such battles as Fredericksburg and Chan sellersville had proved the Federals to possess, but there was about it little of the fierce clan which Grant had at first breathed into his troops, and which they manifested in the battles at the commencement of May. It was repulsed with facility which has led Northern journals to sneer at the loss acknowledged on that day by the Confederates, and which, as compared with the damage inflicted upon and acknowledged by General Grant, seems hardly credible. It is forgotten that almost for the first time in three years of war the Confederates fought at Spotsylvnnia Court-house and Cold Harbor behind field work. Nor can it be doubted that the callous ferocity of the Federal General's disposition, his reckless and lavish expenditure of life, his disregard of the unburied dead and the agonized wounded, have begun latterly to tell upon the ardour of his men, and to strange confidence and affection from breasts in which three weeks ago they abounded to overflow. It is not necessary to say more about the effort of General Butler upon the south side of the James River than that it would probably have been much more formidable if conducted by a soldier. If, after the first landing of 40,000 Federals at the month of the AppomattoxRiver, ordinary vigor had been manifested, it is difficult to see how Petersburg, distant some ten miles from the James River, could have been saved. As it was ample time was given to General Beauregard to gather up a force from Charleston and Wilmington, and he had little difficulty in scattering Butler's forces to the winds in a well- planned night attack, which lacked little of compassing the utter annihila- tion of Butler. The attack which Grant has led has been the most persistent, energetic, and intrepid onslaught which Lee has ever been called on to stem ; the attack of Butler upon Petersburg has exhibited neither ability nor courage in the General who planned it, neither spirit nor persistence in the troops which conducted it. I must confess myself at a loss when speaking of Confederate prospects in Northern Georgia. There is little to reassure those who contemplate the numerous retreats of General Johnston, without his striking a blow for the fine wheat district which he has surrendered, within three weeks of the harvest, to the enemy, to say nothing of the iron rolling-mills and Government works abandoned at Rome and on the Etowah, River. It is possible that the ability and energy of General Sherman i who is here considered a more formidable antagonist than Grant and the strength ofhisarmy.may necessitate great prudence on the part of General Johnston; but I have heard more than one complaint that the Confederate army of the West is larger and better appointed than any army intrusted since the commencement of the war to either of General Johnston's predecessors. Judging from present appearances, Atalanta, if preserved, will own its salvation more to the distance which divides it from General Sherman's base at Chattanooga than to the strenuous blows of its Con leaders to defenders. It is not necessary for me to say more aboiitthotrans-Missiasippi department than that the Federal grasp upon Louisiana and Texas is now resolved into little more than the tenure of New Orleans. For the last ten days no aggres- I sive movements have been undertaken against either Richmond or Petersburg, and the rumor prevails that, although a force of not less than 22,000 men has been engaged in the operations conducted by Generals Grant and Butler, there is an urgent cry already for more men to be poured, this seems probable, into that great abyss of slaughter which has already engulfed so many of their predecessors. Languid us is the interest of Europe in the details of the American war, it will be strange if, when the details of the spring campaign of 1860 in Virginia become thoroughly known, the name of General Robert E. Lee is not inscribed upon the high cost rolls of military fame. It is seldom that full justice is rendered to military genius coincidently with the achievement of the victories which reveal it. It took years for England to understand and appreciate the sagacity and foresight which checked Massena before the lines of Torres Vedras, and converted a momentary mistake of Marmont into the bout of Salamanca. There are French books in existence which saw the light just after Marengo, and which, in spite of the Italian campaign of 1796, deny to Napoleon the possession of anything approaching to military genius. But if, as now seems probable, the whole campaign of General Grant ends in conspicuous failure, the penetrating forethought which has unravelled Grant's every design and which has anticipated his every move, the vigor and prudence which have so handled a vastly inferior army as to inflict at the cost of less than 15,000 mon a loss upon the Federals of five or six times that number and the moral qualities which have converted in every Southern breast esteem into love and love into enthusiastic devotion will conspire to make Robert E. Lee's memory a possession which, in this land of hero worship, his country will cherish, as she cherishes una rejoices in her new-born and hardly acquired freedom. Fooxe's Wit- Foote was talking away one evening at the dinner table of a unit of rank, when at the point of one of the best stories, one of the party interrupted him suddenly, with an air of most considerate apology, I beg your pardon, Mr.Footo,but your handkerchief is half out of your pocket."-" Thank you sir," said Foote, replacing it " you know the company better than I do," and finished his joke. 