SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE SOIREE. The quarterly soiree of the South Australian Institute was held on Thursday evening, March 31, in the Ade laide Assembly Room, King William-street, and fully sustained the popularity yfbivh riwsa eutgrtainmeal^ have for a long time past held. The announcement that the number of pass cheques issued would be restricted to the capabilities of the room was 'considered a wise provision, for the excessive crowding at preceding soirees was very inconvenient, and not frequently caused much annoyance and illfeeling. ^ But with respect to Thursday night the regulations instead of having the desired effect just had the reverse, for the room was more crammed than we have seen it for a long time. Every seat was occupied, and the aisles, as well as all the available standing space, were likewise filled. Of course much unpleasantness was the result, and it was evident that too many tickets had been issued, or any rate too many people were admitted. When, however, the New Town Hall is completed these inconveniences need not again occur. Mr. N. Blyth, M.P. (one of the Governors) took the chair, and stated that His Excellency the Governor, through a prior engagement, was unable to be present. He announced that the liberality of the Hon. G. P. Angas and other gentlemen having placed upwards of £100 in the hands of the Governors for the purpose of extending the Museum, they had purchased several valuable additions, particularly in the miueralogical department. They had also received some more volumes of Gould's celebrated works. Tbey treated upon the Mammals of Australia, and they were if possible more superior than his great work upon the Birds. He would not detain them longer from the more interesting part of the entertainment, the arrangements for which, judging from the attendance, had met with the approbation of the members of the Institute. (Cheers.) The programme opened with a performance by the Bellringers, " the Aurora Walt a," whioh was felicitously executed, and rapturously applauded. Bishop's song, "Bid me discourse," was next very sweetly sung by Miss Chalker. Another piece by the Bellringers, " Meet me by moonlight," with variations, was very much appreciated, and closed the music preceding the lecture. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson then commenced his lecture on " Natural Magic," which may be summarised in the following way:—He introduced his subject by alluding to the study of natural magic in ancient times, when its students exerted their superior knowledge in striking superstitious dread into the minds of the less enlightened. He spoke of the muffled thunder pro duced in some of the heathen temples ; of the fountain which was reported to have sent forth wine seven days in the year, and water during the remaining days; and to other apparently surprising effects traceable to an acquaintance with some of the laws of acoustics, hydro statics, and mechanics. Passing on, he concisely described the eye, referring especially to the insensi bility of that part of the retina situated at the base of the optic nerve, which he illustrated by experiments. Among other interesting facts asso ciated with this subject, he showed that the nerve could not simultaneously act as a channel to convey impressions from the brain to the eye and vice versa. Again, adverting to the subject of ghosts and spectres, he remarked that the larger number of such apparitions could be explained by natural causes, such as a peculiar condition of the mind, disease, spec tral illusion, &c; , and gave an instance from "Brewster's Hatural Magic," in which a woman was constantly being visited by apparitions on which she was in the habit of experimenting in brder to prove their immaterial cha racter. He next, by means of the thaumatrope, demon strated how the image of an object was retained on the retina for a short interval, and then by a series of inte resting experiments showed what strange results could be produced from simple causes. The lecture was as usual divided into two parts. After the first part there was some more music. The Bell ringers played " The Blue Bells of Scotland," and were enthusiastically encored for th6ir marvellously clever performance. This was followed by a song sung by Miss Chalker with her usual good taste, accompanying herself on the piano. The deliciously sweet " Reminiscences of Home," by the Bellringers, followed, after which the lecturer delivered the second division of his lecture. The Bellringers then performed "The Quick Step," introducing .the beautiful airs of "Home, sweet, Home," &c.; A hearty encore rewarded the efforts of the skilful tintinnabulists. Miss Chalker sang a ballad very pleasingly, entitled " Beautiful Bells." She was warmly encored. The Irish Quadrilles—the master piece of the Bellringers—next followed, and completed the programme. Mr. J. H. Clark proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was seconded by Mr. A. Stow, M.P., carried,sand acknowledged by Mr. Ibbetson. The National Anthem on the bells closed a very in teresting entertainment. 