NEWS AND NOTES. At half-past nine o'clock on Thursday night, the jury empanelled to try Davis and Cox for the murder of George Sims, at Smythesdale, in May of 1863, came into court with a verdict of guilty against Davis. They were unable to agree as to Cox; and in the absence of the Crown Prosecutor, for whom his Honor made some enquiries, a difficulty occurred as to whether the Crown would accept the verdict against Davis and consent to the discharge of Cox. Mr McFarland, who appeared for the Crown in the absence of Mr Dunne, agreed to take the verdict in the case of Davis and to have Cox discharged. His Honor assented, on learning from the foreman that there was no probability of the jury agreeing to a verdict as regarded Cox. Davis, in reply to the usual question as to whether he had anything to say why sentence of death should not be pronounced upon him, said that Sims had injured him, and other persons besides himself, and requested the judge to read a document that he had prepared. His Honor assented, and we learn that in it he narrated the injuries that Sims had inflicted upon him, and de- clared that Cox had no hand in the murder, but it seems probable that he was cognizant of it, as he resided with Davis. His Honor said the document would be laid before the Executive Council, but the prisoner need not hope for any mercy. It was wrong, he said, now to accuse Cox for giving information respecting the ac- cused, as he had not done so, and in the usual manner he sentenced the prisoner to be hanged. His Honor, who spoke in a very low tone of voice, seemed deeply affected. He complimented the de- tective police on the manner in which the evidence had been brought forward, and we may also say that the judge's eulogium was well merited. It is a strange coincidence that the woman (Ellen Ryan), who was the cause of so much enmity between the murdered man and the murderer, was the first female who has given birth to a child in the gaol of Ballarat, and her paramour will, in all probability, be the first culprit who will suffer the extreme penalty of the law within its precincts. Mr Saxby has evidently earned renown as a weather-prophet upon scientific principles. On Thursday, another of what have come to be generally called "Saxby's days" came round and the hot winds which had prevailed for several days gave way to a complete change in the weather. A preliminary shover fell about three o'clock, and at about five o'clock the rain came down in torrents. Gales from the northward and westward drove tbe fast-falling rain before them like gusts of smoke, while peals of thunder and incessant flashes of lightning proclaimed the rapid discharge of the accumulated electricity in the air. The water channels in the streets were soon flooded, the Yarrowee, that an hour before was al- most dry, became a roaring torrent, and a steady rain fell during an hour or two. We regret to hear that Mr McDermott, the barris- ter, has been compelled, by severe domestic affliction, to absent himself from professional duties for a while. No fewer than four of his children have been ill with scarlatina and yesterday one died, while one or more of the others were yesterday in a very dan- gerous state. This visitation is the more painful as previously there had been four deaths in the learned gentleman's family. A Stockyard Hill correspondent writing on Mon- day, states as follows:- "A fatal accident happened here on Wednesday to a man in the employ of Mr West. While forking sheaves from the dray the vehicle upset, and the fork entered the man's body near the heart, causing death in a few hours. He seems to be a stranger in this district as his name is unknown. On Thursday morning week, about two o'clock, a fire broke out on the property of Mr Robt. Kirkpatrick, which I am happy to say was quickly extinguished, thanks to the workmen about the place. Messrs McQueen's steam thrashing machine was at work all day. At night every care was taken to see that the fire of the engine was properly put out. Mr Kirkpatrick saw all the men into their beds, and thought all safe for the night. As the en- gine was standing east and west, the wind was blow- ing from the south-west, which shows that if there had been any fire left in the engine it was impossible it could come up against the wind. About two o'clock in the morning a rustling noise of fire was heard by the engine-driver, who quickly called out for help. The men jumped out of bed in their shirts, and after a hard struggle succeeded in master- ing the fire. If they had not, the whole premise must have gone. There were about one thou- sand bushels of oats and twenty tons of hay on the ground, steam machine, hotel, and all must have gone. It is the general belief that some spiteful person had set the place on fire. Mr Kirkpatrick and Messrs McQueen Bros have offered £10 each as a reward. I believe £20 will cover the damage done. Surely we ought to be entitled to one policeman in this district; when we want to see any of the Government officials we have to go eight miles. I think it is about time that we had some of the Government supernumeraries in this district." An encroachment case, Yankee Company v Vic- toria Company, will be heard before Mr Warden Dowling at Clunes on Saturday. Our local correspondent reports that a surface man has been employed by the Government for the last day or so in filling the ruts on the piece of road near the Hit or Miss Hotel, Clunes road. Clunes (writes our correspondent) has made a stride onwards, Fraser street being now regularly watered several times a day. The residents have in the absence of municipal arrangements for the purpose, wisely taken the matter into their hands and subscribed towards the cost of the operation. The magistrates at the District Court pronounced a remarkable decision yesterday in a charge of threatening behaviour preferred by the police against Stoney and O'Connor, the rival boarding-house keepers. The evidence showed that Stoney was drunk and the aggressor, and O'Connor sober and defensive, and upon this evidence Stoney was fined 5s and O'Connor 40s, both being bound to the peace. Truly justices' justice is sometimes inscru- table. The meeting of butchers of Ballarat East and West, that was to have been held at Jack's Hotel, on Thursday night, to arrange for a cricket match, did not take place, owing to a sufficient number of persons not being present. The business of the Circuit Court will probably be over early this day, as there is but one civil case set down for hearing, the others having been settled out of court. We have heard of several persons who state that they distinctly felt the vibration of the recent earth- quake in this locality. Both in Ballarat and in the suburbs the shaking is said to have been felt, and in some cases a noise as of a blast was heard. The Koh-i noor and Extended Companies appear to be coming to a better understanding, the latter company discovering a disposition to a more credit- able policy than that of bearding the emissaries og the law, and attempting to shroud in mystery opera- tions which ought not to need any secresy. An ap- plication bas been made by the Koh-i-noor Company to the Judge of the Court of Mines in Chambers, for an attachment against the Extended Company for breach of the injunction, but the application was refused. A consent order or arrangement was, however, come to, by which the Extended Company agrees to withdraw from further operations at the point of dispute pending the hearing of the suit at the forthcoming sittings of the Court of Mines. We understand, also, that the Extended Company has consented to a survey being made by Mr Davidson to-day (Friday), on behalf of the Koh-i-noor Com- pany for the purpose of ascertaining the levels of the ground in and about the area in dispute. Buninyong is to have its water supply it seems, as well as its younger, but bigger brother, Ballarat. At the last meeting of the Borough Council a com- mittee was appointed to bring up a report at the next meeting of the Council on the advisability of laying on the water from the reservoir near Judge Rogers' residence. Two reservoirs were made by the Go- vernment there, and there is an ample supply of pure spring water for the whole borough, the eleva- tion being about 77 feet above the level of the road at Selleck's corner. It is computed that a three-inch main, run into the main road below Bradshaw's house and thence down the road, will answer all purposes, the cost of laying mains, hydrants and so forth, being estimated at from £700 to £1000. There is an old promise by the Government, we believe, of a grant of £400 for the purposes of a water supply, contingent upon a certain amount being raised by the Council. The civil business at the District Police Court on Thursday induded the cause Police v Oliver S. Cressy and C.H. Ayers, for unlawfully disposing of goods &c.;, by lottery. The defendants were the proprietors of the well-known panorama and its at- tachments exhibited and held nightly for some time past in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute. Though the suit was brought by the police, it is understood to have been instigated by those interested in the Theatre Royal, in the hope of proving the illegality of the proceedings following the exhibition of the panorama, and that unwarrantable interference was made thereby with the interests of the Theatre Royal. It is understood that Messrs Walsh and Trench were both retained for the prosecution, but they did not appear in court, and at the last moment the conduct of the case was handed over to Mr Harris. Mr Randall had been retained by the defendants. Previous to the case being called on, it was understood that counsel for the prosecution had agreed to withdraw the charge on the understanding that the Pantechnetheca and its attendant distribution of prizes would not be continued any longer than Saturday night, and that the firm did not intend to return within eight months. We were informed by one of the partners that this was no concession on their part, as it was a portion of their original agreement with the sec- retary of the Mechanics' Institute, and that whether the suit had been brought or not, this intention would have been carried out. Moreover, that the firm did not intend to return here within twelve months. Counsel on both sides announced to the Bench the result of negotiation, and the defendants shortly afterwards left the court. The annual balance-sheet of the Council of the borough of Smythesdale is now published, from which it appears that the year's revenue has been £1301 9s 5d. The expenditure includes £1123 3s 4d for public works; salaries, £230 8s 4d. These, with donations to the Fire Brigade, Ballarat Hospital, fireproof safe, expenses of the rejoicings on the Prince of Wales' marriage, advertising, law expenses, mis- cellaneous, and bank interest, make up a total of £2000. The estimated revenue for the year 1864 is about £2000, the most of which will, it is sup- posed, be appropriated to the bringing of water into the town. At the Carngham Police Court on Wednesday (before Mr Hamilton, P.M.; Mr T. Hopper, J.P.; and Mr P. Russell, J.P.), the following cases were heard:- Edward McElroy and Morgan Griffiths, brought up for drunkenness, were discharged. Police v McElroy, using obscene language in a public place on the 15th inst.; fined 10s and 5s costs. Same v same, abandoning his licensed house; postponed for fourteen days. Stewart v Pauline, £2; order for the amount and 5s costs. Mr Thomas Oddie applied for a slaughtering license; he was referred to the Ripon Shire Council. At the Linton Police Court, on Thursday, before Messrs S. Lewers and M. H. Baird, Justices of the Peace, John Egan was charged with splitting wood on Crown lands without a license. The defendant stated that he had a bad finger and could not work, but would take out a license if he commenced split- ting again; fined 1s and 5s costs. The following civil causes were then called:- R. Onians v G. Westaway, manager of the Hit-or-Miss Company, £5 17s, goods; order for amount and 5s costs. T. Trestrail (Mount Bute Company) v O'Meara, £12, calls; postponed for seven days. T. Turner v W. Robinson, £8 6s, goods; struck out, no bill of parti- culars having been furnished. R. Onians v J. McVie, 19s, goods; order for the amount and 5s costs. James Knight v Robert Winters, £4, an IOU; the Bench ruled that a bill of particulars should have been furnished, and dismissed the case. R. Hards v Lackier (an Italian), £9 8s 9d, goods; the defendant stated through an interpreter that he was not able to pay the money as he was not get- ting gold; order for the amount and 5s costs. Hen- derson, manager of the Prairie claim, v John McKay, £4 16s 8d, calls; order for amount and 5s costs. Same v John P. Nawney, £5 11s 8d, calls; order for amount and 5s costs. Geo. Christie with- drew his application for a publican's license at Happy Valley. Ambrose Grose applied for a trans- fer of a publican's license from old Linton to Sprin- dallah for the Crystal Palace Hotel. Granted. The members of the Rifle Shooting Association purpose having a regular field day, at the Butts, this day. Several shooting matches for money prizes are announced to take place under the auspices of the members of the association, who have voted the necessary funds for the purpose. Mr Henry Salmon was arrested again last evening on the charge of having used threatening language in a public place to Mr E. A. Wynne. After lying in the lock-up for some time, he was bailed out. Mrs James Allen, of the Standard Lead, Linton whilst engaged in her household work on Monday last, observed a snake trying to get into her house through the doorway. Mrs Allen succeeded for some time, with the assistance of a broom handle, in keep- ing the intruder at bay, when a neighbor came to her assistance and despatched the reptile, which was of the diamond species, and three feet in length. A match at cricket was played on Saturday last between the Winter's Hill Club and Black Lead j Ciab, at Winter's HUL The Winter's Hill El j scored 50 ia their first innings, and 53 ia the I cond innings, making a total score of 103. ' j opponents scored 31 in their first innings a j in their second, making a total of 52 only. I Winter's Hill Eleven were therefore the winne I 51 rans. I A series of pigeon shootiag matches, ia conn j with the local Pigeon Shooting Clou, will take 1 this day on the Copenhagen Grounds. I On Thursday, the Ber Mr Strongman, wi j his recognisance estreated for being absent ! court when called on Wednesday, made appli I to the judge on the subject of the amount for j bat his Honor declined ts interfere. ! Mr Kodier, J.P., attended at the Eastern lc j on Thursday morning, and discharged one ( I Walker, who had bees taken care of for dn j ness. j Mr Birch will take his benefit at the 1 I Royal this evening, when several novelties ? I introduced. Mr Symons has also given his I increase the attractions of the evening, and v I pear in a laughable character during the eva j The nuninyong Botanic Gardens bave been I by the Borough Council to Mr Milligan fi j years, at a rental of £10 a year, the lessee 1 j given quantity of trenching each year, and tc j such shrubs and plants ss may be supplied purpose by the Council. There has been j deal done already in the way of embellishn j the grounds, but a great deal more of course i to be done. Tbe profit obtained or obtaini I the lessee consists in the grazing of the groo: I raising of cuiioary vegetables, and the 1 j of a prodigious growth of watercress in the J water which runs through the reserve. I The Borough Council of Ballarat East has j on taking prompt action relative to tbe rel OM i Government to make the grant for tile sludf j cel. The Council broadly and in set terms I repudiation, a very ngly word, but one the I is resolved On doing its beat to show is appi I A special meeting of the Council will be hele j at eleven o'clock, for the pnrpose of consul ti j the steps to be taken in the matter. J A staff o ulcer's inspection of the Ballarat j the Prince of Wales Light Horse-took p j Thursday, and we were glad to note that i j master was made than on some recent a j About twenty of tile corps turned oat and i j through the asnal evolutions and exercises, < j about that amount of credit which might hi I expected from a body not particularly virt the way of attention to driiL - The conference of members of the Boninyo Boord and of the Borough Councils of Bsllai and Buninyong, respecting the removal of 1 and the proclamation of the Buninyong t common toll road, was held yesterday 4tt thi the Road Board, bat it appeared that a Ti nnoeratanding did not exist npon what wi the object of the meeting, «nd the conferí hardly anything etoe bot* sor£of prehmini ring bet»« tiie real tog of war between wi to be either the pr of the several .bodies «presented. We n . proceedings ehs^ jost >: ifrnlsjl ü¿sjB havBitiMlroaä 4arjrtothe emthern bomB^ji^ßB» AtLtíct nroñlsitasd st maman toil toad, bo ^"w~f «?TfTT|Mf -Ff'í'BTífí^TÜS cdicitioa itself is to be belo!MB tul the condition», \ that is tl» apportionment of tbe tous, have been üiscnimed. The two Councils appeared tohemisvnr of the Mount Clear gate irmiuning where it is, but as tbe deputies at tbe bon&sence; were nc*faTe»ted with plenary powers,''it wu decided that by tte next meeting of the Hoad Board the CkwmcUs should lay their views before tbe Board, and that alter that another conference should te convened. Eighty pounds sterling are the ¡ute mir of the rather celebrated Ballarat Gbamberof Cwnmerce. Eighty pounds sterling cannot be raised by the mercantile: interest of the metropolis of the gold field "to 'pay tts Way; and keep à room for its Chamber of Commerce to meet in. At- least tins seems to be the position of affairs, for a special meeting of members was called for last evening, ai the chamber, is in peril of an action for £80 due tc its secretary, and in imminent danger of being turned bodily and ignominiously ont of ita-place ol meeting. Only teven gentlemen, assembled at th* meeting, and their wail was most plaintive,-the ontj relief to the aolairs of .the ccarferince being ai occasion al symptom of mutual recrimination veerini near, now and then, to mutnal "chaffing.** "It i only two-pound ten a piece" said one. of th most animated of the lachrymose synod, but stil the tormenting sysiphus of eighty pounds rolle back upon the imaginations ot the auditors, and th getting out of debt was pertinaciously regarded aa i contingency of extreme doubtfulness. Aa B sort < forlorn hope the meeting at length appointed itself committee to go round'and get contributions in ai of ¿be terrible eighty pounds sterling or "tw pound ten a-piece," and the committee is to repoi to tho next meeting, or probably to itself, if all ti .even caa ever be got together again. This is tlc aspect of things with the Chamber at present, an we presume that if a Chamber of Commerce : wanted in Ballarat there is enough of money ai spirit among the mercantile citizens of the town i eave the moribund body from absolutely giving t the ghost. At tbe Circuit Court, on Thursday, Paul Si pleaded guilty to a charge of rape on bis niece, s gi a few weeks over ten years of age. The fact of t accused pleading guilty and saving the court a: tbe public from the horrible details of the case mt have considerably influenced tbe judge, as he or sentenced tbe prisoner to two years hard labor the roads of the colony.- Henry George Shackle« charged with false pretences, was sent to gaol ! twelve months with hard labor. Cox and Da were indicted - for the murder of George Sims Smythesdale, in May, 2863, and the jury fou Paris guilty, and could not agree as to Cox. Da was sentenced to deatb, and Cox was discharged. On Monday, a tea meeting took place at ' Church of England, Carngham, which resulted ii most unqualified success. About one hundred i seventy persons were present, the building be crowded. The ' tables were furnished in tue ni expensive manner with the usual, aa well as ac very auosaal edibles. Grapes, plums, and ts bernes, in addition to numberless varieties of ca' tarts, jellies, &c;, were to be found in «bandai The good things were supplied by the folio« ladies:-Mesdames langley, Dearsloy, and D eusao. Mr Longley was voted to the chair, am tbe course of his address congratulated tbe conj gatton upon the purchase ol a mutable bouse foi minister. The-meeting waa also addressed by Ber. Messrs Crawford, Benton, Scott, Thomi Fowell, and others. The proceedings were co derably enlivened by the performances of 1 Pauline Robinson on the pianoforte, who, in execution of one or two very difficult and elabe fantasias, displayed much taste and skill. The 1 Mr Gilbertson, of Smythes, exhibited hisdissoli views, now so well known and spoken of. Will exception of thc room bung of rather inconvei shape, all passed off agreeably. A collection made during the evening, which amounted to £5 6d, making, with the sale of tickets, a total of nc £20 to the benefit of the church funds. In the Melbourne Insolvent Court, on Wednes a special meeting was held, tn re John Westt for the proof of two debts in the insolvent's et who was described as of Ballarat, solicitor. 1 »ere admitted, and the meeting closed. Thc Argus says:-" We understand that it is poBed that the volunteer force shall this year eni on new ground, and on somewhat different from any previously selected. The site of th campaient «rill be Sunbury, in place of tbe Wei Plains, chosen in 1861 and 1862, or the Bal selected last year. By this change one great ai tage will be gained-good water in place of There has been, we believe, after each of th camp?, a greater or leas amount of sickness froi use of brackish water. Then the days are Easter Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, two Bister encampments of 1861 and 1862 meuced cu the Wednesday and Thursday eve before Easter, and broke op on the fallowing day. Tlias two days were, so to speak, lost in -Good Friday and Easter Snnday. This timi boped that most ci the volunteers, by starting on the Monday, will settle down into their c town ta breakfast, and that ali wilt be ready brigade drill ia the afternoon. Tuesday, hoi if the arrangement be carried out, will be the ' day of the camp display. It is nearly as uni« holiday as the Monday ; and the Wednesday, will be -canted, is already half promised by ibi of employer?, as the "first Wednesday aft« mail." Two great points will be gained 1 arrangement contemplated-the volunteers wil partjof their Easter holidays to themselves, ai large section of the community who object to i day being spent in camp will not be scand We believe, however, that the " Sundays in have on every occasion been a credit to tm and that the most scrupulous, bad they been would have found nothing to shock, but m gratify them." The inquest at Northcote, says the Age, on remains oi the woman Mary Burke, found at E on the 5th instant, terminated in a verdict of murder being unanimously returned by the against her husband Bartholomew Burke. The vestigation, which bas extended over three da; resumed on Wednesday at eight o'clock in thc ing, and it was after nine o'clock at night I whole of the witnesses had been -examined , evident determination to admit nothing, unies to do so, rendering their examination a very I and difficult operation. As on the previous I gâtions, the evidence, with one or two exceptic I all tobe dragged from them, and occasionally mittal was threatened by the coroner, bel answer was vouchsafed to some of his qu J The evidence, on Wednesday, was necessari minons, and to some extent a repetition I given previously. It contained nothing bear! I directly upon the committal of the murder, a I absunding iu points which circumstantially : 1 the husband as the perpetrator of the deed; a I that a verdict of wilful morder bas been r i against him, thc police «il!, no doubt, ua j exertion to supplement it with mare direct tes This will be s work cf no little difficulty, if j position already met with on every side taken as any criterion; far, though it appa Í nearly everybody in the district suspected the der years ago, nobody is willing to admit a with regard to it. Patrick Burke and his son arrested as accessories after the fact, were e: 1 on Wednesday at considerable length; butnot! I elicited from them towards clearing np the ta j which the murder was actually committed 1 were profuse in unimportant details, but os j dark, as the majority of the other witness that point, or other matter connected with : i coroner, in summing np, censored ia «eve { the conduct of the majority of the witnes i stated that be believed they bad perjure selves verygwssly, as what evidence they had to be dragged from them, and then it I tamed very imperfectly. He characterised i of the most dUgraceful cases be had ever i ' in tbe whole coarse of his career as a coram I woman's remains are at present ander tbe < ¡ Dr Macadam, and are deposited in a fire pro the Government laboratory. I At the Daylesford Police Court, on Tue j fore Mr Daly, P.M., and Mr W. E. SUnbrii W. H. Thomson vas charged by Detective with embezzlement, at the instance of thi i Chartered Bank. Mr Walker wished the i to be remanded to Melbourne. Mr M*Cor pesxed for prisoner, and requested to a ground of thc arrest. Mr Walker said h i rested the prisoner on the warrant now J which charged bim with embezzling JEioOO bankin question. On commuoicattng wit lice authorities in Melbourne they wisbt procure à remand. The "^TIPP was com Ballarat. Mr U'Cormick applied for the I be made to Ballarat, in accordance with which declared that the accused should li the county, where thB.oflence was rr^^ip Bench said, as the offence was committed rat, the prisoner should be retosnded to They cosses ted to an enlargement of prii cognizances, at the request of Ur M'Cbi aoristo «tandas they are. V The Dsylssjord Xvpntt «av»-- Mr J. «aty, MXJS4 Mr -B.' G. Davies, Ml Tnçtay If.IiÂ, and Mr J, H. M*GiIL ht the paddock of Mr Tricker, Mi. A" «nd dry, near MaliMshniy, for raining. Th cnrupt isci SOO morea pt allnvîal and quarts 