UNITED PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, FLINDERS-STREET. The foundation-stone of the above edifice was laid on Monday, September 5, in the presence of a large concourse of people. The platform was numerously attended by ministers of various congregations. About 3 o'clock the ceremony was commenced by the Rev. J. Lyall, the pastor of the new place of worship, giving oat a hymn. The Rev. R. Haining then read a portion of the Scriptures, after which the Rev. S. Mead offered up prayer. The Rev. J. Lyall then, advancing towards the foundation- stone, stated that underneath it would be deposited the following document, which he then read:— " In the name of the Father, and of the Son. and of the Holy Ghost, to whom be glory for ever and ever. "This document is deposited under the corner-stone of a new edifice to be erected for the use of the congregation now worshipping in the United Presbyterian Church, Gouger street, in this city, and to be called the United Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street "The stone is laid by the Bev. Ralph Drummond, in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of Her Host Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and in the third year of the governorship of Sir Dominiek Daly, on the fifth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four. " The Ber. Jakes Lvaxx, Pastor. "Elders: -" James Forbes. " William Mackintosh " William Hurray. Murray. " George Hc?win. ** William Fraser. " David Murray. ?• David Fea. " Building Committee:—Bev. James Lyall, Bev. Alex ander Law, Alexander Ogilvie, William Fraser. William Ballantyne, Andrew Loutit, David Hurray. James Tyrie, Bobert S. lassie, John B. King, George McEwin, James Forbes, George Tinline, Thomas Smith, John Eonson, David Uthgow. John B. Adamson, William M. Hurray, and William Beattie. Convener — Bev. James LyalL Secretary—Mr. Andrew Loutit. Treasurer-Mr. William Mackintosh Hurray. "Trustees —John Beveridge Adamson, William Ballan tine, Feter Cray, John Eonson, William Fraser. David Litngow. Andrew Lontit, George HcEwin, William Murray, William Mackintosh Hurray, and James Tyrie. This congregation is connected with the United Presby terian Church in Scotland, and recognises as its standards in subordination to the^Word of God the Westminster Con fession of Faith, and the Catechisms, Larger and Shorter. "The palace is not for men, but for the Lord God. •' The God of Heaven He will prosper us, therefore we His servants wOl arise and build. "Let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us; and establish thou the work of our hands upon us; yea the work of our bands establish ttaou it. "Architect-Mr. George Abbott. "Builder—Hr. Michael McMnllen." The Bev. Ralph Dbommond, who had been appointed to lay the stone, stated he performed the duty with pleasure. He eaid it was pleasing to notice the exertions that were being made throughout the colony in building places of worship, and the unanimity that existedbetweenthe various religious bodies. He referred to the past and present pros perity of the colony, and expressed a hope that those who had reaped its harvests and enjoyedits comforts would recog nise the kind blessing? of Providence, and subscribe their mite towards the erection of that House ot God. Hie rev. gentleman concluded an eloquent address by urging those present to consider the debt they owed to God. and to thank Him by prayer for the numerous blessings He had poured upon da em. The stone was then lowered by the workmen, and dnly laid. A collection was made, amounting to £72, and laid on the stone, after which the assembly separated, the Bev. J. Maughan having offered up prayer. The tea meeting:, which took place in White's Booms, was attended by about 600 persons, and after tea a public meeting was held, presided over by the Bev. J. LyaU. The pro ceedings commenced by the singing: of the 122nd hymn. The Bev. It. Drummond then offered op prayer. The Bev. J. Ltaxl stated he bad received a note from Hr. Geo. Young, who was to have presided that evening, informing him that he could not attend on accountof illness. In the absence of Mr. Young he hoped they would allow him to take the Chair. He said that that day's pro ceedings wag to them of great import. He busted the work would be crowned with success by the aid of Divine Providence. They were encouraged through the manifest interest of members of other congregations, and he would tender his thanks for their support He might say that he was proud to witness the Bev. Mr. Drammosd in he capacity be had occupied that day. The Bev. gentleman then read the report of th? Building Committee which was as follows:— "It has been felt that the present is a fitting occasion on which to lay before the members and friends ot the congre gation a brief statement of the origin and progress of the building movement. In proceeding to submit each a state ment the Committee desires to express its gratitude to Almighty God fot the countenance and direction He has has vouchsafed, and at this point to erect its Ebenezer to the honor of His name. "In the month of November, 1862, the congregation was alarmed by the fail of a portion of the eeUlng of the pre sent church, soon after the commencement ofthe Homing Service. A meeting was convened to take into consideration the question of repairs, when a larger subject was intro duced, viz., the propriety of erecting a new church. At a subsequent meeting, duly called and held on 17th December, it was unanimously agreed that the members of Hie congre gation resolve themselves into a society for the purpose, and a Committee was appointed to receive subscription! and to carry out the necessary details. The grounds on which this decision was arrived at were chiefly as follows:—lst The state ofthe present buildinjr, which, in the course of a short tune, would have re quired extensive repairs. 2nd. The necessity of pro viding more accommodation for the increasing num bers of tiie congregation, it having' been found difficult to provide applicants with sittings; and we may just say in passing that this difficulty continues to be felt, and that the congregation looks forward with eager desire to the enlarged accommodation to be provided by the new sanctuary, the foundation- stone of which has this day been laid. 3rd. The desirability of securing a site in some more central part of the city, as it was known that many strangers coming to Adelaide had experienced a difficulty in finding the present church, and that the interests or tba congregation had thereby suffered. "The first step taken by the Committee was to ascertain the amount of subscriptions which might be relied upon. For that purpose an appeal was made to the members and adherents of the congregation, and slips were prepared, in which subscribers might insert their names and the sums they intended to give. On Sabbath, 25th January. 1863, the slips were returned, when it was found that thesum of above £900 had been promised—a result highly encouraging, con sidering that that day the weather was unfavorable, and the attendance smaller than usuaL Subsequently to that day other promises were received, the amount subscribed up to the present time being £2,132195. 6du. of which the sum of £936 BS.BO, has actually been paid. As (me building is now in course of erection, it is hoped that the subscribers will pay the amounts they nave promised as soon as possible. '-The next point that required consideration was the selection of a ote—a point which gave rise to prolonged and anxious discussion. Out of many sites whose claims were canvassed toe one in Flinders-street was ultimately decided on, as being in point of position, extent, and price, pre ferable to the others. Every one interested in the natter knows toe position of the ground. The extent of it Is 140 feet by 210, and the price is £700. Had a suitable piece of land, sufficiently large, and at a moderate rate, been obtain able on the west side of King William-street, it would mn donbtedly have been preferred, as our local habitation bas so long been So that part of the city. There were other sites which were deemed more central, but after a full considera tion of the subject, it was felt that the one in FUndera street, more than any other, combined the various advan tages already specified. It is hoped that this site may prove convenient to the congregation generally, and it is believed that the building now in course of erection will be much more likely than the present one to attract the attention of members of our Church coming from the fatherland, and that from Out source alone considerable additions to oar numbers may from time to time be expected. "It is unnecessary to detail all the steps which were taken to secure a suitable design. Suffice it to say, that out of several competing designs the preference was given to that by Hr. George Abbott After some delay tenders were in vited. Out of six tenders that of Hr. Hiohad McMoilen for £4,423 was accepted. "The following statement by the architect will give an idea of the principal features of the building :— "The design is in the Italian style of architecture, and the bunding will have an imposing and graceful appear ance. "In the centre of the front of the building will be a tower and spire, the total height or which will be 120 feet. ** •rhe ground floor of tower forms a lobby 12 feet square, approached by a bold flight of steps. On either side of this lobby are spaces u feet 6 inches square, for staircases to galleries; us also doorways, for ingress to the body of the "•Over toe ground floor of tower will be three other floors ot rooms, appropriated to various nses. •••The body ofthe church is m feet injlength.4s feet in width, and 32 feet in height from floor to oaUng, and will seat 600 adults on the ground floor, allowing the space or 3 feet by lfoot* inches foreaoh sitting. " Extra accommodation tor three hundred adults, by the erection of galleries (which was duly considered in preparing the design), can be provided when fee increase in the con gregation shall require such addition. "At the back ofthe church, and bunt In connection therewith,u a Y?Hy. W feet 9 laebw J>| 19 tot; com. mittee-room,Mfeet9inobesby ISftet; lobby and epwe for staircase, 13 feet by ll bet On the first floor over these rooms is a schoolroom. 37 feet long by 3* feet a Inches wide and I6feet in height. "Tbe wans ofthesebnfldings ate to be constepeted.of stone from the Glen Osmond quarries, the external ornamental portions of which wfll be executed with Portland oement. The walls internally win be finished in rough stucco in imi tation of ashlar work; the moulding, cornices, and flowers •'The spire will consist of eight wrought iron fiarged ribs, forming the angles of an octagon; the epaoes between these ribs will be nTled in with boarding, and the whole covered with lead. "AQoeen post-roof is to be constructed to ?pan the body of the church, the sides of which wfll be covered with elate, and the flat with lead. This flat Is to be eurrounded with ornamental wrought iron baUnstrading. Tie internal fittings, pewing, and platform, are to be of Sydney cedar, poUsbed and varnished. The works were commenced on the 26th day of July last by Mr. MeHallen. onder the superin toiimnp tft*' a frW. an* 1 it in nntiripntfifl **??* ***? tmtidinpr wfll be completed on or before the 20th of October. 1886. Having submitted these statements, the Committee desires to express its grateful sense ol the hearty interest taken to the movement by the congregation generally, and of the cordial sympathy expressed by the members of other churches—& sympathy which* in many Instances, bas taVi*n the form of handsome donations, fhe Committee would farther embrace the opportunity of impressing upon the congregation the necessity for continued and prayerful effort, and of appealing to the friends present, and nnmerous friends who are not present, for their sympathy and help. The work in which we are engaged is great and arduous. The pecuniary responslbuiUes we shall have to meet are sufficiently formidable. Yet with a willing people inside the church, with sympathising and liberal friends outside, and above all with the blessing of tbe great Head of the Church, we do not fear the result. It U a work lor God, and we desire to keep His glory constantly before us as our great object The work would be too great for us in our own strength, but with Bis gracious countenance and help we shall accomplish it. 'The God of Heaven. He will prosper us; therefore we. His servants, will arise and build.' " The Choir then sang "Hessian's Beten." The Bev. J. Watsford said tbe position they had placed him in as the first speaker, was a very trying one. He congratulated them on their success that day, which was the 46th anniversary of bis birth. The weather in the morning was very threatening, but be was glad to witness the termination of the day, which he hoped would be In their future proceedings sunshine Tbe churches were now coming close together, u fivia situa tion was concerned. (Hear and laughter.) Whilst there was difference of opinion they were united in intentions. All were actuated by tbe same object—the praise and glory of God. He would now move the first resolution:—"That this meeting expresses its sympathy with the important work which tbe United Presbyterian Congregation has under taken, and its hope that the building new commenced may be snccesriully completed, and may become the soene of gndous divine manifestation." The resolution referred to the building, the foundation-stone of which had been that day laid. There was no institution so beneficial to society as a place of worship. The way to do the greatest good to file greatest number was the building of places of worship where the Word of God would be delivered to tbe world. In our places of worship the dying sinner was pointed to the onto Saviour, and made mete for Jus appearance before his Maker. He rejoiced to know that the Gospel would be delivered in the Flinders- street United Presbyterian Church In all its purity. He believed all denominations supported them in the object they had in view. The Bev. C. W. Evan seconded the resolution. He ex pressed bis sympathy with the object they bad in view, and congratulated them on their success. He trusted all their anticipations would be realised. He knew the Freeman-street worshippers would be glad to have such excellent Sabbath neighbors. They were now within hailing distanoe, and he trusted they would proceed together on good terms. The neighbourhood was becoming very populous In places of worship, for nearly a dozen different congregations were within a quarter of a mile of each other. Speaking of amicable relationship, ft reminded him of a onion among the different bodies of Presbyterians. He would be glad to witness it, and could almost predict its accomplishment before long. They might also look forward to Metho distic onion. He did not believe that in the Mil lenninm denonunationalism would cease. There always would be sectarianism of some sort or other. The resolution expressed the hope that tbe edifice, when opened, would become a temple of grace and manifestation He earnestly hoped it would be so. and that the hearts of those who attended it would become comforted, and that they would be blessed with every possible decree of divine grace. Many might regret leaving the old sanctuary, but he believed greater blessings would attend them in their new sphere of worship and operations. The resolution was carried. The Rev. G. Storehouse then addressed the meeting on "The Bible, the whole Bible, and the Bible only; tbe rule of oar faith, and the standard of oar morals." He said that boly book had passed through many scenes of trial. Notwithstanding all tbe crusade against it by Voltaire, Home, Paine, and others, it had stood the storm, whilst the writers in opposition to it had gone to the limbo of their punishment. Writers might dispute its authenticity whilst people could be found to support them and read their arguments It was a sorrowful circumstance to find mot attempting to prove the Bible was felse, and others catting themselves off from their God and gniiating themselves amongst those to be condemned to everlasting punishment. He would not ?ipfa>iT> them long. They bad not come that evening as sceptics but as believers in the Word of God. The Bible stood secure on tbe basis of its own evidence. It had borne tbe assaults of 19 centuries, and had come out victorious on every occasion. It had survived the works of fanatics, and those who pretended to belts friends ; abandoned by its Anthor it never would. It was accomplishing its work safely ana securely. I/et the Bible and the Bible only be the stronghold and foundation of their faith. They had recourse to it in all difficulties and scenes of this life. There were on the platform that evening. Baptists, Pxdo-Bsptists, CongregataonaUsts, and Wesleyans, all devoutly determined to uphold the Bible They were one in that respect He believed with the last speaker that the days oi sectarianism were very nearly numbered. The time was approaching when they would be drawn more closely together. He hoped the Bible would throw its light into every nook and corner of their ecclesiastical structure. The choir then performed an anthem. The Bev. J. Gabdneb spoke on "An orthodox creed; its importance to the comfort of individual Christians, and to tbe prosperity of churches." He bad been present that day at the laying of the stone, and he must say that they had shown a great deal of judgment. The topic ou which he addressed the mooting was one o f v^t importance. The Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but theJ?ible was the rule of teith'; such was the opinion of Presbyterians, It was asked under such drcumstanoes, what necessity was there for different creeds, but creeds were simply the sum mary of troth. A creed that was defective he would not support. The rev. gentleman then at length spoke ou the subject of an orthdox Church being the bond of onion. A collection was then made, The Bev. F. W. Cox addressed the meeting on " Tht spirit in which all work for Christ ehonld be undertaken." The rev. gentleman made an excellent address, and con cluded by hoping that the Church they were now erecting, would be the means of saving many souls, and imbuing all with the means of grace. Choir. •• ffoorirm! onto me ye that love the Lord." The Bev. A. Law spoke on the subject—"The presence of Christ in the Church the secret of her strength and the pledge of her triumph." The Bev. B. Dbdkmond moved a vote of thanks to the ladies, the choir, and the speakers. Mr. G. McEwoi seconded. Carried. The Chairman moved a vote of thanks to the Bev. Mr. Drnmmond, which was carried by acclamation. The Bev. Mr. Dbommond briefly returned thanks. A vote of thanks to the Chair by the Bev. J. Gardner was carried, after which the audience dispersed with the Doxology. The total collection amounted to £131. 