EXHIBITION OF AUSTRALIAN STOCK IN ENGLAND. THE following letter addressed to the Editor of the Melbourne Economist, appeared in that journal on April 22nd. The writer is a gentle- man who has had great experience in the aus- tralian colonies, and who has, since his return to England, continued to manifest an interest in their welfare. He says:— 1 luke tho liberty of bringing forward iv pro- posal, through your columns, which I think would bo ol' adviinliigo lo your colony, nnd to Australia generally. I am perhaps not assuming too milch in supposing that I um well enough known in your city to mako any explanation.of my antecedents necessary. I beliovo I was longer editor of a public journal in Molbourno than any other person up to this hour, and havo taken an adi vu part in nearly ovory public measure for tho bonofit of your colon)'. Tho idea luis struck ino?Booing tho very great interest that all classes hero tako iu tho stock exhibitions?thal il would bo of material advan- tage to Alctoria, and ovon to Australia, that ono of your cattle should bo exhibited at some of the grout shows in England mid Scotland. It would draw moro altcntion to tho colony, and bo a moro effective advertisement than uuy other thing that 1 know of. I havo oftcn.regrotted that in thoso great national " turns-out" thara was nothing to bring Australia, with all its great resources, into mind; aud you could riot behove how my heart warmed to a von- old " colonist"?Mr. Samuel Jackson, of St. Kilda, whoso name is mentioned in my history of Alo toriu, tis-ono ol' tho first batch of colonists who cunio over from Launceston to Port Phillip? when I knocked against him nt tho private view at tho Smithfield Show last year.-'. 1 um certain Hint ono of our best bcusts from Victoria would attract much attention hera. True, it could not compete for ii prizo iii tho classes, and could only havo ii chance as tho best beast in tba yawl, but tho interest iu it would bo very great, and tho effect moro powerful than could bo con- ceived by bringing the colony into notico. My idea is, that tho amount to buy und sond homo a first-rate ox or heifer should bo raised by subscriptions of?say £1 each j and if you, Mr. Editor, cnn curry it out, I kopo you will put down my name as n subscriber. I will also tako ull tho trouble ot"tko unimiil in this country. Sh', your obedient sorvant, Titos. M'CojiBrg. " Oas you tell mo," says tv pundit, " why a conundrum that nobody can guess. is liko a ghost?" "Shall I tell you now or next mouth?" "Kow, if you please" " AVell, sir, because, sooner or later, everybody iiiust giyo.it up." . '. ' i.. '.'" i ' A good wife is liko a printer's rollor, winch is composed of molasses and glue. Sho is as* sweet as tho former article, aud sticks to'ker Husband Uk« tk«.Utter, : . H '; ,1,; ..: The Joker Defeated. Amongst the com- pany that frequented Carlton-house was a cer- tain old Admiral P——, whom the Prince was ond of inviting, though he did not possess a single agreeable quality, or any one convivial gift, except a great power of drinking the very strongest port without its producing the slight- est show of effect upon him. One night Brummel, evidently bent on testing the old sailor's head, seated himself next him, making it his business to pass the decanters as briskly as he could. The admiral asked nothing better ; filled and drank bumpers. Not content with this legitimate test, Brummel watched his op- portunity when the admiral's head was turned, and filled his glass up to the brim. Four or five times was the trick repeated, and with suc- cess, when at last the admiral, turning quickly round, caught him in the very act, with the de- cantor still in his hand. Fixing his eyes upon him with the fierceness of a tiger, the old man said, "Drink it, sir—drink it!" and so terrified was Brummel by the manner and the look that he raised the glass to his lips and drained it, while all at the table were convulsed with laughter.—" Cornelius O'Dowd upon Men and Women, and other Things in General," in Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine. AUSTRALIAN MARRIAGE ANNOUNCEMENT " On the 27th, at the Cathedral, by the Right Reverend the Bishop of Palmerstown, assisted by the Very "Reverend Dean Maberly, of N.S.W., and the Rev. Minimus Smallchange of St. Micros, Little Creek, George Hillyar, Esq., Inspector of Police for the Bumbleoora district, eldest son of Sir George Hillyar, of Stanlake, England, to Gertrude, sixth and last remaining daughter of the late James Neville, Esq., of Nevilles Gap." This was the way the Sentinel announced it—" last remaining daughter." In England one would have thought that all the daughters were dead ! Australians understood this sentence better. It merely meant that all the other sisters were married ; that the Miss Nevilles were exhausted ; that there weren't any more of them left ; that if you wanted to marry one of these ever so much now you couldn't do it ; and that the market was free to the most eligible young ladies next in succession. That was all the Sentinel meant. Dead ! Quotha ?—" The Hillyars and the Burtons," in Macmillan's Magazine. QUEEN ELIZABETH'S LAST LOVER.—The ill- favoured Aujou pleased Elizabeth more than he did the people. The pulpit echoed with ob- jections made to unnatural alliances ; the pamphlets were published of so offensive a nature on this subject, that stationers who put them forth got their hands chopped off for their impertinence. And yet the people, pulpit, and pamphlets had their influence notwithstand- ing. Anjou came a secoud time, and tarried several months here till his patience was ex- hausted, or his power of stimulation was at an end. They dallied, nnd pouted, and caressed, and exchanged tokens, and caused much jealousy, and seemed to be mutually smitten, and finally parted for over. The Queen accom- panied Aujou stage by stage to Canterbury ; she returned to write sonnets descriptive of her imaginary miseries. And all for a hideous fel low whom his own sister loathed, and to whom his most intimate companion, Bussy d'Amboise, once said, "If I were Alencon and you were Bussey, I wouldn't, have you for a lacquey."— Court of Society from Elizabeth to Anne. By the Duke of Manchester. ENGAGING A SERVANT.—When Reuben stood before him, quick as light Sir George turned and looked at Erne for one second, and then looked at Reuben again. Steadily gazing at him, he pointed the handle of his riding-whip towards him, and said, " Look here, sirrah, do you hear? You are to have fifteen shillings a week, and are to put three half-crowns in the savings'- bank. You ave to get up at seven, say your prayers, to clean the boots, and offer to help the gardener. If he is fool enough to accept your offer, you may tell him that you wern't hired to work in' the garden. If Mr. Erne bathes, you are to row round and round him in a boat, and try to prevent his drowning himself. If he does, you are to send a servant to me, informing me of the fact, and go for the drags. If such a casualty should occur, you are to consider your engage- ment as terminated that day week. I object to skittles, to potting at public-houses, and to run- ning along the towing-path like a lunatic, bellow- ing at the idiots that row boat-races. Any conversation with my son Erne on the subjects of pidgeon-shooting, pedestrianism, bagatelle, all-fours, toy-terriers, or Nonconformist doc- trines, will lead to your immediate dismissal. Do you understand.—?" The Hillyars and the Burtons," in Macmillan's Magazine. A SPECIMEN MONEY LENDER.—One rule he had—that he would never compound. All or none, if he waited twenty years for it, was his motto ; and the result was that he often got paid in full, when more deserving creditors went begging. Not that he was very fond of giving time. He would rather take his debt in instal- ments, especially as that plan has the advantage of carrying you before him much oftener. My solicitor once proposed that he should sign an agreement, allowing me three years' grace. " Three years!" said Slummy, "why, I'm a- drinking port wine. I shall be dead in three years." And he does drink port wine. In the morning he can hardly hold his pen. Not that it signifies much, for he can't write anything, except the letters of his own name, which he prints at the bottom of his chocks, giving them to the clerk to fill up. It bothers him awfully to press him for a check when his clerk's not there, for he doesn't like to let you see he can't write. " You ain't in no hurry," he'll say on these occasions. " William'll be in in half an hour, and he shall bring it round. I ain't had nothing to drink this morning ; and if I was to begin to write my hand shakes so I should break down in the middle and spoil the paper." Talking of his clerks, they're all men whom he has ruined, and whom he takes on at a pound a week, or some- thing of that kind, " out of pure charity." He likes to tell you, when their backs are turned, how much they were once worth. "A foolish fellow," he will say, " pore Halfred—he was a linendraper, he was—he had his £10,000 once ; but he couldn't keep it, yer see." And so on— bragging of the size of his victims as a sports- men of the stags he has brought down. They are visually reduced to a shocking state, these clerks—always drunk, shabby, and ill-tempered. I saw one drop down dead myself, and another had a fit just opposite my windows. Yes ! and then Slummy tells you with perfect simplicity that he thinks they drunk.—Cornhill Magazine. A WEST INDIAN, who had a remarkably firey nose, having fallen asleep in his chair, a negro boy who was in waiting observed a mosquito hovering round his face. Quashby eyed the insect very attentively ; at last he saw it a light on his master's nose, and instantly fly off again. Yah ! yah ! he exclaimed with great glee, me berry glad to see you burn your fut. 