CENTRAL POLICE COURT. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 24. BEFORE the Police Magistrate. DRUNKENNESS.—George Chamberlain, on bail, was charged with this offence, coupled with disorderly conduct in Queen-street, on Tuesday last. He failed to put in an appear- ance, and his bail was forfeited. LARCENY.—George Smith, on remand, was brought up on a charge of stealing a cheque for £40, at Tamworth, about the 11th Novem- ber last. He was further remanded till Mon- day next, for the production of a material witness. TAMING A PORPOISE.—Mr. Frank Buck- land is making the most desperate efforts to get a live porpoise in the Zoological Gardens, but the creatures are apt to expire a few minutes after their arrival at their destina- tion. Mr. Buckland recently received a sum- mons to take charge of a live porpoise at Folkestone, and brought him to London by express train, not in the tank, because water won't travel express without splashing down the porpoise's blow-hole and choking him, but in a fish-box, with sea-water and a sponge near. Mr. Buckland gave him the most tender attention, dabbing the beast's nose and body with a wet sponge all up the line. The porpoise appeared to like the fast travelling except in the tunnels, when the steam and smoke made him snap and sneeze, and pro- bably induced, in his weak state, a serious diptheric affection of the throat. For when he arrived he could not swallow, and Mr. Frank Buckland kindly assisting him by poking a herring whole down his throat, the porpoise rejected it, and then gave up the ghost. We do not wonder. If Mr. Buckland, in a weak state, were treated for diptberia by having a mutton chop thrust bodily down his throat, he would probably not like the por- poise, or else die of the subsequent nightmare. We would suggest that the porpoise should be towed round the coast and up the Thames in any future attempt of the kind. They clearly don't appreciate railways and tunnels. —Spectator. THE BLACK PRELACY.—The first house in the village was the smithy ; a place of con- stant resort for the young men of the neigh- borhood, who gathered there as much for amusement as business. Habbie, the smith, being a great, newsmonger as well as keen politician, no sooner had tidings of any of Lord Nelson's victories reached the village, than he mounted his raw boned horse, and sallied forth amidst the cheers of his com- rades to carry the tidings to some more re- mote place. Habbie was a true, though nar- row-minded Scotchman, and thoroughly despised everything southern, especially " Black Prelacy,"—a name which is given even yet to Episcopacy amongst some of the lower orders in Scotland. Between Prelacy and Popery, Habbie either would or could not see any difference. Only once was he coaxed to enter an English chapel in a neighboring town ; and when asked after- wards how he was pleased with the worship, exclaimed contemptuously, "Yon kind o' wark is well eneuch to please fools an' bairns, but it winna dae for folk o'mind and judg- ment. Guide us a', sic foolery! A fallow cam in wi' a white sark, an' spoke sae fast, he soon grew short o' win', and sine another took up the words till he gathered breath again." Such was Habbie's description of the "Papish" worship, as he termed it.—By-gone Days in our Village. By J. L. W. We slept at a farm-house. All the males were absent at the war, and it is impossible to exaggerate the unfortunate condition of the women left bohind in these farm-houses ; they have scarcely any clothos, and nothing but the coarsest bacon to eat, and are in miserable uncertainty us to the fate of their relations, whom they can hardly ever com- municate with. Their slaves, however, ge- nerally remain true to them.—Three Months in the Southern States. By Lieut.-Colonel Fremantle. "PET MARJORIE."—We understand that this remarkable little narrative has attracted the notice of her Majesty the Queen, who has commanded a copy to be forwarded to her.— The Scotsman, November 28, 1863. 