THE PROGRESS OF REPRESENTATIVE DESPOTISM. (f'KOM THE SPECTATOR, OCTOBER 10.) Nineteen years ago, Mr Disraeli, not then a party chief, but a political novelist, busily engaged in outlining rather warm lovo scenes and pillaging the Political Register for original thoughts, offered a singular prediction. In tho face of all the facts existing in 1814, of Franco trauquil under n consti tutional rCgime, and England engaged in a fierce pnrty struggle, of Germany ruled by men who rested on Divino right, but used their mystical privileges with leniency, of Sir Robert Peel und Louis Philippe, Metternich's system and kingly taiui iu muuoius, me aumor 01 ? uoningsoy pro phesied that monarchy was about to enter on a new phase. Nations wero to bo represented, but by in dividuals instead of Parliaments. Tho Sovereign was to interpret tho nationnl will and to bow to public opinion, but to doviso and execute for himself tho means of gratifying the highest aspirations of the society over which ho reigned. Tho thought wa3 a remarkable one, though in Mr Disraeli, who might be Mazarin but never Cavour, less remarkable than in any thinLcr more nearly English in mind. There is in his heart a secret impatience of government by the middle class, which neither trusts nor likes him, which of itself makes him sometimes long for tho clever intrigues and brilliant strokes whieh raise men so fast under a personal reign. Still it was a remarkable thought, and, unlike most of Mr Disraeli's visions, such as his prophecy about Louis Philippe, and his grand sketch of Europe falling into decadence while tho Now World usurped it* place, it has been confirmed by events. The notion of representative des potism, of power derived from tho masses and exercised for the massos, but wielded by an in dividual brain, is spreading fast through Europe. The idea suits several tendencies of tho day, and especially two of them — the growing sense that all existing systems effect too little for tho majority, i and tho growing impatience of any organisa tion whoso working involves delay. Parlia mentary Government, though irresistibly strong, especially for finance, ia apt to bo annoyingly slow. Lord John Russell said, a few years ago, that within his experience overy great measure hadtakeu about seven years to pass — a delay which is really good, because it enables tho nation to receive tha new idea by filtration, but which is, at tho same time, highly irritating to those who havo graspod the idea at once. That Government has too, especially in England, a tendency to confino its benefits too closely to thoso who yield its power. It is nearly impossible — happily, not quite, or our society would go to pieces — to get the middle class to do anything except for tho middle class. We can hardly wonder that liberal thinkers, who «eo the Parisian ' blouse' I living habitually among gardeus and palaces built I for him as much as the respectables, aud then turn to Bethnal Green, or who un derstand what Imperialism has done for peasants like those of Alsace, ond then try in vain to get a hearing for tho Englishman, should doubt whether after all Napoleonism mny not have a groat principle at its base. Mr Bright shows ft nuance of that idea in every speech lie makes, and thero are thousands of cultivated men in England who have in their secret hearts pordonod Napoleon be cause, as they say, he really oxprosses France. Even to those who, like ourselves, hold that the in tellect of nations* ought to be represented before its material wants, who deliberately prefer that the dosires of the mass should be filtered through the olearer and harder minds of tho few, who are will ing to bear delay rather than risk tho chance of the foolish controlling tho wise, Ciosarism still retains a sort of magnetic attraction. There is a sense that ideal Crcsarism, the government of a man who represented tho higher as well as the lower divisions of opinion, might be an endurable organi sation. Suppose a free pres3 and Napoleon com patible, and none in Franco save Napoleon roleased from obedience to the law, — Frenchmen might ad vance very rapidly in tho career of civilisation. Thoy would lose self-dopendence, but tlioy would gain from the absenco of locul rosistanco ; they might possibly act prematurely, bat thoy could recoil as Parliaments never can. Speed, directness, absenco of friction, these elements of motion are in this hurried ago so highly appreciated that wo can quite comprehend, even among Liberals, tho feeling which underlies the frequent remark, ' Oh, for a Prefect of tho Thames witli ' power for a single decade!' But that great dynastic families, or any family which hopes to remain for ages at tho head of a nation, should adopt such a principle, seems to imply that foolishness which is so apt to precede destruction. That a sovereign may, by plaoing himself at tho head of his people, and declaring him self their exponent, treble his personal power is, of course, undeniable. Napoleon has done it, and the history of civilisation is full of short dictatorships. But the royal caste has not only to think of personal and temporary power. Its value, such as it is, is derived from its permanence, from the limits within which it compels the play of political forcos permanently to koep. Ciosarism, on the other hand, depends not only for its success, but its existence, on the personality of the Ctesar. If ho is feeble it falls ; if ho cannot sympathise with his people it falls ; if he has ex cessive or exceptional convictions it falls. He must, in fact, be that rarest of characters, a really strong man who is also pliant, one whoso mind can origi nate, yet can also act as a popular sounding-board. That a man with such a combination of qualities can always be found in a nation is doubtful, that he should always be found in a single family is impro bable, that he should always be found in tho eldost male of a single family is simply impossible. Ciosarism, by the conditions of its existence, is fatal to tho hereditary principlo. That prejudice in favour of particular families whicli lias for ten centuries exercised so marked and so inexplicable an influence upon nations may continue as strong as it will, but it cannot supply tho required necessity. A family of truo Ciesars is no moro possible than a fumily of groat poets, and iu attempting to bo Caaaur the legitimate sovereign simply endangers his dynasty. Yot thore can bo little doubt that the notion of re- basing power on universal suffrage constantly rocurs to the half defeated autocrats of the Continent. Thoy watch Napoleon with alarm, but also with admiration, and the Czar doubts if ho would bo weaker for a Diet sent up by peasants, and the King of Prussia ima gines that univorsal suffrage might give him the obe dient Parliament tho middlo classes refuse. The most decisive evidence has, however, been afforded this week, the ArchdukoMaximilian baring demanded as the sine quit non of his acceptance of tho Mexican throno that he should bo clected plfibiscite. He knows pcrfoctly well that such an eleotion, if coerced, will be simply & French nomination, which ho already has, and that oven if free, it will be an election by Indians, who can by no possibility know anything about him, his claims, or his merits. Imagine a Hapsburg honestly caring whether some Toltees approve his sovereignty or not! The motive of the demand is Bimply to find a now base for power broad enough to Bustain a claim to oxer oiso despotic authority. There wero other bases on which limited power might have been founded with ease. Conquest is never pleaded in these days except by Russia; but tho invitation of Mexico, expressed in tho address of its notables and the passivo assent of tbo people, would have boon a good title. A regular election by a freo Parliament re presenting what of intelligence remains in Mexico would hove been best of all, but then it would have been accompanied by tho draft of a constitution. The Archduko has caught tho Napoleonic theory of representative power, and demands tho vote of the Indians as ' the only legitimate basis of sove reignty.' Venice applauds, but will tho Archduke apply his grand principlo to tlio Italian possessions still held by his House? Undoubtedly tho new theory is the ono best suited to his own purpose. He has, sooner or later, to meet a Cortes, and it is lo him an incalculable ndvantago to he able to deal with that body as a power emanating from a suffrage broader than that which sends them np to tho capital. Tho Elect of the Mexicans may claim prerogatives which, in au Emperor, would havo been pronounced tyran nical. But to givo his heir tho samo rights, tho heir also should bo elected, aud, moreover, the pooplo that appoints must have, in theory at all events, also the right to dismiss. In practice should any nation accept Ciosarism heartily — a contingency perfectly possible —thoy must exercise this power, aud monarchy besides being popular will ulso bocome elective. We are not now discussing tho value of that modo of seeking out rulers. To us it seems an inept one, because tlio choice of a vast body of men who can know nothing about its object is, in fact, an appeal to chance. An English or Italian Parliament can choose from itself a dictutor, but evon a Parliament would bo baffled if it wero ordored to chooso tho wisest Englishman or most hopoful Italian to rulo in Italy or England. But wise or foolish, is that tho mode of transmitting sovereignty the royal families want? Becauso if not they are showing even moro than their usual want of brain ia these appeals to a prin ciple which must at last destroy them. The apology' for their existence is the utility of a power in tlio Stato whieh, not being directly drawn from tho people, may in great cn-orgencics exert a truly Con servative force, may, in fact, prevent every conflict of opinion from degenerating into a contest of strength. In giving up that theory and making of a popular voto a new Divine Right the dynasties aro abolishing their own raison d'etre, and with it the established order of Enropo. Ciosarism mny be' an excellent form of government, but tho royal caste may rely on it that for them it menns Revolution. The ' Chamber of Death.' — Perhaps no public man has the courage' t? send to the Chamber of Death, as it is called at tho Times office, and ask the editor to let him havo a look at his ' Life.' Sometimes, however, these ' Lives' appear bofore the breath is out of their body, as recently occurred in the care of Lord Clyde. -The Times takes great care about these matters. Some years ago a report was bronght to the office at eleven o'clock at night that Lord John Russoll was dead. Mr Walter, who goes to the offico much more fre quently than is supposed, happened to be thero. A consultation immediately took placo with writers and editors, and a gentleman of fact and experience was sent off in tho middle of the night to Chos ham place to inquire into tho truth or falsehood of tho report. Ho soon discovered that it arose out of exaggerated reports of a slight indisposi tion, which had been magnified into tho death of tho noblo Lord ; but, short as was bis absence from tho offico, iu tho interim ample means had been taken to meet the emergency — tho fatal casket had been opened, the record of a life which would form in itself no unimportant chapter in the history of tho country was dis played, and an army of biographers, editors, and printers, were prepared to raise the ghost of the departed nobleman, and fix tlio picture in its frames before the morning light had dawned upon the sleepers of London. When the messenger had returned, and it was found that tlio intelligence was false, tho memoir was rcconsigued to its resting place in tho casket, the Chamber of Death closed, the rejected columns replaced, and the world was informed that the Times was rejoiced to be able to state that the rumor of the illness of so distinguished a nobleman was wholly without foundation. — Court Journal. 