LAW cerras THEOLOGY. (Prom the 'a&turdry; Rlc?elo.) There is no more dangerous temper ot mind than that which expresses itself in the cry that "some thing must be done." Vague terror, and an indefinite craving for action, are the worst of counsellors. It is no matter of surprise that the Church of England, which was two years ago induced to listen to their suggestions, finds hersell just now in a helpless and undignified plight. When the Esaysa aad BResiee first appeared, or rather when injudicious dignitaries firat forced them lnto notoriety, the great mass of the clergy were suddenly panic-streck. They became deaf to all reasonable representations of the real nature of the danger which they thought they had discovered. In vain they were told that the speculatiops were not rew,' that the form in which they were couched was not fascinating, and that, if they exercised any extensive influence, they could only derive it from the imlportance which the clerieal body itself was leonding to them. Remonstrances fell upon heedless ears; and the remoostrants were rebuked as luke. warm friends, or nmomre commonly as secret enemies, of the Christianu religion. The imaginations of the clergy had conjured up a gigantic ghost, and thoem who agreed in nothing else were all of one mind as to the neoeesity of slaying it. And, therefore, the fatal resolution was very generally come to that something must be done. If, before resolving on this general proposition, the clergy who joined in the movement had be. thought themselvesof enquiring what it was that they were to do, it is possible that they might have recoiled from the ignominy and the peril to hlob they were exposiiig their Church. The doctrines and practice of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Counil were no novelty to them. Previous case bad famlicrised the world with the legal principles which that body found itself bound to apply to die. puted questions of dogmsa. And it was obvious that the decision of questions of religious faith se cording to the principles of dry law was not'likel to have a satisfactory moral effect upon the maof lay believers. Bue it was not to be expeesed that the Judicial Committee would proceed upon 'any other principles. They were all distinguished law. yers. and the Court over which they presided PIas nothing buta legal tribuna. To them, the creeds, the prayers, the articles of the Church, were only so many schedules to a statute. Legislative force had been given them by the Act of Uniformity and othsr hta, and tlierelore it was the duty of the com. patent Courts ofLawto construe them eas they wquld havse construed qny other portion oi the,titatte. book. Penal cousequencesa were attached to a uo trsavention of these formulsries by a clergyman, and therefore they were to be construed with the str.ct nesas whith I broughtl to bear po the pesal sta. tot?eseuyrs y. £ut4heological controveratees can enly bear is process if the formuslaries over which they are waged have been framed opecially with a viems to the precise q@uetoas?n issue. Theology isebot eiaily confined within the trammels of regal hh~ie. ology. Its subjecttntter is too myetel1bu, tdeals too mueb with tmthi which the hmiem 'inielleet can es t half '&ppeehend;, to slirerthe use ls~ispage of absolute precision. Any ;glieos e.eor ,?m !be igtqardaalnsI in the meitr1lcfon ofc tingry7. trot the !most roite ?0nvbyag?oe ialn J[? 'i ][n~u could sot frgme words that s, ou ld e?uDl as I as w'ell as oown oplnions--thst should oonde,?u, with ditnctuoa e npient for the purposes of.pensal legI~ ou, not. ely.lel exsting. derese, but all theviews which in any future age might be deenied unorthodox. The' Beformers would have been gited, not only with scumen, but with prophecy, if tbej had foreseen all the opinions which politeal scientific, or moral changes might combine to gese rate within the three suooeeedlngcnntriesl. Judge who are called upon to decide ulpon nineteeth century ontroversies by the light of siteenth-cen. tury formalarias, have before them atask not unlike that of deeiding whether Iron.pltsd shipsare armed within the meaning of the Forein Enlistment Ant, which was passed before iron-plaed ships had been invented. The forfeiture which would eccre 4(o either case neeessarilyinclines sa English coaurt of justice to lean to the side of the defendant. All this was very evident, and must have been perfectly wellknown to the dignitaries who set this movement on foot. They were probably misled by afalse .historical analogy. The United Church in old time, and the Roman Church to this day, always pIoeoeuted those who were looked orn as heterodor by the domlinant religious feeling of the time. Thbierefda, it' was arguied, we ought to proeoeste now, if we lntead-to'be like the ancieht Churih.. But prosutron meat a very differept thing, then b i s' what it meane now. The greet religioUs lnovatorsofealier -times were undoun edly tri. ~fo their dogmatec otfenes; t it iwlr not ltefore telbsmnla bo?nd to decide according to the ast letter of a -ssmyieding law. The anuthaity exasieed by the anpilen Councils by whom ireitics were ounleaned w?s not judiil, but i~ienal--if that metaphor n~ay be papplied to" judridc.on so.stone in its 4astaoter. 2hey heLd themselves bouned by no old forp?uolries If whkit they cousided to be nw er )r p iseted itself, they gst it by pew dedlntionD . Such a discretion would be wholly imlcompatible with civil and religiqus liberty, as we understand them at the preett sday. But thai change of conditions, how. ever selutsry, entirely altere the nature of an eccleslastical prosecution.' It is of no uee trying to imitate the ancient Ohurch in such proceedings when the materials for'doing sodo not exist. An English clergyman tried ppon a doubtfl statute before Lord Westbthly at Whitehall le one thing; Arus arraigne4 before BHoius: at Nicma for deadly heresy, of which the Counoll was the unfettere judge, is quite sqother thing. 'The two things beare about: as much resebislneec to esob other as tlie poaltion of Constaintine hae to the position of Qseep Victoria. It is worse than usel i to oneouund tribunal, which can only constrpe statutes, with i synod, which can lay down artioles of faith. Thee. may be some who would i like to see the despotic power' of the old Councils revived. There as probably pimany 'io-- who would look upon sach a rescitatilon will anything hut enthusietm. But the facts remain, whatever estimate sayse formed of them. If youareshut up ino acage, it is open to you to dispute whether baers are or are not adeantagesus elditiona to the sides. But you will only get a bloody scalp for your pains if you carry your unfavourahle opinion to the legth of dashing your headagainst thepm. This confusion of thought ioto which the prose cutors hata fallen has issued disastransly for the objects of Church poleicy they had at heart. The proseuntor in the recent suit pmrbbly belevres that he has been following in the fooesteps of Athanb? silus; but he has compassed a result which would have been as diststeful to his exemplar as it is to himself. He desired to fence in the fipld of Church. mnaship at a point where he thought the hedges had been negslected; but ail thaIt hIe has done has been to lay low a codsierable length of lernce which, her tore he commencedl his effortsra, seemed to be in per, fectly goodrepair. It is never -the policy of those who wisi to put the most rigid interretation upon a doubtful penal law todrag it needlesidy into onrta ofjustie. Holes are sure to be fonod in it by as" inte lawyers and judges; and those holes, bns dis covered, can never be closed again. As long as it remains indeinite and nltreied, its terrors will prob. ably extend far beyond is real powers. The legal effect of these ecclesiastical prosecutions is pretty sure to be precisely the reverse of that which those who institute them desire. Their moral effect will probably be deplored even by those who desire to see the wide limits of the Church of England made wider still. The mode in which lawyernmustneeds handle sared docsrines is deeply repulsive to men of reverential feeling. Ordinary people do not draw the distinction between legal and theological scep ticism; end they are spe to conclude that doctrines have no foothold in revelation which happen not to be discoverable in the formularies that hrve received a Parliamentary sanction. Lord Westbury is, no doubt, in his heart, a devout believer; but the Ian. guege in which he was compelled to dissect dogmas which millions in this country have been thought to cherish as unasaI?lable cannot be salutary in its effetes either upon the spiritual life of the religious or the moralityol the mass. But the responsibility for all thi evil lies up~on the ehouldersof those Who, if they had more deeply reflected, might have fore seen the danger upon which they were rushing, and yet resolved to hazard il. 