a trip to mount macedon. : It is Saturday night in Castlemaine, and we three (the latest triumviate of which history is cognizant) are about to .start for Woodend,, to nnss the night within the precincts of that now sadlv deserted township, with the intention of transporting our recruited tabernacles in the morning to the top of Mouiit Macedon. Jump in then, and let us be off ; but first, thou bearded patriarch, hast thou carefully stowed away that pocket pistol, not again to see the light till it is produced before admiring eyes on the northern slopes of the Mount ? Good, then let us go. And so the roaring monster is let out of lash and tears away into the darkness, its one white eye piercing far into the night, and warning behind with its lurid red. Pray, be careful, tliou engine-driving son of Yulcan, not to cast us head over heels into the valley of the Taradale viaduct, or otherwise send us " unannealed " into the dark Unknown. So, so, Woodend is the meaning of those inarticulate shoutings of the guard, -and out we jump, to find another triumviate awaiting our arrival on the drizzly platform. Yes, drizzly, it actually rains, and the waters are now probably surging and tumbling down the slippery slopes that we purpose to ascend on the morrow. Look away to the South, and see that huge projection on the sky, something darker than darkness, lifted up like a black brow against Heaven, .and fro wiring even through th e rainy night. That is Mount— Macedon, — and our destiny to-morrow. Hurrah ! > Now, all the Powers have mercy on the man who sleeps in a wooden house, and whose neigh bours are fellows with stentorian lungs, and vast faculties for snoring. Oh ! that wretched might ! One, two, three, one after another the guttural surgings are sent forth from different throat-batteries, and meet in our sleepy ears ; in one crash of a'wakening sound. By George ! the window is fast, or we should out, fair night or foul, to escape this horrible corrobery. But lo ! the end is near, and an early rising Chan- ticler (bless him) who is evidently of the same, opinion as poor Richard, announces with voice that sounds to us like sweet music, that Aurora is opening the gates of the Suh. With huge relief, we endow ourselves in our inexpres-. sibles, and walk forth to bid the goddess, ' good morning. Dull and heavy are the mists on the. Mount, seen rolling along the: sides; with well-defined limit ; the summit lost meanwhile in upper v clouds ; the sky heavy and lowering ; the earth x and 'woods wet and damp; but fear noti we are prophets, and tbe day that breaks so unpro- misingly will have a glorious termination. How sweet the smell of the woods in the first dawn of morning, and how jovial becomes the laugh ing jackass as he sees the sun'tinting the eastern sky. The magpie hastens with a host of smaller Kiwrlp frt i Ai'r» . in flin miicio 4vll tlia Trnnn P QTfl uixua iu juiu iu uixv? jju uoio iiiii wuw, vocal with melody, going up high, high, into Heaven, an humble matin song of praise. And Tiho and Pompey are with us for a walk, and away they go in mimic pursuit, tearing after each other head over heels, " wouf; wouf," , whirling now in rapid circles, and away 'again into the straight running, till we ourselves catch the infectious joy, and shout "J ubilate ! " Good bye, Tiho, good bye Pompey, no more with us shall ye — - but no, let us have our picture all in the sun, and no dark shades! Here is our Gicerone mounted on his mare Bell, so we must be off. Good-bye, and the fate of all good dogs attend you; The orders i are to march, and away we go in the direction of the Mount, at a splitting pace, a mixed : lot, some in light, and some in very heavy marching \ order indeed, not like a thin red (or . any other colored) line, but each tearing away on his own hook, words few because wind scarce. Yet the solemn intention " to do or die " is in every face. Well footed Bell among these rocky places ; mind your eye to-day ; take care of your blooming burden for this once, and we shall confer on you immortality. And now we reach a spring of 'water about 280 feet above. Woodend, a second Lethe losing itself in the Mount, about 100 yards high'er up, and bursting forth again. Oat with that : pocket -pistol, for our graadfather was a soldier, and dear to us has been the smell of powder since we; knew it. Ka ! this cold water is a drink . fit for gods. In " with your heads ' into the stream, and do not withdraw them till you have a sensation like that of the man whose nose never would get warm. But no dalliance, " up boys and at it "are tbe words of our burly leader; and so we breast the steep mountain side. On past the steam mill, where the huge trees are." converted into stakes and pallisades, and shingles, and camp stools, for anything we know ; and up again where the way is nearly perpendicular.1 Stop, thou that foots it like a red deer, and out with the binocular, for away to the left are Dryden's rocks, solitary mountain mound, and we long to distinguish their basaltic columns rearing their ambitious heads towards Heaven. Come on ye panting heavy weights, here is: a sight fit for a king ; but no delay, and on again towards the region of mist and cloud, which is yet high and well defined above us. Let us wait a moment for these melting moun taineers -below us, and refresh them with a pull at .the., pistol, ha! that joke was nearly catching your wind away, now look round my lads, and and behold at your feet the valley smiling in the sunv. Now get well together, for we enter Cloud Laud, and move among the vapoury masses, and see and feel them, as they rush past on their;unknown mission ; and lo ! a . tramway oflo's down which the dethroned monarchs of the forest are launched fi'om their dizzy eleva tion on the top, down, down the sides of the mountain with crashing noise like thunder, roll ing themselves and huge rocks and broken trees, into the valley below. And so to tbe top where, the Powers preserve us, we find a steam-engine and tramwa3rs and other appliances that man has planted there to tear from the head of the Monarch of the Hills his leafy crown ; and strug gling through the densestbrushwood (bravely leapt old mare) and over huge trees that intercept our way, .we come in sight of the Observatory, and the tents of a partjr of the Geodetic survey, and as we have the honour to be acquainted with its chief, we accept his invitation to enter, and having- reached the summit, though in mist and cloud, we drink in deep draughts with many voiced cheers to our ascent of Mount Macedon. Twenty years ago, O Nature, and thou held'st over this square undisputed sway. Here thou reignedst in solitary grandeur, now thou are partially dethroned. The monarch trees that then crowned this mountain summit, are taken now by the hissing engine, and snapped into forms for man's use — Ghost of Macedon ! once the silent abode of the kangaroo and wallaby, and the undesecrated house of Nature, how are these mighty solitudes turned into peopled places, — on the top roars a steam-engine — thy summit and sides are being stript of their stal wart glories, and the peaceful animals that once found shelter on thy thickly wooded bosom, are now the prey of men and dogs. But see, the mists are clearing, and out laughs the merry sun, to see the clouds routed before him, and rolled away into non-existence by the impelling wind. Now look around, and the eye encounters chiefly forests of tree tops, with occasional ele vations of dark mountain and pleasant strips of cultivated country, laughing up to us from below, too few alas, and far between. Mounts Alexander, Franklin, the Blue Mountain, and Tarrangower are all visible, but the mist is still South, and we can only be shown where the bay should be. The railway like a thin dark line is seen threading the country southwards, and the progress visible is accepted as a proof of what shall be. But we are getting prosaic, whereas we came out for exercise and health, and to be away from cities and life's conven tionalities, and to indulge one wild day in the freedom of Floods and Mountains : so, Macedon for ever, hurrah, hurrah ! and one cheer more for our jolly leader, hurrah ! Hear ! the orders are again to march, and we begin to descend the other side of the Mount towards Gisborne, facilis descensus. Beautiful are the fern trees on this descent, and beautiful it is to look upon therearingsides of themountain, illumined by the declining sun. Soon we reach the bottom, but not till we have visited a pretty cascade, where the water, dances to its .own : music, and we refresh our tanned face in its pearly depths. And now, Old Mount, farewell,, we would not have missed making thy acquaint ance for a fortune, but we are hungry,' and dinner waits at Gisborne. Good-bye, good bye. ... 