?'^!,^J;r',.^HE,yEEK. ;: -' ; ; n The elections have of course been the chief topic ; of conversation throughout tho week. The follow ing, for those of the first batch which werecpn '--'? tested, took place on Wednesday last. The interest observed in them was scarcely so great as might haye been anticipated, though this may, partly be accounted for by the very inclement weather whioh ?prevailed. The following are the names of tho j successful candidates : — South Bourke, Messrs L. '-.L. Smith and O'Grady; West Bonrke, Messrs J. ''''?' T. Smith, Riddell, and King; East Bourke, Messrs .. , Cowell and Sherwin ; Eipon and Hampden, Mr ! Longmbre; Dundas and Follett, Mr Fairbairn ; Villiers and Heytesbury, Messrs Bayles and Moffatt; ' North Gipps ' Land, Mr Pearson ; South Gipps Land, Mr Snodgrass ; Dalhousie, Mr Young; ?rfi, 'and Evelyn, Mr Thomson. We are glad '' .to ,;. perceive that the electors for the ', V: /.Legislative, Council are at last arousing themselves. -, /; Mr- Pettett has beaten Mr Power for the Southern ??' ' .Province by an overwhelming majority, and for r;': tlie- other vacancies it appears certain that a suffi ; cient nuaiber of liberal candidates will be found ,,,. to prevent the return of the old obstructives. We v .?;??;, regret to. have to notice within the last few days \--?' the occurrence of two extensive failures which : ' ? have caused almost apanioin commercial circles. !, ? ' iBusiness in consequence has been very dull; and '{?',-. credit being heavily shaken, a general indisposition ,y; is manifested to, puBh transactions to any extent. ' '-'^ : Considerable excitement has been occasioned in ? l; connection with .these failures by. the repudiation ' . .: of sales of bonded goods made to the bankrupts . .in . .question. When goods in bond . are . disposed of it is the practice to hand over the -bonded certificate to the party purchasing, which is ; ;; accepted by him as due delivery of the goods. Since ; the failures alluded to have taken place, however, the original vendors of bonded goods to these parties i have stopped the issue of the goods from the bonded \- etores, notwithstanding the previous sale and trans fer of certificate. This has entailed great hard ship upon many firms who are totally unconnected cither with the yendors or the original purchasers, ? ; ?? since in a number of instances the certificates had changed hands four or five times subsequent to the ' first sale. In order apparently to prevent a repeti tion of this praotice, a regulation has been issued by the hon. the Commissioner of Trade and Customs, whereby a purchaser may have his name substituted &3 the bonder for that of the vendor in the ware houseman's books, thereby preventing any further interference on the part of the latter. We have had ? genuine Saxbian weather during the week. On Wednesday, it rained and blew furiously and without ' , intermission from morn till night, and the forenoon ' , of Thursday was but little better. The consequence ? has been that we have been visited with another flood, and on the last named day tho water was so 1 'deep on the Sandridge road that traffic was almost [['.? ' entirely suspended. . ? i;- The -irst batch of eleotions have now terminated, -and the result in some instances is curious. At *??'?'.?'' South Bourke ,Captain Dane found himself in his proper place, at the bottom of the poll, but ho ''['' nevertheless served the purpose for which he was wanted, and proved himself a serviceable tool in the hands, o£ the O'Shanassy-cum-Brooko faction, since, by his becoming a sham candidate and thereby deceiving some of the liberal portion of the electors, a really liberal man was prevented from coming forward, and Mr O'Grady's return secured. The opinion in whioh Mr Duffy is held by his late con Btituents is significantly shoivn by the return of Mr Moffatt, of land evasion notoriety. Mr Duffy wont to Villiorsand Heyteshury to praise his own Land BiU and blow his own trumpet— as he could get no one else to do it for him— trying at the same time to hide his own iniquity behind Moffatt's sin, and the electors, in order to evince their contempt for such tactics, returned Moffatt— who before had scarcely the ghost of a ohance— at the head of the poll! A few weeks sinoe we alluded to the fact that Mr Houston had joined the O'Shanassy clique, and the . ' ep'ort has since been confirmed by Mr Houston himself, who, in addressing the Crowlands electors, admitted that ho was not a supporter of the Govern , ment, and excused himself for not voting for the Land Act Amendment Bill, introduced by Mr i Heales, by stating that it was not liberal enough for hint! A local man— Mr Donald Campbell— has' also come forward, and is running in the interest of tho samo party with Mr HonBton. Two really liberal candidates are wanted for this district, and were they to come forward they would be easily returned, as the views held by by Mr Donald, tho third candidate, on tho land question, are not acceptable to the eleotors. ; . Mr Woods, wo observe, is about ' to oppose Mr '?-.?: : Broolte at West , Gteolong. There still &ppoar.a; to be a great want of liberal candidates, and the constituencies who are in the second and third class should lose no time in looking about them, and securing the most eligible men. v \- The sudden political conversion of Mr Henry Miller is, perhaps, one of the most remarkable that has taken place in the history of the colony. The issue of a writ for the election of a member to serve in the Legislative Council for the Western Province has worked a most extraordinary change in his opinions. The loss of the coveted title of ' honorable,' Tinder which he no doubt hopes to hide his real character, has convinced him of his sins, and he now appears on the stool of repentance before his late constituents, and, asking for one more trial, promises to do. better for the future. But :— 'The Devil was sick, the Devil a saint would be ; ^he Devil got well, the devil a saint was he.' And so it would be with Mr Henry Miller. Were the electors of the Western Province, to be so fatuously credulous as again to trust him, to put the slightest faith in the sincerity of his new politi oa! creed, and return him as their representative' again would they be egregiously deceived, and richly would they deserve it. The address put forth by Mr Miller is in itself an evidence that the man is not changed. He is anxious to seoure his reelec tion, and is careless as to the means .to :which he resorts to further his purpose and secure the attain ment of his ? desire. He observes that the constituencies are determined no longer to tolerate tho obstructiveness and grasp ing selfishness of the Upper House and he, therefore, comes out upon the liberal and reform tioket. He adopts the Government land policy and a reform of the Leglislative Council as his election cry, just as he would have adopted any other, no matter what its Character, that promised to serve his ends. In May last, when MrFraser brought forward his motion for a reduction in the qualifica tions of members of, and voters for, the Upper House, Mr Miller strongly opposed it. In his published address to his late constituents, this gentleman now says that he is prepared to bow ta the wishes of the people, and to reduce by one half the qualification of both members' and electors ! How much should wo have heard of Mr Miller's bowing to the wishes of the people had he not been seeking re- election ? Wishing to be thought of liberal principles, he has shown himself to be of no principle at all. At tempting to obtain credit for candor, and seeking to appear before the public as a popular candidate, he has, by his duplioity, disgusted even those of his own class, and earned the well merited scorn and contempt of every honest man. The name of Goyder has become a terrible bogie to the South Australian squatter. But Goyder is a useful man, and has done the State some service. He indeed seems to be a remarkable man (for a Government officer), for he has been content to be guided by the ordinary rules which regulate com mercial men in every day mercantile transactions. He was instructed to value tho runs, and value them he did, by first clearly ascertaining what they were worth, how much stock they could carry, and then rating them accordingly. This simple method of transacting business has evidently astonished the shepherd lords of South Australia. That the Government, in re-letting the runs, or in readjust ing the rents, should take notice of such a trifling ciroumstance as that the good-will of a run, when offered for sale, fetched a sum that could only be calculated by thousands of pounds, appears to be utterly incomprehensible to their ovino intellects, and they have actually held meetings to protest against Goyder's proceedings, and to request the Government to ignore them. Here, however, they were met with (to them) another strange faot, for not only had Goyder acted in a sensible and straightforward manner, but the Government had sense enough to perceive it, and the attempts of the squatters to move the Government, or to arouse public sympathy in their behalf , were both miserable failures. The Government have determined to sup port the valuations of Mr Goyder, and the squatters have to reooncile themsolves to the idea — painful though it be — that for the future they will have to pay something like a fair rent for the vast estates of which they enjoy the exclusive possession. The S. A. Advertiser observes on this matter that the ' high price at whioh runs have been sold, and the immense revenues derived and derivable from many of them, have not only prepared the public for Mr Goyder'o valuations, but amply justify the same. The faot that tho hon. Mr Baker ia now paying the hon. Mr Davenport nearly twice as much par mile for the Tungkillo run as Mr Goyder's very highest estimate, proves that the new valuations are rather under than over tho mark ; whilst tho manner in which tho squatting advocates condemn putting up tho runs to auction is a proof that they know that the grass is worth really more than. Mr Goyder has valued it at.' We wish we had a Goyder in Victoria. If Mr Verdon finds his cash rather short, here at least is a good hint for him — import a Goy der. Is it too much to expect that clerks of petty sessions, and other officials performing similar duties, should exercise an average amount of intel ligence, instead of blindly doing what they imagine to be, and call, their duty, just as a parrot would repeat its small stook of set phrases ? Several instances have recently occurred in the country districts in which suitors before the district courts have been put to great inconvenience through the culpable negligence or ignorance of these officials in wrongly granting summonses, and then, when the cases came to be heard, it was discovered that proceedings have been taken in the wrong district and the unfortunate victim of an official's stupidity loses his time and money, and has to commence de novo. An in stance of this occurred the other day at the county court, Ballaarat. In the case Morris v. Kussell, the plaintiff sued for wages as a cook on a station at Carngham, and his case was struck out, as it should have been brought at the nearer court at Sinythesdale. The plaintiff had unhap pily : been nonsuited twice before by the Kokewood bench of magistrates in reference to the same cause of action. The plaintiff said the clerk at Ballaarat gave him the Bummons when he asked for it. We do not mean to contend that clerks of courts should act as legal advisers to all who come to them for summonses ; but surely they might take the trouble to see that they do not give summonses which they must know , to be utterly useless, since they cannot be adjudicated upon by the court by which they are issued. The class most likely to suffer from such carelessness and stupidity is just that which is the least able to bear the expense occasioned by such mis takes and which is unable to pay for legal .advice or assistance. We trust that for tho future poor, suitors will not be allowed to fall blindly into such errors, or the suggestion whioh — perhaps, somewhat uncharitably — has been made that the olerks of courts wilfully permit suoh mistakes in order to play into the hands of professional men, will receive additional force. Another boiler explosion has taken place at Ballaarat, . and this time with far more lamentable results than tho mere destruction of property. Three men have been more or less severely injured and one woman killed. On Friday evening last the boiler of the Durham Gold Mining Company at Lake Wendouree exploded, the explosion being of suoh force that the boiler was driven a distance of two hundred and forty feet from its bed, through tho engine house and two wooden cottages which were in the yioinity, all of which were entirely destroyed, .whilst the wife of the owner of one of them, a woman named Mary Peart, was instantaneously killed. The necessity for the adoption of some means for the inspection of mines and the ma chinery employed in working them was again forcibly shown by the evidence which was taken at the inquest held on the body of the unfortunate woman. Tho witnesses who were examined differed greatly in their opinion as to the cause of the acci dent. Some attributed it to the want of water in the boiler, and others to faulty construction and weakness in the boiler itself. From the whole tenor of the facts adduced it is very evident that the boiler was not in a fit state to bo used. It had been leaking for the last eightoon months, or two years ; the mining managor admitted that it had never beon considered a very good one, and about four weeks prior to the explosion — when examined by an engineer — it was found to leak more or less in every seam. The tube of the boiler also appears to have been out of all proportion to its size, for Mr Erririgton, an engineer, and manager of the Soho iron works, who was called in as an export, deposed that it was the largest ho had ever seen in a high pressuro boiler ; add to this the faot that one of the platos had been worn down until it was only a quarter of an inch thick, and then we think no surprise will be felt at the rogret expressed by the coroner that there was not some law by whioh a good deodand might be obtained from companies in connection with whose works such aocidents occurred; for, as he observed, 'were the Durham Company compelled to pay a thousand pounds for having been the means of causing tho death of Mrs Peart it would only be a proper return for such carelessness of human life.' The Durham boiler, however, according to Mr Errington, is far from being tho worst iu use on Ballaarat. He mentions oae whioh was so thin that ho knocked a hole through it with a hammer, and still it is in use and will no doubt some day add to the list of explosions and tho catalogue of those who come to an untimely end. It is not, however, from faulty boilers that the only danger ia to be apprehended. Perhaps even a greater source of apprehension ia to be found in the fact that men are employed as engine drivers who have never been used to such an occupation, and who positively have no idea of the nature, construction, or enormous powers of ''the machinery entrusted to their care and control. What wonder, then, that under circumstances such as these, boilers explode and other accidents occur ? It is quite time that the Legislature took action in this matter. Factory machinery is periodically, ex amined by a Government inspector in the mother country, and there leaky boilers or defective ma chinery would not be allowed for one moment, and surely there exists no reason why wo should be less careful of human life here. No measure for the pre vention of accidents in connection with mining operations, however, would be either satisfactory or effectual that did not at the same time contain a clause making companies responsible, to a certain extent at least, for the casualties which occurred in connection with their works. [ Mr David Moora is opposed to protection, and contends that the colony does not need it. In proof of this he, in his speech to the electors of Sand ridge, on Thursday evening, the 29 th ult., referred to an institution with which he was connected — the Sandridge Sugar Works — which he said .had successfully carried on the manufacture of sugar without its aid. Mr Moore is singularly unfortunate in his illustration. The Sandridge Sugar Works are protected by a special enactment. The com pany is permitted to take the raw sugar out. of bond without paying duty, and the duty is afterwards collected upon the amount only of the refined sugar produced. This is nothing less than a differential duty, and, were it not for this provision, Mr Moora would not have been enabled to refer to the sugar works as a flourishing institution. ' . We have to welcome a new contemporary, in the field of journalism, an off-shoot from the Argua office, in fact a weekly edition of that paper. It is to be hoped that this, the fourth attempt of the Argus proprietors to establish successfully a weekly issue of their journal, will not end in such a com plete failure as that which has attended their former efforts, especially as three journals wera ruthlessly strangled in order that the fourth should not dwindle away from the want of sufficient nourish'*, ment and attention. What will be thought of the following picture of Victorian society, as sketched in the leading columns of the Argus of Monday last ? Of course the writer ridicules the idea that there is, or ought to be, any destitution in this model free trade colony of bis. What if there are, as some weak minded individuals assert, such an unusal number of destitute peoplo about, that private charity, the Benovolent Asylum, and the Immigrants' Aid Society are all powerless to afford them the necessary relief — why, then, it serves them right. Listen to the oracle : — ' What does the history .of the working class teach' us ? Taking the mining population, by far the largest element of that class, what is the lesson the miners have bequeathed to us? Thoy have become inde pendent without acquiring the virtues of inde pendence. Like those who assume to call them selves their betters, their moral progress has no kept pace with their material progress. They have been suddenly put into a position to fill their purses, without any corresponding growth of- that good sense whioh manifests itself in provident habits of conduct. They have had their interests in their own hands, and have been their own masters, and the very amelioration of their circum stances has beeu the source of their domoralisa tion.' 'Demoralisation' indeed. This is tha first time we have heard that the working classes! in Victoria were demoralised. And demoralised by what, Malvolio ? . By having been the;r 'own masters ?' In what penal settlement has the writer been editing a newspaper before he came to this free country ? A special meeting of the Emerald Hill Volunteer Artillery corps was held, at the orderly room, Wednes day, for the purpose of olecting non-commissioned officers. Capt. Anderson presided, and there was a good attendance of members. The first business! was tho election of a sergeant, and for this office there were four candidates, namely, Corporals Ford ham and Burroughs, and Gunners Campbell and Kerr. On a vote being taken, Gunner Campbell was declared elected. For the office of corporal, three candidatos presented themselves, namely. Gunners P. Kerr, G-odkin and Campbell. The vote resulted in the election of Gunner Kerr. Gunners Barrie and Gammio wore elected auditors to audit the half-yearly accounts, to bo submitted to a meet ing, to be held that night fortnight. Capt. Ander son announced that tho official inspection of the corps would take place on Saturday next. It was also intimated that the corps would parade for gun drill, on Saturday uf ternoon, on its own ground, in- - stead of at the Prince's Bridge barracks, as has been the praotice for some time. 