SOCIAL. Tbe anniversary of the birth of his Boyal High ness the Prince ot Wales was very quietly but sen sibly commemorated in Ballarat. The dsy proving very fine, and people being well disposed to consti tute the occasion a sort of holiday-though there had been no magisterial recommendation to that effect-the town never during the entire day as sumed a strictly business aspect, and m the after noon it was all but deserted. The shops in the principal thoroughfares were closed during the latter part of the day, and so were the banks and public offices of almost every description. Loyal demon strations in the shape of flags appeared on many business premises, and ou a variety of prominent places, pnblic and private. Citizens of both sexes, liberated from business ties, betook themselves to country drives, many to the contest at the Rule Butts, but the great majority to Lake Wendouree. In the afternoon, more than a hundred boats might be seen on the water at one time, including at least thirty under sail. These were mostly filled with gaily dressed people, and the waters of the lake con sequently presented sn amount of brilliance, bustle, and life, unwonted even for that exceedingly popular place of resort. The weather within the last month has been of a very unsettled character, and though summer may now be stated to have set in with indications of some severity, it is accompanied with much atmos pheric disturbance. A dreadful hailstorm took place on the afternoon of Friday, 2lst October, extended to the Murray, and did much damage throughout its entire course. At Echuca, the lightning broke the telegraph wire, and caused temporary suspension of communication with New South Wales. The destruction of crops, gardens, and fruit trees in the Mount Bolton district was fearful. Within a cir cumference of four miles scarcely a field or garden escaped. A correspondent writes:-"The hail began to descend in -Buch quantity as hardly has ever been witnessed by man, destroying everything in its onward course. The largest of the bail stones, measuring from three to four inches in cir cumference, and composed of solid ice, made inden tations in the virgin soil one inch and more in depth. In about twenty minutes the hailstones covered the ground from three to four inches deep, when the storm exhausted its fury, but the hail caused by its melting a con siderable flood. Never did anything look more promising than all sorts of cultivation crops, orchards, vineyards, and gardens, and in less than half an hour everything was destroyed: shin gles split on roofs ol houses, window panes smashed in, the bark of fruit and other trees peeled off, and the trees stripped of their leaves. Even the partly decayed logs ia fences or elsewhere did not with stand the force of the bail; the outside was beaten to sawdust, and can be gathered up in bucketsfulL The ice lay for more than twenty-four hours on the ground without diminishing much in size." Another correspondent says:-" The crops were literally cut to pieces. Verandah roofs were smashed to pieces with the large pieces of ice that fell. It was pitiful to see tbe poor cattle. Horses fell to the ground with the force of tbe pieces of hail or ice. Bullocks yoked, and horses harnessed, kicked and turned, but could not find shelter until one of the greatest ice storms was over that ever I witnessed in my lifetime, and I have experienced a few very heavy gales of raio, sleet, show, and hail ia several parts of the globe." Tbe spring show of plants, fruits, flowers, veget ables, &Cn; under the auspices of the Ballarat Horti cultural Society, was held in the Mechanics' Insti tute on the 18th inst. The show of roses and pot 1 plants was very fine. Mr John Casey, of this town, has been locally dis tinguishing himself as a horse-tamer, a la Rarey, and has been perfectly successful. Two large English white swans have been received by the Ballarat Acclimatisation Society from Captain Ayles, of the Dover Castle. The society gives in exchange a young emeu, one or two other Australian birds, and a kangaroo, as the best recom pense it can make to the captain for his valuable present. The swans, -which seemed to be in very good condition, were placed in the reserve soon after their arrivaL The Botanic Gardens Committee is busily engaged in embellishing the grounds, and furnishing them with various accommodations for tiie gratification of visitón daring the coming sommer. Among these axe a landing stage or jetty on the margin of Lake Wendouree, large arbors, a dancing rotunda, gymnastic apparatus, Ste. The I number of «ailing and rowing boats opon I Lake Wendouree ia daily increasing, and1 the taste for aquatic exercises commensurately enlarging. The Friday afternoon half-holiday ?tarted in the Government offices, banking houses, and awong the law firma, has now extended to the brokera* offices, and principal mercantile branches. lake Wendooree is the great resort on the weekly recurrence of the holiday, and the move ment is gaining ground in almost all branches of business. The large iron sailing vessel upon which Mr Moss, of Armstrong street, Ballarat, has been engaged for the last six months, is completed, and has been removed to Learmonth for competition at the local annual regatta. The vessel measure« 28 lt 3 in over au, is of 8 ft 6 in beam, and will accommodate com fortably thirty-five persons. Her admeasurement is seven tons. She is built mainly of stout galvanised iron, of which thirty-two sheets, each 6 ft by 2 ft, have been used; flat-bottomed, beautifully shaped in the bulge, and with a clean nu aft. She is ribbed with iron, and has aa iron keel. The decks, comb ings, and gunwale are of kauri pine. The centre* board, the ase of which is to prevent the vessel sailing to the leeward, is of cast iron, weighs 7 cwt, and works with a ratchet Tbe vessel bas a tubular iron mast (lighter than wood), 24 ft 6 in in length, and has a 20 ft hoist for the mainsail. Of sails there are toar, mainsail, foresail, iib. and flying gafftop safi. The rigging is of wire. The keel was made by Mr Kelly, of the Creswick road, and the centre board was cast in Melbourne; otherwise, the whole of the work bas been performed in Ballarat, at Mr Moss's own yard, by himself and assistants. The vessel is equally creditable to Mr Moss's skill aa a craftsman and to his enterprise, for be has built her ; on speculation, and looks forward to her gaining honors at the ensuing regatta at Lake Learmonth, j If not retained on those waters, she will be re launched oa Like Wendouree.-Small steamers will shortly ply with passengers on Lake Wendouree. Mr Miller, of the Burrumbeet Hotel, is building a screw Bteamer, SO feet in length, for plying on Lake Burrumbeet. The ked is already laid, and it is expected that the vessel will be completed ere the summer months are over. A regatta is also talked about, to take place on the lake next season. The new swimming bath attached to the Ballarat Turkish Bath Company's establishment is now rapidly approaching completion, the contractors being bound to finish their work by the 7th Decem ber. The size of the pool will be 108 feet long by 58 feet wide, the depth of water ranging from 2 feet 6 inches ap to 7 feet 6 inches. The bottom will be paved with bricks laid on edge. The surrounding stage will be occupied for half its total Width of 12 feet by the dressing-boxes, thus leaving a clear width of 6 feet for the divers in which to take a running jump into the cooling depths below. It is reported that an offer of £30 far tho rent of the bath for the first week has been made to the directors, together with £5 for the rent of the shop, and a guarantee of £150 for prizes in swimming matches, so that it is probable that a new and healthful amusement will become popular here shortly. The Moorabool State Company has now fairly launched its venture under the Btatute, and we have no doubt that the result will be the opening up of larger operations in the quarry, and the creation of a market for the valuable commodity discovered by the promoters. The capital is stated at £20,800, in 2080 shares of £10 each, the promoters offering to transfer the whole of the property as it stands, on condition of receiving 416 paid-up shares in the new company. Mr Theo. Williams, since his return to Wales, has written out to announce his intention of holding bis full interest in the Moorabool Company. As yet there have not been many applications for shares, but there can be no doubt that if the quality of the slate generally is as good as the samples ob tained would indicate to be probable, the venture is one that will prove highly remunerative. The Ballarat Gas Company is about to make some large additions to its plane, by means of which the gas making and gas storing capabilities of the company will be mach increased. Mr Jones, the company's engineer, has recently returned from Britain, n here he has been engaged in the selection and purchase of divers additions to the company's stock of material, including retorts, condensers, the iron work for a new gasholder and a new, retort house, with a heavy weight of other material needed io the improvements about to be made at the works. A new gasholder, considerably larger than the largest of the present ones, is to be made on the south side of tbe company's ground ; the measure ment of the new holder to be eighty feet by twenty five. With this additional storage room, and the increased retorting power, the company expects to be able to keep its supply of gas equal to the de mand for many years to come. The present retort and purifying sheds will be taken down and the materials re-erected by the southern fence of the grounds, to serve as coat and coke houses. On the site of the present retorting aud purifying houses a new large building of brick, 180 feet long by a depth of 66 feet, wiU be erected, so as to enclose the present besch of retorts and purifiers, as also a new condensing apparatus, and leave room also for a new bench of retorts at the back of the present one. All the ironwork required in the new works bas been supplied from the Dorie Foundry, Leven, Fifes hire, in Scotland, and the cost of the additions and altera tions now about to be made is estimated at about £10,000, including, of course, the cost of plant and material. The Camden Harbor Association has made a fair start, and proceeded from Port Phillip on board the Stag. These settlers carry with Chem horses, mares, merino rams, and ewes, agricultural implements; arms,ammunition, and fifteen mouths' provisions. Two other vessels, the Calliance and Helvetia, are to sail wjth more stores, weapons, and sheep. About 5000 of the latter will be carried to the almost un known shares of North-western Australia, and the expedition will consist of not more than 120 souls, including women and children. Another vessel will follow in about three months, carrying more stores. According to the programme as laid down, the whole party will have their several taus marked out and allotted in a few months, when the real pioneer work will begin. The list of settlers includes persons from all parts of Victoria, who have, in some in stances, made considerable sacrifices in order that they might try their luck in the new country. The population of Victoria is now computed at 596,529 persons, or, 343,525 males, and 253.004 females. The increase daring the quarter ending on the 30th September, 1864, was 8345 persons; or, 4504 males, and 3841 females. During the recent elections for the Parliamentary representatives of Ballarat, one lady, whose name was on the ratepayers' roll, went to the ballot, but that was the only practical exhibition of " woman's rights," in an electoral sesee, that came to our know ledge. At one of the polling booths ia the Castle maine district, however, something more emphatic was witnessed. A coach filled with ladies drove up, and the fair occupants alighted and recorded their votes, io a man, for a bachelor candidate-Mr Zeal. The war in New Zealand has not ceased to be a matter of local anxiety. The following brief tele graphic summary of the progress of events, reached us via New South Wales at the dates indicated: Newcastle, 30th October-The Hydra brings dates from Auckland to the I Ith October. William Thompson's peace mission had failed. The Gover nor is averse to the resumption of hostilities, pend ing the political crisis, and until a responsible Government has been formed, fearing to take upon Viimaflf the responsibility. He has been compelled to acknowledge his inability to form a Ministry which will command the confidence of Parliament, and has therefore summoned the Assembly to meet in November. The Governor had requested General Cameron to delay sending any of the troops south ward, in the belief that they will be more urgently required in the Waikato district. Jn consequence of the outrages committed by the runaway prisoners, it is now deemed advisable to effect their recapture. -Sydney, 3rd November. We have dates to the 18th October. Measures have been initiated to ensure the removal of the escaped rebels from the North. Unless they respond to the overtures made to them, decisive action was to be taken on the 20th. -Sydney, 7th November. The Prince Alfred brings dates from Auckland to the 1st November. On the 26th October, the Government issued s proclamation, offering a pardon to all the rebels, except murderers, on three conditions, viz:-First That they take the oath of allegiance before Decem ber. Second-That they cede such territory as the Governor and General Cameron may determine upon. Third-That they give up their arms and ammunition before appearing in any portion of thc ceded territory, or in any district inhabited bj Europeans.-Sydney, 19th November. The S tai of the South brings dates from Auckland to the 9 tl instant. The Government intends to purchase fron the natives one half of the Wahia' Peninsula foi £2000. The two hundred escaped prisoners sn .till at large. The Southern Croît says that 105 toni of potatoes have been sent to the Tauranga rebels ti enable them to plant for next season. There are ni warlike movements to report, pending the meetinf of the Assembly. On Wednesday, I6th November, were held through out the colony, the annual meetings of borongl councils, shire couacils, and road boards, and thei were elected for the ensuing year, mayors, presidents and chairmen respectively. Mr J. À. Doane, Mayo of Ballarat West, was re-elected. Councillor Georg Glendinning was elected Mayor of Ballarat East it the room of the retiring officer, Mr John Fassell Mr Peter Hedrick was re-elected Mayor of Bunin yong; Mr Tbos. Cooper re-elected Mayor of Cres wick; MrCT. Sutherland re-elected Mayor ofClunes Mr Nicholson has been elected President of tb Council of Ballaratshire viet Mr James Baird; M Samuel Lewers re-elected President of tbe Coane: of Grenvilleshire ; Mr John Simson re-electe President ol the Council of Kiponthire; Mr « Anderson elected President of Creswickshirc Mr W. H. Bacchus elected President of Bunk yongshire vice Hr Alexander Fisken ; M Thomas Corcoran, re-elected chairman of the boat of the Bongaree fioad District. An idea may 1 formed of the extent of the transactions of the Com i eil of Bailarais hire from the fact chat daring tl last financial year the sum of £19,873 9s 4d passe through the treasurer's hands, the whole of whic was expended with the exception of a balance < 1 £180 7s sd. The works executed by the Count daring tbe year were as follow:-9 mues 69J chains of forming and metalling, 18 miles 62 chains of drains, 39 chains of calverts and crossings, 1800 yards of excavations, and 2749 yards of extra metal.-Sebas topol bas now been proclaimed a separate borough, and the first election on 5th December will be ander the présidence of an old and rained resident, Dr Charles James Kenworthy, who is about to leave tbe district. Dr Kenwortby*e long and actively useful career at Sebastopol bas been so far appreciated by the residents there that bis approaching departure has led to his friends determining to present him with some token of their esteem. A committee has been formed for the porposeof organising a subscrip tion to a testimonial of some suitable kind, and al ready the responses obtained are- of a highly en- - couraging nature.-Mr William Collard Smith, from pressure of private business, has found it necessary to resign his connection with the council of the borough of Ballarat Weet. When lb Smith took office the municipality had only been established one year, and he has now borne municipal honors longer than any other member of the Council. Mr Smith has twiee been Chairman of the Council, and has been for thirty months a member of the Legislative Assembly.-Friday's Government Gazelle contains the proclamation ol his Excellency the Governor, con stituting the boroughs of Ballarat and Ballarat East a " onion," so far as concerns the administration of tbe Weights and Measures Statute, 1864."-A County Court will in future be held at Clones. At a special meeting of the committee of the Bal larat District Hospital, on Wednesday week, it was resolved that a petition to His Excellency the Go vernor in Council for the incorporation of the insti tution, should be prepared by a sub-committee, then and there appoint«!; the petition to be laid be fore a meeting of contributors for their approvaL The grounds of this institution and of the Benevolent Asylum have latterly been very mach improved, and seats and summerhouses made for the accom modation of the sick and convalescent. The organ lately imported from England for Christ Church, Ballarat, was played on for the first time, by Mr Austin T. Turner, on Sunday, 13th November, and musical services given by the choir, morning, afternoon and evening. Sermons were preached at each period of the day by the Bey. John Potter, incumbent of the church, and the Kev. George Goodman, incumbent of Christ Church, Geelong. Bach of these addresses contained pointed references to church music, and the duty of the con gregation to sustain the charges attending the in troduction of the fine instrument that day used for the first time in the service of the church. The col lections amounted to about JE30. On the succeed ing two evenings grand sacred concerts were given, when the following vocalists appeared :-Miss Octavia Hamilton; Mesdames Turner, Kay, end Bunce; Messrs Oliver, Cazaly, and Lake; assisted by the leading members of the musical societies of Ballarat, numbering fifty voices. The music per formed included large selections from the works of Handel, Haydn, Mozart, Mendelsshon, Rossini, Cherubini, and Clarke, with compositions by Mr A. T. Turner, the organist, and Mr G. O. Rutter, who undertook to officiate as director of the festival per formances. The organ has been built by Gray and Davidson, of London and Liverpool, and is in every way worthy the reputation ot that eminent firm. Its general quality is characterised by richness rather than power, though in this latter qualification it amply meets the require ments of the edifice. The concerts were successful in every respect.-The contractors for the erection of the new St. Paul's Anglican Church, Ballarat, have got well on with the foun dations, and the greater part of the old church has been pulled down, and tile materials duly stacked for working up in the new building. The old school-house in Humffray street, which for years had served the purposes of a church and school, has been entirely cleared away to make room for the new church. A rather handsome new school house has been erected on the reserve, at the eastern end of the late church, and the contractors, Messrs Gibson and Stubbs, are to have the place finished by the 4th December, at which time the congrega tion of St. Paul's will have to vacate the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, and will assemble in the new school-house.-The roofing-in of the English Church of St. John, Soldiers'Hill, Ballarat, has been pro ceeded with, and most of the timbers of the roof are now in position.-The foundation stone of St. Peter's Anglican Church, ? Sturt street, Ballarat, was laid on Wednesday, 16th November, by Mr B. S. Hassell. This ceremony had been delayed as long as possible in the hope that the Bishop of Melbourne would perform it, but the progress which the contractor was making, rendered any further delay ^inadvisable. There was rather a large num ber of persons present, including the Rev. Messrs Adeney, Potter, Cummins, and Allanby. The fol lowing is a transcript of a document on vellum enclosed {with copies of the local papers of the day, and specimens of the coins of the realm} in a sealed bottle for deposit beneath the foundation stone :_ In the name of the Father, the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, Amen. The foundation stone ot the Church of Saint Pe«er, Ballarat West, in the dio cese of Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, is laid by Benden Sharvell Hassell, Esquire, justice of the peace, on this sixteenth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, being the nineteenth year of the consecra tion of tho Right Keverend Father in God, Charles, by Divine Providence, first Lord Bishop of Melbourne, and the twenty-eighth year of the reign of our sovereign lady Queen Victoria ; Sir C. H. Darling, K.C.B., Cap tain-General and Gorernor-in-Chief of the colony of Victoria. The Reverend Henry William Dowels Adeney, priest, incumbent of St. Peter's parish. Trus tees-Somerville Learmonth, W. P. Whitcombe, Robert Wynne, J. B. M'Quie. Church Building Committee Horace Walker, J. S. Carver, John M. Fisher, Robert Williams, Thomas Gibson, John E. Hodgson, \V. Linde say Richardson. Architect- Charles Davenportfc Cuth bert. Clerk of the Works-John Hunter. A public tea meeting took place in the Common Schoolhouse, Smythesdale, on the 4th November, on behalf of the building fund of the Church of England at that place. The meeting was addressed by Mr M'Donagh, Mayor of Browns and Scarsdale; Mr Floyd, of St Stephen's Church, Ballarat; Mr C. Thom, Mr R. H. Lock, J.P., Mr Parker, the Rev Mr Walker, and Mr Townsend M'Dermott.-Annual public meetings have been held tn the Lydiard street and Barkly street Wesleyan Churches, Ballarat, in connection with the Australasian Wesleyan Metho dist Missionary Society. The collection made on each occasion was considerable in amount. -Ou Saturday, the I2th instant, a soiree was held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Neil street, Bal larat. The chapel was well filled during the evening. Mr G. Smith took the chair. The annual report was read and adopted ; after which -several clergymen delivered addresses.-The soiree at St. John's Pres byterian Church, on Tuesday evening, 15th Novem ber, was largely attended, and the proceedings throughout were of the most interesting character. Mr Jones, M L.A, was present, and addressed the meeting.-Tenders have been called for the erection of a place of worship for the Welsh Presbyterian body at Sebastopol.-The Rev. M. W. Bradney, of Ballarat has received a cordial and unanimous call to the pastorate of the Congregational Church, Beech worth, and will shortly leave this district.-A general court of the Congregational Union and Mis sion of Victoria, sat on Tuesday. morning, 15th November, and adjourned to Wednesday. In the evening a missionary meeting waa held in Dawson street Church, Ballarat, the Rev. Mr Day in the chair. Resolutions in favor of greater interest and liberality being exercised, and pledging the meeting thereto, as also commending the college of this denomination to other churches, were adopted.-The Disciples of Christ have purchased, as a site for a chapel, a quarter-acre block in Dawson street, Bal larat. It is not intended to build a chapel at present. The annual celebrations in aid of the funds of the Ballarat Mechanics' Institute were held throughout the second week of tbe present montb. On Monday, 7th instant, there was a charming concert in the hall of the institute by tbe ladies and gentlemen of the Vocal Union. The next night was occupied by a vocal concert given by the class conducted by Mr J. A. Doane, Mayor of Ballarat West. On the third day there was a concert by the Sebastopol Welsh Choir, conducted by Mr David Lloyd. Nest there was the annual soiree, at which spoke Mr J. P. Fawkner, ML.C, Mr G. F. Verdon, (Colonial Treasurer), Mr Ellery (Government Astronomer ),and the Rev. John Potter, B.A. On tbe Friday there was a ball, and on Saturday a promenade concert.-The Debating Club in connection with the institute is very successful. After several weeks debate on the ques tion Protection v Free Trade, a large majority de cided in favor of the latter. The next question is to be " Is direct or indirect taxation the better mode of raising tbe revenue of a country? " Mr W. H. Batten, the secretary of the institute, has received a very handsome gift from the trustees of the Mel bourne Public Library, in recognition of the services rendered by him to that institution, in the discovery of several books stolen from the library, and offered for sale in Ballarat. The gift is " Smith's Historical and Literary Cariosities," a valuable and interesting work, and- is accompanied by a letter from Sir Bedmond Barry, expressing in fitting phrase the trustees' appreciation of the service done iu the dis covery of tbe theft and the arrest of the thief.-A few nightB ago, the Rev Isaac New, of Melbourne, delivered in this institution bis eloquent lecture "The Battle of the Bible." The proceeds of the lecture will be expended on various improvements in the Congregational Church, Dawson street. At a meeting on Monday, 24th October, the Bal larat Total Abstinence Society dissolved itself, for the purpose of uniting with the Ballarat District Temperance League.-The formal opening of the Theatre Royal, Sturt street, as the hall of the Bal larat District Temperance League, took place on Thursday, the 17th November, when a procession of all the temperance bands and orders was made with flags, music, and " insignia,*' from the old hall in Humffray street along Main, Bridge, and Sturt streets, to the new hall. A tea was spread on the stage, and a large number sat down to the feast, after which addresses were delivered, and music was sung at frequent intervals, the President of the League, Mr J. W. Gray, being in the chair. Among the speakers were Messrs Vole, Longmore, and Jones, members of the Legislative Assembly. On the ensuing day, there was a Band of Hope demonstra tion by fire or six hundred children. A meeting of the Orion Lodge of Freemasons was j held at the Mechanics' Institute, Sebastopol," on Tb nra day evening, 17th November, when Brother C. Dyte was installed as G.M., Brother Tatham as {Secretary, and Brother Thomas Lewis as Treasurer. Brethren Ahrens, Solomon, and Joseph, from lodges in Ballarat, assisted at the installation of the G.M. The firth anniversary of the Prince of Wales Lodge, LO O.F.M.U., Creswick, was celebrated on Monday, 24th October. The Brethren left the Lodge-room about two o'clock and proceeded to the Wesleyan Church, where s most eloquent and impressive ser mon was preached by the Rev. Mr Williams, the test being the 1st verse of the 133rd Psalm. A banquet was held at eight o'clock p.m., at which forty-four members eat down exclusive of visitors. Amongst the visitors present were P.G.M. Brother Lovell, D.P.G.M. Brother Martin, and CS, Brother Webster.-On Friday last; the third anniversary of the M.U.I.O.O.F. Loyal Good Samaritan Lodge, 4942, Carngham, was celebrated by a fete champêtre in Mr Roddis' paddock. There were between five and six hundred persons on the ground at different times daring the day. The sports consisted of cricket, archery, footracing, and a variety of other sports usual on such occasions.-On Thurs day, 27th October, the first anniversary supper and ball in connection with the Loyal Albert Lodge LO.O.F.M.U., was held at Mount Bolton, and attended by forty-five ladies and gentlemen. Among those invited were the officers of the Learmonth, Smythesdale, and Hand of Friendship Lodge, Bal larat. The chair was occupied .hy P.G. Smith, supported by Y.G. Newman, Hand of Friendship Lodge, Ballarat.-The anniversary of thè Cosmo politan Lodge, U.I.O.O.F., was held at Lucky Womans on Friday evening, 21st October. Not withstanding a dark wet night, one ' hundred and thirty members of the order and their friends (including about fifty ladies) assembled on tbe occasion.-?- A branch lodge of the Ancient and Inde pendent Order of Foresters has been opened at Napoleon Lead.-An Archery Club has been initiated in Creswick by several leading members of Court Liberty, A.O.F., and seems, from the number of persons who have already joined, to be very likely to succeed.-Extensive preparations are being made for the proposed fete champêtre at the Ballarat Botanical Gardens, on Monday, 26th December, in aid of the funds for the Ballarat District Orphan. Asylum. A strong committee, formed of the chief officers of the varions lodges and other gentlemen, has been engaged for some time in organising the sports, which are to be of the most varied character, some perfectly novel, and to include a thorough reproduction of an English fair; Richardson's Show, Punch and Judy, tight-rope dancing, swiogs, round abouts, bowls, quoits, racing, &c;, Great prepara tions are to be made for wrestling, dancing, fencing, and boating. There is to be a balloon ascent, a cheap but substantial dinner, an archery tourna ment, possibly some Chinese gymnastics, and a dog show; the whole to wind up with fireworks. The third meeting of the Rifle Association took place on the 9th of November, at the Butte, near the I Ballarat Public Park. The first match was open to all comers, and was at distances of200 and 300 yards, the competitors standing during the firing. Ia this match, Messrs George Armstrong and Ö. Vannini carried off the first «nd second prizes respectively. The second match, which was the principal event of the day, was at the distances of 200, 500, and 600 yards-the competitors, who were eighteen in number, firing in the Hythe position. Mr William Mumby carried off the first prize at 200 yards, and Ur Greenfield the first prizes for the two remaining distances. The third and last match of the day was contested io any position, the distances being 700 and 800 yards. At the former range, Mr Mumby carried off the first prize; and at the latter range the prize was won by Mr Greenfield. For the highest total scoring in the second and third matches, Mr Greenfield also took the first prize-a rifle telescope value £2 2s, and Mr Mumby the second prize of £1. On the two preceding days were held at Creswick the first rifle shooting matches of the 2nd Company Ballarat Volunteer Rangers, Creswick. The first and second prizes in the first match (200, 400, and 600 yuds, seven rounds at each distance), amounting to £3 17s 6d, were taken by Sergeant Martyr and Private Armstrong. The second match was at 700, 800, and 900 yards-seven rounds each, as before. The first prize, of £2 6s 8d, was taken by Sergeant Keatch; and the second, of SI Si 4d, by Sergeant Reis. The third, or Consolation Match, for those who had not taken any prize, was competed for by four members of the corps. Private Parsloe won the first prize, £1 2s 6d; Corporal Patching the second, viz .,7s 6d. Tbe opening cricket match of the season came off on Friday, 18th instant, on the Ballarat recreation reserve between thetwo first elevens of the Ballarat and Corio (Geelong) Cricket Clubs, and resulted in favor of the former by a large number of runs. On Taesday, 8th instant, a cumber of members of the Ballarat Cricket Club presented a testimonial to their captain (Mr D, Sweeney) on the eve of his quitting the district. Mr E. J. Lewis, vice-president of the club, presented the testimonial (a handsome gold chain) and an address. The latter bore the following signatures :-W. H. Foster, president; E. J. Lewis, vice president; E. Ainley, treasurer; M. O'Farrell, jun., secretary; T. J. Murray, T. F. Morrea, S. Goujon, W. Oldham, and J. White, com mittee of management; W. Bignell, F. S. Clarke, C. Scales, J. B. Braithwaite, J. Hurst, W. Boyd, S. Kington, J. Opie, and A. Bagsbaw. Mr Sweeney, in reply, stated that for some time past he had deemed himself the father of the game of cricket in this district, but he trusted that he would be with them again in six months.-On 3lst October was held a meeting of the members of the Criterion Cricket Club. The following gentlemen were elected officers for the season:-Mr G. F. Lovitt, president; Mr William Lovell, vice-president; Mr EL G. Ben nett, treasurer; Mr K. W. K. M'Kay, secretary; committee, Messrs Ford, Coxon, and Rose. The following members were elected:-Messrs Joseph Kipp, John Williams, James Kirk, Thomas Hinch" cliff, and J. Crane. 