THE NEWS BY THE NORTHAM." OUR files of English papers are complete to the 3rd December, and we make copious extracts from them, according to our usual custom, in order to put our renders, at as early a date as possible, in full possession of the incidents of the month. 4 GENERAL SUMMARY. Our budget of intelligence contains scarcely a single event of higher interest than a prize fight, or a barbarous murder, of which latter sensational class of incidents, we are sorry to say there are several examples. Love and drink appear to be the chief inspirations of the brutal deeds that are done in this way amongst the English, and a glance at our columns will show that they still hold their influence over our gloomy population. The finding of the Court-martial in the case of Colonel Crawley will not surprise our readers. It will be seen that the acquittal is complete and conclusive. No man ever came out of a court-martial with a more triumphant testimony to character. Yet, nevertheless, this is a verdict which, however just it may be, and we do not dispute its jue tree, will not entirely appease the public feeling. That no question was permitted to be raised on the legality of the arrest had the effect of shielding Colonel Of Lawley from any consequences to which he might have been liable, assuming the arrest to have been illegal, as alleged in the reply, is doubtless. We willingly acquiesce in the verdict, and are glad to get rid of the scandal. But it would be idle to attempt to conceal that the public mind is not quite contented, and that such points as we have indicated ought to be cleared up, so as to leave nothing in obscurity. In our domestic politics there aresomesmsll events that give temporary occupation to idlers, and produce considerable discussion while they are before the public. One of these is a quarrel between Mr. Cobden and the Times. It is the time, when members of Parliament address country audiences for the sake of airing their oratory, and on one of these occasions Mr. Bright delivered a stunning speech at Roch- dale, bearing, amongst other things, upon the comparative condition of the rich and poor in this country. The Times declared that Mr. Bright advocated a course of legislation which should have the effect of dividing the lands of the rich amongst the poor; and Mr. Cobden, losing his temper, denounced the Times as a literary assassin, and fell foul of the system of anonymous journalism by which men were protected in saying things which they would not dare to say in their own names. All this was, of course, quite beside the real question at issue, which Mr. Cobden never touched at all but it led to a much more interesting collision. The editor of the 'Innes declined to insert Mr. Cobden's letter, because it abounded in unwarrantable personal abuse; and then Mr. Cobden addressed Mr. Delane, the editor of the Times, by name, retter rating in a highly truculent fashion his charges against the baseness and corruption of the anonymous system. To this ill-conditioned letter Mr. Delane sent a calm and dignified reply, which has terminated the controversy to the total discomfiture of the original assailant. Whether Mr. Cobden is right or wrong about anonymous journalism, he is one of the last men who is entitled to condemn it. The Morn- ing Star was launched and is supported, by Mr. Cobden and Mr. Bright, or their friends, or their party. Indeed it is commonly called Mr. Bright's paper. It is currently so called in places where such matters are familiarly de- bated, and supposed to be well known. Be that as it may, the Morning Star is undoubtedly the organ of Messrs. Cobden and Bright, and fights their battles, and defends their opinions with uncompromising fidelity. It cannot fail, therefore, to strike a reflecting nation as a singular circumstance that Mr. Cobden does not set the example of publishing the names of writers in a journal which is so entirely at his service, and that while he howls at the Times for writing under a mask, he should patronise a rival that writes under a denser mask-denser because its writers are more obscure. The appointment of Serjeant Shee to the judgeship rendered vacant by the recent death of Judge Wightman has given universal satisfaction. It was a conquest of prejudice due to the legal eminence and religious moderation of a distinguished Roman Catholic barrister, and everybody recognises its fitness. We regret we cannot say so much for the appointment of Dr. Stanley as the successor of Dean Trench in Westminster. Dr. Wordsworth, one of the canons who will be associated with the future Dean, has published an elaborate protest against the appointment on the ground that some of the published opinions of Dr. Stanley on certain vexed religious questions are calculated to introduce discord and heartburning into the Church. Dr. Wordsworth is perfectly sincere, and has taken this step in obedience to a strong sense of duty. But if it have any effect at all it will be to precipitate the evil it deprecates and deplores. Dr. Stanley is a man of high erudition ; his learning places him in advance of most of his contemporaries; and if there be questions upon which differences exist between him and them, they are not of a character to shake the foundations of the Establishment, or to endanger the harmony of its administration. The Emperor of the French is intent upon the pacification of the globe, and is adopting measures for the purpose which cannot fail to bring about fresh disturbances. The now state of things he is unconsciously urging into shape is a league of small States, whose function it will be to deliberate upon the map of the large States. It is as if the oysters and the mussels and the shrimps were to enter into a combination for parcels ling out the dominions of the whales and the sharks, and limiting the waters in which the v. should be at liberty to swim and devour their prey. The design may be entitled to the highest commendation on the score of good intentions ; but in political life good intentions that are impracticable are usually found to be mischievous and this benevolent project certainly does not promise to be an exception. A European _ Congress without England, Prussia. Russia, and Austria, would very much resemble Hamlet, with, not only the Sauce dropped out, but the Ghost, the Queen, and Ophelia, and nobody left on the stage but the auxiliaries and the walking gentlemen. Yet this is the expert ment the Emperor is intent upon trying. M. Drouyn de Lhuys has addressed a circular to the foreign agents of the French government suggesting a programme for bringing together such of the Powers as unreservedly assented to the original proposal. This meeting is confessedly a gathering of minor potentates. Even M. Drouyn de Lhuys does not attach to it the weight, or importance, of a European '"Congress, but thinks that it may be useful in an inferior degree. How, he does not attempt to show ; nor would it be easy to discover in what way the decisions, or recommendations, of such an assembly could exercise the slightest influence upon the conduct of the great powers. That they may open up new discords is highly probable. The most insignificant person possesses more means of inflicting, injury, than the most powerful person can command the means of doing good. See what it is that tempts Spain into the council of Sovereigns-' the hope of getting back Gibraltar, which she is understood to be ready to demand. G Reece may go in from vanity or even more politic motives; but whatever may bring her there, she will inevitably have something to say about Corfu. These are small things no doubt, but they are calculated to ruffle the surface, and to produce discussions that it would be more prudent to avoid If this petty Congress cannot be productive of any actual results, common sense points out the wisdom of suffering it to die a natural death. Moderation and justice are not always sure of a successful hearing in popular assemblies. This fact has been signally illustrated at the recent meetings of the Prussian and Austrian Assemblies when the question of Schleswig and Holstein was brought forward. To say that we live in stirring times very inadequately expresses the strange turmoil around us, which would be much better described by saying that we live in an age of inexplicable events. A little while ago we had the Prussian Chamber espousing the cause of reason and good faith, and the ministry opposing them ; now we have the two bodies changing sides, and advocating exactly the contrary principles. It is the minister this time who defends the interests of truth and equity, and who exhibits a spirit of moderation that contrasts strongly with the violence of the Assembly. The first step of the Chamber was to carry a vote against the I Cabinet, the object of which was, in undisguised terms, to- deny that the King of Denmark possessed any soverign rights _ in either Schleswig or Holstein, amounting in effect to a deliberate declaration of the independence of both Duchies, notwithstanding that their cases are essentially different, and that, whatever justification may exist for asserting the Germanic traditions of Holstein, none can be found for refusing to acknowledge that Schleswig is Danish in grain and by all its historical antecedents. The Prussian minister, much to his credit, took up wholly different ground. He distinctly admitted that Prussia was bound by the treaty of 1852, and that so long; as Denmark fulfilled her engagement, Prussia could not disturb the existing arrangement But he was of opinion that Denmark had not kept her engagements, and that, therefore, Federal execution ought to follow. Count Eeohberg, in the Vienna Chamber, took the same view. Austria, like Prussia, was bound to respect the treaty; so, too, was Denmark; and if Denmark failed in her duties, Federal execution was the obvious remedy. As to the Augustenburg claim, neither minister gave it the slightest countenance, and Court Kechberg went so far as to leave it to be inferred that he utterly condemned the notion of embroiling Germany in a war for the elevation of a Prince whose pretensions were, at least, extremely questionable. The course taken by Denmark, under circumstances which might have justified a declaration of war, bears out the anticipations we have all along ventured to express, that the question of the Duchies might ultimately be settled by arbitration. instead of resisting the approach of the Federal troops, Denmark has quietly retired before them, and thus put the Federal Diet in the wrong, or, are all events, upon its defence before Europe. Had a single shot been fired, the consequences must have spread far beyond the local bounds to which the quarrel is now narrowed; and Denmark, judiciously following the advice of her allies, has secured their aid through all future stages of the complication. The matter is no longer between Denmark and Ger- many alone. It is felt that there has been a moral interposition which must be heard out; and unless the fanaticism of German nationality be blind and deaf, there is no ground for despairing of a peaceful termination. The situation issue doubt, surrounded by difficulties. From America we have two Presidential messages, which, dealing alike with the past and the future, might be expected to afford a glimpse into the mysteries of the conflict ; but they really yield no information which we were not in possession of before A Liverpool paper had just apprised us, on " authority," that Earl Russell was in receipt of a despatch from Lord Lyons to the effect that the war must be brought to conclusion within three months, the Confederates being so utterly reduced that they would shortly be obliged to sue for an armistice, or, in other words to throw down their aims. Neither of the messages confirms this startling piece of intelligence. On the contrary, it is quite clear that neither Mr. Lincoln nor Mr. Davis contemplates any termination of the sanguinary contest short of extermination on one side or the other. Mr. Lincoln congratulates the country on its friendly relations with England and France, announces his determination to adhere to his Emancipation Proclamation, and speaks much in the usual way as to the ultimate prospects of the war. President Davis complains bitterly of the help which England and France, particularly the former have given to the North under the disguise of neutrality, alludes with pride, heavily dashed with despondency, to the courage and patience of the people, and again calls upon them for additional means to carry on the struggle. There is not a syllable in either of these addresses to warrant the sup- position that an armistice is in contemplation, or that we are a whit nearer to a conclusion than we were two years ago. Winter alone suspends the fighting The Federals have said to be going into winter quarters at Chat- Yarooga; Longstreet bas retired from before Knoxville, and is supposed to be on his way to join Lee in Virginia, and the two armies are motionless on the Rapidan. Charleston is justifying the character of impregnability ascribed to it by President Davis. The Federals have brought all their skill to bear upon it without effect. Shots drop into the city, but do no mischief. It is exactly as if the place bore a charmed life. Even the ruins of Fort Sumter cannot be taken. The whole siege very much resembles the exploit of the Frenchman, who rode his men somewhat ostentatiously up a hill, and then rode them down again. The vitality of the Polish insurrection is quite as remarkable as the inextinguishable ardour with which the American war I'B maintained by both belligerents. The main force of the Russian army, the best generals in the service, and a system of terror worthy of the most barbarous ages of Muscovite rule, have totally failed to subdue the spirit of the Poles, or even, apparently, to diminish very materially their forces the field The National Government has just issued a proclamation in which it declares that the insurrection is as vigorous as ever, that all adverse reports are false, and that it will continue to be maintained with increased energy. The fact is, the Poles. like the English at Waterloo; don't know when they are beaten, and, in spite of their oppression and their friendlessncss, they are daily winning fresh victories. The worst of it is that nothing can come of their triumphs. Russia can afford to lose every fight until she shall have exhausted her opponent, and then Poland must fall from sheer failure of means. The cause is hopeless. Europe will do nothing; and the world is doomed to look on at the destruction of a gallant people, without being able to interfere. In this case, as in a multitude of others, conventional considerations supersede the demands of humanity. The Pope, if he cannot govern the old Pontifical legions which have been absorbed into the kingdom of Italy! is resolved at least to interfere with their government. He has. lately, nominated an archbishop, and no less than four bishops in those districts which formerly belonged to Home, and now belong to Italy, not only without the assent of the King, but against his wishes. We shall be curious to learn how this trespass will ultimately end. When the bishops come to claim their sees what will the people do ? When the people repudiate the bishops, what will the bishops do? When the Pope excommunicated the noes, what will the bees do ? And when the King issues a proclamation denying the jurisdiction of the Pope, what will the Pope do ? 