\- ïlie News by t|c Mil. j! ». t .HOMB-TALKj_.... * (From tba Home Neut.) " Tho'Tesiple, May 26. '. *.' OUB ta^k in London, for thè hut week or fort \- night,.hag, of coarse, been quadrupedal, BS will c easily be imagined by any one who happens to recollect that yesterday was the Derby Day. ,. I may almost say that the clubs became à ; nuisance at the time of the great British festival, I for the talk gets so terribly "horsey." Evon the quiet mon, and those who- know nothing ¡-7 more about a race than that it ia a feat per t formed by a certain number of veli-bred horses ; in the presence of an uncertain number of men, u who for the most part are ill-bred, chare the 1 excitement, just as Diogenes rolled his tub -tinder_the influence of the general agitation. ,\Moreover, these quietists aro usually moved to . put their names down for the sweepstakes, and , though they do not care what horse wins ' (supposing their own draw has no chance, as ' usually " happens), they have strong hopes and '" 'fears as to what man on thc dub list may obtain ». the priz3. . It is aggravating to see tho two br -c three hundred pounds go to some very rich fel- low, who.dooen'c want the money at all, or to r-;aome hungry, unpopular,-snarling man who . - wants it very much indeed, and in the absence ; of extreme cases, it is matter of growl when the ¡ ? luck; goes , to somebody, who scarcely eTcr cornea, i near the club, and whose name is unknown to tho majority of members. To one of these three , cla-seB, the winning horsé is generally thrown, , and then.men declare:they will nov; r put in cgsin, and they never do until the following Moy. , . Ail-oar discussions and apprehensions are ol ; course now over, Mr.W. 1'Anson's horse named Blair Athol, having yesterday won the Derby for ?> 1804. Circumstances over which I had ns con. ,. .troI, and my. respected medical attendant bad not much prevented my attending the race, but, > .having read the Derby literature for the last .quarter of a century, I conscientiously allege, io . any form prescribed by any Act of Parliament for the abolishing needless affidavits, and sub- stituting.declarations in lieu thereof, that T< do i not believe that a single atom of new descriptive . matter in regard to the race br ( ita. incidents can be supplied by the mo3t imaginative reporter ,...that.... can be Bent to Epsom. A Frenohnhan. »night ào. it, or a Japanese Ambassador, or an American,1 but I am, unhappily, neither of the three.' We were talking of Garibaldi when I last ? wrote, but that subjèqt^ is now forgotten "of: i , sCpurBe. The , persona who werè. disappointed that the upper, classes took * tho great Italian \- into their care,-did their utmost to get upa ; disturbance about lits going' away without visiting the provinces,'but. no sensation : could be created. A meeting on Primrose-hill, with ':' . wlîioh;they supplemented the planting of the: ßhakesneare oafy lyûjf, «JJ J mentioned, dispersed ly lue pólice, but -Government very ~Beuä»£!".' allowed another 1 to be holden, and it 'went off ' in smoke. A deputation went Jo- scold M^, Gladstone for. bis patt in1 (he ' alaipissal of Garibaldi, but his exquisite . -."courtesy and elaborate precision of explanation, , - . "with a saroasm so well veiled that it could not bo made matter of offence, were too much for . the accuser*; and they retired grumbling ,out a , eortof satisfaotioD. at which Mr. Gladstone de- clared himself delighted beyond' measure. Garibaldi was taken away in the Duke of Sutherland's yacht, and a mayor anl aldermen of 'the place, when he' departed were broken . hearted, for they had i prepared the usual on- slaught, .but were told , that the wind was too good to be lost for : the eake of their: ," .platitwrlfiH. Ha ia now safe in Oaprera. Cardinal Wileman has emitted a pastoral,'in ?which he alludes to Garibaldi's expressed admi- ration for the French Revolution, and its adora- tion, of the Goddess of Reason (an : unlucky lapsus penna, certainly), and asks what must " the Ghuroh of England be when many: nf its ' 'dignified clergy were seen shaking hands with a. ' man who had avowed such' sentiments, j The Cardinalisa very smart person-too smart, I ;foDcy, tobe made Pope in place of his présent . . Holiness, whose successor it is said that it has leen necessary to select, ? ~~ ' ' Tho, Queen is the Highlands. I; have neither intention nor desire to say moro upon a disagreeable subject than is necessary, but hav- ing undertaken to report " what 1B said," I can hardly avoid a reference to the" matter. There . is no doubt'that the views and wishes of her Majesty, in reference to the' Dario-German war, are those which might be expected from the . daughter, widow, and mother-in-law of German royalty. These views andLwishes are not those of the heir apparent, the husband of a Danish \- princess, nor are they those of tho majority of the people. But that is all that ought to be said ' upon the subject. Englishmen have, their own feelings, but are perfectly able to make allow- ances for tho feelings bf others, and especially .. for those of a Sovereign, who, from the moment of ber accession has deserved and obtained bur ; hest affections. Were the Queen to come among the people to-morrow, her reception would be -one of the moat unbounded loyalty, not with «landing that most pf us, wish that should . . hostilities succeed the expiry of the armistice, the Prussian army moy receive a defeat,' and 4 the. Austrian ships bo again worsted. Wo do not parade our loyalty, except upon rarojopca ' rsioñs¡ but" we keep' it,"and do not allow acci- dent's to interfere with it. That the Prince of Wales should be all on tho Bide of his princess's, family .is as natural/ and more gratifying^ By tho way, his Royal Highness has inaugurated his public career hy taking the: .chair at the banquet of the Litorary Fund, and '.' 1 by dolf veting a very ireBh and pleasant speech evidently of his own .composing, in which he paid a gracofuVtribute to tho late Mr. Thackeray ? ? - (of whose works he is understood to bo a sincere admirer), and. in which, iu a ; touchingly frank .T manner, he regro'.ted that nil his own lather's f . sjfioccheB had not been.fully reported. : # , ' The London season is well on, and one is re ' " " lnïnd^~ôf*Sir G. Cornewâll : Lewis's speech;' .worthy of Rochefoucauld that «'lifo would be very tolerable, but for itSf pleosurbs." Every body is everywhere. But either there is BO" . much.tnlk that there is no time for conversation, or there is an absence of salient topics, for-I . ? ' Lave seldom hnown ä Moy in which there has' ..been Jess ..to disouss. We havo liad sohiV . tremendously hot weather, which carno nil .of'«! sudden, and the glasH in.tho ¿up was at 110 degrees, and for about a week thia created a real jBonaalion ; but Borne fierce thunderstorms have cleared the atmosphere, and ne are now almost cold again. I do not know whether tho habit of talking meteorology, when friends meo*, has gone out to Australia with other accomplish, ment?, but if so you can understand tho advan- tage of theeo changes to our conversationists. JYYhat clso do people talk about? Let mo v sse, JÎWeJi»'I dined ont . two, or threeways ¡ago . (jr. I migbt^îhave; been able, to,.go to tba Derby), and *1 bad the ftdvsptagéíbf Bitting oosç toa.very charming married lady, jvbp knew everything, at least, and told me most* oí "it".' She said, among" a'thousand and one other things, that it was all very well to talk (and it is, iE you can. talk as she did) but that Lord Palmerston was by no means so strong, BB I it was the thing to s»y, that though he occa- sionally bad capital fits and starts of Parliamen I tory energy, he was very often by no means up to bis work, and that he ought te take care of himself. At the same'lime, she said, laughing, that though Bhe would not say whether Bbe was, or wasn't,- a bit of a believer io the super- natural, she did not think that the phosphoric ¡ appearances which hâve been BO much talked about, as having been seen in the sheet of water at bis place. Brocket-ball had any sig- nificance.' But he would have to give np hard work, and let ns have'a new Premier very soon." Ahl But who is.".fó bè the new rnan? Well, gentlemen must settle that, poor women knew nothing, but did I think that Mr. Gladstone had gone out of bis way for nothing ? (This referred to a speech which Mr. Gladstone has astonished the world with, one in which he declared that the time had come for extending the suffrage to the working classes, and ' in which he gave his support to a bill for reducing, borough voters from £10 to £0.) Well, Mr. Gladstone was a .very clever and a very ambitious-', man and if he saw that the Tories, who have won a great many elections'and think they can oust the Cabinet, would' make their rush, he intended to hoist the Radical flag, and'have a Ministry of his" own.' : . Here, and leaving yon to imagine thtf at this moment tho 'whitebait interrupted "us,. I may mention that I put this suggestion of my ac- complished friend's toa mau who supposes him- self to bo in the enjoyment of full Ministerial confidence, and I am bound to'say that he does pickup some early facts.: He .asserted that the Gluncéllor of the'Exchequer had no such selfish ideas, and that he was "feeling the ice" for his . colleagues, who would not be indisposed,to play a reform trump, if ¡their opponent's band proved very strong. Anyhow, Mr. Gladstone's speech' has ciiused a great agitation, 'and the ultra's have hold meetings,' and proclaimed him as their own,'.' Oxford is very' wrathful; end advises him to' try Finsbury at ' the next 'election,",' BB1 Isis blushes behind her veil'for her once favourite son. But leaving that lady, let me return to mine, who further informed me ; That both the operas are very dull this year, and that the directors ought to bo mada to bring out something new, instead of perpetually giving music of'which every, school girl knows every . no'.e.: That Herr; Wacntei; with' hil one'fire-', work note, is a more imposition, and' can't sing, at alf. That -Mario is, of course, delightful, when-he can do his ! work, " but ,he is always breaking down, and takes no care of. himself. That ; certainly; he has learned Faust, but bow. has he learned it, and you cannot say"< that be has mastered the porf, and how should he ? He hagUie music, ai home, and now and then he looks at it, smoking bis dreadful cigars, and (ben his singing-master comes, and makes bim know some of it, more or less as the casó may be, and oftener less than more, and then he comes out, and if he happens to bo in tolerable voice that night thingB go prctty well.. Bat no mu no« Know tbe part antil he has snuglt' through/ttfû flea« sonc, and then, ii he has a voice, it will j be charming, but meantime the world goos round.' As for Patti, she is very clever, ho "doubt, and her popularity is extraordinary, but so was that of Piccolomini, who need to,come up toa note, and tf she did not like if, would /jump over it, like a horse over :.a five barrod gate. But she was not a great artist, and her' voice had peen worked much too hard,' , Who elso was there to talk about i Abd as if things were not 'dall enough, we were to have " Fidelio." : (Lovely muBic, I humbly interpolated.) Why, it , was Beethoven, and it was not the.thiug to be ¡pro- fano, bat wasn't ¡it dull ?. And at Coyent-garden there was nothing but ringing the changes. on the " Prophet," »«Robert," and the "Hugue- nots." ; :- ; ? ?> ) | ; , . Here I would haye an innings, and spoke of the death of Meyerbeer, the grandest composer of the day. Very well, no doubt, but wo have had enough bf ' the old'works. Where was his " Africaine," which has been promieed for the last ten years Î "Why. was it not brought out at once, and not at the tag end of the season, when everybody WBB out of town? Of'course, one must go to the opera, but neveï-were subscribers so. ill-treated, and next year nobody would'sub- scribe at all. Here óarrie some trout, with iced sauce, and we dropped, the . musicians. But I had much more to be told, and, infer alia. ; .', That it was quite right bf Lbrd iJe Grey.-to make an . example bf the War- ofBce clerks' who played, chicken-hazard in, office houre. It waa very hard, of course, upon men who' had .risen to the head pf their department, and were unfit for other employment, that they should bo turned .out,, .and.. löse. .the. benefit of the fund. But a' .severe ..example was .wanted, for ¡there were hundreds of young men,, of tolerable prin- ciples, but not very strong minds, .who: thought it was fine ' tp * imitate their superiors,¡and who might take to gamble, and bring , themselves and, theirfamilies' to ruin». Something might be done, by and* by,- for the ,men who had j been turned out," btit'aU' mothers must be indebted to Lord De Grey -, for . having real the 'leeson. Besides,-it was such a -temptation to wrong "tho oountry, A man who'iB in an office of trust muBt nçàr 'tbingô w.hich'it might ba worth many' a person's while to .poy for knowing (for instance, che know somebody who < had- Been; tho whole Budget before it came out), and suppose , a gambler chose.to make up his lossesi by letting a secret be known in certain quarters. I said that I did.not.believe .these,latter considerations actuated ber at all, women cared nothing about the public, but she was thinking of her own two elegant sons who were both in Government em- ploy. . Hence arose a slight coolness, which: lasted until -the ? dossert, when we beoame' once more friends, and I heard that tho Academy exhibition was rsthcr better than UBUBI, btit that there; was no picture of, mark > (and-1 knew, but, schooled by ' experience, did1 not soy," ,", that ; ' this; -',- meant; ~ that" . there was no vulgar, literal painting of something everybody had seen/and therefore crowded to seo on canvas, until a : policeman . was needful to Compel circulation) t that there were two ourang-. outangs at, the- Zoological GardenP¿ but bad Bpecimenï, not worth showing ; that if I bad not hoard anything about a divorce which was going to set overybody talking, she- was not going to. be the first to tell me of'i', (she did, later) ; that Mr. Disraeli had ro-p.ubliahod bis youthful "Revolutionary Epick," in doSance of people who said he had advocated tyrannicide, but that ho had altered the objectionable passage into perfect harmlessness ;' that sho 'had read j thc first number of Mr. Dickens's new .story, I bu', could not make np her mind wbetbor it was going to interest ber or' riot, bot that if Mr, Trollope bad never drawn »ny character bat Lily Dale be ought to le immortal, only the end ol the book was so unsatisfactory 5 that she seldom went to a theatre, because - they ran -pieces for two -years, but that the two or three novelties had all been bad, and Mr. Eothern's Garrick was a gad" descent from his 'Dundreary ; that these Greenwich dinners were a great deal too long (pleasant for me), but that now, thank gracious, they were going to get up-that we were' not to smoke too much, and that the carriages were ordered at 10 o'clock. 'Beally, Ido not know that there is much to add this, time to .the information which I received under the circumstances mentioned.. Bhall I say that a book is in the press which will have great interest, both for us and for you, the Diary of Mr. Stuart, the Anstralian explorer ?, It is soon to be published, with engravings; and capital maps, and has been edited by a gentle- man in every way competent to do justice td the hardy and gallant explorers. , At Hampton, on the banks of the Thames, and at one of its most beautiful parts, stands a large, and not elegant house, which is interest- ing as haying been built by the great actor. David Garrick. On the lawn in front is a temple, as it is called, which the actor erected in questionable honour of Shakespeare, and for which Horace Walpole (who had; thén learned to admire tho fashionable artist, in whom he saw little when Garrick was only making his way) wrote a not very neat inscriptiqn.. The house and grounds have long been in the hands of some wealthy tradesfolk, and they are now offered for sale at the' Auction Mart. I was visiting a friend in the neighbourhood on Sunday, and in spiteof an edict we managed to talk and bribe our way into tho house. The rooms, wi'h one exception, aro not good,'but there is a fine drawing-room, with bay window, which-is very interesting, being in exactly the state in which Garrick left it. The walls .are adorned with large Chinese designs,'and the great old em- broidered chairs one could easily fill, by a slight effort 'of' imagination, wi'b. Johnson, Burke, Beynolds, Goldsmith, and the rest of the Club. Garrick's bedroom,' which is in two parts," comprising;a sort of alcove in which is the bed, ornamented - with the celebrated China hangings which ho had so much' trouble to get through! the, Custom-hcuso tbat the grievance, became historical), and a lofty arched -apart- ment, that could be shutoff by a curtain, is also worth note. It is decorated with some graceful medallions; and with looking-glasses which are composed of many pieces, for: there were np, gigantis sheets of glass ia those days. The gro.unds are delightful, and there is.an " eyot" or :,'.'áVt'!.'óítliè Thames' .Uwit' goes with them. The road cufs thelown, but:tnere ts a b¿'iteWRe|H? way to tho'river, and this tunnel was' suggested: by Dr. Johnson'. There is no time for an Australian millionaire to send over,carie MancKá to - save the place, ,and, I hear" ' that it is, to be bought at almost. - any price by a rioh tailor, whose emissaries:chalk the walls with yalgar recommendations ta-' try his goods, and he announces that he shall pull the. house down, in order, I suppose, to builds Snip . Villa. We may Burely expeot -that as : one af the. authors of a Drury-lane "addresa" that was really " rejected," wrotèjT- -, : . -*"' Í! *b«Jr°ïiVu<t abide ol Qurrlothoverlog near, ? ?' - vyiH drop lo ThameVwàve a pitying tear." - - I do-not,touoh foreign matters, bnt it would seem strange to omit, all mention of the awful struggle now raging, in America, or to leave it to be cup p osed that we do ; not speak bf ,it»~ On Epsom Downs, yesterday, there assembled at least. 000,000 . per' sons to enjoy themselves, and to witness the contest of some magnificent horses. The ' same: papers' which record this tell ns that within a -lew.days .steaming, at Jeast 2QO,0O0Linen.speak- ing; our language, weré'.meeting, early in the month, to slaughter one another; and that they kept at the bloody work for six days, including a Sabbath. We. do not forget such horrors, even io our own mirth, and we pray that the fratricidal contest- may soon be brought to an end«' . Grant, the Federal, appears to be a leader of the British bulldog kind, and he has certainly advanced towards Richmond, though it seems only to get nearer to lines and defences against which his armies will be hurled in vain. ._We hear a good deal about theatrical matters in Australia, and you may like te know that our théâtres are all very : busy, except Drurylano, whis haB just closed, and ; is to let. The sensa- tion of ' tho moment is an elaborate revival of. .» Hamlet,»' by Mr. Fechter, at ;the Lyceum. He has some fine scenery, and a most artistic ghost; only the ghost is too fat, a°d not very solemn;' and is chiefly admired for his clever, 'disappearances. Miss Kate Terry bas made a great success in Ophelia, as was expected. An attempt at a Morality Play, after j the old, fashion, by Mri Tom Taylor, has not been received with much favour at the Olympic. It has -many defects, but its - real sin in the eyes of the critics, who are singularly devoted slaves to managers, is that it treads on too roany corns. I suppose yon will not be much concerned to know that Mr. Webster and Mil Boucicault are vituperating each other in let- ters,, apropos of a very bad comedy .ishich the latter sold to the former as original, but Which of course was taken from the French. I Misa" Bateman continues to draw capital houses to her Leah,' which, she will play to the. end' of ; uer engagement,; and then she will have a rest, and probably " a country round,1 '. returning- io¡ town/ when the winter season begins.- ? Thifl/.charming young artist has achieved a most legitimate suc- cess; without adventitious aid; and Bolely by her fresh, womanly; and sympathetic acting.,, !" Mr. Punch" dedicates to her the following'epigram, with .which I conr ade my presentdespatch : -. A.PcvTioiL .organ di clares with a sigh .?? ', ' ? Tbat reformera aro rightly for indolenoa blamed, And that whbh we «ll w«ot la A VERY GOOD Ciu * OF waren so cuss mr OIIIZEN SEED- DB À'HAUED .-. - -J ? Mr'Punch* has observai the appeal, and would álate \- ' Tbat the ardrie wanted hts some from Jodie i ;, .. ?: And now rnay be.hed every night about VIII,. .' ! ; , . Of 'hlB gifted jonng friend, lins KATE JOIEPHINE '.' ' ' -lean-/" . I - I ""A Oablenf a letter states that the rojal chateau of St lú- zantela waa broBoti Into one night lost week, when the thievoB oarricd OH the aword presented to the Emperor Napoleonic by tho city ofP-rl?, on tba OOOBBIOD of tho birth ol tbe IC og of. Borne. Thia relic was found by the Prussians In tbe Imperial carriage alter the battle .ol Waterloo. . A sabre wbloh formerly belonged to .Mora', . Klagof Napier, waa also stolen. The hills, and Boab. ..bards of those two armB were. of. pure gold, and j rlobly ornamented with preolons slonsB. Tbe,two bindea have since bcon found, which faot seems 'to ' show* that the robbery waa .committed for the iatrlosio value (of the ortiamoota only. '. ~ ' . ,' ' j, ,', A contemporary voaohea for tho following story.!--Á yoong physician who was In love with a fair pttlant, but was nuable fran: bashfulness to reveal bis passtod, wrote her a passionate .der/aralioo,: and left lt on thoi tobie, whore tho servant 'found, lt. Tho servant cn/urally enough tbooght it was a prescription, sod took SI to tba chorals;'?, who thc next day sent it back lo tho poer doctor, with tn apology, that he " was out of the Ingridlt ents ce:cB!0'ï to milti ap wont was wanted," 