.FRAYNCE. The Court orf Assiie Of the eine tried Maznini, by deftgult, on ~oMeh 27B for his ebate in the p?t aga~nst the lire of tbe qqperor for which Oreeo and his acom. plices werer condemnedtin February last. In theourse of his address the new procureurgeneial not only rciiratc4 the chtiges made hb his ltea predecesiar aglixiot MrnStbasfeld, of complicity with eaenin', but bought forward fresh .legations against him, and also ainst Mr. Stanseld The procureur-general averred that in 1867, Mazini indicated to Tiboldi and other Italian conepirators against the life of the emperor the two proncipa ntree of action-at Paris, the residence of Tibaldi; at London, the house of Jmames Standleld and his wife, whom he designated an "Jambs, the iend stthe ti' rewcry," ~and~'! Caroline." In Tibaldi's poases nion was found a memorandum-b'ookl containing the ad~ness of Mr. itansfeld, and the former confessed that when in London be had been in communication with that intimate fiend of Masini. Two letters were also semized at the time,, addressed to Ma~sini, signed. Caroline, the Christian name of Mrs. Stansfeld. The first, of June 16, said:--" I hard received your dear and anxious note by.,Mr. Nathan, who brought it himself." The seeond, of June 19, began with these vords:--"I have received., the money, and James will of qoureoarry nut your instruectionsa." In December, 1858, a man named Donati was arrested at Paris on a charge of plotting against the emperor's life. He con eLsed that in the course of the preceding Maly, Mamini had giren him a rendozvous at Btansfeld's brewery, ansd a conuversation then, took place on the projecte~d attempt, and on the time and placsee where the crime might be more easily consummated. "Buch are the factso," said the procureerngeneral, "which it is impor tant that you and the world should know. It is now incumbent on the court to proclaim the truth respecting.this onspirator." The court then retired to deliberate,"and aftgrwrdo it pased a sentenoe of transppvts~tn against Manzini--- sentence, remarks the GOnetic de Frame, of the snore importanoe as it enables the French Government to apply for his expulsion from England. (It is, in fact, rnsmoiedthat the French Oorernment hare already pointed out to ier Majesty's Ministers that the presence ofMannini on Britishoi wms a source of danger and anxiety to the ~abinet of the Taileries, and apphied for his epulsionr] Lord Clsreudon has bee n n a speial.miseano to the Impei?al Court. The Emperor reeoeired the noble earl on April 14k One f'the Paris papers announees that the object.of his mision isto retabllb s complete un derstanding betwoeen Prance and EJngland oh Danish afiija. ThlTi?men Paris correspondent is assured that Svery friendly understanding, instead of the 'oldness which prevailed ince the anFair of the Ooagewaa' now ctn.between :tje Governmoants of France and Eng land. This statement has been conirmed by Lord ThP antb~Ptim hire prohibited a speolal prformanen at thg Poytq fit Mqvtin.Vwleo,:Felnnsqa, atn fr indio Wean saJI Wea), sch~q wsa davertied.for fihakespeare's birtl1day. ? rinto.thisaetragrdinary a ot, the Paris reponent , bte ,Glofte write-"- Aleour a esai mrgta.dwl.~ on the onge prohibition hanohe, -igat.pe ?aylt4.epQr. banquet, French!or British. The gand hotli h been notified torefuse accommoda tSon to the in.,nded baqpueters, nor .is. the ghost of an_ Iate rea?o fortdooming for this coep d'flta." T!e ]ly wek zand the Easter holidays in Paris ha.e beoo ebaraoterised this year. by the crowds of lad)ao who visit the churches, and the oustom of girving sugar'made yggo, which contain amall toys, bank-notes, lace,jcwklery I in faet, the auf de Pdgue is now used to convey, the most exponsive amsursncee of love and etteki generosity or ostentation. The Easter egg hae incireased in volume, value, and pretensions, like every thing else.in Paris. People .are no longer contented with presenting a toy gift of the seoason, the egg of 1864 must contain some valuable article ofjewellery, or some riih object of a ludy's toilette which may cost thousands of francs, A dstiricldjouiral of Paris publishes a sheet of engp.vinga de4dicated to le oafqs de Poqtle. One of the draninge' ereseps. a gentleman coming out af a iat egg, te orum of abig-minded hon-bon artist, hch has been deposited in a lady'e bed-room, to the surve of the Inuty, , wlqm the gil is addressed. Other dr s are illustrative of other aspects bof this new 4bion. ....I I M F ,,.. -.i w.. ,. ,. , That a knave i. only a fool with a ciumendi bus was observed long ago, but the public have just had an opportunity of remarking how very large that csdrcmbeodirus is occasionally made. At Wrentham, in Suffolk, lived a miller named Samuel Kett, bearing a fair character, and respectably cor nected. This man has been convicted at the Bus Assizes of setting fire to his own premises; and it .i not too muchto say that his guilt was brough' home to him solely through the elaborate and . euitous. precantions which he had taken to conceal it. The jury held that the prisoner had been knave and fool too, and a sentence of 20 years' penal ser vitude gives the measure of his crime. It appeared that Kett had mande rather a bad purchase of his mill some two years ago, and the theory of the prosecution was that be set fire to it to obtain the losurahce. With this view he concerted a scheme for securing his own safety by an nuimpeachable alibi. His device was that the fire should appareptly breakl out and the buildings be consumed during his absence from home, so that no suspicion could possibly attach to him. For that purpose he drove over on a Sunday to visit an uncle who lived eight miles off, leaving word that he should not return that night; and as his wife was going out and his servants also, the premises would be deserted as night. If under such circumstances the fire oc cursed, his impunity was secured. The fire did oc cur that night, and the alibi be:bhad taken so much pains to establish furnished the evidence against him. How it broke down is one of the strangest stories that ever came before a court of justice. He overdid the thing by going to his uncle'ast all, for he had never passed a night there befbre, and his visit excited suspicion. His manner was so strange, too, that his uncle sent for a person in 'Ie employment to sleep in the house. In the evening, he asked his uncle to lend him a horse to ride out to meet somebody somewhere, not mentioning names. The night was wild, and they advised him not to go, end he consr.eented at lest to go to bed, but not till he had selected a chesnut mare to ride, and had the saddle and bridle put out for him. The question for the jury was, did he ride the mare or not?. It appeared in evidence that after the family, prisoner and all,lnad aetired tobed, the step of a horse was heard coming from the stable, somewhere about 11 o'clock and recognised as the step of the chesnut mare. An hourorso afterwards the liorse was heard to return, and thestcp of a man coming upstairs in the directiou of the prisoner's sleeping room was heard also. In the interval a police.constable on duty had seen a horseman pans him at a gallop, and had identified the mare by a white streak on hier forehead, while another witness, living near the prisoier's mill at Wrentham, had heard the barking of a dog, the noise of a horse fldgetting about, and then the sound of hoofs in rapid motion. Finally, at 12 o'clock,- or a little after, the Wrentham premises where seen to be on fire in two places. and in the morning when the groom at the uncle's bouse went into the Litable he found the chesnut mare in a state showing thatahe had been ridden in the nilht, with her saddle hang. ing up wet, and the.girth all "'slunhy." There never was a case of more complete cireamstantaln evoridence. . Wrong.doers, fortunotely, sounetimes outwit themselves, and in this remarkable instance the prisoner weas found guilty ujoim evidence turn ished entirely by his own precautions for losurisig his escanpe. "Rs J..O RoeanTa."--In the Bankruptey Cdukibefore Mr. Commissioner Fans. The bank rapt was a merchant, of Moorgate-street, alo having ab house.in George-street, Sydney, in partnership with Jacob Lazaus. . The failhre occurred in August lIst. The aecounts, prepared by Messre Johnson and Co., show the following considerable items: To unseeured creditors of the Loundon house, £52,741; ditto of the Sydney house, £t15,5l; creditors holding security, £22.055; making a total liability of upwards of .9e0,000; The assets are estimated at £45,000, of which ,42A.628 isnrepre seanted by property of the Sydney hoiasa, now being realised under powers sent oit fronthis country. Tilere is also property held by the seeoLred creditors of the value of £S0,300.-This was the.sitting-for examination and disoharge. It vas steted that about £20,000 had already been rdalised, and :ihe assignees asked for an adjonuroment of two sonths, with a view to a further realisation-uf the property in Sydney.-Adjouroed accordingly. DBULssP SaNe's MOTHin --The corpse of Banes Chundrabattee, mother of Maharaj Dhuleep Sing, has been brought to Bombay, for the purpose.of being burned, according. to tie Hindoo -ceremonial. This will, perhaps, explain Dbuleop Silg's return. \--Boenlin GaodU. Under the French conordat, no Papal bull has any validity.in Franoe without the onsent of the State ; but Cardinal ,Bonuald, Archbishop of Lyons, has not only introduced but obeyed one ahbelishing the Galiean liturgy in favour of that of Rome. He has gone a little too far; the prefect has been orderedto stop the'cir eulation sud execution of the bull, and the cardinal may .be called to acoount to answer for his conduct before the Counell of State. Sm RIt. Bansoo, on Sa Hr, PSams COur asn.-At the annual soires of the IEg~at Meoha nic's Institution, Sir Robert Briro, Biart., made a speech in which he ?relferred to somei the ebp beat very useful articles manufsactured at the preent day. Mo said there were many ladies in that room whe would be astonished when he told them that he had seen most'beautift ilalks-they must exouse the expres sion- offered at s. per yard.-(Laeihter.. an article,-then, could be prodneed so lke silk, although it hid not one thread of silk in it, as to defy its spurionUs. nbsa being detdqtedby the general buyer, suorely that rifleeted great credit upon the intellegence and skill that produced eeh an article-(Hear, hear.) Let them take another article, and that would be Ins own lat.-(Laughter.) He did not intend here Sir Robert began to brush his head-piece with lus. sleevol to be creap John, however. (Great laughter.) That hat resembled a silk hat, and was looked upon as such; yet there was not a particle of silk in its whole formation. It was made from a weed which grew in the.marshes of India, called jute. It seemed to be a beautiful silk hat. He had worn it for two years, and it had only cost lim e'. 6d.-(Langhter.) He ias not aehamed to tell them its price, nor did he think it a disgrace to any man to wear any kind of hat or other piece of dress, if it wee decent, no matter what it cosat.-(Heheaer.) Besides, it was afast thatit stood the damp from the seaair better thkn the beat silk he could put upon his head. Well, as he said, 'his hat. was made from jute, that nasty sttaurff which they made nail bags irith.-(Laugh tlr.) He had a pride in wearing that hat, and for this reason a It had.kives three times as much employment as thie manufacture of a silk hat; it had given wagen, it had givenlthbe means ofliving to many of.his fellow creatsars%-(dhes .) There was another article which he wore, deerving of their attention. Perhaps they would think he bad dressed himself for the ocaesion. (L~uhter.) He would bet the young men present- the young dsndis-(l?aughter)--who liked to have a neat ollr, that the one he wore was as good as, if not betteir 'than, 'any in the room. He did not believe there. w-as a e1er in the whole of numberland equal to his. It wu ouny psper.--Laoghter.) IHe pd Si. per dosen for these oolle-(obntinued laghter)-nd he would liketa -khow where they woald get a dozen washed for 8d. indpsodent of the material altogether. -(Roan of bkhte. These collars, he knew from ekpeiene, remained lean for a loeser time than the linen Dnes. A friend of his said to Ifim .one day-" I would like to see. you out with your paper soller on, oe a wet' dsy."-(?ugtli r) He thouight he.h ould try,. the experiment; and consequently upon the first wet dky that came he went out to see how his collar would " stand the rain. After being well wet, he roturined home, aisd allowed the wet collar to dry on lia neck. Ie then took it off, and was astonished to find thetit was almost as clean as when he first put it on.-(-ltgbtr.) Neat day he put on a linen collarn ad went ou¶ tg petitto the same test as he had kisn~ker Acllr.Inqagttr. When he returned'and tookit obf it'ae a ishame to be seen.-(Great laughter.)- Some people ieer apt to ay \--"The idea of weareugpaper collars!" WPhy, this was miserable vanity. He would wear aythitg that was decent, if it answered his purpbe.--(Hear hear.) If that cheap eilk of which he had been seenldg looked as beautiful in ladies' dresses as the 'snik obtoud from thie scaree silkworm, was the lady bt aeore- t not as respectably clothed as the one attired irith the produo tibn of the worm P--(Applatine.): a . Ipswsca: Printed and Plbiished by-,tbe Projarieroro Hueli PARnsinson, . Bo0wRmnr Soasm, :kbe F?a?ts ne mosnn, at the Rsaseld Tr, emf Oo -. Ellenborusgn-sumes, 