HOME AND FOREIGN. (Frm if -4c Bom Newt-) In a repeat lecture delivered by Dr. Pigeaux ?-- »t the Jardin d'Acclimatation of Paris, there are -some useful remarks on the subject of Bosiousicreatures. . Those birds which are par ticnlarly noted for the ravages they commit in corn-fields, are, on . the other hand, extremely useful-j4n extermifiatiii£T insects. Hence Dr. Pigeaux jr^commends that their nests and eggs be respected, hut that a-cpnective *l-e applied to their excessive fecundity by destroying a part of them iu autumn and winter. As to I insects, even those which are considered noxious they are useful in a certain point of view, inas much as they chiefly attack such plants as are originally diseased or weakened by some pecu liar cause ; whereby they promote the return of their constituent elements to the common fer tilising stock, upon which the fruitfulness of crops and the consequent support of animal life depends. If by any accident the whole of the insect world were swept away at one blow, the consequence would be the most horrible famine ever witnessed. The Late Fight between Heenan and King. — Referring to Heenan's defeat 'Man- hattan,' the American correspondent of the ' Standard,' in a communication to that journal, observes : — ' The great news that the American Champion, Heenan,. was defeated is still ring ing in our ears. The great unwashed part of our population refuse to be comforted. They have lost their money and their temper. There is no safety valve. They can't say that Heenan was poisoned or unfairly used. If we could charge the British people with unfairness to our man, it would afford us consolation. We can't do it. The charge would he too bare faced. Heenan is but a small part of the United States population. He has been tho roughly whipped by your man King. That is not all. Mr. King seems to have been de cidedly tbe squarer, as well as the better man. If there was any unfair play, it was in the wrestling. It tired out Heenan more than it did his opponent. Heenan made a great blunder for bis personal reputation. After the Sayers fight, he had all our folks upon his side; and if he had refused to fight any more, he could have lived on for fifty years, and died with the sanctity and veneration attached to the greatest prize-fighter in the world. He did not do this, and now there will be half-a-dozen ordinary fighters who will try to lick him as soon as he comes home. Meanwhile the honor of America ought to be vindicated, and John Bull punished. Already two new champions have arisen, and are ready for Mr. King with $10,000. The redoubted Joe Coburn offers to fight King for $10,000. Mr. Francis Pcttit, who resides at Alexandria, but is the messenger of Mr. Seward at the State Department, also offers to raise $10,000. Very possibly he mil he furnished with that sum from the Secret Service money, such as is used for the trips of distinguished persons to Europe, to soft-soap the British Lion — such as Walker, Beecher, Ewart, &c.; If Mr. Thomas King wishes an ovation, the freedom of the city of New York, a reception by all the military, superior to Kos suth, or the Japanese, or the Bussians, let him come over. He can be, for twM; weeks, the greatest man in America. He cafft run for the Presidency, not being born here, 'but he has reduced the Presidential candidates by whip ping Heenan, who, if he had whipped King, would have beeu the most prominent among the civil candidates for the Presidency.' At Sathonay, France, a rumour was circulated tbat a ghost had been seen. A chasseur wagered that he would solve the mystery. Accompanied by a trumpeter he repaired to the haunted spot. Presently a hnman form was seen, and both of tbem fired at it. A cry was heard, and on rush ing forward they found that what they had taken for a ghost was a soldier belonging to a patrol. The unfortunate man had received two severe wounds, oue on each side of the body. The following strange advertisement, which seems to reveal a romance of real life, lately ap peared in the Times: — ' Charles Peach Fenwick, aged SO, son of a captain in tbe Horse Guards, and formerly an Eton boy, and who many years since left his home, and has lately been heard of as haviog keen coachman in a private family, has become entitled to valuable interests in free hotd estates, and is requested to communicate with Messrs. Floxand Argles, 9, Mincing-lane, London, solicitors ; or Messrs. Clarke and Morris, 29, Coleman- st-reet, London, solicitors.' The result of -the post mortem examination Of the late Lord Elgin has proved what had been suspected from the first — that his death was not attributable to any disease of lodian origin. It was found that the heart was in a state of what is called professionally 'fatty degeneration' — that is, that it had lost its muscular character, and become weak and dilated. The right ven trical was fatally affected. There was also ad vanced disease of the kidneys. The chauges in the structure of these vital organs had been long in progress. It is strange that they had not earlier given marked evidence of their existence, for tlu-y would have soon proved fatal under any circumstances aud in any climate. One day lately, says the ' North British Daily Mail.' the -sexton of the Meains parish, while digging a grave in the churchyard, came upon ' tbe body of a female, which presented a remark able appearance. It was entirely changed into a substance-of a flinty hardness — tbe face, limbs, hands, and -feet still preserving their complete muscular form and roundness, and the body altogether strikingly resembling a marble statue. Tbe substance was so hard that the gravedigger's pick struck upon it with a sound exactly I similar to that caused by a hammer striking on flint or whinstone. The wood of the coffin was completely decayed, but the calico which wrapped the body was still in a state of good preservation. What makes tho altered condi tion of the Temains more remarkable is that the body of a man which was interred beside that of the woman about the same time was found decayed to the skeleton, and that no similar petrifaction has been observed in any other body in the same burying-ground. The woman, who died of cholera about 10 years ago, was between 50 and 60 years of age, and remarkably stout. She was buiied at a-depth of -8 or 10 feet in a dry loamy soil. Whether this extraordinary phenomenon is due to some peculiarity in the earth of the graveyard, or in the condition of the body, or to both combined, we leave for the solution of the physiologist. ' A detachment of troops,' says the New York 'World, 'recently scouting in tbe valley of the Snake or Lewis fork of the Colombia discovered a waterfall, which, it is said, is entitled to the distinction of being called the greatest in the world; The entire volume of Snake Biver pours over a sheer precipice 198 feet high, 38 feet higher than Niagara. Snake Biver is fully as large as the Niagara, and the cascade is one solid sheet or .body. The locality of this immense waterfall is near the point heretofore designated as the Great Shoshone or Salmon Falls of that river, but they bave always been enveloped in mystery. AlmoBtadozen years ago tbe writer passed along the Snake Biver road. For two days we heard the toaring of theBe falls, but learned no more respecting them than if the.v had been in the moon.. It was said that there were a series of falls - and .rapids, making a descent of 700 feet in seygfiiinUes, and tbe sound gave colour to the repbtft!^ For hundreds of miles across the great plain Snake giver flows through a canon, with vertical walls hundreds of feet high. It is only at long intervals that salient pointB are found by which the river .can be reached. The road crosses from point to point of.' the hi-nrffi. only upproarhinjj close to tbe rivt^jvherc there is a chance to descend for water. From these facts Very few. if any, ofxne tens of thousands of adventurers thaf' have crossed tbe plains, have ever looked upon the great fails. The late discoverers report, beside the main cataract, many others of less height, varying from 20ft. to SO ft. each, near by. Some day they will be visited by tho tourist and pleasure-seeker, and -looked upon as frequently and familiarly. as Niagara iB to-day )*.and it will be admitted that, with tbe stupendous grandeur of their surroundings, they are as far beyond Niagara as Niagara now excels the balance of the world. i \ The Chamber of Death. — Perhaps n^itfblic man has had the courage to send to the Chamber, of Death, as it is called iat the Tjmes officet:-fenfl ask tbe editor to lef -him haVe a look at. bis 'Life.' Sometimes, however, these 'Lives'' appear before the breath is out of the body, as recectly occurred in the case of Lord Clyde. The Times takes great care about these matters. Seven years ago a report was bionght to the office at eleven o'clock at night, that Lord John Russell was dead. Mr. Walter, who goes to the office much more frequently than is supposed, happened to be there. A consultation imme diately took place with writers and editois, and a gentleman ol tact and experience was sent off in the middle of the night to Chesham-place, to enquire the truth or falsehood of the report. He soon discovered that it arose out of exagger ated reports of a slight indisposition, which bad been magnified into the death of the noble lord; but, short as was his absence from the office, in the interim ample means had b«en taken to meet the emergency — the fatal casket had been opened, the record of a life which would form in itself no unimportant chapter in the history of the country, was displayed, and an army of biographers, editors, and printers were prepared to raise .the ghost of the departed nobleman, and fix the picture in its frame before the morning light dawned upon the sleepers of Loudon. When the messenger returned, and it was found that the intelligence was false, the memoir was reconsigned to its resting-place in the casket, the Chamber of Death closed, the rejected columns replaced, and tbe world was informed that the Times was re joiced to be able to state tbat the rumour ot the illness of so distinguished a nobleman was wholly without foundation. 