THE SHAKESPERIAN TEECEN TENAEY. The Stratford-upon-Avon Tercentenary Celebration offers a brilliant contrast to the miserable and humiliating failure of the London Committee. The town while we write is crowded. Houses and lodgings even in Warwick, Leamington, and other neighbouring places have mounted to an alarming figure, and nearly all the places are taken for nearly all the performances. Here, at least is a Shakesperian banquet in such good taste, and displaying such prodigal liberality, as to reflect honour on the town which has the glory of having given Shakespeare birth. The banquet, which was held in the Pavilion on the Birthday, and which inaugurated the festival in Stratford upon Avon, was a special success. Lord Carlisle presided, and was strongly supported. The whole of the vast picturesque interior was crowded. In the course of the morning, Max Muller had presented an address to the mayor and corporation from the city of Frankfort, and in the evening another address from the Free German Hochstift at Frankfort was read by Professor Leitner, of King's College, attended by Dr. Karl Baumann and Dr. Heinrich Brockhaus. The speeches and the characteristic music of the evening passed off with brilliant effect. The two marked speeches of the evening were delivered by Lord Carlisle and Mr. Creswick. On the following day, Sunday, the con- gregations at the Church were of unparalleled magnitude. The sermon, preached by the Archbishop of Dublin, was an elaborate eulogy of Shakespeare, occupying nearly an hour. In London, the only public celebration consisted of a shabby procession of working men who went to Primrose-hill to plant an oak from Windsor Forest in honour of Shakespeare. Handbills had been sent about, and dropped into areas begging aid and attendance; but the gathering was the most contemptible and ridiculous probably ever witnessed in a metropolis which can count up more failures in this way than, probably, any other in the world. The " distinguished" company collected on the ground consisted of Mr. Paul Bedford, Mr. Toole, Mr. H. Dixon, Dr. W. Marston, and a few more. Mr. S. Phelps planted the tree, a lady christened it, and then the crowd, having, as. it turned out, really collected for a very different purpose, formed into an indignation meeting about Garibaldi. From this intention, however, they were driven by the police, and the Great National Committee which commenced a few months ago by insulting Thackeray, very nearly gave up the ghost in the station-house. THE YELVERTON CASE The Lords' Appeal Committee sat on April 6 for the first time this session, and, among other business, disposed of a petition presented by Mrs. Yelverton, for an order on Major Yelverton to pay her 3500, to enable her to defend her interest in the appeal. After hearing counsel on both sides, the Lord Chancellor said his own impression rather was that such applications should not be entertained before the Appeal Committee, but he found from the case of Blake, which had been referred to, that so far back as 1828 Lord Lyndhurst had acted on an opposite principle which could not now be disturbed. He thought that in this case the judgment of the Court of Session must, in the meantime, receive effect, and that this lady was, for the present, entitled to the status and rights of Major Yelverton's wife. The report of the committee would therefore be that Major Yelverton should pay her £150, and that her case should be lodged in three weeks, which would insure the cause being disposed of this session. 