PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. ninnv'a ddttd societies nice these were the Rreatest possible benefit to the labouring class, and it was a satis* [action to him. whilst walking under a hedge, to IPDVhfln* n ll + tlA K/\tt ?*??*» M*Ikn taa*».M!M«i. !«?? L.^IIa#*. jut, 'Daddy s fot a prize.' '-Colonel Fane, at the Bicesier AirrtcuUural Ansociation Dinner. Beneath a hedge of late walked L * 'Mid acres rich and wide; When a small boy came running by Along the other side. His father was a lalwuring inaH, From this I did surmise, Tlui still that urchin, us he ran. Cried 'Daddy's won a prize!' ' For wh&t;, ray boy J' I risked. ' A wife, And twelve of us' he said, ' Without relief in all his life, From parish. Daddy bred.'1 'Good man,' Raid L 'his earnings, what? If you can tell me, speak.' He answered, 'All as Daddy got, Twelve shillings was a week?' ' Well done! His work no doubt was hard, And moderate was his hire, Now tell me, boy, then, what reward Was given to jour sire/ A well-built cotuipe, I should guess, To hold for life rent fres. Of course they couldn't cive him less, Thai's whai he got, may bei' 'He! Naw,' replied the little lout, 'A. (at lot he enjoys! O sitch a pair of just about New spick-and-span cord'roys!' So snyitiK he pursued his wny, And, wtih receding cries, Keut hallooing. ' Hip, hip, hip, hooray '. Hoy ! Daddy's won a prize ! THE IX'TUitF. OF THE UNITED STATES. I From our own Correspondent, j Like the bald eagle soaring in majesty above the clouds, when our free and enlightened Republic, once more united, has m into a gigantic hmpire, don't you suppose we're agoiu to take up with the cast-otl' liveries of Jiurope. No; we mean to have a mmkeydom of our own ; we do. We will have our cocked hats worn fore and hind, and our shoulder-knots between the shoulders. Our plush shall be ad striped and spangled with stars. Our coats shall be braided with platinum and alumi nium lace, our hair-powder shall be made of maize, and our footmen's cal\'es Khali be as bur again as any of yourn. Our Emperor shall have a Lord nigh Valet instead of Chamberlain. He shall also have a liord High Boots, lu pluco of a Mistress of tho Robes we will give our Empress a MistresH of the Crinoline. The Court of Washington shall bo attended with Ostlers in Waiting, not (5 room*. For your Master of the Horse we will have a Manager of the Circus, (Jals of (Jlory for Maids of Honour, and Hossbreakers for Equerries. And if we don't altogether eclipse, extini;uiisli, and utterly stump out your old outworn eU'ete royalty with our go-ahead rampant, roaring, imperial splendour, it b a pity. DEMONS OF THE FUTURF. We have extracted the following advertisements from the London daily papers of ten yearn hence:— Lost, on Wednesday evening, somewhere 1h- tween tbe St. .) miles'* Hall and Hanovcr-squaro Rooms, by a lady, u little airy spirit. Answers, by a pinch to the name nf ' Foggy C'luud.' AddreBS ' U ait for Me,' Puste Restante, Oxford-street, W. Notice.- If the gentleman who was seen to entice away a small familiar, by ottering it a piece of sulphur, in Hyde Park, on Sunday, does not at once restore it to its disconsolate mistresR, she will put the matter into the hands of the electro biological police. The Spectral Hands Club will meet again for the season at Mr. H. Walker's Rooms, Piccadilly, at midnight on Thursday next. Apology.-The spirit who inadvertently knocked out a gentleman's eye by shying a speaking trumpet at him nt the stance in Pall Mall, last week, begs to tiller its best apologies. Iuonly excuse is that somebody trod on its tail, which it has now had cut oil; so that a Kimilar accident cannot occur a^uiu. We Want But Yon!-The Wai worth Witchei want an elderly lady, of not particularly good character, and fond of cats, to complete a party. Address Broomstick, opposite Mr. Spurgcong Tnbcrnnclc. Spirit uuJ Apparatus. -The best wires, stuffed hands, Hying Jew's-harps, automaton guitar?, ceiling music-tups, ghost crackers, enchanted snakes, transparent paper, phosphorus pencils, mid other requisites are to be had cheapeBt and best at Doo's Ghastly Repository and Mart of Magic, Barbican. N.B.— A female medium in structs Indies. Lord Tomnoddy begs to intimate to his aristocratic friends thai there will l-e no more manifestations in (irosvenor-Kiimire until the return of Lady Tomnoddy from the lunatic asylum, to whi-.-ii it lias been necessary to remove Her Ladyship. Hi'iiry!- U by would vou not appear ut Iht medium's an'wti.mals tail on Monday niglu; lv was very unkind. 1 w.mt tn ask vou imch a, number of questions, ana particularly what you did with the seventy pouinK hiciiUoiinI in your will, but which we cannot lind anywhere. We discovered tho pink nou-.-.. o'i, you liad fill '8t ! But all shall be forgiven if j..u will ;i;ipcar and say where the money i-, Your inconsolable widow, lx-tl.v. l.Vnicmhcr, nine raps, nnd 'Sweet Spirit, bear my Prayer' on the accordion The mauic gibus, withoi.i which no gentleman can now uppu.ir in a draiviiiK-rooin, cun lie had uiily at Reaver Dam's cstalilihluucnt, Regopt stieet. It Hies across the room, Rquenking, and returns to it» owner. .All the other batten aro mad about it, initiating the saying, 'Mad as a hatter.' William Shakspcare, of Stratford-upon-Avon. dramatist, has promised to appear in tho spirit, ut .Mrs. - Jrubby's ;n:«n-r on .-Umnlay, nnd will dictate a new Bcene for Ins tragedy of ' Hamlet.' Gin and other refreshments in the back parlour. Wipo your shoes. A Card. — Jim Mawley, who will he faced by thtt Nobby Bellowser, remimU his frieuds of the har monic meeting mi Miiuhy evening neit, atUia Cock Phantom Tavern some hpirin of departed 'Purs,' including Mendnzn nnd Chicken, are expected to attend and pitch mho the meeting. Pines, b'ccy, and '.-pints of anuther sort.' Shakspcare— hem ! Pickpockets.— Numerous robbories constantly taking place at Spirit Stances wJien the lights ore extinguished, the police advise persons aitendiuu such performances to pick their own pockets In their dressing-rooms he-lore noing. Scotland Yard, Warning.— The lady who seized nnd detain**! Wie Hand which was placing a wreath on her head a» Hcrr von raglinsiro's. on Wednesday night, !» known; and if she does not restore it without saying anything to anybody, and with the ma chinery uninjured, revolution* which tlie spirits have made about her early life will Iw conveyed to those who are interested in knowing somt-lhing about her. Tremble ami obey. TheUbost of Mozurt will be culled up at fan Musical Phantom Association Meeting on the ilk instant, and will piny some variations on th) super natural music in ' Don Giovanni.' It is requested that the two gentlemen who eon vcyed a lady in Htrong hysterics from the Appari tion Hall lant Saturday will say nothing of what she Rtated during her excitement. There was some mistake— her brother was nut. drowned, as alleged by the spirits, but has returned with a wife awl many nuggets. Clara. Dissolutiun of Partnership.— The partnership heretofore existing tictwcen Endor Trick and Grimm DUldlcr, spiritualists, has been dissolved by consent of Mr. Justice Sterne, who has sen tenced the former to sevon }earsandaflogginK» and tbe latter to the Silieiian penal settlement for life. Central Criminal Court, October, 1874. PITT THE SORKUWS OF A POOn OLD— BISHOP. I'm an elderly prelate, well up on the Bench Not a mere norm homo like Thomson or Trench—. I iielong to the good easy-going old times, When Enquiry was heresy, Doubt worst oi at»e»; When to drift with the tide and tal^tairjgi as they came, And stand on old ways was th' Episcopal game; When a man of good blood, and sound viewB, In priest's orders. Found a liberal profession and literal rewarders ; When a Bishop was never seen out of hit wig: When his lawn-sleeves were ample, liiu revj^Juua bis; When a seat on the Bench, if one's way ojae could win to, There was no mean Commission ono'» rents to pry into— Heaven knows what might now be our abject position. If tbe Bench were not pretty strong on the Com mission ! Then the Bench was a place of Right-Reverend repose, Whereon round, smooth, and stout, wo Church* pillars arose; We might not be strenuous, but we were solid— Nay, 6ome of u», p'raps »»ay have verged upon stolid But tieir function, I take it, the mitre that don. Is to htand, not tn stir, to maintain, not move on. You may whip Peers through school, edit (Jreek plays at College, But you're bound to scout progress and snub useful knowledge. These Conservative duties we nobly discharged, And no one can say uo the Church-pale enlarged; Hooker, Pearson, and Bull, Hummed our stock of theology, We pooh-poohed the Germans, and smiled at geolocy. None then heard that vile dogma, which holds all sins' seeds, 'Honest doubt has more faith in't than half of the creeds:' But nowadays storm-tossed is every see, Say '(jood by, peace of mind!' you tbatBkhops would Ite; As for quiet and ease, they are dreams of the past. Now even Churcb-pilla rs are asked to move fast ? What with all sorts of heretics, printiiiR and gabbling, Tbeologisu, Rationalists, Socialists squobbling And, as if such outuiJera had not enough vexed tn. Here s a Bishop (Colonial, 'tis true) loose oa Exodus! Then one's friends who'd defend from tlie foe* who've attacked one, Display an activity fit to distract one— bhow all sorts of new lights, raise all torts of vexed questions— Oonvocatioas and Congresses, schemes and sug gestions. Till a real Church militant, all seem at strife, And a Bishop is doomed to ' hard labour for life.' We are puked up to cut out Neology's cancer ; To condemn's not enough, they expect us to antwer! When hrreiics ai-gne 'tis tc« must oppose *em, And, besides opening question, we're called on to close 'em. And oil for a stipend that barely Affords A subsistence for one who takes rank with tha Lords. While one can't give a living to son or relatiotv But the Press hawk out 'nepotism' all through the nation. Sydney Smith made a joke how Fiji sooa would vary. ' Its diet of bread-fruit with cold missionary— An«! the practice that loose Caoca thus shrined hiiwitin Has spread in an awfuller fona to Great Britain— Till for popular carving no meat you can dish up 8o sureto be relished, all, round as roast-Baiwpf \ qtUTE Accoutre for rr. . *- ; I Amona the names included in the- proclamation Of outlawry made by that well-known officer who bears the ominous name of ' Hemp' on Wednes day last we find that ot 'Easterly fiains,' TW& fully accounts for the rate dry weather. FASHIONABLE NOTE AND QDERT. (Interesting to Walters.) Why are white chokers of an evening Arifrueurf Iu order that a gentleman may be at earara. 