A N-£ in South. Wales journal lately took occasion to compliment the colonists of Vic toria on their superior enterprise. However correct this view may be in the main, thbre are- some very, striking exceptions to % the general rule. The people of Victoria seem quite devoid of that sort of enterprise which finds vent in tbs -building, or the owning of ships. Considering, the enormous import and) export trade oft the colony, it is evident that we negleet-i the cultivation of what o unlit to be a powerful local interest. Sprung from a nation o£ sailors, it is not a little singular that there should be so absolute a dearth of disposition to permit our profit accumulations to- flbw in so thoroughly legitimate a diveotioa. Of the gigantic fortunes reared iiy. the votaries of commerce in- Great Britain,, by no means the smallest number have been, built up by the addition of ship afterrship. accumulated from the original starting rpcinfc of a email part in terest in a single vessel. In every shipping port of Great .Britain, numbers of such men are to be fb'und; who, from infinitesimal beginnings, have- built whole fleets — the white wingiKof whose argosies cover every sea. It is to heir maritime enterprise that England chiefly, owes geographical dis covery, colonial, extension, and the constant development of new markets for her manu factures. Not only, however, are we in Victoria behindhand in this department of commerce .but at home our colony is stu diously neglected, and our just claims ignored, whilst eompanv after ? company is formed iov the purpose of a fording more constan j communication with places of third or fourth-irate importance as compared with the Auc.trnlias. It is impossible to look at, the- advertising columns of an, English news, paper without having the attention arrested! by prospectuses of new steamship compa nies under the Limited: Liability AcL Passing- over, the luckless , effort of the Australian and Eastern Navigation Company — which in effect promised to. be more- a joint stock agency than a jpint stock: ship-owning company— we find, no prospectus as yet before- the public for,- the purpose' of effecting dipeet steamship Qomr munication with the- Australian colonies We can offer inducements far superior to those which are held; sufficient to float such \ corapauies intended ' to trade to South. America, the St. Lawrence, and the- Cape. |Colony. Whilst Australians passed over in [contemptuous neglect, we find, millions, sterling of share capital offered to. carry out schemes much less promising. As an illus tration of how/ we are overlooked in this respect may be instanced the proposed for mation of the- British and South American Steam Navigation Company (limited). This company proposes to connect England with Brazil, the River Elate; and the West Coast of South Araerica, via the Magellan Straits. The pjospcotus details some suggestive facts, jt; is not a little significant that tho Mediterranean, the American and West Indian trades are now almost exclusively carried on by unsubsidised screw steamer,' . This is a very important fact. It has con stantly, and it would seem recklessly, been asserted that ocean steam lines would not pay without the assistance of large postal subsidies. Just the contrary is now proved to be the case. The'Inman,' the 'Bibby,' and other similar fines of steamships have been productive of large profits to their owners, depending solely upon th6 receipts from freight and pas- age money. We have men tioned the newly projected company for the west -.coast, of South America; and, as the scheme !is to some extent applicable to our own circumstances we quote , a paragraph from the prospectus : — Tho company will- commence operations with six screw, steamships of 2200 tons and 300-liorse power each (having capacity for 2000 tons cargo, thirty* five days fuel, audi accommodation for fifty to seventy first and a similar number of secoud-clttss passen gers), leaving Liverpool and Falmouth once a1 month, calling at Bahia, Rio Janeiro and Monte Video (taking goods and passengers for Buenos Ay res), tlienco proceeding via Straits of Magellan to Val paraiso and Lima. Arrangements will be made' to take cargo to and from Arica, Islay, and other pcofe on tho west coast. Tho vessels aro guaranteed to1 stenm ten knots, and, being folly rigged as clipper sailing ships, are calculated to perform the voyago regularly in, say — FalraonliU to Bio Janeiro (calling' at Bahia) 25 days. Do Monte Video ? 34 „ Do Valparaiso ? .......50 ,, Do Lima ? ? ? 60 „ Tho average passage of sailing ships to tho west coast being over ninety days. This company, with a capital of a million sterling, proposes to undertake a nauch more onerous service than would fall upon an Australian direct steamship company. In days the voyagers longer, and against the easy circuit of the Cape of Good Hope, ! there is the dangerous passage of the 1 Magellan Straits i» a much higher latitude. Exports which do not amount to two-thirds of those sent to the Australian coloniaa are quoted, in order to- kapress upon the share subscribing public t'he commercial advan tages which await tlie project. As an in stance of the steady progression in profits of steamship companies,, where the manage ment). is good, may be- quoted the Pacific Company, running frarn Valparaiso to Panama, in connection with the West India Company's branch steamer from Chagres„ This company commenced) twenty -five years ago with four small steamers — its fleet now consists of seventeen powerful vessels — its pays handsome dividends, and its original! £50 shav.is are at £84. Turning; to the projected Liverpool, Quebec, and Montreal Steamship Company (limited), we find a million capital sought to build vessels for the conveyance of mer chandise and steerage passengers. PostaL subsidy is not sought for, nor i3- the carriage of cabin passengers particularly aimed at. Fair speed, moderate rates ofr freight and passage-money, and large carrying capacity, are the special characteristics which it is anticipated will render the undertaking profitable. Again, in another direction, we find the public invited to subscribe capital for the promotion of a second line of steam ships between the Cape of Good I Hope and T*. ^ — L ? ? JJv. .A „ A ? JJJLIgiauu. At JJUlULlUg bU 11UU' tliU /AUb , tialian field fos steamship enterprise ne I glected, whilst a colony so immeasurably ! inferior in commercial status as that of the ! Chpe should havo two distinct lines of i steam communication. Australian direct ! steam enterprise/ unhappily fell into bad ; hands ten 5 ears ? ago, and the ghosts of 'defunct companies, self- slaughtered, have : haamted British capitalists ever' since. jWs are paying; the penalty of (former miomanagement and blunders, over- which we-hadnotthe shadow of control, and for which we should not now, in fairness, be held responsible. Elsewhere we reproduce an articld from tho- Economist, which forcibly puts the pecu liar applicability of the principle of limited liability companies -t® ship-owning. A rich corporation can eclipse the efforts of indivi dual) shipowners. 18 can achieve tho 'grand desiderata of regularity, celerity, and sin cerity, which in return beget public -confi- dence — and this is n-kind of capital which is readily convertiblO-into tangible profit by shipowners. To at&ch; qualifications) the celebrated Cunard Goaapany owes its almost unparalleled success;. We can scarcely believe it possible- that Victoria and the other Australian colonies will, be left much longer without direct steam communication, upon a scale commensurate with their prominent commercial position, and) the inducements which such a -trade o flubs. Praiseworthy and useful as are the experiments made,, by placing occasional steamers upon the ? berth for Australia,- we decline to accept thbir moderate sucoess as . any test of the results capable of achieve ment by a powerful-steamship company-. des- patching fleet vessels by the direct route with reliable punctuality, and commanding. patronage by charging reasonable rates -ofr freight and passagq. money. Ngar the end of Jine, 1864, the report of' the General Superintendent of Telegraphs, .for 1863 has appeared. This fact i3-. men. tioned not with tha- view of blaming either/ Mr M'Gowan or- the Government Brinter, but if documents- of this kind have any value they oughtf.to.be issued within. -a rea sonable period after the close of the.- year.. Irrespective of extensions to railwajsstationa,. eight new offices- were opened during 1863; !None of them* are of great importance^ and all are worked at, a considerable loss.. In his report fori l'062, Mr M'Gow.f.Mecom~ 1 mended extensions to Wood's Point andi the? .' Jordan. The- Government, has,, however*, jnot acceded to. the. recommendation, .and! : that district rereiains without telegraphies \- communicaticsn. for another ye-aiv at leash. That such a, line would be ? remunerative there can be- no doubt, and. even, if!7 it were otherwise, tho growings importance of the district and its inaccessibility to ordinary communication ought to render it exceptional. If it was desirable to extend tbo- telegraph to Keaang and Swan Hill, certainly the eastern goldj- fields had an :eqjual claim. Sufficient has been spared, however, to provide- for communica tion between the Government offices, an accommodation that we may be sure will be availed of to. the fullest extent. Mr M'GoaffAN informs us that- to New South Wales on the one hand and South Australia .on the other there are now double lines. This is very satisfactory). to. know, but as yet the public have derived) little 01- no benefit from the additional wire. We are told that ' this provision admits of , one wire being '? devoted to local requirements, whilst, the. '? other is engaged solely with intercolonial, ' telegrams.' We venture to ask why- ? some arrangement is not made by which both wires from Adelaide may be available for tho transmission of tho monthly European telegram ? Hitherto, there has either been a rivalry maintained at an enor mous expense, or a monopoly of priority by one newspaper. When the mail hasarrived at Adelaide at night, it has been frequently remarked that when a particular journal has secured the wire, the transmission of the message has extended over so long a period . ?? ' as to render that of its [contemporaries too lato for publication. With two wires this need not , be. Generally, there are two messages forwarded, and we are at a loss to know why they are not worked simultane ously. . Until this is done, the public gains no great advantage- from the double wire. The newspapers are the best customers of the telegraph department, nnd havo aright to demand, when an emergency requires, its undivided attention. By the present system, a; telegraph agency or a particular newspaper may, either by incurring great expense or dexterously manipulating, have a monopoly of the English mail news. We were assured that this would continue only until the second wire was in opera tion. We learn that it is work ing, but the unfair and clumsy practice still continues. Of course Mr M'Goivan has no direct control over the South Austra lian telegraphic department, but the double wire is under his control from our own border, and there is no reason why both messages may not be sent on simultaneously from thence, if not before. We have no doubt, however, that a satisfactory arrange ment could be made with South Australia ; and, having had the necessity of it pressed upon him, we hope Mr M'Gowan will be good enough to effect it as speedily as possible. Whilst on this point there is another grievance of the creation of the telegraph department itself. Only a limited number of words are allowed for each newspaper, when there is rivalry ; but, in 'order to enable one paper to monopolise the wires sufficiently long to get through its message, the practice has been to per mit a portion to be sent nominally to a weekly offshoot of the same proprie tary. This is so clear an evasion of the regulation, that we are surprised Mr M'Gowan has not interposed long ago. Whilst there is only one wire in use from Adelaide for intercolonial messages, there must necessarily be monopoly. It is the interest of the public that there should be no monopoly in the transmission of tele graphic news, whether by agents or otherwise. In another part of his report, Mr M uowan, speaks of a proposal for a second line of communication between Victoria and South Australia, through the interior district of the west, with the view of extending it to New South Wales, thus enabling these colonies to communicate directly without converging upon Melbourne. We are informed that the receipts of South Australia from the telegraph depart ment in 1862 were £7677, and the expenses £8046, showing a loss of £369.' New South Wales exhibits a more satisfactory account. The receipts for 1862 were £25,513, and the expenses £16,780, leaving a balance of £8733, or a profit of 7j per cent, on the original outlay. This, however, includes Government messages. Our own account' is eminently unsatisfactory. Exclusive of Go vernment messages, which are not paid for, and which ought not to appear in the account, the gross receipts are £25,768 15s 8d, and the working expenses £35,645 lis 9d, showing a loss without interest on capital of nearly £10,000. But Mr M'Gowan adds £18,289 8s 2d as the value of charges for Government business, and consequently makes a fictitious balance in favor of the department of £8412 12s Id. The public, however, will not understand this system of robbing Pjsxek to pay Paux. The real amount the department ought to bo credited with for Government messages is the waste of battery mate rials and the additional labor, if any. The moneys actually received amounted to £24,732 16s 7d, and the total expendi ture in salaries and maintenance was £35,645 lis 9d. Some of the stations are kept open at an enormous loss. For in stance, the total receipts from Swan Hill for private messages during the portion of the year it was open were £98 7s 3d, and the cost of maintenance is £543 6s 6d ; Camper down £28 8s 5d, at a cost of £360 2s lid ; Longwood £51, at a cost of £666 9s lOd ; Gisborne £29 16s 7d, at a cost of £429 53\. These places are selected at random, — there are many others almost in the same position. We are reminded that from the expenditure on salaries ought to be de ducted the allowance made to postmasters. At forty-three of the stations both services are performed by the same persons. Even admitting this set off, the cost of maintain ing unremunerative stations is enormous. Several of them were made during last year in pursuance of Mr M'Gowan's recom mendation. In fact, no single place that the telegraph was extended to in 1863 is likely to be other than a losing investment, and little or no convenience to the public ; whilst Wood's Point, which it is admitted would give a satisfactory return, has been excluded. We get an insight into the manner in which Government messages are prepared. The receipts from 156,482 private messages amounted to £24,732 16s 7d ; whilst 78,038 transmitted by the Government are valued at £18,289 8s 2d. Having the telegraph at their command, Government officials are not at the pains to condense what they have to transmit, and Mr M'Gowan takes credit to his department for the superfluous verbiage. :. The total capital invested in the telegraph lines is £222,846 5s lid. For this expenditure no interest is re turned, and there is a loss on the working, exclusive of Government business, of nearly £10,000. Notwithstanding the extensions, there has been a decrease of 6165 in the number of telegrams trans mitted by the public. The fact is that al most as much use is made of the wires by the Government offices as by the entire com munity. Mr M'Gowan touches at some length on the probabilities of telegraphic communication with England, but no novel feature is disclosed. With the concluding portion of- the -report we must, to some ex tent, disagree. It is said that, having obtained the , use of the tVliole of the Exchange Hall, increased advantages have been afforded to the public. This may be true as far . as internal arrangements are concerned, but the place where messages are prepared is almost invariably in the dirtiest ' possible condition, and very fre quently, neither pens nor: ink fit for use are to be obtained. We cio not think the report discloses a satisfactory condition of the telegraphic de partment, and several changes in the pre sent method of conducting , its operations are called for. ; , 