THE REV. GEORGE GILFILL-v nv CALVINISM AND UNION. ^ Tho last platform appearance of this o,cntr;0 gentleman was at a soiree of an Evaiic]icnj Union Church in Dundee, where he spoke h-this wise : — I never had any feeling of tin,,, \jity to t^ Evangelical Union — quite tho revet„3?r Somo -j my early and most highly esteemed friends— such as Dr. Morrison of Glasgow, and Mr Gullirie of London — (cheers) — wero or aro among its loading men. I think, too, that tho movement which led to its origination was, on tho whole, a healthy c~e. (Cheers.) It was valuable, to say the least, as a protest against the highly inflated and thoroughly ouo-sided Calvinism which then too much prcvuiled in Scotland. Calvinism is no doubt a sublime system, but it doos not, any moro than Armiiiiuiiism or any other ism contain the whole truth, or anything like it. I was amused some time ago by an excellent person of whom I asked how her deafness was coming on, and who replied — 'Sir, it is a great deal better since I got one or two shocks of Calvinism' (galvanism). (Groat laughter.) I fear Scotland for a long time was rendered deaf and almost doad by too many shocks of ' Calvinism'— (great applause) — nnd it is otherwise now, and if wo nro now permitted in all our pulpits to prcach the universal love of God to men, and the universal re ference of Christ's atonement for men, it is greatly owing to that movement which issued in tho forma tion of the E.U. Church. This is called, par excel lence, tho ago of unions, and it is certain, at all events, that never did an age abound moro in un likely matches — both physically and spiritually. I should not havo been astonished to hoar of a union between the U.P. and the E.U. Churchcs, although I don't think that will como in our time. But to hear of a union between a church plodged to tho prosecution of voluntary principles and of free dom of thought — a church which had as its practical motto at least, ' The dissidenco of Dissent, and the Protestantism of tho Protestant religion' — oven en tertaining the thought of uniting with a church which notoriously resigned endowments becauso it could not help it, and which holds the principle still, is to me a humiliating thought. I wonder tho ghosts of Grahamo of Newcastle, and Bollantyne of Stonehaven, and Wardlaw and nengh of Glasgow, havo not started from their sepulchres to frown upon tho kings and tlio marshals who havo, from good enongh motives no doubt, betrayed tho noblo causo which theso gianls inaugurated by thoir labors, and might bo almost said to havo sealed by their blood. (Appluuse.) This projected union is not likely to tako place soon. Very properly tho U.P. Synod has deferred it. I wish I could say sine die. (Laughter.) And yet in another view I almost regret it has not been hastened on, since that would have led tlio sooner to what is perhaps inevitable, tho formation of a new church iu Scotland. Thero aro a number in our body who will never, with all thoir rcspcct for many things and many meu in tho Free Church, submit to bo dictated to by cliques and Earls (savo tho mark !) and Doctors of Divinity in Edinburgh assembled, or to havo tho Confession of Faith re imposed in its entirety upon them. That party would, I fear, at first bo small, but it would bo broad and liboral, and in that breadth would lio tho germ of its greatness. It would gather around it an immenso muss of the young and tho intelligent, who aro at present repelled from all religion by the seve rities and obsoletisms of crccds. (Applause.) It might pick up — what shall I say ? — such glorions waifs as Hately Waddcll and Wm. Scott of Glasgow, men of whom any church might bo proud, but who aro at present compelled by ®ur narrowness to fight in solitude and unchcercd. It would not perhaps unito with tho E. U. Church, but it would regard it with a friendly and brotherly aspect. And it would do battle for Voluntaryism in its broud yet liberal sense ; and, above all, far manly piogres sivo thought and unlimited ond foarless inquiry. (Cheers.) God forbid that I should wish, except us a matter of absolute necessity, any disruption in tho U. P. Church. I love it as my mother Church ; aud it is because I love it that I hopo it will never disgraco and degrado itself. (Applause.) And God forbid that I should not acknowledge tho elements of oxcellonco which abound in tho Freo Church, and which, I believe, if such a body as I have spoken of wero formed, it would attract and incorporate within itself. A Church which onco had a Chal mers as its crown, and has still such mon as aBarus — (great applaud) — I will add a Kuight, and, best of all, a Dr. Hauna, among its preachers, should fulfil a noble destiny. But if it does not, another Church may. Immigrants' Aid Society. —At tho weekly meet ing of tho executive committeo of tin} Immigrants' Aid Socicty, held on Friday, tlio su^ . Sndent mado tho following return : — Number of inmates in tho home, as reported last week, GG0 ; admitted sinco, 82 ; persons who have receivod out-door re lief, 201 ; total relieved, 948. Discharged into c tro of Government under tho Noglected Children's Act, 478 ; dischargod from institution, 85 ; total inmates remaining, 179. The Letter ' H.' — Thero is something pro foundly lamontablo in tho conversation of a Cock ney. An exchange paper gives tho following as tho direction of an Engish father to his son : — ' Arry, 'op hup and go down to Mr 'Arris's, and liask 'im hif 'o 'as a bit liof hash or hoak to mako a 'ammer 'andle' We can remember somothing ubout a3 good, ? and quite true. An English actor was playing Pierre to William Tell. Pierre has the follewiug speech : — ' Horrible ! most horrible ! To save his own and Albert's life, Tell has consented to shoot an apple off his own son's head.' The actor knocked about his ' h's' thus : — ' 'Orrible ! most 'orriblo ! To savo 'is hown and Jlalbcrt's life, Tell 'as consonted to shoot ban liapplo hoff 'is hown sou's 'ead.' Facts ahoi;t Suicides. — Suicidcs increaso in a moro rapid ratio tban tho population and mortality in general in Bavaria, Denmark, Franco, Hanover, Mecklenburg, Prussia, tho Kingdom of Saxony, and Sweden. Suicides aro most frequent in Northern Germany and in tho various parts of Denmark. Sweden and Norway, though belonging to tho samo race, are proportionately inferior to Denmark in that respect. Contrary to a generally adopted opinion, England stands nearly at tho bottom of tho scale; and so do Belgium, Austria, and Spain. Franco holds an intermediate position. Gonorally for every 100 Buicides of mon, there aro from 29 to 30 of wo men. Tho number of suicides increases with the ago of individuals, at least until tho ago of CO. Tlio ' numbor of suicides is generally lowest in January and highest in July. In Denmark, Spain, and Saxony, tlio only countries whero it has been pos sible to obtain any reliable information on tho sub- j joct, married peoplo are least liable to commit sui- s cide, and widowers, on tho contrary, aro most liable to it; but suicides occur most frequently ; among married people who havo beon divorced or ; separated. In Prussia, in the courso of two years, ; thero were 153 suicides of Protestants per million, j 51 of Israelites, and only 47 of Catholics, per mil- ! lion of each. Suicidcs are much more numerous j in capital cities that in the country. Tho general ! result of all theso investigations shows a universal and rapid increase of suicidcs. Will Water Burn ? — Tho New l'urh Tribune [ has the following account of a strange problem : — j Mr. William E. Hagan, an educated and practical chemist, of Troy, Now York, liaB for some years been at work on the problem ; and his success is embodied in a new process which may bo seen in operation in an ordinary parlor stovo in tho rear of tho Market Bank, No. 82 Nassau street, and in a furnace stovo No. 494 Broadway, 'iho water, contained in a boiler on tho top of the stovo or furnace, is supplied daily. Au ordinary stove will consume from threo to four gallons por day ; and this is convoyed through a pipo on tho inner surface of the stovo, but avoiding direct contact with tho ccal, or othor fuel, till it is omitted, in tho form of super-licated steam, at tho bottom of tho fire, whero it is decomposed by tho contact into hydrogen and carbonic acid gas, which instantly combine afresh, producing car bonic oxido, which undergoes a still further com bination or combustion on being presented to tlio air, with a large developement of the caloric or heat at each successive stage or combination. Mr Hagan, of courso, does not pretend to dispense with carbon or fuel by his invention, but to economise its uso to tho last degree. In other words, instead of allowing half tho carbon to escape in tho form of carbonic acid, ho consumes it entirely, leaving nothing to cscapo as smoke but water, and perhaps a littlo ammonia. Ho thus reduces the consumption of carbon or coal oue-hal , while maintaining u moro temperate and equable combustion with a steadier and moro healthful hoa . Tho atmosphere of apartments or houses heated y his stoves or furnaces is moro bland and summci Iiko than any other process of combustion can sup ply. And, as the process is by no means pensive' — adding, perhaps, one-third to tlio cost c.».v stove, and one-tenth to that of a furnace— wo predict for his invention a rapid and general adoption... 