NOTES AND NEWS. Messrs. Bartine and Cushla have inaugu- rated at Crawford's Horse Bazaar an enter- tainment of a most novel and startling cha- racter. Whether we consider the extraor- dinary results produced by mechanical effects and optical illusions, which constitute the department of Herr Cushla or the amazing physical strength and agility of Bartine, we equally confess the general cha- racter of the performance is cal- culated to interest all conditions and ages of our population. ' Left Tableaux Vivants. ' by Cnslila and Company, realised the perfection of Classic Statuary, with the important improvement of real life in place of cold inanimate mar ble. Mr. CushU is an Apollo in form, and previous to coming to Australia was consi dered the handsomest fiprnre in England of those engaged iu rendering these pout plotliqua. He was first introduced into this country by Mr. Coppin, who never yet blundered in catering for the public taste for amusements. Mr. Bartine is au American, ud in earlier days we have witnessed his performances in ilia native city of Philadelphia, where, when qaite a boy, be astonished tbe population of the ' City of Brotherly Lam ' by his exSra-trainaxy (nrfonaa- ioea on tbe alack rope. We are not surprised now. to find him boldlj launching out in a strange land, on his own account, instead of continuing to 'play second fiddle' to talent far inferior to his own. The attendance for the last two niplits has been very fair, and we d'mbt not will continue to improve as the fame of this extraordinary company gets noised abroad. Some fourteen tableaux were ex bibited, inclusive of the ghost, scene, which has associated with it such an iutenoely su pernatural impression, that it certainly me. rite special notice. We do not pretend to account for the cause of the effect, but we have reason t-- believe that a inidaight ramble through a churchyard «fter a sight of Cusbla's ghost, would be an undertaking excessively trying to weak nerves. The tiling has no substantiality in it 1 It stands out in bold relief from the background of the stage a motionless, ghastly figure, with a face like tbe face of tbe dead, and shrou ded, as it .were, in the cerements of tbe grave. Alas! poor ghost! It has 'no speculation in its eyes;'' it is transparent, and this mates the Ulasion perfect. A fe male figure takes np a position behind it and gracefully manipulates, as if endeavo ring to exorcise tbe ghost, which, however, obstinately persists in standing its ground. Bight through ghost and all this figure appears mysteriously developed, surrounded, seemingly, by a dim su pernatural haze. The Ghost was loudly applauded, for the purpose, we suppose, of encouraging it to appear every night, which we understand it has consented to do. 'Angels and ministers of grace defend us!' The remaining tableaux wen excel lently rendered, especially ' the first fratri cide,' which was, perhaps, tbe most effec tive of all, although bat two figures are ne cessary to its subject. Bartme's several performances were equally remarkable. His grace and daring on liiecordecolaaie or slack rope, excited the intense interest of all present, bnt when he walked the ceiling with as. much confidence as if the centre of gravity were in the moon, there were lew present who did not shudder when they reflected upon what might be the resolt. ' His dosing performance on the 'Flying Tra- peze.' is too great and wonderful a. novelty for us to describe. We can only advise .every ope who possibly can, to see and jo3ga «ir thomselmr of the marreiions merit and taordty of the performances of Messrs. Hen- Cnshla and Bartine. A BOBCH of seals anil keys, evidently the appurtenances of some one's watch . gnard. have been picked up in tbs office of the Forth Aiutralion. Any one claiming the same can regain possession bj firing a description answering to the lost articles, to Mr Suit of thU paper, in whose posses sion they now «re. As it is now an established fact that the climate and soil of Queensland are admi- rably adapted for the growth and cultiva- tion of sugar, and as the Government offer to lease, on advantageous terms, large tracts of land for this purpose, it becomes a ques- tion worthy of consideration as to the best means to promote this object, for the pur- pose of bringing public and private re- venue into the colony. There are very few people in Queensland, or for that matter in Australia, who have the faintest idea con- cerning the cultivation of sugar. Ever since the emancipation of the slaves in the British Empire, in the year 1833, the British West Indies—previously ranking among the richest dependencies of Great Britain, have done little or nothing in con- tributing to the British revenue. They have had to vie with the slave labor of the Southern portion of the Confederate States, and so forlorn, latterly, have become their sugar growing prospects, that within three or four years a petition was forwar- ded through a deputation from the Island of Jamaica, praying the Imperial Parliament, for the reasons already stated, to reduce the duty on the importation of sugar, and set- ting forth the immense advantages enjoyed by the planters of Louisiana, owing to the slave system there prevailing. It is there- fore evident that, in the island named, there must be many men thoroughly conversant with this, to us, very important branch of agriculture, who are at present out of em- ployment, and who, probably would rejoice to accept an advantageous offer to settle in Queensland. We see no obstacle to the for- mation of a sugar growing company, with a capital say of £10,000—fully equal to the purchase of all necessary machinery—who would lease on the nominal terms proposed by Government, some hundreds of acres of land, and make overtures to some West In- dians, whose experience and recommenda- tions would relieve the company of all anx- iety, and ensure success at the same time. THE letter of Mr. A. Fitzgihbon, in reply to Bishop Quinn, was only received at this office on Monday, October 31st, and was published in onr issue of the following day. We trust Mr. Fitzgibbon will now be able to ' account for its non-appearance ' in our previous issue. Toe usual weekly meeting of the Brisbane Volnnteer Fire Brigade No. 1 was held on Tuesday night lasl, at the Company's En gine-bouse. The increased draft of the company to the number of 38. is progress ing most favorably. Eighteen members were present nn the occasion, mid five new members were proposed and -voted in. Mr. Trnndle, agent for the Queensland Insurance Company, was present, and advocated, with justice, the prior claims of that company to the services of that brigade, inasmuch as they alone of all tbe Insurance Companies contributed to the support of tbe brigade, by a handsome donation. Growing out of the disenssion was the following resolution. which was put and earned unanimously : — ' That, while this brigade is mainly sup ported (as at present) by the Queensland Josnrance Oompauy,-4t*«hmll 4w considered a duty, in the event of a conflagration, to endeavor to save property insured in that company iu preference to that insnred in any other office.' The resolution speaks for itself. Here are a body of men banded together for the noble and disinterested object of saving life and property, without any hope of emolument or reward, and at great personal inconvenience and hazard. We are really surprised that the various Insurance Companies have not long since seen how much it would prove to their advantage to give a liberal support tn tbe Fire Brigade movement. At present this company is the only barrier to the capricious and disastrous effects of confla gration, and yet they are suffered to go on in their own quiet, disinterested way. and with the exception of the Queensland Com pany, no material lid or recognition has yet been accorded them from the Insurance offices. The resolution, as passed, is just aud proper. On Thursday. October 6th, the tenders advertised for by tlie Parliamentary Build ings Commission, nrcre opened, aud an uudcrstauding prevailed that the result would be made known by the . Department of Lands and Works, iu three dayt after! We believe that Mr. Ellerker's design was approved of, and that Mr. Beaucliamp's tender was recommended. The Commission advised that an architect wbo had no per sonal stake or interest in the matter should be eniDloved to iud-re how far these r*lans. ss recommended, were accepted. Aad now, November 3rd is here, and not a word has been uttered in accordance with promise, to satisfy the public mind as to the issue. Why this delay ? A minister's word is recognised as his bond, and yet the delay of a. month has uot realised a three days promise. A daily journal, published in Brisbane. October 15, stated that these public works would be proceeded with at once, but nevertheless, ' mom's the word,' and all parties con cerned are in total ignorance as to the why and wherefore of the delay. No wonder that we are asked, day after day, rcspectiuc tlie ultimate decision aud the seemingly vacillating policy which leaves the public in doubt on a snbject of general interest. A-s entartain-ieitt wms Riven some weak* since by the Campbell Minstrels, in aid of the Citizens' Voiuutcer Fire Brigade. Tlie weather being inclement the proceeds were small-(25s. only), but the Ministrels have kept their word, and forwarded the amount to tbe brigade (since defunct), and the saute his been handed over by Mr. Fairfax to the treasurer of the Brisbane Hopital, in aid of the funds of that institution. Tbe benefit of Messrs. Templeton and Howson, of the Campbell Minstrels, was very well attended last night at the School of Arts, and tbe performance was every thing that could be desired. In fact it was unu-flallr good. Mr. Mason, of the Victoria Hotel, well and favorably known as a first rate musician, presided at the pianoforte, and other volunteer talent combined with the Minstrels to make tbe entertainment pass off most successfully. Toe members of the Brisbane Lodges of the Ancient Order of Foresters with a select number of friends, sat down to a sumptuous dinner on Tuesdav eveuing last at the British Empire Hotel. George-street. The room in which the repast was served -was tastefully decorated, and every arrange ment made for the comfort and convenience of the guests. The repast itself (supplied by the worth; landlord of the hotel Mr' Cummins), was *U.-hat could be desired, consisting of the best viands the season could afford, and was duly appreciated and enjoyed by the company. Upon tbe re moval of the cloth the usual loyal toasts were given and cordially responded toby the company. Mr. Heal, of the Prince Con sort Hotel, Fortitude Valley, replied to the toast of 'Prosperity to the Forester's Society.' in a well arranged speech. Several other toasts were proposed aud happily re spoaded to, when the social party (nnm bering about -5) in song, wit, and senti ment until the ' wee small hours of morn,' when they separated, mutually satisfied with each other, and impressed with the successful effort of Mr. Cummins to make everything pus off satisfactorily. - Dome Habtick's Ibos Plite. — On the western coast of Australia, between 25 deg. 30 min. and 26 deg. 10 min., south latitude, a long narrow island juts out. in a direction from south to north, from the pro montory that forms the south-western limit of that southern iplet of Shark's. J$»j, .known, as De Freycinet's Barbour. This inlet was named after . the ' Dutch ?navigator who first -discovered it, in the year 1616, Dirdc ' Hartiek's Island. It was on theasth October of that year, that the old Dutch skipper, «n board his good ship, die Eeindraoht, dropped anchor in Shark's Bay, when he remained a couple of days. During the time of his stay, Direk Hartickcansed a record of the event to be rudely carved upon a plate of iron. ' The inscription, which was coached in Dutch, was to the following . effect :— *? The -25th day of October, 1616. the Eeindraeht, of Am sterdam, anchored in these waters. Cap tain Dirck Hartick. of Amsterdam.'' The plate of iron wearing this, inscription was deposited on a particular spot on the island. More thaneightyvcsrs afterwards, another Dutch navigator, Wilhem Ulaming or Vlamiug arrived in Shark Bay, in com mand of the ship Geeviuek of Amsterdam. Wilbem sought and discovered the iron plate left : by hit predecessor Oirck on the island, and added » second inscription, racordmg his own arrival : this in scription likewise in Dutch, bore tSie following sense -—'In this b^y came to anchor the ship Geevinek. «f Am sterdam,-3aptain Wilbem Wlamb-g van Wliev tandt, the 4th day of February, 1697.' Up wards of ? a century later, in the year 1601, thto French jpea- Oaptain Bauflin, who :iiad been sent by Napoleon the First to explore the Austral ocean, arrived in Shark's Bay, and having knowledgeof the iron plate witb the inscriptions of Hartick «nd Wiaming, he caused * Bearch to be matin for it, which nsalted iaiti discovery. Inttaa-t, bwerer, of appropriately adding a, French insorip &?& 1ho» Of the two eld Patch navigators, and then once more depositing in its resting place in Australian eirth this interesting raonumeutof the early maritime explorations or tlie Australian continent, the thieving Gaul carried off the archaeo logical treasure to adorn a museum on tbe banks of the Seine, where it is to be secnat the present day. 