THE THEATBE ROYAL. Last evening " Hamlet" was placed on the slago before a more numerous audience than lias yet patronized Mr Dillon's company. There was a crowded pit, and a very respectable attendance iu the dresB circle. The improved state of ilie weather was favorable to the occasion. The public expect 1- tion of a great performance was not disappointed, and Mr Dillon fully sustained the reputation of b; ing the best exponent of 'Hamlet' that has appeared here for some years. We regret that want bf space prevents our doing critical justice to the merits of Mr Dillon by a lengthened notice: suffice it to say that tbe performance was very successful. Mr l)dlon was called before tbe curtain two or three times; and at the conclusion of the play Mr F. C Appleton, who was cast for Laertes, also received that honor. Mrs Dillon's Ophelia was very much applauded. Mrs Harward as the Queen, Mr Milne as Polonies, Mr Fredericks as the Ghost, aud tlie uthcr members of the company, are entitled to approving notice. The - Wandering Ministrel" was the afterpiece. This evening, the " Artist of Florence" will be performed, with "Don Cassar de Bazan" for Hie iifttrpicce. ACCIDENT.—The Cobre brought up a little boy between two and three years old, named Morris llussell, who liad been seriously burnt at Glacier's B»y. The infant sufierer was conveyed to the hospital; but from^the aerious nature of the injuries sustained, but little hope is entertained of liis recovery. RULB ASSOCIATION.—A match at 400, 600, and rt BavC?» ^ T m ^ S ^ V ^ t t former will be represented by _Messrs Kirmau, Lovett, Hammond, Solly, Harris, Warner, McGiath, Roblin and Hudsonthe latter by Messrs D. Iairts, Willis, Greig, 3. C. Pratt, Evans,McPher»on.Sbeehy, Chapman, Merger and Pearce. AJ in the match four small-bore rifles will he used oa either ride, some superior sliMtlog will doubtless be made. : THE KNOUT,—"The knout," he said, ".had a shorunassire handle, and a heavy leather lash, about eight feet long. It resembled ttune tremendous whips with which the Cossacks of the Ukraine, when they hare brought a wolf to bay, can kill him at a single blow. Tbe lash was formed of leather, so as to give two sharp edges alongits whole length, and sometimes bound with wire thread; the end terminated in a little iron hook. It had no handle, but one end was supple, so that the executioner could wind it round his wrist. At every blow, the sharp edges of the stiffcurred lash fell on the criminal's back, and cut him as with eight yards of a pliant double- edged sword. The executioner, subtle in his cruelty, had learnt not to roughly withdraw, tbe lash, but ti draw it towards him, so as to remove long flaky bands of flesh, the hook being devised with devilish ingenuity for this detestable purpose. The lash was also purposely Jong, so that it lapped round the body, ani cut deep into the chest, at the same time that it destroyed the whole of the back. Indeed, to tell you the frank truth, my dear sir, it was well known that the executioner could, if lie choBe. kill ahy man, at one blow of the kuout, by liapping him round the lungs and heart; but as the ' Bourieau' was generally bribed, he seldom put forth his whole force. When the knout was honestly used, the criminal, if he survived the first blow, usually fainted at the third, and 'died about the fifth. A ukase of Peter tlie Great, fixed the maximum of blows at 101 (we Russians hare a superstitious respect for odd numbers); but whether the knout became heavier, pr we become more effeminate, Jtlie 101 blows—which, of course, implied death—were never given in the Emperor Nicholas'6 time."—' All the Year Bound.' THE PARIS CALCESFT.—" Since the day," saye the ' Figaro-Programme.'" when the last of the Sansons was able, as he so philosophically expresses it, to give himself the satisfaction of really washing his hands and writing his memoirs, the executimer in Paris has been M. Hendereich, who resides in a handsome house on the Boulevard Bcaumarcbais. The person who lives on the same floor with him is the actor L.ferriere, who salutes Iiie neighbor on the stairs, thinking him B private citizen. M. Hendereich has living with him a youth of 15, whom he is having educated atone of the colleges. The lad calls M. Hendereich his uncle, and is not aware that the latter is an executioner. The youth is also ignorant that lie himself is the son of a condemned prisoner, and that he was taken care of from charity by the man who had been charged to execute his father." Very kind of the 'Figaro' thus to enlighten these unsuspecting persons. NOTES.—A false gem—A strafa-gem. Open to conviction—A criminal at the Assizes, Woman's mission—To get a husband as soon as soon as possible. To tbe advocate of the early-closing movement—Shut up ! Needlework—The work performed by tlie mariner's compass. Robbery from the person—Stealing a kiss from ayoung iady. The worst sell of all—Tlie condemned cell at Newgate. 