FRIGHTENED BY A GHOST—DEPLOR ABLE DEATH OF A YOUNG WOMAN. Oa the 23rd of February Mr. H. Baffles Walthew, Deputy-coroner, held an inquest at the White Hart Tavern, Kingsland-road, touching the death of a young waman named Priscilla May, aged 19 years, who lost her life through the practical joke of a servant in dressing up as a ghost. Mr. B. May, a tradesman carrying on business at No. 145, Kingsland-road, said that deceased, his daughter, was-a dressmaker. She waa' in. perfect health when about four months ago she went to Mr, Blyth's house, in Hyde Park Hardens, to do some work. She returned three days afterwards looking seriously affected 'in health. She could hardly breathe. Her nostrils were greatly distended* and were plugged. She said that she had been terribly frightened the night before. As she was going up stairs with the governess and the servant, past the bathroom, the door of the latter was seen to be open. She asked the servant to close the door, and the latter was going to do so, when something all in white threw the door wide open and appeared from the darkness. She said that she instantly fell back soream ing into the arms of tbe governess. Blood gushed from her nostrils, and she was carried down stairs insensible. A doctor was sent for, and the servants remained up with her all night. It appeared that the apparition in white was a servant, who dressed herself all in white in a practical joke. Deceased never recovered from the shock. . She lost her appetite* and her mind became affected. She gradually sank, and she died on the 19th inst. Sophia Sturgeon said that she was a servant in the employ of a gentleman, residing at 30, Upper Hyde park gardens, Bayswater. On the night in question witness was preceding Miss Clarke, the governess, and deceased up stairs, when she heard a supernatural scream to imitate a "ghost." Deceased gave a scream—like a laugh—and fell. Witness believed she fell upon the stairs. Deceased had been bleeding from the nose during the day. A doctor was sent for. Witness said that Emma Frisley, the nursery governess, came to the door of the bath-room in her white night-dress as a joke. Witness would swear none of the other servants were in the secret Emma Frisley, nursery governess, Baid that she made her appearance in white merely to frighten the persons going up stairs. The other servants knew nothing of her intention. She told deceased that she was very sorry that she had so seriously frightened her. The whole affair was a frolic out of her own head. Mr; Waller said that from what could be ascer tained the " ghost" was not prearranged by the other servants. Mr. A. Catterwood, surgeon, said that he was called in to deceased* and found her suffering from loss of blood, from nausea, sleeplessness, and want of appetite. Latterly she became affected in her mind. She would not look at witness, nor answer when spoken to. He believed she died from an obscure affection of the brain, conjoined with hysteria. Her death was decidedly accelerated by the fright. The Coroner said that.the fact of dressing up as a ghost was very foolish and very dangerous. In several cases it produced idiocy, and in the preseat instance it caused death. It was but right to con sider, however, that the young woman who caused the mischief did not iutend anything serious, and that she was evidently sincerely sorry for her folly. No doubt this case, would act as a warning to young persons, and in that way do a public good. The jury returned a verdict of death from obscure disease of the brain and hysteria, accelerated by a fright, and that her%aid death was caused by miafor tune. -Dispatch. A Smile.—Little Daisy's mamma was trying to explain to her the meaning of a smile. " Oh, yes! I know," said the child, " it is a whisper of a laugh." The latest style of hoop-skirts is the self-adjusting, double-back-action, bustle-etruscan, face-expansion, Piccolomini-attachment, gossamer- indestructible, po locticomoram. It is said to be a very charming thing. 