MR. PUNCH'S PROPHETIC ALMANAC FOR 1864. THE element of prophecy seems to be so completely excluded from the composition, of all Victorian Almanacs for this year that Air. PUNCH has thought proper to supply the deficicncy with a little soothsaying arrangement of his own. During the Annus Mirabilis upon which we have now entered there will be wars and disturbances; and if a bombshell should drop on the roof of the Model Schoolrooms we may look out for squalls. Should a star fall from the sky after sunset, important events are likely to follow; but, on the other hand, if the moon should at times Io»k larger than usual, there may be, after all, nothing in it. Whenever Mars turns particularly red, it might be as well for the volunteers to be ready ; and if Venus is seen about very early iu the morning, the probability will be that she has not been to bed at all. JANUARY will be characterised by a seasonable prevalence of ice—twopence a pound to consumers. Storms will appear, and umbrellas go up. Public meeting at the end of this month to consider the propriety of acclimatising Air. SAXBV, and making him clerk of our colonial weather, with a handsome salary. A new candidate will be proposed for the Melbourne Cricket Club, and will be black- balled for not parting his hair in the middle. Parliament will assemble, and a lot of Scotch people and Irish, persons will fall out, and Englishmen will consequently get tlieir due. FEBRUARY will have extended opportunities as usual in leapyear, and if the sun should enter the sign Aries nobody ought to be surprised at the appearance of several Confederate Rams in Hobson's Bay. Some time this mouth a liot wind will blow from a northerly direction, and the BURKE and WILLS monument, after being moved fifteen times, will tumble to pieces and pass from recollection. A subscription will be set on foot for the relief of wounded cricketers. An earthquake will be felt in Melbourne, especially on Batman's Hill, and all the unsold land in the colony will remain in a troullei condition. A total eclipse of the sun will t;ike place about eleven at night towards the end of the month, and will last till day-break. MARCH.—This month will exhibit much changeable weather ; and if the pin net Mercury should decline, the public will not act unwisely in carefully observing the quicksilver in their thermometers. Should Saturn display his ring with any special distinctness, there might be a probability of a prize tight. A great deal of dust will be obtainable this month, and if the ancient market value of March dust still prevails in England, it might be worth collecting to ship home, . APRIL will be remarkable for its favoring, in a most signal manner, every phase of foolish proclivity. Somewhere about the first of this mouth a man of notorious and accepted sagacity will be suddenly-made a fool of. A special Victorian cricketer, just going into practice for the next year's intercolonial tournament, will be bowled out at drinking brandy and water, and handed over to the authorities. Mr. Justice BARRY will sit upon a great oyster case, and direct that the city and officers should joyfully possess themselves of the shells ; and J. B. will say all this merely for the purpose of giving a sensation judgment. MAY.—The month of May, so vulgarly mixed up by new-chummy English people with thorn-blossoms and sweeps, may be perilous. King WILLIAM THOMPSON will land at Sandridge railway pier as a New Zealand refugee, and will take ten bob a week to grow potatoes for the British conqueror. JUNE.—If the planet Herschel should be observed to Bhme with a pea green tint at the first of this month, it is just possible that ingenious gardeners might have a late crop of scarlet runners, and imagine a connection between the two circumstances which are simply concurrent. Air. SAXBY will be lurking about during this month, and must be looked after. , . . , JULY—Will be characterised by the appearance of a tremendous enemy. If any confidence is to be reposed in our astrological tip, the EMPEROR of RUSSIA will combine with ABRAHAM LINCOLN to buy up the " Great Eastern,'' put a wrapping of ten-inch plate about the ship's carcase, and run her into Hobson's Bay on speculation. A dissolution of Parliament will occur about this time, and the people of Victoria will return a lot of Welshmen as representatives, just to show that they have no national prejudices, but like a change. AUGUST. — During this month there will be a commercial failure of some, importance, and a nugget of unusual magnitude will be heard of. Bushrangers, who have led a precarious existence in Victoria will go over to the Sydney colony and enrich themselves. A merchant, who owes twenty thousand pounds, will propose to pay his creditors one-fourth of the amount, and keep the difference to go on with ; and the creditors will be so charmed with his audacity as to make no objection. SEPTEMBER.—Some time during this month there will be an eclipse of the sun or moon, which wont be visible in these parts, and a change of the Victorian ministry, which will not be observable in the northern hemisphere. Pepper's ghost will arrive by Wigram's new steampr, and be brought to town without any charge by the Hobson's Bay Railway Company upon condition that it gratuitously frightens the poor children of Melbourne, who cannot afford to pay sixpence to he scientifically alarmed. OCTOBER will witness the introduction of the boa constrictors sent for by Sir CHARLES DARLING, four new machines for the Argm, and the seventeenth Land Bill. Another of Air. SAXBY'S floods will visit Melbourne, and several members of the city corporation will be drowned in Elizabeth-street, after which the deluge will happily subside Colonial wine will be sold at sixpence a pint, and nobody will get drunk, and Mr. SoiiiBR will have no new murderer among his waxworks. . . . . NOVEMBER—'The survivors of the American war mil arrive in three ships. JOHN THOMAS knighted about this time. Live salmon brought from Em>land in a washing tub. Sea serpent caught in Hobson'sBay, but unfortunately let go again; sketch of the incident in illustrated monthly papers. Meteor bursts over Melbourne, and the fragments carted 'away to the University museum. Trial of the Provident Institute Directors concluded at last, and general thankfulness in consequence. , DECEA1BER.—Another change of Ministry, and a new .Land Bill. CARDINAL WISEMAN and Mr. SPCRGEON arrive by the " Great Eastern." General CAMERON gains his iiffc.y-sixth victory over the Maoris Hot winds and .dust stoi ins, and the Y;ui Yean turned off, as usual. Big lump of gold found at the bottom of a crucible. Forty-four English cricketers conie out overland ; and Mr. PUNCH'S new steam-press, made to print ten thousand an hour, works beautifully. 