BISHOP GOLENSO'S DEPOSITION AT AUBITZ« BUBO. ' (From the Mari'zbnro. Oottaspondent of the Natal J/i.'cu'V.) : At the Cathedral, on Sunday morning IBBI, tho Very Kev. the Dam read oaf; after the, Nlaeno Creed the ?entenoo of deposition pronounced against Bishop Colenso by the BlBbop of GapoTowD, inooaordtnoo with tbo judgment of bil court. No persons left tho obarob, nor was there the slightest disturbance of any hind, although some ¿Istreisad focos spoke, volâmes. Ia tho form before tbe sermon Ibo words tnadn use of wero : " Mora especially, I bid you proy for John William, late Ziord Bishop of this diocese." Tho Dean aeleoted for bis toxi Psalm ZIT,, 8, Friyer Book vrsion. Towards the OIOBB of his dlsoonrse the preaober tpoko aa follows : " There are two pointe OD wbioh I wish most portion» lally lo dwell on Ibis most painful day. " I.- That maoy say that round a bishop of (bs Ohaioh Boeruea earthly dlgniiy and temporal rank and posti- lions, and that the civil power cany see flt to prosorve all theta to bim, when aontenoa of dopotilion by the Charon bat bsen to-day road. \- .> My brethren, I would most earaostly ' priy every member of the Obarob not to be troubled in tblt respeo'. Whatever earthly rigbta and postassions any man m ty have ia any country, iven. if tbey arise originally from the gift of tba Obucob, the judges of that land are the solo judges of; tba Christian ls bound to obedience. The Bible inetruota us in diatinotiooe. . , , So we may ba forbidden, for tba salvation of our aoala, to bold oommunion in religious worship wi'h one to whom tho eouria of the realm moy require us to render eaitbly possessions. " Wbilat we look to the Crois with that hefore oar eyes, we must ever be prepared to And tho judgment of the woild at variance with that of tba Ohuroh ¡ thankful when they are one we mast be, but cot dismayed when they differ-we may need o:rrootion. It is written, "Pat not your trust in P,iuaes," ¿nd jet it cannot bo denied but that the BogliBh Charob has noonatomad herself to trust muon to the support of the State of England, lt may be tbat Almighty God, by allowing tba frequent diffcrenooi wbiob now oooar between the deoltions ot the Cbaroh and tho Couria of Ibo Benlm, woold lead UB baoli to look to that authority wbiob Christ his implanted in His Cburob, and wbioh ia BUS. tainod by tba Holy Gtoit, but. Wbiob our weak spirits are so apt to overlook, and to doeire rather to walk by 'eight, to bo supported by the arm of tbe Hieb. "To tho world our lord deolsred Ho apaho lo parable!, but to the Church revealed tho truth, Upon ber He bestowed the Holy Ghost, to bring to her re- mémbranos all things that Ho had said unto her. As Moioo aili1,1 Your murmurings ara not against na. bat against the Lord ;' so moat we remember that St. Peter sail to Ananias, 'Taou batt not Hod noto men, but nato God,'for that be waa God's minister; and Christ bad gild, 'Hs that boaroth yoa be;rjtb Me: bo thal deipiseth yon desplaeth Me ;' tbereforo we must listen to tbe Ohuroh in oil thtt oonoeroa tho will of God, ia all that relates to tba Holy Stortments, to tho duly and reannor ol praying, to the study of and belief in Ihe Holy Bible. The Jadgoa of the lind receive their authority from the Crown- they odmlniiter justioo In the nemo of the Qaecn, not of Christ ; bat oor Tjord bee boand'ns to oboy them, and to bbey oheerfully, even ' If it give pain or impose difficulties. ' -" The Ohuroh is concerned with man's eternal in- terests, when any qiestion tonohlng them is at issue. We ought never lo withdraw onr thoughts from them to ' think of perishing temporal m ter os ts ; if we do, sash is I oar weikneos that they will oomo liko a Ulm before our eyes-we shall magnify tbat wbioh la but for aa hoar against the things of eternity. I "Remember that thoOburoh has regard lo things: 1.' The troth BB i' is In Jems ; 3. Toe eorreolion ol souls. The ooutts ol the realm do not undertake these boly tasks, but to pioteot ov:ry subjoat of tba Crown in tbs possession of blB temporil lights. Pursuing different ends in the esme oase, the two Courts will not only often seem lo overlap, bul may jar ; but if the Cburob is really in earnest la tbe dfsoharge of that wbiob ia fair asolgnud task, aha oin leam to b ar with meek- ness temporal Inoonvonlenoo and temporal loo». " Tbii hive I said in warning becaute the world around aa magnifies earthly things, forgetting spiritual IhlogB; to th elatter we must take heed, and not regard tba lormer, ."Very briefly I will refer to the sooond point. Men are apt to speak of tba abilities and taloon of Ibosa who engage ia religious onntroveriy, yet Christians shoa'd shrink with fear from BO doing; tbo knowledge of Ibo Irulh, the spreading of Ihe truth, tho upholding of ff, is tba work of tho Holy Ghost, SI. Paul dlalinolly says, 1 Oor., I, 37. 38, 30, , Ii-, arned beyond all other bodies will the Ohuroh evor b«) for knowl dje, wisdom, oonnsel, sod< understanding, -II» gifts of tba Holy Ghost; bat they matt bs received aa greoei, and belog gifts we cannot glory in them, Moats waa learned in all tba learning of tba Egyptian!i ; but ba rested not on that I be appealed not to bli talents aa a statesmen, but to the angel ol God'rf présenos with bim. St. Pani wu htought up at the ft ot of Gunilla), but be wis oonlant tossy, 'By tho guea of God I am «bot I em.' Doubla «nd .divisions will ever abound ;,for some sro ever lealnlnr, and never ebie lo come to the knowlodge of the truth, oltcn ire led away by e?ary wind ot dooirioe, bo» if ( 0 would walk »te »#V (tB'lj, bout no>, glory to', bnt remember bow it ii »1 Wv ' Them that »re mee* iball bo told» in jadgrremt, am* loob aa are «»nile, tarra abell be leam bia way,'" 