PLEURO-PNEUMONIA. Whether the terrible scourge which has lately visited Australian herds be or be not in reality contagious or infectious remains for tlie present an open Question, as those differ unon the subject who are best qualified to form correct judgments. All we can do is to collect and compare their opinions, trusting to time to elicit the truth, and gathering meanwhilo from their experience every possible hint for tbe pre« vention or cure of the complaint. Wo late'y published a letter from Mr. J. B. Hughes, a gentlemen who has devoted much attention to the breeding of stock, in which the belief is strongly asserted that the disease is not communicatablo in either of the modes referred to, and doubts are expressed as to the benefit to be Bt cured by inoculation. In con firmation ol his opinions Mr. Hughes after wards ecnt us an extract, which we immediately published, from the Victorian 1'lcuro-pneumonia Commissioners' report, in which it is recom mended that 1:0 legislative action bo taken on the subject, the retnlts of their experimenta having gone to establish that the complaint if neither infectious nor contsgious. They hare not yet reported upon the effect of inoculation, but are about to institute experiments for the purpose of testing its value. In diiect opposition to the opinion of Mr. J. B. Hughes on tho question of infection u that of a gentleman whose letter to Mr. H. T. Morris, Chief Inspector of Sheep, now lie* before in, having been obligingly placed at our disposal for publication. The writer, in tbe word* of Mr. Morrip, ' has unfortunately had considerable experience in tbe disease,' and we will leave him to speak for himself:— 'Melbourne, December}), 18W. ' My Dear Morrii^-1 regret that 1 had not time to answer your queries about pleuro before leaving Ailelaiilt!. There has been so much written on the subject that 1 shall only give you my own convic tions, ami if you want my reasonF for arriving at any conclusion I phall \tc happy to Rive them. ' I'leuro is highly infectious. 1 have watched its progress from its lirst importation by Bodle's tow. and am miite satisfied that it has been spreail by infection only. It tloes not necessarily follow that all cattle exposed to its Influence must take the tli^ase. 'A beast oiiiv infected never lecovers. A larw uruporiioii apparently do so. ami fatten rapidly, but when kih-l you will find a part of one or both Itnixs quite rotten, and separated by a stout tissue (in fact, completely walled in) from the healthy part; but this slight liarricr sooner or later ls absorlied or broken throuKh, the remaindei of the lumr is attacked, ami the lieast die*. '1 did not keep my herd long enough to lie able to state whether a l«ast inoculated while in thin dormant .static of the disease, or passing into it after inoculation, is liable to the second attack. 1 am unite satisfied that inoculation 1b a preventive, not .1 cure. 'I should recommend every one to use fresh matter taken from a brast from six to eighteen months old. Kill the beast when showing Btrong symptoms of the disease, and select the lighter coluiircd diseased portion of the lung, cut it up in small pieces, and press out the matter, vhicli if not wanted for immediate use should be put iu ounce phials anil sealed. 'The best way of inoculating is to pack the cattle !i a lane, cut a little of the hair otl close to the en I .if the tail, cut a small flap in the skin, and pour ..1 i.rush iu a few drops of the matter. You must lie careful not to go deeper than just through the s.1.111 of the tail. After inoculation the herd should be carefully watched, and if a tail stiffens the beast should be taken in and the dead part of the tail cut oil limd enough to diced freely. 'I should recommend a strict .supervision of the slauirhterhousctj, as the meat of a lieast killed in the active stages of the disease must l-e unwhole some ; but I do not think that there i« any objec tion to u»ing the meat of an animal killed when the beast has to ull appearance recovered from the disease as l»efore refencd to. '1 would also recommend that it should be made compulsoiy to inoculate all working bullocks travelling on the public roads. '.Self-interest will soon compel all owners of cattle to inoculate. If any of your friends have cattle, recommend them to inoculate as soon an the iiluuro appears within HO milcB of them. '1 do not think that the spread of the disease can be checked by any regulations, prohibitions, or inspections. The disease will linu its own way. Inoculation is the only preventive, and «el -Interest will cause its adoption; but the spread of the disea e by reckless bullock-diiving should be staved, and the sale of diseased meat, a good deal of which I have seen in your shops, should also le put a stop to. ' Yours truly, 'Uh'ah. W. Hughes.' With regard to inoculation, it will be seen that the two Messrs. Ilugliea are also in some degree at issue, ouo of them consideripg it a preventivp, and the other regarding it an being, if anything, a cure. They agree as nearly ai possible m to the mode of performing the operation, which is somewhat different from that laid down' in tho extract we lately made, from the North British Agriculturint . The whole of the questions involved are to important that wo shall be glad to receive further communications from any who are competent to take part in the discussion. It ought (0 be ascertained as soon as possible whether tho disease is an epidemic, or whether it is either infectious or con* tagious. It should also be ascertained whether inoculation is a preventive, and also whether (even in the way suggested by Mf. J B. Hugbee) it may ever act as a cure ; or whether, on tho other hand, Mr. C. W. Hughes is right in considering the disease incurable, And there is another question mooted by the last-named gentleman which ought to be finally set at rest, namely, how far the meat of an animal in reality affected by pleuro pneumonia, though to all outward appearance recovered from tho disease, may be aafely used as food. ItEPBUSKNTATios of Ejust Torrenb.— A meet ing has been called for this evening by His Worship the Mayor of Kensington and Norwood, to be held at the Town Hall, to consider the future re presentation of the District of East Torrens in the House of Assembly. A meeting for a similar pur pose has alsolwen convened to beheld thin evening at the Maid and Magpie Inn. Thk IUceh. -There was a very large attendance of visitors at the races on Thursday. The following horees were the winners :— Handicap, won by Mr. O. Adco;k's Tim WhiHIer; Shorts, won by Mr. J. Mullins's Quicksilver; Hurdles, won by the Hon. (J. C. Hawker's Comet; Trial Stakes, won by Mr. J. Filgate's Sultan. In the evening the entries for the liadies' Purse and the Stand Plate were declared at the Globe Inn. This day will be the lost of the Summer Meeting. Bntertainjknt in White's Boom. -The pre liminary announcement of an entertainment that will lie popular with a large class appears in this lay's paper. It will consist of several series of magnificent dissolving views, Including pictures of jome of the mist important places In the Holy Land. It is also intended to produce the often talked of but seldom seen ' ghost,' which has heretofore unwillingly and only in part obeyed the call of would-be wizards. We are Msured that in the present case it must and will come from 'the vasty deep,' and appear 'in form- ai palpable' as if Professor Pepper himself was present and performed the conjurations. The Circus.— This popular place of. amusement tontinues to be crowded every evening. The management wisely divenify the performance frequently, so that the most constant visitors jenerally see something new. with a great deal that is good, in every programme. Supreme Court.-Mt. Justice Boothby and Mr. Justice Gwynne will sit this morning to hear the resultfof the negotiations for a compromise in 5foung v. Frew snd Another. Adelaide Local Court. — At the Adelaide Local Court on Thursday several unsatisfied judg ments were disposed of in the usual way, two cases were struck out* one was settled out of Court, and in two ssmmonses for small amounts judgment was given for the plaintiff. Adelaide Police Court. - The sitting on Thursday was a brief one. A remanded charge of assault and battery, brought by a wife against her husband, resulted in the infliction of a fine of £1 upon the bitter, who was ordered to pay another £1 for costs. The other charge* presented nothing rorthy of record. Messrs. TowxsEfD, Bottinq, & Kay's Mabt. -The Auction Mart in King William-stecet occu pied by Messrs. Townsend, Bolting, &, Kay has recently undergone very extensive repairs. Among -ther improvements an entirely new stone front frith freestone quoins, has been erected, and the interior has been very neatly fitted np. These llterations have been so far complete? that the brmal opening of the Mart took place on Thurs lay, December 29. A champagne lunch was pre )jired, of which a number of the firm's customers, attracted to the place by businessmotives, partook. Speeches suited lo the occasion were made by Mi. Cownsend, Mr. Kay, Mr. Botting. Mr. Morgan, ind others, and as an appropriate accompaniment o the opening of the building- some Roods were iffered at auction. : Cereal Exports— The export of breadstuff* ' or the week ended 24 th December was— ,Vheat, L219 qrs. ; flour, G62} tons; barleyf 6Q qrs. ; mn and pollard, 157 tons ; oats, 80 qri, ' Dreadful Accident ok the Racecoubsr Oar readers will remember that, at the Jockey Club Steeplechase held in September last, the horse Ferryman fell at one of the leaps with his rider, a man named Hale, who received such severe injuries that he subsequently died. An accident of a similar nature occurred on Thursday during the second heat of the Hurdle Kace, in which the same horse fell with Gason in attempting the second leap. Gason was taken up insensible, and having been placed in the carriage of Mr. P. Leri was at once conveyed to the Stewards' room, where he was attended by Dr. Bayer. A severe injury was found by Dr. Bayer to have been sus tained in the back of the head, and the convulsive symptoms indicated that it was one of extreme danger. The unfortunate man was subsequently removed to the Hospital, where it was ascertained that internal bodily injuries had also been sus tained, and that the hopes of liis recovery were extremely faint Supposed Incexdiabism.— On Monday morning last a stack, containing about seven tons of hay, the property of Mr. Robert Quilty, near the Butchers' Arms, Mile-End, was destroyed by fire. The flames were discovered a short time before 4 o'clock a.m., and fortunately the wind was blowing so as to drive the fire from the valuable adjoining property. It is thought the haystack must have been set on lire wilfully by some evil-disposed person. New Musical Society.— The Upper Hullah Class at the Institute, under the tuition of Mr. Price has ventured, after an exceedingly prosperous elementary course, to aspire to a higher position. A fortnight ago, at the usual weekly meeting, a proposition was made to the effect that if the class were formed inte a Society many advantages would result. The members present Bhared in this opinion, and in consequence a Committee of six gentlemen was appointed to confer with the Board of Governors of the Institute relative to the pro posed change. On Thursday evening, December 29, Mr. T. W. Bee, the Secretary of the Com mittee, read a letter from the Secretary to the Board of Governors, announcing their hearty approval of the project. The class will in future be known as the Orpheus Society, but the mem bers will meet in the usual manner and for the same purposes as heretofore. The advantages resulting from the change are that the class will be placed on a more comprehensive bash, and no doubt many additional members will join who otherwise would have scrupled to have belonged to a class of apparently an elemental}' character The step is one in the right direction, and supplies Wesleyan.— A lecture in connection with the Adelaide Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Asso ciation will be delivered this evening in the lecture hall, Pirie-street, by the Rev. J. Watsford. The subject of the lecture is to be 'The Early closing Movement.' Society op Arts' Lecture.— The third of the series of Society of Arts' lectures will be delivered this evening in the Institute by the Rev. W. Harcus. who ha3 chosen for his subject 'Cursory Notes on some KnglUh Painters.'' In conse quence of an alteration in the original advertise ment we inadvertently stated 'yesterday that the lecture was to l-e delivered on Thursday uvenin;.'. Central Road Bo\ud Appropriation*.- -In another column we pui.lish the Estimates of the '.Superintending-Surveyors for the several districts under the control of the Ccntial Road Board having reference to the expenditure of £2,500 in each district. This amount-JClO.000 in all-forms the reserve fund of the sum at first voted by Parliament for the main road service; and the Surveyors' estimates will be taken into considera tion on Monday, January 9, the annual day of meeting of the Board. Society op Arts.— The Society's Exhibition was not honoured by a large attendance on Thurs day. The contributions of pictures and works of art for this, the eighth annual Exhibition, may compare, upon the whole, with any previous annual display, and may boast of some produc tions worthy of especial admiration. Mortuary Memorials.— We were misinformed as to the name of the builder of Father Lencioni's tomb. The wjrk was executed by Mr. McMullen, of Angas- street, not by Mr. Kellet ; and the design was supplied by Messrs. U. & E. Hamilton. The monument over the vault in which all that was mortal of the Rev. T. Q. Stow is buried was de signed and executed by Messra. English & Brown. The Fire is Ci'krie street.— An advertise ment in another part of this paper intimates that Mr. G. Barlow, of Rundle-street, has been in structed by the Superintendent of the Fire Brigade to pay the men whose names were taken for having assisted to extinguish the fire at the premises of Messrs. J. T. Church & Co. Prompt payment in all such cases is not only proper to the parties concerned, but politic as an inducement to useful exertion when similar casualties occur in future. Collision on the Bay-mud. -On Wednesday evening, one of Mr. IJounseveirs omnibuses came into collision with a cart, driven by a very young boy, near the Morphett Arms. The hoy's mother (Mrs. Dugard) was thrown out, and the wheel of the cart she was riding in grazed the side of her head and almost severed one of her ears. She was removed to Adelaide without delay, and Dr. Bayer there operated upon the auricle with his accus tomed skill, and saved, it is hoped, the wounded organ. Christchiirch Literary Association. —The half-yearly meeting of the Christcluireh Literary ssociation for the revision of the rules and elec tion of officers for the ensuing half- year was held in the schoolroom on Tuesday evening, December 27-the President, Mr. J. Bath, in the chair. The rules were read and revised, and it was decided that there should be a public elocution and de bating meeting the second Tuesday in every month instead of a public elocution meeting every two months as heretofore. Mr. J. Bath was unani mously re-elected as President. Messrs. C. MacDer mott and T. R. Nugent as Vice-Presidents, Mr. H. F. Leader was re- elected Treasurer, Mr. J. Mon teith as Secretary, and Messrs. C. J. Saunders and C. 8. Leader were elected as Auditors. Bazaar.— The bazaar in connection with the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, was continued on Thursday, December 29. The attendance was much larger than on the preceding days, espe rinllr in the eveninL'. In our notice of the ladies who presided at the stalls we inadvertently onntteu to mention Mrs. Rasehy, who performed the onerous duties of serving in the refreshment de partment We understand the gentleman who promised to supplement the sum* raised by a gift of like amount has doue so, conditionally upon JE100 being raised; and if a second £101) is col lected within two years that also will bo doubled by him. The bazaar will remain open this evening, and will be concluded to-morrow night. Cebistmas at Teatree Gully.— The ' lots of fun' at Teatree Gully, promised in the advertise ment for Monday, December 2ti, were duly supplied on that day. A considerable concourse of residents in the township and others from a distance assembled on the volunteer practice-ground, where all the sports common on such occasions were engaged in. The pastime which attracted the greatest interest was the shooting match, in which geese formed the target, and in which several of the feathered members of that tribe bit tbfl dust. Melbourne ffows Hall.— We observe from recent Victorian papers that the Melbourne City Council have awarded premiums of .£200 and XT-0 respectively for the first and second liest designs for a new Town Hall, the estimated cost of erect ing which is jC-ftlXM). Population. -The following passengers were reported at Port Adelaide for the week ended 24th December— Inwards— Mun, IKI; women, 127; boyi.36; girls, 13. Outwards-Men, 34; women. 14; boys, 3; girls, 5. Export of Cattle to New Zealand.— The three proclamations by the Superintendent of the Province of Otago, prohibiting, under the Diseased Cattle Act, the importation of cattle from Australia and Tasmania, have been re scinded, aid the trade is, of course, now open. Volunteer Force. -The total strength of the Volunteer Military Force on the 19th Deceml-er was :-A colonel, 1 lieutenant and sub-instructor, 3 driltfiistructors, 3 lieutenant- colonels, 3 majors, 1 caAain and adjutant, 34 captains, 44 lieute nantjl^ 5 surgeons, 1 veterinary-surgeon, 6 ser geant-majors. 1 farrier-major, 51 sergeants, 49 coi£»ralfl or bombardiers, 1,227 troopers, gunners, or|Hvates; total, 1,430. The Free Rifles consist of He captain, 1 lieutenant, 1 quartermaster, 1 ppjB&nt; 1 corporal. 32 privates; total, 3?. The BtrHSth of the Adelaide Regiment at tho date giJlikwas-1 lieutcuant -colone}, 2 majors, 9 cajttpb, 16 lieutenant*, 1 captain and adjutant, 2 /sfirgeons, 2 regimental sergeant-majors, 18 cafnpany sergeant-majors and sergeants, It] cor JKfoor bomliardiers, 1 company bugler, -US njltes; total. 48tf. «Ml9frWAY Traffic— The traffic on the South jinj&dian; Railways for the week ended December *ik2:— Port Line— Passengers 5.(533, fares £360 ft! ? floods. £450 8s. 7d. North Line-Passengers SjUqfforea £629 10s, 4d; goods, £1,175 9s. Total. fgjjjB 13s. lid. ? Ctj§TOMS Receipts.— The Customs receipts for lhe veek ended December 21 amounted to £5,267 jf^yAfcrKDA Temperance Festival. — A Corespondent writes:— 'On Monday, the Stith De EJmber, the Temperance Society held its festival Ig'rijg public schoolroom. The day was nearly all v3Lt could be desired, and being a holiday, the amends qf the cause mustered strong. The mem ysgrfoIlheBanuof Hope to tha number of about effi, headed 'by their fife and drum band, walked (gHwmgh the town, and afterwards sat down 'and ^jKadfl themselves quite at home in eating and saJinking the cake arid tea provided for them. The S Juveniles having satisfied themselves, the tables 33 were cleared and soon respread with a fresh supply sfof provisions prepared by the ladies for their adult *j friends. A public meeting was afterwards held, ^wben the place was crowded. Mr. Keallay. of *&Aggaston;, presided, and made some excellent ^remarks in favour of the temperance principle. t*f .The meeting was afterwards addressed, by Mr. Ljohn Williams (the teetotal lecturer), the Rev. LMr. Gibson, of Angaston, Messrs. W. Hf.wke, and stj). Nock, all of whom in an earnest and interesting sBmanner bore their testimony to the value of the Wtotal abstinence principle. Dnnng the evening ?there were several recitations given in an admirable ? manner by members of the Band of Hope. The ? nib aqd drum band also played several lively airs I fit^nfervals. With the exception of a slight mter I raptlqh'frqinam'an, who. it appeared, was under f th? influence of liquor, the whole of the proceed/ logs passed, off in ft very pleasant manner,'' 