PICKINGS FROM MELBOURNE PUNCH. opera in dunedin. The charm of variety must surely have been experienced during the performance of " La Sonnambula " at the Princess's Theatre in that city of the " old identities," about a fortnight ago, for says the Otaao Times, of the 9th in- stant : — . " fLa Sonnambula ' was nicely produced. It acts well, though with a farce-like breadth at times. A few songs r other than those indicated were introduced, as were also a few snatches of chorus; and the orchestra pleasantly suggested some of tbe leading airs which were not sung. Altogether, 1 The Sonnambulist ' was a success." . Mr Punch wonders whether Bellini's; ghost was of the same opinion as the critic of the Times. Old Saws Re-set.— Old.— Pious poverty is 'better than poor piety. New;— Pious pros perity is (far) better than pious poverty. Old.: — The softer the head, the harder to drive any thing into it. New.— The head must be very soft indeed to allow any one to drive any thing into it. < Old.— Strive to elevate yourselves — but never by pulling others down. New. — If you permit yourselves to be elevated, you will most likely get pulled up. Old. — It is as bad to carry the spirit of peace in to war as viceversa. New. — Don't carry spirits at all, or you may- get more than you can carry. Quite Convalescent. — An Irish friend of ours who has just recovered from a fever said he should not like another " favor " of the kind. Frequent Denouement in the Drama of Life. — A drop scene — and the principal actor left in a state of suspense. . Building and Repairing of Schools. — A petition of which the following extract is a suffi cient explanation has been adopted by the Church of England authorities for signature, and presentation to the Legislature by residents in those districts to which the case may apply 1\. That by XVII. clause of the Common School Act, it is enacted that no aid can be given out of tho Public Revenue for the Building or Re pairing of any School which is not vested in the Board of Education. 2. That this clause seems to your -petitioners to be unjust and unwise.- (1) It seems unjust, that in places where the in habitants are earnest in the matter of Building Schools, no assistance should be rendered to them, towards the building of Schools, to be vested in trustees, under trusts which the Com mon Schools Act recognises. (2) It seems un wise to foster centralization in the management of any public institutions ; such centralization having been generally found injurious to civil and religious liberty. Your petitioners, there fore, pray that your Honourable House will be pleased to take the premises into your considera tion, and so to alter the Common Schools Act, as to place Schools vested in Trustees, approved by the Governor in Council, on the same foot ing, as regards receiving Aid for Building and Repairs, with those vested in the Board. Loss of Goi.d in the Tailings. — From a letter we received from Mr Lewis, Manager of the Chrysolite Hill Company, St. Arnaud, we extract the following very important informa tion upon this subject My first trial was made with refuse barrel sand that had been already amalgamated once, 6 tons of which, taken promiscuously from the heap and passed througn the Chilian mill, produced over 12oz of gold, or 2oz to the ton. In order to ascerr tain whether all the gold had by this means been collected, I passed half a ton '"of these tailings a second time through the same process, and again obtained an additional 22 pennyweights, equal to 2?oz lost by the first operation. Con vinced as I always have been of the immense loss that the Company has been sustaining, I next proceeded to subject the ordinary tailings to the same treatment, and from tailings of qpartz that averaged in the first instance only 4dwts to the ton, I succeeded from a trial of several tons taken fairly from the heap, in ob taining over 6dwt to the ton. As this was the poorest quartz ever crushed from the mine, I expect to obtain even more satisfactory results from the bulk of tailings, that averaged over Sdwt to the ton. Last Monday evening, a meet ing of shareholders, all local men, was appointed to take place, to consider the advisabilty of the erection of buddies, for concentrating the ores, the lodes below water level being highly impreg nated with auriferous pyritical combinations." — Dicker's Munng Record. An action was brought in the County Court, on Tuesday, against Mr Simmonds, lessee and manager of the Haymarket Theatre, by Mr Mansergh, who lately made his debut as an Irish comedian at this theatre, for the recovery of a sum of £40, claimeduuder agreement, for services rendered as an actor. The engagement was for two weeks, at the rate of £20 a week. Plaintiff performed three nights, and was then withdrawn by the management. The defence was that the plaintiff had engaged himself as a " star, and that he was not competent to fulfil the duties he had undertaken. A number of witnesses, mostly actors, were examined as to the qualifications of the plaintiff, and his Honour gave judgment for £20. Mr Brooke as a Stump Orator. — Mr Don has deserted the Eastern Market ; the member for Geelong commences an entertain ment of his own at St. George's Hall. But Mr Brooke cuts a very uncouth figure ou the stump. His skin is seemingly that of Esau, but the voice is unmistakably Jacob's. He is too well known to impose on the credulity of the public. He has arrived at that undesirable period of hisiiareer when everything he is identified with is voted a dodge. We suppose it was on account of his bad odour that he did not venture on appending his name to the advertisement of the meeting. But he was wrong. A public man of such emin ence ought not to hide his light under a bushel. Had it been announced that Brooke would ap pear on his last legs in St. George's Hall, the counter-attraction would have been ruinous to Barry Sullivan next door. He cheated him self out of an audience by leaving people in the dark. " Secure of our hearts, yet confoundedly sick -" ' If they were not his own by finessing and trick."' For once, he overshot his mark. His first "ap pearance on the stump was anything but success ful.— Age, Feb. 23. Extra Mail via Panama. — It appears (says the Age) from the following extract from Rucker, Offar and Co. 's Freight Circular, received by last mail, that we are promised a second mail postal service, via Panama : — " Since our last issue several important enterprises in connection with the shipping interest have been matured. The arrangements for a postal service between Australia, New Zealand and Panama have been completed with the Intercolonial Royal. Mail Steam Packet Company, so that the : route be tween this country and our Austra lian colonies, via Panama, so long re commended, will be fairly tried. Another -im portant enterprise is the' establishment of a com pany for running large steamships between Liver pool, the West Indies, and Aspinwall, and pro mises a line from Panama to Australia, and N ew Zealand, in addition to that to which we have- already directed attention. All these enterprises have been favourably received by the public, and the capital subscribed, notwithstanding the" stringent" condition- of the money market." Me Geo. Coppin.— Mr George Coppin, the most enterprising theatrical manager and specu lator Australia — we might say the colonies generally — has ever known, has announced his intention of leaving us for some time to come. At a dinner party given to ; his friends and creditors, on Monday evening, at Morton's Hotel Bourke-street, he made a statistical announce, ment of his position, which was simply this — that owing to severe and repeated losses, he had had to call his creditors together, and that they had joined,' not only giving him unconditional release from his debts, but in presenting him with a large proportion of his property. Since then he was glad to say lie had accumulated enough to pay off his unsecured creditors in full, and to pretty clearly convince his secured creditors of his final intentions' of clearing them off too. His losses amounted in round .figures to £60,000, not a small feature of which was the £41,000., spent on Cremorne Gardens, which property was lately sold for £4,103, and was to be turned into a lunatic asylum, he feeling sure that, were his experience to be repeated for the benefit of the purchaser, the effect would be xo bring anybody to his senses. Mr Coppin con tinued to say that the secret of success which enabled him to do this much was contained in two words — Charles Kean, whose genuine kind ness and magnificent reception here had done such wonders. As no good offer had been made from Tasmania or South Australia, Mr and Mrs Kean and himself proposed to start to California, so soon .as their Melbourne engagement was com pleted, and from thence they would travel through America; He had little doubt but that in the course of his travels he should meet with the opportunity of again visiting Yictoria with some bright theatrical star. He regrettedthat Mr G. Y. Brooke had disappointed him, and was as sured by his agent that that artist was going or gone to America. In conclusion he expressed his warmest thanks' to his Melbourne friends, including his creditors. It need hardly be said that these remarks were accompanied with re peated and enthusiastic applause. We may add that this is the second time Mr Coppin has ap peared in this character. While in South Aus tralia the discovery of the Yictorian gold-fields drove him to the Insolvent Court, but his sub sequent successes enabled him to pay off his creditors to the uttermost farthing. — Argus. -A Black Social Picture. — A painful ex hibition of the social state and mode of life of a numerous and growing class in this city was afforded yesterday at the City Court, by the bringing forward of ten young boys, who had been arrested in the streets on the previous night as vagrants. The lads were all of the street Arab type, and were aged from eight to fourteen years, and of them six or seven had been in the hands of the police before. One had been . once or twice convicted of vagrancy, and once, sent to Pentridge for twelve months for larceny. Another had often been found sleeping with a lot of convicted thieves in houses of ill-fame. A third lived with his mother, who kept a house of ill-fame in Little Bourke-street, and had been previously sentenced for vagrancy, being only a week out of gaol. A fourth, aged about eight years, had been known to the police for two years as a regular frequenter of the streets, -and fifteen months ago had been sentenced for vag rancy to- six months' imprisonment. Another one, who had received a six months' sentence. for .larceny, was known as being often found in dis reputable houses, and now lived in one of this description, kept by his sister. Two, aged about ten and eight years, were found that morning sleeping in a case at the Eastern Market. . One of these, the youngest, stated that his father was dead, his mother was then in gaol ; he- managed to get a livingby begging, and slept "anywhere." Mr Sturt remanded such of the defendants as it appearedhad relations alive able to support them, that these might be communicated with. Five of them whose condition was most destitute, and whose antecedents were the most unpromising, were sent down to a vessel in the bay, which, Mr Sturt said, had been lately prepared for the purpose of receiving lads of this kind, and in which they might be instructed in useful trades. He regretted that he could not send them for a term of five years, as he should be able to when the proposed Reformatory Bill became law, hut he would send them for twelve months, the longest term he was at present empowered to award. — Argus.. . - - - Lighting up Mining Tunnels. — A party of miners in California who were engaged in tun nelling resorted to the ingenious expedient of lighting up their tunnel by means of mirrors so placed at the entrance as to reflect the light of day to their furthermost workings. The experi ment was considered perfectly successful ; the saving of cost in lighting considerable, and the light itself, more diffused, far preferable to candles that help to vitiate the air of the mine. The Esmeralda Times, in speaking of the pro gress of the work upon the Standard Tunnel, in Aurora, notices the ingenious expedient of using a mirror to reflect the full rays of the sun into the end where the men are at work ; and it is so light that a paper can be read as easily as at the outside. Miners in other localities, driving tun- I nels, will do well to profit by the hint. Accidents at Nuggetty.— On Saturday a child at Nuggetty, was kicked by ahorse in the face and frightfully cut, but fortunately the case will not be fatal as might have been expected. A miner, named Jose, received a very severe cut in the wrist, from a stone falling down the | shaft in which he was at work. Yesterday a i fatal accident occurred at Nuggetty, by which a ; fine little boy, the son of Mr Richard Hawkes, an old and much respected resident of Nug- rrettv, lost his life by drowning. The particulars appear in another column. — Tarrangower Times, Feb. 23. Architectural Query. — Are " plots " for build ings " designs " tor houses ? 