SHAKSPEARIAN ENTERTAINMENT AT THE PORT. The Port Adelaide Young Men's Association gave an entertainment in aid of the Shakspeare Fund on Tuesday evening. April 26, in St. Paul's Schoolroom. The Rev. C. Marryat took the chair, and there was a crowded attendance. Tbe proceedings were introduced by a prologue, composed for the occasion, and delivered by the Bey. Mr. Green. Mrs. F. B. Jones sane in a very pleasing manner •* Bygone Days," and tbe following: reci tations were then given: —Hamlet's Address to the Players (act 3. scene 2), Mr. Anthony; Brutus and Cassiue (••Julius --Caesar," act 4. scene 3), Messrs. Hopkins and Bossie; Henry V. to bis Soldiers (act 8, scene 1), Mr. Charles Watt; Macbetb's Soliloquy (act 2. scene l), Mr. Ttnnn Mrs. F. B. Jones and Mr. J. Bennett sang ** I Know a Bank," after whlob His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide delivered his promised lecture upon " Shakspeare " aa follows: —" It is a remark of our author placed in the mouth of one of Ins charac ters, tbat 'the evil which men do lives after them—the good ' is oft interred with their bones.' Tbe triumph of genius is manifested in tbe reversal of this law, and it speaks well, both ' for our poet and our countrymen, that 300 years bave only I added freshness to the garland which encircles bis brow, and deepened the conviction among ourselves and foreigners ] of his surpassing powers as a dramatist and poet. It would seem impertinent to detain you at any length upon the merits of an author witb whom we all conceive ourselves to be ?? "?''?•"•; but this very familiarity tends to supersede tbe careful study of his genius and an exact appreciation of his works. We assnmp that we know that which we Have so often heard, and a critical examination of bis works with a view to compare him with the great bards of other times and other countries is left rather to the literary student than forming part of the general education of every intellifrent English man. My object, then, to-night will be to draw attention to the depth and variety of Shakspeare's genius, or tbe power of bis fancy, his perception of character, his keen sense of^comic drollery as well as tragic power, his power of description or word-painting; and to trace something of his inner man in his lofty sentiments and tbe tenderness of his feelings; above all, in his singular and seemingly intuitive knowledge of mankind, and of the great world which he brings upon the stage My work wilfnot be unavailing if it leads you better to discriminate tbe varied excellencies of that wonderful port whom we are met to commemorate. Milton has said of him— i "' Sweetest Shakspeare, Fancy's child. Warbles his native wood-notes wild;' but be seems equally familiar with courts and camps, the noble and the peasant, the churchman and the lawyer, tbe Italian and the Hour, tbe Dane or GauL as with his own Muff countryman Harry VIIL, Sir John Falstaff. the fiery Hotspur, or that * sweet wag,' Harry of Monmouth. And ' this is the more extraordinary, because his early life and education were not not such as to render bim familiar with i the higher ranks of society or the national characteristics of foreigners. Educated where he learnt the rudiments of Latin, the exigencies of trade or tbe poverty of his means compelled his hither to withdraw him even from this source of improvement at an early period. He seems to have worked as a woolstapler under bis father, and to have married at the early age of 19 his beloved Ann Hathaway, the daughter of a substantial yeoman. Nor was it until he had become too familiar, as it is said, with the deer park of Sir fbomas Lucy that he emerged from that narrow sphere In which Providence bad seemed to have cast his lot. Then, seeking the great metropolis, he first became acquainted witb the playhouse, of which he was afterwards to be the presiding genius. Perhaps as a means of livelihood he first obtained admission in the then existing company of players; nor does be ever appear to hare attained any bigb distinction in the histrionic art. It is said he enacted the ghost in Hamlet, but with what success has not been j^eorded. Here it was, however, that his natural genius for play writing was stimulated into exercise, and was developed into the highest excellence. It has been shrewdly remarked that if he had not studied the ancient authors, neither had be stolen anything from them, and then his wantof learning redounds to the oredit of his originality. Tbe play writer in those days does not appear to have enjoyed that considera tion st the bands oftbeplayerswhUjhisnowadmUted. Even tbe great Ben Jomw owed to ,tlw ftjwdi/ jntepoiitioa o Shakspeare, his introduction to fame and popularity. To represent a piece offered for their consideration was considered an act of grace and condescension ou their part. To this fact may be attributed oc casional patches of dullness introduced by the actors themselves in their several parts. Tbe playhouse copy, in terpolated with such additions and stage directions, is tbe foundation of the plays as they are at present printed. He, himself, never made a collection of his plays, nor corrected them for the press. The greater part was published after his death. On this point be speaks feelingly when be puts in the mouth of Hamlet tbe following direction:—"And let thosethat play your clowns speak no more than is set down for them, for there be of tbem that will themselves laugh to set on some quantity of barren spectators to laugb too; though in the meantime some necessary questioo ofthe j play be then to be considered. That's -rillanous, and shows a I most pitiful ambition in the fool tbat uses it.' (Act 3, Scene 2.} The characters of Shakspeare have an individu ality about them which qualifies the remark of Samuel Jotm ! con-that they represent species. Undoubtedly they arc not eccentric aud singular in their type, but as no individual ' of a species, no member of a family, is identical in appearance 1 witb another's, co the personality of Shakspeare's imaginary 1 characters is distinguished by their own traits andpeeuliari : ties. Hamlet is not merely a prince, a scholar, acourtier and ' soldier.butstandsoutonthecanvasafigurewhich we recognise ias unlike any other drawn by any poet in any age. Ophelia, indeed, through the very depth of her affection, may have I miled to penetrate the mystery of his partially assumed insanity and his caustic rudeness; but the watchful sus -1 picioasness of the King was not lulled into security. - W bat Ihe spake, tho' it lacked form a little, was not like madness,' remarks the latter to Polonius; * There's something in bis soot o'er which his melancholy site on brood.' Thus it i wonld be impossible not to recognise this creation of [Shakspeare's imagination if tbe royal Dane could once more revisit the glimpses of tbe moon. As in the case of Homer's beroe*>, we recognise each as described to old Priam by the fair Helen; co we seem to be equally familiar witb lago or Sbylocfc. tbe noble Othello, the gay Mercutio, or sprightly Benedict. It is time, however, for me to trace the transcendaat merit of our author in the variety of his characters, whether tragic, humorous, or imaginary. A few specimens shall then be given of bis descriptive powers, and, lastly, some traits of his personal character, so far as tbat may be deduced from the sentiments which be has put in the mouths of several of his characters. Sir J- Reynolds has painted tbe Soscius of our stage—Garnet—between the tragic and comic muses, as claimed alike by both; but something in the laughing look of tbe actor, excusing himself to tragedy for yielding to the fascinations of his merrier sister, typifies to my mind the great dramatist himself as baiting between the two, yet evidently entering into 'the Equips and cranks and wreathed smiles' of mirthful comedy, with more gusto than when he sups full with horrors in the darkest of his tragedies. How truly, for example, does bis wit, fancy, and invention disport them selves in tbe character of that gallant gentleman Mercntio, especially when be quizzes his lovesick cousin, Borneo, in tbe elegant description of Queen Slab, (Borneo and Juliet, act t, scene 4.) He is not the light fop which a superficial study orcareless comedian would represent. Howcontemptnonsly, for example, does he speak of the hot, hasty, bully, Tybalt— ' Oh, he is the courageous captain of compliments. He fights a 8 yon sing prick-song; keeps time, distance, and propor tion ; rests his minim rest, one, two, and tbe third in your bosom. Tbe very butcherofasilk button, a duellist, aduellist, a gentleman of the very first house—of the first and second cause—(for which a man is to fight). Ah. the immortal passado! The pnato reserso! the hay (bai them'st gut it). ' Why, is not this a lamentable thing, grandsire, that we should be thus afflicted with these strange flies, these fashionmongers, these pardonnez nuns, who stand so much on the new form, that they cannot sit at ease on tbe old bench! O, their 60ns. their bonsf And when be is wounded to death, bow playfully does be speak:-—• Ay, ay. a scratch, a scratch; marry 'tis enough; no, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve; ask for me to-morrow, and you shall find me a grave man 1' Mercutio is the repre sentation of genteel comedy; but in Falstaff, Dogberry, the gravedigger. Bottom, tbe comic drollery of our author runs absolutely riot. Were L, on the other hand, to select tbe deepest dyed tragio villain my choice would rest upon lago, and for skilful display of character I should point to that scene in which the archfiend plays upon the fierce instincts of the Moor, awakening, feeding, and maturing tbat maddening jealousy which leads so naturally to tbe tragic end of Desdemona. Bat how wonderful is tbe delicacy and tenderness, yet strength of bis female characters, which be sets before us in Miranda, Ophelia, and Desdemona, or in tbe generous Beatrice, or the soblimer purity of Isabella in 'Measure for Measure.' What can be more exquisite than tbe broken- hearted tenderness of Ophelia, passing over Hamlet's rude taunts npon the frailty of her sex. and .dwelling only ou tbe wreck, as she supposes, of his reason I *O, what a noble mind is here overthrown, &c.; * And lof ladies most deject and wretched.'—(Ham. iii,) In striking contrast with the womanly tenderness of these and many other characters, let us notice briefly the noole confidence ol Beatrice in the innocence of her cousin hero Benedict. Benedict—* IsClaudlo thine enemy? Beatrice—ls be not approved in the height a villain, that hath slandered, scorned, dishonoured my kinswoman? O, tbat I were a man! What! bear her in band until they come to take hands, and then with public accusation uncovered Blander, unmitigated rancour—O. God, that 1 were a man ! I would eat las heart in the market place. Sweet hero I She is wronged, she is slandered, she is undone!' Still more sublime is the holy indignation with which Isabel spurns from her tbe caitiff' and her brother, who would save bis miserable life at the cost of dishonour. Clandio—' Sweet sister, let me live!' Isabel—-O, faithless coward, O dishonest wretch, WQt thou be made a man oat of my vice? Take my defiance! Die, perish! Mjfeut butmy bending down Reprieve thee 60m thy fete, it should proceed. I'll pray a thousand prayers for thy death; No word to save thee! O fye, fyc, f ye.* Passing from the region of inventive imagination to tbat of the purer fancy; in addition to Queen Mab, dwell for a moment on Titania, Puck, Ariel, and hear the latter niiging her sweet dirge in tbe ear of Ferdinand— ' Fall fathoms five thy father lies. Of his bones are coral made. Those are pearls that were his eyes. Nothing of him that doth fade. Bnt doth suffer a sea change Into something rich and strange; Sea nymphs hourly ring his knell. Hark! I hear tbem—dingdongbelL* Or the description of his life—(Act v., scene 1), 'Tempeet'— 'Where the bee sucks there suck I, In a cowslip's bell I lie. There I couch where owls do cry. On tbe bat'B back I do fly After summer, merrily!' Ab, you should all take to know more of this man. who use many others in our favoured country rose from the lower or middle ranks of life to a preeminence, •which leaves far behind all the rescoui-ces of learning, all the appliances of study, by the mere force of Nature's inborn genius. A few passages, like feathers to show in which direction the wind blew, may serve to indicate the qualities of heart aud mind, which formed elements in his characters. How consistent is it with his passionate love aud early marriage, at 19, that he should have delineated the master passion of men's nature with a fidelity and freshness drawn from tbe dear mirrower of his own soul, and tbe well spring of his own chaste feelings. 'O bid me leap from off the battlements of yonder tower. I will do it without fear or doubt to live au unstained wife to my sweet love.— (Borneo and Juliet, act 4, scene I.) Mark bis appreciation of maiden innocence— * I have marked a thousand blushing'apparitioiis start Into her face; A thousand innocent charms In angel whiteness bear away those blushes; And in her eye there hath appeared a fire. To bum the errors tbat these princes hold Against her maiden truth." (Much Ado About Nothing, act 4, scene 1.) Akin to love is friendship; and what is the friend our Bard would have chosen ? (Hamlet, act 3, scene 2.) 'Give me that man That is not passion's slave, and I will wear him In my heart's core, aye in my heart of heart' The tenderness, too. of his sensibility is witnessed by his devotion to music. (Twelfth Night, act 1, scene L) •That strain again, it had a dying fall. O. it came o'er my ear like the sweet south [ That breathes upon a bank of violets, Stealing and giving odour.' And now a word for graver sentiments. Brought no in the reformed faith of the Church of England, he speaks of his country thus: — • Famed by their breed, and famous by their birth,' &c; Or, what can better speak the power of conscience than riichard III.:- 'My conscience bath a thousand several tongues, and every tongue brings in a eeveral fate and every tale condemns me for a villain.'—(Bichard HI. act s. scene 3) Isabel, too, in her brother Claudio's bebalCnleads thus for mercy:— r 'Alas, alas! Why all the souls that were forfeit once, And he, that might the vantage best bave took. Found out the remedy! How would you be If He, who is the hope of judgment, should Bat judge you as you are ?' (Measure for Measure) Act 2, scene 2).—Not less beautiful is the description of their grace by Portia in the ' Merchant of Venice, when she says ' It is an attribute of God him self. And earthly power doth then show likest God when mercy seasons justice.' For descriptive power I need hardly suggest passages to you, for. as when extracts from the beauties of - hakspeare were once offered to an admirer of the poet, he simply asked where were the rest so you E5 b,iri?s^fi^'^,2Ssl "ST b****oo •???* others not less beautiful, On the whole, then. Providence has raised np in England a poet who seems, nothingof earth, to have been aU but iuspired-*o true, so lofty, so varied, so exactin his con ception and delineations, while in the music and dignity of language henvals if he does not surpass tbe sweetness or thunder ofthe Homeric verse. The tragic vein of JSscbylus and tbe comic humour of Aristophanes, the ima gination ot Dante, the poetry of Homer—in him all meet and are combined. This varied power in one individual gives him the prominence over au. No man ever owed so little to education and so ranch to Nature as the Bard of Avon, who died at the early age or 63. Not too soon for his own fame, bnt unlike bis own Prospero, • His stair was broken, bruised, restored fathoms in the earth, bnt not deeper than ever plummet sounded' has his book been drowned. Ou tbe contrary it lives more freshly in our hearts than ever, and wherever tbe speech of England shall prevail, there will this great master of it be held in honor." (Great applause.) Tbe lecture was divided into two parts, and in the interval Mrs. F.B. Jones sang with great effect—-Her bright smile haunts me still." The remaining put of the programme was gone through after the close or the lecture:—Brutus's Address to the Ro mans (Julius C-esar, act 3, scene 2), Mr. John Lane ; Mark Anthony's Oration (Julius Caesar, act 3, scene 2), Mr. W. A. Paqualin: Borneo's Speech to Mercutio on Queen Mab and her doings (Borneo and Juliet, act 1, scene 4), Mr. A. Ful larton; Epilogue, Mr. John Clark; Sang—" Annie my own Love." and *' Let me kiss him for hie Mother." Mrs. F. B. Jones. The recitations of Messrs. Hopkins, Paqualin, and Fallarton were encored, and Mrs. Jones sang magnificently and was frequently recalled. The .whole aSair was a com plete success. 