THE "FLOWERY LAND" MURDER AND PIRACY CASE. At the Central Criminal Court, on February 4, John Lyons, Francisco Blanco, Ambrosio (alias Manrieoj Duranno, Basilio de lo9 Santos, Alercos "Watto. Alieuel Lopez ( alias Joseph Chances, alias the Catalan), MarcLelino, anil George Car los were changed with the murder of tiie captain and five of the crew of tho merchant ship Flowery Land. The prisoners all elected to lie tried by a jury of Englishmen. From the evidence it ap peared that the Flowery Land left the port of London on the 28th July last, bound for Singa pore, with a cargo of wines, and carrying twenty persons. Not withstanding some previous symp toms of insubordination, nothing occurred to create the supposition that any organised plan of mutiny existed among the crew, or that they had secretly organised a conspiracy to murder the 'captain and any other persons who opposed their design, and to take possession of the vessel, and after plundering to destroy her. The time se lected to carry out the design was the night of the 9th September, when the first mate (Carswell) kept the watch on deck, and tho whole of the prisoners were there; tho captain, his brother, and the second mate being in their births in the cabin below. The rest of the crew were sleeping on deck. The first mate was suddenly attacked and felled to the deck by a blow with a hand spike, and his dead body then thrown into tho sea. The captain, aroused, got out of his berth, and was about to go on deck when lie was killed with knives or daggers. The captain's brother was attacked in the same manner. All the pri soners were concerned in these proceedings, and '' after the captain litnl been killed a proposition was made that lie should at once be tluown over board. The second mate, however, interposed, and requested permission to sew the body in some canvns, in order that it might be consigned de cently to the deep. The prisoners then proceeded to plunder the captain's cabin, where they ob tained possession of a considerable sum of money, ' and a proposal was made that thi3 money should bo divided among the whole of the crew. One of the prisoners (Watto), hoy/ever, objected to this, and said it ounlit onlv to be divived among the eight who. lmd organised tho conspiracy to seize the vessel. One of tile 'witnesses for the prosecution was the second mate, who had taken a share of the money, influenced by fear of the prisoners, and if lie had not been tbe only person on board who was competent to navigate the vessel his life also would have been sacrificed. — Air. Metealfe and tbe other ' learned counsel re tained by the respective governments of the pri soners made able addresses on their behalf, and Air. Baron Bramwell having summed up, the jury acquitted Carlos and returned a verdict of guilty against the remaining seven. Sentence of death was then pronounced in .the "usual form.— On the following day Carlos was arraigned on the charge of having scuttled the vessel. The evidence was the same as that in the murder case. . The pri soner was found guilty, and sentenced to 10 years' penal servitude. — On Feb. 5, the condemned pirates were informed that tho day appointed for carrying out the sentence of' the . law would he Monday, t.lio 22nd of February. None of them betrayed the slightest emotion or alarm, but tlioy merely requested to be allowed to see a Roman Catholic priest, which they were told 'would of course lie complied with. The Execution. — On the morning of the 22nd February five of the above seven pirates were hanged in front of tho prison of Newgate, in the presence of .an immense concourse of people. Basilio de los Santos and Alaychelino 'were "re prieved on the evening of Feb. 19, their sentence itaving been commuted to penal servitude for life. The whole of the convicts.were natives of Araiiilla, excejit \Vatto, who was a Levantine. Fram the extraordinary degree of interest which the trial of the criminals excited, and still more, perhaps, from the circumstance that so many as five, men at one time had not before been executed at the Old Bailey for 36 years — since Alarcb, 1828 — it was apprehended that ail enormous crowd would assemble, and tho sheriffs, with Col. Fraser, tho city commissioner of police, made Such ar rangements as appeared commensurate with the occasion for the maintenance of order and the protection of life. Happily in the result these were most effective, and well suited to the emergency. About COO of the city police "were on duty, aided by a considerable number of the metropolitan force. At some executions in re cent years, as, for instance, at that of Alullens for the Stepney murder, almost as great multi tudes have assembled in the Old Bailey as that on Feb. 22, but rarely, if ever, one where, upon the whole, more order prevailed. By common consent this result is attributable to the arrange ment by which the spectators were penned up in nianngenhle numbers within barriers. 'As usual, besides the vast concourse of people who congre gated in the streets, there were hundreds more, among whom were to be seen here and there well-dressed women, who witnessed the spectacle frotn the opposite windows and housetops. From an early hour in tho morning the priests who had been in attendance on the doomed men since their conviction were again with them, and remained until the last. M. Morphines, Archi mandrite of the Greek Church in London-wall, attended upon the convict Watto, and the 'other four received the consolations of religion from tbe Rev. James Httsse'y, of the Roman Catholic Chapel in Aloorfields. and Fathers Joseph Louis and Hermann, Spanish priests. At 20 miuutes to 8 o'clock, all who had any duty to perform in this last dreadful act drew together in a little room, when one of tho gaol officials appeared, and said the condemned would soon be ready. They were " quite comfortable," lie added, and were finishing their breakfast. At a quarter to 8 Mr. Jonas, tho Governor of Newgate, entered and said quietly, " We are all ready, gentlemen," whereupon, in obedience to nn old custom of tbe juniors proceeding first on these occasions, the under- sheriffs led the way, followed by the sheriffs and about a dozen officials and spectators, in a kind of rough' procession, two and two. In this order they passed out of the Sessions-house, and descended the flight of steps into the court yard of Newgate, where from beyond the massive stone wall the shouts aud cries and uproar of the mob came- with a loud iudistinct noise like tbe roar of an angry sea. It was a positive relief to escape from hearing this ravening crowd, and to pass at once into the dim quiet of the narrow, tor tuous, and almost underground passages which lead from the conrt-honse to what is called in the gaol tfie New Wing. For a short length the pas sage is quite subterranean, and so narrow that there was scarcely room' for two to pass abreast. At nearly every 40 feet there ia a massive iron . door,, and even when the passages do emerge into the cold half-daylight' of the early winter's morning, they are' so close:d' in with massive iron bara that the day is almost excluded. Onn pas sage, though wider- than them all, was gloomier, in fact, than any, and absolutely terrible in its \- associations. Its walls were of extra height ; the thick black grating crossed above it seemed almost close- enough to keep out the half thawed snow which came floating down ; the pavement was ruinously uneven, and on the whitewashed walls at either side rough capital letters, coarsely carved in stone, could just be deciphered. In this for lorn, dim, close-barred prison alley, the horrors, of Newgate seemed to culminate, for this is the Aceldama of the metropolis, the burying place of London murderers, the miserable spot which is horrible and infamous even to prisoners, where almost immediately after coming from the gallows the corpses of felon3 are huddled naked into shells full of quick lime, and thrust beneath tho pave ment as soon as cold. It was impossible to liass along this dreadful place of sepulture, where death is associated with whatever is dark and terrible , in human destiny, without a feeling of more than awe a'3 one looked at the significant irregularity of the pavement, and read at a glance the dreadful talcs of blood wlijcli, without words, the " G " for Greenacre, or the " C " for Cour- voisier, seemed to be always disclosing. Passing through this and the place where women murderers also find a last asylum, where even their infamy is in time forgotten, the way winds on 'through courts and passages till 'the lust grated door is silently opened, and the little pro cession passed suddenly into a lofty, warm, and spacious building lighted from the top, and witli a series of stone balustrades one over the other running in frout of the cells built into the walls around. A large black hoard marked with the single word " Silence," hung in the centre of this the New Wing. But the injunction "in this case was unnecessary, for not a word was'spoken as the little group of officials stopped' in front of the condemned cells. The silence from this time was almost unbroken, hut all the rest of the dreadful incidents of the execution were hurried rapidly to a close. A short, thickset, shabby man, with venerable white locks and heard which his sinis ter face belied, shufiled rapidly in, cringing with fawning deference to all he passed, and opening a cell, proceeded to pull out several black leather straps, with- thongs and buckles that looked at first like harness. With one of those in his hand he proceeded to the first cell, which was at once opened, and. Watto was called fortii to hi pinioned by the common hangman. With the first call of his name Watto stepped foith into tin corridor, and stood meekly beforo the executioner, a slight, fair, and very good-looking young man of 21 or 22 — a lad whom, to judge by physiog nomy alone, one would have chosen out of a thou sand for a kind nnd gentle disposition. His real name was Alarcos Vartos, and in his indictment lie was designated as of Turkish origin, hut in religion ho was a Greek, and was, in fact, one of that numerous class known in the Levant as' low Franks, n class which comprises within its ranks the offscourings of most that is bad in Europe. In spite of his mild appearance and now meek bear- ing, he was, if evidence is ever to he trusted, one of the mnst ruthless of all these men — foremost among the plotters — most merciless of the assas sins. He was attended by Air. Morphinos, and looked perfectly resigned and subdued as the hangman drew the straps and buckles rigidly around, after which he retired slowly to his cell. The next to step forth from his room was Lopez — the adviser of all the murders — the determined perpetrator of at least one — the worst-looking in countenance, and to the very moment of his death the most defiant in gesture anil bea ing of them all. It seemed almost as if Lopez hud been hanged before, so lightly did lie step forth, so rapidly did he adjust his every movement to the necessities of the hangman, and thrust his hands almost by anticipation into the straps that were to confine his dying struggles. Yet not for a se cond did his mere swagger impose on those accus tomed to see really brave men going to their death So unsteady was he that every movement, even the least the hangman made to buckle the strapsaround him, threatened to tilt him over; his fingers were almost buckled in the way the hands were clasped together ; his eye sought every face with an anxious, dreadful glance ; his lips trembled, though he tried almost incessantly to wet them with his parched tongue, hut in vain. . Durannn, who so cruelly assassinated the mate, was the liext'to come out, and lie, like the two that follow ed liitn, were what are called Manilla men— that is to say, they were born in the East and spoke indifferent Spanish. They were all, however, of the pure Tartar type, flat nosed, small eyed, with low retreating foreheads, and heads thickly cover ed with masses of lank hair like those of tbe. North American Indians. Duranno was the first who showed signs of fear. Watto was resigned ; Lopez was defiant, but Duranno seemed blanched by fear to a dull clayey hue that was worse to look upon than the pallor of deatli itself." Still, though his lips kept shivering, and his eyes reeled, he seemed to bear up till the lmnginan- removed the sailor's necktie and undid the collar of his shift. Then the deatli that was so near seemed to come upon him in nil its bitterness, and he crept together with his limbs, and spoke a few words, in almost piteous tones, to tho Roman Catholic clergyman who was with him. Blanco was even worse than this. Large beyond all the rest in stature, an overmatch 'for almost all the others in mere brute strength, the man who had taken the most conspicuous and rclcntlc33 part in all the murders, who had struck down the mate, and boasted of having thrown him, while praying for mercy, into the sea, who had stabbed the captain in his sleep, and beaten the captain's brother till his very corpse was shapeless, came out from liis cell as if the very agony of death was on him, so strongly did he show his 'fear. He seemed help less as lie was being pinioned, and sighed heavily. He, like Duranno, shuddered as his neckerchief was removed, but seemed gratified that two little copper crucifixes, which he wore round his neck, . were allowed to remain. Leone, or Lyons, as he was called, was the last to come. Without any show of fear, but with much o"f sorrow, he stepped into the corridor and was pinioned, looking, as he showed Himself throughout, a resigned and appar ently deeply repentant man. He spoko English tolerably well, and when his' hands and elbows were closely fastened to his side, he leant forward and in a few broken words said to Mr. Sheriff Cave that he quite admitted the justice of his pun ishment, but until then he had never seen how wicked his crime had been, or how deserving it was of death. This was the only approach to a public confession made by any of tho men. When Leone retired to his cell the hangman left, and in a few minutps afterwards a signal was given, anil one after another the five men were brought out, each between two warders, and then a somewhat hurried move was made through the passages again, hut this time across another courtyard towards the front of the gaol, over the walls of which could be heard reverberating the dismal tolling of St. Sepulchre's hell, and, worse than all, the impatient, clamourous, roaring hum of the crowd outside. ' Within a heavy iron grate they were thus led to a form, and there, for the first time since their trial, they sat down side by side, anil almost as they did so the bell of Newgate, with a loud dis cordant boom, began to toll about their heads, t Beyond where the culprits were sitting was a psssage, the end of which was thinly hung with black, and which led out into the open air, as was i shown by the glatc of the day coming down be- tween the narrow, dark stone walls. Outside tlii3 was the scaffold. But it needed nothing to toll tho men that within a few feet of where they sat they were to die a shameful aud a violent death, for with the first boom of the hell came in the hoarse murmur that a multitude makes when talking, mingled with an indescribable trampling sound, and cries of " Hats off, hats off," " They are coming," amid all which, and the noise and sway of a great crowd, tho bell above the heads of the now fast dying men went tolling rapidly on. It sounded more like an alarm than a knell. Its clamour would have silenced talking if any wished to talk. But nothing now was said as Duranno and Blanco leant hack faint, and the others seemed to listen with dreadful faces, now- looking up to where the clang of the bell came down upon them, then glancing with quivering lips through the passage which just let in the daylight anil tho nuisc of the crowd, hut allowed nothing to ho seen beyond. Tiiu old hangman left to take a glimpse at tho scaffold, and sec that all was ready, and ufter him werit one or two officials, furtively glancing at the mass of human beings which swarmeil through New gate-street into Smithfieid, which thronged the housetops and windows far and near, all looking with white, up- turned faces to where the dingy gibbet with its five short links of chain stood in front of the debtors' door. Scarcely a minute . was thus passed when the hangman returned and hurried out with young Watto, at the sight of whom there Was a renewed cry from the multi tude outside. Perhaps at the sight of his com rade in guilt thus homo away, perhaps at the sound of the mob without, Duranno turned pale and faint, and asked for water. Water and brandy both were brought, . and Duranno and Blanco both drank a little of tho spirit raw, and were then hurried off. Lopez was called next, b'ut as lie rose there was a half shout, half scream from the crowd outside, for Blanco, the most ; powerful of all the murderers, and supposed to I have been the most hardened, had fainted with t the rope round his neck, and was, in'faet, hang- s ing til.l the warders ran back to fetch a chair,' in ; which the wretched man was propped up until i the drop fell. Lopez and Leone now remained 'alone on the .'bench, Lopez careless 'tis usual, though quiet; Leone resigned, aud apparently , absorbed in thought and prayer. Aguiu Lopez was told to rise, hut og.iin there was a delay, of" i which lie took ail vantage to ask for something to drink. Water was put to h'i3 mouth, but he spat it out and turned away his head, although the feverish eagerness with which he swallowed 9omo brandy was awful to behold. Then he rose, 'and as lie stood hearing the bell toil his desperate spirit at last gave way, anil his eyes filled with tears, which lie tried in vain to raise his pinioned hands to wipe away. Then he, too, went out with, a light, jaunty step, and was almost imme diately followed by Leone. There was deep silence now within anil without the goal, and none.of the officials compelled to lie present looked oiit, for the old hangman had left' the men stand ing in a row and was. busy beneath the scaffold. 'In another instant there was a heavy sound, and all turned away, .while the gibbet creaked audibly, for the five murderers hung dying side by side. There was a dreadful pause inside for a minute or two, during which all spoke in whispers, Us if in a sick chamber. Then tho creaking ceased, and the hangman, after a few business-like looks behind, came slouching in, and his return was taken as a sign that all was quiet now, and that the last and most solemn effort which man can make for self-preservation Had been exorcised against 'five us determined murderers as have ever hung in front of Newgate. The cutting down of the corpses was almost more repulsive than the hanging. The noises from the crowd, the heavy lump With which the corpse fell into its shell, the speed with which it Was borne in, unpimoned, cast loose trom its halter, and pronounced dead, made this a painful,, though fortunately, a very quick business. The countenance only of Watto was slightly changed ; the rest lay tumbled in oheir shells as the hang man had left them, precisely as though' they slept. At two in the day their clothes were cutoff to the last fragment, and burnt. The shells were then filled up with quick lime, and at three o'clock they were placed beneath the stone at the end of the gloomy hurying-place we have mentioned, without form or ceremony of any kind. Public feeling in England is ull on the side of the Danes, and the slaughter .which has taken place — and it ha3 been heavy — must be laid to the charge of the Germans, who refused all terms, and insulted Britain by rejecting her oiler to be witness to King Christian's undertaking to do all that was demanded of him. We have since gone further, and asked an armistice, but Air. Layard lias hail to inform the Commons that the reply was unfavourable. Happily, however, our perseverance in a policy of peace and justice has at last been crowned with success. It is an- ni unceil that the E-glish Government, who never 'throughout their negotiations departed from the basis of the Treaty of 1852, having failed to their efforts to arrest the war in its first stages, subsequently invited the German Federation and thfe Powers who signed the treaty to a conference in London, with a view to the permanent settle ment of the question of the Duchies. This 'invi tation has been accepted by Austria and Prussia ; and the orders which have been subsequently issued to tho combined army, although they do not suspend hostilities, justify the expectation that so far as the great Powers are concerned, a satis factory result may be ultimately arrived at. It is hardly to be expected that the members of the Federation will attend the conference, aud there are already symptoms of a break up in Father land. . But that is no business of ours. So long as we secure the tranquility of Europe, Germany may be left to fight out her domestic broils on her own soil. "Frightened to Death.— A very melancholy death, resulting from the effects of sudden terro'r, came before Mr. Walthew, of London, on Thurs day, at an inquest held on the body of Jane Howard, aged 15 years. Mrs. Elizabeth How ard,, the wife of a type-founder, said deceased was her daughter, and was in good health up to last Friday evening. A little after 10 o'clock on that night 'she went out into the back yard to get some water at the tap. She saw one or two men on the roof of the house, near the parapets. She shrieked out as if much terrified, and called her brother. He ran out and saw the top of a man's hat as he was making his escape. The deceased went indoors, but she was 90 terrified that her brother had to go to her assistance. The police were soon after told of what had occurred, hut the thieves had got away. Tho deceased was taken seriously ill, and a iloctpr was sent for, but she died on the, following Alonday. Emma Alice Howard, sister of the deceased, said that she was going to bed at' the time in question, and she saw the head and shoulders of a trtaiyMs lie was sliding down at the back of the premises. She heard her sister scream out, " Oh, John ! there is a man on the tiles." Mr. G. Haycock, M.R.C.S., said that the immediate cause of death was apo plexy; resulting from the fright that the girl had sustained. The jury returned the following ver dict : — " That tho deceased expired from the mortal effects of apoplexy, caused by fright, and her said death arose by misadventure." A Hypocritical Swindler. — A case of com mercial fraud of a truly disgraceful character lias just been brought to light at Sunderland. The name of the late Mr. Thomas Kay, of the firm of Riches, Kay, and Marshall, merchants and sliipbrokers, and whose sudden death on his re turn from a "watch meeting" on New Year's Eve produced a painful sensation of regret, is mixed up with the dishonest transactions. Abus ing the unlimited trust reposed in him by his partners, the deceased had carried on a system of consummate swindling, all the more miserable anil discreditable that it has been disguised under the cloak of religion. The modus operandi of Air. Kay was this : — It is customary for all brokers to make advances of money to captains of vessels consigned to them, and present gratuities. Air. Kay attended to this business in the oliice, and when advances were made to captains or owners, whose ships accounts he managed, a piece of paper neatly folded was generally handed to the person receiving the money, the purport for which it Was given being written in pencil, and the receiver requested "just as a matter of form," to append his signature in ink. The neatly folded piece of paper was a " bill stamp," and from the way the signature was appended formed a blank hill of acceptance, the stamped portion having been ingeniously concealed, The pencil marks, were tboti obliterated, and the hill ptlsced into the safe, ready to fill up for any 'amount, and paid into the bank as a genuine mercantile trans action when tlte time arrived for doing so. On opening the safe at deceased's deatli uhout 150 of'these blank bills were found on shilling and two shilling stamps, ready for conversion into negotiable acceptances, which in the aggregate might have been drawn for thousands of pounds. As these bills became due all that was necessary was to replace them with others, the name of the firm being good to almost any amount. It is not known to what amouut bills of this'clmra'cter may ho running, the deceased having the 'entire con trol and management of this part of the business. The Cambria Leader says that recently a lad iged 14, living at Dowlais, went out into the back-yard in the evening, anil returned almost instautly in 'a great fright, exclaiming "that lie had seen his own ghost. When sufficiently re covered to give an account, he said that on open ing the back door he saw himself, white "and deathlike, standing' in front, 'and he at once ran back. His friends endeavoured to joke him out of the belief, hut he was not to be shaken; , and, singular to add, he . sickened, and, though a healthy lad up to the date of his fright, grew worse and died. . Attempted Fraud on Underwriters. — Captain J. Al. Olbers, a German, late master and owner of the Peruvian barque Alaria, has been couvicted in the Hamburg Supreme Court upon the charge of attempting to defraud the under-, writers of the sum of JB13.000. In 1862 the Alaria went from Cardiff to Bahia with coals, arriving at tho latter place on tho 7th of Septem ber. She 'was chartered for a voyage to Loudon, and, while the ciirgo was being shipped, the crew, for some unaccountable reason, were allowed three days living ashore. A large quantity of cargo was put on hoard, and the ship, freight, and cargo wero insured ' in London and other places. ' In the ' course of the voyage from Baliia the name of the ship was painted over, and on the' 18th December, when she Was reported to have sprung a leak, supposed to he in the captain's cabin, lie refused the crew an opportunity to search for it. On the following day the water .had risen 10 feet, and'the captain gave orders to abandon the ship. The boats were lowered, and the captain, ia going over the ship's side, let fall into the sea a packet of papers. In the protest he declared the packet to contain two boxes of diamonds, of the value of ,£3900, for which amount insurances were effected iu tho Royal Ex change anil other, offices. One boat containing the mate and five seamed was picked up, nnd taken into St. Alicliael's, and the other boat drifted about several days before it was fallen in with. Inquiries were instituted, and the result tended to show that tho ship had been wifully scuttled, and that there was no such diamonds and property on hoard as alleged. The facts also implicate the shippers at Bahia. After a-pro- tracted trial, the court convicted the prisoner of issuing false bills of lading, and of attempting a fraud on the underwriters. He was condemned to three years' imprisonment, and then to be banished from the country. A Frightful Description. — Lady Pasley, residing at 7, Esplanade, Plymouth, has told, in the columns of the Times, a frightful 'story of tho misery of a little fishing village, called Beer, in the neighbourhood of Axminster. The place is actually plague-stricken with measles. The in habitants are all fisherman, and tit this time of the year always in want. The children do not die of the disease, but of weakness and starvation ' after "it. Mrs. Bingham, Lady Pasley's sister,, who lives near Axminster, writes, "the bell is tolling constantly, and five or six children brought over here 'in a cart to be buried daily. The vil lage altogether is like a thing you dream of. The mothers themselves look like hungry wolves, without a feeling left for their dead children. 1 have only seen one woman crying, until I said a kind word, sUcli as ' the summer is coming, and better times, please God,' and then they sob as if they would go into hysterics from weakness. Iu one den to-day there were six children lying before the fireplace, and I asked the woman if thfey were hungry. ' No,' she said, thank God, they are not as hungry as I am, fori have no thing to give tliern. I coald eat the table-board !' These poor children die iu the dark, and the mothers have to watch for daylight to see them, not having a candle in the house'." Who" is the clergyman of this parish ? It is curious that Lady Pusley only give3 her own address at Ply mouth, aud her sister's, at Seaton, near Axmins ter, and does not refer to the clergyman, who must be employed burying, and we will hope also visiting, these poor wretches. Newspaper Statistics. — FromtlieNewspaper Press' Directory for 1864 we extract the follow ing on the present position of the newspaper press: — " There are now published in the United Kingdom 1250 newspapers, distributed as fol lows: — England, 919; Wales, 37; Scotland, 140; Ireland, 140; and British Isles, 14. Of these there are— 46 daily papers published in England ; I ditto iu Wales ; 9 ditto in Scotland ; 14 ditto in Ireland ; and 1 ditto in British Isles. On reference to the edition of this Useful direc tory for 185'4, we find the following interesting facts — viz., that in that year there were published in the United Kingdom 624 journals. Of these 19 papers were issued daily — vis., 14 in London, 1 in Liverpool (the only English provincial daily). 1 in Glasgow, and 3 in Ireland. But iu 1864 there are now established and circulated 1250 papers, of which no less than 72 are issued daily, showing that the press of the country ha3 doubled itself in ten years, aud the daily issues stauding 72 against 19 in 1854. The magazines now in course of publication, including tlm quarterly re views, number 537, of which 196 are decidedly of a religious character, representing the Church of England, Wesleyutts, Methodists, Baptists, Independents, And other Christian communities." Out in the Snow. — The first snow of tho present winter came down on Thursday night week, uhout two hours before tho adjournment of the House of Commons. At midnight, when the Speaker left the chair, the prospect was wretched in the extreme. The sky was overcast, and a cold blast from tlte north-east swept the deserted streets. The snow thawed as it fell, and the pavement was ancle-deep iu slush and half petri fied mud. The supply of cabs in Palace Yard, adjoining the chief entrance to the House, was soon exhausted by young and athletic AI.P.'s, who drove off . to their clubs to finish up the evening with grilled bones and mulled port. Owing to the unusual mildness of the early por tion of the evening, and the settled appearance of the weather, the majority of honourable mem bers hail dismissed their private carriages, so that many hail to walk home through the snow-storm. Amongst the latter was tho veteran Premier, who 'found himself at midnight alone in the streets, contending with the wind and snow as ho headed towards Charing Cross, in tho direction of Cambridge House. The noble lord was soon, however, overtaken by a couple of belated legis. lators, in the persons of Air. Cowper, his slepson, and Mr. Arthur Kinnaird, tho member for Perth. Taking an arm of each, tho noble octogenarian strode along and walked the whole way homo. I was myself a witness of the incident of which I speak, and could not hut moralise on its incon sistency. I thought how strange it was that this fcuble old man, who was out alone in that snow storm in the small hours of a winter's night, al though unable to procure the friendly shelter of a hired cab at sixpence a mile, had it in his power hut a few minutes before to utter words from his seat on the Treasury Bench which might have lighted the (lame of war over all the land, from the Rhine to the Elbe— from the frozen Vistula to the yellow Tiber. — Correspondent of Belfast News Letter. 