I BUCH IS LIFE. A "Novel of Eveiy Day. By & REPOEME» SEN I "' ' . SAMONIST. ? ._;_ _;.<__> THE honeymoon was over, and the Hon. Chirk Gob- owen and his beautiful bride, ne'e Caroline De Cor wen, * lounged languidly over dinner at the Vulture Hotel, Cwrnmypyllmynech. It commands a view of the lovely lakes of Lampeter, Bala, and Ellesmere, and With the trifle peak of Snowdon in the back ground, and the fierce ruggedness of Mold below, the scene is unequalled save in the North American Pampas. But the young couple heeded it not. _ " The worßt dinner I ever ate," said Mr. Gobowen, dis contentedly. " It is very bad," said Mrs. Gobo wen ; " but I think the dinner on our wedding day was even more dis- agreeable." *'Very good of you to say so, I'm sure," said her handsome husband, with an evil glance. " I say what I mean, Chirk," waa the cold reply. " If that is the case," said Mr. Gobowen, " It seems to me that we've been and made a sort of-well a mistake, and the sooner we repair it the better." " I'm agreeable," said the Hon. Mrs. Gobo wen, with a smile. "Blest if you are," retorted her husband ; "but never mind that now. We'd better separate." " Separate, indeed," said Caroline. " That would be pleasant for me, wouldn't it ! No, indeed, no halt measures for me," said the beautiful young wife, filling her glass with what is called claret at the Vul- ture, or at all events charged for as claret and the best. " Well, what's your whole measure, then}" asked her husband, curiously. " Our mairiage was a mistake. All runaway mar- riages are. I am heartily tired of you. I have heard all your stories, and all your travels, and-in short, you bore me." Ireciprocate the sentiment," said Mr. Gobowen. " I have heard all your 'songs, and your voice is not what I used to think it, and really your accounts of all the rubbishing novels you have ever read have their ment, but they are not particularly interesting. What's to be done ?" " Let us destroy all evidence of our marriage, and go back into society. I am supposed to have been on a visit to my aunt, Lady Gumdragon. She will not dare to contradict me, as I know 01 several murders which she committed to get at the title, and also the secret of her enamel. You have been-what does it matter where a man IIBB been ?" " My uncle, the Secretary for the Buoys and Bea- cons, knows of our escapade," said Mr. Gobowen, " because I borrowed a couple of hundreds from him at starting, but he won't tell because I am aware of some forgeries he committed in order to become .a Minister. So all is safe. Here's the marriage certifi- cate. Tear it, and I'll look in Bradshaw to see how you can get across country to your aunt's." "Are you a fool?" said the lovely Caroline Gob- owen. " I was, one day about a month back," said Chirk. She was too proud to reply to the taunt, but pro-' ceeded. " Is there not a copy of that certificate in the books of the church at Eisteddfod ! " " By .Tove, yes. That's awkward." "Not at all, if you have the ordinary courage and energy of a man." " 1 believe I have both." " Then burn the church." The fire in her radiant eyes seemed to light up a kindred ray in his. He seized his hat, box of cigar lights, gloves, nodded to her, and departed. Thirty-six hours later, and the beautiful little old church at Eisteddfod, built by Owen Glendower, and famous in the Bcene of the marriage between Edward of Carnarvon and Catherine Parr, was a mass of smouldering embers. Mr. Gilbert Scott, the great ecclesiastical architect, would eat no lunch that day, he waB so shocked, and was scarcely comforted by receiving instructions to make another church exactly like the old one. "I have done it," said the Hon. Mr. Gobowen, as he re-entered the room at the Vulture, and found his wife, as we will still call her, smoothing her lovely 'hair at the glass, just having taken off her bonnet. " Yes, I saw the fire," she replied, coolly. "You did!" " Aye, it isn't my nature to be idle. X went after you by the next train, and ascertained that you might have spared that lovely little church, which I wish I had sketched." " What do you mean ?" "The clergyman of Eisteddfod, his name is the Rev. Morgan- ap« Jones, keeps the register books in his own house." Mr. Gobowen launched a fearful observation di- rected against the Welsh clergy generally. "That sort of language is ot no use," said his wife, " You should have burned the rectory." ! "Of course, I would, if I hadknown." "If," repeated Caroline Gobowen, with bitter sar- casm. " Stay here, and smoke your cigars. It is all j ou are fit for." She put on her bonnet as carefully as if she was going [to meet some women whom she hated, and was ? gone. A few days afterwards, the Bangor Banger con- tained the fo flowing paragraph : " Our fair readers cannot be too cautious what ser- vants they engage. The Rev. Morgan-ap-Jones, the respected mini&ter; of Eisteddfod, recently engaged a nursery maid, who came to him with the highest written character. Yesterday she disappeared, and 'the whole of the registers of the church, from che year 1397, disappeared also. Our one policeman, the in- telligent ana respected David Williams, says he thinks it very odd, hut declines, at present, to say more. Should anything transpire, ourreaders shall hear of it next month." "Well?" said the Hon. Chirk Gobowen, on the third day after, as his wife cime in, with a proud flush on her fair brow. "That is just the word," she said. "I bought some lead, wrapped the books in it, and dropped them down the well at the bottom of the garden. It is said to be unfathomable." "Then the truth won't get to the bottom of the well, where she usually lies," said Chirk. " Not bad for you," said Caroline Gobowen. " Thank von. But it is now mv turn tn nob uti». are your wits. You frrgot about the witnesses to the wedding," "Bother, BO I did," said Mrs. Gobowen. " Orson is endowed with reason. There were Mr. Jones, the clerk, the beadle, and the pew-opener." " Le diable a quatre," said Chirk. She tapped her tiny foot impatiently, in thought. " I could hardly escape detection at the rectory," she said ; " but if you managed the parson, I would answer for the other three." ** No, we'll divide equally, like man and wife," said Chirk. Something like kindness beamed in her smile for a I second, but it was repressed. There was stern work before them. And they did it, that brave, high-blooded young couple. The Rev. Mr. Ap. Jones lured from his rec- tory by a supposed smuggler who promised the clergy- man a cask of illegal brandy, if he would fetch it from a neighbouring forest, was found, a month after- wards, at the bottom of a coal-pit, nine thousand feet deep, but without the brandy. The clerk, Timothy Roberts, set out to Llangollen to see a wealthy eleventh cousin who had sent for him to come to dinner, and be forgiven fox being poor. This cousin's dinner he never ate, but the fishes of the Dee ate him —how they were helped to him, an athletic young fisherman who had been consulting him about the most killing tackle, might have told, but never did. The beadle was found by a roadside, at a spot to which he had gone, as relieving officer of Eisteddfod, to'see a child which a beggar-woman calling athis bouie, requested him to come and remove to the workhouse, and in his hand was a metal cup, from a travelling flask. The cup had contained whisky, and something else, which the coroner of the county sent to Dr. Alfred Taylor, but what was the use ? The pew-opener, who had bera rendered superstitious by the number of ghosts Bhe had seen in the old church, was simply frightened to death by a female apparition in white, with phosphoric eyes and stains of blood upon its garment, that rushed at her one night in her own garden, and shrieked, " Who stole the \ el vet covered hymn-book ? " The four witnesses were gone. " We are not safe yet, dear," said Caroline to he husband, as they wandered by the silver Severn, a' its confluence with the Thames, and watched the salmon leaping from the sparkling pools. There was almost a tenderness in her voice, for she was learning to respect her husband. i" These children take a deal of separating," Baid Chirk, laughing. " We've burned a church, robbed a rjarsonage, and cooked the gooses of four respectable individuals, and yet we can't sever the knot. What's up now ? '' f Do you not remember," she said, playfully, " or w.ere you too busy in looking at somebody else, that during the ceremony there were two pews full of charity children." "So there were. And any one of,those might identify either of' us. I have always thought, with IA lady ¡B not usually nee .with a Christian name, hut the »HtBMttH» «f the day will hay» it IP, Mr. Gladstone, that charities are a mistake. Confound the catechetical brats. This requires thought." .' I have given it thought, silly one." Eisteddfod was in some measure consoled under ita misfortunes. It was much talked about, which is joy and delight to a provincial place. More. A most benevolent stranger, attracted by the noise of the catastrophe, came and settled at a cottage near the town, and seemed to live only to do good. His dresav was of the old school, blue coat, brass buttons, and leather breeches. He wore a large hat, under which his beautiful white hair fell voluminously on his reve- rend shoulders. Money was no object, he relieved the poor, assisted the new clergyman, promised Mr. , Gilbert Scott six memorial windows, repaired houses for the poor, and in short was a Monte Christo and Howard in one. But the children were his chief care. He had a large barge built, with a cabin, and in this he used to treat the charity children to delightful jaunts on the river Trent, with buns, marmalade, and ginger beer. One day, when the whole school was out with him, he was noticed turning a handle that seemed to work upon something at the bottom of the boat. Ten minutes later the barge went down in twenty feet of water. There were no Bign» of the good old man, but a slightly dressed and very hand- some young man was seen running along the bank in the direction of a small railway station. The charity Behool had disappeared. t"And now, love," said Chirk Gobowen, looking into the beautiful eyes of his wife, " We have done all, and may be calm and happy for the reit of our lives. Now we can arrange »ur separation." ," Ye-s, if you wish it," said Caroline, with some- thing of a wistful look. " You don't? " he said, softly. " Do you wish me to Bay yes.' "No." And the young husband and wife were in one another's aims. May they be happy! Taught energy and reso- lution by early trial, taught mutual confidence by the necessity of conjugal trust, why should they not be happy ? They had learned to know one another, and the sweet evening star that shone mildly down upon their re-union seemed to them a harbinger of blessed and virtuous days to come.-Punch's Pocket Book. THE F AI-EII or BANK NOTES.-The paper upon, which the noteB of the Bank of England are printed is manufactured from the whitest and best of linen rags, by one furn at Laverstoke, in Hampshire. It ia made in sheets sixteen inches long and five inches; wide, each being designed for the printing of two notes. They are divided in the middle after leaving the press ; therefore every note issued by the Bank of England has three rough or deckle edges and one smooth edge. The paper and watermark have always been the great difficulty to makers of forged notes, BO> much BO, that even experts have been deceived by it ; but spurious paper has never up to the present time stood the test. In the recent robbery of bank paper from the mills, which caused so much anxiety to the public, the forgers had an opportunity such as they never had before, «nd, it is to be hoped, never will ' have again ; yet, even with this advantage, they were entirely unsuccessful. The paper appears to have been taken from the mills unsized ; and the after-sizing; was badly done, giving a dirty appearance to the notes ; in fact, to those whose duty it is to examine notes all day long, this appearance gave to these notes an uncomfortable, suspicious look. A quantity of paper (enough for making about 990,000 notes) is for w arded to London once a month. It is delivered to the bank-note paper office, where it is counted, and then handed to the printing- office. After passing; through a machine which prints all but the numbers, dates, and signatures, it is returned to the paper-office. In this transition state it is kept in store. As notes are required, it is again passed through a machine for completion. Each sheet is then cut in half, as before stated, making two noteB. They are counted, and carefully examined by cashiers, whose duty it is to reject ail notes which are indistinctly printed, or are imperfect, for the Old Lady is very particular on this point-tied up in bundles of one hundred notes each, and five of these bundles in one, making a large bundle J . of five hundred notes. The average daily manufac- ture is about thirty-seven thousand notes, or seventy-four bundles of five hundred notes, each bundle weighing one and a-half " pound. The number of notes'made in a year will be over eleven and a half millions, the paper weighing more than fifteen tons. Booka are printed at the bank, with a record of every note issued. Every note presented at the bank for payment is marked off these ledgers on the day following, the date of payment being stamped on the note and in the ledger. Should a forged note by any chance be passed, the impostor would assuredly be turned out the following day, on reference to the ledger for posting it. About thirty Eeven thousand notes are presented daily for payment. They are cancelled by having the signature torn away, and two holes, the size of gun- wadding*, punched through the amount in the left hand corner of the .note. Every such note as kept at the bank ten years ; and the boxes I containing these notes, if placed end to end, would reach from the Bank to Kew-bridge, or more than nine miles. The authorities take pnde in the fact that, 'should reference to any of these notes be required, by furnishing the number, date, and amouut in ten minutes it would be placed before you. The notes ere burned once a month ; and the practice now is to place them in a biick furnace, the smoke from which passes through water, thus- avoiding all unpleasant- ness. The Old Lady has some curiosities in the way of bank-notes. There is a note for one million ; a note for £565, dated 1699, bearing several receipts on the frent for part payment, as, at that time, payment on account could be taken ; a £25 note, which was in, .circulation 111 years-this amount, at compound interest for the time, would amount to £6000 ; a £1000 .note with which Lord Cochrane paid his fine. Chambers' Journal. Ii SUBE SIGNS OP COMING CHRISTMAS.-When John answers the bell the first time, and brings up the newspaper the moment it arrives ; when Mary is absent not more than ten minutes on an errand that can reasonably be executed in five, and abstains from holding nocturnal assignations over the railings at the area gate ; when Cookey serves up the dinner precisely to a minute, and keeps the dish-covers in a state of brighter effulgence than usual ; when young Buttons does not play at pegtop in the hall passage, or go about the house whistling, or humming fragments from the " Little Warbler," or shake the house from head te foot by giving energetic imitations of the " Perfect Cure " for the amusement of the servants in the kitchen; when everything is nicely dusted, and every one rises in the morning at the ringing of the very first bell ; when master's slippers are to be found always in the right place, and he hasn't to hunt half an-hour for them with poor cold feet, under the bed, inside the wardrobes, up the chimney, and everywhere until he finds them ; when a long letter comes from Master Jackey at school, trumpeting forth the most wondeiful "accounts of scholastic improve» ment; when the young ladies.aie most exemplary in their attendance at the breakfast table ; when the youngest daughter is detected furtively embroidering a fioncultural pair of slippers, era highly illuminated pair ; when mamma keeps the housekeeping-book down to a degree of unexampled lowness ; when the dustmen clear away the rubbish, and make no demand for " beer *," when the postman touches his hat as he meets you coming out of the door, and the pew« opener curtsies so low you are afraid she is going to fall down upon the floor ; when the beadle does not look so black, or the hulking big chimney-sweep (we .poor relations timidly leave their cards, and clerks perform unparalleled prodigies of penmanship ; when the abominable waits drive every wink of sleep from your virtuous pillow ; but when in all other respects nothing but peace, and cheerfulness, and cleanliness reign paramount in the house, to say nothing of your nightcap being aired regularly every night-then it is high time that Paterfamilias should take warning, and, considering his cheque-book carefully, look out Bccotdinclv I- Pimrh i TBEABUBEB AT ONE'S BA.NH.EHS -The money, bul- lion, plate, jewellery, deeds, law .instruments, and other lnvaluables of depositors are, at least, of some importance to themselves, who number thousands. .Besides, public confidence, the growth of many cen | turies,'Buffer« a sudden shock, very mischievous to all Îiarties, when one of these institutions comes to grief; tfe-preservers, Btrong boxes, bars and bolts, insurance 11 companies, and safeguards against fire, go up to apre imium; and even those who do not directly share in the calamity, button up their breeches' pockets against , the convenience a banker would afford them ; whilst those who go on trusting, sleep the i worse for it in their beds at night. Twenty * four millions are thus disposed of among the twenty banks of Scotland only, where the system i flourishes certainly in luxuriance. The thrifty habits of the North Briton have urged him to devise a means of advantageously disposing of the fruits of his | economy ; so that the common opinion, that the ins ti i tution of deposit banks fosters careful habit« among j the people of Scotland, is taking the stick by the wrong end. However, to be one of those whose savings go to make up the million which at this figure is somewhat less than the treasure in the keeping of but one of these institutions, makes even a Scotchman nervous when ideas of a banker's insolvency enter his. 1 head.-0*we a Wttk, > > . < >- . 