THE RIDE OF A WOUNDED BRIGADE. They were loadei upon the train j two platform cars were paved with them, forty on a car. Seven boxes were so packed you could not set your foot down among them as they lay. The roofs of tho cars wore tiled with them, and away wo pounded, all day, all night, into tho next morning, and then Nashville. Half of the boys had not a shred of blanket, and it rained steadily, pitilessly. What do you think of platform cars for a triumphal procession wherein to bear wounded heroes to the tuno of ' The Soldier's Return from tho War?' Bat the stores of the Sanitary Commission and tho gifts of such ladies as are now, I believe, makinsr your citv a Bethel — a place of angels — kept the boys' hearts up through all those weary, drizzling hours. It is midnight, and the attendants aro going through the train with coffee, graced with milk and sugar — think of that — two fresh, whito, crisp crackers apiece, and a little taste of fruit. Did your hands prepare it, dear lady ? I hope so, for the little ba lance in y.our favor set down in tho ledger of God. Here they come with a cantoen ; will you go with them ? Climb through that window into a car as black as the Hole of Calcutta. But mind where you ttcn : the floor is one layer deep with wounded soldiers. As you swing the lantern round, bandages snow whito and ghastly everywhere ; bandages, bandages, and now and then a rnsty spot of blood. What worn-out, faded faces look up at you ! They rouse like wounded creatures hunted down to their lairs as you come. The tin cups extended in all sorts of hands but plump, strong ones, tinkle all around you. You aro fairly girdled with a tin- cup horizon. How the dull, pale faces brighten as thoBo cups aro filled ! On we go, out at one window, in at another, stepping gingerly among mangled limbs. Wo reach the platform carg, creaking with thoir drenched, chilled, bruised burdens, and I must tell you — it's a shame though — that ono poor follow among thorn lay with a tatterod blanket pinned round him ; he was literally sansculotte. ' How is this?' I said. '' Havon't got my descriptive list — that's what's the matter,' was the reply. Double al lowance all round to tho occupants of the platforms, and we retrace our steps to tho rear of the train. You should have heard the ghost of a cheer that fluttered like a feeble bird, as we went back. It was the most touching yoto of thoiiks ever offered; thero was a little flash up of talk for a minute, and all sub sided into silence and darkness again. Wearily wore tho hours, and heavily hammered the train. At intervals the guards traversed tho roof of the cars, and pulled out the worn-out boys that had jarred down to the edtres — milled thmn townrd Mm middln of the cars without waking them ! Occasionally one slips over tho eaves, I am told, and is miserably crushed. What a homoward march is all this to set a tune to ! By some error in appointment, there was not qnite coffeo enough for all on deek, and two slips. of boys on tho roof of the car where I occupied a cornor were left without a drop. Whenever we stopped, and that was two hours hore and three hours there, waiting for this and for that — thero was no hurry, you know— and the side-door was slided back in its groove, I saw two hungry faces, stretched down over the car's edge, and heard two feeble voices crying — ' We have had nothing up here sinoo yesterday noon, we two — there are only us two boys — please give us something. Have'nt you got any hard tack?' I heard that pitiful appeal to the officers in chargo, and saw those faces till they haunted me, and to-day I remember those plaintive tones as if I were hear ing a dirge. I felt in my pockets and haversack for a cracker, but found nothing. I really hated myself for having eaton' my dinner and not saved it for them. A furthnr search was rewarded with six crackers from tho Chicago Mechanioal Bakery, and watching my chance when Pete's back was turned — tho cook, and a smutty autocrat was Pete iu his way — I took a sly dip with a basin into tho coffee boiler. As the oar gavo a lurch in tho right direction, I called from the window, ' Boy3 !' I hoard them crawling to the edge, handed up the midnight supper j ' Bully for you,' they said, and I saw them no more. When the train reachod Nashville, and I clambered down to solid ground again, I looked up at tho roof ; it was bare. God grant the boys are with their mothers tonight.- ' And how do you like the ride of tho wounded brigade?— Correspondent of the Chicago Journal. 