SOCIAL. Since the date of our last Summary, lion! hay-making to a great extent has been indulged in by the people of Queensland. The festive season of' Christmas was light wo!! observed, and notwithstanding the difference of time, it was universally looked upon as much an occasion for merry-making as it is in old England. It is Imo that picnics and excursion parties were substituted for indoor gatherings), and the mistletoe branch was represented in name only; and, that instead of the mail re-creating " snapdragon and oft-repeated ghost stories, there were iced drinks and occasional references to cool ] nial experience, However, the Christmas of the year which has passed away was kept up in a manner which speaks well for the condition of all classes of the community. The first day of the new year was appointed as that on which the census of the population of the colony should be taken. Although the returns are not yet all made, those which have been received show the effects of the immigration which has prevailed during the last year or two. Taking for instance the towns of Brisbane and Ipswich, we find the comparative numbers as follow :? On the 7th April, 1861. . Wales. Females. Total. Brisbane ... .'.. 3179. 1. 2872 ... 6051 Ipswich ;.. .:. 1667 ... 1020 ... 3287 On January 1st, 1864.. . . Brisbane. fish ... 0052 ... 12,399 Ipswich .... 2292 ... 2153 ... : ' +445 Those figuresroprcsont tho ?? inhabitants of the town portion of the police district of each piece It will thus be seen that in nearly three years the population of the capital of the colony has been doubled at the same time it must be home in mind that the majority of the immigrants from Europe are scattered over the country districts. If Christmas Day was observed as a holiday, January 1st was still more so, as there were many who, from various motives, objected to regard the former except as a holiday of the Church. Caterers for amusements contrived to put before the public induce- ments to leave their business for the nonce, and throw off all care ; and truly it may be regarded as a good omen of the future when the people of a colony enter so generally into the observance of a holiday as they did on New Year's Day last. The excitement is now over, and all are forming schemes they hope to see carried out in the course of the present year. That it will be one of importance to us as a colony there is little doubt, inasmuch as several large works will be inaugurated, for the erection of which the country will have to raise money by the sale of debentures. Already preparations are being made forturniiigtliosod of our first railway, and for laying the foundation-stone of a Town Hall. There is a prospect of contracts being soon taken for the erection of a bridge to unite the north and south portions of the city, and but for the antagonistic policy of the present ministry, we should, ere this, have been in a position to record the commencement of works for supplying the inhabitants with good water. Whilst large public undertakings are likely to be carried out during the year, a desire is manifested more and more by private individuals to in- vest their capital in buildings of all descriptions and there is reason to believe that the first day of the year ISES. will dawn upon a Brisbane of far larger extent than that of the present day. in ; 15 at?':' As usual the close of the year was celebrated by a series. of scholastic examinations, and we have reason to be proud of the many well-conducted . educational institutions which have of Into : been established. Some idea of the progress, we have made in this respect, may be formed when we mention the fact that on the last day of the year seven hundred children belonging to the Episcopalian Schools met to enjoy a juvenile gala. The scene presented by the large congregation of happy-looking, childish faces was in itself sufficient to show the attachment which prevails in this colony to English institutions. Leaving this interesting picture we turn to another far less inviting, namely, the conduct of the government of the day, it is gratifying to know that they cannot justly be now termed a popular government, as, by their late actions, they have estranged the majority of their supporters. Their mode of conferring appointments of great importance has" been distinguished by its disregard to public opinion, and the policy pursued by them generally since the prorogation of parliament has drawn forth the most unfavorable criticisms. Whilst finding fault with their proceedings, as a rule, we cannot but give them credit for the manner in which they are pushing on the railway surveys, and their desire to establish a line of telegraphic communication with Port Denison's place rapidly becoming of great interest. This work is deemed by them and the colony generally, as of the greatest importance, as it will be a stride towards the completion of a direct Anglo-Austral line. During the month the Council of the Queensland Acclimatisation Society held a meeting, at which many matters of interest were discussed. In tho'course-of a few weeks the now reserve will be nearly fenced around, and the society will be in a position to carry on operations on a larger scale than it is at present in their power to do. The arrival of the Light of the Age, by which several animals are expected from England is anxiously looked for, and on the other hand several animals are now on their way to England from this colony. In another column a short report will be found of the meeting we have referred to, and it will be seen. by it that an attempt has been made to rear the scrub turkeys bird which is considered of great value in the mother country. As considerable care and experience is required in the roaring of the ) turkeys it is hardly to be wondered that the first attempt has proved unsuccessful. That very useful institution, the Servants' Home, to which we directed attention in our last summary is succeeding beyond the expectations of its projectors, It is now in thorough working order, and has already been of benefit both to those who have made it their temporary home and to the employers of servants. It is under the supervision of a committee of ladies who, holding weekly meetings and trnnsactiiigolltliohusinoss?thus follow the example of kindred societies in the mother country. The Right Reverend Bishop Tufnell lins hold a confirmation both in Brisbane and Ipswich during the current month. A large number of young people of both sexes at each place were admitted to Christian communion. The Right Reverend gentleman also held an ordination at the Church of Saint John the Evangelist, on Sunday, December 20th, when the Rev. James Matthews, of Saint Augustine's College, Canterbury, and the Rev. William Henry Dunning, of Christ's College, Tasmania, were admitted to the priesthood and Mr. John William Dennis Horne, of Trinity College, Dublin, and Mr. Edward Symonds, of King's College, London, were ordained deacons. The rev. gentleman also has appointed the Reverend Benjamin Florrie, U.A., of Christ's College, Cambridge, to be Archdeacon of Brisbane, lt is stated that Bishop Tufnell contemplates visiting England in February, and returning to this colony in October We may here mention that a series of Evangelical prayer meetings were held in accordance with custom, on the commencement of a new year. They were generally speaking, very well attended by members of the various Protestant denominations. But little has been done of late in connection with the newly-formed Queensland Gas Company, but we understand that the shares have been taken up as freely as was expected by the promoters. At Ipswich, a company based on similar principles has been formed. In regard to indoor amusements, there is little to be said. Two or three pleasant concerts, given by Miss Kramer and Mr. Kopp, have constituted the musical attractions of the month. Mr. Kopp is a new arrival in the colony, and promises to be a very valuable acquisition to his profession. In tho course of a few days, a series of operatic entertainments will be given by a portion of Mr, Lyster's Opera Company, including Mr. Farquharson, who has, on a former occasion, visited Brisbane. We are still without a building suitable to either concerts or theatrical representations, and there appears a probability that we shall remain in that state of destitution until the new Town Hall is completed. Among our field spelts cricket is becoming the most popular, and uotwiistaiidiiig the supposed in returns of our climate for the encouragement of a cause which requires so much physical exertion. Several very nice matches have been played. The new club which was fanned by a number of gentlemen, formerly residing in Victoria, has given an impetus. r to the game, and they are constantly issuing or receiving challenges. At first they were very unfortunate, but have latterly had no reason to be ashamed of the lack of skill. From the Calliope gold field good accounts 1 continue to be sent, and now and again rumours of heavy finds are conveyed either through the columns of the local journals or through private sources. A nugget weighing 9 pounds was certainly obtained und instances of other large pieces being disentombed and occasionally recorded. At the Talgai diggings the miners have been following the example of the townspeople and keeping holiday so that no very startling accounts have been received from here of late. There appears, however, to be an impression on those who have visited the district that a good gold-field will yet be found in it. Several fatal accidents have caused an increase in our monthly bill of mortality ; most of them resulting from boat accidents or from intemperance. Our criminal statistics still compare favorably with our population, although of late we have received several unwelcome visitors from the neighboring colony of New South Wales. Among the most exciting events in Police Court annals was the escape from confinement of a Ger- a man named Vulkoubarg, who was remanded on a charge of forging a cheque for £295 I on the Commercial Bank of Sydney. The man, it appears, had some accomplices both [ in this colony and Sydney, and evidently intended to make his visit to Brisbane profitable. He effected his escape by means of loosening and then bending a bar of the window of-his eel!, and has since succeeded' including the vigilance of the police. It is time we received a fresh importation of immigrants, as the Home is nearly deserted, and there are many complaints made of the difficulty of obtaining good servants. This is another proof of the prosperity of the colony with which the present year has opened. There is reason to believe it will will continue if we only have a liberal government, and one honest to the people 