MB. SPUBGEON AND THE EVAN GELICAL CLEBGY. [From the Patriot.] The apologists for the Evangelical clergy have been reinforced by the Ber. Dr. Octavius Winslow, the well-known Baptist minister, of Bath, who ranges himself alongside the Hon. and Ber. Baptist Noel in rebuking Mr. Spur geon for his lack of charity. He preached a sermon the other Sunday from the words — ' Grace be with all that lore our Lord Jesus one of the Bath papers. The following is the principal passage in it : — ' I will gire place to no man liring in my profound abhorrence of the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration. I believe it to be one of the most insidious, ensnaring, and fatal heresies which the genius of error ever invented. From the treacherous side of this plank, gory with the blood of souls, thousands hare slidden into the dark abyss — substituting an outward risible rite for the internal work of the Holy Ghost in the spiritual regeneration of the soul. The Lord keep us from this fatal delusion, and gire us all to experience that new birth without which we oanaot enter heaven ! But repugnance to this doctrine, and a solemn protest against its dissemi nation, does not necessarily inrolre a violation of Christian charity, an impeachment of the piety, integrity, |and honesty of any order of Christian men, or the excommunication of any one branch of the Christian Church. To de nounce the Evangelical clergy of the Church of England, because they do not preach the doc trine of Baptismal Begeneration ; to stigmatise their conduct on this ground as ? equivocal and shuffling,' their course as ' inconsistent and dis honest,' as 'one of the gravest pieces of im morality perpetrated in England,' as ministers ' whose friendship honest men neither ask nor accept,' is to come under the censure, in its greatest breadth, which our Divine Master once pronounced upon those who breathed a like spirit of condemnation. 'Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of.' I hare no right to stand between God and a man's conscience. Who made me a judge of my brother ? To his own Master he stands or falls. It ^were an im pertinence and a presumption in me to foist my interpretation of any article of faith subscribed to by a body of godly men, either upon their conscience or their ministry. It is enough for me that the Erangelical clergy of the Church of England ignore, as I ignore, the doctrine of Baptismal Begeneration, and preach, many of them, with far more simplicity and power than I preach, the glorious Gospel of the blessed God. My firm conriction is, that not one of the 9,000 Evangelical clergy of this land really believe that the Church of England teaches that doctrine. He honestly belieres the con trary, and so he subscribes and so he preaches. I hare heard many of them assert that, had the decision in the Gorham case been adverse to their convictions of truth — in other words, had the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council pro nounced that the doctrine of Baptismal Begene ration was the true teaching of the Church of England — they would hare seceded from her ministry. I am bound, therefore, in the exercise of Christian charity, to believe that the Evan gelical clergy do not interpret the Articles as teaching this doctrine, and therefore cannot justly be denounced as ' swearing to one thing, and preaching another,' thus guilty, in its most appalling sense, of perjury and dishonesty. That there are many of the clergy who so interpret the Articles, and who so preach them, I believe. But my business is not with them. It is with those who do not so interpret and who do not so preach them.' Dear Dr. Winslow, in his zeal for his Evan gelical friends, has immensely damaged their case ; at least, he rests their defence on the rery opposite ground to that which their own adro cates occupy. The Christian Observer under takes to show that all the Protestant Churches hold the doctrine of Baptismal Begeneration, and sets up a scheme of hypothetical regenera tion, dependent on the faith and prayers of the sponsors and clergymen who join in the prayers of the Baptismal Service. Other of their cham pions whom Mr. Spurgeon's sermons has brought into the field have undertaken to show that there is a sense in which the Erangelical clergy may blamelessly and consistently hold this dogma. The Ber. Charles Wills, in his attack on Mr. Spurgeon — impertinent in its style, and doubly impertinent as coming from a man who has just seceded from the Erangelical Dissenters — affirms that the number of clergy who do not believe in Baptismal Begeneration is now very small, and is continually diminishing. Dr. Winslow had better make further enquiry, and if he should find, aa he certainly will, that he is quite mistaken in supposing that ' the Evangelical clergy ignore as he ignores the doctrine of Baptismal Begeneration,' and that ' not one of the 9,000 Evangelical clergy really belieres that the Church of England teaches that doctrine,' he will of course feel it his duty to denounce them as teachers ' of one of the most insidious, ensaring, and fatal heresies ever invented,' and for ever renounce the task of de fending them from Mr. Spurgeon or whoever else may attack them on the score of inconsis tency. When men of note amongst the Baptist ministry had taken upon themselves publicly to express their dissent from Mr. Spurgeon's posi tion, it was only proper that those of his brethren who thought that he had done truth a serrice should also publicly declare themselves, and it was no matter of surprise that the Bev. William Landels, of Begent's Park Chapel, announced his intention of preaching upon the subject last Sunday morning. The chapel was crowded to excess, and we suppose there are no two EpiB copal churches in the metropolis which habitually contain congregations anything like so large as those constantly attending the Ministry of Mr. Spurgeon and Mr. Landels. The text chosen by Mr. Landels was Mark xvi. 16 : ' He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved.' He began his sermon thus : — ' I hare announced my intention of delirering a discourse this morning on the subject of Bap tismal Begeneration, and therein reviewing the recent controrersy between Mr. Spurgeon and certain clergymen of the Church of England. Those of you who hear me regularly are aware that I am not in the habit of introducing contro verted questions into my pulpitministrations, nor even of giving prominence to those points of minor importance in which we differ from other Christians ; and ib may not be out of place that I should gire some reasons for thus deriating from my usual course. My great reason is that, owing to the interest excited, the present is a farourable opportunity for calling the attention of those who may hear me to what I believe to be the teaching of Scripture on the subject of baptism, and thereby disseminating that portion of Scripture truth which, though it be not of first importance, is nerertheless intimately con nected nofc only with the Church of. Christ, but with the fundamental doctrines of the Gospel. A second and subordinate reason is, that be lieving Mr. Spurgeon to hare rendered valuable serrices to the cause of Chrisfby the sermon which has occasioned this controversy, I think he deserres the sympathy and support of those who agree with him, under the persecution to which he is now exposed. . . Let me remark that'the question is not whether M r. Spurgeon has been so guarded in his language as he migh, and should hare been. I do not, for my part profess to endorse every word he has uttered Be' is accustomed to speak out plainly and strongly what he believes. And it may be that in this case he has spoken a little too strongly and uncharitably of men whom we highly es teem. This is to be regretted ; but it is a rery minor|fault in a sermon of such sterling excel lence, and does not affect the ground which he takes in his sermon as to the propriety of clergy men using the language of the Prayer-book and applying it to baptism as administered in the ten thousand churches of the land. He may hare^spoken harshly and uncharitably, and yet it may be true nerertheless that they are highly reprehensible in speaking as the Prayer-book requires them to speak of the baptized millions of our country. Making all necessary abatement from the undue strength of his language, in so far as it questions individual sincerity, it seems to me that his representation is sadly true. And I regret deeply that one whose praise is in all the churches, should hare neutralized its force by what I must deem the uncalled-for publica tion of a letter remonstrating with Mr. Spur geon on his want of charity. I should not hare expected that where a brother had spoken out so faithfully, Mr. Noel would hare used his in fluence to shield the clergymen of the Establish ment (as their exultant reference to his letter shows he has done) from the force of his re marks, especially when his own statements as to the insincerity which the use of the Prayer-book tends to foster, go far to justify all that Mr. Spurgeon has said. I wish deroutly that he had thrown his great weight into the opposite scale by remonstrating with those who use, on the most solemn occasions, words whose most obvious meaning differs from their conrictions, rather thau with one who, at the expense of much obloquy and persecution, has dared to say what he firmly belieres. ' Again, the question is not, whether Eran gelical clergymen are good menP We admit the goodness, the eminent godliness of many whom we know. If Mr. Spurgeon means to deny this — which I do not think he does — I for one must differ from him. But it does not fol low that because men are good, all that they do is right. Evil systems generally depend on the countenance of some good men for support. If only the bad' patronized them, they could not exist. And the thing most to be deplored in relation to this baptismal question is, that so many good men are found supporting an eril system, and using language which to the com mon understanding does not harmonize with their belief. We dare not question their good ness, but, believing them to be good, we cannot understand how, while they denounce the doc trine of Baptismal Begeneration, they can with a good conscience gire God thanks for having regenerated erery baptized child. To us it appears rery much like a good man lying unto God. ' Once more, the question is not, are there no faults among Dissenters ? We frankly confess that there are many. But we renture to suggest to our friends who remind us of them, as if by censuring us they justified themselves, that there is a great difference between faults which are the result of the defectiveness of human nature, and faults which an ecclesiastical system origi nates and conserres. Our serrices are faulty, because our characters are so. But the consti tution of our churches is such that there is no fault which may not be remedied— which will not be remedied as we ourselves adrance to a higher state of spirituality ; whereas the consti tution of tbe Established Church is such that the evils of which we complain cannot be remedied except by the consent and as the deed of the State. There may be, aa we are told, sameness in our prayers; but that is solely owing to the men who pray. Were t hey different the prayers might be distinguished both by rariety and ferror; whereas in the Establish ment the sameness of their prayers is prescribed for them by law. They cannot pray otherwise than they do until Parliament shall so ordain. In a word, we hare retained our Christian liberty, so that nothing hinders our churches being improved so soon as by our advancing character and intelligence we become capable of improving them, whereas the Church of England, by her union with the State, deprires her of the liberty of accommodating her services to her spiritual wants. We have no master but Christ, and may do in the Church whaterer Christ requires. The Church of England is under thraldom to an earthly power, and must do or leare undone, as that earthly power commands — whether Christ requires it or not.' Mr. Landels then proceeds to discuss two questions : First, ' Do the Scriptures teach that men are regenerated by or in baptism ?' which he, of course, answers in the negatire, and — Secondly, ' How far the language of the Prayer book is consistent with their belief ; or, in other words, whether or not the Prayer- book teaches the doctrine of Baptismal Begeneration ? ' Haring quoted and commented on rarious pas sages in the Catechism and Prayer-book, Mr. Landels says : — ' Can any doubt, after this, that the Church teaches its children to beliere that they are re generated — made the subjects of a spiritual and saving change — in baptism ? If it does not, we should like to know how it could — how the Cramers of its formularies could hare used words better fitted for that purpose. All the special pleading and religious interpretations of which men are capable, will never make them take any other meaning. As Mr. Spurgeon says, ' No process, short of riolent wresting from their plain meaning, can make them say anything else.' ' Can any one who candidly considers these quotations from the Prayer-book wonder at our perplexity, when we find erangelical clergymen, who do not believe in baptismal regeneration, declaring their unfeigned assent and consent to such language, and regularly using it, moreorer, on the most solemn occasions, eren giring thanks to the Almighty for having done what, ac cording to their own belief, He has not done ? Is it a wonder that with all our charity we can find no explanation of their procedure consistent with high-minded integrity and with unflinching fidelity to the claims of Christ ? We do not say there is no explanation, but we confess our inability to find one. We do not condemn, but they must excuse us if we say that we cannot understand them. Would they not deem us un charitable, we should like to ask — and we hope they will so far forgire us as to pardon the question — * Brethren, do ye so cordially approre of the language of the prayer-book that ye would use it if you were free? Were ye ministers of a free church — a church which recog nises no authority but that of Christ — or did the church of which ye are ministers leare you free to use the baptismal serrice or not, does it so accord with your views of Christian truth that ye would use it from choice P Do ye not wound your conscience a little, in order, I do not say that you may be ministers of a church whose worldly emolu ments are so large, and which presents so many splendid prizes — but of a church whose prestige adds to your influence and opportunities of use fulness — forgetting that ye ought not to do eril that good may come ? Alas ! we have a partial answer to these questions in the demand raised by some of your members for a rerision of the Prayer-book — that rery Prayer-book for which, in your controversies with us, ye are so ready to contend. There may be another explanation, but the only one which occurs to us is the fact that ye are not free. Ye receive the State pay, and ye must pray and profess to beliere as the State prescribes. Ye hare sold your Christian freedom for your ecclesiastical emoluments, and are in bondage, not only to your own people, but to all classes in the State — eren to the dis senters whom ye patronise or despise. As tax payers and roters, we are — we blush to say it — your masters, among others. Through our representatires we hare our share in determining what Articles ye shall beliere, and what prayers ye shall use. Nor can we reliere your consciences until your various taskmasters shall be sufficiently agreed to make the alterations for which some of you pray. Yet blame us not for your bondage. There is a way to freedom of which ye may avail yourselres now. Some of our number hare tried and hare found it, though rough, so bracing and healthful, that they cordially commend it to you. Would to God that you would avail your 8elres of it. Cease from your unholy alliance with an earthly power. Cease from calling any man master in matters in which ye should recog nize no master but Christ. Let not a regard for emoluments, or prestige, or influence, or use fulness, or anything else, rob you of the liberty which belongs to the meanest serrant of Christ. We love and esteem you now for your work's sake, while we lament your thraldom. Then, we shall bless you for the testimony ye hare borne to the supremacy of conscience; and rejoice in your courage for haring dared to claim for yourselves the freedom wherewith Christ makes His people free.' Three Church papers, the Clerical Journal the English Churchman, and the Church News, hare declared that Mr. Spurgeon is justified in the language he uses to the Erangelical clergy. The MA.GAZINE3.— The editorship of the Christian Witness and Christian Penny Magazine will at Christmas be relinquished by Dr. Campbell ; and we understand that the trustees have appointed the Bev. John Kennedy, M.A., of Stepney, editor of the former, and the Eer. F. S. Williams, of Nottingham of the latter, The Law of Copyright inCabtesde Vibite. ? The question raised between two rival photographers concerning the copyright in Muller's carte de visite has been decided. Mr. D'Bynoourt finds that Mr. Henderson took the portrait, and that Mr. Daniel copied it without leave ; but he also finds that Mr. Henderson took the portrait at the request of Muller, and that while Muller paid him 5s. for the first five copies, he never in writing gave up his copyright in it _ nor received any such valuable consideration as might be taken as evidence that he intended to give up his copyright in it. Under these ciroumstances Mr. D'Eyncourt is of opinion that the copyright still belongs to Muller, and that therefore Mr. Hen derson's claim against Mr. Daniel cannot be sus tained. They are both guilty of infringing the copy ight, and neither can prosecute the other. The Bhideuaid Engaged. — She is sparing of her smiles, is thg bridemaid engaged. Her manner is distant to a painful degree. She exercises none of her charms upon you ; she wishes you to understand that she is another's; she is so confoundedly anxious to give you no encouragement, that at times she is simply rude. The greater her beauty the more utterly extinguishing is this behaviour. Your efforts to get up a pleasant and easy conversation become more and more feeble ; and at last you sink back in your chair, silent, crushed, hopeless; feeling as if you were sitting on the shady side of an iceberg ; or as if, like the wedding-cake, you had been lately frosted, but not with sugar. Her reasons for thia conduct are sound enough. She is engaged to another, and she wishes to save you the disappoint ment which you will assuredly suffer in case you fall in lore with her — a misfortune she too hastily con siders certain, unless she puts some restraint upon her fascinations. Accordingly she restrains them so carefully that her smiles, like dogs in the dog-days, are all muzzled or led by a string ; and her glances are so cold, and her answers so curt, that, far from falling in lore with her yourselfj you are lost iu astonishment that another should have had the audacity to do so. There is but one way to thaw the coldness of the bridemaid engaged; lead her to suppose that you are yourself engaged, or still better, married, and she will be a different girl in a moment, — Chambers'^ Journal, 484 