GENERAL NEWS. HOW BUSINESS IN THE WAR OFFICE IS ATTENDED TO. (FBOH THE BUTTIES A&KT; iHD NAVT BETOEW.) At the risk of being considered tedious, we will give a sketch of " life " in tlie War-office between the hours of ten and four. Let us enter the room before us; it looks cool, and there is a screen in the corner which will effec tually conceal us, while we nape our obsecra tions, from the eyes of the officials who sit at those four square mahogany desks. It is just twenty minutes past ten, so we may expect those worthies immediately. Ah! here is one. It is a quiet old gentleman, dressed in black with a white neck-tie; he hangs up his coat, hat, and umbrella, takes his seat in an arm-' chair, and gradually falls asleep. While we have been describing him the other clerks have entered the room, and are preparing for the arduons duties of the day. "An other dun," says a young gentleman, look ing at the superscription of a letter he has just taken off his desk. "Confound the man, this is the third letter I hsve received from him in four days." He puts down the note, and pours some water into the tumbler containing the rose-bud which peeps through his buttou-hule when hois out of office. He yawne, sits Oown and glances larily at The Tina. " I say," observes an individual, witll a horse-shoe pin placed in the centre of his scarf, " Old Muddle has gone to sleep ; don't yon think we ought to wake him up to send out the report ?" Mr. Muddle opens his eyes with a start, murmurs something about a "long I walk, and fills up a form which he signs and sends to the head of the department by a messenger. During the next hour and a half there is a dead silence in the room. All the gentlemen (with the exception of the "chief," who is dozing over a minute paper) are hard at work at The Times. At last the young possessor of the rose- bud rises from his desk with a sigh ef relief and yawns. " Mr. Fitx Twaddle,' says the chief clerk, suddenly," don't you think you might try a little indexing?" 14 Ah, that's rather a good idea," replies his subordinate, seeing a way to kill time; " gire me the book." The book is given, and Fitz Tw&ddle; tries a little indexing. lie soon gets tired of the occupation, draws a caricature of his chief on some blotting-paper, looks at the clock, and leisurely puts on his (Mat, rose-bud, and hat. "Going to post a letter," he ob serves at the door, of the room. He pays his bosom friend Frimk liomind a visit on way to ihe hall, and the two young gentlemen start together** nmte for the Park. The individual with the horse-shoe scarf-pin now produoes a Dutch oven and a pork drop. Assisted by the other clerk, who rejoioce in a long beard and a rough head of hair, he cooks the meat at the official fire. This banqnet is then served on a dirty towel. "I aay, Wilkings/' eayn he of the bone-shoe," I think I shall bring a Soyer." " fkpital thing, sir; when I was down in War wickshire/' replies Wirings, «I found it of no nee. The merits of Warwickshire and the cbarme of sporting lite are then discussed for ■n hour, when a messenger, holding a paper in his hand, enters the room. "What do you want?" is the abrupt inquiry of Wilkiugs. "Mr. Brownley, sir, says can he have 22s., 164th Foot, 994." " ho, he can't have it imtil Tuesday," replies the clerk, and then con tinues an anecdote he has been relating—" so the squire told him to lie still, touched the mare with the spur, and cleared the ditch like a bird." " A capital leap," the man with the hone-shoe obeerres t H but when I whs down in Devonshire I—^ end th* anecdote of Wilkings it trumped. Mr. FiU-Twaddle now returns from his promenade. He divided his afternoon into three portions: the first he devotes to holding levees attended by Frank Nomind, the second to yawning, end the third to a little indexing. Mr. Wilkings employe his time in writing the "Town ffklk," for the Aehtsmilc hfercury, and the gentleman in the scarf-pin, have nothing particular to do, re-peruses The Timet. The small hand ofthe1 clock sluggishly moves towards four, and when it pornts to that hour the room is deserted. AxOtheb AuoticiK SfoKiBTEKr.—Brother Ignatius has found a rival. There is about to be ffoUished in Kewoastle a monastic order, the objecte of whose mission are to comprise the education of the poor, the visitation of the poor and sick, the propagation of the doctrines of the Cfautoh of England, and preaching. The chief of the new fraternity, to whioh « to be assigned the title of the " English Order of Mercy/1 is the Bev. Brother Paul, of Bloom fleld-terraoe, Grorrenor-road, London. The brothers still live in communito, and **">ir bahit is a black serge cassock awThelt, with a aombrielto for the bead. The rules are that all shall rise at six every morning, when prayer, meaiUoon, M*d other matter* oocupv the time till hnakbat. Duties again com mence, and last till twelve, when dinner is served. Becreation is allowed till two. Duties again till five. Tea at seven i and office and dispel till ten, when all retire to rust. The superior states that none will be allowed to iom the order unless they can produce good testimonials aa to their efficiency and good living. The novitiate lasts for six months, at the expiration of which the vows of poverty, | chastity, and implicit obedience are taken. Die order is very poor, and the superior is appeal ing to the public for help, as the establishment is to he opened in a month's time.—Newcastle Chronicle. . Dtatarwa vo Blocespe Bovxabs—Ux jntWo. Chssi awD CAmcse.—Two chases of Mocmae runners, and both of an interesting nature," are reported lgr toe Persia. The first, after the Will-o'-the-Wisp, a notorious blockade runner, wee kept up by no fewer than four blockadera, oil otvfhfohene successfully eluded. She wee from Wilnftngton with cotton for Haeaa, end wee duied for nearly twenty I home, elmoet the entire time within range of I her punnets' gun*. The eeoond cheee, after | the Confederate etemner Matagorda, bonnd from Chdveeton to Hevannah with cotton, and which resulted in her capture, is of a much more exciting nftturcp wd con pcthaps be beat recorded in the words of an officer on Iward •the United Statee ateamer Magnolia •■—''We were cruising off the island of Cuba, and had up to yesterday (September 21) encountered nothing woree than a fresh gale of wind. Testerdey afternoon, however, a sail was reported from the masthead bearing south, and shortly afterwards made out to be a steamer on a westerly course. All steam and sail were made on the Magnolia, and off we went after her. The chase soon saw her position, and dapped on all canvas, frequently altering her conree and making sail, all the time omitting from ber chimney dense black emokc. Things now become exciting, and our captain, in order to get up all steam possible, expended pork, pitch wood, Ac., which you may be sore had the desired effect. It soon became evident that the chase was being rapidly overhauled, for at six o'dock (three hours after firet signalling her) we were but six miles from her. The forward pivot-gun was now brought to bear on her, and requests to heave to in the shape of shot and shell sent over. Bnt no; under eleem and sail ebe went, actually flying through the water, we at no lew speed following. We now began in earnest; ehot and shell were fired continually from all our guns, and the bursting of the shells OTer and all round her was awful to look on. At ten o'clock a lantern was shown OTer 4ier side, and she hove to, upon which our executive officer boarded her, and found her to be the Matagorda, from Galveston for Hevannah. About 500 bales of cottoD were in the hold, 200 having been thrown overboard during the chase. She had severed passengers, including ladies and children, and a crew of 26 men, whom, as well as the ship, in charge of a prixe crew, we escorted to Key West." A Badeh letter mentions that Mile. Keller, an actress of the Palais Eoyal Theatre of Paris, who had arrived in that city, deter mined to try her luck at the gaming table, and was fortunate enough to find herself at the expiration of three-quarters of an hour a wiu ner of 37,000f. She was so wise as not to tempt the fickle goddess any further, and the same day started for Paris, probably wishing to resist the temptation to play again. A EikgclaB Will Case.—A somewhat extraordinary will case, occupying two days in investigation at the Preston County Court, was brought to a dose recently. The plantifl was a woman named Ann Archer, and the defendant was a man named Robert Woods. Both reside at Preston. The action was brought by the plaintiff, who is fifty-eight years of age, to obtain possession of the estate and effects of an old man, nearly eighty yeans of age, named John Woods. Some months before his death Woods became acquainted with the plaintiff, and eventually they agreed to get married. On the 24th of last May he had a will drawn up, in which he bequeathed all his furniture, goods, and chattels to the plaintiff. Afterwards he gave her the will; but in a fortnight, and before the marriage had taken place, he died. The plaintiff then claimed the money, furniture, Ac., of the deceased, who was in comfortable circumstances, but the defendant, his son, and four of his brothers and sisters, resisted the claim, on the ground that their fktlier, at the time he made his will, was in an unsound state of mind. The case was sent to the Probate Court, in London ; but as the sum in dispute was below £300, it was referred back for adjudication to the Preston County Court. The evidence for the plaintiff was to the effect that the old man Woods, although of an eccentric disposition, was of sound mind, that he made his will whilst in his right senses, and that lie had " courted " the plaintiff, who described herself ns a widow, because she had never seen lier husband for eighteen Tears, on perfectly rational and voluntary principles. Two of the attesting witnesses of the will have Btaled that when the deceased made his will he " was not his own man." One of thcin said he read over the document drawn out two or three tiuiee, and that the deceased would have the name of the plaintiff altered from Ann Woods to Ann Archer Woods, remarking at the same time that, although not his wife, she would be "in five weeks." The witnesses for the defendant showed that the deceased was for some time before his death an imbecile. The jury did not agree upon a verdict, and they were dismissed, the case being left for the decision of the judge. A Tba»' is a Hobeicake. — A railroad train rtrantly on its way from Cicciunati to Cbiiaeo was bloau from tua track, at a point Dear WittLtUV-bridge, fifteen miles below La* renctburgh, by one of the most teniffic toinadces that have ever visited that section of the country. As the train ap proached the bridge, the atmosphere seemed filled with blanches of frees and missiles of various kinds, which the wind bad taken up in its path, end the engineer, thinking the bridge unsafe, increased the speed ol the endue so as to reach the protection of the hills beyond. He wsb too lato for the hur ricsne. resistless in ftaerergy. lifted the entire train into the air, and hurled the rear por tion of it over a steep bank, the baggage car, which was very heavily laden, taring whirled diagonally across the track and the rear of the first passenger car, still unoc cupied. being suspended over the precipice at the side of the track. The train which hap nsned to arrive at such an untimely moment, in the very foens of the wild hurricane, was moving, and the height of toe embankment down which the cars were burled, not one person was tlUed. This may be ciusidered a most miraculous escape, two of the caw a ySk'te'K forty persons were more or lesAlto ^ two ladles, names not known, probsbly fatally, one of toein, it i» thought, having sufitred a dislocation oi the Bplne.—Oman nati OattUe. Steaxge Case or Child Deseetion.-A ciuel case of desertion of her children by a mother took place toe other .day at Ouehunga. A targe number of the wives and families of militiamen stationed at toefroot were embarked on board the PrinoeAUred, to prooetd to toe Waikalo. Amongst them | was a woman with her two children, one WSB ft WOTBfttt WMI W wuA«a.«.t --- I tow* yean of age, the other an totaut of only twelve months. She remained on board only twelve morons, one until toe colonel In charge had made his in spection, and than, swearing that she would row go to toe Watkatp, mado her escape from toe vessel, leaving hertwo children to the mercy of strangers. The children. for innately for them, ®et with more contider atlon irom strangers than they did from their own mother-: bnt we trust that toe matter wtU be fauy Squired iata- lt,,u bad enough to have rebellion among the Mantles, but any attempt at insurrection among toe wives of the settlers against the.r litge lords will, we trust, Induce " jrtgow™ pieeecutfOB. —Ateis Zealand Ber aid, Nov. 9. Daboll'b Laege Fog Thump**.—'We men tioned a few months slnoe that toe English Government had given Mr. Daboll, the pioneer and inventor of tog whistles, an order for a large fog signal apratratos, Wearenow informed that the order required certain modifications before the work could be com menced, whidb. having.been completed. Mr. Daboll received an order from the EupUau Government by the last steamer authorising him to buhd and furnish the Government with a larger and mm powerful etgualloftoe kind) than hue ever been made. It wuloon elBt oftwotwenfer-ftmr-inch calorfo engines, plaoed side byttdeupon a platfonnorbed piste of eeto-bon. Upon the same Platfor ai will be two alr kanks or reoeivere. into whleh will he oosdenatd the Mr for blowlng the trcttDet But one engine.will be made use « at a time, the other being a reserve in caae of aocldeet, and either can bo fired up in about bMf au honr, The automatic arrange' meat by which tho trumpet it blown and smaller eigna! of thfa kind UatfeeMomaod •o Cm Bacemnst wait a while longer. Now ell this on the part of the Enriuh Govern ment fain striking coarart Wiethe (ann uel and nmlwneiaof opr Own Government In the matter cf more folly developing thle Important elgnul of protection to life and proprrty at sea. Bat there are a good manv rcrewslooae which moat wait for adjustment until the reople apeak next November.-jfe» Tori Btrali Wambwo Puora frnuom Waras.—A ror J^JPfident glvee f fntheretartllug acoonnt ®f. j!1* results of the long drought in three ^ If e w»terIog plaoes—Great Milvero, ChtlUnham, and Clifton -reducing them to the anomalous position of " watering places »«£??£ **}"•, f f°m tbe month of March i~a a1<"?cf '"t "wk (excepting fir a scarcely any rain fell in ' ifi!l '-e e^ect haa been suffi ciently remarkable for historical reoord. At Malvern the water pattenfa have been pat upon short allowance, end the main public spring „'r ®.,'°,nB tuoo dropped water in tnch small JUtf0 ,ike fi®? mlnute8 to fill a nimbler, while.a second sprlig at North Malvern was shot op. At Clitton the inha bitants were tven norm off, and the supply Quftn of watering places," the supply of the pure element haa been ao deficient as to call into existence a new water company. The teKurcefl of the old com|iaoy proved itukle qnate to the requirements of an increasing population, and; they applied to Parlla mint for a bill to take water from the Severn, nine miles off; bnt the inhabitants slrennously opposed if, and the scheme was abandoned. The company then sank a deep well in the centre of the town; bnt this only drained the present wells. A new company Mtie of "The Cheltenham Gloucestershire WaUr Company (Limited) " fcas consequently been formed, for obtaining a supply from a famous spring at Booth Cerney, on theCotewoid Hills, distant seven teen muea. These springs are of gnat parity, and yield over three million gallons of water B ./h6?.?' ahould i he project be carried out Cheltenham will have an ample and cer tain f apply for the future. '®am ftp?> Some that the uncovering of thei colossal bronze statue of " Young He? cules has revealed the entire length of the figure, and lhat the feet have been cut off I BJt P«tf«ct condition, having been placed between the legs of the statue for pre servation. The base of the figure Includes a Iw.t 5 *D,d the general conjecture is that the colossal statue itself onoe adorned the theatre of Pompsy, the ruins of which are near the spot where the exhumation ig going on, Pompey'a devotion to Hercules greatly strengthening the conjecture. The height of the statue is four metres twenty five centimetres. The actaai value of the bronze is calculated at 3,000 scudl, and the gold coating or gilding at 1,000 ecudi more; but it is reported tbat the Government, which J?*""?. to itself when selling the Palazzo Pro to Signer Righettf the right of purchase at an equitable late of all treasure-trove, will ere-re it at 100,000 scudi (about £21.000 of our money) for the Mueeo Vaticano. It will he Placed in the centre of the octagonal Bel vid( re Court, over which a glass roof is to be raised for the purpose, and commnnicitions '"rough openings to the wails will be made with the four cabinets which contaia the Lsocoon, the Apollo, the Mercury, and tanovas Perseus; ao that all these grand mesterpieces of art will be visible from the base cf the etfttae of Hercules. Pbivatx Stamps.—The private and com mercial postage stamp system of America is gradually being introduced here. A short time sinoe a company of carriers started iu Condon, for the purpose of conveying small parcels from one end of the metropolis to the other, at the extraordinarily low price of Id. per package. A spruce conveyance, with a dnver and conductor, stopped at your door, leceli ed the parcel, and then carried the same to its destination for the coin mentioned. The company does not take money, as much time is thus lost in giving change, some people never having any other coin than • sovereign to pay for the smallest object, but they issue stamps value one penny, and these can be readily affixed at any time, and the delay alluded to thus prevented. The stamps are very similar to the " Express" stamps of New York and Philadelphia. Some of our London railways now propose to issue stamps for the conveyance of small packages along their lines, from station to sta tion, their value to be determined by dis ."P?* Thus, from any one station to another y"h"I a length of fifty miles, 24.; 100 miles, J?.: 150 miles, 01.; or some such division. The Caledonian Railway has already com menced the issue of farthing stamp?, to pay for the trans-mission of newspapers along its route. The stamps are perforated ana gammed like our ordinary postage stamps, and are sold in sheets containing n dozen, the stamp bears the impress "Caledonian Kallway, No. . For one newspaper only. be called for by consignee at the station on the Caledonian Railway to which it ig ■ddressed. —London Review, Post-office Satuvgs babes.—The institu tion of the Post-office savings-banks to have been received with great favour in Warwickshire, where, in consequence of the -Birmingham ordinaiy savings-Dank having tisnsteired its butiuess to the new organlza l\00ioF? 2?^ was <*ne to depositors March 31, loot. The laigeet county deposits at feB *ere' however, in Middlesex, where , £i41,cb3 was due to depositors. Alter Mid ,V'*r*ickshire comes Surrey, with ,£?eiit. with £238,919: Lancashire, with £193.216; Staffordshire, with £171,641 f°!»b*®p'0D. with £148,678; Essex, with £120,602; and Yourkshire,, £118,656. The re 1 teaming English counties bad accumulated March 81, less than £100.000 each. the amount doe to depositors in Bedfordshire being £15,652; Berkshire, £26,468; Bucking hamshire, £27,694; Cambridgeshire. £81,363; Cheshire, £60,651; Cornwall, £26736 ;Oum "'"nd, £16.661; Derbyshire, £27.401; Dtvon BJ,lr£17.448; Durham, £64,816; Gloocestetshfre, £9^295- Hereford shire, £10,i68; Hertfordshire, £81,011; Hun Ingdonthiie, £14,985: Licesterabire, £21.604 • Lincolnshire, £40,1H); Monmouthshire, £26,257; Noifolk, £43 645; Northamptonshire, £29,931 • ^o'tfinniherland, £81,593; Nottinghamshire '• Oxfordshire, £82,230; Rutlandshire^ 6i,wy"p' ^.953; Somersetshire,; £64,630; Suffolk, £35,906; Sussex, 97,772 Wotmcreland, £11,047 ; Wiltshire, £80,309; and W orcestt rshire, £4S.10a The number of *5cou"t^, remaining open in Middlesex, "arch 81.,1864, was £790,088, out of a totai «t £82r,846 accounts remaining open at the lame date in all England.-fAe Tima. oupt 21. Th* Howukc Dos.—In the office osaignsd to the di g of i he Aryans, as a messenger from the world oi the dead, we sec the origin of tbat very widespread enperctition which recognises a death-omen in the howling of a dog. An inteliig<nt Londoner tells me he has often seen the omen given, and verified its fulfilment. The dog's mote of praceed JBgon such occasions, he says, U this The animal tries to get under the do rated peison s window; but ii the house stands within an enclosure, and it cannot get in. It tuns round the premises very un easily. or paces up and down, like a sentry. If the dog soooeeds in making an entry, it stopa under the window, howls horribly, finishee with three tremendous barks, and fief"'® ew*y." The same superstition pre vails in Franoe and in Germany. An the latter conntry, a dog bowling before a house por tends either a death or afire. If it howls along the highway, that is held in Westphalia to be a tureioken that a funeral will soon pass that way. in the German u in the Aryan mytho logr, (he dog it an embodiment of the wind, and also an attendant on the dead. Itan pears in both cbaraotere in Odio's will hunt. Dogs see ghosts, and when Hel, the goddess of death, goes about, invisibte to human eyes, she is aren by the dogs.-KtUg't Inio iuropmn Tnditim and Folk Lore. Thx laboist among the nnmbar of tha n«w £»>•« toeatres i« to be the Thfiatra Pari aitn, fa the middle of the jpopuiaUon of work ? «" tbeFenhomg St Antolne. It la to contain l.OOO pereoni. and the ptioe of adenta alon is not to exoeed one franc. Every kind of open, trendy, melodrama, comedy, fame. Initeid of edling lt to the apeoulator, merely bargained far flfty per oent. of the future nreipts, and haa given him thecimind far nothing. Another tboatra the Mfi&tre; Lt nyette, at the end iff the new boulevard of -that neue, ii intended chiefly for the Genmea populetion of La VilletteT tne neighbouring faubouit. The snort curiooe and tduuae torirtlo of ril will be the theatre to be ersotad to the FaubMrg St. Germain, intended only MdfrepedaipafaonaB#. " 'A astAi deotee famed at Madrid, nnadai* a oomailttee ofdirectorp to«reetaebtiuefa tonowof tarieiojStrOoIiimSr 