TEBIGIVESATio.i in a newspaper is sure to produce one of two effects if well followed Sup. It will either put an end to its ex s istence or compel its proprietors to change its name, and make a fresh start. Already have two out of the three principal Mel bourne Weeklies found it necessary to re sort to the latter alternative. The public z will always mark their appreciation of a "fast and loose" style of journalism by withdrawing their support, till the diminu tion of the circulation, and consequent fall ing off in the returns, points out the fallacy of continuing the publication. When the Weekly Herald was reduced to the price of old rags it was still found to be unsaleable, and it gave way to the Dispatch, as if by some strange interposition of fate; but of course it would never do to let the people know that they take in the ghost of the Herald. And now we are to have another literary Inxry, in the shape of the Austra asian which is about to make its delb in a more open and candid manner than the celebrated resnrrection of the Herald did. t is not even hinted that it is to be a "people's paper," but will stand upon its merits and size, which is to exceed any thing of the kind in the colony, and will be sold dirt cheap. We are informed in the prospectus that the Australasian will combine and extend all the leading characteristics of the Weekly Argus, the Yeoman, and the Examiner. What a delightful print the Australasian will be ! The Argu~, which has in a most energetic manner endeavoured to prove that the country is totally unfit for agriculture, suitable only for the squatter, is to be com bined with the Yeoman, which has been continually drawing pictures of the colony as farmers' paradise, only requiring a few sparrows to make it perfection. We are ignorant of the merits of the Examiner, but if scarcity increases value, then the Ex aminer will form no mean ingredient in the literary treat which is in course of prepara tion under the title of the Adztralasian, which will, if the prospectus be carried out, be a splendid collection of compound con tradictions and absurdities. The Argus finds that is impossible to play an attractive tune on the old string, which is, in fact, worn out. The people have satisfied themselves that the country is fit for agriculture, and the Argue once more finds itself compelled to go with the stream. When it cannot direct public opinion it follows it; and for fear its former reputation should cause it to be too much jostled, it is to be re- christened, and launched on the stream of popularity under the title of the Australasian. This is just what might be expected. When the public have been thoroughly gulled, a change be comes necessary, for detected deceit pro-I duces enmity; and an attempt to carry on a deception after it is exploded, renders l those who try the experiment objects of I ridicule. We hail with pleasure the changes that are now taking place.- It is a sign that the people are waking up to a sense of the real position of the country, when sophistry loses its power, and reason directs opinion. And every man who has the interests of the I country at heart must view with some de- I gree of satisfaction the fact that all those e papers which have stood so determinedly as barriers to progress, are now "getting done up" for the purpose of coming ouot as the champions of a liberal land system, And we weleome them in their new chracter,? and only hope they will maintain it. But if the cry is to be raised, as on former occasions, for the mere sake of opposition, then, we would ask, what should we gain by a change of Ministry? and who would be likely to succeed them ? Among all the numerous journals opposed to the present Ministry, not one word is said on this subject. Perhaps this is reserved for the A~strazarsiat. We shall no doubt hear on the 1st of October whether we are to have the late Ministry, or an entirely new lot of aspiranta to the disiinguished and payable honor of ofice, and the chance of a pension. If the whole of the Assembly were to agree upon a course of action with regard to the land, we should be no nearer to a settlement than we are at present ; nor can anything be done until some change is made, not only in the constitution of the Upper House, but in the class of men usually returned to that House. Until this is done, the country will continue to suffer from the effects of the unsettled, unjust, and ccnfused state of the land law. As eve'ry species of trickery has been used up in order to prevent a fair settlement of the land question, there is room for some hope that the country will not suffer a repetition to take place. It appears to us that the opponents of a moderately liberal land sys tem may carry their opposition too fa.r even to suit their own purposes. British states men know exactly how this country is mis managed; they are aware of the influence brought to bear upon the general welfare of the people. Sir Henry Barkley no doubt kept the Duke of Newcastle well advised of the state of affairs in this country. And there is no room for wonder in the fact that the British Government takes little or no notice of the ravings of the Argus on the convict question. And if the treachery, corruption, bribery and bchicanery used im mediately after the last general election is to be repeated, the people of this country have no chance left but to appeal to the British Government to settle the land ques tion for us. This would be humiliating after what the Southern Thunderer has said on the convict lquestion, but such a thing may happen; and we believe that an ex cessively largo majority would hail with pleasure the idea of receiving a little share of fair play at the hands of a Royal Com mission. The Argus never does well when out of employment. WFhen it was working for the Victori~an Association, it performed its work well, notwithstanding the dirty nature of the service; and it would be~ a supporter of the present Government if it could be made advantageous. But to support the Ministry would be to support the occupation license system, on an extensive scale, which would have deprived it of the support of the squatters, a sacrifice the Argus is not willing to make. The best guarantee of the honesty of the Ministry is to be found in the un scrupulous opposition of the Argus. It is time to change the name of the weekly edition. " On that my enemy would write a book" -no, we don't require a book, a leading article, such as the one published in the News of last week, is sufficient to show the most illiterate and biased friend of lIr. Furze, that as one of the managers of the commons, his game has been to manage it so that our common might be escheated to the Squatters. What has hitherto been done by the little cique with whom he has acted in the matter, has been done under the rose, buf the late discussion in the Supreme Court, in the case of the Queen v. Dallimore and others, appears to have de prived him of his usual reticence, or perhaps he sees no further necessity for concealing his designs, and considers it a first-rate op portunity for throwing off the mask of de ception, to stand forth the unblushing traitor to those for whose benefit the commons were granted ! "It is quite clear," says our contemporary, "to quote the words of the Chief Justice,. that the right of the Crown tenant may continue without dim inishing the advantafges granted to the commoners." The absurdity of thiis ishigh tened by its distinguished origin, but non sense is nonsense no matter by whom it is uttered We know that if the pastoral tenants have a right to depasture sheep on the commons, the advantages granted to the commoners will be so small, that there would be no possibitity of a diminution of these advantages. The question in the above case for the Court to determine was simply whether lands taken from a squatter for the purpose of a common reverted to the squatter after the common had been abolished, or to the Crown. The Judges appear to have seized this opportunity of making a well merited attack on the Duffy Land Act, and whatever the object of their honors, they have done the state same service; they have, as it were, condemned the Land Act of 1862; they have shown the people that it is not eapaple of securing to them the little advantages to be derived from the uninterupted use of the pieces of land set apart as commons, and which represent the only advantages gamed by the people during nine or ten years of an uninterrupted contest with monopoly. That every areek some fresh evidence of latent rascality is brought to light in con nection with the land Act, is no cause for surprise, for it is of a piece with the whole of the measure brought forwmad by the party to which the sneaking traitor to Ireland and Victoria beIongs. Dufly but tons up his pockets, and prepares to de part to enjoy his pension of a 1,000 a year ; while the people from whom it has ueen wrung are left to help themselves out of the awkward position in which this State pauper has placed them. But Mr. Duffy has only done, on a large scale, what one or two petty tricksters have at tempted to do at Heathcote, on a small scale. Mlr. Furze. who is one of the managers, and who is also editor, printer and pub lisher, of that old established paper, the iPlror Zels, thus speaks of the decision of the judges as a blessing. Hlie says: " Hencetbforth squatters will not be runelv " repulsed by ill-bred managers, because " they dare to approach them in solemn " conclave, and respectfully request to be "allowed to place a certain number of "sheep on a circumscribed portion of the " common." Our friend, alter continuing in this strain about bush fires, &c.;, as though a good crop of grass is a curse on a common, andti more likely to take fire than on a squatter's run, concludes by congratu lating the squatter that he can by law crowd our commons with his sheop, in spite of the managers. We do not accuse Mr. Furze of writing the article, he only published it. The folllowing paragraph is so suggestive, that we venture to say that no one would believe anyone who said it was written outside the Road Boardoffice. Speaking of the great extent of the com mon, as though it was dhisgraceflidly larje, our contemporary says :-" This large " tract of country is exempt from local " taxation under the Local Government " Act, by reason of its being a common; " but as a sort of set-off it is provided ' that the surplus funds are to be handed "over to the Road Board which la~t year "amounted to nil." Of course it wouldt be as well if a large amount could be derived from the common by the Road Board; it would make the Clerk's salary appear more in proportion to the income of the Boardl Let the case be, however, as it may, the squatter will not get our common unless he has a right to it; and if he can es tablish that, then there will be no necessity to bribe the managers or a discarded Sec retary to work the "oracle." 