A GHOST STOEY. A strange story is told in connection with the report of the murder at sea on board the barque Pontiao, of Liverpool, by Jean Moyatos, a Greek sailor, now in custody in Edinburgh. We do not know whether the particulars we are about to relate have come out in the investigation, bat undoubtedly they have a strong bearing on the case, and make it probable that but for the hallucination of one of the crew — not the Greek sailor — the murder wohM Tint, have happened. It may be remembered that on the 13th October last, five days after the Pontiac left Callao, Jean Moyatos murdered one of his fellow seamen, and stabbed another in snch a dangerous manner that his life was despaired of. Two nights before the fatal occurrence, the mate of the Pontiac was standing near the man at the helm, no other person being on the quarter-deck at the time, when, the latter in great terror called out, ' What is that near the cabin door?' The mate replied that he saw nothing, and looked about to see if anyone was near, but he failed to discover any person. The steersman then, much terrified, said the figure he saw was that of a strange-looking man, of ghostly appearance, and almost immediately afterwards exclaimed, 'There he is again, standing at the captain's window. The mate, though in view of the captain's window, saw no figure near it, nor at any other part of the quar ter-deck, though he looked round and round. Next day the report went from one to the other that a ghost was on board, which filled some of the sailors with alarm, while others made a jest of it. Next night, a boy (a stowaway) was so dreadfully alarmed in hi» bank by something he saw or felt (we do not know which), that he cried out so loudly as to waken all the Beamen in bed. The boy was sure it was the ghost seen the previous night that had frightened him ; and others of more mature years were inclined to think so too. Perhaps more than one-half of those on board believed that something supernatural was on board, and that some calamity was about to happen. But there were two on board who did not believe the ghost stories, and these were the man who was murdered and his Companion who was stabbed. The former joked with the boy about the ghost, and said he would have his knife well sharpened, and ready for the ghost if it appeared the next night. He would give it a stab and ' chuck' it overboard. The latter joined in the joke, saying he also would help ' to do ' for the ghost, and others Baid they would have letters ready for the ghost to carry to then: friends in the other world. Jean Moyotos overheard what was said as to stabbing and throwing overboard, and in consequence of his imperfect knowledge of the English language, and having previously supposed that there was a combination against him, thought the threats were made against him, and therefore re solved to protect himself. A few hours after the jesting we have briefly explained took place, he stabbed the two men who principally carried on the jest, with fctiA fatal TAsnlt. Imnwn: rFliA -mnw^ai. n« **.;»1.4. be expected, filled everjr one on hoard with horror j and the terror of the sailors, who believed there was a ghost on board, was overwhelming. At night, whether in bed or on watch on deck, they had great dread, which was heightened by reports that strange noises were heard below. Not even at the end of the voyage had the fear been overcome ; for after the ship was moored in the docks two of the orew who agreed to sleep on board became so frightened after their companions were paid off that they refused to remain in the vessel at night.— Scotsman. Movements of the Alabama. — The following paper, says the New Tori; Times, was prepared in an official quarter, believed to be by Admiral C. H. Davis, the chief of the Bureau of Navigation: — 'The late news concerning the Alabama and the Wyoming involves two problems in navigation, the solution of which naturally gives rise to some discussion. The information is, first, concerning the Alabama, that the Alabama was at Singapore on the 22nd of De cember, and that she was at Amoy on the 2nd of January j second, the Wyoming was at Ehio (near Singapore) December 9, about to proceed the next day to Batavia, via the Straits of Gasper, where she was to repair her boilers ; and the additional infor mation concerning this vessel is that given by our Minister, resident at Kanagawa, and dated on the 19th, of January, that she was watching the Alabama at Amoy. It appears from the statements that the Alabama, after consuming some time in coaling, ascended the China Sea during the north-east monsoon, and at a time when it blows with the greatest strength, in 11 dayt, running a distance of 1,680 miles against the wind and current of the mon coon, and that the Wyoming ascended the whole length of the China Sea from Batavia to Amoy, a distance of 2,000 mOee, under the same circum stances, but without a similar limitation of time.. It is doubted, and very justly, by East India navigators, whether there is not some mistake in these dates. A feat similar to that now reported of the Alabama was performed by the English steamer Vixen, an account of which is given by her master, Allen, in the Nautical Magazine, and cited by De Kerhallet in his 27 Ocean Indien. After leaving Singapore she passed to the westward of the Anam bas, and then steered northeast, then passing north ward of the Natumas until she had reached the meridian of 112 deg. east longitude. She then steered north, carrying her fore and aft sails, until she had passed the P&racels;, when she headed directly for Hongkong, facing the monsoon. The distance is 1,522 miles, and it was accomplished in nine days and 23 hours, at a mean rate of 6*35 miles an hoar. The distance from Singapore to Amoy (the voyage of the. Alabama) would be performed in ten davs and eight hours at the rate of 6*8 miles an. hour j and, as the interval of time is 11 daVS this would allow her 16 hours for ooaline But if she consumed 24 hours in coaling, she would have accomplished her passage in 10 days at the mean rate Sf/SIE^rfrt. -^n£Ur- J* Octo^» I860, between the dates of the 10th and 22nd, the United States steam frigate Niagara made the passage from Batavia to Hongkong in 11 day. and 18 hours, which gives her a mean rate per hour of about 6-25 miles. Bat we find on examining her log-book that the wind was light, not exceeding an average of 2-8 until the second day before her arrival at Hongkong. In regard to the Wyoming the problem is not so difficult of solu tion. She was to leave Bhio on the 10th of De cember. She would probably reach Batavia, a distance of 500 miles, on the 13th. If we allow her a week for the repair of her boilers, she would leave Batavia on the 20th, and arrive at Amoy (the distance being 2,040 miles) on the 2nd of January, even if her mean rate of going was no more than 6*5 miles an. 176 