Edinburgh Etchings. SKETCHES OF PLACES AND PERSONS IN AND ABOUT AULD REEKIE. By PfcrER 'Possuat. ? -COMMON, s wins. Tho Englishman who has not travelled on the Continent is astonished when he first visits Edin burgh, at the prevalence of the ' common stairs' FyBtem. The number of ' .self-contained' houses in Edinburgh is, proportionately, very small. ?7 ' c New Town as well as the Old has its ? vj'y with two ' houses' on every ' flat.' In streets Tv'J'ieh at ^rst s'S^lt !lri'car sacred to ' '.ntility/tatiCoed from any touch of vulgar trade, ' '? tfujd ?buicj-1'S fnd bakers, fishmongers, J'ou ? i pnrrvin/* on a nuiet busi groPers- ' . airpy/' as a Cockney world say. reBB'-Joun *' n^irs'.are c-car-, well ventilated, Some of these stairs are clean, well ventilated, and well lighted by the windows in the day, and by gas by night. They have a street door, which is only opened when an ordinary street- floor is opened. On the door-p. . ^jgjj aro l.ell.ht.ndles, willi plates beneath, on i-ngraved the dift'erent tenants' names. \\\T\ hell is pulled, the servant of the house to whi, ' ?it belongs — however high i?p the flat may l-e— is able to°open .the door without coming down, 'faho pulls ft 'lift' and the -valve appears to awing back to the wall of its awn accord. There lire oilier stairs whoso doors arc only phut at night, and these ere not nearly so clean as those: I have just described. There are others which, have no doors; are 'lighted' by windows whose' , panes are encrusted ..with , the prime of years, and 'only get ventilated .when those panes are cracked, , (have no gas at night, and aro the rendezvous of; all the cats in the neighborhood. These places arc great nuisanccs. The cats are not the only; lovers .who tryst there. ; l.cnus suIj noctem susurri Composita * * * * hora are lieard, and the ? lutentiti pniilitoi- inllmo Urnliis puullie riwiii ab aiigulo Or rather the rh.us is not graUts, for yr,u are often compelled to .witness as you traverse tlie, entry and mo.unt the steps, most disgusting sieiits. Tlie stairfi I have as yet mentioned are those of tenements occupied by more or less \\\ ' deccnt' people. Many of the common stairs ol the Cowgalc, the Canongutc closet., and the wvands, are unutterably fotil. A few of them in form aic just like the corkscrew steps which lead to English bell-lofts These i re the 1 est,, for, although \ery little light can get in through the m.rrow .slils in the narrow, candle-box turrets rouud lhe inside oi which tho slops wind, a little aii' oiiters; , YentiliUed or' uiiveritlliit'Od, hi.^ever,' j the dtaii's i Vrffbr1 to are thick wft.li dirt' To as ' l lifiiii is- Yo uslt id1 fib gal rot ted. Pegged, fetid,,, whiekified wretche^lucss, b'atant blas phemy, bullying blackguardism, prurience that a cage of nioiikies couid scarcely equal — : those are their coiitents. One night -I. was as ' cending a stair of the third class I have described whci: 1 stunvb'led over-so oethiiig isoft. As soon as lgot on my legs, I tried to find out with my foot what the heap consisted of ; but not being able to make anything of it, I went up to the rooms of the friend I hat? come to visit and pro cured a light. When I went down, 1 found that it was a 'drunken man who had tripped me up. ?Ho had coolly, stretched? himself completely; acmss the staircase. 1^ -tried to rouse hirr, but; only^euccceded in evoking a sleepy, stammering, nnt «tvv nnlilplv vvni-rl^i! Tpnl'nfif fur mv imnf.i'f i- . nende/in distnrhingan .'honest ;man when he' had ^ gone toliis bed.. This said, ;the lionett man' dropped his hea l again on tho step'l)R fancicd his' /pillow, and fell sound as.Ieep once more. This little incident, when my friend had got up stairs to our toddy, suggested to talk about Edinburgh's common stairs, and what might be. encountered on them. Of. - course the ' Bcglie Tragedy'' turned up first. fTis nearly ' sixty ^ears since' that what was; once the town hoti^e of the Twceddnle family — , in a close nearly opposite tho house of John Knox, so picturesquely depicted in -its un-' re stored'' state by Dr. Roberts— ^ was the British. Linen .Company's Backing House. One gloomy' Edinburgh November afternoon in 1S08, a little, girl was sent by her mother to get water from: : the* well which still, on the other side of tho way sCtpplfea tlie iHliabita its of the Tweeddale court; It was alni'd'st cfarlc, and when the lassie -thought that she war oiify going to step from the common stair i,. to the bloJe', she fell- over the body of j (lying man; one rouscu tiie iiergitDOTS, tney Tuslu'd to tlio spot; find foiin'd that it was William Begbie, one of the bank porters. A knife was in his heart, aud before he could . utter it word lie bled to death. Tho knife, a sharpened bread knife, vras driven up to tlife handle, roiind which some spougy paper had been wrapped to sop Up' the out-gushing blood of the victim. A bundle of bank-notes, the value of nearly £4000, had been stolcii from the murdered man. Boghie's mysterious assassination sent a -thrill of 'horrified wonder through Edinburgh. Every effort wiis made to discover the murderer, hut all were made ?in vain.1 ;Scamp a'ter scamp was apprehended on suspicion, matall save one were easily able to clear themselves,. and,, after -a time,1 ?circumstances came to light . which cleared tho exceptional suspected person:' ; The promise of a reward of £500, and piqued professional pride, stimulated tho detectives to uiitihrg ac tivity in their limit after the assassin; but all they could certainly learn in -reference to him \vas, that. Begbie, on his way to .Edinburgh from , the branch bank a:t Leith, had been accompanied/ or followed by. ' a man' in Leith Walk, and that -some children had seen 'a man' rush' out of Tweeddale-com-t about tho time when the mur der was supposed to have been committed, dart: across the Canongate.and dive into Leith Wynd, a dark, dirty, densely populated lane, wlic-re the ' lower order'— if in such a'body there -can be gradations of rank— of Edinburgh's Cyprians chiefly congregate. About nine months after the night of the murder three fourths of the stolen bank-notes were found hidded in a hedge near the city, but who tiie murderer was has never been proved, although there is strong -reason to suppose that it was one Maokoul, a London ruffian, who, at the time, was lodging in a house in New-street, which he could most easily reach from Tweeddalo'conrt via LeitlrWynd, and who, in his assumed character of skin-dyer, used to lounge a good deal in the Ship Tavern, at Leith, pretending to talk business to master mariners and merchants, and then picking their pockets, or fleecing them at cards, 'ihortly aft.-r Mackoul, although unsuspected, went abroad. When lie returned to Scotland he rolibed abank, was detected, tried, sentenced to be- hanged/ re prieved, and died iu prison. :. The Bow-street, runner who apprehended him oh tho charge of bank-robbery believed -that- ho was Begbie's mur derer, and. whilst he ivas lyiug; in Edinburgh gaol, carelessly asked him in tho course of con versation whether he had not lodged at the bot tom of New-street, in November, 18Q6. Mackoul became greatly excited, and shouted, ' No, ? ? you ! I was then in the East Indies — ' the West Indies. What do yoii mean ?' The Bow-street officer had thus been led to believe that Mackoul murdered' Begbie Iu Leith the runner had fal«n in with a man who, in Novem ber, 1806, .was a sailor boy on board a vessel trading between LeitU and Lisbon. In the afternoon of the day on which Begbie was stabbed, this lad left his ship to take his mother, who lived in the Netherbow, some little smug gled presents from Portugal. As he went up Leith Walk, he noticed before him a tall man carrying a parcel, and a well-dressed man dogging him. The lad fancied tlie we'l-dressed man Was a Custom-house oilieer keeping his eye on a Smuggler, as the lad supposed the tall man with tire parcel' to be. The boy, naturally was fearful lest this slipposed officer should direct his atten tions to himself, and, therefore, lagged behind. When lie reached his mother's house, the young sailor saw the well-dressed man running out of Twceddale-court with a parcel under his arm. Still believing him to be a revenue-ofiiccr, the lad left his present at his mother's, and hurried hack to his vessel to avoid being taken into cus tody. Next morning he heard of the murder, and arrived at the conclusion that tho well dressed man was the murderer. In a few days the boy's vessel sailed, and was captured by a freucli privateer, and the boy was thrown into prison, from which when he came out he was a a man. His desbription of the well-dressed man tallied with the appearance of Mackoul. That is one story of a common stair, and here is another. In the f loemily-picturcsque Lawnmarkct, there are sundry houses used to be believed, per hapf) still believed to be haunted. A haunted Jjcni'se in a public thoroughfare, appears a:t first an \- 'viollv- -1 1 aunted houses arc generaly_ de aI1°i' T houses. Oiten country houses. Tho ideal tachc-il ? \vliiob flood has described with so one is that — ^ t eer-ie ]dcc wjlero much poctic pi- ' e i. „ i„„ '* tlie shadow of ' fear O or nil tlicic hnii ^ j siviW.t daunted, A Bonsc of mysteo n.c ' ,10 And saiil us plain ns '? 'Jlhc- liouso is haunted ! Nevertheless, ,a .ghost is not a fish ^of^Ajcr in a Lawnmarket 'dand.' Glance m t...* H , ing at one of the small windows 111 the i.?Vcr flats of -those high dark, .melancholy row o. buildings, and^you miglit easily 'fancy .you sa'NS a face not mado oi :Ilesh, aud marked with the an guish of immortal sorrow — ablaze -with -fiendish rage— or, perchance, more blood-curdling still, contorted with .the horrid grin of a .fiend's .Hook ing mirth. I should not like to live ra one ol tho^e lop fiats. I am almost a Sadduceo in theory. In day light I analyse ghost stories with mthlessly sceptiele crisicism ; I 'hspute evidence! I talk learnedly about optical illu sions, mental delusions, school-boy tricks, -bile, too much brand.v, and indigestion; 1 scolt at the cri'ilulily of ) -ooplo wlio, ' in tlii3 ciili^ntiMicd age,' can b'ulieyo that spirits can return Iroui Hades to rap on cupboard doors, , and rattle crock ery. But when 1 inn at, home in th'3 darkness » nameless fear conn s over ine, a belief that. .1 am ;in the presence of something which I cannot ;.Sc0,' tViuh wiiiuh if I- could see, would he sjiuleicd ? ly ail c'Wl'al gUlf from lay human sympathies. ;Fct:¥ conies' Upon me, and trembling which makes ; all -my' hones to shako. This, however, is a very long preface to a very short story. One of the coni:nun stairs of the Lnwnmarket is, if I mis take not, still believed to he haunted by the spirit of a gentleman, who w.'.s murdered on the stairs at noon. The ghost, however, only makes itsell audible at midnight. Then, step hy step, from the bottom to tlie very top of the house, ascends a slow and solemn fjot-fall, and step hy step deicoiids, and tlio roused sleepers shudder in their beds'as it goes by their doors. Some in going up or down have met the ghost, and ha^e almost fainted as the noise becamo more distinct, and Nothiug-to-the-eye passed them with that sulHtauiuil- souuding, and yet merely spiriiu-il t:ead. 