NOTES AND NEWs. This issue being our Monthly Summary for Europe; determined ns to omit therefrom the European and American. news broogbt by the steamer last night ; bnt had we resolved otherwise,4he want of oar corres pondence and the incompleteness of the ex changes delivered to us, would have pre vented our presenting our readers with a digest of the news before our next issue. The more important intelligence beinr made known by telegram, leaves tbe early details of less moment, than suDplvtaK our readers with a nootd of their own attain for tin month which they may send totheir friends by the outgoing mail. Tub foUowrag exhibits the state of Her Majesty's Gaol, at Brisbane, for Jhe week ending Hay 14th, 1664 -.—For the trial at Brisbane. 4 male j ditto at Maryborough. 8 sales; ditto st Toowoomba, 22 male*; ditto 18 males. and 9 females; hard labor 00 the pvpftS)'.? laales £ '&ittoi;|i Ttlie' iBaol, && '-jutslefc ' Mil ft frjmslnn ; finesl^lBHklessiid'SIibmales; laO, 4 stales; looaiios. 48 males uid 20 fianal-a :: TeSc-MoketersGraniStaod_prni ba cold by aoclionthli day. mtl8o'dock,by Messrs. Martin and Dickwu. younger, the w6ra»^.|m|jLw;-»eal^ tn'Se seebna sentenbe a^SSbaveieen '*Aofnu-Bed renal. _W« have been lavored with a few important items of information in reference to the in «pient progress of the Water Works. Onr informant. Mr. Hnlse. bad. it seems, been insfrncted by Mr. Brady to proceed to the Jesd of bnoggera Creole to sink trial holes for the pnrnose of testing the nature of the ground. We need hardily say tint the main reservoir, fed from the unsullied waters of U10 Enog-gera fountain, is in this locality. Mr. Hulse accordingly started on Tuesday last, taking with him assistants and the necessary apparatus, and returned last Saturday reporting to Mr. Brady the results « hu labors. Thirteen Mat hojes were du« in the neighborhood of the! dun. in order to ascertain the quality of tbe bottom «o? the geseral fitness of thiwll for the re quired purpose. Returning by way of the proposed route fiw the piping, about fifty more boles -me sunk in ordor to ascertain the nature of the' cuttings. On Mr. Hulse's return. Mr. Brady was apprise! of the re sults of the trial, and with bim a party started from M'A4an-a* Hotel, in order to satisfy him, as Chief-Engineer, of the cor. redness of Mr. Halsa's Inspections. The reservoir which directly supplies the town, is to be on Windmill Hill. near, the Ob servatory. The distance from this last reservoir to the fountain, is about seven miles and a half. Mr. Huln bos had con siderable experience in earthworks. He has been brought up from Victoria by Mr. Beady who now, has proved the valne of faia services. The water win probably be Introaueea into BcUbane in about, eighteen months' time. About half-past nine o'cIock on Sunday night last, a meteor of intense brilliancy passed over Brisbane in a direction from East to West. Its course was parabolic and its duration abont three seconds. The moon was brightly shining at the time, but the superior brillancy of the pheno- menon threw her light into shadow, and lit up the city with a preternatural glare. It would be difficult to discribe the gorgeous; appearance of the meteor as it noiselessly burst into a thousand variegated scentilla- tions and disappeared. We cannot judge of its elevation, but doubt not that ships at sea, far distant, witnessed the phenomenon and will report it here or elsewhere. We have witnessed larger phenomena of this nature, but none of such surpassing brillance. It appeared in its course to describe an arc of about sixty degrees. Wb have before us s photographic copy of the original design of Mr. Backhouse for the new Presbyterian Church, now in course oferectiononWickhamTerraca. The build ing, when finished, will be a striking speci men of architecture, inasmuch as the old favorite style which characterizes so many places of worship at home (Elizabethan) is strictly adhered to. There will be five win dows on either side surmounted by the pointed cornice peculiar to the style, and at the north - east angle of the building rises a handsome spire cou taininfr A IiaIFpv nnA imMrfmn tn tl.d structure an appearance of antique finish and elegance. The design exhibits a per spective view of the Observatory snrmount iag Windmill Hill, and to the left appears a view of Brisbane, with South Brisbane on the opposite shore. The architect has done veil in the present effort, and it will prove no less a monument to himself than to the grand object of its design. It is a well known fact with the members of the Episcopal Church resident in Bris bane, that the congregation of St. Jolin's, Wickham Terrace, is tlie largest in the city, and that considerable expense has been in volved in making provision for the wants of the fast growing congregation. With the ftesire to provide lor the increase, some of the energetic members of the Church have resolved, with the acquisition of a splendid organ just received, to provide for the »d ' Mozart's Twelfth Massl' In order to ob tain the proficiency which is reqnisite in rendering the difficult and scientific pas sages of these gems from the great masters of sacred music it is, of course, necessary that frequent rehearsals should take place. It is desiraed of ns that we call the atten tion of the selected choir to this fact, and we now do so most cheerfully, in the hope that it may influence the desired at tendance. Tog racehorses Volunteer. St Patrick, and Bomsnce. the property of Mr. J. Tait, have been brought by the Telegraph from Sydney to run at the forthcoming Ipswich races. Wb regret to record the death by drown ing of a fine lad, an apprentice on board the Black Ball sliip Prince Consort. It appears that the poor little follow bad been engaged In holystoning the accommodation ladder, and when sought far by one of the ship's officers, lie was found to be missing. In stant search was made, bnt no signs of him were discovered either on board the ship or in the lighters lying alongside. The in ference is that he accidentally fell into tho water and was drowned before any sus picion of the fatal accident was aroused. The Telegraph, bearing the English mail, arrived at the wharf Ust night, about eight o'clock, and English letters wiU be ready for distribution at an early hour this morn ing The public will thus be enabled to answer letters by the outgoing mail. Tot calls on onr space for intelligence of a local character, has forced ns to hold over the intelligence from the neighbouring colonies, to band by the Telegraph, steamer, which arrived last night. The most im portant items of the news have already been supplied by onr telegraphic correspondents, and anything farther worthy of notice will appear in our next. Tint passengers by the Vernon were brought up yesterday evening at 4 p.m. by the Settler, steamer. Notwithstanding their long voyage (159 days) they seemed iu the enjoyment of perfect health and spirits, and we have reason to think will be as ad At S o'd-tck this evening a meeting will be held at Kelly's Hotel to decide apoa tbe uniform to be adopted by the Brisbane cricketers at the intercolonial match, as also npon the number and selection of players. The Sydneyites will allow as many astwenty-twoagainsttiieireleven. The pro bability is that eighteen will be chosen. Wb are pleased to notice that the first effort has been made towards the erection of the Brisbane bridge. Preparations are taking place for the abutments on the north shore of the river, and if the jealousy of party feeling and legislation does not mar the progress of tile work at last com menced, we stall have little need of pas senger femes fay this time next year. A EnnuatvsxjkBT OaxeUe, issued on Tuesday last, cures tin informality of bold ing the nomination on a day noi named in the writ, sad confirms die election of J?3 mundMolyoeuxBoya».Esq.. as^a memoer of the Legislative Assembly fortheelecftital district of LeScbharidt. . ... A sowcE has been issued from theSinv veyor-General's office, and |mbK»oBa«i last Act of 1888, all proprietors of sheep in the district of Horeton must forward, on or be fore tbelstMy »^ AT^Sli^ilW ber -of sheep depastured by them, together wUba iwn&tance; at the *ate »T1^ ™r thousand, or portion of athouaaud. A«i mM«7retern&»l» reanirea J»t» Wottf, the DistriotOominwaianer oTCrowii_J*nda. Neglect SwmsHPpmtfianoB »»™.**]*«!»'*T, WW$Syi-r*50. tontoafcrmsjrp* snnpIwLasfar saaraeticabtB,tmtqieami repSpTof them by any party wOt ao^jgjgeV p.-™ ????;?--«; '-.?'-?-: .- .? -: ? ?- ? ? . ??-?-! Tt lias occurred to ns more than once, that onr citizens are fortunate in one re gard—that whatever vice or immorality might exist in Brisbane, as a general rule, life and property were felt to be secure from the band of violence. The first ex ception to that rule, it is onr dnty bow to chronicle. A typo of onrs. indefatigable in duty and remarkably fleet of fodt, was wending his way homeward at four o'clock last Tuesday morning, and had nearly reached his residence in Albert-street, above Kent's Horse Bazaar, when a grizzlyluok ing apparition, armed with an onnoxious foofctng bludgeon, disputed his pathway, called upon Bim, in a sepulchral voice, to 'dob op. ' Tlie young man was innocently deliberating in his mind whether he should So to bed or sit up to breakfast. Seeing a creature before bim. which bore a closer resemblance to tbe hybrid known as ' half bone, balf-aliigator,' than to any human creature, he dismissed the idea of bed and breakfast, and bolted with the energy of an untrained Aral steed ;— the ghost and ahil lelah following In 'double quick.' The typo had » doable mdVsotage over the gbost.far bis stomach was empty, and his »BS wer, long. Like Tun O'Shanter. ?HV 'e **» M »f all Ae hobgoblins ™. weensland were hunting him for life. *»erace was a abort one, but enlivened by ?ne mo te incident which literally 'laid the ghost.' As the Cutonian had just gained *ne gateway of his dwelling, m. spectre con genial with his first tormentor, confronted bim. and in diabolical dialect demanded bun no 'Mhmll — a/% JCnw-^flactad Mat Bolwer was right, 'The pen 2s tol^htfor than the sword. He was not a man of war but a man of letters. No time was allowed for deliberation — the enemy was behind and -before. He took a flying leap and alighted in the 'bread-basket' of ghost No. 2. The ghost mu laid. He gained his dormitory; bolted the aoor; placed two heavy boxeB and a chest of drawers against it; and after lighting two candles! and mentally vowing that on the morrow be wonld purchase a dark laothorn and a big dog, compased himself to rest The ghosts revisited him in his dreams'. Senuusty, there is something in (he affair deserving more than ridicule. When fel lows with bludgeons are discovered abroad at such an hour of the moruing, within hailing distance of each other, and with tbe language of the roads in their months, it is time for persons whose business calls them oat, to go provided with the meant, of re turning the salutation. It may not be ! pleasant to be aroused by the sharp report of a revolver, but there is no comparison be tween creating such a disturbance and Ending the fingers of a garrotter about one s throat A police patrol might prevent either contincencv. We are informed that, on the represen tation of the Spanish Consul, the hoa Colonial Secretary has humanely issued bv order to supply rations and afford temporary quarters in the Immigration Depot to the Uape Verde islanders recently released from the ExcelsW. Five of these poor men have Uired w,th the proprietors of Peak Vale station on very advantageous terms, the same as made with the Germans on the station, and accordingly set out per steamee for Bockbampton last Tuesday evening in company with one of their employers (Mr Davis). The rsm lining seven men are en joying the hospitality of the colony until their case is finally disposed of. We are impel ed to express our admiration of Sir. Herbert's humanity in this particular in stance, the more so as it is in general onr disagreeable duty to hold ui- to public re probation (cartes with the best reasons in the world) the official acts of that honorable gentleman. we publish as under, a list of letters winch have been saved from tlie wreck of the steamer ' Colombo ;' this nay act u ?^ ^????1« . *o «a&«ky who would TSlnc aocil purpose, they may still be treasured as curiosities — thoughts, which lite chickens, liars come borne to roost :— From Astod at Ipswich to his father; Ebenr. and Eliza Barlow, to their parents; Edward BInndel, to his mother; W. A. Brankston, of Taunton, to his mother ; Joseph Buckley, to his wife and children ; Ellen Burns, Ipswich, to John Pool ; Michael Butler, to his brother (2); C. F. Chubb, Ipswich, to his father; M. Craven, Ipswich, to his friend Holland ; J. C. Dickson. to his sister Selins; A. Feet, Bockhampton, to Prussia ; Sarah Graham, to her mother; K. Griffith, to bis uncle in London; Jacob Hebb, care of Theodore Lottre. to Smiht; C. Hart to P. Hart, Cambridgeshire; ? , Ipswich, to Catherine ; ? , Ipswich, to Michael; Eliza McDermot to Alex. McDermot ; Thomas Moiiat to his brother ; North Australian Hotel to J. White, Esq.; O. Peak, Brisbane, to his wife; W. Pullen to Hiss Sarah Pollen ; M. Bawlins. Drayton, to his father ; Bnbert ? , Gowrie Station, to his mother ; Jack Eobertson to George ; James B. to Fanny; 3. Hamilton Scott to bis sister Sophia; J. Hamilton Scott to his cousin Lucy; Charles Smith to his friend Pitcher ; Margaret Spy to her sister Sophia : Joseph Travers, Nnlalbin. to his mother; Theidore Unmack to his brother ; Edward Wadley to Mrs. Wadley; Caroline Watkins to Mrs. John Jieukins; M. E. Meyersfto T. Lynch, connty Clare; Mary Munro to Bebecca Simpson; Jack, on board the Whirlwiud, to bis brother Harry. 