VICTORIA. (From the M. Herald, 3rd inst.) OHAND BILLIARD MATCH. The appearance in this part ot the globe of Mr. John Roberts, tho cham pion billiard player of the world, has caused quite an excitement, not only unionist tho knights of the cue, but throughout tlifl whole male population, as tho fame of the great man bus lonj? preceded him. There nre doubtless many in this colony who remember Roberts, when he was quite n lad, play ing at Liverpool, ns his skill at the game was such, even in those days as to render him a most dangerous op ponent. Since that time he has grad ually improved, und during the last few years hns held such a position that no other ptnyer, be he ever eo good, has ventured to start on an equality with tiim. During tho period at which ho was the proprietor of the rooms at Siwille House, many very interr-sting games were played, in which Huberts generally gave liis antagonists ns many as G'JO, and sometimes 400 points, 'find afterwards proved victorious He has a son who is following in his father's footstL'p.t, and is considered almost ns talented ns his parent. Billiards hnve now become so universal that the amusement is within the reach of every one ; but the biliiards which W8 have beeu accustomed to witness, even by first-rate players, is a very different sort of cramo from that nliived by Mr, 1 Roberts. Hwe we have the true science improved to the highest pitch of per fection hy tho most constant practice. Mr. Rohorts lias arrived at such a singe of excellence in every point of the game as to have a most unlimited command over the balls, and to bo able to place them in any position he chooses. Short ly after his arrival in the colony ho en tered info ob nrrangempiit 'i'« Mr. Cleoland for the largo room at t Im Al bion Hotel, in which to pluy the first match, and Mr. John Lamb was secured us his first opponent. The hall was fitted vii) expressly for the occasion with tiers of seals fur the spectators, mid every arrangement »vas inndc to secure tho comfort and convenience of the visitors. The table used for the match was of colonial make, and it may, perhaps, be gratifying to the manufacturer, Mr. Alcock, of Russell street, to know that Mr. Roberts con siders it one of the very best he has ever played upon. Notwithstanding that the charge for admission was fixed at a rather high rate, such was the in terest manifested to witness a iniucii !ic!tiveen tlia cuumpion of die world nn-i the c!i:itnpioii of Australia that the room ivns well filled. Lnmb received his 350 points out of 1000 np, and the game was commenced by the Austra lian having the break, and after a little coquetting on both sides to keep the balls in baulk, Lnmb broke the ice by cannoning off the white, and then Roberts went in off the white, cannoned, nnd put the red in the top pooket, thereby scoring seven. For some time the game went on slowly, nnd very little more thancoimnon-pince play was exhibited. Roberts was evidently feel ing his way and watching tho play of hie opponent, and at the same time getting at home on the new table. He soon got hold of the white ball and played with it /or some time, con timmlly putting himself in the centre nnd top pockets; but wherever he put the balls there was always something left for himself, but very little for his antagonist. Lamb is nn excellent player, slow, and careful, but he wants the precision :md execution of Roberts. Ho played very well nt the outset of the game, making hazard after hazard off the red alternating with a neatly exe cuted cannon now and again. VV/iun Lamb's scoro stood at J383 Roberts had arrived at 07. The English champion then tried some of his ' circumbendi bus' cannons off the cushions; but tho most astonishing portion of his play is the manner iu which be win run through. tiiQ halls, and curve them round, so ns always to bring them into a convenient position. For about two hours the ganio went along slowly ; Roberts, muking his twenty-iivu imd thirty off a brouk, grndually begun to creep up. When Lumh stoud at 401, Roberts was only 02, but tho latter was, however, warming to his work, and the balls began to fly about in all directions. Sometimes ho ivoiild get the three nicely placed together in a corner, aad cowtinuo to score cannon after cannon, always contriving to get the balls well into position. Lamb olti'o found himself left without a chance of making nnythiug off his break, ns Robert's many times successfully brought off the double baulk, when ho had got nil ho could himself. Lamb, however, played tho good old game, shorn of its scientific adornments, and went in for safety. When Lamb's score stood at 42? Roberts was 98. From this he made up by n series of losing hazards plaved off the white into the csntro pocket, and from tho red into the top pocket. But his can non gamo was certainly the finest. He mndn somo of tho most masterly strokes, frequently pocketing both balls after the cannon. He had scored 155 when Lnmb was 452, and he then commenced some of his angular can nons, and was most successful in bring ing them off sevrtral times in succession. Some of his strokes weru truly magni ficent, and were loudly applauded. Lnmb, nothing daunted by being matched against such a renowned player, worked nway carefully,, and gradually increased liis score ; ivIiaii ?ii)0 was ptit np an liis account, Roberts had made 272. Frequently Roberts performed the feat of pocketing tho white, and bringing his own ball back from the centrn of the table to cannon with tho red lying close under tlin cushion, almost in a straight line : it is strokes such as these which show the power of jiliiy. Not until Roberts had brought bin score up to 324 ns against 534 did he comuitmce the spot frame, which is consid«rcd his great forte. Twelve consecutivo times did ha pocket tlio red, nhv.ivs lencing his own bnl! in ii good puiiiion, and he afterwards repeated this performance by putting in the red eighteen, twelve, ten, and six times consecutively, when the scores stood as follows :— Roberts, 50!) ; Lamb, .rt?5. An adjournment took place for a ftuv minutes, and upon re sinning Roberts «'«nt on to play quickly — a sure sign tliat he was gain ing a securer footing and greater con fidence. Lamb exerted his utmost, and pinycrl exceedingly well, making somo really fine hazards, and sevoral neat if not brilliant cannons. Soon Roberts began to forge tihead, nnd the numbers got closer and closi-r — fi~S Roberts; 091, Lamb. 704, Roberts; nndfiOi, Lam1). From this timo the hitter had not the ghost of a chance, oven if any such idea had existed pre viously. Roberts literally walked away from his opponent, and from 800 scored 050, making S4 in a break. Ife had frequently made 30, 40, and onco 03 from a break, )mc tin's was the largest nmnbrr. Lamb's score at this time stood at '28, and this he only in creased to 743, when Roberts had made 1001 — thus winning by 253 points, or including the number given at tho commencement, 003. Koberts' piny was magnificent throughout, but nothing extraordinarily brilliant was ex liihited last night, although, no very favourable opportunity occurred for :hu production ot any great skill. This evening Roberts will again piny Limb, giving him 400 points, and the admis sion is to be reduced to 10s, Wir.sotf v. All Enoland. Under this title the Adelaide Express says : — ' We hn'0 not the pleasure, of tin) acquaintance of Mr. Edward Wil son, of Melbourne, but ho must be rather an extraordinary individual. Our idea of him hitherto lias bwn that he is nn amiable enthusiast, devoted heart and soul to the ilieory and practice of acclimatisation ; resolved to know no rest until he had made Victoria tho Noah's Ark of the globo. Fish, ik-sh, nnd fowl ; insects, reptiles, anil every form and variety of animal and veget able life are liis stock in trade ; nnd beyond this little is known of him, ex cept that ho is Jlr. Wilson of the Mel bourne Argus. We beg pardon — Mr. Wilson is known to have taken an active part in the anti-convict agitation; and when iu England, to have witren letters to ' The Times' on the subject as often as his salmon ova engagements would permit. Mr. Wilson's letters to ' The Times'' wore, however, generally considered to he so much overdone as to prove rather injurious to colonial in terests than otherwise; and now he caps the climax by a sort of single handed declaration of war against the Imperial Parliameut and the Imperial Government. Mr, Wilson says that lie has waited so long to got his views adopted tl);it hfl shnJl wait no longer, but carry them into effect himself. Ho will, whether assisted by others or not, commence shipping convict expireos to the mother country. He has money, and nu long as he has noy lie will spend it in this wny. St. Patrick banished nil the serpents from Ireland, nnd Mr. Wilson will clear Victoria of expirees. The ' modus operamli' is described hy that gentleman in a letter to the Argus, in tliis colony there is but one opinion as to the injustice committed hy the Home Government in con tinuing to make Western Australia a convict depot ; but we believe very few persons hero will approvo of the extra ordinary course determined upon by Mr. Wilson. It is the fable of tlje frog and tlio ox over ugnio, und we hope the futo of tho ambitious frog may not bu that of the amiable acclimntiser nnd furious nnti-trausportationist. Mr. Wil son says he shall advertise for offers from axpirca convicts desirous of going to England, select the worst men he can find, get thorn to sign « conditional agreement to bo put in irons, ouii, thus selected nnd conditionally ironed, ship them off,' ' Now, really, this is too ridiculous, and although Jilr. Wilson's own paper, the Argus, must of necessity support the scheme, or at least, not writi; ngain«t it, we can scarcely believe that the Victorian press and public will sanction such arrogant preten sions, such silly egotism. The ' ad vertisomonts' to lie put forth by 3fr. Wilson «pill bo curiosities of literature, nnd we shall look for them with unusual interest. Hoiv will they run? Perhaps something like the following : — ' Wanted, by Air. Edward Wilson, of the Argu*, a fow thorough rnseals bsing convict expires?, iov shipment to England. None need apply but deperutuss of tho worst character. Every applicant will he expected to prepare a schedulo of his offences, and give satisfactory proof that they were committed. No person having earned a partial remission ofsentenco by good conduct will be eligible. Preference will bo given to persons having some practical ex perience in garotting, and applicants notorious for crimes against: the person iv)!!, ns a rule, be preferred. A fow good risk burners would be libarally trented nith, Mr. _WiUon having lml a haysttu-k burnt lately, which he has no doubt was the work of an expiree incendiary. Apply, etc., etc.' 'Some such form as tho foregoing will, no doubt, be assumed by the advertise ments, asitwillbeeoenfrom Mr. Wilson's letter that he intends not merely to send expirees to England, ' but eonx; of the worst specimens of the clafs !' What a, delightful competitive examin ation there will be in tho offices of the ' respectable solicitor' to whom Mr, Wilson assigns the duty of awarding tho preferential claims of rascaldom, and of making ' the whole arrange ments' connected with this mo Jest and exceedingly practical method of bring ing Great Britain to her senses. ' .Mr. Wilson is an eccentric man. Connected ns his name is with one of the lending Aiistr.ilirtnjotirnul^, the fol lowingextriict from his letter is prob:ibly unparalleled, as written by the pro prietor of a newspaper to liis oivh editor. Addressing thu eilitor of the Argus, Mr. Wilson says — ' I do cot prutend to know much of tho ordinary run of political affairs in the colony. I do not take any very great interest iu your ministerial or purliunientary complications. Tho entanglements ol your innumerable Land Bills have Ion* since (juito bewildered me. I scarcely know one of your more recent politicians, even by sight.' This is an extraordinary admission, and Cliougli it certainly possesses the innric of candour, ir possesses no other that we c;in siw, nnd certainly does not indicate ilr. .Wilson as ' par eminence,' thu man to overawe tho English nation.' Mr Wilson comes in for tiie following criticism ut the hauls of the Inglewond Sentinel : — ' Air EM ward Wilson must bu in*a very happy frame of mind. He has set the, press in full play upon him self nnd his last crotchet, and therefore he is ns likely to become as notorious here for liis folly and vanity as lie makes himself at hoina. He ivas not content to put the Times out of joint, and make n fool of himself, but he must needs comprise the better sense of the colony, and destroy its chance of getting satisfaction from thu ffo;ne Govern ment. It' the vanity and ambition of Mr. Wi).-on ba on a pir with his thirst for notoriety — and we are inclined to think they are — we arc comparatively grateful to him lor selecting the colony its the field for thuir indulgence, rather than he should nguiti sul/j«et himself to the risk of exposure ns he did in Lon don, by trying to make the proplu be lievo that he w;is the colony of Vic tnrin, and that liis ' Argus' wns the 'Times' of Australasia. Mr. Wilson, among his other oiMitii1?, feigns ignor ance of coloniid politics, and colonial modern politicians. Ho, like his ener getic editor, virtually believes himselt a perfect Sampson who may toss up or tumble down any subject, institution, or tiling, and lisvc no fair of any bad consequences, llii^y will him them selves mistaken. They may live to eat somo of their pet salmon together— but the people of Victoria will not stand still to behold this their last trick of legerdemain if they are to be made parties to the game— so that Mr Wilson tmy puff nnd blow ns lie pleases — but not a felon will be allowed to go to England in the name of the people of Victoria,— and it will bfi seen that be is but a frog after all— and the ox will continue, to eat his grass as if no Mr. Eiiward Wilson of pig and beetle noto riety bad ever lived.' SHOCKING SlUCIBE. Tha suicide of George Aldred, of DovHton-strcer, Ballaarar, on thn nujht of Wednesday last, was made the sub ject of an iiujutry, before the Coroner, on Friday. The evidence of his widow showed that her husband had for tlio last fortnight been sufTcrins: from great depression of spirits, having begun to drink immoderately three weeks or a month back. He was tipsy for three or four« days, and then ceased, only taking a glass no\v nnd thon to make him better. Ha had very little appetite utterly. Qii Wednesday evening he returned from his place at Wurreuheip, having been then; ov-?r llio preceding night; and on Mrs. Aldred's enteriug (he housa nftor a temporary absence, 6he heard him talking to himself, ns wns fiis habit when in a lovr state of mind. Ho said that he know ha would be baJHrod, but could assign no reason for it. Ho continued iu a very excited state of mind until they went to bed at nine o'clock. Mrs Aldred made him some gruel before that, but he eat very little of it. They tiatl beun in bed about two hours, when he nskud fur a light. Ho strnck a match, lighted a candle, and then began looking nt I' is wife. Ho afterwards took the candle nnd w»nt into the pantry. Mrs Alrtrcd saw him put his hand up to a shelf wherrt she kneie lie kept his razor. She jumper! out of bed immediately, nnd when she got to him ho bad his I razor up at his throat. Slio took hold I of his arm, but it was as firm as a vice, ! nnd she could not more il at nil. Gat ting frightened and fcarinir for her own saletr, slio van out scrauninn- for hel/i. A Mr. Dlackett shortly afterwards came, and when they entered tho pnn try they found tba deceased quite dead. He had baen in the habit for a long time of taking drink, occasionally to exeftsr. Mr. Thomas Lo G;iy Holt honso, surgeon, tendered the medical evidence, nnd the jury returned a ver dict that the ' death of the deceased was caused by hamorrago and suffoca tion, from hr's having wilfully cut his own throat with a razor whilst' suffering from a fit of .temporary in^anits' brought on by excessive drinking of intoxicating liquors.' The deceased was aged forty-tight, a native of Lan cashire, the son of Thomas and Mar garet Aldred, and bad been tea years in the colony. — Ballaarat Star. PENSr SWINGS' BANK. The ' Age' say?, ' The rush of juveniles to the town-hall, Holhaui, on Saturday evening last, for the purpose of becoming depositors in the penny savings bank was the best evidence of the necessity for the es tablishment of sucli institutions. Long before the hour of opening, the doors wore besieged by the eager crowd, ami 2-17 were enrolled on the books as depositors, (he doors having to bo kept open an hour and .i-Iialf beyond the specified timo, to accommodate the number presenting themselves. The deposits, in sums varying from a jicnnv (o a pound, amounted to £40 2s. 9j. 