?VBLIS11KI) EVERY FRIDAY MORNING. v FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1804. GERMANY AND DENMARK, ' \The most interesting items of news , brought.to us by th.o last English nihil are ?undoubtedly those relating to the pro ceedings'of. the Germanic Confederation with relation to, the Germau provinces of GDenraarl^. According to tho latest dates G-ermtiny and Denmark occupied a most . belligerent attitude towards each other, and all Europe was anxiously waiting in suspense for the denouement. The bustlo and preparation for \var in these countries bad almost absorbed every other topic of jptereet 5 and not since the troublous times of 18'IS-when kings and dynasties were overturned-have snch martial feel ings prevailed. Tho old bone of eonte.n- j tion, Scbleswig-IIolstein, is the ground of the present quarrel. The inhabitants . of these States are still decidedly German .in sentiment and'sympathy; and, on the ascension of King Christian to tho Danish (, throne, they unmktakeaUly expressed their dislike to the Danish rule. The princes who compose the Germanic Fede ration demand that they shall again be added to the Federation, and hare the liberty of choosing their own sovereign. The Prince of Augustenberg on the strength of this, and certain hereditary rights, has set up pretensions to bo their lawful Prince, and his claims are at once admitted, aud he himself hailed every whero ns a . deliverov. The Germans enthusiastically volunteer to raise a miN lion of moil to pluck the coveted pro vinces from Denmark, so that they mny bo ruled by Prince Augustenberg, and the great Germanic Federation extended to it& old limitB, ."Naturally onouarh Denmark objects to this. She baa no wi^h.nor inclination to give up these provinces, and she will not give them up without appealing first to that great > arbitrator of nations-the sword. Long sinco, Denmark won her title to them by the' blood of her children and much , treasure, and her rights in them have' been acknowledged and guar anteed by the treaties and aoltlements of the great powers. She will bo loath, therefore, to see the force of German l°gic> Wfre ^0 to <l»fetly give up these provinces she would deprive herself of half her population and uearly halfherterritory. They are besides necessary to secure her existence as a separate notion, for were they wrested from lior, she would lie at the mercy of the German states. She is, even with these possessions, but a minor among European kingdoms, and without them she would bo no bettor than a German. duchy, -After their loss she could no longer stand formidable for defence behind her famous Dannewerk, by means of which, when pressed, she can flood tho country and place a watery barrier between herself and her foes. Intrinsically the .matter has small interest to the subjects of Queen Vic toria. It is but a light matter to them whother Denmark has a-. province nioro or a province'less,. jBut that code ot' honour which prevaila^mpug nations, and renders it necessary that the sword should be drawn when treaties, are set aside, and the rights secured to jsmall. 'states by large ones are violated, raises it into one of grave and momentous importance. Though the pcojjJe of Gi*eat' Britain arc now averse to war, and willing to resort to almost any expedient to. avert it, we may rest assured they will not stand | neuter in a war that may spring out of this quarrel, {II§nee .the importance at tached to it in England, and hence the fervent desire^ of the English Govern ment ond the :Press, that' Germany may pause in her present infatuated, career) and spare herself and Europe from the horrors of a general war. For, as surely as she persists in her resolve, will she bring about such a result. And who will prophesy how Europe will be* mripped when it is brought to a close ? The " Post" in ft lender on the subject says:- ;r- - *: . "So surely ns the Germans cross the Eyder, so surely svill they arrny against them the arms of England ; so certainly will they find the soldiers of Franco presently moving on the 11 hi no, n»d the forces of JtnJy on the "Venetian frontier. Wc cannot too often re peat the names of Hungary and Poland: The statesmen of Austria and Prussia treat them ns if they were mere Pepper's ghosts, instead of bem# oarnost solid nations, eager to rise, and to fight for freedom and indepen dence. Cnlamity upon calamity will surely : fall upon the authors of thia war if onco it is brought about. We therefore, while there is yet time, seek most anxiously to impress upon the German governments the fearful extent of the responsibility which thvy seem so ready to assume. The peace of Europe, upon which the prosperity and well-being, of all depend, is a sacred,trust chiefly committed to the hands of the great Powers. If by them it is violated and destroyed, those who perpetrate the crime will have to pay the _ penalty. Aggression and tyranny will be defeated mid punished, and those who shed blood in a wanton and unjust quarrel will find that in the last Veckoning thcy themselves will be cluef sufferers," 