THE COLLINGWOOD BANK ; — OUTRAGE! The singular and audacious attack made on the Collingwood Branoh Bank, onTuesday labtj has, during tbe past week, been-the sen-. 1 sationaU topic of out metropolitan'joon*" they indulge, apropos of this circumstance, are enrious-to remark! Tbere is no doubt, all Melbourne was appalled at the effrontery of four men who dared to enter a Bank in broad daylight, aud with pistol and dapper, intimidate and assault the Manager and his Clerk ! The annals bf local crime had no precedent for sucb BD Ciploit, and it could never have .been imagined that an adventure so desperate would bave .been conceived, and carried into "effect,- even by the- boldest and rashest of "'-ticket-of- leaves " or ex-convicts, and yet the tbing has been done, and looking at it from a distance, we can see nothing in it but a frantic crime on the part of men, lacking the ingenuity and coolness.whicb are always prominent qualities of felon heroes. With'the exception "ot" the man who led the attack, none of the "Scoundrels appear to have displayed more than the most average daring 3 and, in fact, the first shew of resistance seemB to have putthem all to flight, and with the proverbial cowardice -of thieves, they abandoned their project on the instant, aud left their luckless comrade in tbe hands ot itis more intrepid captors! ""Whit this incident really illustrates, is the recklessness and desperation induced by crime. ' The men who are capable of ricking their'liberty, and.'even: their necks on tie <&ances; of so ill-conceived and bootless ao enterprise as this robbery appears to have been/ ^cannot certainly- be ranked among those most dangerous to society, for their own. folly would rain them; and we can well comprehend the scorn with which more fexpeiieiiced and more expert, rogues -will regard their failare!-. This crime, in fact, though morojstriking iu its .coincidents than many others, does not merit the attribution ofrany peculiar significance, and must be accepted -merely as one among'many indications *jfthe existence of a felon relic among our population. ' This " bold and barefaced" robbery does not excite in us a " wonder bordering on admiration " Oil the-contrary, we are surprised ait nothing that vicious and desperate:characters are driven to attempt, and possibly in -this instance, the unusual .-manner ;,of attack may have been -chosen as most likely to favor the.design,, it.being anticipated that the~parties assailed would be Caught completely^off their guard. The time 'and the "place-may have been selected also from_.similjir motives But, after all, it is difficul t J» conjecture the traio of "calculations which-induced these men to select the Collingrcopd .Bank at that hour as the scene of their eccentric exploit, or what special reasons tbey could have for hoping there to acquire' an;easy and inyaluable ^plunder. The report of their pwn £reann6 gttve the.alarm, and iostantly sahimoned the street; passengers and the adjacent honsehbldera;'- ito the. respu';. Certainly t if;the manager; and: his -clerk 'had cowered:-be|ote the" weapoh^ poilitcd at tbem- |<> 0ie-ecoundrels,! tbe contents of the ptill a,n : d safe ^tnight, .-perhaps, have:.been expedilioua^y and^silknl.ly approprj»ted,3iut it; was soircely Iprobable th at an y two' men' Wtiuld both:'bek)n the -instant so paralysed, when confronting a pistol'i muzzle, as"toJ>eino^aWepfTe-ii6taiiee. ' ' \- The instioct of Tself-preservation is generally roused with an energy.prppqrtionate to the)«uSde'nnes| of- the1:.- -60 itrseemp to ha^e'lrejii in'this affair. -Be Both the* gentlemen manfully fgrapjled with: their* assailan ts, tan d their zyefy i apprehensions: f sustained their cgnragelBnt' it .was "not with. the intention of-|m^ing3^nU(ir-remai±5 on Jhe affair iteelf that we commenced, sfmply with a view to suiigesting-tbe pracuffl reflections to which suefi M occurrence 'should give rise. . It. is pbs£rvafcie v in reference to tbe four men wWiiave i>feein iiiehtiSe'^'as' -itc robbers, that three 'if ^hiim are strange re to tbe Mel- ^ur'nfe *det«i;l!ves.''This is '-fiingiilar, as we -always -understood ihatxognizance was taken O-Lr?^®^^®^?! 65 ? 6 ®^'^ (froni jthe neighboring .(wlonies,.;ai)Jl, , tjat the~ eye . of tbe auUiorities^asJuponjall fpspicious" characters from :tha'*pqmcmt ; of their, landing on ;.our ^orcs -i'i ji- jls possible that these \men have leagued elsewhere,*nd Jiava-sacceeded liithbrto '3 tfj eltidi i^^lfe:^igitance^}-tbe jdptecti ves; by stealthily "fe6tning IntoHhe city '«ingly, jand frofei iSppJwTte ^irecfion^ aoKthey';jnay have recen^Iy%s(^e3 from^Easmania^ and succeeded i nTfiiDjiag 3tbeir^ayjp.qrogs thejstraits to jour territory—-a not unprecedented incident in the histfity' Af', t TR§5iaulfen..Sonvict6! But fmui whatever-quarter-they-oame,^or-by-'w^iathave keptjijipifflsajv^ -ppnoealed sincf their arrival. the ttaariwfewj gang that comjnitJed a similar outrage in jnSnayi; i^hsOTBthpaMi^rjiptj^ppe&tfoce;, ^d : iiuddBn^i^Mt»tioh ;j«ind^ of ^'iitolE.wib £ Si8opte?i in'botfciic^eBij^bntln' the w e ^ ^ T O- 1 V j fere,*a.gain7 we can infer-flrat-the alffiifr at Bergit^g^y>®6}inyistiga6fed, and that! the ruffians -concerned had already been traced, certainty to ^SQW* & -second wis, hands had de- WZed.«njfttx5cu{4S lx«ii crimes!' Be this aa .... - tat country to find that their detective organization contrasts very favorably with that of a neighboring colony, where'criminals have for many months committed .deeds of violence and plunder with -impunity, and where the police officers b&yedistinguisbed; themselves iu: nothing spjliltle as their courage! There is" yet anqthterfnuestion arising, in ^connection: withnhife'Siffiiir, ^n^ that ib, what number ofsimilar criminals are at large among lis, only waiting their opportunity to assail the lives and properties of the .peaceful and honest ? These men clearly are not novices in crime, and it is .doing them no wrong to conclude that'they are "old'hands;" trained, it may be, from .infancy to war. upon society, and so familiarized with prison discipline, that tbey have ceased to fear the consequences of their acts ? How- came such' men at large ? Are they out on ticket-of-leave ? or are they cxpireos?"^ Whateverjmay be-the"facts respecting these four, we-know that many like them are also but with their terms of sentence uncompleted ! Hence the .most .practical use we can make of this outrage, 'will be to obtain a revision and modi6cation of. the regulations affecting tickets-of-leave and the disposal of expirees. . -.-...-.., t . .There. would, .appear:..tO;.jbe a i^viva.1 in ;the iving beC'tfhiemore frequent lately than for many months past, l a tent of Mr. Brown, engineer to the Beehive. Association, was on Thursday night last entered and mercilessly stripped of. everything portable, including his " Suuday-go-to-meoting " clothes. Some peculiar circuuitarices poiiitedlbe finger of suspicion iu a cerl.ain direction ; but a search warrant failed "to 'find the least tiace of the misung pro|>erty. On Saturday night last, tbe hut of the wellknown sportsman Mr Blenheim, on the LoddoUi was broken into by some rascal and a handsome aud valuable gun stolen .therefrom, together with sundry other.articles of small value.' The hut is a bark one, and is situated in a paddock close to the Loddon, towards Eddington from Bariughup. Mr Blenheim was in Maldon, on Saturday night, disposing of tbe product of his sport, and did not go home until Sunday morning. .when he discovered, that tbe door had been forced and the place ransacked;"upon inquiry he found that a man bad about eleven o'clock on the night previous called at neigh' boring hut and knocked, the inmates were in bed and answered him, when he commenced rather confused inquiries as to the residents of the neighborhood, which were replied to. ffe tiit-Ji left, bint returning shortly,-;asked if Fred Blenbein did not live somewhere at hand. He was directed to the hut aud jn a few minutes his informants heard the dog at Blenheim's givjnjr tonjrae. -but imaginiiig-ihe owner to be at home tbey did not getup. A -short man, in a d rab coat, had been at Webb's dnring the. evening and had also made inquiries there, and a man answering the same description had durin? the week inquired for Mr BIemheim,'at the Cricketers' Arms. The gun is double barrelled by Preston, of Cambridge, and bad been .lent , to Mr. Bleuhein by Mr Jos. Symonds, of Maldon. The police were of course communicated with,; and Mr "Blenhein himself started yesterday on the supposed track of the thief. The Campbell Minstrels again delighted an audience at tile-Masonic Hall, 011 Friday eveni"!;, when the "performance was for the benefit of the Volunteer Rifle Fund.- By this time the t.ilent of the troupe is so well known in Maldon as to render « critique unnecessary. It will suffice to s*y that Braham, the tebor, delighted his hearers, as .also did Templelon on the concertina, lis imitation of a'fife and drum'band, a novelty here, bringing down an enthusiastic, double encore. . The :accom|iauiment of Mr Chittenden was also much and deservedly admired. The harmony and perfect blending' of the voices in tbe chornses, w.is asrain jhe subject of unirersal- admiration; and; the wonderfully comic Srplleries of Bent were as taking as a M<' t^lyi the dancer. MrSapdford,. ia ^tdll too ill to appear; «ncl his part on the progr»miB#<jf -thfe evening, and also on Satnr-- day, had to give .place ."other, novelties.'"" Oa Saturday, ihe inclemCTcy of the weather prevehtfed'"so' 1 lai-ge an attenda'n'ce as jthe troupe. deserved. pThey have earhed goJdentOpinioriS; from eveiy audience they;bave played to an Maldon. On Friday, a meeting of the Committee appointed at a public meeting to watch over the int£r«ts # tfie >itepiyers of Maldon in the p matter-cT-the division of the "Shire, Hook place,p Mr W. P. Smith in the "chair," w^n ^a petition vyasprepari^andapprpvedoftpHisExceUeiicy the OovciTiorlu Coupcil,;praying that no alteratioii'. shall Jie made... in. jthe.'preaent division which already gives three members to the Maldon Borough and three ,to . the old Road District. The petition also . Bet forih that, the petition appropriated Mr Kilsby, aud which would , be presented by that "gentleman, had' been obtained without the knowledge or conaent of the Council, who had aliowed the motion, carried without a due knowledge of the provisions of the Act to go -by- default. WelSinnot «iniceive that any doubt «houid exist as to the IpreBent -position of the Shire 4b respect to its (subdivisions., but as euch appears..to be the' -esse, even with some who ovqht'lto be better ~np" In the Act. we reprint the concluding paragrab -in an explanatory Article which" ap-, pparedj^n £his journal onittie 2ethjof^pril;-last:j -^wJniS&r;/as concerns theelectjou^f;jCouS& cillors. the ibrmer Borough and S^^B^get are-maiD subdivisionB^fiive Shire. eaA-rfitlffitt' xng three memhe^, "£hjSc,<me^uing appeare to clause, ' Upon every union of jfliBtJ-jute'if either or any of<the several districts 'district « united '$iich be a single dihiriSb^ * shall become aijdbe by Out Home the Xame respectively a suMivkm tneidiBtnct forced by finch first^^Mf^^td^if we beg to afek if any otiwy.Sl^^^^j^rtracitij' ftomj the Clause than this, J that upon the tfnion of Borough and Boad Distii<St:^ihey«£ach-feeoame subdtifiu.-. , the ilaldon Court sin ce our last issue. - •jfts'J We find that it is the intention of the Newstead Road Board to procead against all those ratepayers of Muckleford, who now having to pay rates to the Maldon Shire, naturally object also to pay a rate struck in the «ame year by their old mates, tbe Newstead people. The Maldon Council, some , time back, decided to defend the case of Mewstead Road Boajjd Howell in the County Court, but refused, when Howell got a verdict, to do the same in the Supreme Court upon the Board giving notice of "appeal, and this, in spite of the favorable "opinion" given in the casein favor of Howell, by a high legal authority. There can be no doubt as to the indebtedness of Muckleford to the Maldon Shire through the old Baringhup Road Board, but there are grave reasons for questioning their right to pay this particular wt« to Newstead. At any rate they will not be justly dealt with if they have, in these times,, to pay to. both ; and we earnestly com mend this view of tke case to tbe Council, and express tbe hope that such steps will be taken as will ensure tine particular case (to decide the whole, question) being ruled upon by the Supreme Court. Had the people of Muckleford known that they were liable to Ne wstead at the time they -consented to : the amalgamation, they wonld-haxc -iintil_a later I they*were lnaSted^to HSRH rbMMm 'Teave Newstead under a fiilsejmpressioii; and as the- Maldon-Conncil were thus enabled to form a Shire, and are now receiving a revenae, they would not, had the true nature of the case been known the least they c^iti now do is to endeavor to hinder a great injustice being done to those they have taken under their protection. An unfortunate accident happened on Sunday last, to a lad named William Wade, who with another lad named Stevenson, son of Mr Stevenson, dairyman, was engaged in what London Flinch, properly enough terms the "idiotic" practice of shooting small birds. The lads were some twenty yards apart, when Stevenson loaded his piece—an bid nnsket—and capped; when in the act of raising the hammer, with the muzzle pointing to Wade, it slipped from his fingers and the cliarge went of£ a large portion of it entering the forehead of Wade. Dr O'Hara was promptly in attendance 011 the removal of the lad to' his home, and does not anticipate fatal consequences, but has some fears for tbe sight of one of the eyes of his patient The perpetrator of the mischief is undoubtedly much pained at the'result, and we trust it may act as a solemn waraing-to him for the future. At the usual weekly meeting of the Maldon Hospital, held yesterday, the following accounts were passed for payment .—Hutton, (wine) 42/; Payne, (salary) £16 13s 4d; vegetables, 9;'6.- .O.ue_patient_bas_ been admitted, and not any discharged, since the last meeting. A so-called revision court was held on Saturday last at the Court House, Maldon, but we pronounce that the whole of the proceedings were illegal, inasmuch as no such court is properly constituted, unless there be present one "police magistrate," or two "justices." On this occasion only H. K. Grant, Esq., J. P., was present, but instead of exercising the only power the Act gives him, viz., to "adjourn the Court to some future day," he sat, and with the assistance of £he Clerk of Petty Sessions, revised the roll. The absence of another justice (on the principle, that "two heads are better than one,") probably led to another gross mistake. The Act requires that upon sufficient " proof" .that a name appearing on the the " voters' roll" is that of a man whose name also appears on the "electoral roll" (by virtue of his naving taken out an "elector's right," or other qualification) it shall be expunged from such electoral roll ; but Mr Grant, in his wisdom, r< quired proof that the two names did not belong to one and the same person, and in the absence of snch proof he ruthlessly struck out the uame—because the registrar could not swear that certain two names did not represent only" one man ! Just about -the same as. putting a prisoner into the dock, finding hini guilty, and hanging him, because hecould'lttot-"prove" his innoceitce, but against whom not atittle of-evidence had[been brought^! ^ ^"msay1'M,P,Vbo is now in Maldon, has addressed a.letter on tlie subject to'the Hon. the Attorney General, as .it is thought that the mischief . can only be remedied by his Excel lency^ in Council, authorising the holding of another revision court It has already been 'discovered that three^names have been wrongfally exPungfed ihrongh; the ^e<iuliar ruling of Mr Grant " The, Rev. T. A. Hamilton, this evening, is. -advertised to deliver a lectureon "the Proverba of all?Natipns.;" tbe proceeds willbe.-devoted to the building fund. v .' .. ; -> C- A petition has been prepared by the Secretaiy of the Maldon Shire Council, praying! His Excellency the Governor to extend the nrovi- ^fiions of the beer licensing clause to the whole of the Shire of Maldon. ^ Do the Council intend doing.anythmgiwith the public streets in the way of maintenance 8 Main-rtrefet, And High-fltreet, after a shower are almp^t like seas of mud. The employment ' two cleanse the streets somewhat on these occasions would be a step in tb:e right direction. '-•:•...."-.••• We have already alluded to the difference 6f opimon^xisting.As to the power of =the Goum fi?™ Jhe voters" 1 roll of the phire pganames of defaultecs. Whether a i"dfrtaulter" shall mten -one who owes for j rates.' levied sinee^the new Act "came into operation,' oroqe who-maytA^own in the books as dwing, mates' to the 'old Municipality, is the queltion.^ has his to Crownland) j^Siej^mK^'feehBlde^a^^'^y,; a storekeeper, 'ftfeaMl^pvj^^k^ gAiiUi power to the Council to m^iiniipay the said rate ; now he pay^JiiSt^f^^' fffeehojd^ P»kriSi«0a jet. jtsessBftlhfi mnsitdfelM&S;^ chised unless lib para th#«W'#4ai>.old fate. This would be retoii^g^^witt ^mte w if they neglect bo obvious a duty. \&:HltK>T" .t! \- • jM • tw • XM A match of a somewhat novel character is to come off to-morrow on the Maldon Oval, vizf a throwing match"; the missile to be used being a cricket balL The first event is between Messrs T Greenwoind and H Pettitt, and the second, between Messrs Pettitt and C. Walmsley the latter giving the former 12 yards on the : throw. .... • ' • « We understand from Captain Ogilvy that he has received no intimation from the Bendigo Volunteer authorities respecting the match made between Sergeant O'Meara for the Bendigomans, and Mr Tate of " ours," for the Maldonians. \- We hope-the -challenged- will not allow the match to fall through, as such matches tend to a deal of spirited emulation, and render " our defenders," familiar with the volunteer weapon. We are assured by many of the Maldon men that' they would gladly allow each side to shoot at tbeir own butts and thus avoid the double joumey, for which perhaps'piany, both of Bendigo and ^Maldon, could not well spare time. - - * - - Our representative, Mr John Ramsay, M.P., has in his capacity of Chairman of the Castlemaine Mining Board, raised something of what our Yankee friends would call a "muss," at Daylesford. For some time a great evil -has- been giqtiofeble at^Da^effiriL an&elsaBhere;, in the : ^saioe --nfffaft.foirtfflyi^.^^ jfor residence under_a n^erV;J^bt, Md'%ren letting off -portions to :after comers. One person held a block of some acres in Daylesford, and having'built thereon, let the land and pre mises, and is quietly enjoying the fruits of this fraud on Government. .|A man named Burke jumped a portion of this block, and was mulcted in somewhat heavy costs -by Mr Daly, P.M. Burke then sent a petition for Mr Ramsay to present to the proper authorities, and in a private letter to Burke, Mr Ramsay expressed his mind pretty freely respecting the manner of Mr Daly's execution of his duty as Warden. Burke injudiciously got-this letter published in the Daylesford Mercury, and the magistrates. of Daylesford, highly indignant, sign -a protest against Mr Ramsay, for thus publicly offering advice to magistrates and condemning their acts. The fact being that Mr Ramsay did nothing of the kind. We may privately express a deal of wholesome truth it woald not be right .to publish—Mr Ramsay had undoubted right to tell Mr. Burke his private opinions. It was Mr Burke's fault—the publication of the letter—and for which our representative must be ^entirely held blameless. To-night the members of the Band of Bope in Maldon, rejoicing in the name of the "Guiding Star,*' give an evening festival in the Welsh Chapel, for which quite an extensive programme has been prepared; also, on Wednesday evening, a tea meeting takes place in the Chapel, at Parkin's Kee£ the~event is advertised as an afternoon and evening fete, when there are to be gas and fire balloons, -a pyrotechnic display^ songs, recitations, etc., -etc. We hear "that a requisition has been presented to Mi Wisewould, of Melbourne, to oppose Mr Ramsay, at the ensuing election for the Assembly. We know nothing of Mr Wisewould, but know that he would be more wise would he. turn a deaf ear to the voice of the charmer in this- case. Mr Earn say has stock too manfully to his professed political deed, and worked too energetically for Maldon for any opponent (even " Honest George ") to have the ghost of a chance of being successful We hope that when next returned, the constituents will be as mindful of their promises as Mr Ramsay has baen of his. 