THE XEWS OF TEE DAY. Ycsterilayv it the city police court, tho two Bicn in custody charged with being members of the. gang that perpeirdtecl tho audacious attempt at robbery on the branch English, Scottish and Australian Bank, at Collingivood, on the previous day, were placed iu the dook, and remanded for seren days. Woods is a small, pale, thin man; and, except that he has the convict type in his expression and bearing, there is nothing remnrkablo about him. Tho other man, Lovy Walker, has nndorgono sen tences, and is familiar with prison discipline ; biit wo learn, Bincc hi3 appearaneo ill tho police court, that ho has olearly and distinctly proved an alibi, and therefore ho will probably. bo discharged this morning, and his name will no longer be connected with this astounding affair. It was ovidont from such circumstances as were ascertainable after the capture of Woods on Tuesday morning, that, lie was acting in concort with several associates — two certainly, and it might bo more. Hence, tho de tectives were on tho nlert throughout the next twenty-four hours, looking up all likely characters among their many acquaintances, and, by noon, yes terday, it was understood among the quidnuncs in polico matters, that three or four additional ' sus pects' had boon apprehended. Such was indoed the fact, but tho statements that wore current respecting these men were, a3 usual, incomplete, and in part incorrect. We have' obtained, from ; authontio sources, tho latost intelligence procurablo last oven ing, and, therefore, what we givo below may be looked upon as the truth, so far as it is expedient nt present to publish. Besides tho two men who appeared iu tho dock in the morning, there were four others in the lock-up last night — namely, Wil liam Carver, Jeremiah Phillips, James Anderson,; and William Thompson — the first . three charged with ' robbery under arms,' and the fourth with being accessory to robbery under arms. Carver and Anderson are described as laborers, and the other two as shoemakers. Anderson was taken to the watchhouse by Detective Bfirlinor, and the others by Detective Williams. Tho man Thomp son is ? only charged : as 'accessory,' and wo pre - sumo that the fact of Carver aud Anderson having been found in his house, in Littlo Bourke stroet, gives a color to the suspicion of guilty laiowledgo on his part. Phillips, it seems, was discovered concealed iu a cottage which ho kail en gaged on hia own account) and by himself,' also in Littlo Bonrko street, or the vicinity^ Tho question of identification is, '-f course, tho first that arises, and this has, wo beliavc, beeu satis factorily settled. As to Woods, taken in the act,' i there can bo no doubt ; thongh it still rem.ilns to La [ discovered who this man is, and whence he came. Carver has been recognised by Mr Grut, tho ledger keeper, as his assailant. That gentleman is con fident of his recognition, and tho man's beard and whiskers correspond with tho description given by him of those appendages after tho fray. Of tho other two men, one of them entered tho bauk, but which, has not, that we are aware of, been yet decided ; and tho other is now ascertained to havo stood outside on the footpath, near tho gato which opens on the small area in front of tho bank premises. Both havo been recognised by persons who saw them'standing there about the timo on Tues day, and observed them mako off when the alariit - was raised. That their identification will bo satis factorily established there need bo no doubt. Some thing in the form of a black mask has been found on tho floor of tho bank since the affair, and a similar mask was found ill the possession of Phillips, when searched- at the lock-up. It seems also that four men wero' observed iu Collingwocd early on Tuesday morning in the neighborhood of George street, or about the lones and rights-of-way between that and Nnpicr street. Mrs Black aud- a Mrs Macrndy arc understood to have been tho observers. From thoir tfoscriptioa of two of tlio men as having bushy beiwlu- anil whiskers, Curvsr and Phillips are supposed' to lie indicated. Fur ther, Mr Throckmorton's storekeeper and a young man engaged' in tho same employ havo recognised all four men as having formed a suspicious party who were obscrvod by them prowling about Flinders street when that daring; robbery at Messrs Bergiu's storo was committed so strong was tho storekeeper's suspicion of these men' that evening, that ho not only scanned thenx narrswly, but he directed the young man to keep his eye i-.pon them while h e was loading his revolver in the storo and letting the dogs off the chain in tho yard. The similarity in the method of procedure in both, cases Etrongly corroborates tho recognition. The 1 supposition is that tho whole gwig liavo only re cently arrived in this colony, and that they have hardly hud- time to familiarise themselves with the ' manners and customs' * of tho- country. Hence their effrontery and theso fearful outragos. It is but just to'-tho detectives to notice tho alacrity aud diligence with- which they havo traced theso men, and arrivei at something like a solution of a criino which at first appeared rather mysterious — as outro, unusual, and- occentric. Within twouty-six hours of tho event, six suspected partakers in the ad venture lied been, discovered and captured, and in a short timo- moro the genuine four who-did tho deed appear to have beeu ascertained with comethitig ap proaching to ? certainty. This speaks- well for the efficiency cf- our detective arrangements, and is eminently creditable to tho skill and alertness of the ofiicers. . In reforenoe to a utatement made by-Mr Cope at tho recent meeting at Collingwood, to tho- effect that the Editor of tho Ago was a candidate for a Govern ment appointment,. Mr Cope writes ua-to say that ho had received the information from several friends previous to tho meeting, who now infornv liim that they had sooa .it reported in a newspapor ;. and he udds : — ' Sinco that meoting I havo muds-further in quiries and am . given to understand that.tliese ro- ? ports had no foundation in fact.' Wo arc aatisfied with Mr Cope's explanation, which relieves him ol tho charge cf- ? having made an untruthful alloga- ': tion. Wo understand that when Mr Cliilders accepted i seat in tho present Cabinet of Groat Britain, lit handed over tho business of tho colony of- Victoria and the varioc3 books and papors to Capt. Clarke, who will continue to net as Agent-General,, instead of Mr Childers, poudiDg the decision of the Govern ment of this oolony, who, as yet, havo arrived at no 1 determination on tho subject. : Somo of onr-contcmporaries appear to have fallen into a singular mistako in announcing, r.s probable 1 candidates at-, tho next general election, several per sons who aro absent from tho colony and not likely { to return for.-somo considerable timo, asf- under the ! ? now Electoral Act, it is necessary that the candidate should himself sigp his nomination 2-aper. Thus, Mr Geo. Eolfe has beeu mentioned for moro than . one constituency, .and it is evident that ho will not stand, since ho is at present iu Englaudj where he _ i proposes to .remain for some months. j The steamship ; Scotia, whoso wrsok at Bluflr : ! Harbor was-reportcd in our yesterday's issue, is, wo ' ! . learn, covered in Glasgow for £35,000; No portion i of tho hull is. insured in tho' colonies. Upon the cargo wo hear that tho Universal Company had a I £5000 risk j . the Canton, £0000; tho -Derwent and. i Tamar,-. £1000 ; tho Australasian and. the United, | trilling amounts under £200. A considerable por» I tion of-: tho cargo, which consisted mainly of flour j and drapery goods, was uninsured.. j Ia the district court, yesterday, before Mr Hackett, j tho agent of the Peninsular and Oriontal Company 1 in BIf lbourno, John Sparkes, wa3. roonired to show ! cause why tho penalties prescribed in certain clauses | of tlio Passage Brokers Act, 1SG3, should not be ' inflicted ou him. Two charges, at the instance of jthe immigration agent, Mr M'Farlaue, were pre ferred : one that Mr Sparkes had acted as a passage ?broker, in disposing of passengers' tickets by the 1 mail steamers, without being liccnsod to do so, as the - law requires ; tho other charge was that ho had i given a certain Alexander M\i?urlano, a passenger j by tlio Madras, a ticket not corresponding with tho j form proscribed in tho schedule of the act. Mr I Read uppeared to prosecute ;; aud Mr D.xivson for the ! defendant. Tho facts set forth in the information . i wero admitted, the only question being whether Mr J Sparkes, as the snlaried manager of tho company, j could in any sense bo considered a ' broker.' lie j represents tho principals on one side, certainly, but j he is not paid by commission, nor has lie to nogo- J tiato the 'transactions in order to business ; in -fact, If ho is not 'concerned' in tho salo of passenger : I tickets, in tho senso meant hy the act. So it wa | contonded on that side. On tho other hand, Mr Read j lirged that tho act dealt with nil parties alike, whe- ] ther brokers or not, and that no one, whether broker, owner, agent or manager could legally sell tickets in this colony without having a liconso as n passage broker.. This point was argued at longth, and, ulti mately, 'Mr Hackott postponed the case to the next day, in order; to tliiuk it ever moro carefully and examine tlio act. There was also a charge against Mr Glynn, tlio landlord, but not the licensee, of the Royal Charter, for supplying customers with liquors without having a license.' The fact was proved, and ho was fined £5 and costs. I We oro glad to hoar thit the directors of tho Ans- I traliun and Eastern Navigation Company have de- » tbrmiued to ro-construot the compauy, and will ha ! prepared to purchase at par all shares held byshare- j holders who do not wish to retain their interest . in | tho company. s \ ? Wo aro informed that during tho voyage to this 1 port, und when off the Cape of Good Hope, a fire \ broke out on boai'd the lied Rose, about six feet for- \ v.'ard of tho main hatchway. Tho firo was, however, | promptly extinguished, and comparatively little damage was done. ' i Tho Melbourno Criminal Sessions for June com menced yesterday, .in the old court; house, before his Honor Mr Justice Barry, and a large number : of tlio more unimportant cases on the list wero disposed of. Thomas Fawcett pleaded guilty to a charge of stealing money from the person of Johu D'Eston- . bille, and was remanded for^sentence. Henry ; Hamilton, who pleaded guilty to a charge of steal ing a watch, and against whom tliero was a furthoc charge of assault and robbory, was also remanded for sentence. Thomas Jonos was convicted of an attempt to commit a criminal e.ssuult v.uoa ono -fl— — WiliM U ilWI II lihmmimi 111 ' Trances Steer, at Berwick, near Dande aong, . and sentenced to threo years' Lard labor on the roads. James Benson, who, on the :21st May last, presented a cheque purporting to bo drawn by Messrs Oallender anjl Co., for £683, on tho London Chartered Bank, and which was found to be a forgery, pleaded guilty to the charge of uttering tho cheque, and was sentenced to six years' hard labor on tho roads. A rather curious charge of stealing a cheque was preferred against a boy fifteen years old, named John Campbell. Tho cheqno had been removed from the house of ono Wm. Winter, at Richmond, 'and the theft was committed by a boy ton years old, named Wallaman, who was the principal witness for tho prosecu tion. Ho slated that ho acted at tho instiga tion of Campbell. Tho jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and tho prisoner was discharged, his Honor recommending the parents of tho boy to correct him. A cliargo of stealing half a sovereign, made by ono Ford, a storekeeper at Campbelllield, against Patrick Taylor, resulted in tho acquittal of the prisonor. It was stated by tho arresting con stable that Taylor swallowed the coin. Edward Davis, the artilleryman charged with stealing £11 in notos and gold, aud a cheque for £30, from Capt. Tyler's house at Toorak, having nvailed himself of the opportunity afforded him as sentry when on , guard to enter the premises, was found guilty, and romanded for sentence. Tho dvens Constitution says ' So great is the dissatisfaction of tho Wangaratta merrtbors with thoir late representative, Sir Francis Murphy, that they offered to pay tho whole electioneering expenses of a Beechworth resident, who happened to bo present, if the gentleman would only allow himself to bu nominated in opposition to the Speaker.' Tho Nisi Prius sittings of the Supreme Court be fore Trinity Term wore resumed yesterday, the remaining eases for trial coming before his Honor Mr Justice Williams and special jurios of four. In Lawranco v. Barnes, an action ou Iwo bills of ex change, a verdict was entered for the defendant by direction. Donohoe v. Moore, an action of replevin, tho dispute being as to tho light of tenancy in cer tain premises in Littlo Collins street, resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff, damages 40s. A serious accident occurred on Tuesday night, al tho claim of the Enfield Company, Dnrham Lead. The Ballaarat Evening Tost says : — ' At abont eight o'clock tho alarm whistle of the claim sounded, aud a number of men proceeded to tho spot, when they discovered that a portion of tho drive had fallen in. Threo men who wero working in the drive at the timo narrowly escDped being killed. One of them is seri ously injured about the chest aud upper part of the body, another has received a severe contusion in the leg, and tho third has sustained a compound fracture of the ancle.' A nugget of gold and quartz mixed, weighing 49 oz, was got on Tuesday by Nye and party in New Chum Gully, Creswick. Tlie nugget is supposed to contain about 40 oz of pure gold. ' From tho va rious largo pieces of gold and quartz mixed which havo been found at different periods in tho locality, tliero appeurs,' say3 tho Star, ' to be no doubt of the existence of a rich quartz reef in tho neighbor hood.' A stack, containing forty tons of hay, valued at about £200, was destroyed by firo on Sunday even ing, at the farm of Mr E. Wilson, near Keilor. It is not known in what manner tho firo originated. Tho Chinese, through their imperfect knowledge of tho English language and English law, liavo several times failed to receive a full measuro of jus tice. The M. A. Mail reports a caso which occurred in tho Castlemaiue county court which furnishes a rare instance of a Chinaman suing for compensation for false imprisonment. He had boon apprehended and given into custody by an European ou a cliargo of theft, but was acquitted by the magistrates. Upon this ho brought an action for tho recovery of £50 damages, but unfortunately had sued a wrong man, and consequently lost his case, having also the expenses to pay. 'John' will, 110 doubt, consider that his knowledge of the English law is dearly bought. Tho Great Republic Company, Ballaarat, is now no more. Tho Star says 'After a life of several years on the Inkcrmann Lead, and with moro or less success, and after passing through several transformations, it has at last given up tho ghost, and all its corporealities wore bought on Tuesday, by *.ho Royal Saxon Company, for tho sum of £2525. This includes tho Lemonade freehold, tho Crown land claims, and all tho plants aud machinery on both the froehold and Crown land claims. It is 'Baid that there had been a company formed and a nice littlo plan arranged by certain of tho Re public directors to get the whole properties into their bauds, but an unexpected competition arose at the sale, and the Royal Saxon Company oventually became tho purchaser. A steam vessel, fitted for shallow waters, has bean built by Mr Oliver on the south bank of the Yarra, and is now so far completed that she will be launched as soon as the river rises to a sullicicnt height, which i3 greatly dependent on tho direction of the wind. Tho vessel is 130 feet long over all, and 126 feot botween tho inside perpendiculars. Her breadth of beam amidships is 18 feet 4 inches, and her depth of hold 7 feot. She is flat bottomed, with a round bilge. Her carrying capacity is 200 tons burthen, and her draught of water at tho most between threo aud four ftct. Slio is built ?of Oregon pine, on angle iron framing, and, for tho purpose of giving lier greater strength, she has two kelsons a fow feot distant from tho centre kelson and keel, and from tho sides. Those kelsons aro half checked into beams running athwart tho bottom between each of tho anglo iron framings, aud aro .bolted through to tho outside planking. There is no inner lining over tho angle iron-framing at llio sides ; but there is an innor iloor, between which and tho bottom planking is a clear spice of about nine inches. Tho width of tho fioor of tho hold amidship is about 18 feet. The ilooring is of Baltic pine and tho decks of Oregon pine. Tho bend of the iron framing is greatly strengthened by a second course of thick planking inside. The hold is divided into threo parts separated by iron water tight bulkheads. The centro compartment is for the machinery, and tho fore and aft compartments for cargo or passengers, according to tho nature of the trade for which tho vessel may be used. She is to be fitted with separate action engines of 100 horso power,'-' and her machinery will also comprise a supar-heating apparatus, which, condonsing tho -exhausted stoam, supplies the boilers with a con siderable quantity of fresh water, nnd thus diminishes the salt water corrosion. The engines will be on deck, but will be \- covered by a gangway deck on anglo iron fram ing. TIfe wheels, which aro to be ' overliuug,' or fan shaped from the centro, will bo 17 feet diameter, so that the height of the paddle-boxes abovo the ?deck are about nino foet. Exteriorly, she has a strange appearance, being wall-sided for tho middle third of her length, but well rounded into good lines fore-and-aft from the sponsons. Her copper ing extends up 'tho sides about throe feet three inches, or nearly her full draught. Tho engines and machinery, which are not yet on board, havo all been made by tho Messrs Fulton, Flinders street. 'The vessel, as above stated, will bo launched as soon as there is a sufficient depth of water. In order to be prepared for tho first favorable opportunity tho ways havo, already been laid. Tho mode of launch ing to bo adopted is n vary unusual one. Tho narrowness of tho river does not permit of a vessel ?of such length being launched stem foremost, as in ordinary ca3es, directly into tho stream, un less she were placod moro angularly. She will in- consequenoe bo launched sideway3 into a ?dook adjoining the yai'd, and running up from tlio river. Such is' tlio strength of her bottom and fram ing, that fore and aft, boyond tho ways, there is an overhang ol about forty feet, or, in other words, there are about forty feet on each side of the ways without any undernoath support. Tho vessel was originally intonded for the New Zealand river trad', but there aro some prospects of her being employed in the Gipp3 Land Lakes traffic, for which slio seems to bo admirably adapted both a3 regards capacity and draught of water. Should she bo so destined, and should slio be successful, tbo journey to Wood's Point nnd other of tho Gipps Land gohl fiolds, will be rendered both easy and pleasant. Tho University Forensic Society bold a meeting, on Tuesday evening, at the county court, Mr Jno. Maino in tho chair, to devise means by which tho privileges of tho society may be made available to a larger portion of its members than has recently at tended tho fortuightly debates. Mr J. J. Moody, the honorary secretary, reported that tho financial po sition of the society was satisfactory, and that a large proportion of tho members present at the debates, not only previously carefully read tho cases on the subjects of debates, but took an active and credit able part in the discussions thereon. The .council, however, considered that, in justice to the members themselves, and in courtesy to tlio ^vice- presidents, who gave their valuable time at personal inconvc nienco, and tho benefit of their legal attainments, in elucidating the points of debate, a larger number of members ought to attend. After n full discussion on this and other subjects connected with the wel fare of the society, it was resolved that the members, present al tho meeting pledge themselves to attend tlio debates regularly, unless illness or other urgent necessity prevent them. The Ballaarat Star says: — ' Wo have had reported to us, ou satisfactory evidence, an instance of prac tical good resulting from tho preaching of tlio Rev. W. Taylor at Clunes. A person there who owed £100 to a creditor, but had not only not paid but had denied the debt, wa3 so inlluenced by tho rev. gentleman's address, that ho wrote to the creditor and acknowledged and paid tho debt. Several other cases of restitution liavo been at various times re ported as following from Mr Taylor's ministrations, but fow have been so striking or so well authenti cated as the ono wo havo given abovo.' No less than three attempts wero made on Tues day afternoon, to rob tho till of the Black Bull Hotel, Geelong. Tho Advertiser states that Mr Rico, tho proprietor, noticed tho proceeding on tho second occasion, and resolving to give tho would be- thief a chance, secreted himself to watch his manipulations. Presently the hand was stretched across tlie counter and was about to draw forth the till, when Mr Rico jumped up and delivered a smashing blow full in tlie rascal's faeo, which stag gered him. Recovering himself, however, he took to his legs, and made off at top speed, rounding Dalgety's corner, and heading for the bay, followed by a crowd, crying ' Stop thief,' the fellow him self joining iu tho cry as lustily as any one. He was brought to a stand in Corio street, taken into custody by Sergeant Golding, and lodged in the lock-up. A novel and somowliat ludicrous affair occurred at Mount Greenock one day last week, which is thus chronicled by tho Talbot Leader : — 'With a view to intimato to claimholders that the Prince of Wales Company had struck tho lead beneath tho Blount, tho Princo of Wales men erected a staff twenty feet high on the Mount, and hoisted a (lag 8 feet by 3 feet 6 inches thereon. Tho ground of the banner was of whito, with the Princo of Wales plumo iu red in tho centre. For a fow hours this flag waved gaily in tho breeze, without let or hindrance, but at length it attracted tho notico of a large eaglehawk, who happened to bo passing noar, and who evidently deomed that a great liberty had been taken with his eyrie by tho Princo of Wales men. Sweeping rouud tho staff several times, ho at last made an indignant attack : upon the ilag, which ho tore down, and then flew away across country with his prey. One of tho owners of the flag speedily obtained a fowling piece to bring the robber to bay, but the shot whistled harmlessly in tho direction ho had taken, and tho only satisfaction ho had was to see the majestic bird sail away across tho bush, evidently woll satisfied with tho revenge ho had taken upon those who had used his eyrie for a common mun dano purposo. Tho bird was watched for a con siderable distance, and when last seen was still holding the flag firmly in his beak.' The bazaar lately held iu aid of St. Luke's Church funds, Emerald Hill, has more than an swered tho expectations of its promoters. Tho accounts just made up by tho cliurchwardons show tho following results : — Money taken at doors, &c.;, £88 13s 9d; stall 1 (Mesdumes Hughes, Saudi lands, Shepherd and Wilson), £131 15s 4d ; stall 2 (Mesdames Baker, Exon, Popple well and Rider), £119 12s 3d; stall 3 (Mesdames Dickinson, Foote and Findlay), £105 9s 3d j stall 4 (Mesdames Daish and Millidge), £98 lis 8d; stall 5 (Mesdames Cole aud Whiteman), £82 16s lid ; stall 6 (Mes dames Coleman, Coope, Davidson, Fraser, Jenkins, Batching and Teale), £71 163 Id; stall 7, inclu ding refreshments, (Mrs Hubbard) £60 63 6d ; malting a total of £767 33 4d, Besides clearing off tho church dobts, the managers, with theso funds, have been ablo to purchase a bell and to order a good organ from England, which is expocted in November. Tliero aro still some more contributions and funds to bo given in. Tho county court was occupied for a considerable time yesterday in hearing the caso Ilockins v. Graham, an action brought by tho plaintiff, to recover the sum of £49, for an assault committed 011 him by tho defendant. Tho evidence on both sides was of a very conflicting nature, and tho case was rendered still more complicated by tho infu sion of a mass of irrelevant matter. It ap pears that, at the time of the allogcd assault, tho plaintiff was in tho employment of tho defendant, and had been bo for nearly throe years. In con Hcquonce, however, of some words that had passed between him and Mr Graham, he had determined to leave. When the timo for squaring accounts carao, the plaintiff signed tho book for £5 5s, and five £1 notes and five shillings in silver wero laid on tho table. Tho defendant wished to deduct £2 15s from this, to reimburse himself for expenses I10 had'inei:rre& in' {to matter of the .prose cution of tho plaintiff for shooting some goats, the property of a neighbor, which had made incursions in tho garden. Tho plaintiff disputed defendant's right to deduct anything from his wages ou tliat accouut, as it was by his orders the goats wero shot. Words waxed high, and the dofendant, losing liis temper, seized hold of plaintiff by tho beard, throw him down, and otherwise maltreated him. In tho scuffle which ensued, the money was thrown oft' tho table, and plaintiff picked up ft portion of it, but doniod baring the whole amount. The defendant was summonod to the polico court, and fined £5 for tho assault ; but the present action was brought to obtain a civil remedy. After the examination of a number of witnesses, his Honor awarded £20 as damages fortho assault, aud £2 16s wages, as he did not consider that plaintiff ought to boar the expenses consequent on the shooting of tho goats. Mr Newton appeared for. tho plaintiff; and Mr Bindon for tho defendant. Tho usual weekly meeting of the council of tho Acclimatisation Society was hold on Tuesday. There were present Mr E. Wilson, Dr. Black, Dr. Mueller, Professor M'Coy, Dr. Madden, Dr. Joseph Black, Liout.-Colonol Champ, hon. W. C. Haines, Messrs H. E. Watts, G. W. Rusden, S. H. Bindon, aud H. J. Chambers. A letter was read from Mr E. L. Layard, of Capo Town, stating that ho was preparing to send a number of pheasants and partridges by H.M.S. Neptune, shortly expected to call there. These birds had already been accustomed to confinement, and wero then being kept in tlio coops in which it was intended to ship them. A letter was also read from the Acclimatisation Society of Great Britain, stating that, out of tho fifteen Wouga pigeons scut iu tho Moravian, fourteen had arrived in a fine healthy condition, that being tho most successful shipment hitherto made to that society . A letter from Dr. Sclator, secretary to tho Zoological Society of London, announced that two pair of Brent geeso and four pair of summer ducks had been shipped, per Su3sex, as a present from the society. Tho secretary reported tho arrival, per R.M.S. Bombay, of a pair of very fine barra singha deer, sent by Mr Arthur Groto, of Calcutta; also, of ono buck and two does of axis oryzar deer, for warded by Mr C. P. Layard of Colombo. None of either of these species havo ever been received in this colony before. Tho barra singha is & largo deer, and is a native of India ; the axis oryzar is a much smaller animal, smaller even than the axis maculata or spotted axis, and resembles in form the hog deer. It inhabits Ceylon, aud is not known to liavo any representative 011 tho- Indian continent. The secretary reported that tlie progress of tlio j salmon parr continued highly satisfactory, and Pro fessor M'Coy stated that he had that morning re moved the fish from tho paus in which thoy wero liatchel to a largo wooden tank which had beeu prepared for thorn ; this was done by just allowing | the pans to sink below tho level of tho water, and tho fish immediately commencod swimming over 'tho sides, and took refuge under tho stones with which tho bottom of tho lank was covered. It was decided to hold tlio proposed acclimatisation dinner at Scott's Hotel, on Wednesday, 6th July. Tho next conversaziono of tho society was arranged to take plaoo on Wednesday next, at the Mechanics' lustitutc. A meeting of tho council of tho Board of Agricul ture was held, yesterday, Mr J. Mackenzie, of South Barwon, in tho chair. Tho minutes of tho previous meeting having been read nnd confirmed, Mr J. Watsou, secretary, rend communications from the Wahgunyali and Ballaarat societies, stating, with respect to tho ccreal seeds brought out from Europe by Sir Redmond Barry, that thoy had been oreatlv iniurod bv boinsr stowed away in tho hold of tho vessel by which they were brought out, and that a groat loss had in consequcnco resulted lo the colony. Tlio secretary stated that tho vcgotablo seeds, which wero received afterwards, wero in much better condition, and that, with tho view of securing thoir successful cultivation, a samplo of each kind had been sent to tho experimental farm. The pro duce of theso would, ho also said, bo distributed amongst tho several local societies during tho pre sent season. Tho council then agreed to purchase a number of scabby sheep, at a cost of £4, for tho purposo of onabling Mr Costcllo's scab specific to be tested ; and a committee, consisting of thelion. F. Robertson, M.L.C.; the hon. W. Campbell, M.L.C. ; Mr Ainslie, Mr Carfrae, nnd tho secretary, was ap pointed to superintend the experiments. Mr Ramsay, M.L.A., took occasion to mention that Mr Robert M'Cracken, a very old colonist, but who had been engaged for many years past in a neighboring colony in preserving meat for local consumption and exportation, had applied to the Government for a lease of about three acre3 of land at Footscray, for the purposo of a moat curing establishment on an extensive scale. Tho project, he Eaid, was one in which he considered the board ought to take some interest, as being calculated to enhanco the value of cattle. The secretary stated that Mr M'Cracken had long carried ou a largo meat curing establishment in all its branches in Tas mania, aud had received certificates of merit from the Commissioners of tho Exhibition of 1861, for tho superior quality of his preserved meats. After a short conversation tho matter dropped. Tho chairman suggested that tho council should take some stops for the establishment of a colonial agri cultural show, lo be open to competitors from all parts of tho colony. In tho course of a conversa tion that took placo on the subject, it appeared that a sub committee oxisted for tho purposo of making arrangements for a general colonial agricultural show ; and tho sub-committee was instructed to meet after tho adjournment of tho council, and to bring up a report on tho subject to tho meeting of the board, in August npxt, when a proposition of grant ing £1000 towards tho promotion of tho society would bo considered. Tho Rev. A. Love, of Geelong, officiated last Sunday, at Campbelllield Church, and preached a funeral sermon upon tho death of tho lato pastor of that congregation, the Rev. Mr Gunn. Tho text chosen for the occasion was tho tenth verso of tho 14th chapter of Job : ' But man dieth and wastelh away ; yea, man givcth up tho ghost, and where is he ? ' These words wero treated as being tho lan guage of reflection, of sorrow, and of consolation, and their consideration was urged with ranch ear nestness and vigor, and at times with touching elo quence. At tho close of his sermon, tho rev. gentleman referred to tho doath of the lato pastor of the con gregation, and boro an affeetionato testimony, based upon a long acquaintance, to the zeal that he evor manifested for tho establishment of churches amongst tho earlier colonists; and for his anxiety for the protection of tho helpless aud the welfaro of tho poor ; that ho spared no exertions, but visited far and wide, that he might spread tho conso lation of his mission in scattered homes. His labors, of which tho congregation wero witnesses, and his memory tho preacher hoped would 1)0 preserved among them, on tablets more lasting than thoso of marblo or brass. The rev. gentleman then announced that, according to tlio' forms of tho Presbyterian church, the vacancy would be duly announced by a member of tho Mol bourne presbytery ou the following Sunday. The death of Mr Gunn leaves the Rev. A. Lovo, of Geelong, tlio last surviving member of the first Melbourno presbytory. Tlie performance at tho Theatre Royal last night comprised the drama of ' Miriam's Crime,' tho farce of ' Tho Captain's Not A Miss,' and tho ro mantic corned^ of ' Our Wife.' A musical treat will bo afforded this evening on tho occasion of a oomplimontary bonofit to the Misses Emma and Clelia Howson. Tho programmo selected will in clude tho first and second acts of 'Der Freischutz,' tho third act of ' Maritana,' and tho farco of ' Aldgalo Pump,' iu which Mr Frank Howson will appear. ? ? 