SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. TWO NOISY BOYS IN A BELFRY. AN old gentleman, with whom I am well acquainted, and whose varied experience has furnished me with many subjects for my pen, has supplied me with the following authentic incident, which I narrate for the special advantage of the many boys and girls who I know are regular readers of the Sydney Mail, Of course, adults too can read my narrative, if they are inclined to do so; but I trust they will kindly bear in mind that it is written with a view to please juvenile tastes, and to instruct young minds. "When I was a boy, which is a good many years ago, Mr. Boomerang," said my venerable friend, who was reclining the while in an old arm-chair in my study. "When I was a curly-headed little boy, nine or ten years of age, I was, one Sunday afternoon, sent, as usual, to our village church, in company with my brother, who was about two years younger than myself. The church was a moderate-size building, and was graced at one end with a small bell tower, surmounted by a conical spire, like the extinguisher of a kitchen candlestick. "On the afternoon alluded to, my brother and I, in a reprehensible, trifling spirit, selected one of the galle- ries, instead of our accustomed place in the lower part of the church, and were shown into a pew, about a quarter of an hour before the usual time for service to begin. Soon after we had seated ourselves, our atten- tion was attracted to an open doorway, into a narrow space behind the organ, where a tall youth was pulling a bell-rope with great vigour, and with an evident sense of the importance of his work. Instantly I con- ceived a strong desire to have a pull at the bell—for I had never yet tested my skill in that kind of music. Upon communicaling my longings to my brother be- side me, I found that he was anxious for a pull too; so we left our pew, and straightway ascended to the gap behind the organ, and introduced ourselves—in boys' unceremonious style—to the youthful bellringer and bellows-blower aforesaid, who condescendingly allowed each of us to have a pull at his bell for a few minutes; but finding that we did not keep correct time with our ding-dong, and fearing, perhaps, that he might get into disrepute through our imperfect toll- ing, the tall youth declined our eager offers of farther assistance at the rope, but consented to our going aloft to see the bell at work. Accordingly we ascended a long dusty ladder, which led to a little square wooden turret, just above the roof of the church, where was a large bell hung on an oaken frame, with a wheel at me end of the axle or pivot, and a rope attached thereto, the lower end of which was in the hands of the lad below, who was apparently using extra exertions just then to astonish us—for the bell was in full swing, 'or sallee,' and shook the little steeple so much that we could scarcely stand without holding to the bell-frame or to the bars of the windows. "The noise was stunning, and at first positively startling; but, after a short time, we recovered our composure, and began to make our observations, and to communicate them to each other in unstudied phraseology, plain, though peihaps not polite—for boys are seldom remarkable for strict attention to etiquette. "Is'nt it a big un, Jack?" remarked my brother, with his eyes full of wonder. I saw his lips move on full stretch, and his countenance express awful admi- ration, as he nodded at the clanging bell, but I could not hear a word he uttered; so I replied at the top of my voice, "I can't hear you, Bob! you must squall like an upstairs lodger in a house on fire." "Is't it a big un, Jack?" repeated Bob, with the utmost emphasis, and with his hands to his mouth in boatswain's fashion, so that I heard him plainly above the deafening din. "Yes, a regular whopper," I replied; and then we commenced a lengthy dialogue (which I need not detail) in the same elevated key, and shrieked and hooted like a couple of angry owls, in order to fully sa- tisfy ourselves that out voices could sound louder than the labouring bell. At the same time, we were inno- cently unconscious that we were creating a sensation beneath us, or we should have certainly chosen some other occasion and some other place for trying the strength of our lungs. We had no idea of making a disturbance in a church, above all other places—for, though I say it, Mr. Boomerang, we were too well bred to be wilfully guilty of such ill manners, nay, such gross wickedness, as to desecrate God's Holy Temple. "In the meantime, however, there was quite a com- motion in the church below, almost amounting to a panic. The minister had ascended to his pulpit, and the clerk to his desk, when our shrill voices startled them from their composure, and startled their congre- gation too. The mysterious question, 'Is'nt it a big un, Jack?' and the equally incomprehensible reply, 'Yes, a regular whopper,' sounded through the ven- tilators in the ceiling, almost as plainly as if we had been shouting in the body of the building itself, while our loud hooting and howling was heard even more distinctly, and which the trembling old sexton be- lieved was a break-out among the ghosts in the vaults, "Some of the congregation looked at each other in half-horrified amazement while the extraordinary riot was at its height, and others looked gravely comical. The parson looked at the clerk, and the clerk looked at the beadle, who looked as fierce as a Fijian warrior; then grasped his club—or rather his cane—as if fairly resolved to wreak vengeance upon the heads of those enemies to peace and concord as soon as he could find them, and waddled down the aisle as fast as he could move his ponderous body. It was some minutes before he could divine from whence the heathenish yells proceeded—for they were unlike the disturbances which he was so frequently called upon to quell. He had, alas! to his sorrow, and to the shame and dis- grace of some of the unruly boys of the parish, often been obliged to exercise his authority to keep order in the church porch, and to flog some of those thought- less triflers who had so little veneration for the sanc- tity of God's House, as to simply create noises and disturbance during Divine Service, to the great annoy- ance of the congregation, as well as to the distraction of the worthy minister in the pulpit. "When Mr. Budd, the beadle, got outside the church doors, he soon ascertained that the objection- able sounds came from the bell-turret. So upstairs he hastened, and with the utmost difficulty squeezed his big body through the little doorway behind the organ, gave a terrible scowl, in passing, at the tall youth, who was still tolling the bell (which signified that he owed him a caning, and would not forget to pay him when he came down again), and began to ascend the dusty ladder, which was not a very easy or dignified job for a bulky parish beadle with his best gold- laced Sun- day coat on. "Just as my brother and I were singing with all our might, 'How doth the little busy bee,' the fat head and shoulders, and the formidable rattan of Mr. Budd ap- peared through the trap opening of the turret, which put a stop to our music in a moment, and made us shrink into our humblest dimensions—for we had a wholesale dread of beadles, as most little boys have, or had, in those good old times, when beadles were men of more importance than they are now-a-days. In another moment or two my terrified brother Bob and myself were hopping about the shaking turret like scalded frogs, and humbly begging the irate func- tionary to have mercy upon us; but he totally disre- garded our petitions, or our loud screams (which further astounded the disconcerted congregation below), and flogged us both, until he was satisfied that he had given us sufficient, or else was thoroughly winded and not able to cane us any more. While Mr. Budd was taking a rest and wiping the perspiration from his red face, my brother and I descended the ladder faster than lamplighters, and rushed out of the doorway behind the organ, receiving a savage kick each from the bellringer as we departed; and then we made the best of our way downstairs, and out of the church, with hundreds of flashing eyes following as, and with more marks than we had ever before received in one day, some of which were plainly traceable seven weeks afterwards." * * * * Some readers may be inclined to think that there is nothing in the foregoing incident very creditable to my old friend's young head, or his heart either. So I think; and my old friend is of the same opinion himself. He did not tell the story exultingly—far from it; but he is especially anxious for the welfare of young people; and in his endeavours to instruct, as well as to amuse them, he sometimes briefly refers to his own youthful follies or foibles—not for the imi- tation of others, but for the purpose of warning them of the treacherous by-paths, from the highway of virtue and wisdom, which he has incautiously taken on his life's journey, and which have invariably led him into a labyrinth of briers and nettles. This incident could be applied to a good many per- sons and positions in every-day life, and a useful moral drawn therefrom; many analogous cases are before my mind as I write. I can picture a multitude of thoughtless youths who are now shouting and hooting (like my friend and his brother Bob in the belfry) in the feverish excitement of sensual pleasures, and are unconscious that their riotous revelry is heard above the discord by which they are surrounded. But Mr. Budd will visit them very soon, in the shape of aches and pains, and shattered nerves—for they may be assured they will not transgress Nature's laws with impunity. They had better cease their uproar, and come down from the belfry to their proper seats, like good boys, before the beadle mounts the ladder with his rattan, and make them smart. And those two half-tipsy youths, whose fresh, ruddy faces, and wrinkled coats indicate that they have just come on shore from the London ship, which dropped anchor last night in Sydney Cove. They reel along George-street, wildly exulting in their new- found liberty, in being able to indulge their long pent- up propensities without dread of admonitions from parents or guardians. They fancy, too, that, as they are far away from home, in a strange place, where no person knows them, their debauchery will not attract attention to their prejudice. But they are egregiously mistaken, poor fellows! Mr. Budd, or his represen- tative, will visit them by-and-by, and sadly they will feel the stripe of his castigatory cane. If ihey escape the talons of the many birds of prey which are con- stantly on the watch for such green goslings, they will not wholly escape the notice of the respectable portion of our community, and that they will, perhaps, soon discover to their great disadvantage. Many a young man has lastingly injured his prospects in the colony by indulging in riotous excesses on his first arrival with some of his fellow-passengers, under the foolish idea that he could do so with impunity in a place where he was a complete stranger; whereas, the fact of his being a new arrival had attracted special atten- tion to his intemperance and his swaggering impu- dence. Examples—not among young folks only—might be multiplied of persons who are "wasting their sub- stance in riotous living," disturbing their peaceable neighbours, wrecking their health and their reputation too, and, worse than all, periling their immortal peace; while they seem—like the boys in the belfry—uncon- scious of their folly and danger, or else utterly careless about it. Alas! we often see Mr. Budd come to such in the form of grim death, to startle them in their sad revelry, and to hurry them off to their doom which they have been preparing for throughout their lives. "The path of duty is the path of safety" for either young or aged travellers. Had my friend and his brother attended to that maxim they would have taken their usual seats in church, like good boys, on the afternoon referred to, and thus saved themselves from the subsequent disaster which befel them. In order to clearly perceive the path of duty at all times, it is necessary to ask for Divine light; and if we ask aright we shall receive plain direction and guidance for every day's journey. In conclusion, I would say to my patient reader, begin each day with sincere prayer to God—for prayer is the golden key which unlocks Heaven to pour down blessings on you, such as you stand in need of; and end each day with sincere prayer to God—for it is the golden key that will lock you up under Heaven's gracious protection. Darlinghurst. 