NUMBEB SETBNTEEN p£PVEE TO THE POLICE COTJET, AND OIVBB ^ M A rOEE SBOETENED GtlMPBE OP THE OBJECT nv ni6 Seabch. ... ? v ? t ...j tt:. hardly restrain my reeling. »»» * «=?»» -?'' J?°f Lt expieetive epistle that said as much Hi' Uf' . words i and I experienced eome & 80 . nrickiDRS of conscience, as I could not but ?''j wtmU »» «he author of this calaml,y- Had I 'fbew soft rnough to have forwarded the half rot Been catastrophe would never have W*'' 5 ,n one whom it was my deBire to beneit, not wcurl However, there was one satisfaction through TlSi- I had now got my poor man safe. He was * J . lie lock and key of the myrmidons of the penal _ j t ino« that he could not escape me. I am 3*'- Jww Be tbis view of tbe case etruck me, I felt rleasure at the certainty of at last finding an 53 J n» weerv Bearch than regret at the incarcera ?. rfmv luckless poor man. This satisfaction gave a zest to my buttered toast, Jsn appetising flavour to my ham and eggs. In J® , i breekfcBted more comfortably than I had done fcT«ooe monthB previously— months during which ' mj],d has been incessantly engrossed mth the one JL subject, the discevery of the Poor Man, whose S bave so long and so loudly called for redress. J^u noon before 1 had finished bit breakfast, con J ffi my toilette, and left my home, for the important SttAiew X was about to hold. In my progress X oueh the streets whibh lie between my residence Ml lie Police Office, 1 met with one acquaintance Zi another, and, as I am not the man to treat a friend JJj.lv or in considerately, time was wasted, and it was Ifw upon two o'clock when I reached the Central ^I'meeume' that you have visited this great public toti'ution. Not that I mean to infer that you have jT e E0 under police auspices, but in the way of cu riosity. 'i'ou are aw8re that there are three doors, in the centre, and one at each side. The doors on the tide lead into two Rhadamanthine halls, in which li*— crowner'e 'quest law, as Shakes^ere has it — is inroenBed, and in which justice is administered in a mn to mske one's hair stand upon end. I have been h the place, but have not been initiated i[(o the mystery of Ue penetralia, nor tacv I the secrets of the prison-house. However, at a venture, 1 entered the door on the left, lid found myself in a spacious Court room, utterly Mjpty and deserted. The first thing that struck me KM that there had been a recent orgy held there. There vm about it a peculiar fustiness, as if any nflmta of people had been engaged during the night fa drinking rum and smoking tobacco in it, and that it bid (hen been very carefully corked up hermetically, 10 that the full reeking flavour ofthe harmonious com pound might be retained. It was certainly un SesBsntly odorous, and as it vras empty there was evidently nothing to be done here ; so I satisfied mv Itif with one glance round at the Bench, the dock, Jnwiinese-box, and the lawyer's table, aU unoccupied UTe by the ghosts of corrupt magistrates, blood ied criminals, perjured witnesses, and roguish ittoraeye, who may be supposed to do a perpetual penance tbere — and left. I tow tried my fortune at the other side door. I bund mj self again in a large Coutt room, the counter ninofthe one I had quitted — thatis te say, I just rot far enough inside to be able to look round, over Ihelieads oi that portion of the public tbat makes toe courts the source of its daily amusement and sjification. It is certainly not the most select sojfon of our Sydney public that is to ie found here; but as a general rule it l greasy, and itchy, and out at elbows, and ragged, 5TOj8 with a strong odour of rank tobacco about it. [tie composed of very nearly the same persons day liter day. Now and then one drops away and is lo it, iranew face is seen, to become old and well-known before very long ; or one makes his appearance at the lock instead of the body ot the Court, and so repays 11 kind to others the pleasure he has himself received. n-ii room had all the ill odour of the other, only ten imes intensified by a pestiferous heat that flushed the tats of the onlookers and made even the dignified Jeoch uncomfortable. Tbere was eome exceedingly interesting case going to, Something about some forgery or other, and the oppressed ' Oh's,' and ' Ah's,' of the auditors— or rttt the French would call ' Sensation ' — were fre juent as some telling piece of evidence was given, or Ijne umgn question wag put. uu crura -ex tumuauon. ii! accounted for the late sitting and the croird, but could see no chance of doing anything here, for I mldnot get farther than the door, and there was no ,e from whom I could gain information ; I made e attempt once, but was instantly silenced. II vere so anxious to hear the evidence tt my question was regarded in the light a personal injury, by every individual my vicinity, not only by the person Jdrsssei but by others who were close to him, and I is imperatively told to ' Shut up' by at least halfa :®c persons ; whilst at the same moment a police rotable, who was dozing in a chair just below the tch, suddenly Btarted from his sleep and roared, Silence' with a savage look over in my direction at drew all eyes over to where I stood. Opposite to e in the court, I perceived another door through j tich persons were continually coming and going, ' id I imagined that perhaps I might reach this. I thought me of the door in the centre of the build g, through which this other entrance was evidently ached, I consequently left my ill selected position id made for the other door. I entered it, but on the iy 1 had to run the gauntlet of about twenty con iblcs, all hanging about hungrily as if they wanted distinguish themselves by a caption, and were dis using with themselves whether they ought not to ire tbe first comer on speculation. They eved me ij suspiciously as if 1 were a murderer coming to give yself up to justice, and sewned grievously disap . linted when 1 passed them. I was now in a sombre nd of twilight, which coming as I did from the ire of day, was to me a perfect darkness, through bich I wandered hopelessly until an opening door i the distance gave me a gleam of light towards mch 1 instantly made. The door was closed again store I could reach it, but nothing daunted, I applied ij hand to the knob and opened it. I only put my end intide, but instantly withdrew it, for there was a JBdeman with a heavy ruler in his hand, which he tffled on the point of shying at me, whilst another linidu&l; whom I did not see in my hurry roared out, stxtdoBr.' I Mt my way along the wall until I encoun tted another door, which I incontinently opened. . Here I interrupted a gentleman who was eating tats and washing them down with something out it a cue bottle. Evidently annoyed at being disturbed, £ cAed savagely, ' next door.' I began to fear that | thus be sent round the whole building '&r; J from one to the other like those a! : individuals who take messages for practical 'ii the first of April. I would however give *f :e trial, Bnd so guarding against surprising the ?'.?rJ inside, I knocked at the next door I came v-. laid to ' Come in,' and on going in found a 1 liin deeply buried in documents and writing ' -r his bare life. I was received so graciously ?J L gentleman that I at once unbosomed myseu ~ ? ind stated fully the errand on which I had -61' t . ,,^' Mk his head. 'I'mBorryl can't help you, i ; per. The Govemor 'b the only man that can f'' :? '--, now the man has been dealt with by the ''What!' I exclaimed in astonishment. 11 Shall « v 10 6° to Sir John Toung }' ao, no,' he said, laughing. ' I mean our ' the police magistrate.' . ,? * cried, in an unmistakable tone of aatis r™1® at finding that my labours were not to be (,n ' ^d where can I see him 1' tif a room ' at tlle otber end of the passage. Any j constables will show you. Good morning !' 1 Was once more in the darkness of the passage, but w l&et; become accustomed to it, and I \- sole to find my way out of it without accident, hm&T6; to a constable who glared at me os :im . j !fould say—' Oh, you've come at last, have .. J',?4 thought better of it.' I asked him to direct lat » j ''^utrate's room. He pointed to a door \- °Pen' ^ me to 8° int° r--0m ^ WBit loitn1^8' tte maBi8terial antereom, there were some lotl P«*°ns in attendance. They were a most tofiliL1 °i° UP'. ^ seemed to have suffered from every ith tom0*-'^011 of ?violence- Thfere were females ind of at fare and dishevelled locks, every one in a ete L$ta™ Btate of black eye, as though they fe -ti?n ?(s BOme locality u which a black ea had been raging. There were 1 uiti, 8 *ltl1 'ticks, with arms in BlingB, hM^!U'?Uifle0U8 bandages bound round Kik,' . AU had . a most woe-begone -H brooding in silence over their wrongs, * tbem to each other, as one would ^ to Ko *ould be the case, but saving them Poured out fresh and gushing into the etrs k of the issuer of wairants. I saw thise go one after the otber into an inner room, uaheted thereto by a blotchy-faced individual who officiated as gentleman uiher, snd had a.vcry close affinity in general appear ssce to tbe genus gaoler. For half an hour at the very letst I saw this process going on, but atill my turn had rot cc me round. I was getting wearied, tired of waiting, and the clock of the Police Office striking tour brought on a severe attack of fidgets. I appealed to the gaoler — I mean the gentleman usher, — and in the most insinuating manner suggested th-t be night hasten my turn. ' Can't be done, tir, at no price,' he answered. ' Every man's a man here, and if so be as it was the Prince of Wales, he takes hiB turn.' ' But my time is valuable, and my business will not take an instant.' ' Couldn't do it if you wear to lay down a puss of coverins.' ' I merely want to get a prisoner released if possi ble, by paying his fine, and in his present state of the colonial finances, every shilling is a shilling.' ' You should go to the accountant,' he replied, ' I have been everywhere — X have been sent from one to another, until I hardly know where I am, and now I tell you that I shall report this matter, and you can give a pretty good guess as to what the Hon. Geoffrey .Eager will say when he hears that a public department has actually refused to receive ten shil lings.' Th e man evidently turned pale, the redder portions of his face assuming a blueish hue, where erst flour ished that of the carnation. ' I'm afeerd you're too late,' at last, he said, ' for I heard the wan drive into the yard ten minutes ago.' ' The van — what van I' I cried in agony as a despairing idea suggested Itself. ' Why the police wan as tskes away the pri soners.' I heard no more, but instantly rushed out of the room. Along the corridor and the police-guarded passage I tore in frantic haste — in such haste, in fact, as to bewilder the thoughtful guardians of the peace, who had- not time to make up their minds what to do before I was past them. At length I stood in the open air, and there — there was the van. I caught a glimpse of a pair of Beedv black trousers, which, by the opening of the tails of a corresponding seedy coat of what is better known as the Dr. Dodd cut, I per ceived to be very much darned and patched about the pBrt most subject to wear and tear. These I knew instinctively to belong to my poor man. I saw this, and then the door was banged to and looked, the guard jumped up behind, there was a cry of ' all right,' and as I reached the centre of the yard the van drove out of the gates, accompanied by tbe ad miring gaze of a small crowd of women and children assembled to do honour to departing friends ; and I was left alone and blighted iu my hopes. Never till that moment had I been able to under, stand the bitter depth of disappointment to which that traveller waB plunged who, as narrated by Wash ington Irving, had been all day long endeavouring to get a glimpse cf the fat gentleman, of whom he had heard continued talk during the day ; and who at last, rushing to the window as tbe fat gentleman was about to depart, obtained only so much of a glimpse of his chief tormentor as was afforded by the opening of his coat tails as he entered the door of his fly. I was in a precisely analogous predicament, and was able to fully appreciate his poignant regret; but, though disappointed, my courage rose with the opposition that fate seemed to meet me with, and I determined to gain my end, or, in the language of every popular melodrama, ' to perish in the attempt.' Only one instant did I give way to vain regret ; in the next all the blood of the Peppers rushed hotly through my veins, and I determined to have my poor man, even though I had to tear him out of the' solid walls of Darlinghurst. 