1 WATER POUCH COURT.-FRIDAT. BETAKE Messrs. J, I, Kettle end G. Bittrsy. William Williams and Edward Smith, alias William Harris, aharecd with betas; conoerned in stealing a box containing £6, from tho Crooked Billet publlo- houBe, were dieobarged. ' Frederick Gilham, was oherged with being drank in Biidge-stree'. Tbe anfortnnate man wheo arraigned, was seized with illaoss ; be was taken ontslde the oonr« loto the open air, and died almost immediately after, wards. David William», seaman, ohsrged with absenting him. self, without leave, from MB vsssol, the steamship Northam, was senteneed lo forty-eight boars'Impriioa. men!. William Henry Shearman was ohsrged with drunken ness and assaulting a oonetable in the execution of bis dnty. Senior.oonstsble MoHale depoied that yes erday afternoon ho was requested to remove prisoner, who was drunk and aoting in a disorderly manner, from inside tbe Infirmary gate, Mooquaria.street. Witness took him outside, but he would not go away. Witness was obliged lo airest him, when he resisted, slruak witness on the bead with bis closed flat, and tore bis uniform trousers. Fined 90s., or three days gaol. Samuel Day, seaman, pleaded guilty of deserting the ship Hindostán, and was Bentenoed to bs imprisoned and kept to bard.labour for eigbt weeks. Solon Austin, master of the ship Novelty, WIB ohsrged with refusing to pay £13 8«., balan oe of wages due to Henry Hopman, for serviaei aa seaman performed OB board the vfs«el. D. fendant showod that aomplalnsnt had received £1, foi whioh defendant bad not received credit.. Ordered topsy£11 Os, 8d., or bs imprisoned for forly.plp.ht boure, Emilie Da Lolls ebarged with refaslng to poy Patriok Quinn, oab-driver, the eum of 19J. legal fare for four boars' bite of complainant'g oab, was ordered to pay 13»., lOe. compensation for IOBS of time, 6s. oosts of ooort, or seven drys' gao!. How I PAW ire GHOST.--I hove been laughed it ; 1 have buen, reasoned with; I have rezoned with myeeil; and still I bear the firm conviction that it was a ghost. What wa'B n ghost? Yon shall bear and judge for youredf. Yiar.n ago- long before a renegado journal poured forth its weekly vial ol wrath apon the devoted head of Mr. Seoretary Corbett-long before that quos lionable organ of Riverina indopendenoe existed and long before King Hopwood moroileBsly essailod the snaggers-I ssw my ghost, I wus tiding one night in the ditcotion of Cobran, attended by a blook boy ; it was verging upon midnight; tho moon aliono olear and bright, and the otjeota aronnd were es plainly visible oe in open slr. Were I inolined to bath lyrios I should dfBorlbe how the wind sighed through the boltB of timber, how the shrill ory of tho stoney ourlew jarred npon the tar, or how the distant bowl of the native-dog sounded ominous to tbe welfare of the Hooke ; but being of n proBsio tarn, I will merely say that I was oold and hungry, and was hurrying alcng- in order to reaoh the home- station as coon SB poBOible, I was going along at a sbsrp oartter across a plain, in tho middle of wbloh stood 0 olump of timber, near to wbiob I had to pass. AB 1 spproaoïed, a sight that met my eye oansed me to draw lein. Around ma waa a vast expanse of plain, and directly In front s dark log upon the ground and tbe above mentlontd boll of Hoes bot »eon whioh and the log strod out in hold relief the upright figure of a men, horribly distinct and olesr. At the same moment the bleak boy drew up and sold, " White fellow oorap along a tree" I looked again ; tbsre stool the figure s ill, and the pale rays of Ibe moon, whioh for some time had been partially obscured by a passing otoud illuminated tho scene, end enabled mo to discern afaoe and feature?, upon tbe Uko of wbiob I hope never to look again-a face heiring all the signs of deatb, together with tho imprint upon it cf privation, frigh*, and agony. Now-a days Morgan or Ben Hall wonld bave been uppermost in my tbongbts, bat then no snoh ideas presented them- selves, lesiajed to call, bot my volee failed me; like Bob A:rep, I felt my oonrogeo:z OJtof my fingets, my bair Btood on end '. like tao qui I h of tho ftetful porou pino." Tboro I remained g-zing, with strained eye »He, snd there remained Ibe dreadful incubas bsforn me. At last, making a desperate .resolve, I touched my boree with tho spur and rode straight al tor fijnre. My boree carried me farther than I inti oded. I mast have passed over the very spot where the thing stood; indeed I felt a oold tremor seizo me asl pas'ed tho log. Whoo I polled np and faced about lheobj?ot bad vanished ; nothing bat the log, the timber, end the black hoy in tho diBtenos met my rye. I dismounted ;" I s'arohed ; I oooejed ; I eearobed again ; all io vsin--nothlng was there. The blaoh boy, who had hitherto remained motionless, now asms np. and btfoio I could say a' word to him sxolaimed, " Devil-devil," and rode oil BB fast SB he oonld. I thought it beat to follow, and reached the home-stition in an incredibly Bhoit sp'ioe of time. All through tbat weary night the motion, less form stood before my bed ; I oonld not shat oat from my light that pallid viBige, those stoney ejes, those compressed lipo and hollow obeehB, Yon may be tare that on the morrow I sought the spot, and once mote renewed my seaton, without aval'. For a long lime I ooald not forget the sight I had witnessed ; in truth, I took n morbid plessnru in dwelling upon i', although I would h«ve fain banished all connected with it from my reoolleotloo, Weiks parsed, snd lime, tbe healer cf all wounds, hod nearly brought calm and ob- livion to me, chen an event oeaaried thal plaoed my vlBlon moro vividly thia ever before my mind's eye. I wiahed la ereot a hat apon that very plain, and chose the very olump of timber for its siter The men wont ont to commenoe work, and npon the first day had ooot elpn to move tbs identioal log. They stsrted bsck in diemar, for underneath lay the skeleton of a toll groirn man, and around it what eeemed to be shreds ol olotb, whian, crumbled to dnet at the slightest touob. An Iron tobeooo.box, a matob-box, and a closely written diiry, enveloped in oilskin, bsd esoaped the. tooth cf time. Who the unfortunate was no one knew ; never bas lt been Bulved how the wanderer mel his death. Whether be waa a viol Im to privation orto foul pity s'ill remains a. mystery. ^DeBplto, howover, of all the casos of bptioal delusion whioh have been cited to mei despite of all the learned theories of light and reflexion, stilt I cling to tho Arm bollef that I ssw a Rhos'. Some day I may mike publlo the contents of that wonderful diirr, whiob lolls a story of nippiness, of incident, of hardship, of misery, of woe. "Thoie were no days for coroners' Inquests. We boiled tbe crumbling bones where they lav. and no but ever rearad Its bead npon the spot. When chines bas lid ms psst the spot at nigbl lime a »beider pervades my frame, and though many yens have sped, I slmosl exreilad lo sss that frightful form anew. Never have I sgsin bun troubler*. Upon that eventful night I saw the first and laat of say ghost. A, T. 