TO CORRESPONDENTS Several letters are unavoidably held over. The electoral honours in the gift of the metropolitan districts have called forth a numerous and rather diversified host or candidates. The dearth of presenta tions, eligible and uneligible, exhibited in the country districts is certainly not witnessed in Melbourne and its suburbs. Here we have got candidates enough and to spare. They are, in truth, a mixed lot — good, bad, and indifferent; and how free and independent de mocracy will decide — whether for better or lor worse — it is almost impossible to predicate beforehand, "lor the many- headed" does not always show itself the wise-headed arbiter of public choice in matters polit.cal. We must only, therefore, hope for the best, though it is impossible to suppress some misgiv- inoa fiQ fn flto roonif. Taking the various constituencies in the order of the points of the compass we first come upon North Melbourne, which appears to be a sort of refugium peecatorum, where it would seem that those who are conscious of possessing not so much as the ghost of a chance in any other direction, still think they may contrive to edge in somehow within the charmed circle of Parlia mentary distinction. Messrs Burtt and Robinson present themselves to do battle for " the League" in this quarter, and rub shoulders with Messrs. Ievers, Phelan, and Donovan. It is unfortunate for the latter trio, that, profess themselves how they may, a large section of the electors will persist in regarding them not as men of independent opinion but as mere joints of Mr. O'Shanassy's tail — although the snid tail has as yet no existence. Of the two ''Leaguers," on tne otner nana, rnr. jjurtt is only known for his failures in attempting to enter the electoral arena, and Mr. Robinson, save as a clever electioneer ing agenc, is an untried man. All five, strangely enough, avow the same poli tical views ; and as far as intellect or edu- ' cation is concerned, they are pretty much on a par. Perhaps Messrs. Burtt and Robinson have the best of it, such as it _xs, in this respect. But whether they will, therefore, he the successful men, it is not easy to say. Whichever of the five are chosen, However, is not of any very groat moment ; for it is clear no great statesman will issue out of North Melbourne this election, at all events. In East Melbourne we have a wholly different class of candi dates. There, too, a quintette presented themselves in the first instance for the two vacant seats ; but one has since won golden opinions for himself as " the retiring gentleman," by with drawing altogether from the arena so new and unsuited to him. The contest thus lies now between the two late mem bers — Messrs. Cohen and Kyte— Mr. Aspinall, and that queer nondescript, Jobson. The latter is, of course, out , of the question. His coming forward — or rather his being put forward by the parties who wanted a contest solely to relieve the dull times — is generally regarded by the electors as an ex cellent joke. Mr. Jobson may be dismissed, therefore, from further consideration ; but not so the other competing candidate, who, though new to the district, is familiar enough both to the East Melbourne electors and to the interior of the Assembly. Mr. Aspinall certainly imports grave danger to the re-election of one or other of the late members. As far as education, brains, political aptitude, and thorough fitness for the post of Parliamentary representative for an important constituency go, Mr. Aspi- riALL Bbttuus mi uucuuui oiiuur ineoara. Cohen or Kyte ; and what is more, he does so, too, in the estimation of the great body of the eleotors. He will, doubtless, be returned at the head of the poll ; but which of the two late members is to be his colleague is a matter so dubious in the aspect of its probabilities that the pros and cons for either would be best represented by what is vulgarly known as a " toss up." Both Messrs. Kyte and Cohen wore useful if not briliant representatives, have strong partisans, and will make the pace strong if they do not win. At West Melbourne the retirement of Messrs. Loader and Orkney has opened the way for what may be properly designated as the heavy re spectable class of candidates — men of weight, socially and otherwise, but yet mere novices in politics, if we except Mr. MacMahon. This gentleman is, in- deed, no stranger to Parliament, but he has shown such " a great talent for silence," that whatever political capa city he may possess is unavoidably catalogued amongst "the things not generally known." Along with him come forward Messrs. Blackwood, Turnbull, and Harbison, who all put in their claims to sit for "the West- end," on the score of their being thorough Ministerialists, whatever that may mean. They all " go in" for a sort of a half-and-half reform of the tariff, and a general chorus of dftto to Mr. Grant on the land question. But it is clear they are earnest only in the professions which they think most likely to carry the olection, and which ever of them wins is a matter of little moment. At St. Kilda, Messrs. Michie and Chews are regarded as " the coming men." Messrs. Peter son, Stephen, and Lempriere aro the other candidates — all more or less favourable to what is supposed to be the Ministerial policy, but all men of indefinite, crude, ana unformed politi cal opinions. At Emerald Hill, Mr. Anderson appears to have forfeited the gcod opinion of the constituency ; UUw lllS OppOTicllbj itJLr. vltLSirlCKj IS suffering under the disadvantage of a recent defeat at South Bourke, and ho appears scarcely decided enough in his opinions for the Emeralders. Nevertheless, his chance is a good one ; and if be is elected instead of Mr. Anderson, neither " the Hill " nor the country at largo will suffer very much by the change. In East Bourke Boroughs the two apostles of Pree-trade and Protection are pitted ngainst each other, but the feelings of the constituents are so strongly in his favour that there is very little doubt of Mr. Cope achieving an vaoj v lukwtjf uici aiaiiululit alai David Moore contests the seat for Sandridge with two local men — Messrs. Ingles and Byrne. The latter comes up to the standard of progressive opinion generally recognised by the public, and is in every way superior to the gentleman familiarly known as " the Sydney chicken." But so capri cious at times are the doings at the ballot box, that the unpretending Mr. Ingles has as good a chance as either, the electors being here, as in other localities, fairly bewildered by the sameness of political opinion put for ward by all tne candidates alike. At Richmond, the Commissioner of Cus toms appears to have it all his own way, and Mr. Johnson bids fair to be the colleague of Mr. Francis in the representation of the borono-b : whilst at Collingwood, Messrs. Barker and Embling, two of the earliest represen tatives of the district, contest the elec tion with the three recent members, Messrs. Edwards, Berry, and Don. If the protectionists in this quarter mean to hare any weight in the councils of the State, they should make sure of retaining an educated gentleman as the rep-osentative of their opinions, such as Dr. Embling is, rather than an uncouth, rough, ignorant apostle of the stump like Don, who is sadly out of place in the Legislative Assembly. The free-traders are in some quarters supposed to be strong enough to put in Mr. Harker, but this is very doubtful. At all events it is to be hoped that upon the whole, the metro polis and its suburbs will send men into Parliament worthy to represent the most advanced views of reform, both on the land question and the tariff. The election for the North-Western Province takes place to-day. The candidates are Messrs F. Robertson, N. Fitzgerald, and A. Bayno. Mr Phipps Turnbull addressed a meeting of the electors of W est Melbourne, last evening, at the Royal Saxon hotel, Elizabeth street, and ob tained a unanimous vote of confidence. Mr J. B. II umffray attended a meeting of the electors of Ballaarat East on Monday night. He was tolerably well received, but the meeting came to no decision as to Mr Humffray's fitness or unfitness to represent tho constituency, owing to the disorder which prevailed. Captain MacMahon met a largo number of the electors at the Caledonian hotel last night ; Mr Sbort in the chair. A vote of confidence Vas unanimously passed. Captain MacMahon afterwards held a meeting at the Southern Cross hotel ; Mr Colvin in the chair. A similar reso lution was passed. Mr Ambrose Kyte, who is seeking re-elestion in East Melbourne, addressed a crowded meet ing of electors in St. George's-hall .laat evening. A vote of confidence In him was carried by acclamation. The whole of the returns for the Eastern Province have now been received. Mr Murphy is in by a very small majority, the numbers being — Murphy, 130; Plnnock, 127; Urqu- hart, 82. Our Qeelong correspondent states that " Mr Brooke is hard at work, and has succeeded in turning the hearts of many of his opponents, and, notwithstanding the opposition he has met with, I feel morally certain he will be one of the representatives of Geelong West, if not at the head of the poll." Mr Don addressed a large meeting of tho electors of Collingwood, last night, at the Studley Arms. The usual vote of confidence was carried with great enthusiasm. Mr Edward Cohen met the electors of East Melbourne, at the Golden Age betel, Latrobe street, lost evening. About 150 persons were present. Mr Councillor Hughes was voted to the chair. After expounding his political creed, and giving replies to a series of questions, a vote of confidence was unanimously recorded to the candidate, those present pledging them selves to use their utmost endeavours to secure his return. Mr Graham Berry's friends mastered in great force on Monday evening, at the Precmasons' iiuici, uiuuuancuv. upmua ui iyu rasiueuis of Fitzroy and East Collingweod enrolled their names as members of Mr Berry's eommitteo. Meetings of the electors of North Melbourne were held Inst night, one in the Rifle Brigade hotel, Lygon street, and another in the Queens- berry hotel, Madeline street, to hear Mr levers, one of the candidates for the Legislative Assem bly. In each case unanimous votes of con fidence were carried. A torchlight meeting will be held this even ing, on the open ground at the corner of Smith and Derby streets, Collingwood, ' at which Dr Embling will address the electors. Mr Sidders addressed a meeting of the electors of East Geelong, at tha Theatre Royal, on Monday evening, the Mayor In the chair. The candidate met with a most enthusiastic recep tion and the usual vote of confideace was unanimously carried. Messrs Robinson and Burtt addressed a large meeting of the electors of North Melbourne at the Beehive hotel, Hotham, last evening. The usual vote of confidence was carried unani mously. Mr Wemyss Jobson, one of the candidates for East Melbourne, met some 150 persons at the Excelsior hotel yesterday evening. After in dulging in personalities against his opponents, Mr. L. L. Smith, and others, he delivered an exposition of bis opinions on various political questions. Ho did not refer so frequently 03 has been his wont to his aristocratic and eminent friends in Europe, and bis address, perhaps for this reason, was received more seriously than his previous ones were, a vote of confidence in him being carried almost unanimously. During the evening, he exhibited to the audience a photo graph designed to represent " Lady Melbourne East and three of her suitors." Mr Kyte is depicted as holding In his hand a money-bag supposed to contain a sum of L4 14s, which Mr J obson says ought to have been paid to him, as the proceeds of his lecture at St. George's-hail. The other candidates referred to are Mr Cohen and Mr Jobson himself, and. underneath aro some verses eulogistic of the merits erf the two latter as compared with Mr Kyte. Last night's Government Gazette contains a despatch from Mr Cardwcll, announcing that nn exhibition will take place in Dublin in May, 1805, and inviting the co-operation of this colony. The Duke of Leinster is the chairman of the proposed exhibition, and Mr Guinness vice-chairman. The annual municipal nominations took plane yesterday in the several wards of the city. Mr E. Cohen was re-elected for Lonsdale Ward, Mr Geo. Hughes for Gipps Ward, Mr Geo. Wragge for Latrobe Ward, and Mr S. Amess was returned for Bourke Ward. In Smith Ward there are three candidates — Messrs Linacrc, Arnold, and Goldsmith. The poll will take place en Friday. At the half-yearly meeting of the share holders in the National Bank of Australasia, held yesterday, the report and balance sheet were adopted, and a vote of thanks passed to the directors and manager. The dust in Melbourne, yesterday, was far too great a nuisance to be quietly submitted to even nt tho hands of the City Council. Although n northerly wind was blowiug clouds.of pulverised bluestone into and through tiie streets of the city, the means taken to nllny the evil were on a scale of no greater magnitude than are ordinarily adopted on the first fine day after a succession of wet weather, when the roadways nre in such a condition as scarcely to need the corporation squirts. Surely, when men nre employed solely to water the street', they might receive orders, on such days ns yesterday, to do so more fre quently than once in two hours. At present, in ten or fifteen minutes after the irrigating trio have taken their departure, the dust cloud is ns I dense as ever, and except during those brief in tervals, a walk along any street of the town can only be regarded with disgust. A good deal of excitement is manifested with reference to tho Melbourne Cup, now that the time ol the race .dra .vs nearer. Yesterday a fair amount of betting took place, and the fol lowing may now be regarded as the ruling prices : — 4 to 1 against Roebuck, 5 to 1 ngainst Musidora, 8 to 1 ngainst Saturn, 10 to 1 against either Barwon, Rose ol Denmark, or Fleur-de- lis, 12 to 1 against Ciiiysolite, 15 tol against Lantern, and 20 to 1 against Gwendoline. For the Ascot Vale Stakes 3 to 1 has been taken about Druid, the same price about Raid stone, witli 5 to 1 against anything else. Inglcsidc is the favourite for the Stenlechase at 5 to 2. while 4 to 1 bos been taken about Beaufort. Mr Coker's monster sweep on the Melbourno Qgj was drawn for last night. The winning numbers will he found advertised in another column. The entries for the All Comers matches in connection with the fifth meeting of the Victo rian llific Association, may be made at tho Volunteer office to-day, Thursday, and Fri day. Respecting the crops, the Star says The crops are, with some few exceptions, looking very well, and from the Smeaton plains to Coghill's Creek the eye is gladdened by the sight of hill, valley, and level ground covered with waTing crops of emerald green, giving promise of a rich and abundant harvest. - In various places about Ascot the wheat is coming into ear. The barley has already done so, and a few wann sunny days would be of great service. Patches of oats about the Eastern hill, Buliarook, have been Injured by the aphis, but not tu any great extent. Potatoes, carrots, and mangold wurizcl are beginning to show very well, although on account of the late cold and wet weather many people began to fear that they would all rot in a lie crioiti iiun everj coQBiUcrcu to be past, and the fanners are sanguine as to the yield. The various fruit trees about Smea ton, Ascot, Tourello, and Coghill's Creek are, on the average, looking very promising, and a good yield is confidently expected. The hail storm on Friday appears to have caused a great deal of damage to the crops about Mount Hollow- back, for those of Messrs Stewart, Fisher, Haydon, M'Phillimy, and Poser are almost irreparably injured, being beaten down so flat that most of them are expected to rot in con sequence." A deputation from the Boroondora Road Board and the Richmond Borough Council, headed by the lion. W. H.Pettott, M.L.C., and Mr R. Kent, waited upon the Acting-Commis sioner of Roads yesterday, with rcferenco to the removal of Mr Cameron from the position' of manager of the common toll road and the sub stitution of Mr Toon, tbo Town Clerk of Hawthorn. Mr Sullivan, after hearing the arguments addressed to him, confirmed the ap pointment of Mr Toon, inasmuch as Mr Cameron had relinquished his official position. We are glad to learn that Court Benevolenee, Ancient Independent Order of Forester's Friendly Society have removed their place of meeting from an hotel to the Mechanics' In stitute, Prahran, and held their first meeting there on Monday evening last. The following terrible story is told by a cor respondent of the South Australian Register : — " On Saturday, the 15th inst, a young man, son of Mr Thomas Taylor, of Morphett Vale, who was residing on his father's station, on the River Murray, adjolnlg the North-West Bend, went in search of some lost sheep. He came to one of the shepherd's huts the same night, about sixteen miles from the head-station, and had sup per with him; He then said lie came on the tracks and would therefore camp out for the night, so aB to follow them up early next morning. He then left and went to camp neap to the River Murray, where there was good feed for his horse. The following day (Sunday) the shepherd was surprised at seeing his horse tied up there so late in the day, cooeyed, and on receiving no answer, went in search of deceased, whose remains he found — melancholy to nlate — tho head lying on the saddle, the eyes closed as if in sleep, the greater portion of the body being consumed by fire, nothing remaining but the head and shoulders. He immediately re ported the sad news at the home station, and word was sent to the Overland Corner police, who came directly and saw tho remains before removal, and reported the circumstance to Mr Bell, J.P., North-West Bend. No inquest was held, as, according to tho statement of his brother, deceased had been suffering for some time previously with pain iii his side, and from tho fact of his head lying undisturbed on tho saddle, as bushmen lie down to sleep, beside part of a large log of wood, which lie evidently set on fire to keep himself warm, they were of opinion that death must have occurred previous to the fire reaching the body, ns no apparent struggle bad taken place." Tho only case tried in the Supreme Court yesterday was that of Mllvain v Young. The defendant, an auctioneer at Kyneton, wav employed to sell some firming implements and stock on behalf of the plaintiif and Mr A. Lincoln. The whole of the proceeds was paid into the joint credit of Lincoln and plaintiff, but the farmer had taken all to pay debts due en the farm in which they were both interested. The question in issue was whether Young was justi fied In disposing of the plaintiff's moiety other wise than by paying it to him personally. Tiie jury gave a verdict for the amount claimed, L401 3s 2d. Respecting the murderer Alexander M'Lcan, whose execution was prematurely announced, we find the following in the New Zealander of the 7th Oct. : — "A deputation assembled in the library of the Mechanics' Institution, yesterday afternoon, to wait upon the Hon. the Attorney- General (Mr. Whitaker) with a second suppli catory petition for presentation to His Excellency the Governor of New Zealand respecting the reprieve of Alexander M'Lenn, under sentence of death for the wilful murder of his wife. The deputation then proceeded to the Attorney- General's office, accompanied by the son of the unhappy man, where the Rov. E. L. Morod, on behalf of the petitioners, presented an address, which had previously been prepared. The de putation was very, courteously received by tiie hon. gentleman, who said he had delayed sending j the former document to ttso Goveruor till this should be presented. Ho intimated that tho petitions roust now close, and that he would receive no more. He promised to do all that lay in bis power, and said that he would not fail to give tho matter bis most serious consideration. The deputation then withdrew." Persons interested in the development of the Wood's Poiut goldfields will be -glad to learn that, in the opinion of competent judges, tho Upper Y'arra track can be made use of by drays. An enterprising packer, named Gillies, started from New Chutn Gully on Friday, with a conveyance and ten hundredweight of stores. On Saturday he had crossed the Acheron, and had got over the worst pnrt of Ins journey, so that there is every proun- bilily of his reaching the township of Matloek (Emerald Hill) in safety. A case of great cruelty to a little gill named Rinstone was partially investigated at the Hawthorn pol-co cjurt yesterday. The child was brought beforo the Bench on the charge of vagrancy, she having run nway from her master, one Board, who, witli his wife, were in the habit of treating her most severely upon the most trifling pretext. The poor child had been apprenticed to them by the trustees of the Protestant Orphan Asylum, to whom the magis trates entrusted the further prosecution of the charge. Tho Ballaarat Water Commission agreed at its meeting, on Monday, to allow small steamers to ply on Lake Weudouree on certain CuutllUOU9 ur-iwii up ujf iiiu ? urns v/uiuiuii In consequence of the All Nations Company engaging King and Jack's machine for twelve months, that firm have now commenced the con struction of a second machine, to bo erected in the All Nations valley; so that the proprietors of claims now daily increasing their quantity of stone for crushing, may hope, to see before the summer is over twenty head of stampers busily at work. Mr Beiew repeated his lecture on horse- taming and horsemanship, yesterday, at the riding school of the police barracks, Richmond, under the patronage of his Excellency the Governor, who, with his private secretary, Mr Ward, attended ; there being about 30 other persons present. The professor then exhibited the effects of Ills system on a flve-year-old colt, that had never been handled, and which was brought in by Superintendent Bookey. Although the horse was so wild as to be with difficulty ap proached, lie became so docile in a very short time that he allowed the lecturer to lie between his legs. Mr Belewthen showed, on a white horse belonging to the constabulary, bis system of bitting, etc. His Excellency expressed liira- pressed himself much pleasure with tho exhibi tion of the professor's skill. The members of the St. Patrick's Society held their usual monthly meeting last evening, at the Hall of the society, Bourke street ; the president, Mr Martin Hood, in the chair. After the minutes of the previous- meeting had been read and confirmed, a recommendation from the Finance Committee was brought for ward. It set forth that the secretary's salary should bo reduced from 1,100 per year, with residence, and twenty per cent commission on the ordinary proceeds of the society, to L100 and quarters, without any extra emolument. The following members were ad mitted : — Messrs J. Denn, F. Roche, and P. O'Brien. TUo members proposed for election at the next meeting were Messrs J. Fieven, P. Murnane, and J. Kelly. Mr Barry Sullivan was proposed as an honourary life member. The question in reference to the secretary's salary was then brought forward, and elicited a con siderable amount of discussion. Air Finn said UlHi UU MiUUgUL JUIU-J WHS gUHO BUWCICHE tq- compense to Air Rowan for his services as secre tary, and if he should vacate the office the sum ought to be reduced to L50 per annum. Mr Owen Moran seconded the motion, and at tho same time he did not in any way wish to under estimate the present secretary's duties. Air Ryau then moved that the salary be L120 with quarters. Mr O'Boyle seconded the motion, - which was carried by a very large majority. The proceedings then terminated. Tho scab case in which Air Edward Hcnty, of Muntham, wan defendant, has resulted in penalties to the amount of L513 being im posed. We have later news from South Australia, but our file; contain little of Interest. A de spatch has been sent to the Colonial Office re questing that a small force of Infantry might be dispatched from Singapore to protect the new settlement in 'North Australia. A new postmaster and clerk, two surveyors, and 30 tradesmen aad labourers were to be Bent forth with to reinforce Air Finniss. The Hamilton Spectator reports, as follows, a very heartless robbery committed in that town- ship : — " A widow woman, named Dwyer, re sided with her two Infants in a tent on the hill above the Market square. -The poor woman had got, it appeared, a hoard of L17, wbicii she kept secreted in a box. On the day in question she left her place, leaving the money safely lu the box ; on her return the money was gone. She gave information to the police, but no clue to the robber was obtainable. The woman was lately in tbe receipt of assistance from the Benevolent Asylum of a weekly donation, tho committee being led to believe that she was quite desti tute." Referring to the frequency of mining acci dents the Maryborough Advertiser, in comment ing on the death of a miner named Poscoe, " admits that a paramount necessity exists for a periodical Inspection of all miacs and appliances .connected therewith, by nn efficient officer, appointed by, and responsible to, tbo Govern ment. Until this Is done we shall hear of many accidents having the same termination as the one now so painfully brought under the notice of our readers." A bazaar was opened, last evening, at the Primitive Methodist Church in Latrobe street, under the superintendence oi the ladies of tbe congregation)1 and being in continuation of that lateiy.held at the Trades'-hall for the same pur pose, the object being to raise funds towards the building of the new churcli of the body at the corner of Lygon and Queensberry streets. We understand that upwards of L3Q0 lias been already realised by the bazaar and the tea meet ing held in connection with it. We have received a file of the St Helena Guardian. It would appear that a large pro portion of the Inhabitants of that island, In cluding many of tbe disbanded St. Helena regiment, nre viewing with great favour the prospects of immigration to Australia and New Zealand. The sittings of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria for the present year will be commenced this evening in the Scots church, Collins street. The retiring moderator, the Rev S. Kelso, will preach the customary sermon; after which the Assembly will proceed to the election of a moderator for the ensuing twelve months. Mr John Roberts, the champion billiard player of tbe world, commenced a second Beries of matches lost night, at the Albion hotel. The billiard room lias been well arranged and fitted up for tiie occasion so as lo accommoda'e com fortably as large a number of spectators as reserved seats, while from every portiou of the apartment a good view of the game can be ob tained. Mr Roberts's opponent last night was Mr John Lamb, to whom he gave 400 points in 1000\. From the commencement the balls broke badly for tbe champion, and Lamb, who played well at the beginning, increased his score. When Roberts was 445 Lamb had scored 681, or 281 prints beyond the number given to him. After tbe usual adjournment for' refreshment Roberts began to exhibit some of his wonderful play, and made sevoral fine breaks. He was unable to get on Ills favourite "spot Btrokc," but he fully kept up -the excitement by tho beautiful precision wiih which lie played and the remarkable manner in which ho . brought home some of the most difficult hazards and cannons. At 799 Roberts had got up to his oppoucut, and trora ibis point lie gradually increased bis advantage, and when Lamb was 826 the champion had scored his 1C09 and won the game. When bo only wanted one lie missed a hazard off the white, but very speedily made up for the deficiency. The room was crowded in every part, and tiie spectators frequently tes tified their appreciation of the exhibition of skill ns displayed by the champion by the liberal ap plause which was from time to time bestowed. This evening Mr Roberts will ploy Air Norcliffe, giving him 500 points. In reference to the election for the Kyneton Boroughs the Observer says : — " The facts of the case are these. On Friday last there was only one nomination paper — namely, that of Mr It. JJ. Tucker, the ' late member for these boroughs — posted up at Air Young's offices in Piper street, Kyneton. Up till after midnight no oilier nomination paper was posted up at the offices of the Returning Officer, and evrn next day none appeared, though at noon Mr Young declared that Robert Braiihwnitc Tinker and rhumicl Windridgo had been nominated, and in the face of a pro est he proceeded to declare that a poll would he taken, and at the same time mnde some low and r.ffen- sivo remarks to the party who protested. Wind ridgo, It !b known, arrived in Kyneton by the lialf-pnst nine o'clock train from Melbourne oil Friday, and it is stated that parties were called out ol bed nt midnight to sign his nomination paper; that this document was legally received by the Returning Officer, or his substitute, we IaIiiIIw danv nrirt maintain Hint it tq (hit (llltr rtf the Government, in accordance with the 120th section of the Electoral Act, No. 168, to rectify the misfeasance, and gaz-ttc Air R. B.Tucker as member for the ICynttou Boroughs." The Bourke General Sessions for the month of November opcoed yesterday, before Ilis Hon our Judge Pohlmnn. There was a large attendance of the public, it being expected that i.ouis Fischel would be tried yesterday, as his name appeared in tiie calendar ; his case was, however, not called on, nnd he will be tried at the Criminal Sittings of tbe Supreme Court on tbe 15th inst. Forgery would appear to be a popular form of crime ; three prisoners were brought up on this charge, and a young man named Aloffat pleaded guilty to two charges which were very similar in character to forgery. The Court marked its opinion of the gravity of this offence by sentencing a twice-oonvicted forger (Sigi mund Austin) to four years' hard labour on the roads. The case of John and Elizabeth Little presents some peculiar features. as will be seen by referring to our report, which appears in another column. Ills Honour sen tenced a young man named Henry Austin to five years on the roads for knocking down and rob bing a draper's assistant named David Munroe, tiie latter having, previous to the robbery, visited the Albert hotel, at the corner of Stephen and Little Bourke streets. In passing sentence His Honour Baid that this class of offences must be put down by the strong arm of tho law. The sentence in this case will, it is hoped, deter other ruffians from committing such assaults snd rob beries. The rest ol tho cases on the list do not call for remark. The Court re-openB this morn ing, but the business to be disposed of is unim portant. The third concert of the season will bo given by the Orpheus Union, this evening, in St. Goorge's-hall. ' Tito programme is fully equal to any yet offered by this society, and in addition to tho glees and part-songs, Miss Hamilton, Miss Mortley, and Mr Farquharson wilt lend their aid as solo vocalists. Herr Seidc will play one of his owu compositions in a date solo, and Mr Horsley will perform one of Beethoven's sonatos, Op. 29. Mr G. R. G. Pringlo, who has been again appointed conductor, will wield the baton. His Excellency the Governor has intimated bis intention of being present. The Octoroon Beeras as popular as ever. The theatre was well attended last night, and Mr Jefferson's Salem Scuddcr warmly applauded. "The Poor Gentleman" and "The Yankee Teamster" are announced for to-night. Afr and Mrs George Case repeated last evening to a very crowded house, their favourite entertainment of " Latest Intelligence." The performance was under the patronage of His Excellency, who with Lady Darling and Mies Darling, were present, together with His Ex cellency's Aide- de-camp Captain Tyler. Tho more salient parts of the entertainment were frequently applauded. 