INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. The Aldinga baa bcougat our usual files with extended dates, from which we make the following extracts:— VICTORIA. Improved Reapmg-Machise. — Mr. Gray, Brownrigg, East Lothian, has patented an im provement on the ordinary manual-delivery reaping-machine that is calculated to prove of much practical benefit to the agriculturist" Mr Gray's improvement has for its object the laying down of the band under the sheaf when it is tilted over from the back of the "reaper," both band and sheaf falling on the ground at the same moment—the band in its proper position under neath the centre of the sheaf, mid ready for being tied up by the bandster. This important improve ment, which at once does away with all the "lifting" hands on the harvest field, is accom plished in a very simple, but at the same time ingenious manner. To the unper part of the tilting platform, which in this case most be movable, there is attached a narrow trough shaped box across the entire breadth of the platform,' and provided with a hinged lid, which partially opens at each movement of the platform. This box is for the purpose of receiving the band, which is deposited in it by a female worker, who accompanies the machine in its onward progress, and whose duty it is to see that a fresh band is replaced after the sheaf has been hud on the ground. The band, in its narrow receptacle, cannot fallout till the sheaf is tilted over; and the platform Is so. adjusted that no matter whether the grain be long or short in the straw, the band falls immediately underneath the centre of sheaf. It can easily be- seen *****•• were the crop a short one, and the outer edge of the tilting-boafd set pretty high, the band might be deposited outside of the sheaf altogether, and that the reverse might happen when the straw was long and -the platform was set low. To pro Tide against either of these contingencies, Mr, Gray has constructed his tilting platform on the telescopic principle, and thus is able to adjust its length to the height of any crop, so as to secure that the band falls in its proper place, ready to be seized by the binder. At the end of the machine, and so placed as to be of readiest access to the arms of the woman who deposits the bands in the groove, is placed a narrow wooden box, containing a sufficient supply of bands for the length of a rig —the suppjy being renewed at the end, when the horse starts for a fresh cut. Mr.. Gray has made no alteration in the cutting power of the machines, and the one which he is at present exhibiting is an old Gardner and Lindsay s that has done good service in its day. It can thus—and this is one of the great recommendations of the invention—be adapted to any of the manual-delivery machines at present in use, so that farmers, in order to avail themselves of its advantages, hare only to get the telescopic platform, with grooved trough fitted to the machines they may have on hand.—Yeoman. Tim Bead Ghost.—An evening's entertainment of a rather novel character was presented to the public last evening, by the reopening of the Princess's Theatre, under the management of Mr. G. W. Cosford. The attendance was rather scanty abthe time fixed for the commencement of the entertainment, but somewhat increased as the evening progressed. The great novelty of the evening was the first introduction of Professor Pepper's genuine ghost to a Melbourne audience. This was dene by the representation of the figure of a lady dressed in robes of white, which, although distinctly viable to its smallest details, , was evidently unsubstantial, and drawn upon i vacancy. However, two or three pieces of music I were suns by the phantom to the evident satisfac ! tion of the audience. Afterwards two or three futures were represented at a time, one elec tive representation being that of the unfortunate Howard, Earl of Surrey, gazing into a mirror in which was vividly depicted the figure of his lost Geraldine. The great defect of the whole repre sentation was the want of dramatic adjuncts, whereby the belief of the audience might be strengthened and stimulated, and the feelings have been so interested as to invest the illusion with the startling force of reality. This was not attempted last evening; the soiled "ghosts," - being merely very perfect reflections of a living figure, were looked upon but as cleverly-produced optical effects. Mr. Cosford at the commencement ■ apologized for what he knew Wfuld lie defective in the representation, and explained it as arising from the person who acted for him as theatrical agent having left him, and he in consequence being compelled to make what provisional ar rangements the time and circumstances allowed. There is no doubt that if the optical eifect produced last evening were cleverly combined witu an ap propriate drama, a very startling result might be produced. The remaining part of the entertain ment consisted in a lecture and experiments in electro-biology by Mr. Cosford, which gave rise to a great amount of fun and laughter.—Argus. Januarv 26. The Fabmeb's Fbiend.—In this very harassing season to the agriculturist, in which everything that has not been carried away by tbe floods, or destroyed by rust, seems likely to have been de voured by the caterpillars, it is interesting to get a. fact here and there, tending to show how far these ruinous pests might, perhaps, be kept under by proper attention to the development of their only possible checks, the birds, proportionately nume rous and energetic to themselves. At a farm near Keilor, many of the crops having been completely destroyed by the caterpillar, and hundreds of bushels of the finest oats being strewed by them on the ground, a crowd of the common crow was - observed to be very busy picking up either corner caterpillars, and one or two having been shot to examine the contents of thejr crops they were found to be gorged with these insects, not the slightest trace of any other food being perceptible.: When the anno bird, the sparrow, and other useful importations of our acclimatizers have properly' spread over the country to assist our indigenous insect destroyers, we may fairly hope that the sacrifice of the crops of whole districts by such pests as this may be rather less frequent amongst ■ us.—Argus, January 21. New Zealand Loan.— Among the passengers -by the Aldioga, yesterday, was the Hon. Header Wood, who proceeds by this mail to England for the purpose-of negotiating a loan of £3.000.000 for the New Zealand Government in the English money market. Mr. Holmes, C.E., the well-known railway contractor, who is how engaged in con structing the railway from Christchnrch to Lyttel tim, also returned to this colony by the Aldinga.— Herald, January 26. Blue Eyes The Ararat Advertiser makes us acquainted with a circumstance in connection with the All England Eleven not hitherto noticed. Our contemporary says.;—" All the Eleven possess bine eyes.. Even Mr. Caesar, whose. complexion ; is darker than that of inost men, has eyes of a dark, blue; and, as it is well known that all the crack rifleshots have also blue eyes, it would almost teem that this colour is indispensable in any occu pation where quickness or strength of sight is requisite.''—Argus, January 21. Pedestbxanism.—The Mount Alexander Mail reports that "last week when the All England Eleven were' passing through Castlemaine, en routeior Melbourne, a discussion took place at the Imperial Hotel (where the Eleven put up) as to the walking capabilities of' Young Day' ami other Victorian pedestrians. Tarrant declared himself: ready to walk or run certain parties ou certain terms. Mr. Grace was in the: room, and chal-; ienged Tarrant on the spot to run 100 yards for ar moderate sum. The challenge was immediately accepted, the money staked, and the men stripped.. The ground was measured and Judges chosen. The men got away in good style, running well together for the first ten yards. Then Mr. Grace took the lead at a rattling pace, pressed hard by Tarrant; Grace, however, increased his speed in fine pedestrian style, winning by about five yards. The race was one of the swiftest we haveseenfbr 'Jonmal of fee Sicilian Acclimatization Society," after allndmg to the preservatioirof toads in Sicily, owing to a popular superstition that whosoever destroys one exposes himself to a run of ill-luck for seven years, goes on to -quote from the "Annals of Agriculture for 1862," published at Milan, a paragraph which, states that a great demand has sprang-up in Paris for toads, which are bought at 2if. a'dozen, and exported to England,-where their value is begin ning to be recognised by farmers and gardeners as destroyers of insects which prey upon corn,' fruit, and vegetables.—Argot. A Virtuous Community.—As contrasted with the present desire of Western Australia to accept support from the fonl profits -of imperial expen diture on it as a penal settlement, the. following extracts from a work published in 1839," -by Nathaniel Ogle, F.G.S., and entitled " The Ctnony of Western Australia: A Manual for Zmimattte to that Settlement, or its Dependencies;" are interesting. P. 43:—"Western Australia is hap pily without the taint of a penal colony. 2Jo con vict has ever been landed there; and the great distance from the-penal settlements renders it improbable that even any who have escaped'into' the bush could'reach the confines of-the-district.*'' P. 161:—'"The reader has seen in the preceding report, of the Agricultural Society: that' an attempt was made by a few inconsiderate "indi viduals to introduce convict labour' into the colony, bat which has been 'scouted as a lneach of .agreement The desire iff eariier rain only 'could 'have prompted the proposal. their wives to bold intercourse, in their domestic arrangements, with the lowest prostitutes and abandoned thieves, swept .from the rinks of iniquity ; of a great metropolis and the mer canthe ports—to see their daughters and little sons in conthct with such persons, from whom early impressions must " have been received, -and to have held intercourse with them and felons—to waiting a few years until the progressive-advance ment of the colony realized their expectations. It is to be hoped, that Western Australia will never again be disgraced by .proposals which are branded with the marks of either infamy or ignorance. Every man of honour, and every woman that desires that her children'should pass a -life leading .to a happy immortality, should 'firmly resist; even resent; so vile -an attempt to pollute their new and beautiful country. Can a lit le more gain, a road more qniddymade, of a -few pounds of gold, compensate for fee intrusion, the example; the pollution" of fee Tefnse of gaols arid convict hulks! ' Those who think w-cauMd soaety smted to their tastes in Eastern Australia or Pan Die men's land." Amongst reasons foremigrating (p. 231):—"It is not; and sever will be, a peo» settlement. The distance from a penal settlement rendeiB it inaccessible to -convicts- who have AGBicuLTUaAL Ebpoet.—The stocks of fionr on hand running very short, and onr South Australian us freriy, as was , . risen considerably within the last few days. The demand at Sydney and Jfew Zealand hasdi verted shipments from this colony, and instead of having flour and wheat pouring in from Adelaide, as usually happens feis month, weare almost thrown on our own resources, and feese are barely suffi cient to meet the absolute requirements of the country until fee new . wheat comes in. Much grain has been cat in the early districta butthe wheat is not fit to be ground immediately by itself, owing to thewetaess of the season; and wamay presume that there is scarcely one of theinilleis up the country who has any of last yearis grain to mix wife it."' Thus it will be a month or - six weeks later than usual before 'fee hew floor comes into use; and it hassridom bap^ pened feat , fee stocks on-hand. were allowed to run so short. Nothing but the expectation of large supplies from Adelaide before this prevented a rise in price some weeks since; but these, it now appears, we are not to have, .New South Wales . ana New Zealand bring in greater need than our selves. In the former colony the price has been rising ever since fee commencement ' of fee harvest; and as South Australia will be scarcely able to meet fee demand upon her; prices in all these colonies will be more likely to rise than to fall for some time to come. .Oats remain nominally as they were, but purchasers are hanging bark until fee new grain comes in more freely when they look for a redaction, which may however, take , place, as fee maize crop in symptoms of rust, and there is a fear that much of it will be lost, as the wheat was. The quantity of inferior hay sent in is^still too great, and it is hard to get an offer ot any sort for the worst loads. For the best hay fall prices are readily obtained, as it is very scarce, and likely to continue bo, the damage to fee liay crop never perhaps having been so general before since ."forming first commenced around Melbotune. —Argv&, January 20. 