m ?V J- : ' ? . - TUESDAY, ggJP fltABCH, 186*._ THE PROSPECTS OF LAND LEGIS T-ATTON. SOON after the Easter holidays we may ex pect to have once more a political crisis, and once more a Land Bill will be the cause. The fecrantry, after all, will have to say .its say . opon, the work that so many ministries have attempted in vain and the cry for the general election will be. once again liberal land laws... We sincerely trust that the gentlemen who1 i Ao themselves the honor to represent -or àrât represent the electors of the Ballarat X)iUrict may be able folly to justify* the?;'jüfew m-i the third reading of the Land Act Amend ment Bill, but we must confess to having a considerable degree of cariosity to.leam^itow they mean to proceed about it#Itis_'<>öiy charitable to suppose that they tad a mean ing and acted from some deep-seated sense of duty to their constituents, bat it must be. admitted that seldom «raf a meaningie .art fully concealed, and rarely was a stem sense of dateless apparent. The division on the third leadmg/"*?" »Ttself'a ctmósity,"'.iut it" becomes rnoremysiic'wben we remember that many of the gentlemen who own the" names that appear in the List have to justify .opposite courses of action before the same electors. We know« that public meetings will believe many and¿ strange' things. We know ¿hat : tiley do not always cry down the pian who; blows hot and cold, but in most cases are quite content so that he does blow with right good will. Still, though we can understand; a constituency that has no very strong objec tion to a neutral tint, we must feel great" curiosity to see how black and white will be received when they stand side by side upon the' same, platform, and upon the' same momentous occasion of a general élection. He who said "aye" and he who said "no " cannot mean, we should imagine, pre cisely the same, for if one deserves praise the other must be open.* to" blame, ' and no doubt any public meeting would say as much if it got the truth thus nakedly put before it. -But the decency of public meetings seldom ad mits of the naked truth making an appearance, and it is therefore usually clothed in many layers of metaphors and sophistries, and" seems other than it is. If not, how can Mr Gillies and Mr Lewis hope to be poli tically saved t How can the former* jwho, stirred with the recollection of by-gone days when hope was not known to telLso flattering a tale, denounced the Land Bill, hope to win applause, if Mr1 Lewie, who voted fcHendy/fpr the measure, is well received f How can-Mr Frazer, who not only said but roared -¿o," face the electors of Greswick, unless :Mr M'Donald, who said "aye," be .driven-into the fearful outer- darkness of privateCfal 'Can Mr Cathie, who amiably supported" the ¿Sw Ministry, 6tand side by side with ^Mr Humffray, who had his reasons for voting against it. Then we have Mr A. A. O'Connor, who will have to tell the electors of Grenville why he Baid "no,*' and Mr M. M. Pope, who will have to explain why he was not present to utter either monosyllable. But the won ders of the Jist are almost inexhaustible, not the least, apart from" the strange medley of members, being the sudden resuscitation of the attenuated ghosts of a party that once reigned in the Eastern Market and in ill other places where men most did congregate: to hear strong language untrammelled by strong sense. All these political marvels we may fairly leave to time to explain, knowing that many members who now "strut and fret" in the legislative chamber will proba bly no more return to the scenes that have made them conspicuous but not famous. Oui object is only to show the discordance that exists, and to prepare the public for many curious statements that will be made, if the Bill does not pass the Legislative Council and an appeal to the country becomes neces sary before land legislation advances another stage. Chaos seems fairly to have come again, and we can only hope that order may come out of chaos. It is necessary that we should fairly ask ourselves whether we can hope to get any thing better than the Ministry has offered to us. We have not only to consider what we may wish, but what we can obtain. It is quite certain that a change of Ministry will not improve our position, but, on the contrary, render it still worse than it is at the present time. The minority which voted against the third reading of the Land Act Amendment Bill contains the names of men of the most opposite views, and when any of them did give reasons for their votes the clashing of opinions was almost comical. One portion voted against the measure because it was in reality a return to auction, another opposed it because nothing but a return to auction would succeed. Some thought it too libéral, others not liberal enough. Several said thal there was a strong leaning towards the squat ters, whilst the squatters refuse to have any thing but the auction system. Had this minority been made a majority by the additioi of two or three votes, for what could thc country hope? There was not even an at' tempt at cohesion. They had agreed to diffei with each other and the Ministry. Many o: them had no settled course of action until th« last moment and made discoveries of treachery and unfairness with astonishing acuteness ai the eleventh hour.' To hope anything o these would be absurd indeed, for they havi not even the semblance of faith in themselves There can be no doubt that some of then fairly enough hit weak spots in the bill, ant that something of what was said in oppositioi is deserving of attention, but no one "who ha read the debates can have failed to see tba there was much more of cavalling than of ai earnest desire to amend defects. For our ow: part, we have always wondered why th grazing farm clauses were embodied int the Bill at all, and the more so as those wh were once most clamorous for them neve I stirred a finger in their support. The onl one of the late Ministry who was logical we Mr Dany, and he, for once, told the plai truth and pointed ont the choice of difficul ties that had to be made. His past eiperienc told him that unless unusual power was give to the Executive there was no escape from rt newed scenes of evasion, and he declare that he believed that such power should 1 given. Whether it is wise to make the Stat a temporary landlord is a much wider que¡ tion than this Land Bill, but it seems no clearly shown that there is no firm groun between that and the auction system. Thei are members who will have neither the 01 nor the other, and some who will have nothin at all ; and they of course swelled the incoi gruous minority against the Bill. With tl electors it remains to decide. They kno what the auction system is, and they w have to say whether they will risk givii large powers to the Ministry of the day 1 whether they will return to a system th was denounced on all hands so long as existed. We say that the electors will have to d cide, because we do not believe that the pr sent Bill will be passed by the Legislati Council. We cannot hide the very unpleasa fact that the probability is that all the loi debates and weary marchings up hill and dov again in the Legislative Assembly have n done much to alter the very concise opini expressed by a majority of the Legislati Council last year. We see nothing in t Bill that should specially commend it those who hold' the power of deciding, ai there -appears to be no reason why they, positive a short time' ago, should be less po ti ve now. - Considering the disorder of oj nions in the Legislative Assembly, and t , prospects of-a rejection of the Bill ignomii onsly by the Legislative Council, it behov the electors te «onsider whether any obvio duty lies with them to perform. To trai the weary round in future ' as \ have in.. .past ^ years,_ .wiDh he., te. i tard our' progress' and mark ourself oat; to the wor]d«s' incapable of solving t ,pvobUms of our own situation.. [ If .ever éàrong political organisation was reaogpd is DOW, forimlees the means are foami bring a^outTiiitèd "action on tibia craestie ia^^^J^ë^^^j¥^fi wi thepeoj are in earnest, we Bee no escape titíon, of the useless debates which Imve al ready çccnjried so mach time that might bara, beea a^ ip fetter pjrgffggj ^P^fg 