SEIZURE OF TIIE CHESAPEAKE AND '« JtESCUIv OF THE PJUSONEHS. The special correspondent of tho New York Times under tho date of tho 19th September, says: — ' The steamer Chesapeake having been captnrcd in British waters, will be given up to the colonial autho rities. Secretaries Seivard and Welles have so tele graphed to Halifax. It is not believed, however, that the pirates will be allowed to put to sea again. From Halifax, on tho same date, the correspon dent of the Evening Star telegraphs as. follows : — '? This afternoon the steamer Chesapeake and the prisoners on board wero delivered over to the Go vernment. Upon tho arrival of the boat containing the prisoners at Queen's Wharf, the excitement be came intense. The prisoners were immediately seized by a boat's crew in the ship and hurried off by tho crowd in attendance, imd the Government officers going to arrest the prisoners under warrant were seized and held by promineiH citizens and ren dered powerless to perform their duties. The crowd finally succeeded in getting the pirates off in a small boat, which forthwith moved down tho bay. Tho affair has caused the greatest excitement throughout the city. What course tho authorities will pursue in the matter it is impossible to say. The pirates pro now all at liberty and scattered throughout the pro vinces.' A man in Pomerania held tho right to irrigate his land on tho festival day of each of the Apostles, and camo to the conclusion that there wero thirteen ia stead of twelve, St. Barnabas being tho additional one. The Pomeranian Gazette has been ' warned'^ in connection with tho affair thus:— 'The jesting manner in which, under the titlo of ' Twelve or Thirteon Apostles,' you have spoken of a suit now pending between tho owner of a meadow at Rhcm muhlheim and a neighboring miller, leave no doubt as to your intention of turning into ridicule the dnctrino of tho Christian Church, relating to tho Holy Ghost. I, therefore,' &e.; Scotch Prudence. — About sixty or seventy years ago, when the manufacturing trade was in its in fancy, several poor Scotchmen sottled in Manchester, who ultimately became millionaires, and whose descendants are still connected with the city. We wore Bpeaking a short time with a very old woman, who knew one of tho30 men in his early struggles. His landlady thought ho paid too littlo for his room, nnd was determined to raise his ront from Is 6d to Is 8d a-week. This the Scotchman stoutly re sisted, and was resolved to pack up his baggage and begone, rather than pay a fraction more than Is 6d. After gaining this point, ho concluded the dispute with this axiom, which ought to bo. remembered by our young men : ' It isn't that I mind so inucMe for tho odd tuppen=o ; but, ye ken.Betty, it's break into a fresh piece o' siller. — leaser's Magazine.' Alkali Works.— On the 1st proximo an act passed in the late session for the more effectual con densation of muriatic acid gas in alkali works will take effect. The term 'alkali' is to mean evory work for the manufacture of alkali, sulphate of soda, or sulphate of pot-ash in which muriatic gas iB evolved. The object of tho statute is to sacuro con densation of tho gas to tho satisfaction of the in prector or sub-inspector appointed under tho act. If it should appear to the court boforo whom any pro ceeding for tho recovery of a penalty is instituted, that 95 per cent at least of tho muriatic acid gas ovolved has not been condensed, a penalty, not ex ceeding £50, will be levied, and for a second offenco £100. The owner is to bo liable for tho offence in the first instance, unless he prove that the offence was committed by some agent without his know ledge, in whicli case the agent, &c;, is to be liable. The Board of Trade is to appoint inspectors, and alkali works aro to bo registered. Extraordinary Confession at Hull. — Three youths have been apprehended at Hull on a charge of breaking open the offices of tho Electric and International Telegraph Company, in Lowgate, Hull. A fourth, concerned in this robbery, iB yet at large. Ono of the three in custody, when taken to prison by Detective Jones, stated, in the presence of his mother and tlie officer, that he and the other boys broke into the premises of Messrs Young and Pool, ironmongers, Waltham street, Hull, a fow evenings ago. Ho hold the light while tho rest of tho boys were engaged in trying to break open the iron safe. Armed with oyster knives and a crowbar, they sot to work, but finding that they could make no pro gress with tho implements they seized a file, with which they ground away at the safe for more than au hour. The file proved as harmless aH the oyster knives and crowbar, and they thereforo abandoned the safe, which contained about £100, and com menced to examine the premises for the pur pose of carrying anything off which Uiey might IJB lOrlUUmU CllUUyil i-u mum ii**»*» — « *~— vnfvuH*^. they found some bottles of wine, with which they rofrcshed themselves, and they then went into tho shop, from which they took a number of large knives, spoons and forks, and other articles, and with this booty they decamped. Afterwards they went into a jeweller's shop and asked if tho spoons were silver, and they were informed that they were merely electroplate. After having been in this shop they formed a plan of robbing it, ono of them being deputed to make observations as to tho be3t mode of carrying out this design. As tho stolen spoons wero of little value, thoy determined to bury them, and a hole was accordingly dug in tho yard of tho North Eastern Railway Company, Paragon street ; but, as ono of the prisoners resided near tho place, and did not feel comfortable about their remain ing there, they were afterwards taken up and re buried on tho Humbor bank. Before an opportu nity offered of robbing the jeweller's shop, the lads determined to rob the offices of the eloctric telegraph company, where one of them had bean employed. They arranged that when tho rob bery had been committed they should engage a dogcart, and drive to some out-of-the-way plaoe in the country, whore thoy might hide until the affair had been forgotten. The robbery was committed, nnd about £10 earned off. It was agreed to leave the town on Sunday, the 29th ult., and a dog-cart was engaged. It was decided that they should set off at an early hour, and two of tho lads missed their trip by lying in bed too long. Tho two left behind agreed to take a cab, and, before starting, they conspired to take possession of tho cab be twoen Beverleyand Driftteld. They were to mount the box under some pretext, cut the cabman's throat, and soil tho cab and horse when they ar rived at Drifflold, It appears that the youths who took the dog-cart broke it before they reached Drif field, nnd left it in a field. On Monday morn ing they took the horse out of tho stable at the inn where they had put up, and went to a horse-dealer, to whom they offered to sell tho animal for £5. The dealer's suspicions weroat once aroused, and he handed them over to the police who conveyed them to Hull. The youths who had engaged the cab, and had conspired to murder tho cabman, hired a vehicle, but just at the moment of starting one of them became afraid, and he told tho cabman what he and his companion had determined to do. The lad who was to have perpetrated the deed then jumped out and took to his heels, but he was soon afterwards captured. The' names -of the boys in custody are J. M. Wrigglesworth, Richard Low, and J. J. Reynolds. They have been re manded. The prisoners are said to have been led to this extraordinary course of crime by reading the ' Lifo of Dick Turpin,' and similar woiks. — European Times, Docember 11. 