MISCELLANEOUS. Toe RrIooNsos 's OsAT.-A handkerchief is then tied over his eyes, as an emblem of the blind obedience which he must render to the system he is about to engage in, and, laying his crossed haods upon a prayer-book or Bible, or a book which, at all events, be believes to be such, he repeats after the delegate the following oath, in a loud voice, the rest if the members present joing their hands in a circle - round him:-" In the name of the Father, Son, arm Holy Ghost. Amen. I, A. B., do swear in the presense of these my brotherly members, and on the contents of this holy book, the cross of Christ, and the blessed Virgin Mary, and by our holy father the Pope, th$t I will, by every means in my power, aid and assist the French, or any other Catholio power that is endeavouring to free us from the bonds of tyranieal slavery, and the oppression of unjuastlaws. That I will be ready ata moment's warolog, sickness or death alone preventing me, to take up the cause of an oppressed brother, knowing or believing him to be such; and that I will obey, without murmuring, all orders received from a country delegate, parish, or body master; and that I will silently abide by any decision of jurymen of my parish, either in a dispute with a brother, or if it be necessary, in the destruction of life or property, or other punishment of transgr~ssors against honour, law, and justice, That I will allow neither father, mother, sister, or brother to come between me and the carrying out of our glorious ribbon system, into final and immediate exection. That! will spare neither person nor property of the bloody hereties, but more especially those who feed upon the teith part of our labour. I further swear that I will never appear belore judge sor jury to prosecute a brother, knowing him to be such; and that neither torture, death, or execution shall ever make me divulge the slightest atoms of the plans and secrets intrusted to me, to oany magistrate, or other person, not within the pale ofthis our glorious institution, though I were to be hung in chains and dried in the sun; and that I will never write or inscribe upon any paper or parchment, or other substanoe or thing, any word, letter, sign, or token, by which the secretos of our society could transpire or become knowo; that I will never admit, with knowledge, any person into tbisgranddlesignexeept a Catholio, or some worthy Protestant who is well known to stick eo ue, and who regulahy msbseribes to the committee. I further swear, that I will my. self subsearibe tenpence per quarter; if mot more, according to my cironmstanoes, to this' committee or others, towards the support of the objects of this our immortal institution. I further swear, that I will keep a close eye upon all hypocritical Catholic magistrates, and report to my contijy delegate, parish, or body-master, their condust at Petty Sessions and elsewhere, as may come within my knowledge. And I take this oath, in all its parts, without any mental reservation whatever, and with a full and unwavering determination to keep the same. So help me God." The handkerohief is then removed from his eyes, and the "new member" is welcomed: and shaken by the band, by each of his brethren in sneeession.-Dublin Unieersity Ifagasine, Tee Oorsxsrs.--Ia a recent bankropteycasseeit transpired that one of the daesses for which the petitioner, a lady, was indebted to one of her creditora, had in it flty-two yards f silk. Strin gent measures must be adopted to prevent our fair ones fromm going such lengths-or tospelak mile-dly, such dietanees-lin dress. When the wife's dress covere an smount ofspace which we'rood.ly estimate as deserving a red for its purchase, we may be pretty asure that the busband's waistcoat will sooner or later cover an acre in the regiondof his heart: TanE :WonxDs ow QUACer ManIoCm a-" Which ites wonderful, sir." exelaimed Mr.O., one morning, "bhiit?iem pills and hointment has deone for the bene8ick of homing natur., I'm asre there was my Salrey Jane's first cousin, which he werenot exactly a journirseyesmn bricklayer, sir, but more what you terminate a jobting bricklayer, isjobs about off and on at pierework; he fell off from a ecaflie in the Boreo' Road, sid lay very dangerousne at S. Thomsas' Orspittle, and nothink in the wiorld would have prevented a cametaobs?eurs frats asetiln' in (as he told me with his.own lips; and said he would make hlis saffydavey of it any day in the week, 'cepting of the Sabbath, which he were religious, although a bricklayer), but that there blessed ointment-or he might have gone about on wooden legs to hie dying day. And as for the pills, sir, there's a aunt of mine down in Lincoln'sinnshire, who bad'nt so much as a bounce of liver left, and used to go off in fits in a harmchair, and fancy that Nasa Sabib was stickling the soles of her feet to indoose her to marry him, which bigamy it would have been air in the eyes ofjustice, being her 'usband's loreful wife. let alone the dlsgrace of going to church with such a wagabone: and after a box of them pills which as the advertisement saye is for serofoly pains in the back, dislike to socelety, chilblains and inwoluntery blushing is a certain remedy: she righted Pherself quite conwalescent as you may say sir and sent a testimonium to the professor than I see a printed with my own eyes in the Weekly Register, which its a most respectable joornal Sir, and took in by most of the nobility and gentry on account of its moral tone~. And what I say is sir, and I'm sure if I intrude on yonr time-which precious it is I know to most littsry gents-I beg you to excuse and hot to mention of it-what I say is that its a sin and a shame to make knights and barro.knights of indy widdles now.a.days for what yon may csbl nothink, and kip Professor Goulloway out of the peeroge, which in the peerage he ought to be for all the good he's done in the meddicle line, or my name is snot Betsy Croker."-Aj?sd- Rc s to Lt, in ;'" London SOciety Maogsise. TaE Expanss Euovaer.-On the 28th ol March, 1858, Irving wrote as follows to Mrs. Storrow, who was then in Paris:-" A letter received from you while I *tas at Washbington gave an account of thle marriage procession of Louis Nipoleon and his bride to the Church of Notre Dame, which you csaw from a window near the Hotelde Ville. One of your recent letters, I am told, speaks of your having been presented to the Empr?es. I shall see it when I go to town. Louis Napeon and Eugenie Montijo Emperor and Empress o Fnce I--one of whom I have had a guest at my eottageon the Hudson; the other whom, when a child, I have had on my knees when at Granada It seems to cap the climax of the strange dramas of which Paris has been the itheatre during my lifetime. I have repeatedly thought that each greend coup de tiaetre would be the last that would sconr in my time; but each has been snoceeded by another equally striking; and what will be the next who can conjecture? The last I eaw of Eugenie Mostijo she was one of the reigning bealleaf lMdrid: and she and her giddy circle had swept away my charming young friend, the beautiful and acumpliuhed - - , into their career of fashionsble dissipation. Now Eu genie is upon a throne, and - avoluntary reuclose in a convent of one of the most rigorous orders. Poor --! Perhaps, however, her fate may ultimately be the happiest of the tn. Am I to live to see the catastrophe of her career, and the end of this suddenly conjured up empirse, which seems to be of 'such stff as dreams are made off' I confess my personal acquaintance with the imdi viduals who figure in this historical romance giit me unCommon interest in it; but I consider it stamped with anger and instability, and as liable to extravagant vicissitudes as one of Domas's novels. You do right to witness the grand features of this passing pageant. You are probably reading one of the most peculiar and eventful pagesof history, and may live to look bhckjupon it as a romantic tale." -ife and Ltet Lers of Wasriiegton Irving. A courteous rector, in a well-known Northern county, was in the balit of not commencing divine service till he had satisfied himself the squire was duly ensoonced in the family pew; but huppeuineg one Sunday to omit ascertalining the fact, he com aenced, "When the wicked man-." but was instantly stopped by his faithful clerk, who ex. claimed," Stop, sir, he aint come in !" Irswica: Printed and Published by the Proerietors, HUnoG Pa?ResoN, J. BoweriN Seoisa, and FvntU KIDrTu, at the uerenland Tiers Oficer, Ellenborougn-streei. 