sV HIT -SUN DAY AT ;i O KiKlELOS.— SEB~ V MON BY CARDINAL WISEMAN. (From the Weekly Register.) On last Sunday, in the Pro-Oa bedral afc \looifialds, a very larpe congregation attended: at High itfass, as, in addition to the ciicutr stance that tbe day wag a solemn festival, it had beers innouuced that his Eminence the Cardinal Aren bishop vould preach. At the commencement of . the service the church was nlled in every portion . ind we observed many who had come from djs* tant parts of the metropolis. Mass was celebrated by tb.9 Rev. Thomas^ 0'ibitt as high priest, the Rav. Leo. Pycke. being the deacon, and the Rev. Jaines Hussey being sub-deacon The Cardinal Archbishop occupied'1 the pontifical throne, and near bis Eminence were the Very Rev. Monsignore Searle and other clergymen. The vestments used were those reserved for festival occasions, and were very. \ magnificent The Mass ..was that of Beethovea. in C, with full instrumental accompaniment, The additional pieces were the Veni, Sancie Sjoiritus — ' The marvellous Works,' and the -March of the Priests,' from Athaliei. The music was executed in- 'first- rate style. His Eminence . Cardinal Wiseman, im»;; mediately after the Gospel, approached to the front of tbe sanctuary, and preached the sermon from the text: ' They were filled with the Holy Ghost.' He commenced by observing that th&j; feast of Pentecost was a most glorious festival* second only to the festival of tbe Resurrection^ and wa-? in strict sequence of the feast of Easter, ' Many of the events io which the Church festivals . referred commenced with circumstances wbicli tended to inspire terror, awe, and fear, showing - that the fear of the Lord was the beginning oi ' wisdom ; and yet the concluding portions of many of these events illustrated God's gentle-/ ness and affection, passing from the angry, tempest to the soft whisper of the breeze. Thus at the descent of the Holy Ghost there came a, -.-. sound of rushing wind, and then there appeared tongues of lambent fire bright and glowing, bat softening in their , influences, indicating the mode of the manifestation of God's will to maa-» \ kind. These tongues were to point out thaft speech was given to the Church. Before that day the Apostles had not spoken cut with effect But now? inspired as ministers of God, they were truly eloquent. For it was plainly intimatp.d by this appearance of tongues that , IDMUUIIIg Was LU DO LHUI, UUU LUSt IU11IJ WOUIQ rtssult from nations htaring the Word of God de«» livered to them by His Apostles. Hit Eminence then reviewed the effect produced by the great councils of the Church and by the dogmatic definition of the Immaculale conception. The.' Church tcok her place as a teacher on the day of Pentecost, and from that solemn moment bad asserted boldly throughout all ages her high privilege of being tho only messenger of GodV word to man. ; '?? Immediaiely after the sermon the Pontifical blessing. was given, and the Miss was proceeded with, at tbe close of which his Eminence and - the clergy returned in procession to the sacristy; The Sacrament of Confirmation was ad minis- :. tered in the same church on Sunday afternoon^-, by the Rigbt Rov. Dr. Morris, Bishop of Troy. ' ? A Hint for the Ecclesiastical Commis--; \ sioners — 'It,' said Napoleon, ' I were at the head of . affairs in England, I should devise som» means of paying off, or reducing, the National Debt. I mould appropriate to that purpose the whole of the church livings, except one 'tenth (always except* ing those with moderate incjmes), in such a manner that the salary of (he highest among the clergy , should not exceed £800 or £1,000 a-year. What business have those priests with such enormous-. -? incomes? They should lollow the directions of Jesus Christ, who ordered that as pastors of the people they should set an example of moderation/ - . humanity, virtue, and poverty, instead of wallowing-, in riches, luxury, and sloth. I would appropriate to a similar purpose an sinecures, except those enjoyed by men who had rendered eminent services ? to the state, and, indeed, even those might be^ rewarded by giving them some office in which they would be obliged to do something.' — Napoleon at St. Helena, . Disturbances. — From several quarters of the globe we learn the breaking forth of insurrec tionary disturbances more or Ies serious in their effects. In Algiers an insurrection has arisen,., which at first was not thought of any import ance ; but later advices give the movement a. more threatening aspect. French troops are aceordiagly being forwarded iii all haste from Toulon to Oran and Algires. A wandering reli gions fanatic i3 supposed to be tbe prime leadar in the revolt. At Tunis, also, an outbreak, the. cause of which we as yet know nothing, has oc curred. This was deemed ol' sufficient magni tude to warrant the despatch of French, English, and Italian ships of war for the protection: oft tbeir respective subjects. The Danubian Prin cipalities are iu a state of fermentation, and in one localityan armed insurrection has burst forth, ? induced by the intrigues of Hungarian and' Italian revolutionists. According to Rome ae* counts Russia meditates despatching a corps of occupation into the Principalities— an act which might bring on misunderstandings aud compli cations with the Turkish government very similar to those wbicli took place before the Crimean war. The gallant struggle which the Caucasians have waved for so many years against the Russians may be regarded an having1 terminated. Some weeks ago a strong ttody of Russian troops forced their way into the heart of. tne country and a desparate battle took places . The Russians lost fifteen hundred men killed and ..* wounded, while the Circassian loss was over two' thousand. Most of trie foreign officers who led the latter contrived to escape. Tbe remainder' of the army have asksd liberty from the Turkish government to settle in some parts of its domi' nions. The request was granted at once, and ateamers have been despatched fr^m several Turkish parts to carry tha fugitives, to tbe place* they have fixed for their future residence.— t.t Nation 