OUR RELATIONS WITH CHINA. (From the Hongkong Evening Mail, July 15. J We are sure that the expression of correct views with regard to China will always be acceptable to our readers. It is perhaps better to present, is a crude state, any ideas that may arise, than to delay until the same are matured. The fact is, that the exigencies of daily journalism require pretty much that opinions should be expressed as they arise, not as they happen. I to be matured ; which latter is an event that it is most , inconvenient to wait upon. The question that is most , likely to be soonest brought forcibly before the notice I of people in England is simply that is the nature of the Government of China r The Chinese Empire comprises a third of the human race, and it cannot well be denied that in mere multi I plicity of subjects a certain amount of strength must consist. Then it happens that, in China, which is one of the most industrious, hardworking, and the best producing countries in the world, the feelings and opinions of the people influence the Government to a very serious extent. The chief force in China is fear. We see this to begin with, in their religious ceremonies, in the paraphernalia of their temples, annual Shows, and theatrical exhibitions. In the first, we have the always frowning deity in wood in the next, the doom that awaits evil-doers is variously set forth in very distinct and probably too horrible imagery ; while on the stage the blood.and-thunder element decidedly pre- dominates. Again, the chief source of religious re- straint apparent in the Chinese mind is to be discoVered in the fierce figures which they periodically carry about the streets and delight to honour ; their devours are nearly all paid to some avenging deity whose wrath they desire to deprecate, rather than to Kua Yum (or Lvvan Jin, as the goddess of mercy is called in the Mandarin dialect). We do not say this is the key to the Chinese character, but it is certainly of some use in deciphering the external forces which influence the national mind. It is to fear, not to respect or love, that they pay their homage ; they yield to physical pressure, or mental terror, not to what is called by many people " the gentler influences." By the latter may be implied that theoretic code of honour and honesty which was first stamped upon European 1 society in the time of chivalry and the crusade. Further, as we cannot leave the argument incomplete, I we may allude to the benign influences of the Christian religion when properly understood. Terror and 1 kindness have been variously used as the incentive I powers to proper conduct in the world, according to our code ; according to that of the Chinese, terror has been viewed as the leading motive power. This, all though a sort of divergence, leads us the more readily to a proper view of the moment at work in Chinese affairs. For example, to partially illustrate our 1 meaning, we may refer to the great weight which was I given Viv Vic Passing, it. _!,«*---.?-" _4Tt.ii as the Taepings to whatever was externally terrible. Their tactics were to send on the worst of their crew as avant couriers, and the duty of the latter was to take secret means of placarding the walls of the doomed cities with fearful warning notifications ; then to forward a pillaging detachment for purposes of plunder and conflagration and lastly, to appear in proper force, and either receive the surrender of the menaced city or lay siege to it in due form. They doubtless acted upon the instincts of Chinamen is thus employing terror us the most effective means of subjugation! Let us now briefly connect these remarks with the condition of the present Government. The Cabinet at Peking is less despotic than tyrannised over in other words, it is a complete mistake to suppose that the Government of China is in any serious degree despotic. No doubt the Emperor can order the removal of a man's head for purposes of the State, but every such act on his part is accounted for in writing so elaborately as to render it plain that the force of public opinion is not only present, but is in a very great measure recognised and obeyed by the Chinese rulers. It needed no ghost from the grave to tell us this for do we not know that, during all the numerous changes of dynasty, the Chinese have retained their own laws, manners, and customs r In this particular, indeed, they resemble our own country, with one or two noticeable exceptions, which, as they do not affect the present argument, we may delay calling attention to at present. Having thus endeavoured to show that the Chinese Government is not despotic, in its very nature, we may proceed to connect the fact with foreign relations to that Government. In other words, it follows that the Cabinet at Peking cannot do as they please, but feel morally restrained by the force of opinion among the people. With regard to foreigners, this is most especially the case, and it therefore follows that time is required-not to Etty tact-in order to conciliate the people, before any effective measures in our favour can be pushed forward by the ruling powers. To irritate the Chinese people in any way is only to harass the Government i and as it unfortunately happens that we have, through rowdyism and other means, afforded just cause of irritation to the Chinese people, we have, in the same ratio, caused serious distress to the Government for China is like England, and its rulers cannot, by any human possibility,. fly in the face of public opinion. A Fldxua- Brigade Goi-.ij._u am-The New York Times war correspondent writes My report of the disaster which befel a portion of the Second Corps, on the 22nd of June, appears to have been rather modest. Instead of simply meeting with a. severe reverse on that unfortunate day, one entire brigade (General Pearce's, and part of another), were, gobbled " outright. It appears that some men had, gone to the front of these troops who were throwing up temporary breastworks, and built a fire. This, running through the parched shrubbery and under growth, soon sped through the entire plot of timber causing a dense smoke. The enemy, relying on the smoke to conceal them until they could approach our busy troops, dashed noiselessly at them through the fiery barrier. Wholly off their guard against any such a desperate feat on the part of the enemy, our men were thoroughly surprised and captured ere they could. TO«àt,tftoslight««tW6i»t«-.oo-.f.-' ; " . '-',:, 'left 1 ' . w.J .:>aiä,:itj. holidays 