OUR RELATIONS WITH CHINA. (From (lie Uong Krrng Evtning Mail, July 15 ) j We are sure that the expression of i correct views : with .regard to China will j always be acceptable to our readers. It ii perhaps better to. present, in a crude j state, any ideas that may arise, than to I delay until the same ave matured. The fact is, that the exigencies of daily jour- J nalism require-pretty much that opinions should be expressed as tliey arise, not as-j they, happen to be matured; which j latter is an event that it is most incon: venicnt to wait' upon. The question that is most, likely to be soonest , brought forcibly before the notice of people in England is simply,—-What is the nature of the Government of China 1 , ~ The Chinese Empire comprises a third of the human race, and it cannot well •be denied that in mere multiplicity of subjects a certain amount of strength must consist. Then it happens that, in Cliinn, which is one of the most in dustrious, hardworking, and the best producing countries in the world, the feelings aud opinions of the people in fluence the Government to a very serious extent." The chief force in China is fear. We see this to begin with, in tlieir religious ceremonies, in the paraphernalia of their temples, annual shows, and theatrical exhibitions. In the first, we have the always frowning deity in wood; in the next, the doom that awaits evil-doers is variously set forth in very distinct and probably too horrible imagery y while.on the stage tile blood-and-tliunder element decidedly pre dominates. A gain; the chief source of religious restraint apparent in the Chi nese mind is to be discovered in the fierce figures which they periodically carry about the streets and delight to honour; their devoirs are nearly all paid t j some avenging deity whose wrath" they desire to deprecate, rather than to-Kun Yum (or Kwan Jin, as the goddess of mercy is called in the Mandarindialect). Wedo not say this is the key to the Chinese character, but it is certainly of some; use in deciphering -the external forces which influence the national mind; i It;; is to ' fear, not A to respect or love, that they pay their, homage; they yield to physical pressure, or mental terror, not to-what is called by many j people " tbe gentler influence." By the latter may be implied that theoretic code: of honor and honesty which was first stamped upon European society in the time of chivalry and the crusades. Fur ther, as we cannot leave the argument incomplete, we may allude to the benign j influences of the Christian religion when properly understood. Terior and kind ness have been variously used as the incentive powers to proper conduct in the world, according to our code; ac cording to that of the Chinese, terror has been viewed as the leading ; motive power. This, although a sort of di: vergcnce, leads us the more readily to a proper view of the movements at work in Chinese affairs. .For example, to partially illustrate our meaning, we may refer to the great weight which was giveu by the Tacpings to whatever was externally terrible. Their tactics- were to scud on the worst of their crew as availt couriers, and the duty of the latter was to take secret means of pla carding the walls of the doomed cit.ios with frarfnl Wruiug notifications ; then to forward a pillaging detachment for purposes of plunder and conflagration ; and, lastly, to appear in proper force, and either receive the surrender of the menaced city or lay siege to it., in duo form. Tliey doubtless acted upon the instincts of Chinamen in thus employing terror as the most effective means of subjugation. Let us now briefly connect these re marks with the condition of the present Government. The Cabinet at Peking is less despotic than tyrannised over; in Other words, it is a complete mistake to suppose that the Government of .China is. in any serious degree despotic." No doubt the Emperor - can order the re moval of a man's head for purposes of the State, but every such act on his part is accounted for in writing so elaborately as to> render it plain -that the! force of public opinion is not only potent, but is in a very great measure recognised" and obeyed by the Chinese rulers. It needed-no ghost from the grave to tell, us this ; for, do we not know, that, during all the numerous changes of dynasty, the Chinese have re tained their own laws, manners,and customs ? In this particular, indeed, they resemble onr own country, with one or two noticeable exceptions, which, as they do not affect the present argument, we" may delay calling attention to at present. Having thus endeavoured to show that the Chinese Government i3 not despotic, in its very nature, we may pro ceed to connect the fact with foreign relations to that Government. In other words, it follows that the Cabinet at Peking cannot do as they please, but feel morally restrained by the force of opinion among the people. With regard to foreigners, this is most especially the case,- and it therefore fol lows that time is required—not to say tact—in order to conciliate the people, before any effective measures in our favour can be pushed forward by the " ruling" powers. To irritate the Chinese people in any way is only to harass the Government;; and as it.vlinfortunately happens that we have, through rowdyism and other means, afforded just cause of irritation to the Chinese people, we have, in the same ratio, caused serious distress to the Government; for China i3 like England, and its rulers cannot, by. any human possibility, fly in the face of public opinion. 