THE ANT PLAGUE OF INDIA. (From the Madras Atheneum Tus Governor of St. Helena, when he begged for a recipe to prevent the ravages of white ants, can scarcely have expected that the simple request would call interested co So much, inventive genius, So many curious remedies, and so numerous n brother con rivers. Yet, so far as we are able to judge, there does not appear to have been found one specific that will perform what the Governor wants the destruction if the son's. If the holes be plugged up with Tiger table wax, and a sharp look-out be kept for an tensions inundated locality, it being only natural that the white ants, which are not destroyed or injured, should tunnel is another direction, and invade, _ with tenfold vigour, the neighbouring premises. In the same way with the other schemes. All that they amount to is that, with great vigilance, plenty of wax, petroleum, or other n cdicament, an easy opportunity of examining every portion of ulcer, roof, or beam how seldom is this the case), and abundance of time to apply the remedy, some particular building may be largely preserved from injury by the ants. We very much question whether a much simpler remedy, one known hosiery houBeviife, -viz., that of pouring boiling water down the beds, is not infinitely superior to any of the schemes yet presented to his Excellency of St. Helens. Vigilance, with this, will succeed ; but who can be so vigilant as to detect every outbreak, or prevent the white pests from performing their favourite trick of eating away the inside of beam or joint, before the slightest puncture is made through the polished but flimsy shell which alone remains. We greatly fear that the St. HtlencBe will have to suffer yet longer the evil that has well nigh worn out our patience. Have the ingenious experimenters, who are so sharp at circumventing the white ants, ever thought of watching the operations of a colony? Did they ever notice that it frequently happens that a building that has been infested with white ants becomes suddenly free from them ? Have they never broken into the earthen archway made by the persevering masons, and discovered that no masons appear to remain The habitation is perfect ; arch, house, store, all remain as when the clumsy-looking architects bustled through them ; but not an individual is left to tell the tale of massacre and death. Have they ever won deredfcowit is that we are not overrun with white ants to a degree far exceeding the plague of the Atlantic coast? Whether they have or not, others have had the patience to examine into the habits, the victories, and defeats of the devouring race; and most interesting is the result of their enquiries. Our readers know very well that there are many species of the ant. Thtreis, facile princeps, the white ant (we shall shew learned terms, which could only obscure our len asks) with its clumsy peaty hosking had], not so small at the waist proportionally as that the belles of these or former days. Upon his nose is a black spot, marking the whereabouts of those formidable pincers which gnaw through the hardest wood, and make nothing of brick and chances. Then there is the great black ant, surely the ugliest beast ever seen, with nothing to relieve his homeliness a(hh our Yankee friends say but a steady good temper, which Jicvcr allows him to bite the most delicate member of the human family. How he scampers about, reminding one of the individuals who are always hurrying after some to them, certain prize] and always remaining empty. Who ever saw a large black ant catch anything, except it were a grain of sugar out of a basin left un- covered by some careless servant ? Then there is the small black ant, also a very active individual, but I seemingly a most uncompanionable creature, for he is never seen jogging in company with a friend or brother. Lastly, and most important for our purpose, is the malicious red ant, never better pleased than when griping with all its force at some unfortunate leg or arm. He is a most ferocious beast-the Bengal tiger of the lower creation. That little pink head of a cranium is all mouth, and opens and shuts like a pair of scissors of the kind used by hedge cutters, with rolemri.looking blades of substantial width and thickness at the back. They may be seen any day marching in battalions across the floor or up trio wall, each one following close after his leader's tail, and smelling his way on. If the creatures have eyes at all, they very seldom see them, for they will pass within the sixteenth of an inch of a delicate morsel and take no notice of it. These little red-headed, black-tailed insects tied together with the slenderest of red necks or bodies (which is it 2), are the salvation of India and Indians from a white ant tyranny. The world does not present a more unequal contest, as far as the size of the com- bs junta is concerned, where the tiny morsel of an assailant attacks so bravely, fights so skilfully, and conquers so readily than when the little red ant mees while one. Those in search of excitement we can recommend to watch an attack upon a white ant community. Suppose, for instance, the destroyers have taken possession of a piece of wood lying upon the ground ; an active young red in his travels happens to discover it, and falls foul of a white. With the ferocious agility of a tiger he immediately opens his jaws and throws himself upon the enemy a little row-boat boarding a three-decker. His favourite device is to drop upon the white just behind the head, seize him in the belly, throw his tail over the enemy's bark out of the way of the white s jaws, and then have at the vitals without possibility of defeat. But the white is a sturdy foe. Immediately he feels the thrust of the red's jaws he usually makes a conclusive leap, sometimes to a considerable distance, and then rolls over and over, intending to irwBh his assailant or make him relax his hold. Very seldom does the ruse succeed, for no leech ever clings tighter than a red ant. After a short struggle, a fit of trembling proves that the white is becoming ex tested. In a little while more he falls over on his back, violently working his legs and entering, A few more struggles and trembling and the fight is over, when the red marches off, victoriously, pinching; his gigantic fallen foe before him till he enters in triumph the gates of his own habitation. Often, however, it happens that the dead Goliath is too heavy for the puny David to carry off. Not to be disappointed of his booty, he calls to his assistance a brother red. They proceed, in the most business-like manner, to bite off the head, and anatomised the body of the white, till it is divided into portions easy of conveyance, when each walks off with a piece. We should have mentioned that the first red who discovers the prize hastens back to the rest, publishes his tidings, and presently comes forth again the leader of a myriad, and it is the exploits of on by individual of the myriad that we have been de -Trinities The reds are, however, sometimes defeated, for, if by accident, when they come near a white, they happen to be athwart his nose, the white brings down his pair of shears and nips the red across the loins. In such a case there is no hope for the red. After a decent amount of struggling the red allows himself to be cut in two, and give up the ghost, permitting the victor to make a show of the disjecta numbers. It is, however, quite touching to see the evident fear of the whites during the attack. If out of I their hole, they run from side to side in the utmost trepidation. They are on every hand, and they know it. Usually, however, at the first alarm they rush to their holes. The Hector and Achilles of their number station themselves at the entrance, with stretched out necks bearing at their extremities bayonet looking pincers and bristling antennae. With nothing but bayonets and bristles outside of the opening, they "wait for the life. Presently, when a red appears, the neck is suddenly outstretched still mere, and the rattling of the bayonets among the legs of the red bid him decamp. If, unfortunately, the head should be outside, not all the bravery of the white Achilles can save him. But we have never seen a narrow well-defended hole cap- ' tured by a red forlorn hope. We have omitted many interesting details for want of space, or we could have told of the self-evident station of the reds, of their different modes of warfare, of the engineering skill of the whites and their untiring perseverance. One thing is certain, viz., that to the red ants we are more or less indebted for our comparative freedom from their white brethren. If we could send a few red Queens to St. Helena we should provide no slight. assistance for the destruction of the ant plague. ? McKean's Latest Victim We are glad to state that senior-sergeant Smyth, the latest victim of the ruffian Morgan, is going on satisfactorily. During the week symptoms of fever manifested themselves, but these have been overcome by careful medical attendance and although it is no joke for a man to have his body riddled by a bullet, Dr. Wilkinson has little doubt as to the recovery of his patient. Great sympathy and attention have been shown to sergeant Smyth by the residents of Albury, and if these could do him good he would soon be quite healed. His own desire is to get well as soon as possible, and be again on Morgan's track, when he hoped to give him at govt m he ttAt,-Afbwy Bmntr, September. 17. Mviucm-iity-p Newtown - 1 Tie _rx_ fortnightly-noting of the council was held on Monday, the 18th instant. Present The chairman (Mr J Kingsbury), and councillors Knight, I Holland, Bedford, Hill, Dunlop and Curtis Minutes of pro ccfdlrgsof previous meeting read and confirmed Correspond incest A letter from Mr H Thomas, complaining of i nee Nance. Letter received, and referred to close for Inq nry J. Filmer J S Sadler, complaining of the conduct of the contractors who had the kerbing g and guttering of that portion of the Newtown Road In the Enmore Ward opposite his property, Urging that after having given him his kerbing for certain stipulated alterations, he would not fulfil the agreement, be therefore sought the interfere nee of the council in the matter. Letter received, and referred to committee of w was 3. From Mr W Neale secretary to the Newtown and Cook's River -Road Trust, in reply, relating to the removal of the gate at the railway ley bridge, and in a ki shrug and guttering of the series side of the Newtown Hood from 1 rtkhmvillo to Atdlb' fence He stated " that the first subject is under consideration," orrd than to the sum of £35 agreed to be paid had been placed to the credit of the municipality in the Australian Joint Stock Hair. Letter -co ivol Herons 1 Final torn ittee of work for adoption, moved by c Councillor Holland, in conded by councillor Bedford, and unanimously carried, " That the same be adopted " 3 grain committee of works, intimating that they had never port Juin s M Ir- land's Iel der for forming that portion of the Stanmore Hard. lying within the municipal boundary, at £12 Ripon received, on the motion of councillors Holland and Uti!, 3 From survivor, reporting that, in accordance with instructions emanating from a com mittee of the whole council, held on the 10th instant, to consider the supplying Newtown with water, he had surprised the City Engineer. (Mr Bell) with the highest portion of the mm capacity above the South Sydney boundary stone, and that he states s that the ( City Council could not supply Newtown with water from their present low service pipes, that the high Ser vice rcscivolrwilln the in complete working order for six months, but that a supply for a few hours daily could be furnished by a direct branch from their Botany main Report received on the I motion of councillors Dunlop and Curtis Councillor Holland moved, seconded by councillor Knight, and unanimously carried, "That the consideration of supplying Newtown with water, stand over for a period of six months, in consequence of the City 1 engineer's statement that the low women pipes could not be made available, and that the high service reservoir would not be in complete working order for six months " Miscellaneous business Councillor bight stated that the committee of works had met the Marrickville committee, on the 15th instant, to arrange the matter respecting the formation of the Enmore Road, it being the dividing him dary between the two municipal allies, that it had been arranged for Ibui council to call for tenders for the whole permitted portions, that there was a fine crop of ing, the removal of which would be a convenience, they had therefore directed the council bank to see the proprietor, and ascertain if he would remove the same. The chairman said the owner, a Mr. 1 owing, required £50, which was considered by the council so excessive as to preclude any chance of an adjustment. Councillor JHU moved " That tenders be called for the formation of the Enmore Road, the same to be considered at next meeting Councillor Holland seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously Moved by councillor Holland, seconded! by conn- I Cillorlllll, and carries d, "] but this Council provide the labour only, where suitable material would be provided, for kerbing and guttering " Moved by c Councillor Holland, seconded by councillor Bedford, and carried, ' That some steps be taken for the purpose of Bicenainlng If the waterhole adjacent to the railway station could not be made available for the washing of 'burden," This terminated the business, and the council separated, -iiu_-_?!-?-ea>-_.-j-*j-mun.!-mhi*^"-"11 