WIT, WISDOM, AND HUMOUR. The Victim of a Cold.-We will introduce to the render Air. Jones, who will explain himself: -" By dabe Is Jodes-Doddle Jodes. I ab the best biserable had udder the and, I ab eterdally cotchig cold, so that I dever cad talk plaid. I tried everythig id the world to prevedt it, subber and widtor, it is all the sabo. I breathe through toy booth (rob Jadunry to Decebber, frob the begiddig to the edd of the year. I've tried every oyoteb of bedicid, bat id vaid. All kids of tean, drobs, ad old wibbed's dostrubs have bid tried; I've swallowed edough ofltheb to drowd be;but it's do une. Dothig udder heaved cad keep by feet warb, dothig keep be frob catchig cold." Jones went to serenade his lady love, and sang after this fashion : " Cub, oh, cub with be, The hood is beablu; Cub oh, cub with be, The storm are gleabig, And all around, above, Withe beauty teabig; floodlight hours are best for lab." A Settler.-" No man can do 'anything against his will," said a metaphyslcian during a discussion. "Well," said a wag, "I belileve you had a brother who went to prison against his will," On tins principal that the permanence of the interest of a social or political epigram depends on tne eastern or idea which gave rise to it, tha probable longevity of the followiog specimen can not at present be calculated " A way to dress In the mode, I guess Picks a husband's bones quite clean, And poor Mr. Spratt loust cry 'no fat,' And his wife will ert.nodline." A genius in America is fltting up a steamer for the purpose of towing icebergs to India, where they sell for six cents a pound. Another proposes to do still better-to fit a screw 1o the Iceberg itself, and thus avoid the expenses of ship-build toi. A yotng Yankee having got into a mail train a Hartford, in a hurry, his mother cried after him "Are you going without kissing your mother 1" IIs replied, "I am in a harry; conductor kiss my mother for me.' The man who commenced life by over stepping the bounds of discretion, Ita since varied his gymnastic exercises by completely over- running the constable, plunging into the vortex of dissipa. tion, and running up a tavern score. At inventive Yankee has produced an apparatus which lie says is a cure for snoring. He fastens upon the nose a gatta pereha tube leading to the ear. Whenever the scorer snores he himself receives tho first impression, fiodsnhow disagreeable it is, and, of course reforms. 2i the Point.-An officer, who was inspec. ting his company one morning, spied one private whoseshirt wossadly begrimed," PatrickO'Flynn 1 called out the captain. "Here, yer honour I" promptly responded 1'atrlcd, with his hand to his cap. " Mow long do you were a shirt I" thun dered the officer. "Twenty- night inches," was the rejoinder. Anotherieto Ghost !-A Frenohgontleonan, whoihad heardrum called spirits,went Intooneofour hotels a few evenings since, and called for a glass of punch, requesting at the some time that it should be made with ghosts from the WestIndleal "You and Tom tell tales, and you tell them just alike, but Tom lies," said an angry Mary. utnder. This was a case of delicate insianation with a very strong Inference. Aeltrican Law.-A Massachosottsjndgohas decided that a husband may open his wife's letters, on the ground (so often and so tersely stated by Air. Theophilus Parsons, of Cambridge) that the husband and wife are one, and that the husband is that one l Joannet Scotus, being in company with Charles the Bald, King of France, that monarch merrilysaid, " Whatisthedifferencebetween aScot and a set P" Scotus, who sat opposltethe.'King,sald Only the breadth of the table." NEuwsuArans.-A man eats up a pound of sugar, and the pleasure he enjoyed Is ended; but the information he getes from a newspaper is treasured up to the mind to be enjoyed anew, and to be used whenever inclination or amusement calle for it. A newspaper is not the wisdom of one mean, or two ment; it is the wisdom of the age sad of ties past ngrs tee. A family without a newspaper is always half an age behind the times In general information. IBesidce, they never thlak much, or find much to talk about. And then Ithere ore little ones growIng up in ignorance, Iwithiost aoy taste for reading. Besides all these evils, there is the wife, who, when her work Is done, lins to sit down with her handsin her lap, and nothtug to nmose her or divert her mind from the tolls and cares of her domestio circle. Who, then, would be without a newspaper? Ottawa Citizen, 