THE STORY OF THE STONE -EYES. -of- ! From All the Year Round.) , CHAPTER I 'I IIB romance of the railway has seldom furnished a { more extraordinary narrative than that which I now, compile from the hasty jottings of my note-book, in June eighteen hundred and fifty-eight. ¡ I had made a random dash at a distant point! by a certain cross-country railway, whose eccentric sinuosities, surpassing my very worst anticipations, finally deposited me on a deserted platform Something Desertion, withdrawing into an adjacent shed, gloomily expired. The engine departed to its rest in a grass-grown siding, the driver to his in a cottage beyond human ken " aside of this rises pointing in the direction of a mountainous country, apparently about five miles, distant. No station-master was visible. Howbeit, an elderly' i hermit, in the costume of a porter of the Victorian age, patiently explained to me the fact that, having ever passed my proper "junction," I had before me a, residence at he Den of four hours thirty-two minutes. _ What to do? The landscape was unattractive ; ba-' transit drizzled, mizzled what is the damp expression that signifies a substance equi-distant between, nothing and rain ? Books I had none, nor even a penknife, wherewith to improve the time and trees. There was, it is true, on the wall of the station itself, a small but choice collection of high art. Thence I learned how that Sampson Bark wise Pecklebody (address in full), having, one fatal morn (specified),' permitted himself to occupy a certain class of carriage not usually associated with the description of ticket he had previously taken was mulcted by indignant justices (set forth) in the unmitigated penalty of Thirty Shillings and costs the permanent proclamation of which little incident, on the wall, must have imparted a peculiar interest to Mr. Pcckle body's subsequent journeyings by that line. The Bed sent by Post-not only sent, but actually prepaid-perpetual enigma to the untravelled mind presented its graceful form. Leisure there was to wonder why Messrs. Kornyman should alone dispense the pure article. Whether those gentlemen found it a commercial success, or whether a proud sense of moral rectitude was their sole reward. Ha! Frith? No. It is but a bold episode of London life, by a hand unknown, importing pictorially that Messrs. Hobbs and Tliiikettle have engaged two thirds of the western side of Regent-street for the display of their unrivalled assortment of summer stuffs. A royal equipage has just rolled heavily from the door, surcharged with purchases. The Lord Mayor, dissatisfied with eastern establishments, comes prancing up, attended (as usual, on shopping expeditions) by his faithful sheriffs, and other civic functionaries, among whom I think I faintly recognise the toastmaster. Three officers of her Majesty's Life Guards, in complete cuirass, about to enter in quest of their summer stuffs, make way for a right reverend dignitary, his wife, and a procession of fair daughters, so extended that it has to be continued round the corner. ' "As the literature of Something's Den is quite capable of being exhausted before train-time, allow me to contribute to it," said a pleasant voice beside me. The speaker, a man about sixty, perfectly gentle- manlike in appearance and address, had stepped out from the booking-office, and was offering me a handful of papers. I " Two poor fellows marooned on this inhospitable shore, he continued, laughing, "need not stand on any ceremony, I think. It will be a good three hours before succour reaches us." We gradually slid into conversation, pacing up and down the sheltered portion of the platform. The stranger talked easily and agreeably. I had seldom met with an Englishman who overcame, with such unobtrusive facility, the reserve of first acquaintance. An hour flew past, and, before its expiration, we had become as old and intimate friends. The weather had by this time cleared a little, and there had become visible the grey top of an old mansion, with one tower, half smothered in fine woodland, covering a slope some two miles off. " Whose residence is that yonder ?" inquired my companion of the hermit porter, who, seated on a retired bench, was dropping a sharp-pointed knife, with singularly inaccurate aim, at a disabled humble-bee, squatted on the soft boards. Having at the moment, nearly got the range of his victim, the hermit did not deem it expedient to suspend his fire, but simply replied that he didn't justly know. "'Twarnt nobody's. There was - summer wrong. Ghosts fested it-leastways, them top rooms-Gardener's wife-below. (The bee, suddenly impressed with a vague presentiment of danger, gave a convulsive shudder, and drew up one leg.) Never heard the rights on it. However, nobody can't-live-(bee dissevered longitudinally, presenting the remarkable appearance of two half bees in animated conversation) live there, they can't." "I was curious," observed the stranger, as we turned away, " to hear what he would say. That place is Mournivale, the scene of one of the most extraordinary series of incidents that ever found place in England's domestic annals. If you wish it, seeing that we have abundant time, I will give you the substance of the history." CHAPTER II. Thirty years ago (returned my friend), I commenced my professional surer r of medicine, with the ridiculous blunder of purchasing what is popularly called the goodwill of this district. I could have had it on precisely the same terms on which my predecessor had created it. My neighbours were benevolence itself, end-short of being at any time, within my recollec- tion, in the least indisposed did everything in their power to make me comfortable and happy. There was excellent trout fishing, of which certain industrious others, and myself, seemed sole proprietors and between us the best feeling always prevailed, they Epoting my favourite pools, Bnd I delicately avoiding the immediate neighbourhood of their dwellings j while my practice, which comprised two "healthy farms, a robust toll-house, and the beer-shop, Kit ample leisure for my favourite sport, besides a watching my busier neighbours. ' Do not imagine that the parties I have referred to represented the entire population of the district. Somewhere among the trees lurk -two little villages, one, in sight of, a superior is. known as Great \- Cover, the other, availing itself of effect of it dozen dwellings seeing «lUpoaecf U two tanks, calling; itself Cwj-la-StW*, for HMS Of says We these two powerful communities was breaking out in various ways, and so bitter was the jealousy, that, at one period, scarcely any intercourse was permitted between them : a state of things the more to be re- gt stated, since (a curious fact the society of the greater Covey w ascompoeedalmost entirely of b bachelors, while that of Cover the Street embraced exclusively ladies yet unfummonedfrom the awaiting ranks of spinsterhood. _ With this little non community I had no professional concern. The whole was presided over by one of the bachelor brethren, who, tolerated as a necessary evil, went and came between the two camps, a just object of jealousy and suspicion to both. Charley Tincture was by nature a merry pleasant little fellow, and, being only fifty-seven, was looked upon by the" elder brethren of Great Cover as little more than a boy. Nevertheless, it was now thirty-five years since Charley had been killed, and had cast from his soul every thought of matrimony. Many a pleasant evening have I passed in Charley's society, at his snug lodging over the post-office (he was rich enough to have had a good house to himself, but preferred that celibate flavour which attaches to lodgings), and to this circumstance I owe the power of making you acquainted with the story of Mournivale. The vast old mansion, after being for some time in tf nan ted, had, just before my arrival, passed into the absolute possession of Sir George Corsellis. This gentleman had held a high military post in India, and had brought home a reputation the reverse of pre- possessing. He was represented as a stern proud individual, gloomy and unsocial in disposition, a tyrant in his profession, a tyrant in his home. He had (said humour, coming down like a black mist before him) resigned his command, in the hope of averting a threatened inquiry into some undue exercise of authority something, it was even whispered, scarcely distinguishable from what men call murder-and he had come hither, with his lady, intending, if un- molested, to pass the remainder of his days among the deep woods of Mournivale. The very first proceedings of the now proprietor were singular enough to provoke comment. He had fixed midnight for his arrival at the mansion with his family ; directing the land steward, Harper, who had managed the property for some years, and whom he had retained in office, to be in attendance at that hour, and alone. Precisely at twelve, a hollow rumble of wheels came up from the grass-grown avenue, and Harper, throwing open the tall iron gates which gave immediate approach to the house, admitted a procession consisting of three gloomy old coaches and a black you. From the first of these vehicles, alighted three dark figures, to closely muffled that it was only by a comparison of height that the steward understood them to represent his master (whom indeed, he had already seen and two females, one of a stature almost diminu- tive. Both on entering the house, retired instantly to a suite of apartments upon which a regiment of painters and decorators had been employed for at least a month. The other carriages were filled with domestics, El, glides and foreign, who immediately, without exchanging a word, set to work in their different departments as if they had lived at Mournivale all their previous lives. So quaint and singular was the whole proceeding, that the simple-minded steward felt as if he were moving about, in the midst of a band of beings of a different nature whose supernatural gifts placed them alike beyond his help and control. They made civil gestures, and seemed to regard him with consideration enough ; but none of them, none even of the English, spoke directly to him. And the language that did reach his ear had a curious rolling accent, such as he had never heard. Determined to break the spell, Harper singled out ' a member of the mysterious company who appeared to discharge the office of cook, and who, being fattish, night prove good tempered. Accosting her as she glided by, he civilly inquired by what name he should address her "Morgan Le Fay," replied the woman, sharply,' bring her glistening teeth in a sort of snarl. j " Morgan Liffey I" thought Harper. "Irish, eh"! Feeling, or fancying, that his presence was not acceptable to the new comers, the excellent stewards who at present occupied one of the keepers' lodges, took a hasty leave, and withdrew. "Hot dinners at half-past one in the morning " thought Mr. Harper, as he tumbled into bed j "I wonder at what time they sup I " CHAPTER III. The external doings of the new proprietor were equally remarkable. It had been decided in the neighbourhood that one of his first acts of ownership would be to thin the overgrown weeds, wherein were thousands of '. noble specimens of oak,' beech, elm, and fairway,, even the fragrant cedar - positively pining for the axe.' An enterprising timber merchant had prepared a tender, and only waited for what he considered a decent interval before presenting it. Sir George, however, did nothing of the kind. Contrariwise on the only op n ground near the mansion-a small green knoll- the immediately planted a handsome cluster of quick growing shrubs and trees. In a word, lonely as the place already was, Corsellis encircled the entire park with a new and strong palU >ade. Around the gardens he raised a lofty wall. He purchased, at a great expense, a certain alleged light of way, which, as the public never used it, was disputed by their representatives with tenfold ob primacy. He discouraged any advances on the part of his country neighbours, and rarely set foot beyond his own domain. " Mad !" pronounced Sir Hugh Quickset, a neighbouring squire. Sir George, who was in the commission, attended the next bench of magistrates. The lunatic took the had in all the proceedings, decided a matter which involved great legal difficulty, snuffed out the pest clerk who had hitherto guided the decisions of the Bench, and, with cool superior nods, took his leave, not to appear again. But Sir Hugh Quickset was silenced. " Under a cloud," affirmed eld Purkiss, of Great Covey : a retired solicitor, whose mental habit id clined to the suspicious. (If report were to be a usted, none had enjoyed better opportunities of judging what might be the aspect of a gentleman under the aforesaid atmospherical pressure than Mr. Purkiss himself 1) Buta royal duke who was staying in the county, rode across fifteen miles to visit Mournivale, stayed half the day, and walked through Covey-lf-streetarm in arm with his host in earnest ct versation Mr. Purkiss was bowled out. Intense became the curiosity exceeds the manifest desire of Sir George to concede the course of his domestic life from every eye. The powers of conjecture is here exhausted in imagining theories of explanation for the complete seclusion in which the family, the two ladies especially, were understood to live. In respect to this, the steward, Harper, was as prp foundly ignorant as everybody else. Not only had he never seen his lady's face or heard her voice, but no intelligible allusion to her among the servants had ever reached his ear. He knew, however, that; a Creole maid, called Eisa, was her principal attendant, and that she did occasionally give audience to Morgan Le Fay. ¡ " My lady calls, the latter would say, with a start ; se metimcB amid the clatter of the kitchen ; sometimes when not a sound but the ticking of the clock broke the dead hush. And away she would hasten. t Harper observed that none of the domestics ever sent abroad, except on Sundays, when such as ware English attended the little church, and, service over, marched back again, being readmitted by the huge Dutch porter, Hand Truck, who never quitted his post by night or day, and the monotony of whose presence inspired Harper with such on insane desire to kick him, that, but for his native slowness of apprehension, Here 1 rock must have read it in his face twenty times a day. Harper had to pass him so often, for on him devolved almost all the communication that was held with the outer world, in the forenoon the steward transacted with his master any business relating to the estate. After that he executed commissions for Morgan Le Fay. At nine in the evening Harper found that he was expected to take his leave and what went on after that, in the mysterious household, was a strange and gloomy secret. CHAPTER IV. ! "But about Lady Corsellis," was the perpetual question of the spinsterhood of Covey-le-street, " who, and what can she be ?" And Covey the Great replied (through Mr. Tincture) that they would run any reasonable risk (except matrimony) to learn. For months the neighbourhood was in a state of agreeable horror, for where mystery is there will be terror, and it got to be believed that Lady Corsellis, of Mournivsle, was not a spectacle for human eyes to see. I can hardly explain through what fluctuations the general faith settled down (but so it did into a conviction that, though elsewhere fair of face, the unhappy lady - had the snout of a pig I At all events this belief triumphed. The district was rich in mast and acorns. In consideration of his con- sort, Sir George had suffered his beech and oak toL stands ... There were etc, it is true, dissentients to the por- cine theory. At the lolly Bachelor, in. Green Carty, * contested by lb, fine soften, the price to was, opposed by a still more terrible surmise. It is doubtful whether the host would have admitted anybody into his parlour, or the barmaid (an elderly female, unmarried) executed her office with any degree of alacrity on behalf of one, who did not faithfully believe that it was either a pig's head or the devil with a strong bias towards the latter opinion. No wonder for the very nephew of the host had had a glimpse of the phenomenon. Coming home late from a distant market, Jack Bulfinch took it into his head to shorten the road, by cutting across the grounds of Mcurnivale. This was before the erection of the new wall. He had easily scaled the then-existing defences, had passed the mansion, and was about to dive into the plantation, when the great front door swung suddenly open, and out it came, walking tamely besideS George himself. Jack, by his own account, had barely time to notice that my Lady Cor 1 cellist had immense eyes, like lurid lanterns, which glowed even through a thick progressive sort of cover- ing that veiled her head and face ; likewise, a tail of such prodigious length, that Sir George, with much seeming politeness, carried a portion of it across his arm. This tail went near to dis- credit Jack's, but for the confirmation the whole story received from the deposition (made lather with, than upon, oath) of Cephas Pudgebrook, the second gardener, who rolled the terrace on the following day, and observed that it bore distinct traces of a goat or pig, " dibbled regular all along." Mr. Pudgebrook was not a little horrified to learn that he had been actually engaged for two hours (all the while whistling careless secular tunes) mammoth ing cut the footprints of the enemy of mankind ! Curiosity was at its utmost stretch, when an order was one day received by Timothy Beatle, the purblind clerk, to have new hassocks placed in the Mournivale jew. Has socks They were, then, unquestionably coming to church next Sunday. At all events, Sir George and-and the other would come. The Reverend Benedict Lanham, of Great Covey, prepared his best discourse. The number of those who attended their t class ous duties on that day, transcended the recollection of the oldest inhabitant. The congregation were already seated, when the Lord of Mournivale, accompanied by two veiled ladies, on tried by a private chancel, the party taking their seats in full view of the assembly. General Sir George CoreelliB was at this time a man past middle age, of colossal build, massive head, broad nose, and eyebrows so redundant as almost to emulate little beards. The prevailing expression of this far from attractive face, was stern even to ferocity ; but that it was capable of much softening was apparent even to purblind Timothy Beatle-who, throughout the service, addressed his responses personally to Sir George, adjured him in a stentorian voice to join in the performance of the psalmody, and having, in effect, bestowed upon the astonished gentleman his undivided attention, was finally, in a position to aver, that, whenever he (Corsellis) glanced at one of the veiled creatures at his side, his face changed '< from a devil's to on "angels." The service drew to a conclusion without the veils being for an instant removed. It must be acknowledged that good Mr. Lanham (whose discourse had been directed against the indulgence office curiosity, and prying into mysteries out of our path) did his very best to advance the secret wishes of his 1 flock ; prolonging his address, by the aid of impromptu interpolations, to an extent which, under ' any other circumstances, would have been considered inordinate. It was all in vain. Even every sermon must have an end-so had Mr, Loanham'*-and, with a reluctant blessing, the congregation dispersed. When a reasonable time had been allowed for all designing persons to withdraw, the Mournivale party quitted their new she, who was presumed to be Lady Coisellis, leaning, upon her husband's stalwart arm; the dwarf-like figure of their companion bringing up the rear. Every pretext for lingering about the little churchyard had' by this time been exhausted. One individual, alone stood rooted to the spot Miss Tiffany. This lady remained. BE it were, under a vow. I ' Miss Tiffany represented the strong-minded ele- ment in the circle of Covey- lc-Street. To her appeal was wont to be made in all such cases as,' I under ordinary social circumstances, would have' i necessitated the interposition of the masculine mind j' and, hitherto, Miss Tiffany had been true to her position and be self. It was alleged of her, and by her, that, in no purpose on which she had realty set her heart, had she ever been baffled. In a perhaps un- guarded moment, she had pledged herself to see and to speak with one or both of the mysterious ladies of Mcurnivslo. She was here to redeem that pledge. Sending away her maid, Marian, to a little distance, she herself took up a position half way between the church and the corner of an avenue of elms which formed a by-path to Mournivale. As the three figures moved past, she touched the dress of her who walked alone. | " A thousand pardons," said Miss Tiffany. May 1 may be allowed to sp-- ?" ! The stranger made a sort of impatient bow, and Continued her way. ! Miss Tiffany, somewhat piqued by this reception, retumed to the charge. i " Again, I ask you pardon," she said " I assure you, I am not a beggar. I wish merely to inquire what is Lady CorsellU'spleasure concerning the pro posed new such-?" The Etrmgcr put her hand upon her arm, as if to impose silence, but, with the other, pointed forward in such a manner as to invite Miss Tiffany to accompany her. Thus, maid Marian, watching in the distance, saw the four disappear into the avenue. ' Another minute, and her mistress was seen returning ; but with a step so strange and uncertain, and a demeanour altogether so unusual, that Marian started off hastily to meet her. To Mcrian's alarm and surprise, Mist Tiffany took not the slightest notice of her but reeled on, as it were, in the direction of home, her eyes fixed and staring, her face pale as ashes, her hands working wildly, as though in desperate endeavour to keep off some invisible assailant. Honor, horror ! " was the only reply her terrified attendant could obtain, in answer to her repeated inquiries. Arrived at home. Miss Tiffany went straight to her chamber, and, locking the door, remained in strict seclusion until the evening. Then she rang for Marian, and gave her certain directions for the morrow, which raised that young lady's surprise and consternation to their climax. On the following day, there appeared a notice in the front garden, describing that desirable cottage residence as to be let, furnished or unfurnished, for an inch finite period, with instant possession. To the numerous inquirers, answer was returned that Miss Tiffany had been summoned to the sickbed of a relative, who, though near in blood, was somewhat distant in body, being, in fact, resident in Australasia. Consequently, Miss Tiffany must not be expected back immediately. Miss Tiffany read, in real dead, departed that morning, and all the explanation afforded of this sudden resolution, was contained in the following note, ad- dressed to an intimate friend:- i " Good-by, Sophy dear. Love to all friends. Shun Mournivale. Beware of curiosity. Seek to know no more. " Your unhappy friend, | "THEBBSA." I will not dwell upon the hubbub created by this event in the community of either Covey. My busi rest is with facts, and the next fact in my recollection (putting aside innumerable unsubstantiated rumours concerning the doings of the family at Mournivale), is a visit paid one evening by the steward Harper to my friend Charley Tincture. , i Harper, who was naturally a hearty fellow, with; a frank open manner of speech, now looked anxious and careworn, and spoke in a hesitating perplexed way which Charley could not understand. : He apologised for calling at that late hour half past nine on.the ground thathedid not wish his visit known, and, presently untying a blue handkerchief which he carried in his hand, placed upon the table something that had very much the appearance of half a cold apple tart. "I wish you, Sir," he said, "to be kindenoughto Examine trees. and tell me if 'as good for a Christian's dinner. If 'tie, why there's an end ; if not, why then I've got something more to say." I j Tincture made him sit down, and retired to his surgery, sending, in pursuance of an idea that occurred to him for myself, who happened to be passing the evening in his neighbourhood. Together, we care fully analysed the hand,, and applying the usual tests, deteVtd the presence of a certain vegetable poison, in sufficient quantity to destroy a dozen human lives. On hearing this result, Harper turned so white and sick, that Charley had to administer a glass of brandy, after which the worthy steward commenced his tale, with the startling information that the pastry we had had under our consideration, together with numerous other delicacies, similarly seasoned, formed the daily bill of fare at Mournivale. . . For a long time past in fact, ever since the arrival of the family-the steward's attention had been from time to time attracted by a remarkable proceeding on the part of Morgan Le Fay. Sretj, also, whether pre petea by her own hands or those of, assistants, re c*Tedaeli*ht.«¿dWeo,.fo«*^23 of WYNESS from a sort of cabinet built into the wall and .. "T with a small but massive metal door, of? whS v£Z* le Fay always kept the key. This ceremony a reef not absolutely performed wealth aS is to be invested with a certain degree of mystery rd wsB etiquette to notice it as little as pSuV Harper could not help observing that ever, dish 'i'' undergoing this singular preparation, was with respect and tenderness almost revTrtntTw/ carried with the extremest caution and was Wu turned disabled from the dinner-table' was clip", by the high priestess, Morgan Le Fay, to" S? expressly constructed for the purpose from wS * it never again emerged. vase, from whence Perpetuslly haunted by this mystery, Hamer 1 length conceived an irresistible desire to TESSA himself, by actual experiment, that a strong S able fancy, that would sometimes intruder's his mind, WEB erroneous and absurd. One dwT great good fortune, an opportunity occurred of.! curing a portion of apple tart that had scented"; half consumed in the parlour. Mr. Harper met ' ing himself of an unfortunate dog whose cSnS of skin rendered his abrupt decease a rise of congratulation both to himself and was presented him with a small portion of the nie 0, receipt of which the unfortunate animal uttered "" broken howl, stretched himself out, and expired Under the circumstances, Mr. Harper At once Send the remainder of the cut in his handkerchief as hastened to submit it to medical scrutiny The case was curious, and difficult, in spite of this uncommon dietary, it was certain that nothing h happened at Minnivale to warrant legal in'erS. >o enactment restricts the indulgence in arsenic "r' belladonna, to long as they suit the constitution' I was ultimately agreed to keep the matter quiet ki, per undertaking to report to us any new incident of an uLUbual nature that might come under his orders. (To be continued J 