PIRIE-STREET WESLEYAN CHURCH. The service in connection with the reopening and anni- <*> versary of the Pirie-street Wesleyan Chapel were brought to a close on Monday evening, October 16. In the afternoon a sale of the articles left from the late mtTto SS^%W-S?S&. teftfrojn tazaarwas held in the Upper Schoolroom.andrealizedabotrt was provided In the Lecture-halL and partaken of by ' during the public meet**. [ overwbiehMrTL. Eoaoh, Senior Circuit Steward, presided. , the meeting. After acknow ledging the kindness of the Stewards in asking him to take , Urecbair. he stated thas they were met to celebrate their thirteenth anniversary. He thouKut annirer ?Lies should not only yield pleasure, but an amount oTproat as well. The review of the past Hj^ was very Batis&ctory.; for In that time they had erected a building ; wbJcnhedid not think was equalled by any other dispel to , the dtv though many had been built since. It was both , commodiousland beautiful. A few days ago he amused himself by looldns over the minntes ot the meetings held ] in connection with the founding of the building in which , the* were assembled. The land cost £600. which they , managed to pay. and alter various difficultiesland hardships , which he described, they got the chapel boflt, and three , yeara alterwards the Balleries were erected. Last year the , Lecture Hall was built, and many other additions were ? made. The trustees had often thonght of the necessity of , beautifying the interior and they had done so to the satis fiction, be hoped, ol all- To those who had long been con- , neoted with the building, there was much to be grateful for. , The last 13 years had been years of mercy and of blessing. , tor daring that time they had received many blessings -they , bad had a faithful and devoted ministry—many bad been - convinced of sin and convertedito God. while saints bad ( been edified. (Applause.) He concluded by catting , "ffiTj. Comos. M.P., who gave a statement of the t finances of the chapeL They commenced thei year with a . balance in hand of £371 168. l<id., and since then they had Saed sufficient to make a total of £u?9l 2s. lOd. Against this they bad expended in various way? £1,794 os. Bd., xnaUne a balance due to the Treasurer of £2 Us. lOd, They were a little more in debt than they were lost year. The total amount of the debt wa? £3,225—a vary smal Bum for such a congregation as that. He hoped they woold be able to reduce the debt to £3,000 that evening, which be thought was sufficient for a property like that. He should Btatethat the £3,225 was upon the whole of the bandings — the chaneL the lecture hall, ministers' homes, fittings, &c;—all ofwtUcu involved a total cost of £17.000, so that the present debt was upon that lance amount The gas-fittings had all been paid for. From the bazaar, tea, Sunday's collection?, &c; they would realise about £265, which would meet the whole of the cost of the gas-fittings, cleaning of the inte rior ftc They should now, he thought, set their faces against any further expenditure, as they now had the build- Sr in a complete and finished state; and in the course of a few years he had no doubt they would be enabled to clear •way the entire debt, whioh was a thing he alnosrely hoped would be achieved. (Cheers.) The choir here sang the anthem " Comfort ye, comfort ye "Tne?ev. R. C. FtocKHAKT, in moving the first resolu tion, said be rejoiced in their prosperities, and be regarded their difficulties as part of their prosperity. What was £3,200 to such a congregation as that? They had a beautiful place of worship, and be hoped they would continue in their work oi well-doing. The advancement of Christianity the grandest of all systems—was their object WTiat were material things compared with the trust committed to them? Might their successes be greater than they had been and might the officers in connection with the chapel be more and more zealous. He wished to give them a few particu lars fn connection. They had had, according to the statistics laid before the English Conference, 276 cases for enlarge ment, which would involve a total cost of £206,990; and in addition to this 1.300 trusts bad laid down the noble sum of £11211, so that the work of the Church might be advanced lax and wide. (Cheers.) Out of that 74 ministers could be supported at a salary of £150 a year, and be said all honor to the large- hearted and liberal men who had so lavis hingiy aided the work ot Christianity. He alluded to individual gifts varying from £600 to from £8.000 to £9,000, and re ferred such gifts as that to the attention of the Pirie- etreet people. Last year they had 1,024 ministers, but now they had 1,223, being an increase of 199. They had now a firm hold of the heart or the army, and they were effecting some good among the sailors as well. Notwithstanding all the achievements and triumphs of art. science, and literature, ?t to his mind the great want of the world and of the Church was the baptism of the Spirit from above, lust Bight as he was proceeding from North to South Adelaide, he saw the necessity of an acting .and Urine; Church in Adelaide. His heart was not so much mined at seeing the abandoned women of the town, but at {he conduct of the so-called gentlemen who dined at their tables—they who were in reality the cause of so much evil In then- social life. (Applause.) It was their duty not merely to be good, but to exercise an Influence for good—to make the ungodly feel it They wanted power in prayer. Dower in the pulpit, *nd power in the press. But a united Church, strong in prayer, would be more than conquerors, for they could, not fail to exercise that influence whioh would result in the saving of souls. (Applause.) Xbe Rev. B. T. Burgess next addressed the meeting, and, after some preliminary remark*, he proceeded to enforce the principle of benevolence upon the audience. He reminded them of their everyday privileges, and said this, together with the great condescension of the Lord in becoming poor tor their sakes, should lead them to give more of their time, talents, and influence to His cause. They were all men ol Influence, of lesser or humbler degree. Dr. Camming bad ?old that they had two immortalities—one they took away with them either to Heaven or to Heu, while they left the -tber to permeate and influence succeeding genera tions. V tte? wisbea to exerdse an influence for anodt&ey; ahonld be burning and shining lights; tbey should ?33^tndrdaUy life and conduct the Christian prta- SSjTwtaloh tSey wished to disseminate. Be it theirs then whteSeyUwdto live onto the Lord, so that when they dledthey might die nnto the Lord, and enter into His joy. (Cms^Cbolr here sang another piece of mnslo veryeffec- The Bey Charles Cotwzu. said they were like vessels without rudders—they were at liberty to speak upon what subiest they liked; so that however mnoh he travelled in the ooune of hu speech the Chairman could not call him to order. He might therefore Just mention that they bad erected two beautiful places of worship at Wallaroo; and that a debt of £1,300 rested upon them, which would be increased by £600, betas: the cost of a mission-house. Now. he thought they mteht that night divert some of their contributions towards tte relief of the two aforesaid ohapels. (Laughter.) They had to Pay from ten to twelve and a half percent, and be thought ?offle members of the congregation before him might let them have it at eight per cent,, and this would be a great conside ration. Butne must not stay too lone upon ibis subject He wouldtherefore choose the subject of" Christian liberality," mon which to say a Tew words, for that would apply to SSkrooae well is Pirienrtreet (Laughter.) Covetous- JSTwm the greatest sin, for It was that which remltad in the angels tailing from their high estate, and Wuehnow permeated bo much of the world: Be had not mash toaomplaln of as respected the liberality of Christians In central or of Wesleyans In particular: tat he questioned wlMttertbey??Be^pto the standard offttving ? tithe of SStooMutMtbeteTltesof olddld. He questioned also wbetfcerthev Jamas much as the Roman Catholics or as the Pagans ail One person who gareios.fi yearfor hlsre. liaiOT^BTtoUbyaclassleaQerthatitwaso^y^aweek of Wesley was to •• get all yon cv, save all you can. give all you can: * and he acted upon that principle, for be gaveall the surplus of Ida income to U? cause of Christ, men Wesley got .CMayear be found he could live on .£3B, and he gave is towardi religions purposes. Next year he got £60. and save £3*. still living on £28 a year. And thus be acted mtflwh^oledttwas estimated that be bad disMbuted as much as £50.000 in advancing Christianity. (Cheers.) They might ask whether they abouM not save something for a rainy day. but as to that hewould leave it to their own oonsdences. He urged them to ?wni?hi the Pentecostal Christiana; but he reminded them at the tame time that it was not according to the amount of their gifts, but it would be aocordine to the purity at their motives that they would be judged and rewarded. "GtjdlorethaclieerMtfver." (Applause.) The collection was here made, and realised.about £!?• Tie Her. H. Chester said he was gted at the proaperlftr which had attonflwl the last year's operations of that Church. It was not, however, by fine and beautiful pUces of worship that they were to measure their spiritual prosperity; it was not by havinc rich and in""tn? rf hearers; nor was it by Bible wasto purify the heart, and tojfestroy impurity, to make the life unblameable. Let them strive, then, tocleanse their l&esrand;?otollve that they should receive the blessing of God. The conversion of souls wasa great evi denceoT spiritual prosperity, and In tills respect they had reason tofeel gratified? It mattered not what kind of taSdtagtheT worshipped to w long astbe Gospel was preached faithfully there That this had bees the case with Flrie-streethe could not doubt. Their prosperity would con tinue if the same means wereexercised. Thosemeans were by the faithful Breaching of the Gospel—not the proclamation of new doctrimsTbythe exercise of personal effort, and by the outpouring or the Spirit from on High. After dilating upon these Msentiale to true splritaal prosperity, the speaker concluded by expressing the hope that the next ySrtprospertty would be as great or greater than its pre- d Tteto.(HL?S'rawas next called upon to address tile meeting. He said it was a gratifying thing to know that they could associate with their auniversanea the great work of human redemption. There was a eplendid fdtore in re serve for thTworld; bitf t>efore that arrivedthere: would be were not to aim at eccleslasacal pre-emtoence, but to save bouU; and they had the means to do this. They had thefr venerable Bible, which occupied iv rightful supremacy in their judgments Its truttis were not softened down to suit the feelings of the polite and the delicate; it was still the mighty, the ma jestic and the uncompromising Word of God. (Cheers.) they had a healthy pulpit, for the truth was fully, clearly, and powerfully proclaimed. Tbey had also the power of the Holy Ghost, and were not these agencies sufficient? They had been sufficient for the conversion of millions be fore, and why abould not they be sufficient for the conver sion of mUlionsfnenceTorth. They were not to wait idly forjthe tniUeninm; but they should by their active and Christian conduct hasten the advent of that gtorious era. With the?e few broken remarks he would git down. (Applause.) The Rev C. H. Goldsmith proposed in a few humorous remarks, a vote of thanks to the ladies for providing the tea, and to the Choir for their kind and efficient ser vices * The Rev. T. Ltx>yd cordially seconded the resolution which was carried. • The Chairman here announced the gift of £so from the late ittr. William Dunstan, of McLaren vale. (Cheers) . Mr. .r. Coltow. H.P.. moved a vote of thanks to the ladles who had assisted at the bazaar, mentioning that the proceeds amounted to about £50. and tbe rest of the articles would be offered very cheaply on the following The vote was seconded by Mr. Wm. Scott end carried. A similar compliment having been accorded to the Chair man, the meeting, after Another performance by the choir, was brought to a dose in the usual manner. KENT TOWN WESLEY AN JUBILEE CHURCH. The foundation-stone of a new church in connection with the Wealeyan body was laid on Monday afternoon, October 10, at Kent Town. Tbe want of a place of worship in the neighborhood has, it is said, long been felt; but circumstances have delayed its commencement till now. With the presentation, however, of a suitable block of land by Mr. J. Coltou, M.P., and tbe promised material support of a few liberal gentlemen, tbe movement was started, and so far the efforts of the pro moters have been successful and gratifying in the ex treme. The services of the day were commenced by the children of the Sabbath-schools in the circuit meeting at 2 o'clock in the Parade Chapel, Norwood, whence they marched, beaded by banners, and in company with their teachers and friends, to tbe site of the proposed new edifice. At 3 o'clock the Rev. S. Ironside, the Superintendent of the Circuit, gave out tbe 699 th hymn, commencing " Prom all that dwell below the ski?a", which being sung, the Rev. R. C. Fiockart read tbe second chapter of the Second Book of Chronicles, descriptive of the erection of the temple of Jeru salem. The same rev. gentleman afterwards engaged in prayer, in tbe course of which he implored God's blessing npou the work, and expressed the hope that tbe building would be a centre of influence from which much good might Mr. G. P. Harms next presented the Rev. Mr. Ironside with a handsome trowel and mallet with which to per form the ceremony. The Rev. Mr. Ironside then read a copy of theparchment and a list of the contents ol tbe sealed bottle, which was placed in the cavity prepared for it The documents were M follow:— •'The WesUyanMethodist Maqaane for Adelaide. No. 1. with copies oi tbe ctrcuil plans for Adelaide. First, Second, and Third Circuits; minutes of the last Australasian Wes leyan Conference, held in Melbourne January last; the Register sxA Advertiser papers of this day's date; a few colos of tbe realm of the present reign ; a parchment on which is inscribed as follows:—'ln the name and to the glory of the one God. almighty and everlasting Father, Son. and Holy Ghost, this tonndation-stose ol tbe Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church was laid by the Rev. Samuel Ironside, the Superintendent of the Adelaide Third Circuit, on tbe tenth day of October, in tbe year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and in the twenty seventh year or tbe reign of Her Host Gracious Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, Sir Domimcfc Daly, X.C.8., Governor of the colony of Sooth Australia. This building is called the Jubilee Church, as it is being erected in the jubilee year of the Wesleyan Missionary Society and of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church The Key. James Boiler, of New Zealand, President of tbe Conference; tbe Rev. John WatrfordVChairmano tbe District of South Australia; tbe fallowing gentlemen being: trustees of the clinrch, viz.:—John Ballantyne, Richard N. Bennets, James Billing-, William Clark, John Cotton. M.P.. Robert N. Gault, Henry Goss. George P. Harris, Michael Kingaborongb, Thomas Padman, Charles Pitt, William Rhodes, W. H. Shariand. fi. E. Tapley. Architects -Messrs. Wright & Woods. Bunders-Messrs. English & Brown. M. Klngsborough. Esq., Treasurer RTe. Tapley. Esq., Secretary. ?Except the Lord buHd the house they labor in vain that build if •-Psalms cxxviL, I.' " The Rev. Mr. Ironside having pronounced the stone duly laid, madeashort address, in the course ot which he observed tbat it was with great pleasure that he accepted the wish of the trustees oi the new building to lay tbe founda tion stone, and said there was nothing which he had done since his connection with the pro vince tbat he should look upon with greater gratification. They built that house of prayer not in opposition to any Christian Church, the motto of the Wesleyao Church being "We are friends of all, and enemies of none.'' There was no other place of worship in tbe neighborhood, and a large number of persons dependent upon their nuni?try lived in the neighborhood, so Sat they regarded the erection of a sanctuary there as being necessary for their operations. They erected it believing God would bless it. He was greatly delighted to see so numerous an attendance, sanc tioning the important and necessary undertaking. The children of tile schools then sang two verses of the following Jubilee hymn, composed by the Bey. Xhornley Smith:— •' Hark! the joyous sound is swelling. Hark! the sour of Jubilee; Of tbe Saviour's triumphs telling, Of his conquesta yet to be. Jubilate I Jubilate! Christ shall reign from sea to sea " Missions! Missions 1 they were founded. Heathen nations to release; Faithful men went forth and sounded The clad trump proclaiming peace. Jubilate! Jubilate! Never shall the tidings cease. "Fifty yeara ago the story Of the love of God to man. Spread in richer streams the glory Than when first the work began. Jubilate 1 Jubilate! Thousands heard of mercy's plan, " Bich has been tbe tide of blessing, Loud the song of liberty 5 Light has pierced the Indian's dwelling, Afrio's sons have been set free. Jubilate! Jubilate! Saviour we rejoice in thee. "See the Gospel Banner waving Where the Hindoo's temole stood; See the isles of P.ji craving For the bread ot life as food. Jubilate! Jubilate! They no longer thirst for blood. " Far and near our Churches flourish, Myriads chant their joyful lays; Schools the children guide and nourish. Old and young uoaannahs raise. Jubilate! Jubilate! Great Redeemer! Thee we praise. "Wider fields are still before us, Where to sow the precious seed; And that Beed from neav'n's rich storehouse Will supply the world's vast need. Jubilate 1 Jubilate! Onward let tbe work proceed. M Bring your offerings. Christians, bring them. Bring your offerings, rich and poor; Bring your sons and daughters, bring them. Let them enter every door. Jubilate! Jubilate! Spread toe tidings more and more. " May we catch our father's spirit. In this year of Jubilee; May we all their zeal inherit. Full of faith and courage be. Jubilate 1 Jubilate! Lord, we give ourselves to thee." Tbe Bey. John Watstord next delivered an address* but excused himself from speaking long owing to the op pressiveness of the weather. He said every Christian must rejoice in the erection of another house of prayer To him it was very pleasing to see so many Churches erected and being erected in Bonth Australia, and especially They laid tbe foundation-stone of that ChapeL because in it the glorious gospel of the blessed God would be nrodaimed. If anybody asked what Christian truths would be Breached there, he would say in the language of old Methodism— ** A present salvation for all men from all sin." They tonrtit tbe doctrine that Christ bad died not only for their sins but for the sins or the whole world-* doctrine which. as Dr. Guthrie said, bound •' tbe throne of maoT^undTana perish the hand that shortens it a hair's breadth " I?SS preached salvation for all men-that it was the privilege of the believer not only to be forgiven, but to be deansedlrom "H J ntSSntEoaBnE?a> wd to be preserved body, soul, and spirit blameless until the day of the eomlne of Christ. They preached all that to be attained in this life by faith in Christ Jesus. They also rejoiced in that bouse because it would not only be a commodious but en elesantand ?l beautiful building. That it would be good tbeyknev^because it was in the right hands. They did not think that beautiful structures—that architectural order and beauty—were neees sary to achieve tbe great work they bad to perform. Their forefathers preached in barns, mud houses, and los hula, and God's blessing rested upon them, for they werelnstra^ mental In saving many souls. But they believed thm rare in a better position to dedicate more worthy stractuTestD the service of the Most High, and they recognisedUto be Uuirdutytodow^eyfuraerrejou^tbatfriendshaacomi forward to as&Ut; them In tbe undertaking;. They wervnnt believers in mere outward form t bnttheylionedand tnutlri that through tbe Instrumentality of that erection, and ton means of grace afforded with tt, that the conversiou ofm&nv; souls wonld be attained, as it was that alone^rtiehworfo satisfy them. He hoped that their coinmunton iuS worfd be thronged with broken-hearted penitents. seTklnTuiP mercy of God, and then the place wonld notbebuiltlnv^n He prayed that God would bless the erection, and that He would preserve the workmen from accident and eviL The rev. gentleman then announced that the collection would be made. The collection, consisting cbieiy of volantary oftertnn on the foundatton-gtone, amounted to about £14. The Rev. J. Cope then gave out the 737 th hymn, part of which being sung, be dosed this part of tbe proceedings by prayer and the benediction. i^????pi? We subjoin an architectural description of toe proposed "This new buttdlng is to be cruciform in plan, with a tower and steeple at the north-eastern intersection of tbe nave and aisle walls, and when finished will be capable of aeopoimodatto?; l.opo penons. It U proposed rt|inieat to build the nave only, which will he ?8 Act long. 40 fleet wide, and 63 feet to tbe ridge, and will hold 440 persons. Tbe design is transition gothic, lighted by six lancet windows on one aide and five on the other, and by two small windows and one large tracery window in front The former are co arranged that one-half of each window will open, but the latter is to be filled with stained gtaes. The entrance is through a large door in front and another under tbe tower, both being rich with mouldings, opening Inside into a screen under thechoir. The ineideof the bonding will receive its adornment from the roof, which will be open and supported on moulded principals, resting on carved corbels, and will be stained to represent oak; the cdling wuM be boarded and painted white, thus giving a good relief to tbe principal timbers. The ceiling is not open to the ridge, but is finished at the collar beam, so as to leave a good space for heated air. Ventilation is continued through alrcratings in the walls under the floor and In tbe aisles, thence it escapes through perforations in the ceiling into the open air, through numerous apertures in the roof- The walls are of Dry Creek rubble masonry, neatly pointed with cut stone dressings. The roof is to be shite. The designs are by Messrs. Wright and Woods, and the builders Messrs. English & Brown, who nave contracted to build the nave for £2,766." THE TEA. AND PUBLIC MEETTffG. Tbe children were regaled with refreshments; and a tea (or theelder friends was provided in a booth erected on the ground. It was attended by about 401 persons; and after the removal of the tea things, the public meeting was commenced. The meeting was largely attended, the booth being; quite filled. Mr. Johk CoLTON, M.P., presided. After the usual pre liminaries, Mr. M. Kingeborough, Treasurer to the Trust, read a ?li?hi?m statement showing what had been done towards tbe building already. It appeared that the sum of £1,137 4s. bad been collected or promised, including dona tions of £200 by Hr. Cotton, £100 by Mr. F. H. Fanldine. and £100 by Sir. G. P. Harris. The afternoon's collection realized £13 19s. Sd., and the tea meeting £15 88., making a clear total of £ i ,166 lie. Sd. (Cheers.) The Chabwan then commenced his address, humorously alluding to the structure in which they were met: but remarking, that notwithstanding tins he trusted their gathering might be profitable in many respects—not only is a pecuniary sense, bat in the information and good that might be done. They all knew that he felt considerable in terest in their present proceedioge. For many years it had been considered essential that a place of worship should be erected in Kent Town; and the site was deemed suitable and elevated, ao tbat the structure would stand out and make itself known to au. He believed tbe exterior or tbe new building would be exceedingly pleasing. Tbey did not ignore ornament in con nection with places of worship; on. the contrary they thought it was right. (Cheers.) Ho was also satisfied that the interior would not only be comfortable, but beautiful, and such as to reflect credit upon their Church throughout the colony. Tbe necessity for the erection must appear to every mind that studied the question. Pirie-street was able to accommodate t,200 persons, and upwards or 1,000 sittings were let. They had been obliged to refuse accommodation hi that Chapel to many families. With respect to their Church at Norwood, he was told that all the sittings were taken up, and that tbey had no accommodation for the in creasing populaUon of the neighborhood. With these facts then before them they could not but admit that another erection was essential, and that it could be supported with out draining either oi the other sanctuaries. The trustees, with whom he rejoiced to be associated, had gone roily into the question, and tbey believed that God would buss the undertaking which tbey had that day commenced. He did not wish nnduly to estimate Methodism, but he bad a few statistics, which be should like to give them. They had close upon 120 places of worship in the colony, and res pectable places, too; they were no*^watUe-and-da.b,"and the foundation-stones' of others were being hud. They gave accommodation Tor 31,000 of the populaUon of South Australia. This was about one-seventh of the whole colony; and in Victoria, where Roman Catholicism was so rampant, they had accommodation for about one-twelfth of the whole population ; and in New South Wales their proportion was not bo favorable, being about one-twenty-third. Therefore they had reason to congratulate themselves upon the work they were doing hi South Australia, It was satisfactory to know that they had not commenced a building before it was really necessary. Tbe erection had long been contemplated, but tbey had never seen their wav clear to commence the undertaking until now. They had now, however, commenced it, and he was glad to see so many friends from different parta present, for they wanted their sympathy, their prayers, and their money. After a lew other remarks, which were much ap pended, he called upon Tlie Bey. W. Bbown, who moved the following resolution: ??Tbat this meeting, being persuaded of tbe great necessity, of providing church accommodation for the rising and im portant district of Kent Town, which as yet possesses neither church nor ohapel, rejoices that at length the foun dation-stone of a substantial, commodious place of worship has been this day laid." He rejoiced in those services, and he pitied the man who could not rejoice in them. The asso ciations in connection with the laying of tbe stone were of a Joyous kind, but there were other matters lor joyousness. He rejoiced that the sanctuary was dedicated, not to one particular sect, but to the Triune God. Be rejoiced also tbat they would there have a ministry that would preach the Gospel in its simplicity. He rejoiced also that tbey were carrying out their denominational responsibilities. He re joiced t&atin; that township they were goinrtoerectaboilding that would be a credit to the village and an honor to the body. (Cheers.) Methodism came to them in its vast responsibilities and in its blessed privileges. Their fathers sustained tbe churches in all their integrity—they provided for them, and they in turn must provide for their children, co as to preserve, extend, and perpetuate Methodism upon the earth. Be rejoiced also because tbe erection of the pro- j posed edifice would give them another channel for the out flowing! of their liberality. Giving was a means of grace, and why should they deny their people the realization of that happiness which Christian benevolence secured. After relating an anecdote illustrative of tbe joyousness of giving, he proceeded to remark that he might present many other reasons fox rejoicing -, bat time would not allow him. Tbey would rejoice, and no man should take away their oy., <Applanse.) I Mr. T. Padhan said the movement bad bis hearty sup port, and he was sure none of them would regret having subscribed towards the building, for be felt convinced that nothing would be preached in it except the pure principles of the Gospel, which contained according to Rowland Hill three cardinal doctrines:—" Ruin of man by sin: Redemp tion of the world by Jesus Christ; and Regeneration of our nature by the Holy Ghost" These three "r's" would be pro claimed in the new building; but in order to do this they wauled the assistance and co-operation of all interested in it, which be urgently besought. He cordially seconded the resolution. The resolution was carried. The choir here rendered the anthem " When the Lord shall build up Zion," in a very creditable manner. The Rev. John Cope proposed the second resolution, which was to the following effect:—"That as the trustees of the Kent Town Jubilee Church have laid themselves under considerable pecuniary obligations In their endeavor to meet the religious wants of this locality, this meeting pledges itself to assist the trustees in their undertaking to the ntmost of their power." He, too, expressed great pleasure at being present on that occasion; and then proceeded to commend the resolution to the meeting. The Chairman, be said, had co clearly shown the necessity of the erection, that be did not see how they, as Wesleyans, could shirk their obligations to support it He had great pleasure in moving the resolution, but. be should not confine himself wholly to pleading to them to liquidate their responsibilities, lor be felt quite sure they would do that without any urging from him. Tbey might look at a place of worship in so ferae they were interested in it. There was a commer cial view to take of the matter, and that was that if tbey would have a thing worth the having tbey must pay for it A place ot worship was calculated to exert great influence ; it was a testunoty in itself for God. No inhabitants could see it or listen to the bell without knowing its existence; and the silent testimony of the fabric would be conveyed and would no doubt sometimes do good. Then, again, a township that contained a place of worship was a desirable spot to reside in—(hear)—for no one could avoid feeling the leavening and beneficial influences which it exerted. He was very glad that tbey were going to erect a suitable and hand some building. He bad no sympathy with barn-like build ings when the people could aflord to erect a better one. (Cbeers.) He was not fond of too much ornament; but their sanctuaries should be such as would accord with the beauty and holiness of the Lord. If they made it comfortable their children would be toe more pleased with it, the more likely to join in its sacred exercises, and it would doubtless Bttmu- Ule them to support it by their gifts. He bad been speaking to them In the light of interest, bat he would now tarn to another aspect of the question—that ot duty. It might be said that the New Testament dispensation released them from dedicating a certain portion oftheir income to the ser vice of God, and released them from the injunctions and obligations of the laws of Hoses. He admitted this, but he still contended that the spirit of the old dispensation was merged: into tbe New Testament dispensation and ran through it They were to emulate the character of Jesus, who though he was rich yet for their sakes became poor. Let them be liis disciples, and let them show by tbeir deeds that they were actuated by tbe same principles which guided him. He would not longer detain them from bearing their friend Mr. Flockart, who had a long speech to give them. (Applause.) The Rev. B. C. Flockabt seconded the resolution, and said he had been made most happy by the day's engage ments. When he looked upon the intelligent and deeply interesting meeting he felt very proud, for infidelity never collected a gathering like that (Cheers.) H<> had looked at the foundation-stone which had that day been laid; and he was not disposed to qoarrel about their calling the building a "Church," as the longer he lived the useleaaneas of bickering about trifles and the importance of preaching only the cardinal principles of Christianity became the more apparent to him. (Applause.) He was glad that they had connected tne word " Jnbilee" with the building; for what thongho did it call np! In the year 1838 the ship Fanny was wrecked on the coast of Encounter Bay. The late Bey. Mr. Langbottom, with his excellent wife and son. were in that vessel, and little did they think of tne great results which would flow from the labours of that minister. The chapel in which they were worshipping soon became too small, and twelvemonths after the wreck of the Fanny a sanctuary was opened in Gawler-place, then in the bosh. Afterwards the building was sold to the Baptists, and he trusted the friendly relations which subsisted between them would be perpetuated, for they were the " friends of all and the enemies of none." (Plaudits.) At this time he said they were connected with the Sydney district, and a gentleman writing from England suggested that the ministers should preach in Sydney in the morning, in Mel bourne in the afternoon, and in Adelaide in the evening. (Laughter.) When Mr. Longbottom arrived there were six local preachers, seven class leaders, 60 church members, and 100 Sunday-school children. Now. however, they had 196 local preachers, 241 class leaders, 3,462 chorea members, and 7,251 scholars, who were connected with no schools. If they had competitive examinations in connection with their reli gions denominations he felt sore even Mr. Gardner would admit that they had done their spellings weU. (Laughter, and cheers.) In 1840 Mr. Longbottom left through illness for New Zealand, and bis place was supplied by Mr. Eggle ston and Mr. Weatherstone. In 1843 and '44 great misrepresentations were circulated about them, and in the latter year they were struck off the roll by the district at home; but by prayer the breach was afterwards repaired. In 1844 Mr. longbottom returned to them. After him they had Mr. Draper, then Mr. Batters, and now they had Mr. Watsford, who was leading on the band to conquest and victory. (Cheers.) With reference to the money question involved in the motion, many might say they had already given, or that they had no money. Bat there was money everywhere, and he was not going to Insult that Jubilee meeting by begging. jjet them do their duty, and God would be with them, and bless them. The progress of Methodists was always for ward ; they made no provision (or progress backward. Let them go onward and conquest was certain. (Loud ap plause.) The Chairman here announced that the collection •would ake place, and in doing so he stated that the cost of the building. Including fencing, &c; would not be less than £3.000. The Conference requirements rendered it necessary that the trustees should see their way clear to the attain ment of at least two-thirds of the total amount This they did, andjsonsequentiy they commenced the building. They exDectedto be able to open it in May next, and as soon aa thereof was on the ladies would bold a bazaar in tile The collection in cash and promises amounted to a little over £31. malting about £1,200 altogether. The choir sang the anthem " Hearken unto me," very well. TheKev H T. BuBCESS moved "That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the Bey. J. Wateford, for his very varaaMe address that afternoon." The resolution needed no JSo^^aHon at bis bands, aa Mr. Watsford had by his msnUneM and *eat won his way Into tiwaffeotion and respect of all Wesleyans. The address that afternoon, though briet was a dear enunciation of the great principles of MMr?W UIH. Shabland tersely seconded themotion, which "me Bey. SL Wuvnw proposed In a neat speech a vote of thanks to the ladles, to the stewards, to the choir, to Mr. Justice Owynne for bis present to the children of oranges, and to Mr. Cramond for supplying water. ? Mr, H. Goss seconded the motion, which was agreed to. The anthem "Thine, O Lord" was here giren by toe choir with excellent^ffect. Mr G P. f*"*" 1 proposed, in a few complimentary words, a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was seconded by the Bey. S. Ironside, -In large capitals." The motion was carried, and briefly acknowledged, after which the proceedings were brought to a doee by the doxology asdbMMdlQttO?, 