TION QUESTIONS. Webb yon ever plurtcil f I don't me«n w a fowl or »«««?» pluckfd before routing. That would Rive no tiain at ill, I abonld iutipofo, odImb the queer fincyof thote old Hindoo or Greek fillo»«l»tme, tbat you p»»a from one animal Into anothor, and fo mm bave a dim cornel- uences of 'hat his been , dime to Too in a previous f tola Bnt I meiD, were you ever plucked at on o of tfotchonldciarr.l.ii.liun. ih.t have be.il Innytedhy bulou; Rrofetsoia and nony-bmricd manlcre for the ?botheration of ,u.nnn. «.*n«h f V mil inn. Tnn trill ?rmnathlBfl WltB me** unfortunate wretch that I am j if you have not, let me ttll yon tbat it 1b not a very pletaant operation. Indeed, the Int ttnw, I found It a dreadful thing. It quite took away my appetite tor at leatt tbree dati. and mad- me long to bide my dlminlihed bead Is tbe patirnal coal-hole. But ' me may breed a habit Id a man,' sb la observed by (I think) 4Homer or Horace or wme of those sncieni MIokb. 1 bave been nprrlmentei) upon «o often tbat I fcuve uluioet trown chIIoub, and Sbvc oome to the delloflrate coa cluBio» that the fault in not Id me, but In my toraentora. To ehow tbat I don't Fptak wiihout good reason, I give* few »peoltneni tt ihe uBDiinailori questions tbat were set before me at tbe last affair in wbloh I waB engaged at He fjnlvenlty, whloh I may say in nri« confidence is tbe UrrlvcreliyofS— dn-y. Now, after reading these, let me ask BDy unprejndloed person whether tbe re la »»y djsjrtee in not giving MtiBiaotay answers to etich fjucpilonB. Could you have doLC ro I I omit the answers thBt 1 did nlvc partly oat of natural modesty,— partly becanee I donotiicb to embroil myBilr ultb the authorities of tbe Uol vtriityaforcttid; for if tber saw the answer*. Hey would knew wbo 1 was, and that mljht be unpleasant, The foil -»log Bpecl mm vill give you tome Idea of what m rot before me not verr long ago, in the way or ' qucationr,' and with the result I have already mentioned. 1.— Mathematics akd Natural PniLOBoruv. Kiamintr : FrofeBBor Norris Brickbat Fell. 1\. If tbe tape or tall of ten of the leading representatives of the TTnnsunf AM.tnhlv hjitiivnnri nn at thn mama Mm.. ftnH If thft flalli taps varv in foko, commencinsr with (-Inch pipes, and incrcaelDg iu an arithmetical terles to tbe greatest bore, how long will it be before tbe Chamber, efsunnd to be 90 x 45 in dimensions'. Is flooded to a height sufficient to drown all members who cannot swim) 3 A leading; member of the committee appointed to inquire into the diiorganiBailon ofthe Public Wards Uepirtmentengiged lor a heavy wager to walk five mllea on tbe load from Sydney lo Farramnttain ten hours. His weight was SO nose avoirdupois. At tbe end or every quarter of a mile be was to be allowed to halt for tbe purpose of imbibiDg. flow, supposing him to perform eqnsl dlbtance-s in equal times, aud bis powers of vaporiKalian to be to the liquor Imbibed in the ratio of 84 to S j, show by meaaa ol an arithmetical progression the metnber*B weight on the accom plishment ol hiB tetk 1 S. A Frenchman paBrlng through Billingsgate Market in the olden time, stopped to medlaie. between two ancient and flsh-Uke dBmesvihowere ??favouring- each other with ibelr tongues,' wbicb, according to the best authorities and ibe latest commen tators on Horace, is the real meaning or ' Favctc Itngula ' 1 Now, at Burning that professional powers of ** flaying ' to be 3*21 and Iblirekillin auruering tbe Queen's English to be 1131 86, calculate nccording, to FmfeEBor Dr. Morgan's ' Tbeory of Pro babilities,' the chances of the Frenchman's coming off with a whole skin. *. Give a foil, true, and particular account ot tbe nature anil operation of the art or ruction, distinguishing between the ancient method practiced on eggB by venerable grandmother;, and that employed by the youth of these realms in tbe consumption, of laccbirine compounds. Explain alro your views as to the share capillary attraction bss In tbe cases of (I) tho men who have beards, and (3) the boys wbo only with they bad them, when engaged in amoking hookaht as distinguished from real bavanriabB. II.— CnEMISTEV. Examiner ; Professor Smif. 1\. Explain the properties of phosphorus, and the mode in which it may be used on dark slgbu in tbe manufacture of ghosts. Give also the proportion wbichjucttordlog to the tbeory of & modern Fnnch chemist, should bo found In Ibe bruins or a sensible man. State, in connection, your views as to tbe quan tity probably eilBting in the heads of (1 ) members or the Legisla ture, (2) aldeimen, (9) men wbo go to law 2\. Detail tbe vai iou» ubi b ot brimstone, both free and combined vilbmolacEcal Explain its connection, wilh ??matches,' matri monlBl and oiberwit-t t S. Enumerate the general properties or water, comparing Sydney water, procured from the Uotuuy Bwamps, with tbe pure unadul terated element ; and Bhow the effects of the former, physiulogl cally and patbolwgiCBlly, on the human stomach and bruin 1 Ex plain also tbe naeon wliy eo many so-callid teetotallers In Sydney bave red dobcp, and walk home at nmimcly hours and with a reellrg gc.it 1 4 Blate tbe specific gravity of the foUo-ving well-known liquids-'Hodge'8 best,' 'Cream of the Valley,' 'Mountain Dew,' 'Sameon,' ' Stiigo,' distinguishing London from York shire, ' Barclay and Ferkins' Brown Stout,' and ' treble X.' Give also the quantities of each that medical Btudents may lately imbibe without interfering with their UBtfulacss to society t 111,— English History and Constitutional Law. Examiner: Professor Howgrave. 1\. Give a summary of tbe important proceedings occurring pre vious to tne 'Actor* ficttiemeac,' explaining the urigiaot pja money, and Ehowing how a man, when be i6 married, ia said to be done lor. Show also tbe connection between Ibe Act of ocule ment arid the constitutional doctrine that the taxpayers are bound to settle tbe bille, and provide amplv for the wants of all royal personages who cannot, or will not, do anything to help tbem 3\. Trace through all thrirBtages the peculiar and interesting circumstances leading to the fl Act of Union,' with your vicwn as to the conBtiiutional modifications of courtship daring leap yesn, and an explanation of the different and moat feasible melbods of popping the question. State also your views of tbe ten o'clock movement, or the duty of nil good huBBandB to b^ at home bt fore ibat hour, with tbe opioionB, pro and con., of emi nemlegalantborities in Kew south Wales. 3\. Explain in full tbe rights of men as distinguished from those of woman. Ehow under what circamstanoes tee English lav allows a husband to Bell a scolding wire by public auction to the highest bidder ; and state at what ase, and after bow many years' of married life, the 'tbe Inferior animal' (as a man has been recently defined to be by the eminent American Professor, Mrs. Bcminy) may legally and safely be entrusted with the latcb-key and the custody of the purse. IV.— English Language and Literature. F rofecforsbip vacant. Acting Examiner : Mr. Beadle Burrows, I. Correct and point tbe fallowing sentences :— 11 Ah. nr mftther soled cr muurel ves and baut a box horKan and wests a mucky wi.l jow cum wot are yow leavis bor bis 6b.ee a goin to keap too.' ' Im fca« prigs wot bisnt isn Yen e's colohed must go to pricn,' And ' Im Tot Jewry coves conwix GitB ecragd bor Isgd bas cure has nix.' 9\. Correct and explain tne following- colloquial expressions :— 'Doe»yurmuthernoyurhoutl' ' Is Saxby rite I' 'Nofeer,' and ' upon sni ward.' 8\. State tinder what circumstances it is proper and common to say ' Hookey walker,' ' Don't you wiah you may get it 1' and ?' Bee you jammed fust.' 4, Explain to what part of speech the word ' kick ' belongs ! and if a noon, whether it is praptr or common, or both, especi ally ss applied to ?' Boards of Examiners,' and other hatd or soft cubs tan ces. 