MR. ROBERTS' BILLIARD MATCHES. (From (lie Melbourne JSeroM.) Ok Tuesday evening Mr. John Roberts made his first public display in Australia. Tbe appearance in this part of the globe, of the champion billiard player of the world, has caused quite an excitement, not only amongst the knights of the cue, but throughout the ?whole male population, ae the fame of the great man has long preceded him. There ere, doubtless, many in this colony who remem ber Roberts when he was quite a lad, playing at Liverpool, as his skill at the game was such, even in these 6t-yf, as to render him a most dangerous oppo nent. Since that time he has gradually improved, and during the last few years has held such a position lhat no other player, be he ever eo good, has ventured to start on sn equality with him. He has a son who is followiog in his father's footsteps, end is considered almost as talented as bis parent. Billiards have now became so universal that the amusement is within the reach of everyone ; but the billiards which we have been ac customed to witness, even by first-rate players, is a very different sort of game from that played by Mr. Roberts. Here we have the true science improved to the highest pitch of perfection by the most constant practice. Mi. Roberts has arrived at such a stage ef excellence in every point of the game as to have an almost unlimited command over the ballu, and to be able to place them in nearly every position he chooses. Shortly after his arrival in the colony he entered into an arrangement with Mr. Cleeland for the large room at the Albion Hotel, in which to pUy the first match, and Mr. John Lemb was secured aB his first oppo nent. The hall was fitted up expressly for the occa sion with tiers of seats for tne spectators, and evfir arrangement was made to secure the comfort and convenience of the visitors. Tne table used for the match was .of colonial make, and it may, perhaps, be gratifying to the manufacturer, Mr. Alcock, ef Russell-street, to know that Sir. Roberts considers it one of the very best he has ever played upon. Notwithstanding that the charge for admission was fixed at a rather high rate (£1) euch waB the interest manifested to witness a match between the champion ot the world and the champion of Australia that the room was well filled. Lamb received bis 3S0 points out of 1000 up, and the game was commenced by the Auebalian having the break, and after a little coquetting on both sides to keep tbe balls in baulk, Lamb broke the ice by can noning off the white, and then Roberts went in off the white, cannoned, and put the red in the top pocket, thereby scoring seven. For some time the game went on slowly, and very little more than commonplace play wan exhibited. Boberte was evidently his way and watching the play of his opponent, and at the same time getting at home on the new table, He soon got hold of the white ball and played with, it for some time, continually putting himself in the centre and top pockets ; but wherever he put the bails there was always something lett for himself, but very little for his antagonist. Lamb is an excellent player, slow and careful, but he wants the precision and execution of Roberts. He played very well at the outset of the game, making hazard after hazard off the red alter nating with a neatly executed cannon new and again. When Lamb's score stood at 383 Roberts had arrived at 67. The English champion then tried some of his ' circumbendibus ' cannons off the cushions ; but the most autonisbiDg portion of his play is the mannei in which he can run through the dbIIs, and curve them round, so as always to bring them into a convenient position. For about two hours the game went along slowly, Roberts making his twenty-five and thirty off a break, gradually began to creep up, When Lamb Etood at 401, Roberts was only 62, but the latter was, however, warming to hiB work, and the balls began to fly about in all directions. Sometimes he would get the three nicely placed together in a orner, and con tinue to tcoie cannon after cannon, always contriving to get the balls well into position. Lamb often found himself left without a chance of making anything off his break, as Roberts many times successfully brought off. toe double baulk, when he had got all he could him. self. Lamb, however, played the good old game, shorn of its scientific adornmeata, and weni in for safety. When Lamb's score stood at 427 Roberts was 93\. From this he made up by a series of losing hazards played off the white into the centre pocket, and from the red into ths top pocket, But his cannon game was certainly the finest. He made some of the most maiurlv strokes, frequently pocketing both balls efier the cannon. He had scored 155 when Lumb was 452, and he then com menced some of his angular canons, aud was most successful in biinging tbem off several timen inBuccos eion. Some of bis strokes were truly magnificent! and were loudly spplauded. Lamb, nothing daunted by being matched against euch a renowned pWyer workid away carefully, and gradually increased h'« (?core; when 600 was put on his account, Roberts hid made 272. Frequently Roberts performed the feat of pocketing the while, and bringing his own biUbick. Irom the centre of the table to cannon with the red. lying close under the cuBhion, almost in a straight line : it is strokes such as these which show the power of play. Not until Roberts had brought his Bcnte up to 324 as against £34 did he commence the spot game, which ib considered his great forte Twelve consecutive timeB did he pocket the red! always leaving hiB own ball in a good position, and he afterw ards repeated this performance by putting ia the ted eighteen, twelve, ten, and six times consecu. tivcly, when the scores stood at follows ; — Roberts 609; Lamb, 676, An adjournment took place for a few minuteB, and upon resuming Roberts went on to play quickly — a sure sign that he was gaining a se curer footing and grtater confidence. Lamb exerted hie utmost, and played exceedingly well, making tome really fite hazards, and several neat, if not altogether brilliant cannons. Soon Roberts be gan to forge ahead, and the numbers got closer and closer— 678, Roberts; 691, Limb 704, Roberts; snd 691, Lamb. From this time the latter had not the ghost of a chance, even if any such idea had existed previously. R, aberts lite, rally walked away from his opponent, and from 856 scored 950, making 81 in a break. He had frequently made 30, 40, and once 65 from a break, but this was the largest number. Lamb's score at this time stood at 728, and this he only increased t) 743, when Roberts had made 1001— thus winning by 258 points, or, including the number given at the commencement, €08. Roberts' play was magnificent throughout, but nothing extraordinarily brilliant was exhibited, although no very favourable opportunity occurred for the production of any great skill. The second of the series of Mr. Roberts' billiard matches took place on Wednesday night, when Mr. Lamb was again his opponent, but on this occasion received 400 points out of 1000. The reduction in the prce of admission to 10b. had a goea effect on the attendance, aB there woe nearly double as mwy per EOne present as on the firtt night. The game com menced ratter fclowly, but Roberto soon made an opening by scoring 37 off a break — principally from, lesing hazards off the white into the middle pocket. Lemb went along very slowly, and his score for a time was all behind hand. Roberts early got on to his spot strike, end pocketed the red eleven times in succession, thus Bcoting 33 in almost as many seconds. From this break he made 46, and his fiist hundred was obtained ia twenty minutes. Lamb got hold of a few good cennonB, ana stuck to that game as long as he could. He alto got a chance of a Bpot stroke, but was unable to bring it off. He, however, played well, slow, careful, and for safety. Roberts had many opportunities of trying his ' screw backB,' bring his own ball back on to the red after cannoning oil the white, or else screwing back into the pockeU. This performance, as often as repeated, was received with a murmur of approbation. Roberts giaduaily moved ahead, and then brought his score from 19C to 262 by one btcak of 66, made principally by a succession of very fine cannon e, and winning heztrdB at the top pocket. Lamb's best break at this juncture was eighteen, but he soon afterwards showed seme good pUy, and got off two breaks 27 and 23. Roberts, who is a very quick player, and filmest immediately makes up bis mind as to what he intends to do, rattled away at the balls, at the same time displaying the greatest science. In the course of an hour and a quarter he had reached 300, and a splendid break of 85 obtained soon tfterwards improved . his position and brought bim dote up to 450. Lamb began to play slotrly, and missed several cf what appeared to be easy strokes, but he was good at the losing hazards, and tolerably safe on the cannonB, Roberts exhibited eoae really fine play. Eveiy s'.roke waa made with, judgment, accuracy, and precision. From his blmos1. intuitive knowledge he was tolerably certain to know where the balls would land. When his score stood at 502 Lamb was 619, and he afterwards caught bim at (314, and from that time Roberts walked away from his opponent. Several times during the game Roberts had an oppcrtunity of bringing his famous opot strike into play, and on one occasion he pocketed the red ball no less than 24 consecutive times. But tbiB number is few in comparison to what he can and has dune with this particular stroke. The greatest number of times mentioned is 104, but this was certainly an exceptional ca-e. Tne champion's score was making rapid progress in an. upward direcliin, and he kept adding to it by a series of magnificently brought off cannons and brilliant hazards. The power of play was well demonstrated lest night in the way in which Roberts was enabled to make the balls curve half over the Uble and into the pockets. Lamb played some really fine strokes, and from one break he scored 46, beginning at 712 and le eviug off at 758. Roberts has no great specialty except for excellent play, but he is good all round the table, and taken anywhere. Lamb struggled hard to bring his score up, but the force of superior play was ageicBt him, end at the close, when Roberts had scoied bis 1000, Lamb was only 809, leaving the champion a winner by 191 points, without reckoning the 400 given at the commencement. 