GÄOSt STORIES,-STRANGE AND .YET. TRUE. (Concluded from our tatt.) Tho heroine of our next illustration ie MM D ICucl ¡ah ludy. . Wlion, Aro years ago, Mrs D---, became a wid pleased, tho brother of her husband to disputo th positions of tho latter's will-a proceeding the annoying as tho provision uiado for the widow already extremely moderato. ? The suit lasted three and caused Mrs D-tho utmost vexation and an when ot length the law finding those blnims indispj which had never been anything else, decided ii favour. Some time after this Mrs D--was resid 1/-Place, Brighton. A friend, Mrs F-, u shared .her bedroom. Both wero lying awako ono i ing about eight o'clock, when Mrs D-. with surpriso V»w her friend riso up suddenly in bed, her hands, and sink back again on the pillow in t found sleep. Strango ns seemed tho movement, i BO. evident to Mrs 13-- that her friend was reallj tranquil slumber (hat abo made no effort to disturt A minute elapsed, when tho door- very quietly op nud there seemed to enter a figure which she boliev bo supernatural. .. She describes her feelings with minuteness. ' Sho owned that by nature sho was s what nervous, yet her impressions, as sho afterword membered thom, on this occasion, had not tho elig intermixture' bf fear. ' She was conscious of a revere awe, such as might become tho witness of a, roveli overruliug thè'accopted law pf nature, united wi feeling of intenso curiosity as to tho object .of tlioap tion. Gilding through tho subdued light, the figure all the appearance, gait, and manner of her deceasod band ; until, passing round the room, and sinking d into an arm-chair nearly opposite hor bed, it tu slightly aside,, the figuro": presented-its profile/ and D-instantly recognised-her connexion" and opponent,-Mr Vf. D---J at that time residing ic north. 'No sooner hod the» mysterious visitor sut d than he raised?'.his olaspodi hands, ' as in -passionate treaty ; but, though' the'spectral lips appeared to rh os in harmony with the gesture,«no sound was oud Three times tho hands wero lifted in the same ear manlier, thon tho figuré rose and retired as it came. S nervous reaction followed its disappearance, -for DT-maid appearing a minute or two lator, found mistress trombhng violently and much agitated. Ne thelens, she very quickly roguined her self-possession, oahnly related what " she' had seen, both to Mrs F and tho maid,: tho former being unnblo to recall onyt): unusual, and only knowing that sho had fallen as! again contrary to her .own intention. Tho succeeding day was cold and stormy, and noil of tho friends quitted tho houso. .;In tho: ovoning s< neighbors called..,. Aa they were taking loavo, ono of party suddenly inquired, " By tho bye, have yon , any recent nows from tho north ? A.rumour has reao us, I hardly know, how, that Mr \V. D-- ia dan/. ously UL somo say dying, even-but it is only repor dead." .,,.<,..... " He is dead," said Mrs D-quietly. "He diod t morning." " You had a telegram ?" "You shall hear.!'.]. . . And Mrs-told her story to her wonder friends. . , . As quickly as news could reach Brighton, sho recoil intimation of Mr D-'s death, at the hour of his i pcarance.. >. .<>._-..,. A singular and suggestive statement' is, that tho sci witnessed, by. Mr« D--at Brighton was being acted in the douth chamber of. Mr W. D---, hi drcds of milos distant. His mind wandorod eoraewl as tho end drew near,-but perpetually resumed to I ?ubjoct of tho, unhappy lawsuit. Mistaking his sister Mrs. D.v. ; .,-, ho addressed to her tho most fervent < treaties for purdon, avowing his bitter rogret, condon ing his own injustice.' and covetousness,: and dec!ari that he could not dio in penco without hor forgivene Throe,times the dying- man had ruieed his hands ra i manner sho had votnossed, and so oxpirod. One morning, some years sinco, the lady "of a disti guished London physician was lying in bod at her hon in Prr--r street. It was daylight, and sho was bro awako.; ; Tho door opened, but Lady-, conoludi; it waa .her maid, did not raise her head, until a remat able-looking: figuro, pnssing between her bod and t window, walked up to tho firopluco, when, rofleotod the mirror which hung above, Lady -? rece hised the features of her stopson, Dr J. O-, th attached/ to a foreign embassy. Ho wore a long n¡gi dress, and curried something on his arm. " Qood,,Heaveiis! is that you, John? and in th dross P1' cried Lady-, in tho first' surprise Tim,figure turnod slowly round, mid alie thon beean aware that tho object ho .carried was a dead child, tl body being swat lied round, and round in a largo Indii scarf of remarkable workmanship, .that Lady-he prcsontcd to Mrs J. C-on tho ore of her departur AB^ she gazed, tho outline of tho figure became indistim -invisible. They wero lost in tho familiar objects < the room. Lady- neithor- fainted nor shriekct nor oren rang the bell. She.lay down and thought, th matter over, resolving to mention-it to no ono until th return of her husband, then absent in attendance on a illustrious household. His. experience would decid whether hor physical health oflered any solution of th phenomenon. As for its being a dream, it may be take ks an accepted fuct, that, though nobody.is conscipue c the act of going to sleep, everybody, knows, by tho sile don chango of scenery, and snapping of the though alone, when he was nwakenod... , On hearing hor story, her husband immediately looke at bia lady!» ,. tongue, and fels'hor pulse.; Both organ perfgo^i j;Of her .nerves he had seen proof... Touohin veracity she was truth itself. All his skill could devis nothing bettor than a recommendation -to patience, am io see, w.hat/,came of it. . .In tho meantime the. doy ani hour,wore.noted down, and the next, advices from T owaitod .witU moro, that usual interest. At length i they came. . ,,Dr J. O-- informed-^! father,,that ¿heir child-an only one-r-had-died < on sud a doy1, (that of the apparition), and that his wife, nnxiou tling it should, bo laid, to rest in the land-of .its. birth, hm beggod.that it might bo forwarded by, tho next- ship. : Ii duo course it ai rived, embalmed, but enclosed in a cofRi .o muehjlafgor.than was required for the tiny oocupaul that tho intervening spaces had to be filled ¡up witl clothes, io., .while tho Indian, scarf had been wound, ii many folds, around the ohild's body. A fnvorito theory .lnyB.it down as law. that it require two minde .to, produce ono ghost; There must, be,.or ?the ono sido, .tho. power .'of; projection of tho imago-HM the other, that of receptivity. Unless tho mirror, bi ?peciuliy -prcporod, Ibo object, though at "hand, ennno becomo-visible. .' Yet,' boro is an example of the substi- tution of- ono, ? certainly ' in no -such conditions- o: special-preparedness, for another unquestionably inter .sted. . _ Colonel M-, whó porished, with a party, of his mor in tho lamentable burning' of a transport-on hor voyag« to tho Crimea, was woll known to the writer. ,M was a mnn'of tho coolest nervo;-of the most -imperturb ablo.self-posscssion. It wns his habit to sit up.late, rend ing.t'in-tho chamber of'his invalid - wife, after the latter lind rctircd:to bed. -One-night Mr M-having fallen asleop, the door opened, and her maid, Luoy, who lind beohnont home1 ill, to tlio'cha'rge of hor-friends,1 View : days before, ontorcd tho room. -Perfectly conscious, us ho declared, from the first, that tho object he bohcld was not of tliisWorld,' -tho steady - s'oldior fixed his oyes on tho apparition, careful only to catch its overy movement, mid impress the ivholo' scene with accuracy on his niouiory, Theflgiirà' moved slowly to tho side of tho bed, ' gazed with osad and'wistful expression on tho sleeper's face, »nd ' then',' ' as though reluctantly, died'away into, thia gloom. Colonol M-then uwoko his wifoj and related what ha'd o'courrbd; Thohpur was noted, and proved to bo precisely fliat at which the poor girl had breathed her lost, murmuring hor mistress's namo. "' -.Some.twenty years ago, tho attention éf Sir M-i-and Lady S^^- was attracted ' to tho friendless position of a little orphan boy. So' great wus tÜo interest with which he inspired'them both, that 'thoy took ontiro charge of his futuro, giving him kn excellent education, and at a pro- per ago, .introducing him, on his' own earnest request1, int o'.the navy. ¡ Several years'passed during which tho Toung man-advanced-rapidly in professional nnd-genoral Knowledge, and was to all appearance on the outset of a prosperous , career, when, ono rude November night, about half-past twelve, tho inmntos of Lady S-'s countrxihouse, at which' she WOB thou residing, in the absence/abroad of Sir M--, were aroused by aloud ringing at tile1 bell. : Lady S-, hersolf awakened, . heard fhe stop., of her stately {old butler moving in por sori to ascerloiri'who could possibly bo arriving at such on hour.-,-A long puuso siiccoodod ¡ after'which tho butler was'henrd reascending to his' npnrtmmt., Lady S-'e ouriosity was sufficiently aroused to induce her to eliminan her maid, who slept in an adjoining room, and sent her to question the butler ns to t^o untimely visitor. Tho answer returned wns, timi, on opening tho door, no ono wai to; be seen. . Tho night, though rough, was uot xery dork,.and neithor on tho gravelled approach, nor on tho broad lawns, could bo discerned a living thing. But for BO many having heard the bell, tho btitlor wsuld have imagined it a dream. : Gradually the household .resumed its ropojo, when, at , two o'clock,. a second' summons ? startled' cvorybody.' Tiler« waa no mistaiihg now, for th* bell had not oeutd ' ¡i3.irapatient..T¡br»t¡on*-whon Hie-butler, -with-aeveral ,otlier servants set food on the (tain. Again the storm ,dttahed into tho house, and nothing, but tho storm. No duunan shape was visible without, nor were any foot ¡prints to- be traced .on the smooth gravel aboltorod hy tho poroh. As they wore about to eloso tho door for tho second time, Lady 8--'sruaid appeored on the land- ing, and beckoned, with a white scared face, to thoso below. . *' Como up-come up, somebody ! My lady has seen Mr D-. I dare not stay thora alono 1" ; It was in cfleot, as she had sn id. Immediately after the group of servants had descended tho stairs, Lady S-had ' seen tho figure of young I) standing at the foot of her-bcd. Believing at the mo ' meut that it was actually himself, sho had acoostod him : " What, Edward,' you hero?" : The figure immediately disappeared. News shortly arrived that tho young man liad perished at sea on.that wild November night betweon the hours of twelve und two. I Tho following singular story, belonging, perhaps, more strictly to the realm of dreams'than vision«; was related tp tho writer, a short time sin co, by the lady of a dis- tinguished German diplomatist, now living at Frankfort.' fija, friend of the narrator had horself.a' beloved and at- tached friend, who died after o brief but severe intervol of suffering. A short time ofter. tho spirit of tho de- 'j parted stood, in a dream, by tho bedside of her friend; Madame L-, and, with a countenance distorted with indescribable agony, implored the latter tó;intérest in ? her bohalf some "groat strong soul,"1 that might wrestle for her iu prayer, and- emancipate the afflicted spirit, if ? it might bo, from its present intolerable con- dition. This condition sho described as ono of an eager longing to . repent; . but of perpetual ; contention . with some terrible hindrance, only removable ^through tho means suggested.; .Much troubled ? in mind, Madame I»--, after some deliberation, resolved to appeal'to tim strongest and most -ardent soul'-within the range of Mfr., acquaintance, in the person of--, 'sometimes called the ". German Luther.'1 ? To him, accordingly,1 she made hor appeal. Tho good-man consented, and re- deemed his promise with characteristic zeal. ¡Soon after, tho apparition -revisited Madame L-. Thia, time with aspect more, composed,, but still mnrked with traces of suffering and anxiety, and warmly, thank iùg her friend for what had been already' done, and ad- jured her, in tho most touching language (repeated by tho narrator with wondorful. power, and, pathos), to prevail1 upon tho zealous intercessor to engage once more-but onco again-in'praycr, oh her behalf. Madame L-, dc'oply moved, did us she was rcauested, nnd wrote ut once to--,who happened at this time to be absent at tho distance of two days'journoy.. iOn tho third night, the spirit once moro,stuod by-her friend's side, with an aspect of completo tranquillity, and surrounded »Uli angclio radiance, declaring that all was nOW Well. '.' ' Two days,more, and--burst into Madame L-'s presence^ pule, aiid greatly agitated. i"\Vomun, Woman !"-ho. exclaimed, what hare you done? For no reward that could be .proposed to mo would I endure such another hour of conflict and agony as that which mycora'plianco' with your request lias caused mo.". Hothen proceuded to relate that, having-though with some reluctance-engaged, in prayer as ho was -de eirod, he felfas though ut once environed bylalltho pow ors of evil.' Nevertheless, with reeling brain nnd bursting heart, and all but ororcomo, he steeled himself, to the very, utmost, and, struggling on .through .unutterable mental torturo, at length regained his calm.' '.Hut never moro, foi) him, such fearful championship 1 . . . Without entoring moro deeply into discussion, of this last oxumplo, it may be enough to hint that a solution might probably bo found in tho collision of. two , ardent and Impressible natures, devoted, for tho moment, with intense eagerness to a common object. i,t. A broad distinction, of courso,. lies between , cases of more cerebral excitement and such as wo lmvo boforo ad duped. Hallucinations nro as fully recognised, if not quito so common, as oólds in tho head.. Few , of thoso who must hare uoticod tho twitch or toss of tho head ncauliar to tho Into eminent counsel. Mr. B-.wore aware that it waa engendered bj a perpotunl vision of a rav!en perched on his loft shoulder. A gentleman now residing in Broadway, Now York, transacts business daily under the immediate supervision of his groat' undo, who, in a laced coat and rullles^ occupies a largo arm- chair placed oxpressly to receivoihe honoured vision. \- However, tho purposo.of this paper being rather to sug- gest than to demonstrate, ono ugh has been'said, we think, to show that inquiry is better than ridiculo, that tho ob object of relating "ghost storys" is not to propagate idle falsehood, but to elicit philosophic truth / nnd if thero bb among our renders ono whoso nerves are not trust-worthy it may comfort that individual to know that,,.in,'our ex- perience, none who have beeii tho subject of what (until we bettor comprehend their nature)^ must be, called extra natural visitations, hovo over, at tho trying moment, ox-, penanced tho slightest agitution br fear. Tho, ¡uforenee,' is, that the witnesses themselves aro1-albeit "unconscious, of tho fact-intimately concerned in tho. production of thoso phenomena which they have boon hitherto disposed to attribute to influences entirely indépendant of their own bodily and niuntul organisation. -from All the Year I líound. I 