TOPICS OF THE DAY. Owing to the extraordinary space occupied by our report of the Moonta proceedings, on Friday last, much local matter and miscellaneous reading has been unavoidably held over. Amongst the papers just laid before Parliament is tho following, from the Duke of Newcastle, on the subject of troops for South Australia. Addressing His Excellency, the Duke eaye—" I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your despatch No. 67, of the 26th October, from which it appears that while the colonists are cordially desirous of retaining a email body of Her Majesty's troops, they are ready to submit with cheerfulness to their temporary with drawal for the protection of a neighboring colony. I have received with much pleasure this account of the state of feeling in South Australia. I do not abandon the hope that the state of New Zealand may render it soon possible to return the troops who have been dispatched thither; and, in the meantime, Ido not think die risks suggested by Brigadier-General Chute, of foreign aggression or an extensive conflagration, are sufficiently imminent to warrant the present dis patch of another regiment from England to Aus tralia." We have been favored by the Postmaster-General with the following particulars of mails dispatched on the 27th May per contract packet:—London via Marseilles 4 boxes, 1,711 letters, 325 papers, 25 registered letters included.' London via Southamp ton 51 boxes, 7,392 letters, 8,148 papers, 223 regis tered letters included. India, China, Cape of Good Hope, Mauritius, and Mediterranean Forte 38 boxes, 499 letters, 380 papers, 3 registered letters inclnded. Western Australia 2 boxes, 200 letters, 149 papers, 2 registered letters included. The services in connection with the reopening of die North Adelaide Congregational Church were continued on Sunday, May 29. The Rev. J. Gardner, of Chalmers' Free Church, preached in the morning, and selected for hie text the 31st verse of the 9th chapter of Acts:—"Then had the churches rest throughout all Judaea, and Galilee, and Samaria, and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multi plied." His chief thoughts were the state of the churches—"then had the churches rest;" the result of the state —they were edified and multiplied; and the connection between the state and the result. In closing his sermon he pointed out to the congregation how, by " walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost," their church might possess a spiritual beauty that would even enhance its material beauty. The Rev. J. Cope, of the North Adelaide Wesleyan Chapel, officiated in the after noon, the Rev. J. Jefferia conducting devotion. Mr. Cope chose as the basis of his discourse the words from die 16th verse of the Ist chapter of Romans:— " For lam not ashamed of the Go?pel of Christ; for it is die power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." In an eloquent and effective sermon he dwelt upon die baneful effects of sin, and die transforming and sanctifying influences of the Gospel, concluding his remarks by appealing to the mare generate to listen to the offers of mercy as revealed to them in the Scriptures. In die evening die Rev. J. Jefferis, pastor of the church, conducted the service, and delivered a powerful discourse founded upon die 4th verse of die Ist chapter of Luke :—" That thou mighteet know die certainty of those things wherein thou hast been instructed." He spoke upon the heads —die basis of Christian truth and die demand* of die age upon the Christian teacher. In pointing out die duties of die Utter he 6sid there should be a stern repression of subordiaateltruths —an intelligent exposition of die highest truths —and a calm and loving defence of saving truth. The congregations were very good, particularly in the evening, when about 1,000 persons were present. Not only was every seat filled but all the available space was occu pied, including die aisles, &c; The collections were as follow:—Morning, £22; afternoon, £12 10a.: evening, £137 10a.; making total, including Friday's service, of £207 10s. A sale of useful and fancy articles takes place this day, and will be continued to-morrow, when the tea and public meeting will be held in the evening. TheLubra towed the George Washington to the ballast-ground, Port Augusta, on Thursday, pre viously to her departure. The traction-engine arrived, having been 10 days coming 40 miles. She started with about nine tons, but part of this was obliged to be discharged on the road. It is considered that they are altogether a failure ; two of them are already disabled and the other will have to be repaired before it can proceed. The police have arrested a man named Edward Frampton on a charge of attempting to commit suicide. The prisoner will be brought before Mr. Beddome this morning. By an. advertisement, in another column, it wul be eeen that a large panorama, illustrating many cele brated places in Europe and America, will be exhi bited for die first time, this evening, at White's Room. There was a very large attendance at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday night. The entertainments commenced with die pretty drama entitled "Vic torine, or Til sleep upon it;" Miss Gougenheim performing the part of the heroine. A ballet divertisse ment succeeded, in which the Chambers' Juvenile Troupe appeared, and little Miss Marie Nathan, who is stated to be only three years old, danced a sailor's hornpipe, and was loudly applaunded, and encored. The performances concluded with die farce of die " Irish Tutor," in which Mr. Shute played the part ol Dr. O'Toole with great applause. This evening the celebrated drama of the " Willow Copse" will be pro duced. The remains of the late Mr. Daniel Ferguson "were interred on Saturday in the West-terrace Cemetery. The funeral procession consisted of about 30 vehicles, in which we noticed die Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. P. Santo), Mr. T. Magarey, Mr. J. Frew, several of the members and officers of the Central Road Board, and numerous other friends of die deceased. The burial service was performed by die Rev. John Gardner, who delivered a short but suitable and impressive address, in die course of which he referred to the un disputed sway that death exercised over the entire race of men, and he then dwelt upon die rich conso lations which the Gospel of Christ afforded. He concluded the service by offering prayer. Mr. Fer guson was 68 years of age. The funeral arrange ments were under die management of Mr. Peter Cray. We have eeen copy of a petition now being signed for presentation to die Legislature praying that die 25 milpa of road known as die Great North-road, and formerly on die schedules of main lines, mayba re-constructed. The petitioners not only advance the various reasons so well-known to all who advocate the replacement of this line on die eeheiule, but add several others of considerable force. Certainly die allegations of the petitioners are deserving of the unprejudiced attention of the Parliament. The Collector of Customs has seized a quantity of gunpowder in one of our mercantile firm's stores in consequence of the amount being in excess of that allowed by law for storage within the boundaries of die city. An information has been laid against the firm, and the case will come before the Adelaide Police Court next Monday. Captain Randall, of the Bogan, on his way from the Murnnnbidgee to Wentworth, passed a large punt 100 feet long and 30 broad, intended to be stationed at Wentworth. 