TOPICS OF THE WEEK. Prom the answer of the Attorney-General to the question of Mr. Strangways, it appeared that the person convicted of cattle stealing and sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment ou the 7th December, 1863, had been, pardoned and released on the 23rd March, 1864 ; and that the Judge who presided at the trial had not recommended the pardon of the individual. A large number of notices of motion were tabled on Tuesday in the House of Assembly, several of which were of an important nature. Mr. G. S. Kingston gave, on Tuesday, a notice of motion, calling the attention of the Government to the fact that Mr. Justice Boothby is calling in ques tion the validity of the Constitution Act and other matters ; and asking the Government whether they intend to take any action with a view of validating the legislation of the colony. Amongst the papers just laid before Parliament is I the following, from the Duke of Newcastle, on the subject of troops for South Australia. Addressing Ills .Excellency, the jjuKe says — ' i. have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your despatch No. 67, of the 26th October, from which it appears that while the colonists are cordially desirous of retaining a small body of Her Majesty's troops, they are ready to submit with cheerfulness to their temporary with drawal for the protection of a neighboring colony. I have received with much pleasure this account of the state of feeling in South Australia. I do not abandon the hope that the state of New Zealand may render it soon possible to return the troops who have been dispatched thither ; and, in the meantime, I do not think the risks suggested by Brigadier-General Chute, of foreign aggression or an extensive conflagration, are sufficiently imminent to warrant the present dis patch of another regiment from England to Aus tralia.' Wfl ViBTTft Jififirrl til fit, tVifi TTnTi. ft. T7. Atktbh hna forwarded to the pastor of the North Adelaide Con gregational Church a cheque for £50 in aid of the building fund, with an excuse for hie non-attendance at the meeting on Tuesday last. The following is a comparative statement of the transactions in the Lands Titles Office for the month of May in the years 1863 and 1864 :— 1863\. 1864. Applications ? 101 120 Transfers ? 69 113 Mortgages ? 74 66 Leases ? 20 22 Transfer mortgage ? 0 2 Discharges ? 32 43 Powers of Attorney ... 2 3 Caveats ... ... ... 5 3 Encumbrances ... ... 1 0 Transfer of lease ... ... 3 1 Surrender do ? 3 2 Schedule of Trusts ... 1 3 Transmissions ... ... 1 4 Total transactions ... 312 382 Pees of Office ... £342 9s. Od. £437 15s. Od. Value of land brought under Act ? £53,516 £56,244 A special meeting of the shareholders in the Campbell's Creek Silver-lead Mining Company, Cape Jervis, was held at the offices of the Company on Wednesday, June 1. The visiting Directors' and and mining reports were read, and, after discussion, a call of Is. per share was agreed upon, payable on the 30th June, instead of the sixpenny call previously made due at that date. The report from the mine on the 30th. states ' that five tons of very solid rock ore was raised last week by the men sinking Cooking's shaft ; that the lode was two feet in width and con tinued of a most satisfactory character as they in creased in depth; the dressing floors are filled with crushed ore waiting the completion of the tie, when it will be washed and bagged up for shipment.' Among our telegrams will be found a list of the entries for the Melbourne Cup. It will be seen that 35 horses have been entered, among which are several of Mr. H. Fisher's celebrated stock. On Wednesday evening, June 1, the first of a series of literary entertainments was held at the Ken sington. Institute. The attendance was very small. The chair was taken by Mr. A. Stow, M.P. A paper was read by Mr. T. B. Bruce on Dickens. The lecturer's selections from Dickens' s works were ex ceedingly well delivered and chosen. They elicited frequent bursts of laughter, especially Sam jWeller's Valentine. Recititations were delivered by Mr. Ashwin, Mr, Doolette, and Mr. Coombes in a very creditable manner. Mr. E. T. Sabine read a paper on Byron and his works. The quotations from his writings were numerous. Mr. Sabine referred to the early career, misfortunes, and great talent of Byron, and concluded by reciting several of his best poems. A vote of thanks to the lecturers and the chair con cluded the proceedings. A correspondent at Mount Lofty sends us the fol lowing : — ' On the 22nd and 23rd instant, the anni versary services of the Sunday School in the above place were held. Sermons were preached morning and evening by Messrs. C. Dmmmond and J. Lee, the children being examined in the afternoon by the Superintendent, Mr. J. G. Young. On Monday, the usual entertainment was given, a large number of young persons availing themselves of the opportunity, and evidently enjoying themselves highly. The public meeting in the evening, presided over by Mr. W- Vince, and addressed by Messrs. Lee, Drummond, Radford, Collins, Gore, Young, Natt, Kidney, and Fisher, passed off with great eclat. On Tuesday the members and friends of the Institute were regaled with a rich intellectual feast, in the shape of a lecture by the Kev. J. Maugban, of Adelaide, on ' The general properties of matter,' illustrated by beautiful apparatus and experiments. The audience, though, not so large as it would otherwise have been, owing to the rain falling at the time, evidently enjoyed it much, if the frequent hilmat.a e\t nnnlnriaa «nrl Tiparfctr vnf.fi nf t.Tlfl.nlrfl R.t fjlft conclusion are any test. Mr. W. Vince, the newly elected Vioe-President, took the chair. There was a large attendance at White's Rooms on Wednesday evening to see Messrs. Cressy and Ayers' ' Pantecnatheca.' The first;part consisted of views in America, and commenced with several representa tions of public buildings in the City of Washington very spiritedly executed. Next followed the cele brated Falls of Niagara and the surrounding scenery, the Mammoth Cave in Kentucky, the White Moun tains, and other fine scenes. The Becond part of the entertainment was a panorama of a voyage from New York to Liverpool, which was remarkably successful, and the mechanical effects introduced of the rising of the moon, a storm at sea, and of the sunrise, were very clever, and loudly applauded. A view was given afterwards of London, which was the least successful of the representations, but perhaps shewed as much of the enormous city as any single picture could do. The scenes on the Ehine and in Italy were, we think, the best of all exhibited during the evening. A view of the great eruption of Mount Vesuvius, in the year 79, concluded the evening's entertainment, after which the proprietors distributed a number of presents to the prizeholders among the audience. We can recom mend this series of panoramas as being really well worth seeing, especially for young people ; but their seniors will find also that many of the scenes are ex ceedingly well painted, and that a great deal of work and skill has evidently been bestowed upon them. The exhibition generally deserves a visit. We should mention tnaii JM.r. uuiiy i* uruiau uresiuuu at iiiu puiuu forte, and played a great deal of pretty and popular music during the evening. A meeting of the shareholders in the Moonta Mining Company was held on Wednesday at the offices of the Company, when the following resolutions were passed : — ' 1st.' In consequence of the miners with drawing from their engagements to work under the direct orders of the Directors, and refusing to abide by the verdict of the Directors in the oase of Captain William Warmington, the shareholders recommend that the Board decline to give a verdict in that case until the miners resume work under the Directors, and engage to abide by their decision. 2nd. That should the men continue to refuse to resume work, the proprietors request the Directors to obtain labour elsewhere.' We understand that these resolutions were moved and seconded by shareholders not con nected with the Directory. Mr. Martin, of the Fellenberg School, writes to in form us that in a few days a trial of the new explo sive compound will be made at the Glen Osmond quarries. Mr. M. also promises to send us a sample of the ' stuff,' and assures us we shall run no risk of being blown up, an assurance, by the way, alto gether unnecessary, for we have been ' blown np ' so often that we have ceased to care about it. At a meeting of electors of Mount Barker, held at Strathalbyn, Messrs. Rogers, D. Gollan, and J. M. Linklater, were severally nominated as persons likely to be suitable candidates, and requisitions will, we believe, be sent to each, inviting attendance at a public meeting. Our advertising columns have contained notice of the formation of a new Company for the purpose of manufacturing an explosive compound, to be used instead of gunpowder in mining operations and other purposes where blasting is required. The prospectus states that the discovery was the result of experiments made in America. On ascertaining the value of the discovery patents for the invention were obtained In various countries. The patent in South Australia was granted to Mr. James Jacobs, the inventor, in October, 1863, and is the property of Messrs. James Jacobs, Thomas martin, ana Simon L. Sibley, of Willunga. The prospectus states that the proprietors are practically acquainted with its advantages, having manufactured and used it at the Willunga slate quarries for more than a year. ' In case of accidental ignition during the process of manufacture, or after completion, or when in store by retailers, it produces no sudden explosion likej common gunpowder, but burns gradually, and may \ be extinguished, by throwing water on the burning 1 substance. It is therefore not even so dangerous in the retailer's store, or elsewhere, as lucifer matches, kerosine, and similar substances are known to be.' The proprietors state that ' owing to the peculiar composition of the new compound, the smoke is very limited in quantity, and passeB off with rapidity. It scarcely interferes with the ordinary atmosphere, and neither renders it unwholesome nor unpleasant. While, therefore, the time of the workman is econo mised by the use of this . material, instead of the common gunpowder, his health is also promoted.' It is said that the compound can be manufactured and sold in Adelaide at less per lb. than the common powder is sold at in England. By the Havilah we have our intercolonial papers to the following dates : — Melbourne, May 28 ; Sydney, May 23 ; Brisbane, May 19 ; Launceston, May 24 ; Hobart Town, May 23 j Otago, May 18 ; Auckland, May 7. [ We have seen copy of a petition now being signed for presentation to the Legislature praying that the 25 miles of road known as the Great North-road, and formerly on the schedules of main lines, may be re-constructed. The petitioners not only advance the various reasons so well-known to all who advocate the replacement of this line on the schedule, but add several, others of considerable force. Certainly the allegations of the petitioners are deserving of the unprejudiced attention of the Parliament. On Sunday, May 29, the annual sermons on behalf of the Church Extension or Home Mission Fund, were preached in Pirie-street Wesleyan CbapeL In the morning, the Rev. S. Ironside, recently from New South Wales, occupied the pulpit, and took for bis text the 16th verse of the 3rd chapter 1st epiBtle of Timothy — ' And without controversy great is the mystery of Godliness. God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, received np into glory.' The discourse was a calm and logical' exposition of the text, and the importance of retain ing and propagating all the fundamental truths of Christianity was urged in a striking and affectionate manner upon the congregation. The Rev. J. Wats ford preached in the evening from the 32nd verse of 17th chapter of St. Luke— ' Remember Lot's Wife.' The preacher, who was evidently suffering from a severe cold, after describing the circumstances of Lot at the time his wife was suddenly taken from. uiin, cuviaea nis suojeci into inree divisions — her sin. her privileges, and her punishment ; and ap plied the solemn lessons to be derived from the sub ject in bis usual earnest and impressive manner to his hearers. The congregations were very good, and the collections amounted to £25. The annual meeting in connection with this Fund will be held on Monday, June 26 A correspondent sends us the following : — ' A cricket match came of at Alberton, between the Alberton and Young Australian Cricket Clubs, on May 24. The latter left Adelaide by the quarter past 9 train, arriving on the ground about half-past 9\. Play commenced at 10 o'clock by the Albertons going to the wickets first, where they were not allowed to stay long, being put out for the small score of 25. The Young ' Australians then went in, where they stood till they made 54, of which J. in again, and, with some good play, ran up a score of 56\. The fielding on both sides was very good. Mr. H. Roberts acted as umpire for the Alberton, and Mr. G. Gooden for the Young Australians. The latter won with seven wickets to fall.' The services in connection with the reopening of the North Adelaide Congregational Church were continued on Sunday, May 29. The Rev. J. Gardner, of Chalmers' Free Church, preached in the morning, and selected for his text the 31st verse of the 9th chapter of Acts : — 'Then had the churches rest throughout all Judaea, and Galilee, and Samaria, and were edified ; and walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multi plied.' His chief thoughts were the state of the churches — ' then had the churches rest ;' the result of the state — they were edified and multiplied ; and the connection between the state and the result. In closing bis sermon he pointed out to the congregation how, by ' walking in the fear of the Lord, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost,' their church might possess a spiritual beauty that would even enhance its material beauty. The Rev. J. Cope, of the North. Adelaide Wesleyan Chapel, officiated in the after noon, the Rev. J. Jefferis conducting devotion. Mr. Cope cbose as the basis of his discourse the words ' For I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ ; for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth.' In an eloquent and effective sermon he dwelt upon the baneful effects of sin, and the transforming and sanctifying influences of the Gospel, concluding his remarks by appealing to the unre generate to listen to the offers of mercy as revealed to them in the Scriptures. In the evening the Rey. J. Jefferis, pastor of the church, conducted the service, and delivered a powerful discourse founded upon the 4th verse of the 1st chapter of Luke : — ' That thou mightest know the certainty of those things wherein thou hast been instructed.' He spoke upon the heads — the basis of Christian truth and the demands of the age upon the Christian teacher. In pointing out the duties of the latter he said there should be a stern repression of subordiaatejtruths — an intelligent exposition of the highest truths — and a calm and loving defence of saving truth. The congregations were very good, particularly in the evening, when at least 1,200 persons were present. Not only was every seat filled but all the available space was occu pied, including the aisles, &c.; The collections were as follow : — Morning, £22 ; afternoon, £13 ; in the evening, £139 10s. ; making a total, including Fri day's service, of £210. On Monday afternoon and evening a small sale of UBeful articles, chiefly the product of the Ladies' Working Society, was held in the schoolroom below the North Adelaide Congregational Church. The proceeds of the day amounted to £2O. The sale was continued on Tuesday, and among the articles offered we noticed several photographic pictures, kindly presented by Mr. T. Duryea and the Adelaide Photographic Company. We observed in particular an excellent likeness of the interior of the Church, and of Mr. Jefferis' s house, both of which were taken by the Company. At the usual meeting of the Philomathic Society, held at the Institute, on Wednesday evening, a paper was read by Mr. S. Tomkinson on the ' British Par liament.' Mr. Tomkinson commenced by giving an account of the constitution and proceedings of Par liament, and then went on to sketch rapidly the various administrations from the death of Lord Liverpool to the present time, during which period he said he had taken great interest in politics and Parliament. In concluding he urged upon the mem bers of the Philomathic Society the importance of taking an interest in, and being well informed as to, the parliamentary movements in England, pointing out the advantage of possesBing a wider range of in formation than was to be gained from a knowledge of local affairs only. At the conclusion of the lecture a vote of thanks to Mr. Tomkinson was moved by Mr. W. Cavenagh, M.P., seconded by Dr. Charles Clark, and carried by acclamation. The last named gentleman and several members of the Society hav ing expressed a strong hope that the lecturer would on some future occasion read another paper on the subject, describing more particularly the leading statesmen of the day, Mr. TomMnsou kindly con sented to comply with the request. The meeting then broke up. The Lubra towed the George Washington to the ballast-ground, Port Augusta, on Thursday, pre viousiy io ner departure, xne iracuon-engine arrived, having been 10 days coming 40 miles. She started with about nine tons, but part of this was obliged to be discharged on the road. It is considered that they are altogether a failure ; two of them are already disabled and the other will have to be repaired before it can proceed. We learn that the nominations for the two vacan cies in the House of Assembly will take place on Wednesday, June 8. It is reported that the new Estimates will contain provision for enlarging the present Houses of Par liament. At the meeting of the Municipal Council, held on Monday, it was agreed to prepare and forward to Her Majesty an address congratulatory upon the birth, of an heir prospective to the throne of England. Several letters were received and dealt with accord ing to their merits. The tender of Andrew Jones for making three iron mud carts at £39 11s. 8d.each was accepted. There were 24 applications for the situa tion of Sanitary Inspector ; but the appointment was held over till next meeting. After much discussion it was resolved that the boy in the Surveyor's de partment should be retained to the' end of the pre sent year at a salary of 15s. per week. Captain Randall, of the Bogan, on bis way from the Murrumbidgee to Wentworth, passed a large punt 100 feet long and 30 broad, intended to be stationed at Wentworth. It will be seen from the Police Magistrate's deci sion that ' long loaves' are not 'fancy bread,' and must therefore be full weight. Eailwat ExTENsioN.—The Government will ask forthe sum of £107,650;for their proposed scheme of Railway Extension, as under :— Branch line from Dry Creek to Port Adelaide, £40,000; bridge over railway at Morphett-street, and approaches thereto. £9,500; new workshops at Bowden, £20,000 ; running shed for protection of engines at Kapunda, £3,000; 50 new waggons, £8,000 ; spring buffers to present waggons, £700 ; extra accommodation for grain, &c;, at Kapunda, £2,100; ditto, Freeling, £1,200 ; ditto, Gawler, £1,800; ditto, Salisbury (in addition to £500 already voted), £150 ; three new engines, £13,500 ; 30 sets wheels and axles, axle guards, boxes, brasses, and springi, £1,600 ; 200 tons of rails for repairs, with chairs, &c;, £2,900 ; four miles of cross sleepers, £1,400 ; two miles of longi tudinal sleepers, to wear out present bridge rails, £1,300; painting, cleaning, and repairs to stations, *65Q0, Tot*!, £1,07,650. 