THE TURF. RANDWICK AUTUMN MEETING OS1 18M. PATUOS ;-Ilia Excellency tho Ritiht lion. Sir John Yoim-f, Bart., Ki C.B., nml G.C.M.G., «fcc, io., io. PRESIDENT :-Tho lion. E. Doua Thomson, O.B., Sec., &c;, &e.; VICE PRESIDENT :-Mr Judgo Choelto. STEVCABDS :-Tho lion. E. Dous Thomson, C.B. ; George Rowloy, Esq..¡ W. M. Arnold, Esq., M.P ¡ Thomas Icol', Esq. ; und Wm. M'Quade, Esq. JunOE AND HANDICAPPER :-John Iiaukoy, Esq., M.P, TUKASUUEU AN» SrAirrjm :-Olías. Murtyn, Esq. CLEUK OP TUE ConitsB ¡-W. G. Ilonfroy, Esq. HoaoBABT SECUETAUV.-Buchan Thomson, Esq. 1 here has been little or no business in the way of betting at Tattersalls (luring the past week, notwithstanding the additional interest imparted lo the Grand Handicap, St Leger, and Queen's Plate hy the presence of Mr Hurtle Fisher's mare, the Rose of Denmark. The favorite dlcutta Sweeps were, however, extensively indulged in, being largely taken in fives ami ones. On Wed- nesday evening, Tarragon and the Rose seemed to be equally fancied for the Handicap, the for- mer perhaps holding first place, especially towards thc end of the meeting, when £500 to £100 was offered against Mr FISH BBS mare, but there weie no takers. The entries gave promise of a good field shewing for each event, and the most san- guine expectations were indulged in that the Randwick Meeting of 18G4 would be fully equal, if not superior, to any ol its predecessors, in good sport, while the hopes of pleasure-seekers, and those who had speculated on the strength of their support-such as boothholders, cte,-were cheered by the prospect of fine weather, and a corresponding increase of enjoyment for the one, and patronage for the other. FIRST DAY, THURSDAY, Apmii 28TH. With every desire to ensure our." Life" against anything " stale, flat, and unprofitable," we wended our way to tfie Randwick "trysting place" on the summit of a " bus," and with an agreeable sensation of "some'ut," remarkably like sunshine, " dousing" our editorial "glims," arrived at thc conclusion both of our judgment and journey, by being led to believe (as we do still) that " all that (glitters is not gold," and when the " sun shines" it is not always possible to '* make hay." ' We regret to say that the attendance on the first, day of thc races wai by no means as large as might have been expected; in .fact, it was so small, compared with that on the occasion of the recent Infernational Cricket Match, (on .'the Domain and all through the rain,) that we are re- luctantly compelled to believe that our sport loving c imniunity prel'er wet weather to dry when they want to enjoy themselves. However, ex- cepting the comparative paucity of the attendance, in every other respect the first day's racing was prolific of gratification to every true lover ot sport ; and the truth of our assertion will be doubtless endorsed by those of our readers vt ho 'were there, and made manifest to those who were not, when we have completed our report. The great feature of the day was, of course, the Grand Handicap, and curiosity was at its height ns to how the Victorian mare, Rose of Denmark, would conduct herself in ' competition vyith the finest cracks of the New "South Wales stables, who were brought together to contend for the palm of victory. She is a very good looking chestnut, and, "doubtless, has plenty of the right stufl' in her, though, to thc confusion of many ol the " knowing one.6','" in this event she was not even placed, and had not the ghost of a chance either with Tarragon (heavily weighted ns he was), Kyogle, or Rioter. t -"^St Tlie road was shorn ofjhose peculiar fea'ure« of interest, in thc shj^njuEij " rummy turn outs,' unpractised cquestriansjipjid dashing equipages, winch used to form such lively and amusing features in former '.meetings ; cnbs-aud .bu'sw with, now and then, a private carriage, being thc -priii'ipal conveyances visible; while in the towt there «< ere none of'those signs 'of'nfe and bustle which have hitherto invariably been tlie prelude to the chief sporting event of the New Soutl Wales'I'm f. \;" . On arriving on the course,- we of course arrivée' .at a sensational modicum of O'Grien's, superna- culum, to take the "hedge" ofFoîircomplicatei betting propensities, a complication increasec considerably, by the absence pf one of our re' respected chief " beads," who used'-' to come ou considerably stronger in detail titan we can, ant »hieb compelled us frantically to do all sorts o unconsidered trifles in the way - of backing the remainder against the field, and the winner agains anybody who came in second, or even third-we didn't care which. (Ask any body who was tbere and if he does not know anything about it, wc are prepared to swear that he is perfectly right). Having torn ourselves away frorn the fond em- braces ofadarge section of our admirers, we casi our benignant " eye" on the preparations made for our particular, and the public's general grati- fication, in. the weighing yard, and having duly " weighed" the matter over, have no hesitation in asserting that the appearance of the " nags" trotted out for our inspection, and the Metropolitan Maiden Plate, was most pleasing' " for,to view.'' Sir Patrick, Meteor, and die Dutchman looked in perfect condition, and so, with the exception ol over-stoutness, did Maid of the Oaks". We die] not much fancy Stratford or Master Magus, ane] their running ultimately proved them to be not up to the mark. There did not seem to be much doing among the book-makers on this race, though each nag had its friends, and a few little quiel transactions were effected on the event. The sounds of the National Anthem came float- ing on the breeze, informing us of the arrival ol his Excellency and suite, and ivas almost imme- diately followed by the " warning melody" from our iron-tongued namesake; so, without delay, we hurried on to the grand stand, and " taking a sight" at the scene before us, must confess it was animated and picturesque enough to satisfy the mo3t fastidious, the glorious sunshine lending en- chantment to the vie-v of everybody but the booth-holders, who would have preferred a larger uttendauce and never mind the enchantment. As the day advanced, however, the concourse in- creased, and when the great race was run, there there must have been from 8 to 9000 people pre- sent. The ground was 'in excellent condition, and with a keen sense of coming enjoyment'we took our seats previous to the start for the First Race.-Tho AUIUMN MBTBOPOLITAH Af UPEN PÍATE of 150 sov, together with a sweepstakesof IC gov ouch ; for all maiden' horses (including winners of two-year old stakes) at timo ol entrance ; 1} milo ; no maiden allowanca : penalties for winning after entranco; if once, 6lb j twice or more, 71b; not accumulative ; second borso 80 sov, third horse IS sov ; entrance, 7è sov. Mr J. Eal», Jun's li h. Dutchman, 4 yrs, 8»t.l21b ,.Koora t Ju Ige Cheeked b c Slr Patrick, 3 yr», Tat I llb...-. S E. Lee'» ch f il Md or the Oak», 3 yrs, 7st Sib. 3. Miss Dickson's ch u Btrafford [lato Uocklnnlmm], 4 yrs, Sst Sib Ur De Meslre'sch in llaldeo, 4 yrs, Sst 101b V. Ivory's b h Romance, 3 yrs, 7st I llb Doyle's cu K Meteor, 3 yr«. 7st Sib Onus's b h Fuslleor; 4 yrs, Sst 121b W. Hall's b h Master Maguí, 4 yrs, SstUlb, In this raco Roraauce was scratched. Betting being 4 to 1 against Meteor, or the field, Sir Patrick 3 toi, Haidee and tho others being little thought about ; the Geld being thought the best horse among tho maidens. At tho start tho Maid of the Oaks went off with the lead, closely followed by Fusileer, Meteor, and the other string, Stafford and Magus, all bohind ; in passing thc stand Fusileer was leading, followed by Haidee and Meteor, Sir Patrick being bold hard, Driscoll keeping in good position ; at the rock Iluideo made tho running to tho Dorby coruor, where sho began to drop behind and young Moore on tho Dutchman, wont to the lead. In the straight running, Sir Patrick came up running past tho others, until ho overhauled tho Dutchman when a severe strugglo took place, whip and spur being freely adminis- tered, tho result being that tho Knight of St. Patrick bad to succumb to tho suporior prowoss of tho Dutchman, Maid of tho Oaks third. Wo have to congratulate Mr Kales on his selection of a trainer of euoh undoubted ability as Mr Arkins, whoso proficiency is estabiishod by tho number of winning horses that have given proof of bis efficiency us a first-class tutor. Timo, 3m. 24 socs. Second Race:-Tho FIBST YBAB OP ms FOURTH N. S. "AV. BIENNIAL, for two-yr-olds j three-quarters of a milo. Colts, 8st 71b ; flllios and geldings, Sst 41b. Mr Loder'« br e Tamworth.ll am s ay 1 H. UassuU'sb f Ruby. 2 Lee'« bf I.ody Audley-.;. 3 Checke'«che Dundee Tait's br f drown Duchess Co'ierofl's gr c Voltigeur Town's b r Juanita O'll alley's br c Yattendon Mylue,« b Toolleen Dawn. Tho betting on this nico was rather slack, the public apparently being oxtromoly chory of investing on tho youngsters, Tamworth being the favorite, 3 to 1 on the field being offered. The favorito and Brown Duchess took tho liberty of showing tho other juveniles the way in which they should go, Tamworth politely clearing the way for tho noblo Duchess, who modestly retired in fuvor of that to which all ladies aro so partial, a jewel of tho first water, tho Ruby, in this order, Tamworth kept tho ! lead followed by Ruby, Lady Audley keeping her j secret in tho third place, Voltigeur a bad fourth, Yatten- don boiug scratched. Time, lm 21 secs. Third Raco.-Tho OPTIONAL SELTJNQ STAKES of 3 sov euch, with 60 sov added, for all all horses ; li mile j tho winner to bo sold by miction immediately after tho raco for £75 ; any sum realised in exeoss of that amount to go to tho race fund i if entered not to be sold, to carry 121bs extra ; entrance, £2 10s. Mr Do Mcstre's ch g Potentate. S yrs, Sat 1 Jib .Lamond 1 C. beni'» ro h Wonder, S yrs, 0»t S b . -j ! White's br f Itrunette [late Palm], 3 yrs, 7st I llb ll Isa Dickson's b g Sarsfield, 2 yrs, asl 81b Ur O'Urlcn's ns er c Surveyor, 3 yrs [not to be sold], Sst II lb J. Tait's bf no name, 6 yrs, Ost ¿lb Mr Tait's filly did not Btart and very little hotting wos done, Wonder being the favorite and bets were made at 50 to 20 on tho (fold against bim. At the start it created no great astonishment to see tho big horsojump off with tho load, followed by Potentate and Survoyor, in tliis order they reached the corner, when Potentate went to tho front and maintained his position to the finish, Wondor passing Sarsfield and Surveyor, ran in for second place, Sarsfield third. Time, 2m 23socs. ' Fourth Race.-Tho RANDWICK GBAND HANDICAP SWEEPSTAKES of 25 sov ouch, 10 ft., or 6' only if declured to the hon. sec. on or boforo tho 22nd Febru- ary j 300 sov added j for all horses j 2 miles. Mr Town's b li Tarragon, Syrs, lOst .JUlgRcrson I Dint's br h Kyogle, 6 yrs 8st »lb..-...a Itlclinrds's bh ltlotcr,4y.s Sst.-.a Miss Dickson's blt h Kildare, Sst 71b Mis« Dickson's ch m Zenobia,4 yrs 8st Mr Ivory's br R Oeorcethe First, na«d 8st alb . . ... - Checke's br rn Lady Jane, S yrs 7stCul> "i ? idler's linn Saucebox, 4 yrs 7«t 01b Schofield's ch n Old Junk [late Rantin» Joe], aged 7st Sib Fisher's eh f Rose of Denmark, 3 yrs Ost 71b This was tho great nico ol' tho day, and great was tlio anxiety manifested as the hour approached that WUB to decido tho olaiuis to superiority ot the illustrious rivals that were entered to compete fur tho- prize and the wreath of racing fumo. What added a peculiar intorost to this ruco was tba solicitude ovincod respecting tho performances of Mr Fisher's Rose of Denmark, whoso fnmo as a crack of tho highest order had been duly trumpeted prior to her arrival in tho colony. In the saddling yard tho excitement in connection with this race ran vory high ; tho splendid condition in which tho various nags prosontod themselves to their admirers, added not a littlo to the anticipations that woro formed respecting tho powere of each-tho hotting running high, at about 3 to 1 against Tarragon, 3 to 1 against tho Roso of Denmark, and 6 to 1 aguinst Kyogle, Rioter, and tho others. On making their appearance at tho scratch, ex- pectations stood ou tiptoe, and an unusual anima- tion was apparent' . amongst tho regulars, each hoing evidently strong in the favourable opinion ho Find formed of his particular fancy. Tho scono was certainly nn excititig ono, und formed a fitting prelude to ono of tho most gallantly contested races over witnessod on tho Randwick course. Thostnrt. being effected in excellent stylo, Rioter, with a bold dash undertook the office of pilot, a snug billet, which ho held for more than u tuile and a half, passing tho stand first, followed closely by Zenobia, Kyogle, and the othors in a ruck, tho Rose lying in tho wake, when she was let out, and passing tho rear division, joined the moro seloct company in tho front, causing an outburst of enthusiasm tl mt must havo forcibly reminded English sportsmen pi-eaunt of EpBom on tho Dorby Day, but fuilod to realise tho hope* of lier friends by taking tho lead. On tho second round at tho Derby corner a change of Ministry took place, Rioter being compelled to resign tho seals to Kyogle, who discharged his oillciul duties with his usual ability until within the distance, Hig gorson, who acted as privato Secretary for Turragon, witli his accustomed rush, presented Kyogle with a per- spective view of himself as ho reached tho winning post, in a style that left nothing to bc desired by tito most fas- tidious couuoisscur in racing, Kyogle being second, Rioter third, and thc Roso of Denmark fourth. Throughout tho race was most admirably contested, and guvo unmistakeable ovidenco of tho powers and weight, carrying qualities of oiir colonial bred nags. Expecting air Fisher's maro, it will be seen that our " glimpses of futurity," given in our lust, were verified to tho letter, as rogards tho Rose, whose condition after her so recent sea passage, was not as wo anticipated, suoh as to justify a reasonable hope of her pulling off the honours of the Grand Handicap. Ono thing is, however, certain-the Rose, whon in full bloom, wUl, no doubt, prove a vory dangerous competitor, os sho evidently possesses thoso racing qualities which are ever tho guarantees of success. Time, 3 min. 48 secs. Fifth Raco-The SECOND YBAB or THE TDTBD N. S. W. BiBïiwlAi, for three-yr-olds ; li miles ; colts, 8st 101b ; fillies and geldings, Sst 71b. Mr. Cheekc's br c Ramornie.Drlicoll I J. Bowman'» b f Midnight....". 2 Tonn'a br o Loiterer...,. 3 Checke's br c Slr Patrick . dr \- Sir Patrick was. drawn. Setting 2 to 1 on Ramornie. At the start, Mr Cheoko's colt afforded decided ovidenco that he really meant to go in and win ; and although Loiterer was by no means dilatory in attempting tb se- cure the envied position, he was unable to pass thc colt. At the Leger corner, Loitorer became enveloped in the shades of Midnight, and. being unable to seo his way through the darkness, quietly contented himself with a third place ; the filly making love to Ramornie with an earnestness that deserved a little moro consideration from the ungallant colt, who persisted in his determin- ation in the last few strides to leave his lady -lo vo. Time, 2 min. 54 sccs. The return home recalled more fully 'visions of do parted joys' than the run out, both in the nnmbcr and pace of the vehicles, liveliness of the -visitors and above all, in tho genuine 'dust' which is so peculiarly tho attri- bute of the Randwick Road, when it does not happen to bo muddy. Not a single accident occurred to roar thc pleasure of the day, and those present had the gratifica- tion of witnessing as good a series of races as were ever run on our Metropolitan course, whioh, by tho way, was in excellent condition. TATTERSALLS.-The meeting hore at night was very . numerously attended, though little or no betting was done. The chief business of tho evening was in sweep- stakes on the City Plato, "Volunteer, Pacha, and Kyogle fetching tho highest prices. 