GEELONG CIRCUIT COURT. CRIMINAL SITTINGS. THURSDAY, APRIL 28. (Before Sir William Stawell, Chief Justice.) Mr. Dunn prosecuted for the Crown, as- sisted by Mr. Haverty. ASSAULT WITH INTENT TO DO GRIEVOUS BODILY HARM. Thomas Reynolds pleaded "Not guilty" to committing a murderous and unprovoked assault on an old man named Hunter, near Duneed. This was a very brutal and un- provoked assault by the prisoner, who was quite a lad. The jury convicted the prisoner, and his Honour, remarking on the enormity of the prisoner's guilt, and his thirst for vengeance, said he should not send him on the roads in consequence of his youth, but would inflict such a sentence as would give him ample time for reflection. He then sentenced him to three years' imprisonment, the first week in each alternate month to be spent in solitary confinement. ROBBERY. Thomas Underwood pleaded "Not guilty" to stealing two saddles, the property of Mr. Taylor, Gheringhap-street. The jury con- victed the prisoner, who was sentenced to two years' imprisonment, with hard labour. CHARGE OF ASSAULT WITH INTENT. Daniel McGlynn, who had been committed on a charge of this nature, was put in the dock, and discharged, the Crown Prosecutor having entered a nolle prosequi. ILLEGAL RESCUE. Robert Howcroft was called up on a charge of rescuing sheep seized to be impounded. The Crown Prosecutor said he did not intend to prosecute in this case, and the prisoner was accordingly discharged. CHARGE OF PERJURY. Joseph Thomas pleaded "Not guilty" to a charge of this nature at the private prosecu- tion of one Rebfish. The prisoner was found ''Not guilty," and discharged. CHARGE OF MURDER. Thomas Eva, charged with the murder of an aboriginal named Barney, near Portland, was remanded till next sessions, on the affi- davit of Mr. Higgins, his solicitor. STEALING IN A DWELLING. Isaac Higginbotham. Thomas Dunn, James Parker, and James Foy, charged with being implicated in the robbery of jewellery from the Albion Hotel, were again further re- manded, on the affidavit of Detective Daley, to the next General Sessions. STEALING SADDLERY. John Cuthbertson and Thomas Ryder pleaded "Not guilty" to stealing sundry articles of saddlery from Mr.Thomas Austin's station at Barwon Park. The prisoners were defended by Mr. Armstrong. After a length- ened examination, the jury convicted the prisoner Cuthbertson, in whose employ the lad Ryder had been, and acquitted the latter. His Honour sentenced Cuthbertson to eighteen months' imprisonment with hard labour. The Court then adjourned till next morn- ing, the only other case for trial being that of John Calhoun, charged with fraudulent in- solvency. THE PHANTOM KING - Less than a fort- night had intervened between the landing of Warwick and flight of Edward, and the revo- lution seemed to be complete. The earl met with no resistance at his entrance into Lon- don, where his first act was to open the prison doors which he had himself closed on the unfortunate Henry. Was it a reality or a shadow that came forth to occupy the throne? Six years before, that pale, meek figure, divested of crown, sceptre, and regal apparel, bound with ropes like a convicted felon, had followed him through the streets, amid a jeering multitude, to be immured in the Tower; and now, pale and meek as then \- innocent and imbecile as when, half a century ago, in feeble infancy, presented to the the people of two great realms as their com- mon sovereign - it passed through the same streets, behind the same proud soldier, amid a silent. wondering throng, to be invested anew with the trappings of loyalty, to play the same puppet-like part on a stormy and crowded stage. The grim ghosts of slaugh- tered Talbots, Somersets, and Cliffords, of the many thousands that on French and English around had died in defending the rights of the son of Henry V., would have framed the fittest cortege in this triumph of their phantom-king. - History of Charles the Bold, Duke of Burgundy. 