LAURENCE STERNE. A LIFE Of Sterno, in two vols., from the pen of Porcy Fitzgerald, has recently been issued by Messrs. Chapman emd Hall, London. The .work is this noticed by the Athenroum of 2nd April. In tile last century, when Sterne lived, loved, laughed, and sat for a false portrait of himself for lpostority, there was a sort of rage in France for the adaptation of the E]nglish driinas to the French stage. There was, however, therewith a strong objection to the English fashion of killing hero or heroine, by bowl, dagger, thunderbolt, or bolster, at the close of the play.': When managers ventured to follow the original in this respect, French ladies fainted,. French gentlemen swooned, the pit' howled, and dwellers in paradis hissed. For the sake of French ladies, those catastirophes were changed, tragedies ending; if niotmerrily, at least with murder only in words.. .Yot the dear creatures who shrieked :at thle mimic slaying of a theatrical lover could sitht the open windows on the Place de Grdvo and without wincing, or thllrowing away:'a sigh, gaze on the mortal 'agonies of Damions. They saw the wretched man nailed by iron bands to the table on the .lov platform; they saw his hands amputated, his flosh ftorn by pincers, molten lead poured into the wounds, and finally, the quivering limbs lugged from the' trunk by the king's horses. It was a drama'of several acts, with long intervals; and during those intervals, the amiable French ladies withdrew into their rooms and-played at cards! In many .respects it is w'ith Lauronce Sterne as it wasI with those ladies-or, rather,, he is thus disparagingly ropro sented. -'To-day, weeping over a dead ass; to-morrow, passing unmoved his half starving mothier': at one time cruelly neglecting his own wife, at all times loving ufil~ivfilly' his neighbour's; a man with. his heart in his brains, and therefore a' jinble. of feeling all false, and judgment ever erring. This repre 'sentation of Steanoe is, nevertholess, en tirely contrary to the fact. "But for this Sterne hiniself is'largely responsible. His eno~imies had iii him their most powerful ally. B13~ :his frivolity, vanity, roclklessness, audacity, want of self- control, lalck offote thlouglst, and heooedlesessss, he played into hIis adversaries' hlands, and by lis public cond'utn so much of which could be easily; misconstrued, almost autlorising their denial tlsat he exercised in private any Ohristian virtuie.'' Mr. Fitzgerald stelps forward at this june ture, not to amnegyrieo poor Yorick, but to render hIim ssimplo, yet amiple,. justice,- not to declare that hIis enomies were all slasdorors, but to sliow tit 'they woro fre quently mistaken,--not to denounce those who haveo nmiarked, with microscopic eye, the vices in his charactr, but to demonstrate hIis virtues also. In tie performance of tiis task hlie succeeds all tihe more happily as he addresses hiniself to it dispassionately; and he leaves us .'iwith tli'o impression that Lau ronce Storno lhad much in him of the true man, wiithout attempting to force upon us the conviction that he was a hero. Storne came into the world under ~ cloud, lived in it under mingleod cloud and sunshine, anld left it under a cloud. ; His father, Elisign Rogor, of the 34tlh, had married tlihe widowed daughter of a commissary in Flanders, on 3s. Gd. a day, and Lauronce, the third' child, was born in the barracks at Olonmol, November 24thb 1713, just as his father's regiment, with many others, w.as brolken after tihe peance of Utrecht. ' There was a re-forming of regiments, and Roger was restorod to active service. Laurence's youiig life was chiefly passed.in barracks or on ship-board, quarters being frequently changed, and much painful and ~erilous travel coming of it. His father, after many: jore trials and porpleiities, :bravely borne, for hlie was a courageous and wobrthy little fellow, made but abad endto anot bril liant career. In a duel which he foulht in a roomni at. Gibraltar with Captain Phillips, the laitter "p'put his rapier with such vigour through Lioutenant Sterne's person that ]le actually pioned him to the wall bohind. Then, with infinite lpresence of mind; the little smart man begged of Captain Phillips, with much courtesy, tlhat before withdraw ing.tho blade he would hav tihe politeness to bmrush off any plaster adlhering to tlhe point." The wound, doubtless, heoaledall the' sooner for this, but ;the lieutenant, sliortly after arriving at Jamaica, was at tacked by yellow fever, and heoyiolded to:it straightway. Laurence was then a schoolboy at Halifax, all the more confident that he would make his wa3y in the world, as he had, in county VWieklow, tumbled. into a mill race, been dragged under the wheel, and shot into shallow water, from 'which, he scrambled safely. At' Halifax Free School Lairence remained till ho was well nigh eighteon, studying only by fits and starts, and, according to Mr. Thackeray, " borrow-. ing money, telling lies, and leering at the housemaids," for which leash of alleged' facts \\[r. .Fitzgerald can discover no warrant. Laurence ]had Yorkshire relations, by whom (his mother and family boing in Irelaud) he was sent to Jesus College, Cam bridge, .where he puzzled his tutor and was accounted an .odd .young follow of good parts, which 'only needed a little moro exercise. Ho liad no wish to exercise them in the church, but his wishes were not con sulted. In 1736 he was ordained deacon, and two years later priest. Ho was at York, whore an ancestor of his had been: primate, and whore his uncle, Dr. Jaquos Sterno, was a cathedral dignitary and Laurence's patron, when theoro came thither that Staffordshire onchantress, Elizabeth Lunley, who at once made conquest of his over too susceptible heart. He wooed her with an eager and sincere aflbction, indulged to the utmost in sentimental and romantic love making, and finally married her,-after long coyness and pretty wavering on her part,-wlion ho was vicar of Sutton-in-the Forest and a prebend of York. The year was 17-11. The lady had a small dower of her own, and Storno lihad seated himself in the Inlap of the church, and if this was.not covered with a fringed cushion, it was not wholly nakod. Tlhoro was enough whoro withll a young couple might begin merrily; and there was a hope of preforment to make them all the merrier hereafter. The pre ferment came, but not the mirth with it. Stomrne became a thorough country parson, filling up his leisure hours by painting, musice, fishing, and shooting. He was ratheor too much for his neighbours, who soon discerned that this parson was altogether out of tlhe common way; and he was a. little too much for his wife, who looked from among her household gods, and felt that there was something droll, strange, unao countable, in his humour; but she was totally unable to appreciate or comprehend it.' In the vicinity, his free and plainly out spokon style raised many enemies against him. This was to be expected, for if Yorick hoard of a dirty action, hle called him who did it a dirty fellow, and he was neither a hnnting, drinking, nor swearing parson, but a tall, delicate, weak-chested individual, and the strong-limbed and muscular clergy thought contemptuously of him. They must have watched his sharp, scrutinizing eye with some arnxiety, and heard what fell from his sarcasticelips not without dread. In all othler respects he is, as yet, harm less and void of offence, but paying dearly oven for indulgence in his innocent pursuits. He cultivated, for instance, his own vego tables, with the usual luck of men who:are their own gardeners. "A cartload of tur nips," hle remarks, "-was dear at two hundreod pounds." Inpoetry he was hardly mnore successful; but it was in the exerciso of his vocation, and not in the enjoyments of his leisure hoiurs, that he soon became re markable, WhVhother at Sutton or at York, hle startled his hearers by a grotesqueness and originality in his sermons to which they had never been accustomed. Some of his congregation thought he was laughing in hIis sleeve, others that he was a sort of clerical harlequin. "You often see him," said Gray, "ready to throw his periwig in tie face of the audience." Nevertheless, Gray discorned .the sterling metal with which thosbe brief discourses abounded. Thero was little that was commonplace or dull; they werer, says Gray, "in the style most proper for the pulpit, and show a strong imaginiation and a sensible heart." And therewith Sterne prosplered in a small way; for, in a little time, he held three small livings and three prebends, but with less than as many hundred pounds a year derived from them. With increase of duties and wealth came increase of 'friends and more frequent hours of relaxation. He fell among a rathler wicked set of fellows; under his friend Hall titevenson (the Eugeonius of after days), at Skelton. .Unfortunately, these wicked fol lows were witty also, and loved witin others, and that of Sterne was of a grotesque quality, much more so than his sermons were, and he was nothing loth 'to explode his fantastical fireworks, and receive the ap plause of the wits for his guerdon. Those days were the golden days of Yorkslire Hlarrogate, wheie lively parsons, good fel lows, wealthy aristocrats, and frislcing ladies of every ago abounded. At one table alone the united rental of the guests reached to £60,000. According to the curious etiquette of the day, the ladies found the gentlemen in tea and suguar. Dinner was but a shilling;, sulpper bit sixponco, rooms were gratis, and the best claret was supplied at one shilling' a bottle. Oh, hapIpy, golden days, never to return! Evil .as was the brotherhood at Skelton, or' Crazy Castle, Sterne Iknew how to draw good out of it; for hIe formed closer brotherhood still with the books there quaint, old, rare, grotesque, earnest, sarcastic volumes they were-which were in accord ance with his humour and bent of- mind, and he gained from them matters of fact, and matters for thought, and many out-of - the - way and out - of-the - world ideas, whichhe afterwards turned to good account when' his Tristram .Shandy was' winning for him .the approval of bishops and the 'anathemas of loss dignified mon. The place itself was ancient, his torical, full of wild peculiarity, not to say beauty, and which a subsdquent proprietor, with a modern taste, destroyed. "Thore was a Lord Vorulamil the present century," says the author, in reference to this Vandal .ism,. v who actually loevelled: the fine old mansion of his.great ancestor at St. Albans; and," says Lord Granvillo, witlf a generous contempt that all must syimpathise with, "often ihave I looked at him, in the House of Lords, as he sat:there.in his insignifi cance." Of one of the brotherhood of De moniacs who met at Crazy Castle, Mr. Fitz gerald thus speaks: "Of the Demoniacs was also the Reverend Rlbert Lascelles, one of 'the Harewood family-a sort of joker in orders, quite after Mr. Sterne's own heart-a sort of Cervantic priest. He was known among the brother hood under the style and title of: Panty, wlhich was complimentary to his powers of humour, but scarcely to his cloth-Panty being a familiar contraction from Panta gjruel, one ofaba~lais' heroes. Ho is rarely forgotten' in M:r. Sterno's letters to thle Abbot: ' Greoet Panty most lovingly on my behalf.' ! Salulta amicum .Panty meum, cu.is literis, Ireospondebo.' Panty has a truly Coer vantic 'chime, and does honour to M\r. Steruo's powers of adaptation. He seems to have been.a smoker, too, from a pleasant jeu d'espri't his friend and host made upon what he - called Panty's sweethleart, who had- \- -a light wanton air, As stiff as a stake, and worse for the wear; If her lips are like rubies and warm as a toast, lIer face is as thin and pale s as a ghost. If after all you are hard of belief, And would fainknow her name, then turn over the loeaf. Aud tuirning over th6 leaf, the answer is founud ini the shape of "a clay pipo." The'club, had worse members in it tlhan Panty Lascelles; but the brotherhood geno rally claimed to be as good as any of the out sidess by:whoei it 'was censured. Some of themo were, in plhin pliraso, no better than thsy should be. WhVnt Lady Elizabeth Hastings was prepared .to give £500O for fdunding an infirmary at Yorlk, Dr. Jaques Storne dissuaded her from her design. The revereond and hiyper-tory divine preferred that the sick should grow worse rather thIan that they should be healed in an edifico, the idea of building which came from a disloyal whig quarter! From such illiborality the Demoniacs wore free, and it must be con fessed that they were hardly so bad as their name suggested. As for Dr. Jaques, lihe quorrolled with his nophew Laurence be causeo the latter was weary of writing anti whig sparagraphs in the papers to lploease his uncle. But Lauronc was lnot slow to note the peculiarities of a coertain honest Jacobite, Dr. Burton, in York, and to make himn ab surd and immortal (as Dr. 810p) in the lifo of Tristram Shandy. It was at this period the Shandean humour began to break forth. HTero is a scene at York: "Entering thle George, we find Mr. Stornem sitting with a large company, chiefly gentlemen of the gown, listening with deep offence to a smart young fellow scatter lag his flippances against the young clergy and the whole poe?rsonnel of religion-specially addressing himself to the hypocrisy of ministers. Atlongth, when he has mado an end, he turns to our Laurence, and rashly and besottedly asks if hle does not agree with him. Possibly he interpreted that Voltairoan mouth as being suro to deal with Yoltairean matter. With a twinkle of those eyes, and a lifting of the corner of that ace of-hearts mouth, the young clergyman ig nores the question utterly, and begins to describe a particular pointer of his, reckoned the most beautiful in thle wholo country, but which had one 'infernal trick,' of always flying at clergymen. loHere was warning for the incautious youtlh--lhero was miscliet at the bottom of this apologue, and ihe should draw off while there is yet time. But he must put a question-from sheer embarrass mont, perhlaps: 'How long, sir, may he hlave had that trick ? '--' Sir,' replies the other (and we see Mr. Sterne taking his first Shlarindean sulmmersault), ' ever siecb ee .wa a psleppy!' The witling was crushed, amid the toumultuous applause of gentlemen of the gown. The joke was presently all over Yorkshire. People now begin to respect oven to regard with awe-the man who kept such dangerous petards by him, and will be cautious of offence." 1is house was pleasanter to him than the George Inn, after the birth, in 1747, of the Lydia whom he loved so well, cortainly above any huisnan creature besides. Yet he wandered, sentimentally, from hIis allegiance at home, and the quiet, yet self-willed, and unappreciating lady of it. Mr. and Mrs. Storne undoubtedly showed incompatibility of temper; and from a wife, whoIe had no thing of the sentimental in her nature, Sterne strayed, to pay warm, sentimental homage wher e lhe had reason to think it would be acceptablo. Such homage from the most startling, effective, and humorous preacher in the north, was not without great charms to young women of a particular turn of mind. There was one such in York, Catherine de Fourmantelle, of a Hulguenot family, who resided in thaMt cathedral town with her mother and sister. To this young lady Sterne sent little presents, and wrote letters containing protestations of love, and his best remembrances to her mother. The remembrances balance the protestations, for the letters were received under the mother's sanction, and she in those high-flown days seems to have taken the exaggerated terms of affection as mere soft nothings, rather of a friendly quality than otherwrise, and in nowise improper to be offered or received. On Sterne's side, it may be said, that he revelled in a sentimental courtship of any woman who could appreciate it, and ihe cared not to control his sentimental feelings. In all of it, there was a sort of euphuism, not te be defended or permitted now, but in which there seems to have been no great harm then. Indecorous and dangerous it was, in the highest degree, but the parties concerned and the lookers-on did not think so. Such liberty taken at the present time, with, or rather against, the fitness of such things would ruin the fair fame of the lady, and bring chastisement on the gentleman; but Sterne's philandering and tea- drinking, and platonic intercourse, and high-stilted love passages with his dear Kitty were pub lic and uncensured. There may have beoon times when such sentimental wooing perhaps disturbed a little the repose of a too romantic lady, albeit her cavalier was old enough to be her father, but Sterne meant nothing by his fine phrases, though he was fond of makling them. In this particular case, the grave Huguenot mother was as much to blame as Storne himself. With him, it was the humour, the too warm humour, of the hour; but he tired of it when ho got into the -triumphs of London life, in which Kitty herself would fain have shared a little. But, then, Storne was not in the vein, and lihe quietly dropped even a formal correspond euce with an ardent young lady, one of whose friends invented a scandalous story, as though the Yorkshlire parson was blam able rather for terminating his amatory courtesy tlhan bor having commenced it. How Kitty's friend manufactured material for a sinister biography of Sterno out of those sufficiently unsoemly passages in his life, is' thus told: " What was the ultimate destiny of 'Dear, dear Kitty' is not known; but Mrs. Weston, the friend before alluded to, actually took the trouble to endorse upon the bundle of letters a strange and ghastly bit of romance -quite apocryphal-which is only worthy of notice for the purpose of showing what a curious confederacy there has been to vilify the memory, of the great humourist in every possible way. This precious bit of history sets out how Mr. Sterne paid his addresses to her for five years, then suddenly deserted her, and married Mrs. Storno. That by this cruelty she lost her wits, and was taken over to. Paris by her eldest sister to be placed in a mad-house, in which gloomy place she died. Mr. Sterno, however, during some of his pleasant visits to Paris, contrived to see her; and with a practical eye utilised all the sentiment in the situa tion, working it up effectively in that woll known bit, Maria of Moulines. A reference to a single date disposes of this clumsy sen sation scene. Mr. Sterno was married in 17-45;- and we find Miss Fourmantollo, in all her charms, intimate with him twenty years afterwards, viz., in 1765. No one has suffered so much from these cruel fabrica tions as Mr. Sterne. Think only of a Mrs. Weston being at the pains to put by this secret record for some mysterious purpose a piece of vulgar York scandal, quite in keeping, as to its truth and consistency, with the other vile stories for which he has boon made the mark. These were somoe of the weapons which Eugenius warned him 'Rovonge and Slander, twin-ruffians,' wero, to level at his reputation." While this petard was. lying by for future use, Storno was amusing or mursing his wife in York, where she lived in tlhe gay wintor time, and where she also sufferod if'om palsy. The York residence, too, enabled im to confide thle oducation of his daughter Lydia to the best masters that city aflordod. Up to tiis period Storne lhad little more than a county reputation; but in 1760 he pub lishod tihe first three volumes of Tristram Shlandy, and became famous, or, as some thought, infamous for over. Mr. Fitzgorald lights up the mystery of Dr. Kuuautrokliun and his habit of --- and his habit of combing asses' tails, a pulling out the dead hairs with his, testi by showing that under that nameo h meant Dr. Mlcad, who "was in t]e bise h e abit o sitting for hours together combing tle heir of his flames, and picking out the back lhair with his teooth." The book mneade ' ncails ful sensation all over the cingdom. Itro. coeived as many hicks as caresses from tl critics, buht it established the reputations the aeuthor as a man who hlad a fund of original hiumour and a rareo metlhod of plying the humour and good things gonsrei of others. The clergy were shlocked in various ways, some at the irrevoroence of the author, and some at his impudence in writing such a book before hle was fairly on hIis way to a bishopric. " Get your profr. mont first," said the Rev. MIr. Fother ill "and then write, and welcome." The author himseolf know how to push hlis venture, and Miss Fourmantelle wrote letters, at his dic tation, whichl announced to her friends, as from herself, that the story was a wonderfid story, and that all the world was, or would be, mad about it. When the author p peored in London, the whole body of wits, quality, philosophers, and celebrated fools, whlo dreaded the satire of Sterne, combined, with few exceptions, to render honour to the new, great, and marvellously queer man. Bishlop Warburton was proud of the honour of being made known to him, praised his moral chlaracter, expressed admiration athis genius-and denounced him privately as an "irrevocable scoundrel." Nor was this all. Lord Paulconboerg con ferred on him the perpetual Yorlkshire curacy of Coxwold, and Storne hinted to "dear Kitty" that he hoped one day to enjoy hap piness in it with heor; meanwhile, "my service to your mamma." He was to be seen everywhere, and often where clergymen should not bo soeen. He cracked excellont jolkes at, rather than with, great ministers, he fluttered through tho gay licentious throng at Ranelagh, he sauntered in green. rooms, chatted with actresses at the wings, lorded it in drawing-rooms, and almost justified much scandal by his endless indis cretions. But it was an ago in which much was tolerated. " There never was such license among the shepllerds of the flook; or such toleration in the flock for such shepherds. The example of tile laity acted directly on the clergy, andi that of the clergy reacted upon the laity. This joint influence bore with it an accumu lating scandal. There were parsons, like the Rev. Horne Tooke, who flaunted abroad in gold lace and skly-bluo and scarlot, and who apologised to Wilkes for having suffered ' the infectious hand of a bishop tobewaved over him-whose imnposition, like the sop given to Judas, is only a signal for the devil to enter.' Thero were duelling parsons, like thIe Rev. Mr. B3ate, chaplain to a cavalry regiment, who ' went out' and was killed in fair duel; ' a most promising young man,' said tho papers witll commiseration. TIhere were the clergymen ]ialon pleasantly as L the three fighting parsons-Henley, Bate, anmid Churchill;' and bruising clergymen like the one mentioned in Mr. Groso's Olio." Strange indeed was the bearing of other pastors of souls, men who carried corkscrewvs in their pockets rather than prayer-bookls, or those of a more pretentious and more earnest class, sudch as Doddridge, who could read Prior's Wife of B3ath aloud to young Hannah More, and laugh with her at tmhe humour thley found in it. Whlen this state of things is remembered, Tristram Shandy must not be judged by our present standard of morals. For the period in which it appeared the work was not very in delicate. Bishops had it on their tables, young ladies carried the volumes in their pockets, and B3ishop Warburton gave them such warrant or warning as the ladies could not understand, by describing Sterne as the English Rabelais. On the other hand, his astounding success was confessed by the very ill temper of some of his critics, and tie evil influences of the surprising book were boldly denounced by a Methodist preachbr, who said "Tristram is a book penned by the devil himself." Sterne won subsequent fame, as well as money, some £?80, by the publication of his sermons, and people who would not read Shandy, eagerly read Yorick's discourses, and adjudged the autllor to be a "good man." Of Yorick's identity some Christina folks were not well assured, or were ill satis fied, like the prelate whlo saw little use i an English edition of sermons by the King of Denmark's jester! Sterno left London i triumph; but Coxwold, now the chief sphere of his duties, sooeemed dull and unprofitable.o As Garrick remnarkled, " heo degonerated in London, like an ill-transplanted shrub. The incense of the great spoiled his head, as their ragouts lind done his stomach." It cnnot be said that Storno altogether nseglected his clerical duties. If he did, he could plead episcopal sanction. VWhen he wrote to WarLurton tlhat he was engaged on two moro volumes of Tristram, the Bishop replied, "I am glad to understannd tlhat you are employed asgain in your proper studies." If, on the other hand, he sorn ously addressed himself to proaching, and turned to the profitable accoint of his hearers the murrain anmong cattle, tlioro woro reverend gentlemen, like Dodd, a little later, who hughed at him, in pamphllts, for crying over thie loss of his cow. l3ut from duties of homo aud clurch, from his wife, who could not or would not ronder thi first charmoing to him, sand froms his daugshtir Lydin, who was thie only ansgel he could ever see in cholrch or honmo, he hastened to town with his new voluomes, and in scorch of the now ovation which awaited him. Tle old triumphs returned with incroeaso, and Sterno was a greater "lion " than the young King. I-Io was at the foot of the thronoe, i poeeresses' boudoirs, at the tables of the rich, who struggled to secure him, and hie was half mad at the splondour, end hialf killed by the fatigue of hlis htriumpnhs. Or overy one, sieve thIe "profligate secribblers," h"e "Vi suploreme. Dodd, heosover boat him in tle pulpit. Whno Yoriok preooched a ?aR'ity soermon at thie Foundling, he oextr?aeto di bot a poore £L5 frosm hlis hoarers: when h ,odd preached at the ragdolon, for tIe bonoefit of tho roformed inmates, thle plhtes .e.O brought upl to him rioh with £1000, hot, thien, D)odd used to exhibit thle Maghgdal?S themselves as part of the attractiuon . teachoing of thie morninsg. s it, After sovoa monoths roystoringo~ ,,,, Storno roturned to Coxw'ohl, to lifl uit ,i'shlr thian oves, iin compiUrsison w\titi sets traoiting L]ondono . As to matriiioi'', iso wroto, "I hdlouhl le a bohoet to rani it if, for mny wifo is Oasy, but the wo'ld ? o1,t and hadIu I stayyd from her a sound 1l0s10' it would have been a burning shame- -else, she declares herself happier without me." We think that "my Lumloy," of the spring time of first love, may have had some con tempt for him; but she wont passively about all home duties, and Sterne did not always write of her with respect, though he always sllowed the utmost anxiety that she should be provided with all she wanted for her comfort. Of this, the evidence in the second volume is abundant; and there is proof, too, that for his motlher in Ireland he' was not unconcerned. From home he soon repaired to town again, with fresh volumes of Tristram, and fresh appetite, feeble as he was in constitution, for all the honours awaitiig him. It was on this oc casion that Ihe crossed tlhe Channel and visited Paris: "' Just as he was setting out upon looking over his' finances, he found lie was twenty wounds. short, and wrote plainly and even bluntly, to Garrick, " will you lend me this sum ? Yours, L. S." ' Garick sent it at once ; and threeyears after, when Garrick himself was travelling abroad, the actor got very disturbed about this sum, which he had not as yet been repaid; and. wrote home ner vously about it. ' I hope Decket lhas stood my friend about whlat he ought to have re ceived for me some timoe ago. I had a draught'upon him fromn Storne, ever since he went abroad: pray hint this to. him, but tell lim not to be ungentle wvith Sterne.' Every glimpse we have of this admirable artist seems to show hlim in tlhe same amiable character-yet . always tempered with a steady good sense and firmness." His success in Paris was no less than that which had more than once greeted his re ception in London. He stood among crowds of wits, and took all their points in.Ihis buckler easily. One of themo, indeed, mis took him for Hamlet's Yorick, but this was, perhaps, only in joke :- . "in this n1ew whimrl, no l5 O ut lOts gov $hoso he hadl left behind. iHo found time to send. fo his bankers, day after day, for letters from his wife, and was greatly dis tressed at their irregular arrival. He found time also to write long, affectionate, and gossiping letters, in his most graphic, dramatic stylo, which were to amuse the lonely tenants of Coxwold. He described for them the great fire that had broken out during the fair of St. Gerimain, which lhad consumed all the wooden booths in a few hours, with all their contents, and how 'hundreds of unhappy people are now going crying along the streets, ruined totally.' Heo gives a little sketch of the fair, which was *built upon a spot of ground covered and tiled? and as largo as the minster yard, and divided into .shops, and formed into little streets like a town in miniature.' The poor tradesmen had to fly through the streets ikom these wooden, structures in their shirts. ' 0/. ces moments (do malheur--sonI tcrribles,' said the barber who came to shave Mr. Sterne the next morning (lhe would have written -this impassionate speech more cor ,coctly); and the good-natured follow uttered it with so moving an accent, that I could have found it in my heart to have cried over- the perishable and uncertain tenure of every good. in this life. It makes a regular picture in this first Sentimental Journey. It is also a fair refutation of such as would insist on Mr. Sterno's making mere capital arid cheap dribble out of his sympathies and tears. For those to whom this littleo pho tograplh was sent, 'were his . wife and daughter, who had boon long behind the scenes, and on whom it would be scarcely worth the trouble 'to impose.". The Shandean rascal-touch is amusingly manrifest in the following passage: - "Rae had grown very intimate, teo,.witck the younger Crebillon--the free-and- easy author of the Sofa and Les Egaromens, whom a romantic English girl was by-and by to come over -and marry, incited by the perusal of those questionable romances. So intimato, indeeood, was SMr. Sterne and the Erench sentimonthlist, that the result was the extraordinary and truly Shandean con tract, which, if it had boon carried out, would have been one of the oddest literary curiosi ties conceivable. He was to write ' an ox postulnatory letter' to his English friend ' upon the indecorum of T.Shandy,' to which Sterne was to rilposter by 'recrimination upon thoe liberties in his own works-those are to be printed together, Crobillon against Storno-Sterne against Crebillon, the copy to be sold, and the money equally divided. This is good Swiss policy.' This convention was, however, never carried out. Perhaps the PFrenchman was lany, as Mr. Storne, in deed, anticipated lihe might be. Still we may discover in this convention a figure of the true relation of Mr. Storno towards lis contemporaries and his .contemporaries' writing-who might also ' be answered by recrinination upon the liberties in their own works.' " After Paris, commenced that journey to the south of France, some incidents of which tihe readers of Tristram will well remember. In this journey lie is accompanied by his wife and daughter. Ho was a poor invalid then, having broken a vessel in tho lunga, no unusual calamity with him, and nearly died of it. But hoe was of genial kindness, apparently, for his fellow-travellers, with whom lie sojourned at Montpollior, till the medical mon there, having mulcted him to tihe utmost, witlhout profit to him, ordered Yoricl home. Mrs. Storno was determined to stay two or three years moro in Franco; in which, "I am truly passive," says hoe, with ,the exception that h11 would rather hlave his daughter with him in England. His way thither lay through Paris. "One Sunday Mir. Sterno was invited to preach before the ambassador. On a Sun day in January the little chapol in thile Fasu bourg St. Tlonor,, ' prs brOiire do Lourre,' had echoed the dull utterances of a Dr. Trail, who wearied Wilkes sadly. But now! it was fillced to overflowing with the most imotley crowd. It may ho questioned if it over held such a congregation; theoro were all nations, believers and unbolioevers, Ihumes, I)idorots, 1)'Ilollachs, Iel gatherod to hear fC ou.es l'arsou Yorick. Thoe sermon \Yae worthy of the occarion, and was por Imps the strangest of all his strange normons. LIo selected Iozoehiahl (' an odd tsubjoct, you ;ird mother will say,' lie wroto to Lydia) und giving out theo following toxt--'And he said, What have they seen in thine hlouis? And IhLeh?.olihi aiswi'red, All the utilngi that iie inh mine house have they cnii: thii'ro is niithhig innong all 11)3' trea irces that 1 have not showed thom," Sartlued thie iudieneo with,--'And whero thie harm, you'll tiy, in all thi ? '* Ho thoan proceeded to explain the wholo story i a ploanuat dincourso, admirableo in Btylo, and very practical in tone. Nothing can be more admirable than his remarks on the motive of human actions." As husband and father Sterne' show'pd his anxiety thdt wifo and child should hbe weoll cared for, nad guarded against overy un pleasant contingency while they worel away rom him. Nevertheloss, rather old ias he was growing now, in 1764 he made senti mental love to any lady'who had charnmis and good nature, and he \vroto to the rather easy Lady: Percy in toerms Which might come from a gay Strephon iatheor than from a minister of the gospel. 1 His health failed faster than his spirits, and once more he obtained opiscopal leave of absence; and went on that course of travel a frag ment of which is so well known to us in the Sentimental Journey. No part of it is better known than that which refers to Sternn's room, No. 31, at IDessin's hotel, Calais. How many have visited that hotel solely that they might dream, and meditate, and draw good or weak inferences touching Yorick !-not ono of them being, apparently, tile least aware that "about a year after Sterne's death, the famous Sentimental Inn was burnt to the ground." Of 'course a now Sterno's room-who forgets it ?-was constructed in the new building, which has now ceased to be used as an hotel. , Mr. Fitzgerald illustrates the journey onward with ability, and adds " Coming up through France heo had laid out a plan to. leave his regular course, for the long-promised pleasuro of seeing his wife and girl. But he was to havo fifinite troublo in finding them. They had been changing their place of abodo again and again, and lie had literally to track them through half-a-dozen towns, receiving news of them at eaich. Heo found them at the ond in Franche Comit. The meeting after this long absence seems to havo been most affectionate. ' Poor woman!' said Mr. Sterno, describing it, 'she -was very cordial, lc.' (how Shandean are these &c.;'s). With Ihis daughter lie was delighted, and found lier 'improved in everything he wished her.' But Mrs. Sternie, with her old indiscretion, would not return to England as yet, and was most anxious to stay another year or so. But she remarked a great change in him, and was struck with his look of ill-health; and, in fact, he left her 'most melancholy on that account.' • A more practical testimony of her anxiety would have been to have returned home with him, and have watched aver what she was so concerned for." The sick wife, with-her daughter, subse quently established themselves in Avignon (the latter having many a wooer who wont no further than the wooing), and Sterne returned to Coxwold, ill in health, but with energy of spirit to continue Tristram, and withjust power to drag himself up to London to see his. book published; after which lihe rallied, and fell into philandering cre he died. Meanwhile, it must .be re-asserted, that he exhibited neither indifference nor negligence in furnishing his wife and child with every appliance that could render their lives comfortable. But, in the meantime, too, appeared in London that beautiful and intelligent young wife of Mr. Draper-the latter far away, in Bombay. With this lady, the memorable Eliza, Yorick fell into the profoundest of his sentimental passions, despite his being almost old enouglh to be her grandfather. Ho made no secret of his feelings, he talked of her and wrote to herin terms of the very warmest fervour, mingled with advice such as a paternal old friend might give. He seems to have thought that thero was no more harm in his claiming the exercise of his. right as a privileged senti msentalist than therie was merit in exhorting her to follow the path of duty always, and to give every honest man of feeling the opportunity of at once respecting and loving her. Meanwhile, ho pours out a torrent of love, speculates upon what might happen if he were a widower and Mr. Draper were defunct; and anon lie is fervent in ghostly council and in righteous exhortations, and tiot caring that his philandering liad reached the ears of his own absent lady. When Mrs. Draper sailed for Bombay, the hearts of the sentimental pair were all but crushed, and the foundations were laid of a story not creditable to the half-dead creature who played such antics when a ladly was willing to give him permission. " While she was staying at Deal, Mr. Sterne wrote her a sketch of a famous cha racter which seems a perfect carte do visite of a figure belonging to the Augustan Ago of English letters. Old Lord Bathurst, who, after the Swifts, Addisons, and Stocles had dropped away, had lingered until lie found the strange faces of a new generation about him-was still to be soon in London draw ing-rooms ' a prodigy! for at eighty-five he has all the wit and promptness of a man of thirty-a disposition to be pleased and a power to please others-added to which, a man of learning, courtesy, and feeling.' With him was the name of Eliza to be asso ciated-and lifted into a fine classical atmos phere. On an occasion when Mr. Storno was at the Prince of WVales's levee, this ancient nobleman came up and introduced himself. ' I want to know you, Mr. Sterne,' lie said ; ' but it is fit you should also know who it is who wishes this pleasure. You have heard,' continued he, ' of that old Lord Bathurst, of whom your Popes and. Swifts have sung and spoken so much. I have lived my lifo with geniuses of that cast, but have survived them ; and despairing over to find their equals--'tis some years I closed my accounts and shut up my books;...but you have kiudled a desire in me to open them once nmore before I die, which I now do-so go home and dine with me.' It was hard to resist this compliment; so Mr. Sterno went home and dined with the patriarchal Mso conas. There was only one other guest of the party, and le ' a person of sensibility' -and fiiding himself in a congeoni aotmos phere-and on a hint, perhaps, of tile old Lord's as to the loves of tho unfortunato lady and Mr. Pope, or an allusion to Stella and Dr. Swift-Mr. Sterno gave thoem the whole story of thie unhappy Indian who was about to embark. Ho dwelt on her more than an hour, aud with such offect as to interest the whole party. The i good old Lord' toasted her throo times, and said he hoped to livelong enough not only to know her, but to soo her 'eclipse all other Nabob caseos as much in wealth as she already does in exterior.' And a ' most sentimental after noon till nine o'clock have we passed.' " Ahnmost tiho last words he wrote to Eliza woro, "roveronuo thysolf." After his death Mrs. DrapeI r rolturneod to England, shlowud his lotters publicly, and ultimnately old them to a booksallor, who printed thoem-not, por haps, withoutintorpolations. AboutYonck's last years there. is something inoxpressibly melancholy. From hris dull lodgings in BIond-street he travelled down to Coxwold, like a bale of cadaverous goods; began to yearn for the doing of better things than heb had done, and was oppressed by the dis quieted heart with. which he had to reason. 1o had a flash of comfort, however, in once more meeting his. wife and daughter at York, to the gaieties of which he loft them vhile he ventured once niore to London, to publish his last volume. WhVlile lhe lay ill, in' Boid- street, he wrote' tender Idttors be wailing the absence of Lyiia. A pleurisy at last laid hold of his emiaciated frame, and thle end came before proper aid could reach him. Alone with a woman wlh6 stole his shliirtstilds wlhile' she moved him, and stared at by a footman,' who had been sent by.a rollicking dinner-party near to inqsuire after hini, Yorick died with the cry, now, it is come." T'he day was tihe 18th of March, 1768, and on the day of his burial the body-snatchers are said to have lifted him, and Mr. Colignon, professor of Anato my at Trinity College, Cambridge, to havo dissected the corpse. ]Near the grave where he was once laid, two foolish freemasons erected a foolish memorial. The mnbthler and daughter were ill at ease, but Yorkshire subscriptions did for .them what kreat London friends neglected to do; and they both finally settled in France, whichl was especially dear to Mrs. Sterne. There she died before lho year 1775, and there Lydia, tse wife of a M. Medalle, is believed to save peorished in the storm of the grat roeolu tions. We have space only to add, that Ste 's character has never been so imparialy dealt widlh as in fleese volumes.. He i not judged apart, but pilaced with his on temporaries, whose manners and morals w see, and are thereby the better onabled to agree with Mr. Fizgerald in his geoeral opinion of the great humourist. Sterno was not altogether a scamp nor altogethbr a herd. I-Ie wes a man who had good stiff in him had he only cared or known how to use it. His head was overpowered by his; im pulsive heart; but they who aspire to tduch, or even amuse, mankind are not justified in allowing thleir judgment to be overcomb by their feelings. 