. . ? ADELAIDE. , , . ! . ' , .. ïhniaday. -: The G_v rnmeot have telegraphed to Melbourne for o aopply of Westley Biotaaida* carbines, for tba uso of tba Northern Territory Expedition., , ' ; Xbe Government sohooner Yatala will eeeompany the ^.expedition. Wheat ia flaotaatiog and ia quoted at le. Floor, £30 to £28. THE LATE ACCIDENT ON THE NEWTOWN ROAD. -Our readers may recollect an account appearing in this paper detailing an accident which happened to Mr. Thomas Moran, by his falling off the top of an omnibus, on the Newtown-road, on Sunday, the 21st ultimo. We regret - now to state that Mr. Moran, after enduring much suffering, expired at his residence, Botany-street, on Wednesday last. The deceased had been for many years employed as a compositor on the Herald news- paper, and was much respected. The City Coroner has deemed it necessary to hold an inquest on the body of deceased, which will take place at O'Neil's public-house, South Head-road, at ten o'clock this morning. CnicKET,-Aotlokal matob came off yesterday, in the polioe p'iddook near trie H ymirkel, beUeea tba pnp'la attending the Sorry Hills, and York-street- Wesleyan sohools; tb'e lattei winning by 0 rans. Tba following is the soon :-Yiri-atrett, first innings, 61; seoond innings, 33; total, r 84. Sorry Hills, first inning), 37 second innings, 43 ; total, 70. CORONER'S COURT. - An inquest on the body of an illegitimate infant, aged seven days, was held before the city coroner, at the Woolpack Inn, George-street. The deceased was the offspring of a single woman named Elizabeth Pike, who is cohabiting with a hay and ocra dealer, named William James, living in Blake's-buildings, off Campbell-street. On Wednesday morning the child died from convulsions, the result of intestinal irritation. An inquiry touching the death of another illegitimate infant, aged four months, was held yesterday afternoon, at the City Arms, Stanley-street. The deceased's name was James Noah Buckley, and was the child of a single woman named Judith Sullivan, living 'in Stanly-lane. The child had been ailing and died from exbaustion, on Wednesday morning, having suffered from hooping cough and dysentry. THE OPBBA.-A very fall and fashionable aadienao eonficmid lbs very successful produotlon of Mozirt'a chef d'oo ivie 11 Doo Gliovanai." Containing, aa this opera does, some of the most arlistio abd delightful melodies and harmonies aver scored, with: orobettral aooompani .mont sash aa only Mcziri oould compose; this aaaoesa is not lo be wondered at. Tho prodaotion of tbis opera Ia ; also always an " event" whenever it is" plioed on the : alaga, and Iba assumption of ita charaotéra considered a 1 .triumph by the artists engagod. Ita bsaullea were very : excellently displayed lest night, and tho Applause that followed moat of its mote obolàs portions evideoeed the ' pleasure derived.from ita oharming muslo. Madame Eioott attained the part of Donna Anna; Madama Dóiand that of Zerlina,lookiog as piquant as yon please; and . Mrs. Ads, King waa the slighted Elvira. Mr. Squires , played Don Oltivio, Mr. H. Wharton was Don Giovanni, and sang tba musio of bia patt very excellent y. Mr. J. E. Kitts enaoted Ibo Commandante, end waa very effec- tive in the oelobrated ghost aoene. Mr. Fred. LyBter'a 1 asaamption af Lopereilo waa a very good one Indeed, and ' obtained far bim no little applause. Altogether tba ' prodaotion of this opeia is alika creditable to all. To- ".' night Bellini's opera ol -'Normt"'will be prodooed on a grand eotle, and kith due regard to its perfeot perfor. ? manoo. Madame Lnoy E-oott will repeat ber df amati. oil ly as well aa vocally beautiful impnraonatlon of the ' Drnidioal priostes*. DAnLiNO HIVED DliiBioT.-Extraat from' a'private ! letter, dated T-a atatioc, 3rd instant:-«The.only ') thing ne« in tbis quarter ie, that tba' Darling is falling < fast, and oertainly there wes great need:of it. The lest { steamar for the Benson, laden with .wool, passed diwn- -j warda two Cays ago. Another steamer is daily expeottd from Wentworth, bat it is not supposed Bhe otu asoend much beyond this station. What a diBgraoeful Pírlia. j ment yon now have in Sydney. It is lamentable, as well as disgusting, to read snob, noosenslaal trash as that reported In tbo Empire tod. Herald, as having been altered within the walls of your Legis. ' latlve mte.lng House« It is questionable if there be : .auch en aneoath legislatura in any other portion of ber M jastj'o dominions. NV.ive insólenos does mt appear to rt quire any * protection,' for no foreign commodity of the .kind aonld compete against it with the lout ohanoe o' euooeiB." [ ,-Sia S:ún FAKIKÓIOH ok NkwtPAiÜ)i8.-4a «"speeoti' ' »t 'Kidderminster,.Sir- John;lamington asid:-Amongst tbo tirent obenge* which ,tt¡d_ dia^ngálahed ibo progresa'1 ^ .which had boen so remarkable In ¿bis oonctry of late years, (bete were few, if any, inore remarkable and moro interesting than what ho miRhtoall the revolution wbioh had token pl too in tho publio press of this oountry. A, few years ego,'the newspaper might bo considered os ono of tbe luxuries of the riob, bat now tho newsp-.por had become one of the moesslties of the many. A few years ago what WIB tba press of England t The press of Eng'and consisted of a few dally papers, published in Londor, and aa regarded tba loon! press of a few news- papers, for tbe moat part high priced. What waa the stato or affairs at present ? Why the leading journals of London were reduoed lo half tholrlprice, and there was' aoaroely a.town of large population io Eogland where there waa not a penny newspaper. Porno of tho moat influential papore,. both in London.and . the provínose, were omdootod nat only with gtea't, ability bat with great profit at the price of a penny. To over-rate the Impôttanoe .of tba influence 'whioh tbe presa exeroiaed apon the national obaiaoter WBB almost impossible. The only Sala of Impórtenos, This Day, la the Sala of Tea, ex Bllea Mary, Maori tl os Sugars, and general Qrooorloa, advertised ror.TuiiDay.athalf-paat leno'oloolr, by Malus. L.h, IhroLkold : dil) Q?.,«t Ufa Olly fa} ff!, qiorgaatr,^ 1 ' *»"»"« J , NAnnowEsou?» Fa n Tn WNU«.-Yesterday evening a ütl.'e boy, Duned William ,Acton,*ged'six years and four 'months, was playing on tba whurf at Woolloomooloo Bay, when be accidentally foll into the utter and 'would cer- tainly have b?en drowned had not a seaman who observed Ihe occurrence-j graped Into the water, without - taking bis clothes.off, and rosoned bimi Tbe child, in an almost cénseles»atole, «as conveyed to tbe Medical Hall ot Dr. Hamilton, corner of William and Palmer streetp,. and by timely professional skill bring applied, to tbe little safferetfs oa.se consciousness was restored, ha was takerj lo tbereii tenn nf' bil parents. Nu. Al, Gippf.street. GATBOLIO CHUBCS;, PABDAXATTA.-Yesterday, tbe feast of St. Patriok was celebrated at St. Patrick's Churob, Parramatta, The Be». Father Sheridan, the respected pastor of the Saored Heart Chapel, Dirlioghurst, prc« orr dod from Sydney and WBB the oelebrat'ng clergyman. The Rsv.; Father Forde, who accompanied Father Sher, dan, preached a very eloquent sermon on tbe occasion. The obnroh WBB orowded with a moBt attentiva auditory. STAVE tv TBS CBOPJ IN THE PATBICX'B PIAINS DÍ8IBI0I,-Tho Ut» COD tin titus wet weather'bas bada bsneflsial effsot on theerepï in Ibis.district, except the grapes, wbioh have been more or less injared by it. Whatever trifling injuries have been sustained by our farmers < on aooount of the flood have been fully oom peora'ed for by the excellent state of the maize crop thia year. A very large area, probably from 800O to 10,000 coreo, baa been devoted to tbiB cereal; and aa only a very trifling quantity-Boy from 100 to SOO aorea--have been totally destroyed by the flood, we may fully expect, at tbs average of 40 bushels per «are, a total crop of betweeu 300,000 and 400,000 bushels of maize ia the Singleton dletriot. A'l the other cropE-iaoh. as Potatore, cabbages, deo,, and the orobardB-have equally bene fi ed by the Uta raine; for wbiob we have reason io be very thankful, for whatever damage the recent floods may bave done in other districts, it oannot ba denied that we have derived considerable benefitB from tbe rains thal oansed it.--Maitland Mercury, ? CCABSHOS TOWN.-For the past week or ten days there'' bas been nothing bul weather, although not very heavy. To day, however, it bas oleared cp, and there is every appearance of flue weather. l om happy to say that, generally speaking, the settlers of Ibis river are not losers to a very great extent by the recent flood. B" tween thiB township and the Terrace, bowerer, the low landa were flooded, and a great many . sores cf maize destroyed. : Ou Wednesday evening laBt a. magisterial inquiry was held at the Commercial Inn, by ,W. Lowe, Esq., ¡T.P., on the body of a man found in the Williams on that morning. To judas by appeiranoes, the deceased was a young man, about 30 or SI yeera of age. From the evidence taken it appeared that be waa oither insane or labour og under a fit of delirium Iran tra, and WBB eben hy some few individúala in almost a state of nudity, having on bim only a ooat, on tba outskirts of the town. When found be waa nabed, with tbe exoeption of tbo coat, wbieh was wrapped round his head. From'this coinoldenoe, it is supposed to, be the same person, as it was impossible from the deeom posit ion to identify the features. It also appears that be came up in the Pater, son, steamer, on the Thursday previous, but not as a passenger.-With reference to this oase, I oonBider tbe officers of the Patel son ere greatly to blame t^ tum BU insane man into a oommunity without giving tbs aatboritiee proper warning. It is believed they or the sailor« were aware of bis insanity, from a circumstance whish happened afterwards. - Correspondent of the Utrcnry", ? THE WEtTBRN GOLD-FIELDS-Tbe correspondent o' the Bathurst Free Prut, ol M ar oh 16 tb, says:-Since I last wrote you I have made several journeys over oar gold.fleldB. I have been very pleased with some of our gardens and peooh.orchards. Thiogs looked rather dull at Long Creek and Windeyer ; but still gold is being got in those' localities. The diphtheria hsa visited Camp hell's Oreek, and proved fatal with a . little girl of Mr. Parker's, inn and storekeeper. We have bad mott unpleasant weather. B it though we have bad constant rains, we have net suffered much from floods. ' Whether our crops will sustain much injury I oannot tell ; but, surely we shalt have soma fine weather. We have ort been aoonstomed to look for wk t ur early in Marob. The ''Pyramul Rush" is going a-head. Every week a nug- get has been got for many weeks past by one or other. The nugget last week was 27 ounces and 16 penny weights." Four small nuggets have been got already this week, one of them worth sixty pounds. The nearly twenty eight-ounce nugget was got in an old hole. The digger whose claim it was, got some time past, a four-ounoe nugget and some fine gold, and then left it. Last week he returned to this claim, whish no one had thought it worth while to "jump," and took out of it the large nugget referred to. A few persons on these gold fields have had "good luck," but many have worked months for less than rations. Mr. John Forster is building a commodious ball-room to the Eagle Inn. We have only one case of sickness: ''Yorkey", remains unable to work, who was discharged from your hospital without being cured. The weather yet remains very unpromising. The wind goes now and then to the north, when the clouds clear away, and a little-blue sky, with a little sunshine, hold out some pro -mise of a hoped for change ; but before the ground is dry, it goes baok to its old quarter-a little to the south of east-and then it rains again, or else huge black clouds tumble one over another westward for a day and a night together. The other evening there was a little clear sky over the Bogie ranges, when I discovered the clouds which darkened our skies were only just above our mountains. High up in beaven theta weremaiBes of aloud travelling slowly to tbe northward ; and above these again, were other clouds Bailing away to the south, west. Our miserable black clouds were hurrying over the mountains like sailors over tbe deck of a ship whose' keel is jost made " bard and fast" on a sunken reef. I was disgusted with them, the frightened little rasosls. afraid to risa a little higher into a oalmer atmosphère ! I could not help thinking, too, these little low b art vagabond clouds, wereiike lots of little, mean, insignificant mottalr, always in a burry, and always ill-tempered, and always talking about a dark place where naughty people ought to go. Only think to-night that the»e grovelling clouds lava made our mountains as black aa' perdition I Tbe other nigbt they, perfootly bewildered me.. Only onoe in six miles could I catch a gleam of the road. Bat being on an old, roadster, I gave, him thu reins without any fear of being lost. ' Bat I " oanna tell ya" what blaok ugly demons soms of the trees looked, frowning blackness on the, dsrkest nigbt I ever was ont in. I suppose our bsd weather is purely astronomical, purely lanar, ia reference to its oourse. ' But you per oaivs I bave no room to talkahout the lunar orbi». Bat if I bad ever so much room, I-bad better '.boult} my nolie," (pen I ought to say), when a London .'com- mittee refuses to print Professor Owen's-Lecture to 'Yoong lieu et Exeter Hall; because be bas hinted at 'tbe necessity of a more philosophical translation^ the Sbemitio cosmogony. ) 8o with good .wishes to all the staff of the IreePjen, I am, BB evsr, one of tbe'smallest ot. all the intellects tied to 'flesh' and blood. .''.But Bm all ' as my intelleot i», I would rather believe, with Bishop Berkely, that the sun is a mere idea, than I couti believe .man is without a soul. And I remember London Punch tailing us, twenty years back, "'twaB batter to have a very little soul; rather than avery tig holy." Believe me " I' believe." our !' parliament men," who are putting Ibis miserable lax upon p''s'ed newspapers havo liit'e son's and big bodies too. I have a listofpublio men only worthy of. contempt, and ia 4his lift will go .soon every patna wbioh vo ed for the tariff. We pay taxes enough bo our gold, fields without .having the only ' blt" of literatura wa have; worth reading taxed. - I propose a pub'l.'o subscription tjf £100 to the best writer f t a satire on the Minimry vwhioh has taxed our news.: And BB the nameB of .some of those, men, are so un poetieal, - they might be substituted by the bsmeB of animals they have been long known to resamblai f know I ought to have put this matter in a postscript ; bat then I was " ateared " you would leavo it ont. You can tell'the humdrum (who demands satisfaction) my. name, without being '« ateared " at all. Think you I fear a humbug who taxes news f DOUBLB CHABOED.-A good ' story is told of: ono George Scaffer, who many years ago .lived at' Potts, mouth. ;-. He bad moa been . out shooting, end was jorajjpg borne.with'his game bs; empty and weary, wbea ne stopped,."4t che toll-houio for - B moment's rea*, " There's.a fine lot of ducks biak bore iii tbo pond," Baid ..he to «bet oll-k ea por; " what will you let me fire, into ? them for ?" " Can't dc .it," responded the toll-keeper ; " I don't want to have my daokB killed," Gorrge pal bis Run In tbe toll-house, and walked back to take another look-at the ducks. .'When ho was'.gone,' the toll.man, who waa a wag; draw the shot from tho barrel, and. then replaced the gun. George rotutnod. and renewed the qasstioc. " Well," said the toll.man, 11 though you r e a good Bbct, I don't believe yon could burt thom muob. Olva'me your money add yóú may fire." 'Tba 'money was poid, and' quite a party gathered round tcj'.witness George's I discomfiture. . Ho raised bis gun,- fired, and . killed nine ut them.- "Bless mel" cried the toll-mar), "I took tha charge out of your gan," " Yes," said' George, "I' Bupposed' you would, ' I always go double ohorgod," ?.(;'" ' ' , ! Said an IriBbman to a telegraph o>orator, ".Doyou ever charge anybody for the address in a massage f" " No," repliod tbo operator. " And do ye charge for signing his name, slr M Bald the customer. "No, sir." " Well, thin, will ye plaso send this? I just want my brotbor to know that I am hete," handing him the fol. lowing:-''To John M'Flnn-at Londorf-(signed) Patrick M'Finn,'; It waa aont'as . tribale to Fat's abregdaess, " " Sooutr, STATB OF: THE lNTEaioB,-7Tho following orlraa from the letter of o.oorraa'pópderit'bf ibo ilatttani Sltremy, altboogh;"applied-to .Olarenëo- Town, on tba Williame Bivor, will,' we regret to Btv, be found quite aa applicable to marjy other planes in the Interior of thia aolony :-." Clorenee Tonn, I dare cay, mustera aboat from 300 to 400 inhabitants, not mentioning the settlers who Jina the bac hs on each aide from ' Seaham to Brook* flold. It ii tbe shipping port of the whola cf the TJpter Williams; still, I am grieved lo say, il eonnot boast of a aeonlar institntion of any kind,, or in any shape or form We read of Sohools of Art flonriabing.in almost every otber township; but Clarence Town baa none. CV by ja ' asked f Tbe onawer is, beuausdoi tbe di.union of tba people themselves. Thia ia. uobappily tba oase. w« , ara in this town ooraposed of ihre»*' alsssea :-First, , tba aristocracy ; \ second, ' tho middle or tradesmen; and tbird, those whom nobody will speak to.' Tba second sod tbird elstBea will move in nothing firs) ; they look to the aristócrata lo commenoe anything. Theas, or any par« ticolar one of these will not dare to do it, aa they are all st lpggetheade ; and iflone moved, bis opponent woold instantly eonoeiva it to be bia duly to arneb that motion. Thus il ia that the mass are kept down, without the* shadow of a ahanoe (in tba existing stats of things) lo rise above whet be is-but a.oontional tendency to da. soend, Were the affair onto started there ia no doubt that it would meet with anpport from everyone foi soma miles, about tba townabip. Tiaro are several gentle, men in lbs township wbb conld and weald give leatares inila bshalf-say one eaoh month. The profita émanât* tag from them, together with the fixed subscriptions, would nrély keep it geing. How moon bstler would it be for oar yoong men to attend at these lee nree, or lbs reading-room, than dozing over the fire or roaming the atr a's at night. I sincerely hope that those whoas dnty it is to proposa theBB matters will make no delay, bat do so quickly; and they or he, ea tha case miy be, will be OBsarod of Ibe good will of (he oommanily." "WENTWOBTH" Mi»B8: of tba Baihurti lints Baye :-Matters in mining coniinue making mujb tba same progresa ia development,' ,With few exceptions, the esme activity and desire to diioover ita hidden treasures prevail throughout lbs field, varied in one or two; oasts where work baa beea temporarily suspended tbrongb excesa of waler or exhaustion of fonds; On the whole; however, a general feeling of con- fidence in the nltimitu suooeBB of tuelr endest oars is en- tertained by those who have not, aa yeti sncoeeded in ob taining gold» The great event of the past ten days is the extraordinary rio J yield of Spioer's ola'm, whioh snr. passes anything yet diaoovired on Ibis or almost any otber field, SIG cz*. IO dwta. (three hundred and sixteen oonoes fifteen penny weights) of gold having been obtained from two oil oana of staff from the vein and the stall whioh that party is pnttiog into ile paddeck, ia I am informod, unsurpassed in riebnssa. The Homeward Bound ' ia getting ont Borne really'good stuff; over eighty onnceB were obtained from "prospeoie" during the week.' TbiB claim has yielded a greater amount of gold os yet, than any other olaim. It contains a little ovjr four men's gr and» The amount af gold it hos yielded np to the ,piesent time ia aboat 2631 rzs. obtained in .tbe following manner: Fros, pester previoos to puddling (abont) 230, cz*,; .obtained at paddling, 1210; Marah 2nd, obtained st crashing tailing, Sci, 1)86 ozs, ; prospects since obtalai d (aboai) SS ozs. ; total 2031 oz«., w.bloh I am enre no person will deny is a very handsome return as tho quantity of stuff washed and eroBhed was very -emili. I may here observe that the'lode in thia olaim is almoBt woithleBB, the gold bsiug obtained from what ia called in quartz mining language-' feeders' whioh are in reality, aa the nama implies,-small veins xonning into the main ono.' There ia net the aligbtest indication of thia or any of the claims here being worked oat, for the general belief ie, that aa'the lode goes deeper the riober lt will become, and it may yet go thousands of feet, for no.indication of its vertical termination bas aa yet mani, fatted itaelf. That similar lodes exist in varióos' parta of the colony there ia no reason that I con BBB to doubt, bat from their peonliar features,-so unlike qaarts lodes -that their discovery will ,be the réault of.ehaoca rather tban search, especially with the present limited reBoaroea of p-ospeotors. Bia wart's party is sinking deeper, lilly's .par'y la making preparation fororuBb lng ita paddook. .Varions parties in the ia mediate neighbourhood of these and tba. preceding olaims are hourly experted to btiike the veiD, eo great a'otivily ia observable, OB that part of the field. The Perseverance is eontinaing in ita nanal look, and will eoon commenta crushing ita paddock. The Industry Rewarded ia getting some very good stuff to the aarfacs. McNamara's and the adjoining claims are prosecuting their wbrka with Ibo nsnal vigour. The Fbcenix Company obtained aboat eigbty.two onnoea laal week/and about the sana tbe preaent week-the resalí of three days oroBhingi The shareholders have decided, upon increasing their oruabiog power, nd an additional battery has been sent for to Sydney. The batteries ere now al fall work upon the staff of the Unele Tam. There are about 3u0 loada ts be orushed for th's : party, and i|.ia expiated te yield very well. The Htppy-go-laeky seems pretty quiet of late; bat I believe some very, fair Etnff is' occasionally met with. There is a' ;farge'paddock of tailings On Ile sorfaoe whioh are said to be very rieb. There are two or .three other pattiea wt rkiog in the < ireetlon of Orange, beyond, wbiob all. the others are at a standstill for tba preaent,' bat ibis to'boped they will eoon retome ópera tiona and reap the just reward of their toil and industry. 8cclally our;position ii muon the fame. We are .still without poller; and' consequintly the,small gang of .rowdies and Itafera manage to make tbemeelvas disagree- ably conspicuous, and consequently give the whole popu- lation a bad name. . Wer« only polioemen to be stationed here it would have the effector quieting those idle and drunken brawlers, for there would ba plenty ready and willing to assisi any zealous officer 'in the discharge of bia' - dnty, bat who al present ara loath to take tba matter into their bands; consequently tha reputation of tba wbole population ia Impaired by tbs braw.'a and mlideedB of some half score or BO of rowdies. A build, ing was purohased sometime since and made, into a temporary oharcb, where divine service ls frequently p.r'fotmed by Episcopalian and Dissenting ministers, to their respective congregations. Tba Bomen Catholics have decided upon erecting a small chapel, wbisb ls to be proceeded with- forthwith. . Hitherto maia bes bean celebrated by Bev. Father Athy in a private dwelling; It ia contemplated to open a public reading-room, bal I fetr oar population 's nat auffioiently numerous for tbs \- aucaeaalnl'sopporfof Buch a laudable nndertrking, espe- cially in the absence of tboae aoalal ties whioh are ao ritq'uisite lp indaoe a person to discontinue, amusements, of a more exciting if not of a more 'praiseworthy obaraoter. Toe Orange Sold Escott thie week will be considerably obgmented by tbe Wantwotth contingent, whiob must be at leaat 1800 ounces, If it ls all forwordei. Not so bad for a email placet Notwithstanding the almost oertsinty of reaping a rich reward: wbisb awaits the miner who ia able to bold oat here amil the vein is atraobi yet tbis is one ol the worst- of placea for a miner.without capital to come to, for tbe work la not only exceedingly laborious and tedionp; but also very.expen alve,:and bat alow progress sao be made in it ander'any oircamatonoes. Maroh la, 1601, BcBBxruBs UMJDEB anna -Intelligence reaehed town yeateroay morning of two oaBes of robberies ander arma on tho Tuena road on Sunday last. An Italian named Jobn Padrone, a travelling jeweller, was robbed cn tha morning of thal day of money and Jewellery to tbe extent of about Ü1T0¿ and a dray of Mr. Chard's was Btook pp. and plundered of some gin, &5, The particulars of Pedrono'a robbery ere aa followa:-The pedlar reaohed Vardy'e public-houa a about four o'oloob p.m: on Satur- day, and etoppad tba night tberr.. WbilBt baylng.suppcr be Baw there a young mun, whom ba bélleveB to ba one ofthose who eubaequently robbed him. After breakfast on Sunday morning, ha alerted aboat half pa*t eight o'clock on bia way to Laggan. Oa passing tbe old public house, inhoblted by Mr. Burrell, he, observing Borne wonen abont, asked-them to bay; something, bal they deolined ; be at the same lime'rbtnarked a man engaged, io eaddling a boree, and a boy apparently, on Iba look oat. .Ptoceeding on his wey hereaobed a spot about a mile farther on, and aboat four, milos from Yardj «--. CIOBB, inderd, io therplaoe whera. the ' Toona. mill wsB r0bbad-*»and hero. two ? ?? men on " ; bor«*»»« rode np to him.. The ¡one: looked , aboat ...l"' or 30 yetm.tf age, and waa, of.-short, atotnrei. tne other he did not observe BO olpsely.. Tb£ ypnng ona dismounted, and vthilàt the Other kepfPadrtn) ooveroa iwitb'a revolver; fae robbed "bim taking! biB ewag front him.: A shepherd who was by sa* him? robbet". After taking bia box containing the:jewellery and money, BB well as Si. 0 '. oui of bib pooket,' tbeUobbera left him. Pedrono tben made his way btfak to'Barren's, but saw no man abool the place lhere then. He asked for Ibo loan of a borBS and eome flratrme, elating bia intention to go lo pursuit of the robbers, bat waa tod tbot they bad none. He then went on to Vardy's, and I avjng obtained a horse there, rode to Binda to giro information .o tho police, but found all the pnliae absent excopt Ibo , lookup,koeper; ' He relamed to Vardy's, and finally gol Aa town yesterday morning. ? lb tho bottom of tbe jowo. leiy box BBB aboat JË80in no'es, togotbor wm two drafts from the Joint Btook Bank, Bathurst, tbo ona for £16 onrtbe branch in Goalbnir, end tbe other io* £90 on tba hoad office in 8ydnay, both in PiOipne* own favour. The jewellery laken waa worth #b*ut gW' In addition, to these two robberies, a Mr. LiffiUf. residing near Vardy's,-waa robbed on Saturday night ot a Baddie, and some floor, ^agar, cc). It IR much to ne regretted that Padrone stya Tie weald be unable olea»'! lo rííogolae tb* meo «gala,-QwUbum ChronWli 