™sm?m.m!M$¥py \\. ^tSK«*ttfi/\|llo*I»W7 / ?Then. w^i^^^nS^apiWaiy?^ -wbleb, ho'ivate^'Jll?i»^nJtoeoissro«EjnB^sfj: ndme- oOT»Ut^ol'd,ltaye9«fcB!«((kln--weatEe£ laoVbe«rinore|3wltfc3Ms]T4''«iiiB»i'4ti5tfag{ny cf .'HftaB35DK^T(i^tt9-!«err- ri-n^t^In.:tlre- t rnnnra1ian^^^;S|)^iMia*-wirW-^imto»- i are h'ns-^Mfiri!o?(!d,'.J^rdl!t^tS-^tif^M; pVsjJihrSrSn^^fB^fcnaiijilolg'nihylWMccHB-. cwnlch JiM'Ujioq'ded- the iij- osentntjoh.v^fotlior^ 'PUyV(-fjrurf;^e»l.*i;b6tJ{du^T.;tMx%eXnV maDnfjemcfntfit.ii n't nifreauminiilo to presume that this, tha latest rtrvlyil/will bo.in accordance with all the rest.' / ,'?''- HiTniRKEr X II EAT II K. \- -Edflfarfl ?toiiefVoper aoT llre'n'Nlght UincorV,' produced at thin house on Monday even! g, is ono of tho* most truly poctiotl efforts of our English compo«ri; but, like many other work* ot rare raari', ita grot cxde lonce has not bean recognised in proportion to its deserts. It is not a little remarknhle, howovor, that after having achieved a striking aucccM on its ft\st represen tation at ihe Prvjcou's, in London, nearly twenty years ago, it should -t once have b--en l«id upon the shelf; thcro.to remain until 18Gj, when It w]1 revived nt -2ovant G-vrilon, undir the aui-plcc« of that most popular favourite, Miss Louisi Pyne, who, however, did tut herself ap penr in it, but allotted the principal character to Ma-lame Palmier), snrticwl at to the surpii e i.f tho musical world. It hm always been a source of regret that tho lin-eltist, Mr. Soame, did not preserve,, without alteration, the miuinai idea which suggested tho ballot of ' Gisolle,' upou which the opera is founded. Tlia prescnlatir n of tbo mpernntnriil action, in the ahape of a dream, deprives thowprk of a good de.il of that. ntttactivorfeH which norewarily belongs to tho terrible nnH weinJ-liko. It is, perhaps; more immediately satisfactory to witness - favourable ending to a Btory, whether dramatic or lyrloil, but the Impression communicated is not bo endurin'. 'It Trov»tnre' would not havo enjoyed no lonir llie populntliy It obtained, if Mnnrico and his brother ihe Count had dUco vcred their rela'iiinship. »ml had agreoi to live in amity for the rest al thrir lives ; and no 1'oubt if Giselle wcro allowed to become a ioW in reality. and dance mortals to death, as i* tho wont of these terpsichorean phantoms, the ' Night Dancers'' would have ft mtinh more permanent plaoo upon tliostasc, Bit tho eipera was com posed nt n timo when the sensational had not begun to be so active an clem mt in st»ge repre sentations. If Mr.Sotmc had mitten hi* libro to list year instead of in 1845, be would no dout.t have deferred to tin prevailing taste, and so have scored for Mr. Loilor'« work n ranch uvre enduiincplnco upou tho bonrds. This, no donht, Is not fltttorlnc to the rare skill and gouu'ne art with which the opera it cotnpsspd, but it cnn«t tutei only one of many other imtancai In which tho intrinsi: merits of a work are considered second iri'y to thuso which nrtt mp n'v mlititjinL hub tiprluns tnorc diraotlv obvious For th*i rouiic of this optra is not of that ad captinium character whlcii take) the car by storm, and leaves no onporlnni!y for tUo judgment to question tha correctness of conclu sions to which the mind may have come. He purpose is too consistent to permit nf iti hcliiR token in pieces and admired separately, anil its composor was too conscitititi-m« a cultivator of the art to which ho devoted his i;reat powers, to allow hlcn«ol( to Im a mere miniihcturer of material for French pianos anil btrrel organs. At some future period of this world's history, there is no doubt that the propriety o( efforts like his will recoife the full measure of its appreciation, but at present s'lch composer* must bo rvntent rather to abide tho coininjof this gool time, than to look with sanpuinc confi ltnce for present lecog nitlon. It ii, however, rmitiootly ea' iif actory to find that not only havo we in Melbourne au operatic company enpable of doing very consi derable, justice to this work, but n public n't slow to evince. the gratiflcitinn which is felt thereat. For ihouRh, as we h ve Baiil, 'The i Night Dancers' may not evoko tumultuous np plnu;o by reason of any raerotricious qualities, it will, nivcrtholess, command the support of tho discerning, who »ra a'tracM lens by elitler and iflAFv tlisn hv ft^orttniT Av/tpilnrWA Tho ntniv n thin opera it not nnfa i Iliar to a. Melbourne audlonco. The Pallet of 'Giselle' was pro diioed nt'trc Theatre Roynl more than fivn years aga, that moit graceful of all danftvtct, Theroio being the heroine upon tint occnsiin. Tho Im pression cnramnni''aled by the b»llit, however, was somewhat different in' dd.il from that experienced by nitnossing tha opcr». The gfnoral o -nclusionj wore, ? nrvertbeieys, much of a- llko natqr-s always 'xceptinc that, the event* wore, to be regarded aB actunllv occorrincr, and not M plcturfa aug jesttd hy a disturbed fancy. Ohelle wna bglovcd by ivl'riiloe ih the (julso of a peniant, nnd on' h«ln» made svnte that her lover was nffiqnnod To a I'djf.o? his o-»o rank. »ha went mad, finally d'ed^and becoming (UjombaJM, war trans formed Into* sort of Jancing Rhoule, whoso buti* ness It wai to transform mortals Into gUou'cs of similar saltatory tendencies. Tha Princo was made awaro of the locality where his lnst love practised these continual exercises, and thither he ropslre I, with an evident intention lo j' th- community of will!*, but his designs were for a time frustrntod by an humble rivil of his taking his place, and so forestalling him in his intention It was Id bo suppo'eil, however, that tlie Prince. AU eventually irratify hi- deriirn cf entering into the «tato of wllll-hooi, for ho In/down mud gave up the ghost in a manner exceedingly decant, and the billot terminated by everybody danotng Id the roaddeit po'i bla manner. In the opera now belnp performed, tho lie oine, Glsellf , dreams all about the wlHIi. She is nbouf boin j married, and tho circumBtancss of such a- condition arc sufficient tn j i»tify evon a more distempered state, of the Imagination tltn-i that from which xhe auffera. fibe dreams that her lover Is really n nobleman, who hat a hrido of hi* own rank, that she dies on tha eve nt her marriage, that she is receivnd into the wllli fraternity, and tint her futuro exittenco - is tn bn dovnted tn dancing mortals mad, and Musing them to fling them selves into the lake, liar Drat exporuneut of this kind is practiced upon a sort cf low comedy character named Fridolin, upon whom it I* perfectly successful. Her nextli upon her lover Albert, but aim awakes before tho effect upnn him is completed, -'nd tho happy denouement comes about foithwiUi. It may be suppofei that, in the .character of Gisello, Mias Rmru- Howson wonlc1 realise even very high expectations, both in respect of lyrical requirement-', arid also nj to such acooinpan)in; qualifications as tend tocompletetheTesamblnncc of the pat. The genuine success sho achiuTcd In the character of Arc.i'in warranted wall iucIi au expectation, and tlie result is amply confirma tory. Her efforts aril quito sufficient to make tho S'JcceM of the pliil'. if even the subordinate parts had been less sulficleally filled. Her voice appears to be singularly veil adapted, not only to the muflc, Bhstniotodly considered, but also to tho proper interpretation, of the sense it is intended to cdnvoj-.-^JSlio oould hardly. Indeed, bavo solectod n part moro decidedly confirmatory of the opinion thift hat been formed of lur very high capabiHti-s as an (iperatic singer. la '? He Iov-b mo, ha loves mo not,' an.idi.-a', by the way, tuken from Goethe's V Faust,' sUo expresso' n chnrmi in pl&intive;'icas whose 'truly appropriate feeling it would bi difficult to exceed; nnd in tho Impassioned nir, ' Fiy from this fatal vale,' she asserts her Indisputable, claim to be connlderod an octrois of a very jioperior or ler, by the manner in which she employs vucnl moduiatiiiu to convey tbo warning she denircsio glvo to her fascinated lover. The part of Mary, isplcasbgly andcharac tctistlcally Buataineil l,y Miss Clelia Honaon. and, at the Princess Bortha,. Madame ,Cnrandlni l» perfectly at home, both as regards dignity of appearance and in the volume of voice that nno cannot help associating with tho character. Mr. Sbertrin's Albert is dislingaiahod by much care, as it is his wont ; and I'riiloIIr, tbo buff, of the piece, la humorously giro', by Mr. F. Ilowuon. Thd accessories of the opera ntn reasonably com plete, nnd the attendance during the week has boon such as to indiote. Iho likelihood' of a tnlerablo run. Its novelty, at any rate, ought to secure for it au extmsiva range of patrojago. * The nninuucomont of tho appearance ol Professor Popper's Ghost, produced with new effects novor before attempted in this colony, failed to atlrat't paying audiences nt this theatre, The series nf spectral i1IhkIi(u» wore preceded by a nhort introductory lecture by Mr. Forrest, in which he traced tin history of apparitions, from the time of the Witch of. JJndor to that vt the asfrologcr, Ur. D.e. .Th»t portion of tlie outcr tai.iment which followed thosonjuring nnd Jar ing of various ghosts — namely Im electro. blologlaal experiments by Mr.' G. Jfii. Cosflord— wero much moro keenly tcllsifiiLBwlie audience, and loemed to grow in faTouj^iiring tbeweuk,' Tho experltnentg porformW -by , (Jin on bis Bulijocta were certainly 8urprjslj)cj,;nDd In mont eajoi highly divertiug;, Whoirtliidtr tbo ''iiifluincp ho fiends a portion 'of hl« niidiolico up in a balloon,' ) aome j tire, in imaeibitjon, .' shfpwreckod, .and I otnert he compols to rideva chair under the iru prewlon. that they ' 'aMjiii. horiaback.*. 'Thoso experiments are vnriatte^ry n'gh', »nd loam to1 be performed by tlie''dji«'rktor witli tbe giMteit'. easo. ) ,' ?'.'.;. -I ?? . ' ? ;-.« VnOVJlUitAt,:- ? ' \',- .'? ; i\ BAltiARAT;— Exo«pi*Di)\Thursday «7enfnp;, ? when; the performance wc;cr for ths bcnidt of rf. -6. W. Chandler, the Royjl ha. been elosed SrVimMb. wcer. yo-iilBht, Mr. Barlow H to qJaaar^J( hiKteen llioldi8aroMe'i|| »'l UW Campbull Minstrel, h&^MLifiM':' ness. The Observer st-ae«;iiiil---''°-»'1 ?'?',. ances on Monday evening for the benefit of Messrs.- Bont and Swdfonl, were announced »b being under Iho patronago cl Colonel Bixgs, Licuteunnt-Coloncl Mayo, nnd the volunteer'. The .tlonOanco was nn isua'.ly large, and both the gallant offlours whose names we hnva men tioned wero present, the latur, with » party of ilsiies nnd contloracn, occupying the Govdrnor s land adjoining boxes Tho snnjs went . oB as u«u»i, Hnrvty'B -' Deal with me kindly being bevond 'doubt the gem of tl.e ovening. ?Tho dnnclnu wan exctsedinRly Biicco«srul, pnr n^rticul»rlv Sand/ord's ' Pai do Fasoinntion and ' Silver Bolt Jig.' Holmes, ton, » as very hippy in his troves ic of oirous rio'inir. The whole wound up with one of thoso aluurd farcea at ?which the gravest spectator cannot holp lauglnne ?heartily,- though he ii nlmost ns ho»rtily .ytxvi ?with himself for d iig so. Thero wns n very good attendance nt tho thoatre on Wednesday, the perfortnanco beioir for tho benefit of Messra. Carr, Owon anl Reading, atago attcn fonts. Amongst the novelties of iho tntortalnment may lie me-ntloned Mr. Dwou's hornripc, which was oncorid and a performance of popular airs on 1G hnnd-bells by Mr. F. Sroythe. The pro gramme inc'uded a variety of songs, danccj, etc., and all went off vary Bucce^rully, brinjiug the aeasoato a natijfnctory terminati'n.' Dunedin,— The following Is from tho Olaijo Times, of 18lh January :— I'orhnps the vory worst dramatic vdrBlon of ' Nic'.iolns Nlckleby' It would bo possible, to write was produced at tbs Princeas Theatre, nn Sntuiday night, with groat success, the result being only dun to Iho admir able manner in which eome ol tha peraonagps in tho story woro delineated. In Mr. Jefferson, Ntwmari Noggs found an ablo rcprosenta'tlyo.tbe oddities of that ecccntiic individual being hit off in tho happiest manner. Tiic innko-up nnd tbo peculiarities of voice and gesturo werd capitally conceived, and the, unity of tho character waB strictly preserved tbrnughoiit tho pieco. The intollitfonco of a true nrtlet was shown in the careful attention dev.ited lo minor deta'1% such as tho rnttliittr of tho glass against his teeth when in a Btato of intoxication, a chronic pecu linrity of tbe whimsical old man. Mrs. HoltV Smiko was nn excellent representation, and dO'Crved tbo hearty appla-iso with which it was giceted. Mr. Harry Jackson succeeded in making tbo audience roar with laughter, not withstanding tbe (act that the cliaraoter ot oonn Ilrodio was unauitablo to Mm. Mr. and Mis. Squecra wore well represented by Mr.. Dunn and Mi's Mathewj, and Nicholas Nirklcby was evenly p'ajed by Mr. Richardson, Miss Marlon Dunn's maKo up anil acting of tho smaM pirt of Fanny S^uecrs were eminently truthful and satisfactory, and exhibited the possession of considerable comic power. MUs Ada Hart'a proiraituro of Tildi Pilco is also doservlng of praise. Exca.ition must bn tnkon to Mr. Hyan'a Ralph Niokleby. days Bcttom, ' I will roar, that I will do any mnu'd heart good to hear mo ; I will roar that I will make, the Duk«' say, Let him roar again, let him rotr^Ofain.' Mr. Ryan has evidently laid this passage to hoart, and adopted it as his oreed. Althouzb his rendering ot the Character was not satisfactory, his roaring was perfect. A great deal of clap trap is introduced into the pUc1, Iho author of which is — - not Liickens. 'iho ' Yankee Teamster' concluded the performances,' and in it Mr. Jefferson presented a portraiture of romark ablo originality, and one which kept the house in a state of great hilarity, although tbe piece itself is evidently Intended not to he compre hended by e .tnmon minds. To-night, tho world. lamed 'American fjonain* ? wi'i do poancoa The cimplo announcemont will be sufficient to draw n crowded house. Latjnoeston. — A troupe of equestrians havo appeared wit'i great success at the, Circus Royal, On Thursday, '21«t, Madame Hcnriquoi took a benefit,' undor the patronaga of tbo Launcetton Volunteer RiUe Corps, whan every part of tha circus wal crowded Harry Adams, the clown, mado his first appoarnncs on the occasion, and the company is to be still further strengthened by the addition of Young Ranbaol. ' Stdnky.— Wo extraot tho following from the Herald ot the 21st:— 'It, was not until Mr. Kean'o aDpearonca as Shylock, in the' itorohnm ofVenioe,' with his talcuted nifo as PonU, that tbo oxtont of thoir abilities was fully roalise i. Since then Mr. and Mm. Kean luvo uppeared in 'Hamlet,' ' Mncbah,' 'Richard the Third.' ' Othello.' ' Henry tho Third.' ' Much Ado about . Nothing,' ' Louis the Eleventh,' ' Pinrra,' 'KineJohn,' 'Tha Honaymoon,' the 'Joalous Wilo,' and the ' Wondor.' ' Hamlet' hOB been tho most popular, though wo think it would havo been surpasno'l in pnhlic favour by 'Kin,: John,' if the Inttor play had been produced . eirlier. The performance ef Mr. and Mrs. Koan, as tha King ai.d Lady Ct-n- fttnee,' was indeed admirable, and has been a topic of conversation in the theatrtoal world o! UiiB city. It was only performed once. Mr. Kean's Wolsey was also much admired, and wo regard it as one of his finest impersonations. A very pleasing feature during tin performance' nf Mr. Eean was tho very crowded house on Iho night of Miss Chapman's benefit. This young I idy is n great favourite, aud Bhe roceived prnolicai proof of it from a hcuso ctoredud in every part. It Is unncceisary for .us to do more than endorse the opinion so frequently expressed in' tho mother country of the talents of the Kean's— to enter Into any lengthy disquisition on tlm subject would bo morely 'sending coals to Newcastle' Their . -highly-finished reprcsonUtions hivo 'elevated the taste to an rxtont wliicb will not be fully realised until tlicy bavo loft us, and tho Baino pieces shall bo performed by other artists then, we may vonture to predict, will Mr. and Mrs. Kean's performances be bettor understood, and more fully appreciated, than they are even now. The public oi Australia arc indebted to Mr. Coppin for inducing Mr. and Mrs. .Koan to visit Australia— and to Mr. W . Lvstor for their appearance in Sydney. Mr. Kean wbb Bafforing Irom constipation, and st one litno his illness assumod a very serious nature, but we are glad to state a change tit tho hotter occurred on Tuesday evening, and ho is now progressing favourably.' MX8OEKI.A1VEOV7S. Mr Ciiahles ICVan.— Turn c«lebratad tra gcdiau is slowly ri covorinir, and is expected to return by tho City of Melbourne- on her next trip. It hns been reported that Mr. Kenn was advised to visit TAimania fur the benefit of Ilia health, but no authentic tolegram haB been re ceived by hU r. profentativo in Melbourne of hi intention to do so. We since oly hope to bo ablu to annomico that he is suffioleutly recovorod to fulfil his Unllaarat and other cnsagomenls. The Leopolds' Benkimt.— Tho Biolhora Leopold and Fnuleln Fanny' announce their benofit for noxt Thursday oTcnlnir, nt the Theatre Horal. Thoy have not as yot Usued thoir cvenlnp'ii programme, but a portion of it ia to be the harlequinade of Ihe pantomime, in which they have figured so successfully for ttio last five weeks. Aapahtomimists and ballet dancers, wo havo nerer lnd their superior In Australia, and we trust that the public will shew their appre ciation of their merits ' by awarding thorn a bumper houso. . . .. ...^ ? 