r B T E M S O F J E W S . ', An advertisement in another column an nounces .that allottees of shares -in the proposed Sir Henry Barkly Gold- Mining and Crushing Company, now dissolved, may "have their de posits returned to them on application' to Mr Butterworth, the treasurer. - A deputation from the Newslead and . Gamp- hell's Creek Boad Boards, accpriipanied by-Dr Macadam, M.L.A., .. and Mr., A. J. Smith, M.L.A., made an application to the .Commis sioner of Eailways and ltoads on. Thursday for the removal of ri toll-bar on the Yoad between Ballaarat arid Castlemaine, witli a view to' com pelling the traffic from Fryerstown to Castle maine to priy toll. ; Mr Grant suggested that it was necessary, before, The; application could be taken into consideration, that a ;certairi. resolu- :;tiorion)i-he..>uy Uampbell's Creek Eoad Board some time ago should be rescinded, and that the local .bodies who would be interested in the toll if the bar were removed to the proposed site should endeavor to agree amongst themselves as to the distribution Of the funds. When these: preliminary -steps Were 'taken,, he" would be ffisposed to gfarit the appli- cation.. ;-'7_ V;,: J ' A general m eeting of the corps, took place on' .Thursday evening, at the Orderly Eopm, to:,con- isider the question of retaifiirig' the services Jof a markeivat the butts. After some .: discussion it was moved' arid " carried, That ' the ' amrhuriitiori be continued at the present price, and Marker Allcsio remain- at trie J vine Ground, with a salary as heretofore. Col. Bull stated it was his intention to have a review on Her" Maj esty 's birthday, and he should, ask the Sandhurst Rifles an d the 2n d Castiemaina to atten d . He also said; it was contemplated having Yperformance in the Theatre on that evening, for the purpose .of en abling the Corps to provide new uniform foivthe Band. The Colonel -informed " those ' present -that the shako iriust be wOrri-at the inspection on. Wednesday week in place of the forage cap/ ; . The old adage .... of " penny-wise and : pounds foollrf received affircible illustration in a case whicli occur red?in tlie Chewton Pol ice Cour t on Thursday last. A hurgess appealed against the yaiuation made by - the Council pfffiis various; ' properties;, ;Mr T; L.. Brown, Town ClCfk and Surveyor; was prepared .with ; all, the necessary books and docrimerits to" oppose the/ appellant, but not bein g an attorn ey . on a person specially authorised by the Council,' the Bench had no 'alternativ.o ,but;to;giv6 a decision; pr an -ex parte -statement. ; The case Was one which would have evidently given rise to considerable argument and it is said to be' still possible for the Council to take a step which would lead to the confirma tion of the original assessment.-.. . Be this as it may the- imperptive necessity! M Councils being properly represented in such appeals has been rendered apparent; although,- perhaps, unprofit able so 'iri the' present instance to the Chewton Council. - A small rrish of ratepayei's,' anxious to appeal,;. took' place at, the Town Clerk's office immediately after the magisterial, decision in the case referred to was given, but/. the time for .doing sp had expired the day previous.,. 7 Barlow, the well-known vocalist arid " Original Blue Tailed Fly;" gave the first of a series of. three entertainments at the Theatre Eoyal last- evening. An unpleasantly wet arid chilly after- noori prevented a large house, but not" an en thusiastic one, and a , cordial and heart recep tion was given to an " o!d favourite." The songs were sung in his usual excellent style, and the several instruments — especially the Eock Har- monicum — were played with a skill which could only be acquired by continuous practice, com bined with a correct musical taste. The spirit- stirring song " The Merry Men of England," and the simpler, but not less beautiful one, " Creep before ye Gang " were loudly ap-, plauded; while the drofiery'of ;'fHaye you seen the Ghost," and the excessive ludicrousness of "The Five Cripples,", were perfectly irresistible. Tbe "Nigger" part of the performance was also : provocative of much hearty laughter. The amusement of the /evening was greatly assisted by Mr Walter Howson, the Banjo Soloist, and Mr Bichard Herz, tbe German Pianist. The cricket match between. two elevens of the Chewton and Flyers Creek clubs came off on Wednesday as pre-arranged. The weather was congenial, the groupd in passable condition, and the interest evinced in the game was not slight. The Fryerstown men perhaps expected a defeat, and the score will show to what extent their ex pectations were realised. The batting of B. and M. Amos was very good, and Eogerson showed efficiency in his au Caisar stroke. The best three catches of the day were made by Eoger son, Maleolt, and E. Brice, the first was es pecially excellent. The day's sport passed off in the most pleasant manner, as the winding-up match should, and Mrs Melntyrc's catering of the creature comforts gave very general satis faction. The toss up between Captains Eoger son and Amos was won by the latter, who sent the Chewton men to the wickets, and thus com menced the game The Fryerstown men made 36 runs in their first innings, and 54 in the second— or a total of 90 runs. The Chewton team scored in their first innings 81, aud in the second 64— or a total of 145 runs ; thus wiuuiu by 55. We are requested by the Committee of the Benevolent Asylum to mention that the in mates are much in want of clothing, and that donations of left off apparel (especially men's and boys') would, at the preseut time and with the approach or rather the continuance of cold weather, lie very acceptable. Wc need scarcely say that this is a hint that requires little urging on our part, and we have no doubt that once given it will be acted upon by those who can easily spai\e the cast off occupants of their ward- jobgs, " - We have received from Mr' Poole, of this- towD, a newly-published map of the Australian colonies, compiled by Mr Owen — a geographer with whom our readers np doubt are already fa miliar—and carefully lithographed by Mr Bolton of Melbourne. " The details of the map are laid down from the latest surveys, and as it is on the scale of fifty miles to the inch, it allows of the greatest minuteness and accuracy. Every gathering of a population, that is worthy of no tice, is marked out as clearly as larger and more important towns. The rivers and creeks are distinctly defined ; and the mountains and other physical features of the colony are pointed out. The coloring is very neatly executed, and the names of towns, &c.;, are very distinct. The map is the more valuable as it contains the routes of Burke and other Australian explorers. It is, indeed, a marvel of completeness and accu racy, and no doubt its compilation has been the work of some study and labor. Mr Poole, Argus Chambers, Mostyn- street, is the agent for Castlemaine. The price, mounted and var nished, is £2 10s. The following is the latest report of the con dition of the Benevolent Asylum : — Eemaining in the House 9th April, 1864, 11 men, 3 women, 19 boys, 15 girls ; total, 48. Admitted since, 1 woman ; left, 1 boy. Eemaining in the House 7th May, 11 men, 4 women, IS boys, 15 girls ; total, 48. In addition to tbe above, out-door re lief lias been afforded to 44 families, consisting of 13 men, 34 women, 87 children; total, 134 persons. Mr Aaron, of Market-square, has;shownus quite a perplexing variety of. steroseopic views lately received by him from England, and which are executed in the highest style of art. The subjects are for the most part novel, and the price at which they are published, is such as to place them within the means of everyone who desires to add to the attractions of his drawing room table. The steroscope is now a recognised institution in every domestic circle, and as a means of killing time during the long evenings, we know of few things that should cpmmend themselves more readily to the attention of in- leieccuai jianneurs. we were also snown a great number of new cartes-de-visite of eminent persons suitable for albums, and which.are about as good specimens of the photographic art as can well be obtained. _ ; Y _ The next general election, writes the Melbourne correspondent '-of the wffi; iii wH probability take place in October next, -and the New'Parlia-c; ' riient wilUmeet for the dispatch of business at the beginning of November. r ; : - ' L Charles; Ogilvy, Esq., has? been gazetted as- : Captain in the 2nd .Company of the -CaStlemairie Eilles. ' _ " " The Maori Chiefs, who have " attain'ed such popularity/ riri ' Engird", ; l|aye at lasigoj|irito , trouble, arid a collection is;.beirig iriade to pay < their' expripses. to) tneir native' land. Her Majesty lias.sent outBomare and his wifexat her ; own expense'. ' ' ... It is rumoured that MrKelly, late? police 1 luagis trate) a t D en iliquiu , arid; who was;Yecently dismissed'by the New South Wales Govern - _ jnenfe Jhr sundry iHegubmties," Eas/received an appointment pn thri Border Customs staff. ! j ; who fqr 7 some -years; haK been "coririected with' ibe. Telegraph Office here, is abqut removing; -to; ;the - Eedbank station; ; of which, he will have charge. A number of friends wishing to" give expression- to! fheirigoo A feeling? towards him invited ihim to. supper at the Vic-1 toria Hotel on;W ednesday. .. The best wishes of the company were happily expressed towards1 the guest? of ;the; night,-;, and. .the --heartiness /of them must have been both flattering and pleas ing to the recipient. ' !; ;v-/ 700/ ;- -r An attempt is beirig.made, says the Herald to postpone "the: . action, ' brough fc /by Mr;i Brooke against the- 'proprietors' of the ri, ; for months. An. application has been made tq' the ? Supreme Court, ori v behalf of; Messrs Synie, to issue a commisssion for the ;purpose of examin ing witnesses in England and New Zealand. " The names of Mr Bramwell, the manager of the London Chartered Bank ; Mr M'Ewan, of the firm of M'Ewan and Houston, now resident in the United Kingdom ; and of Messrs Shaw and ' Harnett, printers and publishers of Duriediu,. are mentioned as being able to -:giye.". material evidence. The matter will be argued, before a Judge in Chambers, to-day. Our con- -temporary is evidently apprehensive :df . the regult- of the trial. ; ; 7 - . Mr, and Mrs Kean gave their second and -concluding entertainment-—" Headings arid Re citations from Shakespeare and, Other Poets" — before a numerous and fashionable audience, in the Mechanics.' Institution, last evening. Part the first- comprised the reading of select scenes From Shakespeare's historical play of " King Henry YII1. ;" and the second part, recitations of Byron's" Prisoner of Chiijon," by Mr Kean ; Wordsworth's " We are Seven," by Mrs Kean; and Campbell's "Lord; Ulliri's Daughter," by Mr Kean. The " We are Seven," . of Mrs Kean, was rendered in such a manner as to in duce the audience to insist upon its repetition, which request was gracefully complied with. Amongst those present were His Excellency the Governor- arid . Miss Darling. These readings' have evidently afforded so rich a treat to" a ririmber of persons in our community who have! objections to attend theatres, as well as to others wlio appreciate both good acting and elocution ary power, that all will regret that these ap pearances of Mr arid Mrs Kean should have been so limited in number.— Argus.,. : . ; Lieut. Saxby, of H.M.S. Devonshire, whose weather predictions have gained him so much notoriety in .Australia, has written a long letter of egotism and gi-atitude to the editor of the Argus. After taking the trouble to impress upon us that his past predictions have been ac curately fulfilled, and that his future predictions may be the means of " saving life and property," he promises us further information of the weather, providing any correspondent in Australia will furnish him with the following information : — Daily height of the barometer (two or three times a day if possible). Daily direction of the wind (compass bearings). Daily force of wind, either in pressure or velocity, or byj estimation, as " gales," &c.; Daily thermoneter at nine a.m. Daily quantity of cloud vapour (fog in particular). Daily rainfall. The following are his predictions to the 29 th of July: — 1864 — 4 to 6 — Likely to prove a boisterous or dangerous period ; 1J tb, 18th, 25th. May 1st, 8tb, 15th, 22ud, 29th. June 4th, 12th, 19th, 25th. July 2nd, 9th, 16th. 22nd, 29th. From an article in the Age, professing to be a biography of Mr Cardwell the newly appointed Secretary of State for the colonies we take the following : — " Mr Caldwell's career in office has been equally rapid and reputable. Under Sir Robert Peel be was Secretary of the Treasury from February, 1S45, to J uly, 1S46, when ho retired with his chief after the corn law; settle ment and tho conservative break up. In the government of Lord John Russell, Mr Cardwell's eminent business talents aud commercial know ledge were made available, much to the advan tage of the country, as President of tlie Board of Trade, which office he filled from December, 1852, to February, 1S55. On assuming that im portant administration, he was sworn-iu as a mein- of the Privy Council. In 1859 ho was appointed Chief Secretary for Ireland. Mr Cardwcll's next step was the appointment to the Chancellor ship of the Duchy of Lancaster, in 1861, with a seat in the Cabinet. Tbe Northara brings one spotted deer and a few partridges for the Acclimatisation Society. " The magnificent season we are now enjoy ing," says the Riverine Herald, " is doiug won ders for the farms and gardens in the neighbour hood of Moamu and Echuca.,. Vegetation of everjVdescription is most luxuriant, and second crops of tobacco, said to be even better than the first, which were considered highly satisfactory, ( have been brought up by the late abundant | rains and the succeeding genial weathey," j In addition to our telegraphic news of yester day, we gather the following from the Melbourne, journals From Sydney we learn that an ac tion, Nash v. Bank of New South Wales , respect ing the amount of the alleged forged cheques, has been commenced, and is likely to last several days. Important disclosures will probably be made.— Rich prospects have been obtained at the new gold-field in the province of Marl borough, and are causing great excitement at Nelson.— Adelaide news of Thursday, state that " the Queen has presented to our Institute a copy of the late Prince Consort's speeches, with her autograph." It appears that the public has not heard the last of the conjugal troubles of Mr. Alexander Hunter, surgeon, late of Melbourne, and now resident in Dunedin. A Melbourne contem porary says Mrs Hunter has, within the last day or two, sworn an information, charging her husband with deserting her. The affidavit states that her husband left the colony in November last ; that at the time he left he owed her £8, under an order made by the Supreme Court for the payment of £8 monthly to his wife, for her support ; and that, at the present time, £56 was due on this order, he having failed to send her any remittances since his departure. Upon this a warrant has been issued for the apprehension of Mr Hunter, on the charge of desertion, and it will be forwarded by the next mail to. New Zealand, for execution. The officers of Customs commenced, on Thiirs- day, (he collection of the wharfage rates im posed by the bill which became law on "Wednes day evening. The new rush near Inglewood appears tp be something more than a myth. The Advertiser says : — The discovery of gold on Caledonian Flat is already beginning to exercise its influence. Last night Cobb's ' coach from Eaywood was crowded with men evidently made of the. right sort ofstuff, and the most of them bearing their swags, buridened with which they immediately turned their faces towards the land of promise on the other side of the Caledonian Eecf. Tho "Dnnnllv rnsti is vp/nnrfcerl bv the Maw. borough; Advertisdr to be progressing favourably Nuggets and fine gold are . being obtained in toler- abie plenty. ; / ? / The Melbourne Hounds/; will meet . this f day, at GaMeigh Steeple at 9 a. m.: ; v;: v 