COLONIAL CRAMBO. THERE appears to be yet one " novel industry " to which the fostering attention of tlie Government has not been publicly called, viz., colonial poetising. We have before us a volume from the press of those enterprising publishers, Messrs. WILSON" and MACKINNON, entitled " The New Rush, and other Poems and Songs, by J. ROGERS." With most industrious exertion, Mr. ROGERS has produced eighty pages of assorted rhyxne, some of which we scarcely hesitate to compare with, what we can inlagine to have been TENNY- SON'S earliest efforts—liis very earliest, when ALFRED the glorious wore a pinafore and ate thick bread and butter. Our author appears to have been impressed with the fact that "there are many prose works in circulation, relating to the gold- fields of Victoria," while, at the same time, he was led to deplore the dearth of poetry on the subject. There was evidently an opening for a poet; and Mr. ROGERS felt that he was the man for the emergency, as, to quote from his preface, " I have much experience in such matters, having joined nearly all the great rushes that took place during the last ten years." Hollo ! Will the kind reader pardon our calling his (or her) attention aside for one moment to a conundrum ? Why does the poet J. ROGERS remind one of an old chair-mender ? Give it up, of course ? Because he lias passed his time in joining rushes 1 To resume, Mr. ROGERS has experienced a misapprehension similar to that of Monsieur JOUBBAIN, who had spoken prose for forty years without knowing it. J. ROGERS has published a budget of "poems and songs," without suspecting them to be each and all most peculiarly prosaic, For example, here are the first eight lines in the second part of " The New Rush '' I think there's gold at Farwood, once I got On the spot some extremely yellow ore, And sold it for the neat genuine metal Which all men covet, yet not one can eat; Now, as my long experience told, traders, Being adepts in detecting spurious gold, 1 sprang to the conclusion at a bound The mighty mineral could be found there." These are the ipsissima verba of the poet J. ROGERS, a word or two being shifted in the second, third, fifth and eighth lines, to break the rhyme and leave the composition to stand upon its merit of poetic thought and language. Space will not permit our giving more tlian a few brief specimens of the poet's versatility. He speculates about the stars, and asks, " Does each contain within its local span The fractiGus female and malefic man 1 Lost in the labyrinth of doubt I wait The disentanglement of crawling Fate." Distressing position, but nothing at all, perhaps, to what miglit be one's feelings if ever (as J. ROGERS forcibly expresses himself) " Should mundane pangs excruciate your mind." Or when, in a paroxysm of jealousy, a fellow miglit be goaded to exclaim, " Should'st tliou refuse to strangulate the jealous doubts in me, I'll drink myself into a ghost and lay the blame on thee!" These quotations are taken from the superior compositions in the book. There is also a collection of " Minor poems," in one of which the bard plaintively sings, " But there are springs of joy and love Established in the poor's abodes, Unknown to wealthy men who rove To England's golden antipodes/' Which last line of the poet should—just place J, ROGEBS on the roads. With considerable thouglitfulness Mr. ROGERS lias appended to his songs and poems a "Glossary," so as to facilitate his highly imaginative language to the vulgar understandings of the common public. We are told that SWAG,—means luggage orj personal effects. JIBBER,—a horse "refusing to draw its load. CLAIM,—a small plot of ground of extent proportionate to the number of miners working it. LEAD,—course of the auriferous earth. PILE,—a fortune. STICK- UP,—to rob. DINGO,—The nativejdog or wolf that worries sheep. BILLY,—a tin pot to boil tea-water. BUNK, or STRETCHER,—a rough, self-made bedstead. LUBRA,—a blackfellow's wife. BUNYIP,—a fabled monster.—&c.; &c.; Now just please to picture the wild and fanatical belief in popular ignorance which must have prevailed in the poet's mind when he considered it necessary to prepare this information. Supposing that we were to seriously review Mr. ROGERS' poetry, and were to speak of it as a shy lot, a seedy arrangement, a shady sort of thing,—would we not insult the intelligence of J. ROGERS by appending to our critique such a glossary as this ? SHY,—of inferior quality, to a marked extent. LOT,—bulk, collection, mixture, aggregated items. SEEDY,—poor, weak, slipslop, dead-and-alive. ARRANGEMENT,—anything which it is inexpedient to more particularly describe. SHADY,—not brilliant. SORT OF THING,—synonym for "arrangement," as above defined. Nevertheless, there is much poetic energy and determination in the volume before us. The first words are " The new rush," and the last, " Advance Australia." Mr. ROGERS is evidently of the go-ahead persuasion—liis motto is that of old BLUOHER, Vorwarts— and he deserves encouragement. The autliorities should allow him a run on Mount Parnassus, with free selection and deferred payments, where the poet might grow his own bay leaves and show to what nobler purposes may oe applied that vegetable product which is at present degraded to the insignificant office of flavoring an apple dumpling. 