THOUGH the Land Drainage Bill introduced by Messre Mitchell and Robertson is not all that we would desire, it is certainly a step in the right direction, and if carried into iaw it will be a great benefit to the improving agriculturist, who Las any difficulty in the way of an obstructive neighbor that stands in tbe way of improvement. This measure was introduced by two of our Province members, at the instance of the Agricultural Association of Kyneton, which those gentlemen, Messrs Robertson end Mitchell, represent at the Board of Agriculture. It has been in some respects modified, and in other particu- lars corres|oods too closely with tbe English Act, but on tbe wbole, if properly carried out, it is calculated to effect much good. The Bill has already passed the ' Legislative Council, »nd its second reading has been carried in tbe Assembly without a division. Very few alterations have so far been made in committee, so that it is very probable tbe enactment wili become .law this year. It may not be out of place, therefore, to advert eg£in, briefly, to a few of the leading provisions of tbe measure.- t In the first place, landowners or others desirous of obtaining an out-fall for thedr&ina; *e of their lands are to have a safe and ready remedy- provided by the new BilL Persons, interested inland, or anxious to procure an. out fall for carrying off surface or Etoim water, can make application in writing to the owner, or to the occupier and. owner, if the latter be not in possession, eskrng- for leave to make the intended drains. The no>ic« must set forth the natnre of the drains contemplated, and-be accompanied by a map explaining Jthe proposed works, and also give particulars regarding the compensation which tbe applicant is willing to pay. If t^>B adjoining owner agrees to the term?, the applicant can forward such consent to tbe Clerk o! Petty Sessions, who will record the same, and if he fail to express his Acquiescence within one month after notice shall he served npon him, it will be taken for granted that he dissents therefrom. The princip* of arbitration is embodied in several clauses *>f tlie 'bill. and in case of dissent, it is left to the Justices in Petty Sessions to decide, ^eAer'the proposed drains or improvements, will cause injnry to the adjouiing land or property, and whether a money compensation will be sufficient to repair vuj damage done, or tithemise. What we have to object to i-uo measure is, : bat it t,top~ too sliart, and will not corner upon the improving agriculturist, tie advantages he is fuilv entitled to. We be:ieve. that tbe measure should not be so close a copy of the Imperial Act, as the circumstances of this colony are quite different. Some means nanst be adopted to prevent this difficulty, but, on the whole the bill is calculated to eSect much good. We do not see however, why the proposition has besn abandoned, whereby parties through whose lands drains were made, ehouid. not contribute a portion of the expense. In nine cases out of ten, if the physical formation of the ground, be in anywise favorable, the continuation of tbe drain through the low-lying grounds, will confer much benefit on those localities. Hence the landowner is benefited, and instead of receiving compensation, he should pay something reasonable for the improvements made to the value of his property. Indeed tbe rights of property are held to be too sacred or are too sedulously preferred, to remove tbe obstacles to progress, that so often rise in the way. We fear that the drainage bill leans too much to the circumlocution style, and that it will be rather cumbrous and difficult in its operation. Every year adds to tbe difficulty, and we think, that practical farmers would do well to plan and decide for themselves. In this locality we must all admit, tbat this year is somen hat critical tor testing the working of the new Act, in case it be cairied into law. Parties "ara not in a position to expend much- ou the drainage of their land, when nearly a fourth of their crops has been destroyed by rust and caterpillar. Still we think that drainage is of paramount importance for the enrichment of the soil. In Victoria, owing to tbe high price of labor, drainage would be very costly, and perhaps there is no place settled where the expenses would be greater than here. The soil is of that retentive character that, in several instances, pools are being formed. We have noticed the organisation of several local movements, and are fully convinced that no complete system of drainage law will be carried out daring the present Parliamentary session. Mr Mitchell's bill is, however, an instalment, and must he thankfully received, as the subject is beset with difficulties. In the Kyneton district this drainage question assumes more importance, not only in consequence of tbe advanced stage of agricultural developement at which we have arrived, but from the im- {•ervious and retentive nature of the soil. To stimulate the improving landowner, it is not, however, sufficient that the law should em- power him to obtain an outlet for drainage through his neighbor's land, but, under certain restrictions, his neighboring landowner should be made to pay in some measure for the improvement made upon his property. Without some such provision Mr Mitchell's Act is defective, and its operation will not be nearly so beneficial as it would be otherwise. In the Assembly, we notice that Mr Wood has introduced an amendment in tbe eleventh clause, by means of which the applicant who is authorised to clear drains, "will he empowered to erect a fence alongside such lines of drainage, if he think requisite. The other clauses up to this seem to have met with the approbation of the Assembly generally, and unlets some unexpected difficulties are thrown in the way, the Drainage Bill will' be passed into law during tbe present session. Tbat it will be a beneficial measure there can be little doubt, but we fear it will fall far short of what was expected from it, by its original promoters here. Drainage, however, in an extensive and thoroughly efficient manner manner, as carried, out in the old country, would-be too expensive here, and we have to make the best substitutes we can. Its utility sod absolute necessity, in some instances, cannot be questioned, and it may well be said tbat proper drainage lies at tbe root of all good farming, as, without this indispensable requisite, whether natural or artificial, no good crop can be raised. JSo person should be allowed to become obstructive, and, adopting a " dog in the manger" policy, thus place a bar against all advancement. Every measure that tends to develop the great natural resources of the country is deserving of popular support, and a bill such as thai now under the consideration of Parliament, ought to he carefully considered, and not carelessly thrown aside. Tbe interests of this Kyrnt in farmer are identified with those of the agriculturists of other districts, and nothing could give more weight to the advocacy of tbe claims of the producer than the adoption of this Qiil, providing snch great facilities for tbe drainage of agricultural lands. If the Bill pass, it will, for the present, be only a tentative measure, and a few months will test its adaptability to meet tbe requirements of tbe district. In any case, tun principle has been affirmed—that drainage of agricultural lands onght to be carried out where practicable, and where means are at disposal, and it is only the carrying out of that principle to its full extent that we insist npon, and therefore we are desirous to see Messrs Mitchell and Robertson's bill, even with its shortcomings and defects, passed into law during the present session of Parliament. As we fully expected, the Hon. Mr Grant has not intentionally been a party to forwarding the pretensions of those who claimed tbe Green Hill School for a particular denomination. Tbe Vice-President of the Boaid of Land and Works, in proclaiming the trustees recently, knew nothing of the circumstances of the case, but, on being fully informed upon the subject, he has dona ample justice to the original subscribers and supporters of the Green Hill School, and taken care tbat their rights ahull be fully respected and acknowledged. Yesterday afternoon Messrs. Douglas, Gollan, and Young, the gentlemen appointed by the people of Green Hill, to watcb after their interests in this school affair, bad an intervjew with tbe Vice-President of tbe Board of Land and Works, with the view of inducing him sot to issue en unconditional grant of the site of the Green Hill School to the trustees, gazetted at the instance of the Presbyterian clergyman of Kyneton, and tbe Kirk . Session, who have sanctioned the Rev. Mr Henderson's proceedings in this matter. The deputation were, we learn, introduced by R. fi. Tucker, Esq, M.Ł A., and the Rev Irving Hetherington was present on the occasion, having been invited to attend by the bon. Mr Grant. Mr Anderson, M.L j was unavoidably absent, but we ehouid state tbat previouB to the interview the hon. gentleman had ftunisbed Mr Grant with what- «ver documentary information he possessed npon the subject, and that ihe had an interview with tfie' ltev Mr I^erlherington, at ! which the tstier gentimnaa, on behalf of tlii Kirk Session and Pres'uvwriHn body, lind sKSgestfd two ways of nrianging the matter in dispute. Oae tras for a majority, say three, of tbe trustees gazetted to- resign, in order that three—ot what he designated the . "mal-contsnts," not ma!a fide Presbyterians— should be substituted in their place; and the other alternative, that a portion o f the money subscribed should be repaid to tbe donors, more especially to those amongst them who were Episcopalians or Roman Catholics. Mr Anderson, of course, had no power to entertain such proposals, and, as we have stated, the Green Hill Deputation were received by Mr Grant, in order to state the claims of the subscribers to the school and tbe parents of pupils who attended tbere. The bon. Mr Grant expressed his regret that not. being cognisan* o'" the facis Le had gazetted the trustees without communicating with the deputationists, as he understood the Commissioner of Lands, Mr Heales, bad premised to do, at a former interview with Messrs Gollan, Young, and Douglas. He stated further, that the Observer view, as put forth in our lesdeis, was correct—that be would not lend himself to any proceeding that would neutralise the value of the promise made bv the Minister of Lands, and he called uiion Mr Hodgkinson, the Deputy surveyor- General, to explain bow it had occurred that inadrertantlv be had gazetted tbe trustees, without communicating with the deputationists. Mr Hodgkinson having explained that their gazetting tool?, place as ^'matter of routine, without any design oh bis part. Mr Tucker was proceeding to inform the hon Commissioner of what bad taken place between Massrs Hetherington and Anderson, when the Rev Mr Hetherington, rather prematurely, denied that he had offered any terms of arrangement to Mr Anderson. Mr Grant, having heard what was to be said on both sides—stated tbat, being a Presbyterian himself, be could speak the mora un:eservedlr on the matter, and he did not beiieve there was a Presbyterian laj'man in the community who approved of this attempt, to make over their subscript ions ton a-ds a school, of a wholly unsectarian character, to their own body. In reply to the Vice-President, of the Board of Land and Wo<k*, Rev Mr Hetherington suggested that the money subscribed might ba returned to the contributors belonging to the Church of England and Roman Catholic percussions, but not to the Presbyterians or other contributors. Mr Young, as a Presbyterian, refused to accede to tbisarrangement, Rshe andother Presbyteiians had given their subscriptions upon the express understanding that, the school would be open for all denominations, witbotit distinction. Mx Hetherington then, on the part of tbe Rev. Mr Henderson and tbe &rk; Session, said he would never consent to the money beng retimed to all t ! ie fii'iscriber 11 , whereupon the Hon Mr Grant s'ated tbat be would t!;ere take bis stand, and preserve inviolate, as far as n >iv in his power, th» promises made by Mr Heales. The grant f r this site as a Piesb rterian school, vested in the trustees gazetted, would nnv«r is<uc, until the L126 odd. ce.lected for the building of the sc'ioolhoi;s were returned to the wbole of the sul scribers, or to those who represented tbem. Tliis money had been contributed on tbe faith that the school belonged to all denominations alike, end until it was paid back, the site should never be vested in trustees for the Presbyterian body alone, as their property. Mr Giant gave directions to Mr HodgKinsun -to make a minute to tbat effect, which be signed officially, acting as the heid of the department of Land and Works, and thus the matter rests, as it did years ago—upon an equitable footing. In fact, Mr Grant's determination is only an echo of that pronounced by the Kyneion Bench several years since, when the question of title, and the equity of tbe case were brought up for judicial inquiry, in the Police Court. As we stated on a previous occasion, some weeks ago, we have to compliment tbe committee of management of the Green Hill School, and tbe supporters of that institution, as well as the very efficient and energetic representatives, that they selected to advocate their rights, and protect their interests, upon the successful result of their energetic efforts to resist all clerical interference and dictation. The Hon Mr Grant, himself, yesterday evening, in very unequivocal and complimentary terms, gave credit to the people of Green Hill for tbe spirited stand they made in support of their rights, and we trust tbat the lesson now taught to the Rev. Mr Henderson will not be lost on that gentleman, and tbat, in future, he will not again interfere respecting school affairs, so as to disturb the harmony that is indispensable to tin success of any educational establishment which is not based upon narrow sectarian' principles, or subject to clerical control and dictation. Barlow's second entertainment, at tbe ifechanics' on Tuesday night, was well attended, and everything weut off in tbe most pleasing and satisfactory manner. The " Blue Tail'd Fiy," was of course a favorite, and amongst tbe " iaimitable's" novelties, we must not forget to mention the " China aide of Jordan," which Mr Barlow Gang with great humor sjid taste. The "ShanghaiChicken," the Fidgetty Man," and " Have yon seen tbe Ghost," were each rapturously received, and Mr J. Howson's Seven Ages of Man," was a piece of really good comic acting. The musical performances of Mr R. Hera, and Mr W. Howson, were very superior, and tbe audience throughout a long entertainment were highly pleased. Mr Barlow was repeatedly encored, and called _oat at-the .eud «f the performance, ile returned thanks in his own feelir.e and felicitous style, referring ta the fact of bis being amongst old friends, in a district where be had so Ion? resided, and stating that it gave him extreme pla^sare to meat tbem all again, now after years of absenc*. The company proceed we believe towards Gastlemaine. and jirere to perform in Taradale last night. A special parade nf- the Kyneton Volunteers, took place on Tuesday, in honor of the Queen's Birthday. Between 50 and 60 «f the Light Horsę and Infantiy Rifles turned out upon the occasion, and after parade «n the market reserve, and firing a feu de^oic, the men niarched to the orderly róom, with the band playing appropriate music. After partaking of the hospitalities of Captains Boultou and Powlett, tbe health of Her Majesty was drunk vrith tbe usual loyal accompaniments, the Volunteers honoring "the toast with enthusiastic cheering, before they aeperated. A Rifle Match is being fired, between 10 of tbe Kyneton Infantry Corps, and lo of the Maiden Rifles, at 200 yards and 500 yards rangss, «evea rounds being fired at each of these distances. The Kyneton ten fired aff on Tuesday last, npon the Kyneton Bace Course, when the following points were scored. Privates O. G. Armstrong, 29, J. Grieve, 29, J. U'Donald, 27, Sergeant Thirtetrie, 23, Private W. Castles, 20, Sergeant A Basel, 19, Corporal RoUis, J6, Privates J.E. Mann, 16, W. T.Johnson, 16. and Cautun Powlett, 14. This evening there Will be a committee meet-: Ing of tli* Kyneton Mechanics' Institute, at which soiue important busiiiess will be bronght before the committed for cofisideration. 