ftoral £elD£. The Colekathe Mail. — A few weeks back the mail arrangements on the Penola line were sud denly altered without any intimation or warning JMng given to the residents along the ?road. By the SferisDpnVofSie days th'e ini3 that naSA -tef^TOirt1 tained till Monday morning. .We believe the alter ation was made at the instance of the South Austra lian people, in order that the Melbourne mail might be made to time with tiie Adelaide1 mail, but al though no one could object to an alteration that would suit the convenience ofthe South Australians provided it made no difference to ourselves, still in this matter we cannot see thejiisticeof thealteration being made to those reading on this side the border. The alteration is a very serious inconvenience to tlie Coleraine and Casterton people, and also to the bu siness people generally of this district, and we think steps should at once be taken to obtain a re tarn to the former arrangements, or what would, perhaps, bejbettcr and more convenient still, make fresh arrangements, by virtue of which there should be three mails a week, at all events as far as Casterton. We repeat, no one would willingly inconvenience the South Australian people, but from our own postal authorities -we are certainly entitled to a little consideration in the matter. We understand that Messrs. Dawson and Mitchell's station, Kangatong, has been purchased bv Messrs. Baird. of Mt Bute, for £28.000. half cash. The Koroit Station has been sold to Mr. W. Swan for;£25,500. The Amatetjb Concest. — On Friday even ing last the amateur concert took place at the Na tional Schoolroom in aid of tiie funds of the Church of England. Xhe afternoon had been exceedingly wet, and fears were entertained that the weather would interfere with the success ofthe performance. Fortunately, however, at nightfall it ileared np, and we were glad to see that the attendance was very good, far better indeed than could have been ex pected. Tiie front seats were quite uowded, and many who had paid front seat prices had to be con tent with a seat behind. The performers were, we believe, all members of the Church of England choir, and they acquitted themselves in tuemoslfavoorable style. A variety of 'solos, duetts, and glees were performed, and all seemad to meet with the entire approbation ofthe audience, most ofthe performers being encored. About half-past ten ti|e concert concluded with the performance of 'God Save the Queen' by the whole of the performers. . We are informed that tiie proceeds ofthe concert were about £23. Hamilton Assembly ou Concert Boom. — A correspondent favours us with the following sensible remarks :— The steady increase of Hamilton in population, buildings, and societies most certainly call for an addition to its social comforts in providing ^t^iepper anil..£oiiveiiiei-t place for holding pnblic meetines. We nave a Town Council, a 'MechanicR' Inslilate, Freemasons, Oddfellows, and Foresters societies, and occaaionaUy a concert — amateur or professional— and yet far neither of these purposes is there b. room *t all adapted. The Oddfellows fciHwi/ofahall, the Foresters wen talittle farther, and actually bought a piece of land, the Mechanics have b&tf; no acre of land in a most eligible situation, but they appear to prefer allowing it to remain unoccu pied, and pay £30 annual rent for a room at an in convenient distance. The Freemasons have Just organised a Lodge, and we greatly overrate the energy or that body if they submit long to be incon venienced on that subject, and si there are numerous members of the order in the Western district, we b.lieve that any movement having for its aim Hie erei.-tion of a building for public comfort and conve nience will iu-cnrR t-JiMi. mi»..4:..1 jwi^lI^i: ? a_ the old proverb has it, 'Union is strength -'we therefore lay before our fellow-townsmen tiie fol lowing project s— That a public meeting be at once convened for the express purpose' of raising £1,000 in -200 shares of £S each ; that each sbarL-boldtxpay at once 50s on each share, the amount thus imbed (£500) to be immediately placed fa one of the £oc*l banks in tiie names of three trustees to *e appointed at the said public meeting. We are authorised to state that there are three or four gentlemen who will andcrtake to perform the respective duties of trea suerer, architect, solicitor, and secretary for twelve months .gratuitously. Xet the subscribers jelect -other five, these nine to fonnmcommitteetif manage ment for one yE&r.; The preliminary expenses will be thus confined to the trifling items ot Printing and rtuaonery. At the meeting it eould be .derided -ow often fntureoalli -should 4-e made.apoa*each share, but we opine that if the first caUJfer-tlie se cond moiety was nofmade until die thtrd^or fenrttt months, and ibenimntuiued monthly at the rate of 10s per share, it would enable nearly the whole' of -rarlndostfioo» population tolakc om share. SXfM it will lie s. profitable investment directly and indi rectly we are prepared to show, but we leave these sdeufliBntflaieineeBngJsjwanged. Ictosxhere foreargenpoa*ome*wporthree,ortwenl7, if they lOayto call anon our worthy Mayor Jto convene s ISifeiisefintfcr ttis'o^ii, l^ ?ntaow^m. readily comply with the request, and we feel quite certain, from -our intimate knowledge of the spirit of our townsfolk, that ''in less than no time we shall have an Assembly Boom adapted for any and every public purpose. Inquest. — On Friday last A. Learmonth, Esq., Coroner for the Hamilton district, held an in quest at Mount Eouse on the body of Matthew Smith, aped about furty-6ve yearn, who had died quite suddenly on the previous day. The deceased had been originally a sailor, bnt about twenty years ago he had run away from his ship, and ever since be had teen employed ss a shepherd on Mr. W. Button's station. The post mortem examination re vealed the fact that tiie deceased had died from san guineous appoplexy, and a verdict was returned accordingly. Tmi- riiirtMTTf* ftDPirivir.FA — On Sunday last the very Bev. Dean Hayes preached in the morning and evening at the Catholic Chapel, Ha milton, in aid of the Catholic orphanages. On both occasions the attendance was very large, and the very eloquent discourses of the preacher were listened to with marked attention. We understand the Dean's appeal to the Hamilton district produced about £50 fa aid of the charities. The ColkeahjeShow'. — A meeting took place yesterday at Coleraine for the purpose of mak ing arrangements for s cattle show to be held at that place during the ensuing season. Up to the time of goinsMjo press we had not received a report of the proceemngs. We have little doubt however but that the matter would be put in proper train, as we understand that gentlemen of liberality and influence are connected with the movement. Oub Distbict Pkess. — We have received the first number of the revived Belfast Giaette, pub lished bir Messrs. Smith and Osborne. ft is cer tainly a vast improvement on what .the GaxtUe used to be inv-bygone days, being nell printed, and tolerably replete wit* local and general new. We see the Portland Ckrotade, whose owner lately an nounced its approaching demise, is not, after all, to give np the ghost, bnt will become, for the future, a weekly journal. We wish both our contemporaries every success in their new forms. Hamilton Hospital — The usual monthly meeting ofthe Committee of the Hamilton Hospital and Asylum tekes place on Monday next Hamilton Tubf Club. — The annual meet fag of the members of the Hamilton Turf Club takes place on Thursday next, when it is hoped there will be a full attendance, as business of im portance fa connection wilh the meeting of the ap proaching season will be brought forward. A Flock of Sheep. — Under the proposed amended Scab Act, it states :— 'Theword 'flock' shall mean any two or more sheep which are in the immediate charge of and followed by a shepherd, or (not being in such charge) which are depastured within any enclosed pasture, or ran at large without being secured or kept separate from other sheep by an effectual fence or boundary, natural or artificial' No other important alterations are proposed ex cepting that persons having scabby sheep are to advertise the same and post up notices of the fact at the corners of their runs. The Levahtek. — In our last issue we gave an extract from the Argus to the eflect that a Mr. G Millar had abecondid, leaving behind him debts to the amount of £60.000. We see from the Mel bourne papers that an application has been made to Ilie Supreme Court to sequestrate his estate, by Mr. Robert Laidlaw, a creditor to the amount of £7,000 money lent This gentleman is a brother of Mr. Laidlaw of this town. Fireworks. — Hamilton is promisad a no velty in the way of entertainments, as Mr. Gibbs, somewhat celebrated as a pyrotechnist, announces a grand display, iull particulars of which are to appear next week, providing that the subscriptions of the public are sufficiently liberal. We hope that on this point the spirited artist will not be disappointed. 