DIST11ES8 IN T1IE AGU1CULTUHAL DISTRICTS. A.S^ 'a , m'llllIL 'r,u hcU O' TuewJay enoUie, in 8U Mary'. Calhcdnl, -Mo deviae and pnt is praotioc the bnimuniof ral»ln»»ub»crlplion«lnaidof thoiewho an suffering fromdlt treu Irom tbe lallure ul the kimn and (ram floodi.' Betireen two and tbrcc nundrcd pcraoDS were present, amongat whom weic a large number of the dirgr and tome of the leadinn lar members of the Boman cthollc Church. ' ' Archblihop roi.uinu took the chair, and opened the proceed Ir eb by rcmorklng that, though the mecliDg was not very name rout, be tmitii) that it would bo i:ealou- and earnest. People hud talked a great deal about the distress that was twine Buffered t-; the faimiTB In the Hunter ltivcr and the Camden districts hut comparatively little bad yet born done for their relief, Ifc would «ULout further pichcc proceed to read what he bad written with regard to tbl« matter in a rattoral Letter to those under his charge. And ir thcr bsd done to much when appeals were made to them on btuair uf their euffering fellow creatures in Donegal ar.d in ItcMo, who were thoustwds of miles away, what must thiy not do now that Ibc dittrcts came near to their own homes ! The latter part or l.in t-aaioral Letter was ai follows : — ' Dearly Beloved, I hare tugecetcd so far tho utcs that ma? he made ot our calunitite, or of tboie of our friends and neighbours, as matter or examination and tclf-abasemcnt for Lent ; bsi I have now to atk, lur the fruitB of your faith, the alms that will give wlcge to jour pr»y- r«. And I uk with some oouSdencc that you will be gircrout in aiding those who are nor Buffering so heavily. 1 cannot here give you details of the Iobb and wretchedness which eo many in the lctcrutuWc providence of God are enduring, but it li snncccFsarr, for the public prints bare Informed you, and tliry are matter of comm*n f)Ui|)athy and convenation. And what you hfvc Ixfore done nils me with thankfulness and bone— yoj iiavc ftnxn jour money freely to relieve distress tLrouchout the wor.d. England, Ireland, France, India, all have bctn hclpid and comforted by your Christian devotion, true devo tion of St. John's kind, the love of God that is seen in the love of jour brethren. You will not fail, nor shame me now ; you will again honour you Catholic name and. faith. The cry of distress comes r.ot now from dittaut Uoneiral, or Lincaehirc, or Illndoitan, hat from the near homes, the familiar names of Camden and Matt land. When tho srins of your charity have reached to tno cxlre niiii'E of the world, they muat not be paralysed here, at That is tviuu a rcEtru. There is an order in charity, and though it thould nevtr cease to glow wherever tbero arc mon to struggle ar.d bufler, jit ii ehoulU bo more intense in proportion as Lhe nil- wise 1'rovWWiOC of God taB placed Its objects nearer to us in duty cr Mace. They are lhe voices of friends and kinsfolk thai »rc calling upon ub. Ae we ore now crying to God for mercy upon outpclvta. li t ua nivc an attcntivcear to their miarrv Ttinwr d(cp, very overuhi-lming in its nature. licreieno faiturcola meicBLiilc vi- nturc, uo disappointment of a Rumbling Flitcula'.ion, but A- structlon to the rightcotis hopes of hoocei, huid, liutknl laUiur. The toils and anxieties of many lu mc-e, of part-els and children together Ubouriog, arc utterly lost. God lias withheld from them their harvest. What hit! Is it that He ii deaf to their praycra, unthoughtful of their lahourl? No, but it is thi«. I am speaking to Christians, ai:d you » ill u&dcreland; me. lie would nave you supply to yonr brttbren by your gifts the harvest mat has tailed iu the older of nature, and Ik would coin for Ulmsclf a spiritual har viet in the wotkB of your Chm:ian faith and love. So will there have btcu tbU year two harvcFte instead of one, and that io an cep(clal manner to the greater glory o! God. You will do your part will, aid the oluinity of -our friends and fellowcountry men will be tranEfonncd into a blessing. Tnc laboure of tbe hus bendman requiring, as they do, patience, industry, foresight, and trukt iu the future, call more than other earthly employ ments upon our fympmhy when they are disap pointed of their rceulte. It rectns almost as if humble lalth lu the ccurEC of God's providence had received a uhosfc. The cottnion lot of humanity, that man thould earn his bread bv tbe en-cat of Ma brew, is at ml times hard enough to be borne, how Their toll, their patience, their early and late anilely, all abortive. They have labumcd, but eo far in vain ; the food and clothing for themselves and their children all gone ; in some places conBidcr ablc debt has been incurred for the fruiilcfiB seed, and the future i? darkened beyond the prcccnt diBlrcpB The elements themselves, the oidlnary eoutccb of benediction upon human toil, have been hostile to inoBcuho Lave deserved lue ordinary reward of their obcdUnt labour at Uobi ae well as we. -? It it- a mystery, until we remember that God has not left us to the - kii.mts of material naturo alone. lie has planted ia us, In our htottp. other elements which, in Uis plan und intention, arc to comt'lcte and cornet Ibc operation of those others. Com passion, kindliness, the intlincts of brotherhood are His gifta as yell as those higher giftB of Christian grace, and all these arc intrndtd to heal und remedy the hurts that our brethren have received from the viewless blight, and the resistless Hood. Do you then bbow that you interpret aright the designs of God, and occcpt the occasion he offers you. Dry up as you miy tbe bitter tear;, and give new hope and courage to failing hearts. SancliTy your iast of Lent by a work that God has eminently cnor?v for Euch a purpose. It may be that your ready opeHi'smkd liberality in this emergency will give a spiriturj :ailhfulness to your season of peni tence, und an Eattcr joy Euch as you have never gained before. And, if any of you should percfiancc yourselves be wearing rour lives unde-r the weight and gloom of some providential chaaluc ment, come forward the more eagerly, and help the suffering, end eo our God may took graciously and speedily on you aUo in your time of need. These are words thai lie himself says to you, aud EUch &b; you, for all time ; ' When thou 6balt pour out thy soul ' — ilif, Jem tec, nocoldunsynipathUing gift, no stinted measure that He calls for— 'when ihou thall pour out thy eoul to the hungiy, and fhi.lt satisfy the afflicted fuul, then shall thj- light life up in darktitsp, and thy darkness shall he as the nosaday.' May lie, the giver of every good gift, inspire and bless your alma. 'The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, end the communion of the Holy Ghost, he with you all. Amen,' Tnc lion. J. II ri.usKF.ir, M.L..(J., moved tho Bret resolution, which wan at follows:—' That this meeting, having learned, on undoubted authority, that great distress prevails in several dis tricta of the colony, by reason of blight aud flood, considers it a duty to device means for alleviating the same.' lie hod much pleasure in moving this resolution, because, when be heard bis Grace's pastoral letter read last Sunday, he rejoiced to hear that e moment of this kind was to he eet on foot— a movement which be was &urc; would be warmly taken up by the colonists generally, bis own imprCEBion waB, that we ought to invite the co-operation of all classes, and of all the different denominations throughout the colony— (hear, hear,)— in order that one general movement should bo originated, and one general committee be appointed. He feared, from all be had ncara, that owing to the recent visitations of Providence the distress amongst the agriculturirts was very alarming and dreadful, and required prompt relief. It was therefore desirable that whatever was to be done should be done quickly. (Cheers.) The Rev. Mr. Fhelax eaid be felt Mghlv honoured at being colled on to second the resolution, and only regretted that the people of the llunter River district had not eome more able advo cate. He regretted also that he hod not had a longer notice, so that be might have collected more statistics to enable the meeting to appreciate the extent of the calamity which the farmers in the Hunter River district had Battered. But however short bis statement might be, he hoped to be able to prove that a great calamitr had occurred, and he iniBted that the appeal to people who were proverbially generous wouia oe snBwerea uy a uoeriiL respooae. us wouia wue . tbe liberty of reading a few statistics relative to the Hunter River disuict. ThepnliceaistrictofWeetMaitlandandMorpethconlainB inoculation of 18,447 persons; Raymond Terrace, wnich might be considered a continuation of that district, contained S535 persons ; making altogether a population ol 21,982. The number of acres in cultivation in the Hunter River district was 2627 ; in the county of Northumberland 25.64G acres ; and in the county of Gloucester 12,278 acres, making altogether 10,551 acres. He would also beg to read the following extract from an addresB presented to his Excellency the Governor, upon his last vide to Maitland :— ' As a key to tbe vant interior, and the importance of your Excellency's vltit, we desire to bring under your Excellency's notice a few brief etatlttics or this district which forms a radius of about thirty miles, of which this town is the natural and com mercial centre. It is the eeat of a Bishop, has twenty nine churcheB and chapelB, two superior schools, forty ordinary EchoolB, beades many infant and Sunday schools; three schools ol arts, with young men's debating eociclles and lectures; one theatre; bos an agricultural and horticultural eociety combined, a vineyard association and cotton growing eociety, and several minor societies ; baB six savings banks, one penny bank, three steam eaw mills, nine steam Hour mills, four steam engines for other purposes, two founderiep, three tanneries, throe /ellmongery establishments, four tobacco manufactories, and many other works uf art and industry ; seventy-seven public hotels and inns, an besjiiw}, employs six steamers with iu exports. The sales of cattle within the last munth have been— of horned cattle, four tboBEand five hundred ; horses, five hundred and sixty ; sheep, four thousand ecveu hundred and fifty.' Now. nearly all the inhabitants in that district had suffered in consequence of the late floods, directly or indireotly. He be believed that one-third of the inhabitants of the town of Maitland wclb .duiing the flood driven for a time from their homes, aad were obliged to seek refuge from the hospitality of strangers. He bad been in Ireland during the famine, yet he must say that he had never witnessed eo heartrending a eight as when seeing the people moving out or their houses during the late flood. BtatisliCB that he had himself collected shoved that in the neigh bourhood of tbe town of 11 ai Hand there had been no less than 2458 acres submerged, of which there were 1309 acres of maize, SC7 acres of lucerne, 111 acres of potatoes, and 41C acres nf nr.ifefined crons.- cbicflv maize, lucerne, and potatoes. It should be borne in mind that tbe land which had su He-red tbis visitation was probably some of the richest in the world, and that the flood came when it was in the richest cultivation. If that total of 2458 acres be taken as an average, and the proportion spread over the Hunter River district, some idea would be given of the extent of the eutmagc. The peoplo who had suffered were not a complaining people ; but they were industrious, or wished to be so ; and they were, moreover, a generous people, and when called upon on any public occaaion to contribute were foremost eniungtt the subscribers. He would appeal on their behalf to the meeting, on the broad grounds of that Eternal Charity which obliged every man to help his fellow man when he found him in difficulties. He appeared before them to enlist their ptlitical sympathy on behalf of tbe Hunter River settlers, in thiecrUis. He had come from among them, and he could say thattheywere quite willing to bear their present .distress; it was only tic probpect of the future that frightened them ; sud they ftlt that unless some provision were made for the future they might have to keep up d perpetual struggle. Now, the people of that district thought that if ever lhe Government inter fered for the protection of property it waB in such a case as this. There was a community havici; churchis and schools, and mar kcte and roads : and if the Government might ever be called upon to ueEist any community, it was one oi maiKiua. inty thought it would be far wiser if the Government were to give term i protection, than to compel them to go into tho far interior where, the infiucnccE of religion and education would not reach them. It had been suggested that a canal might be cut between Mutland and Newcastle, for the par PO.c of carrying off the floods. The city of New Orleans was said to he lower than the level of the river, and embankments a hundred miles in length had been built to protect the land from the river. He threw out this suggestion because he hoped that the Frees and the Government would tako the matter into con eidtraUon. If it should be practicable, be expected that the Government would take the proper steps tp prevent the destruc tion of that magtlflcenl district. (Cheers,) Tbe reEolution was then put to the meeting and unanimously *BMr. J. V. GonMAK proposed the second resolution, which was ob foUowB:— 'That, Boeing how widely spread and how deep the distress is, this nieciiog feels it most desirable to secure a general co-operation of all throughout the colony who may be willing to assist in this meritorious work of charity.' In support erf tie statements that haa been made as to the agri cultural distretB, he could say that his own avocattans ban given him the opportunity of knowing that a series of disasters spread ing over the last three or four years-arising from drought, from flood, from rust, and from blight-had aunt many of the Indus trious farmers Into a very miserable and helpless pwitlon, The oann for which we wero now met waB one that concerned not merely the Boman Catholic body but our fellow colonists gene rally, and we might therefore appeal to ell denomlnaUons for thefrVoperatlonlntheworlr. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. Dean Bioott, of Camden, seconded the resolution, Xtriefl/refcrringTieme ol tho «tgnant- - »»d argument of «ome of the prevloua sneakers, he said that, fromhis htajt and booJ he sympathised Kith tliesffllclea people oj. Mli^1* . ' Srasnowbii duty to lay before this great meeting, all that he KSw, from personal pkemtlon, of 'the aad.oondtaon of the. SrioultBral population of Camden. their present actual dlsUjas -totlreontlnuoua BuHerlnga flurlng-.the tast ih»e years, and. BuKericg clients on the humane consideration of the meeting, and look to their earnest and unanimous co-operation for large and apeedy rtllef— relief commenBuraU: with the emergency. Vcs, tt wat, alas I too true that great destitution prevailed at that moment la the Camden district. Toe population wu 8000, and they cultivated 16,000 acres of the finest land In the colony, and duilngihe last two yean they had not reaped altogether three months' consumption, waB It any wander they should feel want ! There wu great want, great destitution, ahouid he Bay it, there was hunger In the dbiriet. He would remind the meeting that It was not for the widows and the orphans at Camden he f poke, although there were widows and orphans In the dlstriot. It wsb not for the helpless aged and Infirm that he pleaded, although there were many helpless and infirm there ; hut bit pre sent appiBl was tn behalf of the stalwart, TlgorouB minor toil— the peasant mother, in the prime or life— the farmer's rustic children, with sturdy health and corresponding appetite ; and he bsked tbe commen sense of this intelligent meeting whether it was poitlblc to conceive any scene on earth more heartrending than tuch a farming family as thst gnawed by the pangs of hunger. It was not exactly tn tbe capacity of a Catholic clergyman be spoke — the; drhinution was noi confined to Catholics— It reached to all efeneinJii&ilonsinojMuuxiirjately;, and during these days of sore dUirets he never asked the man who wanted relief what waB bis religion, (Cheers.) The Catholic and the Protestant were aided by him alike on the broad principle of uni versal charity. li waB only justice also to the noble-minded men who acted with him on the Camden cummillcc to state that the fublimc principle of universal chtrity bad characterised tbeir decisions. (Cheers.) The suffering poor were ncTc-i- nuked, Arc you a Catholic! or, Are you a Protestant 1 nr-d Ibc mcuibck'B of cummiilce were neither Pricels nor Lcvitco, but all Samorltane in their care of tbe poor. (Cheers ) As a pticEt,mBny cases of grievous destitution came to hlB knowledge, und wrung his heart, iu the couibc of his professional visit! to lhe bouccB of the farming population, but such as theec he must draw a veil over. It would not be proper to elisplay before the world those selMcppcctlng and reserved families in their actual pilvailuns; but enough had come to light, incidentally and tbiough the committee, to prove, without wounding any one's feelings, that great distress, and even destitution, ob Uiii eu in the Camden district to an alarming cstcut. Kuicly there vns eieatl'.utlon if the people wanted the nccci caries of lile- whwc large families had not hud bulchei'e meat for a whole week in their houics, there was destitution ; he knew several £uch families, and some for even three weeks and a month. Surely there was destitution where the clothes of both parents and children were totally unlit to be seen on Ibc Kunday hi the public worship of their church, and where tbey, consequently, could not appear once in three months, lie had known Eivcral sucn cases. There was destitution In any family vhere the domestic and sleeping arrangements were so f cant tbut the mieerable hhretLt of clothing worn during the day were the only coverlets ol the children by night. He was aware btid been blighted in the wheat for tho farming population of Camden during tbo latt tbiee years ; end, oh I was it not mire tban abundantly proved that there was destitution in Camden' In the summer of ltd a devastating Sood visited the people; tteir s'anding cropn, their yarded stack;, Llit.il iiiiLjoiUD uuu kri ur,uo ncic Enouii'm in u mugi-. Eight— tbey were tbunkrul tbai their bouses ami families escaped. In KG2, nothing daunted, tbey ploughed and cropped the land arain viih a (kill and a will such as only a Camden farmer could ; bul, alas 1 all iu vain ; the long drought set in, and uabing could come up from the brazen earth. In 180S, they exec again cisayed to subttuc the glebe, and wake It once more mtamcnl to the upcb of man. At last the earth teemed with luxuriant crops. Like magic tbe face of nature was changed, nr.d up to November all wad promising, when, lo, the fatal rust tiized on the haivcst, and the husbandman and bis family had the cup suddenly darned from their lips now the third time. Now ruin was realised lo their despairing hearts and fortunes, This was a e-implc statement of the distress with which tbe Cam den committee had had tlic boldness to grapple The followinc gentlemen appointed at a general meeting bad eet about raising bubbcriptions, and poor as were the district!!, and depressed aB we're Ibc times, between £500 BDd £000 had already resulted from their canvers. Tbey intended the funds chiefly lor 6ecd to be given gratuitously to tbe farmer that spring, and also to re litvc immediately any cafe of urgent distress that tbey knew of. Committee— Rev. II, Tingcombe, Very Rev. Dean Rigoy, Rev. s. Wilkinson, Uev. 1'. Uaisall, Rev. C. Waters, and Messrs. J. E. Chitbolm, J.r. ; J. E. DowncE, J.P. ; J. N. Oxley, J.P. ; J. Bleeck, J.P. ; U. Thompson, E. 6inipson, \V. Burrett. E. Lusted, VT. C. Hied, J. Lakeroan, V. Ferguson, C. T. Cross, B. llomog, S. Croft, 6. Ward, G. Cornwcll, ). 11 ills, }. M'ilahon, li. Moore, Ktnnclt, honorary secretaries. lit; attended a meeting or com mittee yesterday at Camden. A case was brought forward of an able-bodied man looking for work on tbe roads ; the man was pale und trembling from hunger, and the committee supplied him with bread and meat, tta and eufur for a week, and also the loan of a pick and shovel. The committee were sincerely thankful for the measure of success that had attended their efforts so far, and they look it be auspicious of mill greater results, from the benevolence and Fympatby of the community, when the past suffciing, present destitution, and impending ruin of the farming population of Camdrn came to be more generally understood. He coi dially and bopcrully seconded the resolution. (Cheers. ) The resolution was then put and carried, Mr. R. Iobrtkr, 11 L.A , movtd lhe following resolution :- 'Thst the following gentlemen, with power to add ts their number, be requested to set as a central committee Id secure gcncial co-operation in devising and administering relief, the LkL. J, H. l'lunkctt, D. Ivgan, Esq., John D alley, Esq , W. 1). Dollcy, Esq., H. AuBten, Etq, R. Coveay, Esq. , F. M'Nab, Esq., J. V. Gorman, Esq , James Hart, Esq., J. Mullens, Esq., K. O'Connor, Esq., Alderman Carahcr, Robert Forstcr, Eaq , Jeremiah Moore, Esq , W. Hanson, Esq., J. G. Raphael, Esq., William Cumminge, Esq., and all clergymen.' Tte resolution was seconded by Mr. LouontUN, supported by Mr. 1:oan, H.L A,, and, on being put from the chair, was unani mouply adopted. Tl;c Bev, Archdeacon M'EscnoE moved the next rcsolntion, which was as follows:— 'That inasmuch as the mcmbcrB of all religious denominations are involved in tbis distress, the com mittee be respectfully requested to invite the concurrence of cler gymen and members of the different denominations.' He had no eluubt that nil classes and denominations throughout tbe colow would join heart and hand in devising means for relieving the urgent wants or the sufferers. Mr. Bart, M L.A , seconded the resolution ; and, after ex presting hie regret at the comparative sinallaess of the attend ance, remarked that the Hunter River district would always be liable to the devastation or floods, until some system of drainage v&fe; carried one. With trganl to tbo failure nf th' crops ia Citm dc-n, although on a former occasion seed wheat hod been obtained ficm the Government, he was afraid that the stern rules of political economy would prevent the Government from again rendering that assistance. He trusted thit the movement com menced to-night wonld end in a handsome subscription, to Bhow what the people could do when they were in earnest, The resolution was then put and carried. Mr. t»ALL-:i, H.L. A., proposed the last resolution, which was sf follows : ' That a subscription be forthwith, entered into, and th&t; the Venerable Archdeacon APEucroe, snd the Hon. John Hubert Flunkctt, be requested to act as treasurers.' Mr, H. Aveten ecconucd the motion, which was thereupon put and carried. A subscription waB then opened, at the close of which the Aichbithop announced that the Bum of £180 had been collected, but he bored that before very long it would be increased to £1300 ; t, n.m.1.4 Kb vrnll tn tr.il.-n it tin tn 4MK flftA. Upon the motion of tbe Rev. Dean Rioney, seconded by tbe Bev. Mr. Fiulik, a vote of thanks] was given to the Archbishop for tbe dignified and effective manner iu which he had filled the cbair. The vote was acknowledged, and the proceedings there upon tciminated. 