THE REAL MURDERER. (fkom am. the year round.) (Concluded from our last.) At first there was a keen expectation to keep me \ip. Every morning, when I heard George Denning\s foot upon* the stair, my heart beat with the hope that to day lie would break through his awful reserve. Every evening, as he tarried until all the workmen had left the premises, sometimes lingering and loitering about 'with a restless step and uncertain air, I felt certain that now he was about to speak. All day long lie was in the same room with me. I could look at any mo ment into his set face, or compel him to reply to my questions about the work ; but it was not possible to tear this secret from him after he had sealed it down in his inmost heart. It always seemed so near to me, so close to my possession ; not a minute but it was in Ms power to utter it into my hearkening cai-s, J-nt no craving, no supplication of mine could force that minute, or that utterance to come. With a dreary fellowship of despair and bitter regret, we were stifling day after day the love, which had been more the steady and long-tried affection of a man and woman than the fitful passion of a boy and girl. There vas in Ms manner a grave and suffering dignity, but also a hopeless silence. It was as if a mute, inarticu late being possessed a knowledge tliat was essential to 'me, and I could rend at times a faint Mnt of it in its troubled eyes, but could never hear it in its urgent import. After twelve months of this desperate conflict between ns, I -was told he was going to bo married. The girl -was a young, silly, pretty creature, 'who took a fancy to Mm, and did all the 'wooing persever ingly herself. I had heard of it in the 'way of gossip from the other workmen; but lie told me himself a day or two before Ms wedding, -speaking in a low and trembling voice, while Ms face was turned away from me over Ms work. I liad nothing to say, and my silence provoked him. He threw down Ms tools, and drew nearer to my table, Irat slowly and doubt ingly- ?' Have you no pity ?' he cried, with an -under tone of suppressed fierceness; ' yon are sacrificing your self and me for a wild fancy. I have no secret to tell you ; yet you haunt this place with your jale sicldy face, tilll would rather see the ghost of the dead man Mmself. Utachel, I will marry you now, if you will lave me. Or I will pay your passage over to America. Only leave f.Tns place. Do not torment me with your everlasting presence.' '3so,' I said ; ' these twelve months my sus picion has been growing, and I'll remain here till I've proved it. Maybe I am ordained to lie the avenger of that murder, and I shall find it out in time; in the appointed time. Marry you, George Denning ? Marrv you, when yon know, and I know that there is a guilty secret on your soul, perhaps even to the crime of murder. 'We are fellow-workpeople, and we will remain so till the end comes. If there is no consciousness of sin in you, you will at least tolerate my presence.' ' I cannot,' he groaned 'I cannot!' and he strode, across the floor, and mounted the winding stairense into the paper-room above, where he stayed during the rest of the day, being busy, as it seams, with the crowded reams of paper, with wMcli our present employer overstocked himself until the attic was filled to the* roof. I made an errand once to follow him, find found 1»m toiling, with all Mb strength, at arrang ing the heavy packages; and when the time for leaving work came, and he passed through the binding room where I was getting my tea, he looked faint and laggard with exhaustion. During the past winter I had left off lighting my fire in the latchen, choosing to sit by the one hept burning in the workroom ; and all that night I fancied 111 ear d the heavy sounds of his day's toil in the attic overhead. He was married on a Sunday, and came back to work the next dav, not allowing Mmself and Ms silly young wife even a brief holiday ; and once, when in the folly of the first month of marriage, she made an excuse t o follow .him to Ms workshop, she went home in teavs from Ms stern cMding. I thought his marriage would not touch me ; yet it made a vital difference. Hitherto there had been a subtle hope underlying all my suspicion, that the secret was less deadly than I feared, bo that once known to me -with its extenuating eircum Btaiices, there might still be a possibility of loving Mm again, but its confession, or its discovery, could never reunite us. That was over, and only for Willie's sake, who wrote piteous and heart-broken letters from Ms place of banishment, I would persevere to the end. A new form of my life began, with no hope in it ; only a feverish anxiety in its stead. We were together day after day ; more together than he and Ms wife. Ab I Bat ot my sewing-press, stitching the sheets that he bound into books, there was for both the per petual consciousness of the other's presence. Almost every word that varied the - quiet of that dreary room was spoken by Ms voice or mine. Few footsteps crossed the floor save ours. Every move ment of the one was heard, seen, felt by the other. I had only to glance aside from my press, and my eye caught Ms face, grim and stony, yet with ilashes of despair under iny scrutiny. It was necessary for him to bpeak tc- me often, to give directions or to ask questions about my work, and his voice always faltered as he spoke, butnevtr cluuiged in tone as it .did if he were compelled to utter my name. On my aide I was very culm, but always watching. Whenever he mounted the corner staircase, his last glance showed Mui that 1 was noticing and linteiiin^ to every movement. I knew every expression of his face, and every tone of Mo voice, eo us to measure accurately ? every emotion th.it thrilled through his heart find soul. Sometimes by a few words from the pages under my hand, or by a softly sung verse — he used to love my singing — oi some hymn of judgment and threatened vengeance, I could make Ms stern features quiver like those pf a child iu dread of punishment. Let him come as early as lie would in the moruinjj, I was bunted at my press before him ; and in the evening he left me still sitting beside the work room fire There was no moment of his working life, the tl;uly hours of toil in which lie earned Ilia bread, but I was beside him haunting him- -the embodiment of a horrible suspicion, set against* him as a living sign of an unuttered and as yet undefined accusation. But this was not all. From his early youth George had been a member of a Methodist congregation, bold ing a somewhat honorable position among thorn I and in his religions life I was witlv him, o.t his Bide; noticing, listening, catching up every word ho auilered ? to fall from his lips. All the profession required Of us Was that we wore Becking to llee from tho wrath to come ; and if ever hopeless wretches needed to escape from coming wrath, he, GcorgB Donning, was one, and 1', Rachel Holland, was another. In our weekly meetings, where each in turn gave account of his inner life during tho past week, I placed myself t opposite to him, where mv gaze could be iked upon him, in that circle where all else sat with closed or downcast eyes, while ho gave utterance to tho few, feeble, eoMluoil place, empty words ho dared to Bpeak before me, let his heart bum within him as it would. ( It was the mockevy of a soul-refreshing confession, tho dead imago of a living fellowship. Twice he broke out into wild, ungovernable lamentations, full of an exceeding bitterness and mystery which shook him in every nerve, and left him without strength or speech ; whilo it was in my power, by a chance solemn word hcl'o and there, some awful threatening, some dread suggestive verso which hinted at uuknown sin, to turn his face pale with fear, or blank with Conviction, while his strong frame heaved with groans he dated not utter. But the suffering was not all his —scarcely more his than mine. Alas for the dreary dying away of all tho hope and bloom of womanhood 1 Only bcvou hours of innocent, forgetful sleep, and all the seventeen re maining burdened with ono maddening thought. I marvelled to myself, as day after day I drudged nt iny woik^ at the dull hatred that possessed me against this man, who had been the object of my most tender love. Was it he and I who had rambled through dewy lanes in the quiet dusk or sleeping moon* light, with low-toned voices and twined hands, and half-stolen kisses — was it ho and I, in truth, who had passed through that trance i to gether? Or was it not some dreary Paradise, some deception of my crazed brain? Then, I scarcely ventured to lift up my eyes to his if he were looking at me ; now, it was ho whose eyelids fell before my glance, and who turned aside his head, and shrank away from my nearer approach. Even when, as years rolled on, I saw the strong frame showing tokens of early age and incurable decline from the prolonged anguish of his mind, I permitted no relenting from my fell purpose. I was ratlier jealous lest disease should snatch from me this wan, wasting man, who still held in his hidden heart the secret for which I had sacrificed all my womanliness, and for which my brother yet pined in miserable banishment. I also suffered tW agonies of despair before this speechless possessor of a secret that had robbed mo of all tho hopes and joys and loves of life. But it cani'o. to pass that after seven j ears of ceaseless watching, when I had grown old nnd worn down into a passive and sullen endurance of my condition, thoro awoke within me one Eastertide a restless and vehement desire to revisit my native town, where I had left no trace of myself, except a vague rumor that I was soon going to my brother iu America. T asked leave of my master to toko holiday from tho eve of Good Friday until Easter Monday, 'and started forth a grey, nervous, fearful woman, from the tombliko stillness of the solitary house, into the noise and bustle of the world. Once more, with shaken heart, I trod the dolorous way along which I had led Willie quailing beneath the eyes and wMspers of our band of witnesses: and once more I stood before the threshold crossed 'by my mother's feet, and where upon peaceful Sunday evenings I had watched Willie aud George going away, with many backward glances and gestures of farewell Iliad hoped that I should find it empty, deserted, like the honse I came from, and that I might have wandered alone through the rooms again ; but there was a noise of laughter within, and the shadows of flitting figures upon the lighted curtains, and I turned away to seek the only asylum I would enter iu my native town. It was one of the row of poor almshouses built amid the craves of the churchyard, and under the shadow of the church tower. A short by-path was trodden down over the little mounds, and I was guided across it by the glimmering from the little windows of the small dwellings. Again I tarried on a threshold, listening ; for I did not know that my only nnd aged friend was still living, and my heart bounded as the sound of a cheery voice, shrill with yenrs like the high notes of an old flute, came like music to my ears. As soon as the twittering song was ended, I tapped lightly at the door. There was the brisk clicking of a stick upon the quarried floor within, and the door was opened ?widely, as if the aged woman had done for ever -with fear or distrust, and was ready to welcome the whole world to her poor- hearth. ?' Charlotte, ' I said faintly, 'I am Rachel Holland. Don't you know me ? Willie Holland's sister ?' In a moment the withered hand caught mine, and led me in from the dark night, and seated me in her own chair by the fireside, with many muttered words of delight and amazement. The poor desolate old creature rejoiced over me as if I hud been her daughter, and spread her scanty meal for me with the finest edge of hospitable gladness. For a little while, as I looked round the the tiny room, unchanged since the time when as a child I came here on busy days at home, to be out of my mother's way and had played at keeping house, compelling the old alms woman to leave th.e work to me and let me wait upnn her — for a little while I felt that if but one more shade of forgetfulness would come over the weary years between, I could be once again a buoyant, thoughtless girl. It was not till Charlotte settled herself on the colder side of the hearth, and peered at me anxiously from behind her spectacles, that the bitterness of the present returned. ' Has tliee come across the seas ?' she asked, with a woman's keen glance at my poor dress. 'No; I've been at work,' I answered: 'I've never been to Willie yet.' ' Tb.ee has been ailing,' she continued, ' and fallen behindhand, maybe, with the world. Why did thee not come home to me for a bit, Uachel ? Eh ! I've thought of thee many a night and day, thee and Willie. Li'.ss, Willie never did that ; many's the time I've said it out loud to satisfy myself ; little Willie never could do that. It will be made clear, Rachel, in its own time.' Weeping was a rare luxury to me ; but I wept then, with old Charlotte's shrivelled arm round my neck, and her broken voice speaking homely words of comfort. A new tranquillity came over me, and a strange sense of soothing iu being once again cared for and wept with. The almswomaii's .simple cheery talk, the yellow stained walls, with their rows of polished tins, the Ktuided iloor, the low bed, where I lay down to fitful slumbers, on a level with the window which overlooked the churchyard, with its quiet graves asleep in the moonlight— nil eeemed to restore me to my child hood. Only now and then, bolb waking ;ind sleeping, there, crossed my fancy visions of the empty, echoing, hauutud house left behind, with ghostly faces reflected iw iny little looking-glass, and ghostly feet [.didkig to and fro with ;-. silence worse than the Bounding of my ov.'ii step;;. In the morning— the morning of the emblematic jmssovor from the house of bondage — I weut to church with my friend, witting beside her in the chaucel upon* tho Beats Hot apart for the al.uis vi'pmen. There was a sense of freedom, a deli verance from a corroding captivity of my soul I cduhl pray; for George Deunitig was not Iu the ! name house of prayer. Before me, beneath tho j fair whito llneu cloth which covered the snern j mental elements, was tho altar-cloth of crimson velvet with its sacrotl initials unit tho gohlon halo rottntl thoni, which I had bmm working with my own fingers on that terrible doomsday that had fallen upon us. Thu '1.11.8.' was jttst beneath thowlgo of the snowy eoyofj and 1 siiw and heard nothing of thu Bolonm service. Dimly and vaguely but irresistibly) those words laid hold of my thoughts, ' Josub, the Saviour of men.' A profound' peace, oil earth, and Rood will towards all,' possessed me us I left the church with the con gregation ; mnt while the ulnifiwoinun, ill her Blniple faith) remained for tile concluding service, I paced to ttiut fro In tho churchyard, past the graves of my parents. But with tilts peace there mingled a strong yearning for action, for rutttfniiiy : wiee more tinny house of bondiige, and freeing myself at once and for over from its doleful captivity. Evutt tho thought that I bIumM Hot Giioi'go Domling fi'uo Was pldaBliHti to mo, for here, close to the lanes and fields whore we hail played as children, and loitered us loVurs, I i'eineiu .bered him us lie was before tho soar and blight came upon our lives. Ho, too, should ho freed upon thiB day of accomplished euerilloe. Ho ulso ohtnild bo forglVcli if he knew not what ho did. With reluctance tho iigoil woman tfuvo mo lbavo to depart, though my faco, long wot into Borrow, wag beginning to soften into u ttluutowy nuiilo. Thu early night was closing in Wholi .1 returned to tho titt'oots through which I hud crept, u hard anil dutmlnto woman, the di\v before ; but I had tastod lovo again', human and diviuo ; I had stooped to taiito it, nnd iu iny hidden heart I bloBBint tho groups of happy boingB Whom I pnssedi Tho bollB of tho ohurohoH ohiinod together overhead, making a gladsome music all tho way along, as I pressed on to tho contra! street, whot'o thojdeserted house was waiting for ino, with its taintud attic and empty chambers. Under a lamp I mot George Dennlng'B silly young wifo, with a baby iu hor arms, and talking gaily with Bomb companions ; but though my heart stopped in its rnptttroUB throbbing for ti moment, I moved gently out of hor path, ana did not grudge her laughter, for llttlu mirth had sho with her strickon husband. Sho might havo boon coining from tho house, for u minute moi'o and it rose before mo on tho opposite side of tho street, with its stoop roof over-topping all tho uthortj ; and thoro in tho littlo dormer- window, glimmering liko a fooblo glow-worm, thoro slum® the palest, faintest nioto of light from within, just visible in tho gathering darkness of tho night. I understood tho toll4alo beam, and a Biuldon ting ling through my veins. At tho vory moment, in which I had surrendered the purpose of my lifo 1 was to re ceive its fulfilment. I entered tho house as silently us death. Tho smouldering lire upon my hoarth, not kindled by mo, gave ino light to Unit the soundlosii list slippers, with which 1 could steal unhoard upon tho busy laborer who was at work upon this universal holiday, Doors that would havo croaked under Iohh careful and loss steady lingers turned noiselessly u»ou their lunges as tlioy admitted mo ; and tho mouldering floors gave no warning of my stoalthy approach. Only my heart beat, and my pulses throbbed clamorously in my ears, until 1 had to tarry for a miuuto underneath tho attic, whore thoro was tho dull hoavy thud of weighty roams of papor thrown down iu hasto. I oropt partly up tho winding stairs, and stood still in tho deep shadows, whero I could soo him, mysolf uuboou, at tho furthest ond of the crowded room. Ho had boon toiling long, for tho sweat and pallor of exhaustion woro upon his haggard faco, and his whito lips were pinched for brea'th ; but still ho labored, bearing pilus of papor, upon which tho dust of years had gathered, out of tho dark closet into a scanty space he had cleared, upon tho very spot where the murdered man had lain. Each packet he unwrapped and examined carefully, laying it down with a jjrowing pallor and a deepor sigh, and re treating again behind the thin partition which hid him from my sight. At last he stayed so long that I stolo on warily over the piled-up papers, to the oponed door of the secret closet. He had sunk to his knees, and was holding to the feeble light of his candle a yellow page, with writing almost effaced by time — the ono stained paper among thousands of blank and empty sheets. His thin and wasted fingers grasped it with a desperate clutch, but he trembled throughout his whole frame, until he could not steady himself to read it. One step forward, and I stood beside him, leaning over linn, and in a moment detecting that the time-stained lines were in his own handwriting. ' My God !' he gasped, as ho felt tho touch ofmy dress, 'and looked up straight into my bending face ; but his painful breath failed him, and he fell prostrate at my feet, only drawing under him the paper which he grasped so desperately. I stood motionless, for before me were passing, in dreary procession, all the weary, weary days I had dragged through waiting for this mo ment ; my seared life, weeks, nnd months, and years, crossed in funeral sadness my kindled memory ; until, last of all, came the vague and dim but heavenly vision, when on the morning of this day I bowvd my head in prayer, and, lifting up my tearful eyes, be held the ' I. H. d.,' and heard a secret voice in my soul whispering, ' Jesus, the Saviour of men.' ' George !' I said, stooping over him, and laying my hand gently upon the grey head at my feet — ''G'eorge, I came back to tell you I would leave this place in pity for myself and you. To-day and yesterday Heaven has shown me that there is yet love for us. I have meddled with vengeance too long. Now it is made clear to mo that I am worse than you, even if you are a murderer ; for I have been your destruction, body and soul.' ' That is true !' he cried hoarsely, though Ids voice was very low; 'help me, Rachel; I cannot breathe. Kaise me up.' I lifted him up in my arms, and rested his head against me, fanning the stifled air about us to bring a purer breeze to his quivering lips. As his strength came back a little I supported him over tho scattered packets, and opened the narrow window for the ovening wind to breathe upon him. Tho streets below were dark and quiet, as with a Sabbath rest from labor, and no illumination rose up from open shops ; but tho stars were come out brightly, and the moon was shin ing, though we could not see her from our western casement, and her yellow light, blending with tho glittering of the stars, shed a faint gleam upon George's pallid face, and his nervous fingers grasping still the written paper. Yet tho dimness hid tho changes that time and trouble had made ; and in that confused glimmering the features I looked down upon were the features of my playmate in years gone by, of my betrothed husband, to whom I had linked mysolf for life. '? It is fit for me to die here,' lie muttered ; ' I have been dyiug by inches ever wnco ; nnd it is fit for we to be hurried oil 'at last. Take tho pnprir, Kucbel ; it is found too Mo. There, talco it ; it is my legacy to you. Vua. havo your Boarut nt last.' He thrust the paper in my hund, making a holploss effort to close my lingers upon it, but I let it flout away, and fall rustling on to thu floor. Thoro was no thought in my mind hut of tJirj days of old, when ho and I were boy and girl together. This hideous draiui. would be over soon, and I should v/ako to his morning call under my window, imA my fearful fancies would )io Imjf-Juughed and hajf-cyresaeil away. '' I'd no thought to do it,' he .said, tipeaJting iiiiiu fuJly ; ' )m Jjel'l a howl of mum for a hundred pounds, n ud he jjover Jet mn v-rd. I was fitting up my hnmn for KaclieJ, and Jie* was thre'ateuijig mo '.vitli a priaon. j The old Hjisor kopt his hoard in U)-; -:low(;L yonder, ami when he found tljat I had uaan him go to it— it was late, and ho believed every oiio of us were gone— he , Jlow nt mo like n mitdinnu. I novor mattnt to murdor him.' Tho moon had gono under a cloud ; imd. uokiml us* the candlo in tlio closot bttrned dim, so that his fiibo , was only a blank whiteness, with two burning oyos in which the light of lifo glimmered fitfully; bltt I could not turn away my gaze from it,ovon to glanuo round ? the attic, wliero the evening wind was fluttering and rustling innny ii shoot of pnpor, until the wliolo place Beoniod ulive with rostlosB sotiiids and nibvbmohta. I droW his head (towii ngnihsfc iny bosom and laid my choek against his olaulmy forehead. ' I was bo strong,' he niurmUtod, clenching lite fcbblo flugofs, ' I tlid not kiittw tliat dbttth could be in my grin; Itnohel, 1 wrote a confession— it is thoro On tho floor i take care of it when 1 am goiio— and I placed it in a ream of papor wliioh would bo opened shortly, only giving mo timo for a silro psotipo. tiufc Willie had bomo back to soak me. and hnd setm all anA. lied, for my sake and yours. If tho lad had been con victed I would have saved him nt the price of my own life ; but there wris nothing ngaitist hlrii, nnd there would liavo boon everything ngninst nib. 'Wliea Wb BOttrohod for a trace of the murderer I hid the paper far back in the closet Muter hundreds of other reams j thinking to flecitro it Whbn fi snfb timo Ohme, ButybU have ovor boon watohing bib,' Down in tho quiot stroot bolow thbrb oftme the patter of children's feet upon tho pavement, hnd th(j chatter of children's vetoes. Tho dying mail hoard thorn, and tried to rniso himself. ' I have hnd children,' ho sighed, ' but they never laughod nnd olapped their hands for me. Every morn- , ing I onmo from their orndlos to look upon, your face, Itacliol ; and thoro was always it eursb in xt. Now the tun of the father will bo visitod upon thorn. You hdvb shut ino out from prayor and penitence ; yod lmVo bbou a living doom ngtiinst mo. Ifot 1 am dying (it last ifi ? your arms.' Wlillo iio whispered, tho words falling with difficulty and pain from his faltering tongue* thoro enmo to in& ? onoo more n soubo of iiiollablo penoo and lovo brooding ovor us, By some stthtlo and finer influence the dying man shnrodit, and oponed his byos again to meet mino looking down Upou him with that mysterious renewal of all'cotion. All tho long known consolations, wliioh , had boon to us only as tv vory pleasant song, or as good tidings for othbi's from wliioh we ourselves woro shut out, ontorod into our souls in the hour1 of thoir oxtroniest nood. Tho palo evening ettir, stonily hut vory far away, pointed tho beginning of tho lminonsurahlo distance that was about to sopiirnto tin ; and from my lips, lying oloso to his dull ear, thoro foil, almost unconsciously, tho words that hnd dwelt nil tiny iu my honrt, ' Josus, tho Saviour of moii.' I dcBoontlod into tho Easter streets from tho fatal room, which hud beou tho starting point of both thb lnurdorod liinu nud his inurdot'or into tho boundless eternity. No ono know that I hnd boon thoro ; and, without distinct aim or design, only hiding in my bosom tho Hulllod and time-worn papor? I wandered back to tho poor alins-houso. Thoro, with my faco turned to tlio quiet churcliynrd, which ottered ino no rofuge, though I longod for it grontly, I lay still nnd silont through wooku of illnosfi, with the treasured paper in - his hnnd writing lying undor my pillow, or li eld for snfoty in my fovorish hands. Afterwnrds I remoniber, though vaguely, voynging ovor miles of vhionless waters, and finding Willie, not n heart-broken exile, but ? happy in a now homo, and renouncing tho land of his troublos and mino. But I was restless there, nr.d musfc roturn ; and returning found that the old empty houso with its dcath-slaiue.il attic had boon pulled down m an accursod dwelling, nnd not one stone of it remained upon anothor. Yet for mo at ovory Eastertide it in erected again, and the tragedy of my life is acted out once more. Whatovor olso I forget, or whatever else my mind refuses to receive, thero abides with me ever . ; and over tho memory of my fell, remorseless pnrpooo, and of my cruel hatred, darker in its sin than George ? Denning's unmeditated crime. Bkn Hall's Last Exploits. — Monday, six p.m. — Two hours ago Mr Percy Scarr, of Marengo station, and his brother Richard, wero stuck up by Ben Hall and one of his neophytes, within fotp- miles of Marengo, on the Burrowa side. All the plunder the scoundrels obtained consisted of the gentlemen'3 : watches, horses, saddles and bridles, which wero galloped away with. The squatters around who are possessed of horses of any local reputation must now keep a sharp eye on the same, for I am. in formed that Hall swears that his new gang shall be the best mounted rangers that ever ' took the bnsh for it.' The holies stolen this afternoon will assist to make good the robber's boast, for they are both well-bred animals, particularly Mr Percy Scarr's, which is a fine, showy beast, having formerly been a racer. This highway robbery took place not very far from where Mr Scarr was stuck up before, and very near to the spot where the unfortunate mail man, Crotty, was shot dead. The Marengo police are now in pursuit. Tuesday, nine p.m. — The police : have returned. They were unsuccessful. Most of us are on the qui vive, consequently arms are at a pre mium ; for it has been tritely, yet truly, remarked, that ' those are tho best protected who protect themsolves.' Wednesday. — After robbing tho Messrs Scarr, Hull and his mate went to Young, to take forcible possession of the racer Black Diamond, - belonging to Mr Sheedy, publican, Baok Creek. Fortunately, Mr S. and the horse wore away. How over, Hall rnnsaoked the plaoe, took possession of the bar, and became landlord pro. tern., serving out nobblers ad libitum, and gratis. Ho then ordered suppor, of which ho nnd his ooadjutor heartily par took. They then left, and went and stuok up anothor store Ho ia sppoaed to be now in the bush, nonr Marongo. The bush telegraphs render him almost snfo, among whom he distributes money most profusely. — Correspondent Yaas Courier, April 1&. 