PICKINGS FROM MELBOURNE ; - " PUNCH. r The/ New Zealand Poacher, (Colonel -Pitt,) ! Mr , Gamekeeper- Punch.— " Now f then; young fellow ; you're at it again." --f: /;//./ ; A Nasli-ional Disgrace Wiped; off.-Mr Punch is glad to hear that it is rumoured that Mr Hammett, improperly discharged from the rail way. department, ;has at length got -justice, and' is about to be reinstated. Better late than never; thinks ; Mr P un ch ; but as the victim has been found to have been innocent, it's a pity the real, culprit gets off scot-free ! > An.Expianation from- the Cricket Club. — We are : informed- by 'the , proposers of Dr Macadam that their object was to obtain froni; . him an " analysis " of the bowling. : Office for ;Yague-grants.— Colonel Pitt?s rooms at Hockins' Hotel; What is the difference between Miss Bfaddon , and Bishop Colenso ? The former has produced/ a sensational novel ; the latter; a novel sensa tion. ' / -././' ::" -'/1v"( // . './:./ -o; Rare Curiosities.— -A copy of tlie MrMS with-, out i si snake story. A Herald :withdu fc a puff qf the Illustrated Post. Axs Age without refer ence to/";our Collins-street- contemporary." A woman with strenth of mind not to wear a crino line: A Government' officer who cpuld pass the Civff Service examination. Mr Michie with his hat properly . on his head. . ;; Mr A. Ky te ditto, and His Hands -out of his pockets. Mr- Sullivan pooking - unimportant. Mr Francis as mild as -milk. Mr Ireland looking the picture of modesty. DivLrL/ Smith shallowing his own pills; J: P. Fawkner passing a . night without dreaming of the Pope.. ..A hot day, and the Yan Yean water ; mot /iiiu'ned''off., -.-An'dr greatest; scarcity! of all; a- '-.dull'. number of Punch. ' ; - - t: Social Science. — Official friend. — - " W asn't ithat your governor, Jack ?" Jack—/' Governor I wrell,-now i .;Come to look, I think he is the person T emrilov to t>av mv salarv." .. . .. - Hints to Persons Committed for Trial. — When your case comes on:at'the Supreme Court, cliaU lenge every juror who . looks, honest, and if you /are; found guilty, : get your attorney to -instruct counsel to move for a new. trial. Persevere in this, and in the end you will get off; as the judge; jury, and everybody else1 will be sick of the case, and only too glad -to get rid of you. - ! /.. Those whom Colonel Pitt; might Enlist and : Welcome.— If Colonel Pitt would take back with him to New Zealand- the persons we do not want in Victoria, he would be welcome to return periodically for the purpose of submit ting this colony to that process of social weed ing, of which it is so greatly in need. Not to speak of the miscellaneous gathering he might make in the less savoury localities in and around this city, there 'are several of our public insti tutions among whose members he might exercise the freest possible selection. For instance, he might begin with City Council, thence he might pass to the Legislative Assembly, thence to the University, whence he might take the largest pro portion of the professors ; thence to the' Royal Society, which he might take bodilly ;- thence to the two ecclesiastical conclaves now sitting, from which he could take, with the best effect to Victorian society, the most quarrelsome of their members ; thence to the various suburban Borough Councils, which would yield a large ad dition to his numbers. And in this way he might most advantageously, both for the colony and himself procure the full compliment of the force he is commissioned to gather together. Lastly, he might take that individual who, as correspon dent of the Weekly Dispatch, is continually writing home to say what a detestable place Victoria is. The public in England would then be able to know where they could advan tageously settle, and there would be no future need lor Colonel Pitt to come and try to inveigle awav those whom it is desirable Victoria should retain. — Melbourne Punch. A gouty gentleman says, if you would keep your room, comfortable in winter, obey the injunction 'of the ghost in Hamlet : " List ! Jist ! oh list !" 