DIARIES OF A LADY OF QUALITY.* " WE hear,", writes Gilly .Williams,, to George» (."elwyn, " of your fallirjg asleep standing at the old President Henauli's, and knocking him and three other,old women into the fire. Are these things true ?" If so, it is a pity Mr. Hayward was not there to. pull them out, since he seems to haye an extraordinary fancy for octogenarian females. No sooner has he disposed of one than he gets entangled with another ; and Johnson's' "lively .little lady," .'the J reckless, rattling, imprudent,|impulsive'Mrs. Piozzi1; ie suc- ceeded in hiB affections iby the large, stately, sen- sible, sententious, and decorous Miss Wynn ; their sole points pf similafily being their pride of birth, their knowledge of languages (including i Latin), and their fortunate fondness for the best sortof gossip. We say for'unate, bec3H?e, without attaching quite so much'importance as their common editor to the waifs and strays of history «nd biography called Ana,' we readily acknow- ledge the value of written reminiscences in which the passing and perishable" signs of social pro- gress, or the Blighter incidents ' and traits of memorable events and personages, are con- scientiously tet down. If a carefully kept diary does nothing more, it at least reflects the colour of the times ; and the case mode cut by Mr. Hayward for his old lady No. 2 is xertainlyK plausible enough to attract a fair amount.of attention to htB book. She was . the' daughter of the fourth Sir Watkip,-. and. grand-daughter , of George Grenville, tho. Minister, from which any person versed in "genealogy,1 or possessed of a Burke, may easily collect that Bhe was related to two or three dukes, fi vé or six earls and barons, .baronets a- discretion, with honourables and right honourables by the score. Here then, it is argued, is à spinster of quality, born in the purple, a member of one bf those privileged families that dii this country the honour of governing it during the whole of the last century and the first quarter of. the present ;, the niece and constant associate of the haughty and ex- clusive Grenvilles in their pride of power or place, when the flower of the aristocracy were I glad to mingiest Stowe and Dropmore with statesmen,.orators, and exiled scions of royalty.. ' She watched them when they , gravely . scanned: ¡the political horiaan " with fear of change per jplexiog nation? ;" . she was by their side in their. happier . hour! of ' sócial converse;" Bhe often, 'heard 'them talk' big; she sometimes ,saw' them look little; and ! when anything she thought worth commemo 'rating.occurred.in her presence, or was told in I her hearing, she conscientiously recorded it in ; hqr, ; cleary firm, bobJ, irather irregularly . con ': s'tructed phraseology1,"t reminding one of, old.« i fashioned . handwriting, without grase but j equally withoutp affectation.. Her language and' i tono of thought nro throughout redolent of the j well-born gentlewoman of the' old school ; and her diaries have the ' rare.merit of being objec- tive rather than' subjective,. of dealing inore ! with" mattera , pf fact-''than sentiments. They ,, contain / nó egotistical effusions, and she bas, a, peculiar- rfelicity'in mixing up her narra- tives and descriptions with curious touches and interesting details ; as in the scene at Dropmore in 1707, the\a'ctbrs being ,Lord Wellesley, Lord ! Grenville,'and Pitt in chase "of a bird round'the. library ; or-in : the-account ; (p. 20) of Lard ! Grenville's reading the Gazette of January 80, 1648, to George III. and the Prince of Orange in 1703, The account of tbo.entrance of Louis XVIII, into London is similarly enlivened by a detail, and the suggestion of n probable mishap, 1 whioh would.hardly have occurred to a common 1 place lady" of ; quality, or ' would have. been suppressed by her if it bad- .< I wai amused at seeing the Prlcoè Begent Bitting backwards in the landan/' Ha had, of course, gWen the ¡front (eat to Lonli and the Dasbésie d'Ango-ileme. I wondered bow a position so unusual would agrso with him¡ sitios the dijs cf; absolute, childhood, when be I might baye gone with the biog sod queen, be never could ;hsv.eVfonñd himself In snob a oar,'and I thought of lbs possibility of an interraplion most undignified, .. i . Marie» of a Laâg of Quality from 1707 to 1814.' ' Edited, with notes, by A. Ha j ward, Esq, Q.Ç, london : Longman and Qot 1604, Héruncie[xorà Grenville, was Chancellor of (be Vtyrw»U£'Vf}t,Q}tford when tbe Royal and Xroperiàl Tiiltors were dabbed Honorary Doctors in 1814, Ehe formed part of their train, and JíML. pgied_Jown_.ft"1hing_pr ..Jwo ..which, we should be sorry to have , missed, It should be remembered, in'-»» connexion -with-the-first- of-the- following paragraphs,. - that all the contemporary .accounts agreed in praising the intelligent attention and dis- i criminating applause, bestowed by the illuitrious . fori igners on the Public, Orator . ., . '. Xt il} not at..that, time occur to rae fS._pon)Ji« that ibese 'aoversig'n'sj ' might bot ' understand ons'' amiable bf thal elegant eUesieal-pralionB-iDade in. compliment to . them. a I bite Bine* beard from Dr. Crlobton-s Scotch physician "belonging tb tba household'ot the Empinas ? dowager, «bo accompanied .one of ber grandscns, tbs brother of Alexander-that neither this young prisca nor any ,ona of a nume'oas anita, cxseptinione man,under- ? stood a word of Lttin or Greek, ? ? ' . . s> . " . ' '.. - ( a '? » ?' . Ona aharon, was illuminated. 'lt seems fery iiffitolt; - . to fiad an inscription abort enougb to bs read in lasopt ; ' if it is lona;, tba beginning is burnt ¿nt before tbs end U lighted. The difficulty was moon increased by the necessity .. of maklog this, -appropriais to a obarab. I. - carer heard who h>d the merit of suggesting tbs btaotU- * fatly simple "Ourfraytn a'^hfard,", , The night waa beauuln), uncommonly calca and warm.. From my window, which looked down upon the High. .J street, it seemed as If. one could really bave walked upon the mcvng mass of heeds,. lu one moment, slnaost without sny previous notice-st least without any thai could call the attention of tbe mob whioh was eo fully - occupied-a .' tremendous storm of tbncdir and " rain-, esme on, Tbe effect was -really more" like'1 'the dissolving " bf the enchanted spell and tba! changes of 'Beena in a pantomime than j ànything I ever did see or ever expeet to Bee again ia realflife. Xbe7 High street, wbloh waa one blazi'of.llght,. I and : one unceasing, bum' of bapplnees, became in tbe coarse of five .minutes quite <Urk and quite deserted ;. nothing lias heard but the thunder and' th* torrents of < rain. Where ail the multUudé eanld find shelter,I never discovered. Amidst that,orowd in tbe High Street were, I am. told, Alexander end the Grand Dnobees (Olden, burg), who, ss soon as . they oould gat a say hom the great dinner in tbs Radolïffà library, went out lo walk incog; This was on tba. 14th of J oner ' It' ls eniioua to. .remember, that the.season was so backward that on thia dsy.tbere was tbè.greatrst difficulty in procuring ¿ne " email dish ol strawberries to, deck-the royal binqusr, the forced strawberries being all over, and .the natural 1 not ripe, j .- -. ,: '.. \ . It is fortunate for monarchy when royalty can. afford to be seen 1 en deshabille ;' but this is no excuse for those who put their Sovereign to un. necessary triala by'tbeir negligence, as wo now - learn for the first time, Her-Msjesty-'s attendants . did on the very day or night of ber accession : Jane lB37.-Oa Monday we were listening all day for the tolling of tba ball?, watching whether Ibe guests wera going to the Waterloo dinner at 'Apsley House, Ol Tuesday, at SJ a.m. the Beena olosBd, and In a very abott time the Archbishop of Canterbury and .Lord Conyngham, the Cham I erleio, Set out to announce-'lbe event to their ' young sovereign. ' They "rs'aobed Kensington Parakeet about fire; they knocked, they rang, they thumpedfor a - considerable tims before they oould 'roñen the port<r at the gates ; they «ere again kept wailing .in the cour ratd, then turned into one of . tbe. lower .moms, whets they seemed forgotten1 by .everybody,. ,Xbey rang tbs bell, desired that the attendant of .toe Prinoets Viottiia might be sent to inform H.B.H.-tbat tbey.requeBted in audience on business of impórtanos ; after another delay,, and another ringing to ir quire the ceusp, ibe attendant was summoned, who (tated that the Prxneen waa in such a sweet eleen she could not venture to dieiarb ber, "Then tbey ssl.4, " We are ooma to Jhe Queen on bolinees 'of Btate, and even ber sleep must give way to that." It did ; and to prove that »ie did tot keep them waiiiog, in a few minutes she esme into the room in a loose white- ' night-gown and shawl, her nigbt-cap thrown off,and ber bair falling npon ber shoulders, ber feet in dippers, tears in her eyes, but perfectly collected, and dignified. The first ant of tbe reign was of ooaree the summoning the Connoil, and most bl tbe .summonses were not re- ceived.till after the early hour fixed" for its meeting. Tba Qieen was, upon the openicg of the door?, found Bitting at the bead of lbs table. Sbe received Heat tbs homage of the Doke of Cumberland, who, I suppose, «ai not King ef Hanover when he ko ell to her; the Bake of Sussex rose to perform the same ceremony, bot lia. Qaeer>; with admirable grace, stood np, -and preventing, him from kneeling, kiased bim on the forehead« The orowd waa sb great, tbe arrangements were so ill made, , that my brothers'told me tbs eoene of swearing allegl--, anos to their yonng sovereign was more like that of tbs bidding at en auction than anything elar. . a Her brothers were Sir Henry Wynn (long Minister at Copenhagen), and the Right Honor, able Charles Wynn, famous for his Parlia- ; mentary lore, whom ~ Lord Brougham once proposed to restore in a fainting fit by placing a musty bluebook under bis_nose. He was a .. highly cultivated man, and the : material for ' many valuable entries in his sister's diaries WSB supplied by him. Another trustworthy contri-" butor, bonscious or unconscious,'WBB her uncle» the Bight Honorable Thomas Grenville; and she gives on his authority a fresh and (we think) improved version bf the story told by Earl Stanhope, of Pitt's Bleeping during the mutiny at the Nore. This leads to. remarks on the Dilke of < Wellington's-capacity for'sleep at critical emergencies, and Mr. Hayward catches at" the opportunity to bring in two illustrations in a note:-? It ia impossible to be a great oommander, or even a' truly great man in nny line, wltbont this power ; for without it loth mind and body will prove unequal tc a ftrain. There 1 are- two Inütances of ita display.by tbe Dake not generally known, and reetiog on tbe b:st authority; On arriving personally before St. Sebastian,' be was informed that the breáohiog butènes weald not open for two bonrs¿ '"Toen," stiJ be, turning lo his' aide-de-camp, " the beat thing -we 'ban' do, Bargbetsb, is to go to sleep," He got off bis horse, slipped into a trenah, sate down with bis back against one side, sod wai f.st asleep in a moment. Lord Borgherab (the late Eatl ol:Westmoreland) did tbe~Bame.;r- ~~77 : 'The other bcossioh was wh'en, bjvicg endured greit fatigue, tba Duke bsd gota to sleep In bia tent, attn,, giving strict orders not to be disturbed. An/cfUoer cane in from the-rear-guard-the' army was in retreat-to say that the. enemy, were close at barld. Tba aide-de camp on doty . thought the contemplated emer- gency, bad_strived,_end _ . woke_the. :Dnkfi '' Send the man ;,in." He entered.- '.'Voa have been hotly pursued the whola . day." " Ye. my lord." "Are the troops muob tired Í' ?. " Dssd' beal,, try lord.1* ? ;£ Then tbe French must be'dead best, too-, they won't attack' to- night. ' That will' dr." , Beta«, tba officer and aide-de-oamp were well out ot tbe'lenf,n» 'was fatt.asleep n^ain, _ '_ . In another note on the same entry, the question,, which was- -the- real place of meeting between Blucher and the Duke at Waterloo, is reopened.. It has recently acquired great additional importance from tba publication of the seventh :voluinej>f:£(^ in which'M. de Bot nardi founds conclusions most unfavourable and unfair to the British army upon;the popular error that the meeting - töök place at Ba Bells Alliance. As partly bearing upon thia topjo,1 Mr. Hayward bas,printed a letter from a relative (the niece, ' we believe) of Mejor Percy, who brought home the official, news pf the viotory r, and we are not. without hopes that . other , aimil" communications will bo elicited by this boo«"»: for it contains many statements, loose as reporte! table-talk is apt to, be, which we should be glad to ¡have verified or .confirmed by,contemporary evidence before it degenerates into heamyor tradition. *' w .'.'.<'/.-! ^ . Miss Wynn had a large acquaintance with literary celebrities as well.as with statesmen sod courtiers, and some of her conversations with travellers read as if they had employed their prescriptive talent in mystifying her; Thoa Blt Stamford Raffles, after stating that the punían* mènt for adultery in Sumatra was to be eaten, alive, went on to describe an execution witneBBeo; by a friend i- ' V . Toe criminal being tied lo a stake, the eiecatloner, armed wi b a very large sharp knife, aiked tba "I11"" husband, who03 tbts oeession had precedence o*e'""¿ persor, «hit pltoe be obpse ; he selsoted Jhe rig« .»?» , -WlHeb wn ipr-Ksdlately cot cff. An assisUnt of.thi 'exeooiicpcr pl«oed'lt OP . large silver salver, on wbiel ' -wire prevloosly arranged in beaps, ssl», pepper of v»r(oo degrees cf bett, Icntop*,*', Tbe ?»(»ir wse presente* i lp tbe husband, wno, after bering seeepned (be diigeu«' lng morsel lo blB taste, proceeded to est lt, Tbe nett ii ' renk happened to seiest tbe noss t tbe osremonf 'wai ' ?' repeated; abd tbs executioner, (being * merciful man) after two or three more slides, ran his-sword tbr'.ugt the body of tbo wretobed viotim, sod then dlvidedjthe body among the snrronndiog mnltitnäe, who orowdec with savage feröolty to the bOnible feast. ? j Although this mode of'dealing with co-respon -d nts ii «aid,tot è remarkably efficient in aid ol the divorce courts of Sumatra, we can hardly \- venture to press ÜB adoption by our "Legislature ; but unless Mexico is much improved since 1836, perhaps the new Emperor might borrow a useful . faint or two from the Malaysian DracoB ;- . . No/ember. 1836.-Brad, yesterday avery entertaining Utter from Mrs.' Aabbnrnbam, tbe wife of tbe newlj appointed ? ooneul to Mexieo. Her aeooont of tbe ' - minne rp, of the gaorsnee, i prcfligsey, and devotion ol tbe natives, etroBg'y reminded me of Majrrca ; tba (ac eallrd) 'ladies; living in their bid rooms, or io theil . kifobena-«very, wife . with one lover at leohl, ? who ' pacsss ' lbs life.long evening puffing bis .' ciger 'at - her feet-a Jady receiving eorepany 1 ' wi'h six dragoons aittieg on the bed in wbioh abe was ' talking of notting bot bonseboM tff.iri-evety wnmen, " even those of sevent;-, CVJTM en cheveux, with one flowft stock peibsps in tbe grey .cekB, wbioa do net bide the .ctdoeiaof tbe head;, ohildren (rom their birth for some yeats with an ediflae of taila, gold, dee., de';., erected on their wretebed little t eade. Sbe saya that they bave an opera, tnosh bBtter Iben ooold bavi. b;en expected in ?Boob « sooiaiyj tbat Ibrre the ladies ate.alwaye dressed 1 witb a species ol fire.fly in their bair ; these flee, flies are ? - certainly more brilliant than any. diamonds, bat they most be not only living, bat lively and kept in a s'a'e of l ' ' egl'atioa to emit Ibis light? then they protrude their s:x 'tjgly legs/. Wbat a horrid tlokling, crawling sensation ' they mast give J' ? There are two mistakes which it may be as well to note. " The house at which' Lord Liver- pool was dining on tho Slat ol June, 1815, .was Lord Harrowby's, as stated at p. 340, not Lordo Harewopd's, ns1 at p. ,159; and Miss , Wynn, uncorrected by her editor, has given to the Countess of Albany, ths .Pretender's wi'e, the title of Duchess, which he conferred on his illegitimate daughter. We are not sorry to have à well- autbéntioated version of the Wynyard ghost . story.; but the .Ricketts ghost is a mere double ol the Gook Lane one; and\a sin gie (the shortest) version of the Tyrone delusion-which it clearly was-would .have been enough. With regard to " the Old Woman of Delamere Forest," we look upon the space assigned to her as simply another mark . of Mr/Hay ward's weakness for female senility ; and without entirely sympathising with him in' this very peculiar' taste* we wilL go, the length of promising to accept a third old'lady, duly edited, at bis .hands, provided only that she prove as entertaining : as Mrs. Piozzi and Miss Wynn. . . , 