THE WAIF OF THE WEAR : A STORY OF CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR'S EVES. 11Y MRS. O. LINN.E'JS BANKS. Chapter VI. ;-?'? 'Constance.— Gone to.be married I' : ' Kino John. Rhoda did qot mako hor appearance : next morning. She was ill, and kept her room, but would suffer, no one near her. Slio had ' a nervous headache, and must be quiet,' she said. Quiet! her brain was in a fever! All night she had paced about hor chamber in per fect agony, with both hands olasped bohiud her head, dialing like a caged lion, and mut tered thoughts that lashed her wild rage into frenzy. 'And this is the end of all my pas sionate love — all my wild nopes o.t nappmess with him ! For this, I have played the doting fool, and thought ho might be won. What can that baby know of love for such a man ? What is her love to mine? The rill of the mountain torrent! And he, the traitor, to wear the icy mask so long— to hide the panting heart beneath ! And I, too, must wear a. mask heuceforth— -must sun myself in the light of their love — must greet them oheerily, as though I rejoiced with them ! Rejoico, aye, aa the tigress robbed of her young. And bow shall I compel mysolf to watch their wooing? Watch it. If I do, it will be to mar the wooing. Let them oxult in their new-found blisa. , They laugh best who laugh last,) and I will crush their laughter. Aye, aye, Frank Rueburn,. wear your ' darling Eva ' in your heart of hearts. Betroth hor, marry her ; but I will sunder you. I — I — tho ' beggar's brat,' the ' Waif of tho Wear.' And so ahc raved and chafed till nature was exhausted, and then she flung herself, dressed as she was, aorosg her couoh, and slept heavily. . There were dark circles around her eyes when she came down to breakfast that second of January, the result, it was presumed, of the intense headache — of tho more intense heart ache no one bad a suspioion. Her smile, it is true, was somewhat langu:d ; but- when ac quainted by Mr. Marsh with Eva's betrothal to the ' bumpkin,' her congratulations were ua wnrui no buuuf^ii duu . luettui* incut, uiiu uur surprise as manifest as though the crimson curtain had never concealed a listener. The Polly had been in port two or three weeks; but nothing had been heard of Cuth bert until that afternoon, when Mr. Raeburn met him at an inn in the town, whither each had gone to fortify himself against the eold with grog and brandy and water, acoording to peculiar taste. Frank, in the gladness of his heart, revealed to him the secret of his long attachment to Eva, and their recent engage ment, and begged ho would accompany him to Mr. Marsh's, to pay his respects to the bride elect. Cuthbeft endeavoured to excuse him self, but Mr. Raeburn would take no denial, and tho two walked thither, arm-in-arm, but with widely- different feelings—the one elated with confidence and hope, ° the othor lost in doubt and fear, and bis hoad was as week — very impulsive, and though his principles were sound, he had little strength to resist tempta tion. His late voyage had supplied him with leisure for reflection. |Consoiooce had' been active, and bin chief thought during the hotuc ward voyage $ad been how to obtain forgive ness from; Mary, and shun the presence of the fatally entrancing Rhoda. He bad found JVlary ever generous, only, too happy to receive bim-'-too blest in his return to critise the bun gling apology he made for absenting - himself in his. foolish pique. Of his flirtation with Rhoda he said nothing, and Mary knew noth ing ; for Eva, unwilling to make misohief, in her letters to Mary had not adverted to Cuth bert's attention to her cousin,. and indeed was herself in ignoranoe of his infatuation for Rhoda. Knowing his own .weakness, Cathbert urged Mary to consent to be bis wife before he went to sea again, promising to leave her behind, in order to provide a suitable voyaging outfit against his return in spring, when he should expeot her to be prepared to accompany him. Taking Mary's half-aBseut for a whole one, he had hurried home to his father, to inform him of his intentions, and obtain the requisite mar riage license. That important document had not been in his pocket-book half an hour, when he had the misfortune to meet Frank, and was induced to postpone his immediate depar ture . The humming-bird and rattlo-snake typify Rhoda and Cuthbert exactly. ? No sooner did she fix her lustrous eyes on him than their fas cination held him like a spell. Able to com mand a ship, yet was he not able to command himself; and Rhoda soon held him in firmer bonds than before. Not that he forgot Mary ; but tho memory bcoame a reproaoh to him, and he strove to shut it: out. So skilfully did Rhoda beguile; him, ? that when he returned to Sunderland, after Bome days' stay, ho went with the impression that Rbpda's illness had been through grief at his apparent estrange ment, and that hor love for him was so exces sive she would 4te if ho did not return it. She had so contrived, that at his doparture he beg ged sho would write to him, and she, with feigned reluotance, consented; but she 'bated the name of Rhoda !' and would only be written to as Eve— 'a name as near to her dear cousin's sweet ono as she eould think/' He was to. address his letters to the post- office for E. M , and she would call for them. ' She knew her unole had other views for her, and dared not meet bis displeasure if their love wore avowed openly.' ; Again he sailed, witn out seeing Mary— and this time without* quarrel for a pretext. . In vain did Rhoda strive (without, inculpat ing herself) to sow dissension between Eva and Frank, their love and confidence wassd'perfeot. She was foiled, but not subdued ! ?What- a commotion a projected marriage creates in a house, especially where the bride is the only child of a wealthy father. The bridal trousseau alone is generally sufficient to booupy tho minds of the feminine portion of the family, and mujh of their time ; but Eva, nevertheless, had always leisure for Frank, and would be ready bonetted and shawled when he came to take her for a ramble by the river, or a drive through the green lanes. And they had no duenna now ! One of their favourite drives led them past a secluded building — part mansion, part oastlc— -almost bidden from the - view by masses of large forest trees surround ing it on. all sides ; ivy had grown almost to the battldments, aud bung iu negleoted fes toons over the gothio entrance, which was situated in an angle of tho building, and closed with a heavy oaken door studded with large nails. This portion of the 'building -was more elevated than the rest, so that a small turret, situated immediately over the doorway, towered above the trees, and was visible some distance down the road. From this feature, the whole pile had ob tained tho name of the Giey Tower ; and as it had been for some years uninhabited, there was a alight air of desolation about the spot, while the neighbouring villagers had not failed, to couple .with stories of the supernatural. This old mansion had attracted Eva's notice, and with the romance of youth, she continually expatiated on its picturesque beauty,' until ono day Frank asked her if .sho' ' Would like to reside there ?' ' Ob, dearly ! It would be delightful.' ' What ! amidst all the ghosts and hob goblins ?' ' Ah, Frank, you are laughing at me ! I don't believe there are any ghosts but evil thoughts ; and 1 hope we shall never harbour thom, and then they will never trouble us ?' Tho settlements were signed, bridal robei finished, tho Grey Tower secured as their fu ture residence, the house and grounds put into thorough repair, and suitable fumituro ordered. Tho ' Polly' came duly into port; and on the first of May, in the year eighteen hundred and forty, Eva promised to '« love, cherish, and obey'^ Frank Raeburn ' till death did them part,' Cuthbert, according to promise, being groomsman, Mary and ltuoda bridesmaids. Might not these bridesmaids, aptly prefigure the conflicting spirits of good and evil, bat tling for the mastery ovor Eva's destiny; they might — thoy did— -but whioh would prove the victor ? After the breakfast, Mr. Marsh called Rhoda aside, and thus addressed her. '? My dear bairn, I think this is a fitting oc casion for me to release you from entire depen- ? deuce on me. Hitherto I have supplied jour ???-?-*; purse aud Eva's equ illy/ but now you are going to live with Eva, you will be removed from ' your present banker ; and, therefore, in order to provide against contingencies (for life is' very uooertain), I have vested £1000 in the funds in your name, and here are the securi ties. You remember asking me one day when Hesketh was so shaky a while ago, if I thought be had made his will, remarking that Cuthbert would be likely to tako all if ho died without one; but I don't think that ill of the lad, al though those women have used him unfairly. However, that set me thinking that I bad mado no provision for you, so I resolved to ropair that error at onea.' Rboda was profuse in ner expressions of gratitude, and returned to the table with ayes glistening— -not, howevor, with grateful feeling, but with delight that the seed she had sown so skilfully fructified so toon. Mary accompanied the newly-married pair to London for the honeymoon, and Rhoda, at her own request, remained behind to superin tend the furnishing, hiring of servant*, and altogether prepare the Grey Tower for tbeir reception. She did make her preparations, and mysterious enough some of them were ; and in the midst of all she mado opportunities to wander lovingly through the woods with Outhbert, whenever he could spare a day from his duty, and to correspond with him when away, but still iu secret. {Tu be Continual.) ity}\:' .- ?''' . : ? '.? '? 'l*f'..-V ????? 