TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS.) SYDNEY. November 1. THE annual meeting of the Congregational Missionary Society was held yesterday, and was largely attended. The Rev. Mr. Graham was elected president for the ensuing year. Ben Hall robbed the Albury mail on Satur- day and Sunday. The competitors for the intercolonial rifle matches have sailed for Melbourne. News has been received from the Cape of Good Hope to September 26th. The Kaffirs were still quiet at that date, and an immense force was in readiness to put down the first outbreak. MELBOURNE. The inquest on the body of Mrs. Brookes has terminated in a verdict of "died from puerperal fever after child-birth. The insolvent George Millar, who was ar- rested in Sydney, has been sentenced to six years' imprisonment with hard labor, for fraudu- lent disposal. The Egmont has brought thirty-three volun- teers from the St. Helena Regiment, en route for New Zealand. Betting on the races ¡s brisk. Maidstone is the favorite for the Ascot Cup. Ingleside for the Steeplechase, and Roebuck und Musidora are the pets for the Melbourne Cup. AT the usual meeting of the Volunteer Fire Company, No. 1, last evening, there were eighteen members present, and five new ones were admitted. The followiug resolution was put and carried unanimously :-" That, while this brigade is mainly supported (as at present) by the Queensland Insurance Company, it shall be considered a duty, in the event of a confla- gration, to endeavor to save property insured in that company , in preference to that insured in any other office." A MEETING of members of the Church of England attending Wickham Terrace Church was held last evening in that building, for the purpose of electing a church warden to represent the congregation. Mr. John Douglas, M.L.A., the churchwarden nominated by the bishop, occu- pied the chair. 'There was not a very large attendance. Two gentlemen were proposed for the office-Messrs. P. Phelan and A. B. Robin- son, and the former gentleman obtained the show of hands. Mr. Robinson demanded a poll, which was taken, and Mr. Phelan was re- turned by a majority of two votes. IN accordance with a notice in the Govern- ment Gazette and in the local journals, a large number of tenders for the construction of the line of railway between the Little Liverpool Range and Toowoomba were sent in yesterday. The contract will be one of great importance, as the amount of work to be done is expected to cost about half a million of money. 'The tenders will not be opened until to-morrow - al- though sent in yesterday - but we presume that the delay is occasioned by the absence from town of Mr. Macalister. By several persons it is supposed that the lapse of time allowed to in- tervene between the receipt and opening of the tenders was arranged for certain purposes on the part of the Minister for Lands and Works, in order that in the mean time he might consult with his railway colleague, Mr. A. Fitzgibbon, or ascertain the vews of the representative of the firm of Messrs. Peto, Brassy, and Co. This, of course, is mere rumour, but it is such a short time ago since the first jobbery in connection with the present contract was effected, that it is not a matter of sur- prise to us that the greatest mistrust is placed in anything emanating from the Railway Department. We are at a loss to know how it is that in this colony, which prides itself upon possessing such liberal institutions, so much secrecy should be observed in reference to the railway contracts. As we remarked some time ago, the practice in Victoria is, to request the attendance of all tenderers on a certain day at the Public Works Department, and to have read to them the amount of the various tenders, and there and then to announce the one ap- proved of by the board. The routine is very simple ; and, at the same time, it is honest and just towards a class of persons who devote a large amount of time to preparing specifications. Judging from the proceedings connected with the first contract, we can hardly expect that the Minister for Works will approve of such a system. Its simplicity, of course, will be beneath his notice, as it will involve honesty and justice towards all parties. PREVIOUS to the departure of the Telegraph for Sydney on Monday last, a seizure of about 19 ounces of gold was made by one of the Custom House officers. It appeared that the officer in question had suspicions that some of the passengers were evading the Act by smug- gling gold without paying the duty required, and notwithstanding that the man from whom the gold alluded to was taken denied having any in his possession, two parcels were taken from him and of course confiscated. This will act as a warning to the fortunate members of our mining community who wish to take their gold to another colony. ' IT is a source of pleasure to us at all times to notice any new branch of industry entered upon by inhabitants of this colony. To some the establishment of a Parcels Delivery Company is most in accordance with their wishes ; to others a speculation in old rags, bones, glass bottles, and old metal, is looked upon us being the step- ping stone to a future independence. In fact, though young in years, we are really getting old in our habits, and are following the example of others in the longer established cities of the neighboring colonies. The latest commercial speculation is that of Mr. G. G. Sloper, a manu- facturing chemist in Spring Hollow. This gentle- man, not only recommends " blacking" of his "own make"-A cure for mosquitoes and flies - marking ink, which, of "course," cannot be washed out - all kinds of good things in the form of cool drinks and fascinating syrups ; but prides himself upon having produced a " lemon kali," tho virtues possessed by which are too numerous to mention. We have not tasted Mr. Sloper's blacking - no doubt the Campbell Min- strels might enjoy it - but we have his celebrated " kali," and certainly if we could be led to believe that the blacking was as pleasant as the kali, we should be inclined to take a draught of it, especially if the temperature was as high as it was when we first made our kali mixture. THE Campbell Minstrels performed last even- ing at South Brisbane, in the School of Arts. There was a very good attendance indeed, con- sidering the counter-attraction at the other side. The performance was admirable, Mr. Temple- ton's concertina solo, especially, receiving the applause of the audience, and an arbitrary de- mand for an encore was gracefully complied with. Mr. Howson also was very successful in rendering his comic banjo solo - and, having responded to a unanimous encore, with extreme dilllculty avoided coming on a third time. Mr Braham was much admired in "Good-bye, Sweetheart, Good-bye," a song excellently adapted to display the large compass he pos- sesses. The entertainment concluded with "Slim Jim," which was rendered as well as usual, Mr. Chiltenden's Barnum being remark- ably good. At the conclusion of the entertain- ment, an announcement was made that the minstrels would perform this evening, at the School of Arts, for the benefit of Messrs. Howson and Templeton, when, we understand that several talented amateurs will afford valuable assistance to the minstrels ; and a new farce "The Virginian Mummy," is also announced. Altogether, the programme is un- doubtedly the best as yet offered by the minstrels, and they will doubtless meet with the extensive patronage they deserve. PROFESSOR BARTINE'S entertainment, held last evening, in Crawford's Royal Horse Bazaar, was certainly very successful, although it was evident from the delay which occurred at the commencement of the performance, that scarcely sufficient time had been allowed for perfecting the necessary preliminary arrangements. How- ever, the audience--a very large one--appeared' determined to look over the defects which would naturally arise in the first representation of a programme that requires such elaborate prepa- rations as that brought before the Brisbane public for the first time last evening. It was not until an hour after the advertised time that the curtain rose for the display of Herr Cushla's classical illustrations, which were really clever, and well calculated to reward the patience with which the persons present had waited for their appearance. There is no doubt but that Herr Cushla's grouping is all that could be desired, although exception might be taken to the manner in which the figurantes are draped-- it being somewhat hard to conceive that any similitude exists between the costume of an ancient Greek and a modern ballet girl, even presuming the last-named to be denuded of her crinoline. The classic grouping having con- cluded, Mr. Bartine made his appearance on the corde volante--a sort of swing, elevated about thirty feet above the audience --upon which he performed some remarkably clever feats, which concluded the first part of the programme. After a very long interval, tho monotony of which, however, was relieved by two persons-- occupants of the reserve seats-- who kindly did some tableaux, with the assistance of three chairs, the curtain rose for the representation of the celebrated ghost illusion, which occasioned a rush to the front, and the breaking down of the trapeze platform. The illusion may be re- garded as perfect, and it was a pity that all who were present coudl not obtain a clear, uninter- rupted view. There was no mistake about the ghost-it was there ; one of the members of Herr Cushla's troupe passing her arms through and about it was sulllcient evidence of its unsubstantially. Considering the very limited means at his disposal for producing scenic effect, Herr C'ushla deserves much credit for the man- ner in which he brought the glost on the stage, for the first time, in the Royal Horse Bazaar, and we understand that an improvement is con- templated this evening. Upon the departure of the spectral vision, Mr. Bartine again came for- ward, this time for the purpose of walking on the ceiling, a hazardous feat, which he performed apparently with the greatest ease, and for which he was most vociferously applauded. After a short interval, another series of classical illustra- tions were produced, which deservedly received the same meed of commendation as those which commenced the evening's entertainment. Mr. Bartine's performance on the flying trapeze, which are truly described as being wonderful, concluded the evening's performances, which will be repeated this evening, when a great improve- ment may be anticipated, there being no reason to fear any unnecessary delay in the commence- ment or between the intervals of the perform- ance. There can be little doubt, judging from the enthusiastic manner in which Mr. Bartine was received last evening, that his introduction of such a heap of novelties into Brisbauo will be eminently successful. THE lovers of the histrionic art in Brisbane and Ipswich, will be reminded of an old friend, by the following, which we take from the Aus- tralasian:-"At the Haymarket Theatre, Mel- bourne, on Wednesday evening, Mr. P. C. Cun- ninghame, a comedian new to the Victorian stage, made his first appearance in the character of Bailie Nicol Jarvie, in the drama of " Rob Roy," with the most complete success. We are so accustomed to see the immortal Bailie cari- catured on the stage, that it was something like a new sensation to see a conception that would have satisfied Sir Walter Scott himself realized with a nature and art that, while still perfectly original, forcibly culled to mind the efforts of the famous Mackay. Mr. Cunninghame was loudly applauded throughout every scene, and is indeed a valuable addition to the Melbourne stage." 