PURE "WATER AND FRESH AIR. [From the Times.] There was a great deal of truth in the theory of the old philosophers, that there were only four ele ments—fire, air, earth, and water. Nearly all the necessaries of life, in one form or another, may be summed up under those four heads. We are mainly composed of earth ourselves. Earth we are, and to earth we return, in all manner of strange unaccount able ways. Water is almost as important an ingre dient in our frame j we are perpetually consuming air j and heat in its various forms is the great agent of our life. Our food, animal and vegetable, grows like ourselves from,the earth, water, air, and heat; and for our drinks, as Addison's. Tory Landlord maintained, " There is, after all, nothing like a good cup of English water—provided it has plenty o malt in it." A deficient or bad supply of one or other of these four elements is J;he cause of nearly all the diseases that we are now fighting so stout a battle with in town and courftry. j We have lately had occasion to remark on the necessity of obtaining a better supply of good air to our crowded populations, by supplying them with well ventilated houses j and our attention has been called within the last week to the want of a better supply of another of the elements. The immense influence of a good water supply upon health, is remarkably illustrated by a statement which we published but recently of the comparative mortality in Salisbury before and since the completion of a good system of drainage and waterworks. Before the completion of the works, the average annual mortality of the city was at the rate of 27 per 1,000. Since then it has been 21 per 1,000, so that there is an actual reduction of nearly one- fourth the whole number of deaths. The last quarter shows a still more striking result, the deaths having been only 20 out of a population of about 9,000—a mortality which is at the rate of less than 9 per 1,000 in the year. When we remember that the death rate in all London last year was 23 per 1,000, and, to take an example of a crowded spot, the rate in the Holborn district was 26 per 1,000, we shall see sufficient reason to take all the precautions we can to lower so excessive a rate. The following calculation will put this in the strongest possible light. The actual number of deaths in the Holborn district last year was 1,238. If the average death rate of Salisbury during the last eight years, which is itself above the normal rate, and above even the actual rate in some parts of London had prevailed, the deaths would have been reduced to 1,000, and at the Salisbury rate of the last quarter they would have been 550. There are other towns where the state of things is worse still. We have before us the last quarterly report of the health of Manchester and Salford, from which it appears that the mortality in that district during the last quarter was at the annual rate of more than 32 per 1,000. This is nearly double what it ought to be, the standard of health being at present considered 17 per 1,000, and one consequence of course is that the population in this district is nearly stationary—the births only exceeding the deaths by 7 in the 1,000. This is to be accounted for, we fear to some extent, by the distress of the population; but at the same time the towns in this district are known to be miserably deficient in drainage and water supply, and it is very satisfactory, with such a report before us, to remember that the population are now engaged to a great extent in supplying this want for themselves. We have enough to do, however, at home while, as we have said, there is a district of London in which the rate of mortality was 26*7 last year, or more than half as much again as it ought to have been, and that without any special cause. We have satisfactory evidence from the known experience of such cases as Salisbury that any death rate beyond the ordinary mortality of human nature springs from causes for the most part within our own control. As the death rate in London last year was 23 per 1,000, instead of 17, we may say that six persons in every l,000,or 15,000 in a population of 2,500,000, died last year from the neglect of plain sanitary precautions. We want all the fresh water and fresh air we can get—water to drink, to wash with and to cleanse our drains and scour our streets. Air is ready to our hands j all we have to do is to take every means to purify it and keep it fresh. Every plot of garden in the centre of a town, every square with its flowers, shrubs, grass, and trees, is a centre of health to the district around it.. It absorbs the noxious elements of the air, and restores the good ones. We cannot afford to throw away any means, however apparently trifling, for supplying this great city with air and water. The Son op the Pbince of Wales.—The appear ance of this interesting little stranger has, as may be expected, excited some curiosity as to his present and future status as a member of the royal family. Many correspondents ask us whether he will, in the event of his father's accession to the Crown, necessarily assume the title of Prince of Wales. We will endeavor to answer this query. The title of Prince of Wales was first conferred on the infant son of Edward the First, in 1284, and has never been bestowed but on heirs to the throne. The title is not, however, a matter ot right, but of favor, and a special creation—that is, the heir to the Crown is not Prince of Wales as soon as born; but the title is conferred ^ shortly afterwards. In the event of the Prince of Wales dying in the . lifetime of the Sovereign, then., his eldest son, or, in the failure of issue, next brother, would, according to precedent, receive the title. Arthur, Prince of Wales, son of Henry the Seventh, died in 1502, in his father's life time; and Prince Henry (afterwards Henry the Eighth) was created Prince of Wales. Similarly, Prince Charles, afterwards Charles the First, was created Prince of Wales when 12 years of age, on the death of his brother Prince Henry. When George the First succeeded to the throne of England in 1714, his eldest son, 27 years of age, was created Prince of Wales; and six months after his accession to the Crowh in 1727, his son Frederick, born in 1707, had the title conferred on him. That Prince died on the 20th of March, 1751, and just a month afterwards, the King (George the Second) " was pleased to order letters patent to pass under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for creating His Royal Highness George William Frede rick (Prince of Great Britain) Prince of Wales and Earl of Chester."- This Prince, then 13 years of age, was afterwards George the Third. It will be seen that the title of Earl of Chester was conferred, and this is always the case. _ It haB been given to the eldest son of the sovereign ever since 1247. The Dukedom of Cornwall was conferred in 1337 on the Black Prince and his heirs in perpetuity, and by virtue of that grant the eldest son of the Sovereign is Duke of Cornwall as soon as born. In the event of there being no such Duke, the revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall revert to the Crown. The Royal infant just born is a Prince of Great Britain, is entitled to be addressed as " Your Royal Highness," and takes precedence immediately after the sons and daughters of the Sovereign.—Dispatch. Evidence befobe Committee.—-It is much harder to obtain information than some people may think; most persons don't know anything, and those who do don't say what they know.. Her6 is a real episode from the history of an enquiry which took place four or five years ago into the desirability of making a new line of railway on the Border. A witness was giving what is called " traffic evidence," in justification of the alleged need of a railway, and this is what occurred: Mr. Brown (the cross-examining counsel for the opponents of the new line)—Do you mean to tell the Committee that you ever saw an inhabited house in that valley? Witness—Yes, I do. Mr. Brown—Did you ever see a vehicle there in all your life ? Witness Yes, I did. Mr. Brown—Yery good. Some other questions were put, which led to nothing particular; but just as the witness—a Scotchman—was leaving the box, the learned gentleman put one more question —I am instructed to ask you if the vehicle you saw was not the hearse of the last inhabitant ? It was.— Corrihill Magazine. Parisian Yiew of an English Sensation Drama.—A recent communication from the able Paris correspondent of our leading morning con temporary contains the following amusing description of a sensation drama now performing every night at the Theatre Chatelet : " It is founded on the novel ofc Aurora Floyd,' and is called ' Le Secret de Miss Aurore.' For obvious reasons, our sensation novels, however meanly they may be thought of by persons of any refinement of taste, were likely to be highly relished by a large class of French readers. * Miss Aurora's Secret,' as put upon the Paris stage, seems to be looked upon as a very serious and pathetic play; but I suspect that its effect upon English spectators will be to provoke hearty laughter. They can hardly be otherwise than immensely diverted at the French conception of an English country gentle man eating and drinking as hard and as fast as he can put fork and glass to his mouth, with his face within six inches of his plate, and, while thus devour ing, incessantly and unintelligibly talking. He occa whimpers helplessly. Balstrode, the dashing cavalry officer, is got up to resemble as nearly as possible a distressed tailor; but, as he wears moustaches and a bit of variegated ribbon in the buttonhole of his black coat, it is, of course, impossible not toreoogniae his profession. The coroner, a very bald gentleman, with a wonderfully pink soalp, and a tippet to hi*. coat, comes in, attended by two policemen, to take Aurora to prison; but he allows himself to be moli fied, and calls in a witness, who takes upon himself the office of counsel for the defence, reasons with the coroner, and convinces him that Aurora is innocent and Hargrave guilty. Whereupon Hargrave, who is represented by a bandy-legged giant, with a diaeased physiognomy, intimidates the policeman by the dis play of a carving-knife, and escapes to the woods, but only to be there-tormented by the ghost of James Conyers and other aparitions, got up upon the Pepper principle, and which are the most effective things in the play. Much stress is laid in the bills upon what is called a hop-picking festival, whieh takes place in a sort of forest, amid huge trees, whereon the hops may be supposed to have grown; but, having been gathered,* they are, of course, no longer seen. The festival consists of a series of dances performed by young ladies in Scotch costume, most of the men present also having, more or less, a tartan in their attire—it being, apparently, the con viction of French playwrights that the * Highlander* is the chief and predominating ingredient in the population of Great Britain." Instinct and Science.—It has been well remarked by a clever author that bees are geometricians. The cells are so constructed as, with the least quantity of material, to have the largest-sized spaces and the least possible interstices. The mole is a meteorologist. The bird called the nine-killer is an arithmetician;1 also the crow, the wild turkey, and some other birds. The torpedo, the ray, and the electric eel are electri cians. The nautilus is a navigator; he raises and lowers his sails, casts and weighs anchor, and per forms nautical feats. Whole tribes of birds are musi cians. The beaver is an architect, builder, and wood cutter ; he cuts down tree3, and erects houses and dams. The marmot is a civil engineer; he does not only build houses, but constructs aqueducts, and drains to keep them dry. The ant maintains a regular standing army. Wasps are paper manu facturers. Caterpillars are silk-spinners. The squirrel is a ferryman; with a chip or a piece of bark for a boat, and his tail for a sail, he crosses a stream. Docks, wolves, jackals, and many' others are hunters. The black bear and heron are fishermen. The ants are day labourers. The monkey is a rope-dancer. Shall it, then, be said that any boy possessing the godlike attributes of mind and thought can only eat, drink, sleep, nnrl pliy, nnrl i3 therefore lower in the scale of usefulness than tiie3e poor birds, beasts, fishes, and insects ? No, no! Let "Young England" enjoy his manly sports and pastimes, but let him not forget the mental race he has to run with the educated of his own and other nations; let him nourish the desire for the acquisition of " scientific knowledge," not as a mere school lesson, but as a treasure, a useful ally which may some day help him, in a greater or less degree, to fight "the battle of life." —The Boy's PlaybooTc at School. Egyptian Wheat.—Last year, Mr. M. H. M.' Eraser, residing near this township, had five or six grains of Egyptian wheat given him by a medical student of the Melbourne "University. The wheat was extracted from a mummy unrolled in London. The grains were planted and carefully tended, and three of the number took root. Erom these haye sprung a number of stalks, each supporting six ear# of magnificent bearded wheat. The grower intends sowing the increase till he can obtain a- sufficient quantity of seed to cover a paddock. So far as we have heard, this is the first attempt in Australia to reproduce grain from a crop originally reaped during the dynasty of the Ptolemies.—Baylesford Express. The Swarm op Eggs in a Single Eish (vide Erank Buckland's Eish-hatchmg). — The trout, weighing 1 lb., carries 1,008 eggs; the perch, weigh ing h lb., carries 20,592; the smelt, weighing 2 ozs., carries 36,652; the brill, weighing 4 lbs., contains 239,775 eggs; the herring, weighing £ lb., contains 19,840; the turbot, weighing 8 lbs., contains 385,200; the cod, weighing 20 lbs., carries 4,872,000 eggs. Nubian Mermaids.—A small human form lay stretched on the surface of the water, moving quickly along by means of its hands and feet. A little lower down was another figure, quite black, apparently sitting on the water, and moving in the same direc tion. This was a Nubian inhabitant of Assouan, ferrying himself across the river on his ferry-boat, the boat being simply a log of wood cut from a date tree. He was bound to it with a cord made from the fibres of the same tree, having a bundle of Indian corn leaves, which he is taking across as fodder for his goat or his sheep on the opposite shore. He wears no clothes, and sits on his log boat, his legs stretched out horizontally along either side of it, so that it is completely hidden under the water. In his hand he holds a small paddle-oar, with whioh he pushes the water back, first on one side, then on the other, till he has reached the opposite bank. And yonder is our mermaid—his little girl, of about ten years of age. She has also her log boat, which is buried under the water, as she lies along it, flat upon her chest, her hands and feet working away above the surface. She, like her father, is taking some fodder across the river. Her laughing face is turned towards us, the very picture of innocence and happi ness—her rich copper- colored Complexion is her only clothing; her short, black, curling hair waves be witchingly round her forehead; and the bundle of bright green leaves, seen above the water in front of her, completes the whole smiling picture. It was an exquisite touch of nature, and its beauty and sim plicity were irresistible. Eorgetful of the first shock natural to civilized minds on seeing a young lady in such a position, we lingered on, and voted this by far the prettiest sight we had yet seen. At the request of our dragoman the little mermaid was made to show her swimming powers by working her way towards us. The current seemed almost too strong for her; but she was not to be baffled. She came near, and we held out our hands, and dropped a few " paras" (the small copper coin of the country) into her outstretched palm, adding, if possible, to the brightness of her pleased and merry countenance. This is the common mode of crossing the river near Assouan; and many log boats are seen lying on the rooks to dry. -Carey s Cruise on the Nile. 