BELL'S ESSENCE OF PARLIAMENT. TTJEBDAY, JANUARY &rn;, 1864. After genial interchanges of many hoppy returns among the "happy family," Mr'WILSO» ehU up Mr GABHBTT, who a put a nwoinet question by telling liim .that the scab was all right, and he need not bother Ais head about it ¡ and told Mr Morrice that if bo particu- larly wished to know what he anxiously desired to And out about free selootion, he had better go to Berrima and "ax." "r Mr ABNOLD wanted to know how many sofas, easy chairs, ottomans, oheval and pier glasses, what-nots, chefToniere, and shower baths had been supplied to prisoners, policemen, and all that sort of thing since 1800\. Mr HOLROYD said that having made the matter his special study, bo was delighted to inform his Bater eonian Pythias that he had not the remotost ghost of the. atom of a particle of an idea on tho subject, and always .was ; .but Government would voluntarily afford, the ful- lest information on the subject if they were forced to do so. PA'S BOY got up on his legs and implored government to form itself into a provisional committee for a copious supply ot orange aid, it being pretty plain that tho claims of the constituency ho represented required liquidation by immediato «uccotir. Mr G ABBETT deprecated tho unsatisfactory manner in which hon 'lands' satisfied everybody's harmless curiosity, and asked if he was a secret agent te tho Society for thc Confusion of Useful Knowledge Mr MASTÍN said he hoped ministers'were not reduced to such a state of con- stitutional constipation as to bo hound to give an a»s(«>)er to every goose who cackled out a question; in many coses ho thought they wore justified,iii.morely saying "boh\" . . . .' " Mr MOBUIOB said he only asked for information. Mr WILSON said that was just where the hon. member had stultified himself. If Mr Morrice had asked anything he didn't want tb know, he (Mr W.) would have been most happy to oblige him, provided* it agreed both with the Government prineipU* and interest*. Mr COWPEII, JUN., said it was after all but a matter of courtesy, and d' - it ; while ho was strictly just, he would not upset tho government apple-cart by being'ungenerous. (Hear hear from D. C. Dalgleish, who was deeply mooed). Two newspapers then presented disinterested petitions against being taxed, and their leaders would ever pray, ¿c, &o.; The printer's devil then rose on the floor of tho House, amidst a strong smell, bf "congroves at ono' penny per box," and in supernatural \\. occonts asked for " copy, wliioh was supplied -plentifully in- the sliapo of Satitions from a numerous and distinguished body of rowiiB, Greens, Whites, Blacks, Grays, Jones, Robin- sons, and somo ono of tho unusual name of Smith, by Mossrs Darvall, Lucas, Raper, Tighe, Leary, et id. genni anne, notwithstanding tho remonstrance of other hon. memb rs wlio believed, not without reason, that these interesting papers would " do tho state somo services of a superior order by being shot with bthor rubbish ¡uto that grëut- tazar-kouse, the head of Woolloomooloo'Bay. The "devil" then returned highly- delighted at his recep- tion from so many congenial spirits. /' The house thon resolved itself into a committee of " gentle shepherds" and Air Borton having quoted " Lamb's tales" in sup- port, it was declared meet that tho slightest indication of scab should entitle its holder to be denounced as a black sheep, ?&n;à deprived of his baa practico by being hung by tho neck on " the place where the wool used to grow," till he was a dead mutton, and tho lord have mercy on his soul." Mr Evo KB wishing to promote the hilarity of the evening, then rdse up and suggested a quiet rubber-of "Ways and. Means," and members were settling down in their places, with that aspect of sublime-resignation which has of late, been so noble a characteristic of their parliamentary, conduct, when un jumped the elegant Darvall and thunderstruck everybody and electrified the rest, by a direct thrust at the last scheme of taxation but'999, in the form of an amendment in which he sug ? 'gested tho imposition of an income tax upon everybody, as the mpst conciliatory mode of raising the wind. Be- fore " collective wisdom" had reeovered from its aston- ishment, Hon Bayloy proceeded to explain the why and the wherefore, in such a hotorodoxical manner that his hon friends imagined that he must have left his sense behind him on his dressing table with his eau-de-cologne, patchouli,"and other lotions "in his caso made and pro- vided." He actually said that the rich man should be taxed as well as the poor one, and touchingly showed how tho imposition of a heavy duty on spirits would reduce tho hard working mechanic's large wife and small family to starvation, quoting Shylock's keen observation, " You do toko away my life when you do take away the beans by which I live," as an oxnmplo, above proof, of his assertion. He eloquently alluded to the protection afforded by the enlightened legislature to the honest hard striving " lushington," by shielding him from the consequences of an "early beer, or an occasional rush of gin to the brain," and finally tarrifled the government by proving that a persistence in such spiritual manifesto; lions would, in course of time, lead to immediate dis- solution, and ultimately (blue) ruin. Mr AÍABTIN said, after a calm and dispassionate re view of things in general, it was his decided opinion that his honourable and learned friend was excessively partial to hearing himself talk "an infinite deal of nothing," but as he had already had one rory long, and another anything but little, " go in," he thought ho ought to dry up, and not bo so objectionably obstructive, but lot some- body else have a chanco. Ho did not see why his hon. friend should whine over spirits ; lie was not bound to drink them, and for his pfirt, he assured Air Darvall that he would never ask him to have a nobbler, and as for glasses he (Martin) never paid for them on principle. .Ho added that if Hon. Bayley would just bo quiet and let well alone, ho would find it would all bo the samo a hundred years hence. Mr 'fianc said Air Darvall had " knocked him into a cocked hat," but at the same time he had sufficiently re- covered himself to say in the words of Shukspere, Tolano, or some other theatrical manager: "Conception is a blessing, but not as Mr Darvall conceived." Air SADLEIR said Darvall was correct in his data, and wonderfully great in his premises. All he wanted was, to see a lot of lazy sons of-what d'ye call it-oh ! Aus- tralia Infelix-that's tho idea-who aro living at home at ease-ah, little do they know (liko him) of tho dangers of tho seas; he repeated he should"like to see-what was ho talking about when ho WB9 SO annoyingly inter- rupted by himself?-Ali ! yes ! that's it, and he bolieved every hon. member in that House who had a heart, and a head beneath it, agreed with him. Mr ALLEN said that though Hon. Darvall had fairly taken him off his legs by his proposal, yet ho was on them again, and he could not help boiling with indigna- tion at such a sudden suggestion. Ho thought his hon. friend deserved a sovero rap for his disbelief in spirits. He ovidcntly was in a stato of lamentable ignorance as to what was good, and' therefore his benighted condition J proved ho was no good at all, and ergo, not worthy of a scat in that House. Ho would, however, tell a cram to Maitland about it, and in tho mean time said he thought he could^i him if hon. members would move that Dar- vall should bo compelled to buy his own candles for the next hundred years at his (Mr Allen's) establishment, and pay 20s a lb for them. Nobody having seconded this motion, Hon. W. B. sat down in a high stato of lather 'um splash 'um. ?Mr SAMUEL said, that after going into tho " finan- cials" with great deliberation, ho had, after three days 'hard work; arrived at tho conclusion that if. a herring and a half cost three halfpence, a dozen would cost some- thing between one shilling and twelve penny pieces ; but how many farthings would har o to bo paid at the same rate by u Indy or beaury and fashion, who only wanted I eleven, was quite beyond his acknowledged great powers of calculation. He, however, must vote against the amendment, but at tho same time ho had every reason to believe that the result would some time or other prove whether ho was right or wrong, though he confessed at the present moment ha was quite in the dark about it himself. Mr GARRETT dispensed his usual quantum of attic salt in support of Darvall, and Afr MACPHERSON said he was tout au contraire, which almost lcd to his being kicked out of his seat for using dad language. Messrs RAPED, HAKT, EGAN, and REDMAN in turn mesmerised itho House into snoring orders, speaking either pro. or con. Darvall, as tho caso might bc. Tho" DOCTOR" then gave Hon. Geoffrey physic, and indulged in a beautiful metaphor illustrative of the whole theory and practico of medicine, commencing with a bolus, and ending with what nearly amounted to a mo- tion of breach of confidence, and after a few moro'of tho "elect" had relieved themselves, Air STEWART undertook to movb for an adjournment, but got snubbed by 29 to 12. Then everybody made themselves scarce, then a few victims were rehooked, and a house was mnde, then ofter a few words from ROBERTSON, hon. members unhooked. themselves again and skedaddled ; then they wero caught ; then business proceeded till Cowper, jun., got. out of order ; then Mr SUTIIEBLAND woko up in tho middle of a " beautiful dream," and moved for an ad- journment; then Mr COWPER said ho wus not going to " waste his sweetness on tho desert air" at an hour when bia eloquence could not be properly put into his mouth by tho reporters. Mr GABBETT said business was business-stick to it, and look at the House, and then walked out of it, but came back like a " Titun refreshed," and justified himsolf. Then the motion for adjournment was negatived by 23 to ll ; then Mr COWPER, sen., spoko in support of Darvall, and tho LOBS bo thanked, tho House divided, and Darvall was queered by 21 to 7 ; then Ways and Means were resumed for one third of a second, and at . 25 minutes past 3 the House adjourned to tho well known air, " We're all noddin." WEDNESDAY, JANUABT 6in. A fari/-ically gigantic twelfth cake having been or- dered to be laid on the table, and characters having boen drawn for, the House proceeded to " enjoy" itself in harmony : the following ballads, songs, quartettes, ka., giving universal satisfaction : Opening Chorus-Como let us bo happy together...Com- pany (tho Frinoipal Soloes by Alessrs Dalgleish, Cowper, jun., Holroyd, and Arnold) 1 Ballad-" Willie wo shall miss you" .Mr Forster Old Song-Tho Vicar of Bray .Dr Lang i Duet-" 'Tworo vain to tell how much wo owe?... Mesara, Alartiri and Eagar , . ¡' ' "t. Operatic Seena-Oh! I have sighed to rest me ffrom" " Ways and Alcans")..Afr Sutherland [(with grand Bnoring chorus) jj t Comic Song--A master I have, and I am his mon;.".;.. Air Garrett. . j, , Bravura-Pretty mocking bird.Air Arnold Olee-Tlie.tbreo wise men of Gotham......Messrs Raper ;"" Lucas, and Allen . ' )". .. '. Buffo Air-Riding on a railway car .Afr Holroyd .Nautical ¡Song-My Poll and my partner James..,.;.Mr '"*- '-" Eagar Í Old English Air-Tho Jolly Miller*.Mr Dalgleish Comic Song-My father had a happy knack...-.....¿...Mr. 0\. Cowpor, jun. ! Buffo Ail-Old Cyril tho Sexton .Afr R, Stewart Comic Song-I novor says nothing to nobody...Afr Flett Ballad-Happy lands.Air WHBOII Old Song--Gaffer Oreen.Mr Ciiintulngs Grand Chorus-There's no luck about tho house,.by . Collective Wisdom." Tho harmony was int;rsperied in fha " usual mannor" by a series of conundrums about Polico Rewards, Wol- longong Dooks, Bundarra Cometones, Bathurst Rail- ways, &o.;, Ao., whioh wero invariably answorod by Alin istora in thou* usual brilliant and ingenious manner. The unrivalled brass band of tho establishment then brought the festivities to a dead lock, by tho prelude to the celebrated Witches' Chorus in Macbeth, and hon. members having joined hands all round, burst forth into the well known lines-? Blaok spirits, and whits Bed spirits, and GRAT ; r . Ali n gio, minglo, mingle, You that: m ¡ngia may \ And we won't go homo till morning, &o; The serious business of tho evening then comnieaoed and drink* being mitt'on the table,'the House formed itself into a Committee of tho proper Kays and means ot djscuaaing ^tliem. , A vory-rum debate .followed, which ,was conducted in' a. very spirited manner, the péíulúf ' .iutoreâts"of ,Kum, Gin, Brandy^ -Whiskey, .Shamshái land Wines foreign and oolouial being advocated by theil 'respective advocates in a manner which was delightful; îto behold, even ílqn.'.Wilaon disdaining to throw '."cold "water" on suoh a " feast 0/reason and dow of soul." Th,' -""question at issue"'was tho imposition of fresh dutiu oil spirits, it having been'proposed to equalise them br . making them 10s a gallon all round. Then came th* "tug of %var," wliich was conducted in such a scientific I ond complicated manner that it was in vain to attempt to chronicle) it. Suffice it to say that Lucas was a perfect Gulliver among the Lilliputians in his mm antic efforu to prevent his favourite sensation fluid from being taxed beyond its strongth. He moved tho duty on rum should be limitad to 7s, a gallon, and being negatived, proposed it should bo 6s. This being also refused, he said he hid no objection to Gs ld, and if they did not like that he'd say Ga lid, or even 6s lid, and so on.and so forth, firmly declining to say die though he. got snubbed at each gradation of his sliding ^aca\a, GABBETT said he believed in Old TOH¡ and LEAST, with a characteristic wink, of his.eye, said he had aa paltry prejudices; he believed in everything that wai good-and plonty of it. A number of hon members having proved their quali- fications for tho' licensed victualling department, and several of the still rmall voices having proved they know a' thing or or two about distillation in all its branches, it was finally decided by a process of simple division of 23 to 14 that rum should bo taxed 8s the gallon, and subss. I quently, in tho samo way, by 28 to 9, that all other spiriti I should be charged 10s per gallon. This spirited controversy being settled to the satisfit. tion of everybody, the Cn AIRMAN seeing that all wa» getting on capitally, reported progress, and then th» House politely asked itself if it would graciously allow itself to permit itself to sit "again to-morrow. Tho Houst having said " yes,'1 thanked itself, and was about to re- tire out of itself, when MONAIIO Tosí said tho Housj ought to lot itself know: what it had been doing. Mr ' SPEAKER said it was too lute, and ho could not be ! bothered. Another argument ensued, having for it« subject whether tho report of tho Committco should be I received by the House, who of course at present had no 1 idea what they had all been talking about five minurei before. Mr SPEAKER, who was ovidontly bursting to - get out, said, that as Christmas only carno once a year, and Twelfth Night was his prophet, he would not mind, on this occasion only, accepting tho report ; and having orumpled it up in a hurry, ho made a rctrogade move- ment, in which ho was joined at half- past eleven by all his merry men, who made tracks to tho inspiriting straini of Drops of Brandy I and Hoto merrily toe live wto Members be\ Tn uns DAY, .IA». 7TH, 1864. We find ourselves something in the position of Can- ning's knife grindor, who being asked for his story rs plied " Story ! Lord bless you, sir ! I have none to toll !" so we, with our " ossonce" of what took place in thi House on this eventful day. Sufllco it to say that "Wari and Means" were got into almost immediately after opening at half-past three, and that hon. members, after the st rong dose of spirits they had had the previous nigLt, vory naturally began wining, and discussed no end of hock, ohampagno, sauterne, burgundy, claret, and mo- selle. After a few piir-ical raps had boen oxohsngei between Piddington and collective Wisdom, the boitlf holders determined finally that these anything-but nauseous-bet-orages should be taxed at the rato of lOi. per dozen quarts, in bottle, and 5s per gallon in tho wood. . The next subject was " beer," which they tapped with wonderful alacrity, singing Watt'» divine song, " Wi like a drop of good beer." - " And-our eyes If ever we tries To rob a poor man of his beer." Tho " friends of the puor mau" finally agreed that 6d per gallon in the bottle, and 3d per gallon in mood, shouU bo the duty they in future would owe to government Tho Committeo then pitched into dried fruit and " sitcli liko vanitios," which lcd to a long and deoidedly dij i oudfruitless discussion. Mr COWPSB, 3vs., said if. Ur EAOAH would tako his nuts out of the motion hi wouldn't mind supporting him. Then a long debata ensued on nuts in all their roots and branches, Mr RED.UA>- being particularly facetious on tho subject, saying that as the human skull consisted of a shell witt something inside, it was called a nut. Au hon. member romurked that Mr REDMAN in that case had not nny nul at all, his skull evidently consisting of a shell wita ¡ nothing inside. At lost Hon. EAQAU having by his sar. i ing clause dragged cocoa nuts out of the question, thi Committee throwing grosser views to the dogs, detor ¡ mined on a division by 30 to 7 that dry fruit, nut*. should do their duty for 10s the cwt. They then slip ped into oil and dipped into turpentine to tho tune of 3 per gullon, and were proceeding to throw a light on th subjoct of candles, whoa GAEBUTT put an extinguish^; on them by saying it was too late for any moro bnsi ness. This was argued, of course, but nothing of cori' soquenoo occurred till the House adjourned at ter minutes to. one, to the popular Ethiopian ditty ol " Cheer up JEM 1" 