TOPICS OF THE DAY. The nomination for the vacancies in the Adelaide Municipal Council take place at the City Council Chamber this day. No doubt there will be a good attendance,as great interest is felt in the approaching elections. The nomination of candidates to fill the vacancies in the Glenelg Munioipal Corporation took place on Saturday. There was only one candidate for the Mayoralty—the Hon. H. B. T. Straugways, M.P., who was consequently declared duly elected. Mr. H. Mosely was returned as Councillor for St. Leonard's Ward, there being no opposition. Messrs. H. S. Price, and Y. Hodges were proposed as Councillors for New Gienelg Ward, but Mr. Price declining to stand Mr. Hodges was duly elected. There being | two candidates for Gienelg Ward—Messrs. E. A. Wright and 3. Cook—the election will take place on die Ist of December. Messrs. Jonathan Hawkes and W. Butchcox were appointed Auditors. Two meetings of tibe citizens were held on Satur day evening, the 26th inst.—the one at the London Inn, Flinders-street, and the other at the Cumber land House, Elizabeth-street At both meetings Mr. Townsemi was almost unanimously declared as the most fit and msoper person for the office of Mayor. A aerions accident occurred on Sunday afternoon by the capsizing of a vehicle opposite the Britannia Hotel, Norwood. There is a very bad piece of road at the spot in question, and as the vehicle was turning up the Kensington-road it was upset, and the pas sengers, among whom were some ladies, were thrown oat and a good deal injured. Some damage was also done to the conveyance. A petition from 590 residents at the Moonta mines was ordered by the House of Assembly to be printed 23rd November. It states that the buildings which are used for Divine worship on Sundays, and as schools daring the week, are not sufficiently commo dious to admit more than about half the present number of inhabitants; and as it is quite impossible that the little children can walk as &J; as the town ship, the memorialists pray for liberty to make addi tions to their achoolsand chapels, and that no mineral leases shall be invalidated by the erection of buildings for that pnrpose. An inquest was held on Saturday afternoon, No vember 26, upon die body of John Rain (formerly auctioneer, of ffindtey-street), who was found dead that morning in his own house in Elizabeth-street. Several witnesses were examined, and from their statements it appeared that the deceased had been drinking to excess for some time past, and that death waa probably superinduced by drink. Daring the enquiry it was ascertained that Sir. Hotton, chemist, of Bundle-street, had given the deceased, at his own request, a strong draught of Battley'e eolation of opium, for the purpose of making him sleep, and that the dose was pot in a bottle without a labeL The Ooroner said there was nothing to show that the draught had anything to do with the death" of the deceased; bat he rebuked Mr. Hatton for his im prudence in sending a bottle ont of his shop without being properly labelled. The Jury returned a verdict that me deceased died from the efteete of drink. A report of the evidence will be found in another column. In the Supreme Court on Saturday B. O. Baker and H. A'Oourt Bloiham were admitted practitioners- In the case of Allen v. Stobie, referring to a sum mons in the Local Court Kapnnda, and the defen dant being one of the subscribers to the money testi monial to the Special Magistrate, Mr. J. S. Browne, their Honor? passed some very strong comments upon the impropriety of a magistrate receiving money contributions in consideration of the administration of justice, and intimated that Mr. Browne should be removed to some other place where he would not have to adjudicate upon any of the contributors to the testimonial. Every now and then instances occur to prove that many of our risuig generation are growing tip in lamentable ignorance of even the rudiments of educa tion. At the inquest held on Saturday to investigate the drcumstanoes connected with the death of Mr. John Kain, a girl, apparently between 13 and 16 yean of age, stated, in reply to the Coroner, that she could neitherread nor write." She appeared never to have heard of such a book as the Bible; but she had seen a prayer-book. The aeoond and last of Messrs. Stoele, Leslie, and Taylor's entertainmenta took place on Saturday evening at the Theatre, which was again crowded. The performances passed off with great success, and flic "Ghost?' was exhibited with general satisfaction. The proprietors of the entertainment left by the inau eteaio* the mm* evening. 1 