XTC It MUTUAL Pit I END. Book the FikST.—(Continued.) c\;t abbift costhcued. [BY CHAIILES DICKENS.] The chaining of die door behind her, as she went forth, disenchanted Lizzie Hesam of die first relief she Lad felt Tbe night was black and shrill, the river-side wilderness was melancholy, ;and there was a sound of casting-out, in the rattling of the iron links, and the grating of the bolts and staples "under Miss Abbey's band. As she came beneath the lowering sky, a sense of being involved in a murky shade of Murder dropped upon her; and, as the tidal swell of the river broke at her feet without her seeing bow it gathered, so, ber thoughts startled her by rushing out of an unseen void and striking at her heart. Of her father's being groundlessly suspected, she ielt sure. Sure. Sure. And \ yet, repeat the word inwardly as olten as she would, the attempt to reason out and prove that she was sure, always came after it Lad failed, liiderhood bad done the deed, and entrapped her fa tier, liiderhood had done (he deed, but bad resolved in bis malice to turn against her father, the appearances that were ready to bis band to distort. Equally and swiftly upon either putting of the case, followed the frightful possibility that her father, being innocent, yet might come to be believed guilty. She Lad heard of people suffering Death for bloodshed of which they were afterwards proved pure, and those illfated persons wore not, first, in that dangerous wrong in which her father stood. I'll en, at the best, tbe beginning of his being set apart, whispered against, and avoided, was a certain fact. It dated .from that very night. And as the great black river with its dreary shores was soon lost to ber view in the gloom, so, she stood on the river's brink unable to see into the vast blank misery of a life suspected, and fallen away from by good and bad, but knowing that it lay tiiere dim before her, stretching away to tlie great ocean, Death, One thing only, was clear to the girl's mind. Accustomed from her very babyhood promptly tojlo the thing that could be done— whether to keep out weather, to ward off cold, to postpone hunger,' or what not—she started out of ber meditation, and ran home. The room was quiet, and the lamp burnt on the table. In the bunk in the corner her brother lay asleep. She bent over tobim softly, kissed bim, aud came to the table. " By the time of Mies Abbey's closing, and by tbe run of the tide it must be one. Tide's running up. Father at Chiswick, wouldn't think of coming down till after the turn, aud that's at half after four. I'll call Charley at six. I shall bear tbe church-clocks strike, as I sit here." Very quietly, she placed a chair before tbe scanty fire, and sat down in it, drawing her j shawl about her. Charley's hollow down by tbe flare is not there now. Poor Charley !" The clock struck two, and tbe clock struck three, and the clock struck four, aud she remained there, with a woman's patience and her own purpose. When the morning was well on between four and five, she slipped off her shoes (that her going about might not wake Charley), trimmed the fire sparingly, put water on to boil, and set the table lor breakfast. Then she went up the ladder, lamp in band, and came down again, and glided about and about, making a little bundle. Lastly, from ber pocket, and frovn the cbimney-piece, aui front an inverted basin on the highest shelf, she brought halfpence, a few sixpences, fewer shillings, and fell to laboriously and noiselessly counting them, and setting aside, otic- little heap. She was still so engaged, when she was startled by— "Hnl-loa!" From her brother, sitting up in bed. " You made me jump, Charley." "Jump! Didn't you make me jump, when I. opened my eyes a moment ago, and saw you sitting "there, like the ghost of a girlmiser, in the dead of tbe night." " It's not the dead of the night, Charley- It's nigh six in the morning." " 3s it though ? But what are you up to, Liz r " Still telling your fortune, Charley." "It seems to be a precious small one, if that's it," said tbe boy. "What are you putting that little pile of money by itself for?" " " For you, Charley." " What do you mean ?" "Get out of bed, Charley, and get washed and dressed, and then I'll tell you." Her composed manner, and her low distinct voice, always had an influence over him. His bead was soon in a basin of water, and out of it again, and staring at her through a Storm of towelling. " I never," towelling at himself as if he were bis bitterest-enemy, " saw such a girl as you are. What is tbe move, Liz ?" "Are you almost ready for breakfast, Charley ?" • • " You can pour it out. Ifal-loa! I say 1 And a bundle ?" " And a bundle, Charley." . " You don't mean it's for me, too ?" " Yes, Charley; I do, indeed." " More serious of face, and more slow of action, .than he Lad been, the bo}' completed his dressing, and came and sat down at tlie little breakfast-table, with ; his eves amazedly 1 directed to her fece. _ " You see, Charley, dear, I have made up my'mind that- this is the right time for your going away from us. Over and above all tbe blessed change of hy- and-hye, you'll be much happier, and do much better, even so soon as next month. Even so soon as next week." " How do you know I shall t" . "I .don't quite know how,. Charley, but I ;do." In spite of her unchanged manner of -speaking, and her-unchanged appearance of coinposuitt, she scarcely trusted herself to look at him, but kept her eyes employed on the cutting and buttering of his bread, and on the mixing of bis tea, and other such little preparations. " You must leave father to • me, Charley—I will do what I can with him—bat you must go." You don't stand upon ceremony, I think," grtimbled the boy, throwing bis hread and butter about, in an ill-humor. She made bim no answer. I tell you what," said the boy, then, bursting out into an "angry whimpering. " you're a selfish jade, and you think there's not enough for thvee af us, and- you .want to get jnd of trie."-' -. J " If you believe so, Charley—yes, "then I •fielieveioo, that.t jkm a selfish jade, and that I ,thereV not ^enough for three of jus, and that I want to get rid of yoii." It was only when the boy rushed at her, and threw his arms round her neck, that she lost ber self-restraint. But she lost it then,; and wept over him. " Dou't cry, don't cry! I am satisfied to go, Liz; I am satisfied" to p. I know you send me away for my good." "O, Charley, Charley, Heaven above us knows I do!" " Yes, yes. Don't mind what 1 saifl. Don't remember it, Kiss me." After a silence, she loosed bim, to diy her eves, and regain her strong quiet influence. '•"Now listen, Charley dear. Wo both know it must be done, and I alone know there is good reason for its being done at once. Go straight to the school, and say that you and I agreed upon it—tbat we can't overcome j father's opposition—that father will never trouble them, but will never take you back You are a credit to the school, and you will be a greater credit to it yet, and they will ! help you to get a living. Show what clothes you have brought, and what money, and say j that I will send some more money. If I can | get some in no other way, I will ask a little j help of those two gentlemen who came here that night." . " I say V cried her brother quickly. Don t you have it of that chap that took hold of me by the chin ! Don't you have it of tbat Wrayburn one!" Perhaps a slight additional tinge of red flashed up into her face and brow, as with a nod she laid a band upon his lips to keep him silently attentive. " And above all things mind this, Charley ! Be sure you always speak well of father. Be sure you always give lather bis full due. You can't deny that because father has no learning himself he is set against it in you; but favor nothing else against him, and be sure you say —as you know—that your sister is devoted to him. And if you should ever happen to bear any thing- said* against father that is new to you, it will not be true. Kemember, Charley! It will not be true." The boy looked at ber with some doubt and surprise, but she went on again without hecding it. " Above all things remember! It will not be true. I have nothing more to say, Charley dear, except be good, and get learning, and only think of some things in the old life here, as if you had dreamed them in a dream last night. Good-bye, my darling!" Though so young, she infused into these parting words a love that was far more like a mother's than a sister's, and before which the boy was quite bowed down. After holding her to his breast with a passionate cry, he took uj> his bundle, and darted out of the door, with an arm across his eyes. The white face of the winter day came sluggishly on, veiled in a frosty mist; and the shadowy ships in the river slowly changed to black substances; and the sun, blood-red on the eastern marshes behind dark masts and yards, seemed filled with the ruins of a forest it had set on fire. Lizzie, looking for her lather, saw him coming, and stood upon the causeway that he might see her. He had nothing with him but bis boat, and came on apace. A knot of those amphibious human creatures who appear to have some mysterious power of extracting a subsistence out of tidal water by looking at it, were gathered together about the causeway. As her father's boat grounded, they became contemplative of the mud, and dispersed themselves. She saw that the mute avoidance had begun. Gaffer saw it, too, in so far as that he was moved when he set foot on shore, to stare around him. But, he promptly set to work to haul up his boat, and make her fast, nud take tbe sculls and rudder and rope out of her. Carrying these with Lizzie's aid, he passed up to bis dwelling. " Sit close to the fire, father, dear, while I cook your breakfast. It's all ready for cooking, and only been waiting for you. You must be frozen." "Well, Lizzie, I ain't of a glow; that's certain. And my hands seemed nailed through to the sculls. See how dead they are!" Something suggestive in their colour, and perhaps in her face, struck him as be held them up; he turned Lis shoulder and held thum down to tbe fire. " You were not out in tbe perishing night, I hope, father ?" " No, my dear. Lay aboard a barge, by a blazing coal-fire.—Where's tbat boy V' " There's a drop of brand}' for your tea, father, if you'll put it in while I turn this bit of meat. If the river was to get frozen, there would be a deal of distress; wouldn't there, father ?" " Ah ! there's always enough of that," said Gaffer, dropping tbe liquor into his cup -from a squat black bottle, and dropping it slowly that it might seem more; " distress is for ever a going about, like sut in the air—Ain't that boy up yet ?" " The meat's ready now, father. Eat it while it's -hot and comfortable. After you have finished, we'll turn round to the fire and talk." But be perceived that he was evaded, and, having thrown a hasty angry glance toxards tbe bunk, plucked at a corner of her apron,, and asked: " What's gone with that boy ?" . " Father, if you'll begin your breakfast, I'll sit by and tell you." He looked at" her, stirred his tea and took two or three gulps, then cut at his piece of hot steak with Lis cars- knife, and said, eating— » • " Now then. What's gone with that boy ?" " Don't be angry, dear. It seems, father, that he ha?quite a gift of learning." " Unnat'ral young beggar!" said the parent, shaking his knife in the air. "—And that having this gift, and not being equally good at other things, he has made shift to get some schooling." " Unnat'ral young beggar!" said the parent again, with his former action. " —And that knowing- you have nothing to spare, father, and not wishing to be a burden on you, he gradually made up his mind to go and seek his fortune out of learning. He went away this morning, father, and he cried very much at going, and he hoped you would forgive him." " Let liim never come a-nigh me to ask me my forgiveness," said the father, again emphasizing his words with the knife. " Let him never come within sight of my eyes, nor yet within reach of my arm. His own father ain't good enough for him. He's disowned his own father. His own father therefore, disowns him for ever and ever, es a unnat'ral young, beggar." He had pushed away bis plate. "With the natural need of a strong rough man in anger, to do something forcible/he now clutched his knife Overhand, and struck downward with it'at the end of "every succeeding sentence. As he would have struck with his own clenched fist if there had chanced to be nothing in it. " He's welcome to go. He's more welcome to go than to etay. But let him sever come back. Let him never put his head inside that door. And let you never speak a word more in his favor, or you'll disown your own father, likewise, and what your father says of him he'll have to come to say of you. Now I see why them men yonder held aloof from me. They says to one another," Here comes the man as ain't good enough for his own son !' Lizzie !" But she stopped him with a cry. Looking at her, he saw her, with a face quite strange to bim, shrinking back against tue wall with her hands before her eyes. " Father, don't! I can't bear to see you striking with it Put it down .'" He looked at the knife; but in his astonishment still held it. " Father, it's too horrible. O put it down, put it down. Confounded by her appearance and exclamation, he tossed it awav, and stood up with his open hands held out before him. " What's come to you, Liz ? Can you think I would strike at you with a knife ?" "No, father, no; you never would hurt me." " What should I hurt ?" « Nothing, dear father! On my knees, I am certain, in my heart and soul I am certain, nothing But it was too dreadful to bear ; for it iooked " her hands covering her face again, " O it looked " " What did it look like ?" The recollection of bis murderous figure, combining with her trial of last night, and ber trial of tbe morninff, caused her to drop at his feet, without having answered. He had never seen her so before. He raised her with the utmost tenderness, calling her the best of daughters, and " my poor prettv creetur," and laid her head upon his knee," and tried to restore her. But failing, he laid her head gently down again, got a pillow and placed it under her dark hair, and sought on the table for a spoonful of brandy. There being none left, be hurriedly canght up the empty bottle, and ran out at the door. lie Teturned as hurriedly as he bad gone, with the bottle still empty. He kneeled down by her, took her bead on his arm, and moistened her lips with a little water into which he dipped his fingers : saying, fiercely, as be looked Jaround, now over this shoulder, now over that: " Have we got a pest in the house ? Is there summ'at deadly sticking to my clothes ? What's let loose upon us ? Who loosed it ?" (To he eonUmei.) 