CARDINAL WISEMAN ON DR. COLENSO AND GARIBALDI. In his ' Trinity Sunday Pastoral,' Cardinal Wise man speaks at length npon tho religious movement which may be said to date from the publication of 'Essays nnd Roviows,' and of Dr. Colenso's hook on tho Pentateuch. Ho says : — ' Yonr strongest support and your sublimest nspirnlions were centred in this belief and hope, that you wcro made to tho imago of God in Trinity. Scienco pretends to overthrow this belief, and so deprive yon of your most ennouiing onu consoling pnncipio oi mc ami action. No, if science, as now read by too many, says true, there was no time when God could have created man; no moment in which Ho could. havo impressed on him His own divino image. Tho human race, according to this version, springs from somo scarcely organised rudiment of matter, which gradually went on, through millions of ages, unfold ing its moans and powers of lifo : till, having passed through various brutish improvements, it reached the stage of existenco which immediately preceded the human, providing for our inheritance — for the man matured intelligence, for the woman tho ripened graces, of tho apo or tho baboon. God help us ! that many should liavo allowed them selves to accept such an origin ; whilo a wholo host of proofs assigns to ns that of revelation ; makes man tho bonding link between unthinking matter nnd tho breath of God, which made liim sentient, reasoning, moral, and imporishable. Nay, which made him God-like, nnd almost God. ' I havo said, vo are Gods.' There have been crowimr in tlin J ~ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ' ? ? O1 Inst few months alarming symptoms, not merely of religions indifference, but of betrayals of tho fuitb, by thoso to whom tho public will of this country had entrusted its ' guardianship, at least in what is broadly designated Christianity. ITou all heard, that within a comparatively recent period in the very body constituted by law to pronch nnd defend tho doctrines of revelation, thoro has been Blowly generated, but nt last outwardly manifested, a canker of rationalism ; which, if it spread, must cat out vitality, and so extinguish lifo. Learned men, in higli dignity, havo lifted up, if tlioy havo not thrown off tho cloak which wrapped up in decent conceal ment tho hideous sore. Tho inspiration of Holy Scripture, the eternity of torments for tbo wicked, nre among tho more prominent doctrines which tbeso writings havo beon held most prominently to impugn, to tho scandal of many. To thoir aid has advanced a scholar of peculiar learniug and skill, of whom tho people might naturally say, ' Ono that is a priest of tho seod of Aiu-on is como, ho will not deceive us.' In volume after volume lio has denied, not williont much ap parent research, tho truth of tho Books ol Moses, and consequently his account of tho crcntion of the world and of man. Need wo say, that, without onr specifying other doctrines, thoro was enough in what wo hnvo mentioned, to evoke from long torpor, and bring into fearless activity, any power, pre servative or curative, antidote or modicum, which lny in tlio hnnds of that body to which tlio bulk of tbo pooplo look for religious teaching or for guid ance in their own more humble inquiries ? Answers, totally inadequate, have indeed appeared, from other contending scholars. But from thoso who hold, by law, tho office which St. Paul describes as so full of corrective energy, thoro has been no active demonstration of consciousness of its posses sion ; no ' being instnnt in season, and out of sea son;' no efficacious 'reproving, entrcuting, re linking, in all pntienco and doctrine.' No synod has been convoked to condemn doctrines more falso and fatal than those of Arius ; no sword of tlio Spirit drawn, if not to smite tho hlusphomer, to cut out his iufoctiug soro ; no combined assertion of It hath Boomed good to the Holy Ghost, anil to us, ' in ffno, no dooisive, irrevocable, authoritative declaration or reassertion of doctrine, on the two vital doctrines of Scriptural inspiration, and tho eternity of punishment. May we not, therefore,' - conclude, that this supposed teaching body feclB within itself that want of power to act outwardly whioh instinct makes us feel, when in tho presence of a wide chasm, that our frame would refuse to oooy our will, if this impelled us forwurd over it ; nnd that our attempt to leap it must end in an ignominious fall ? In fact, so unreliant lias it shown itself, now as ovor before, on' its own inborn or Hoavon-grantod authority nnd success, that this most solemn and purely religious controversy has passed into tho hnnds of laymen, from tbo ball of tho priosts to tho tribunal of Caisar. Now, this lias givon judgment, with tho minuto discrimination, the careful sifting and thojcolil impartiality which would have marked a decision on a conveyance of property, or tho transmission of a leiriicv. And what is re- ' markablo indoed, is. that the judgmont Tias gono forth, as valid andinooneussible, in spito of assessors impugning it, who belong to the highest order of religious teachers recognised by tlw State. ? What is tho consequence ? Why, precisely, that, henceforth, tho inspiration of any proposed portion of the Holy Scriptures may bo safely denied, within tho pale of tho national religions es tablishment : and thus falls what has been consi dered the ' pillar and groundwork' of its doctrine. And so may anyone, socurely, deny that eternal lire of tho Judgment to come, which is more effectual for converting sinners than tho reading of God's Word, whioh terrified Felix in his powerful wicked ness, nnd Simon Mngus in his cunning impiety. And in this way tho great moral ground of divino fear is cut from under tho feet of tlio nnropenting, who may now goon iu their way rejoicing. When wo soo tbo foundations of rovonled truth thus sapped and abandoned, aftor n short and ineffectual struggle, by those placed on its walls to defond thom, must wo not bo anxious, and evon weop ? Must wo not feel dismayed nt contemplating tho gulf of infidelity towards which tho barque, nbundoned by its steers men, is evidently drifting ?' He tbon refers to Garibaldi's visit to this connlrv. ' mi occurrence most humiliating to Christianity itself.' Ho says : — ' Wo leave tho military character of ono, who was niudo prisoner in battle against his own Sovereign's troops, and who was wounded by a missilo from his urmory; to thoso galluut men who never paid such homage to a Napier or a Clyde, but who havo over considered that a soldier's loyalty and honor should bo as spotless and as highly burnished as his sword. Wo leavo to onr statosmon of erory party to pro nounce on tho place to bo accorded in their ranks to ouo who to-day advocates and perpetrates tho de struction of thrones, and gives public rewards for tho attempted assassination of kings, aud to-morrow exhorts his fellow-subjects to reject the constitu tional Government of his country, and centre all authority in a despotic dictatorship. But one thing, at least, thoro is on which wo havo a right to judge, to feel, nnd to speak. Touch religions matters with scorn and blasphemy, speak contumaciously of what wo most reverence nnd lovo ; and you touch tho very npplo of our oyo, and wo have a right to cry aloud with pain, perhaps with sliamo. Some months beforo his visit, this soldier and statesman, assuming tho highest possible position, addressed a letter ' To tho English nation,' dated 28th September, 18G2. From it wo extract tho following pnssago : — ' Tho iniliutivo that to-day belongs to you, might not be yours to-morrow. May God avort this ! Who more ln-avely took tho initiative than Franco in '89 ? Sho, who in that solemn moment gave to tho world tho Goddess Reason, levelled tyranny to the dust, and consecrated freo brotherhood between nations. Aftor almost a century, she is reduced to combat tho liberty of nations, to protect tyranny, and to direct her only efforts to steady on the ruins of tho temple of Rea son that liideons immoral monstrosity, tho Papacy.' Many of. yon donbtloss know what Franco, drunk with tho spirit of irroligion and disloyalty, did to inaugurate tho Goddess of Reason, and give her solemnly to the world. To thoso who do not, it may suffico to say that, whatever the prophet and our Lord meant by the 'abomination of desolation, standing in tlio holy place,' this expression was verified most literally. Tho triumph of Rationalism over uuristianity was symbolisod by 'a hideous immoral monstrosity,' too detestable to be described. This representation, by an not of sacrilegious solemnity of the victory by reason ovor revelation, was thus eulogised in an address to tho British na tion, by tho man to whom it is snid British ladies knelt. Bo it so. Tho French nation was extolled for that obscene worship, anil is reprobated for having repented of its foolish wickedness.' And in conformity with this prniso and this blame mnst tho religion of its ntterer ho con sidered to stand. Not in tho common crowd, not mingled with dissenting ministers, in the general levees t bnt standing apart, elaborately sepa rated, wore tbo leaders, wo will not say, tho repre sentatives, of tho Anglican clorgy. Three and three from each highest class of tho national hierarchy came forward, not as statesmen, not as soldiers, not as worldlings — bnt therefore as priests and bishops — to greet tho man who bus preached to them doc trines aud applauded to them practices, far beyond thoso in wickedness, to tho proclaimcrs of which tho Word of God forbids us to saj', ' God speed yon.' With ono hand grasping tho light hand of him who had called on them, indirectly, nt least, to instill tho Goddess of Reason on tho altars of their ministers | —for this was what Franco did — with tho other feebly condemning tho doctrines of that Goddess. Oh, pity, pity 1 at lenst, if not worse, that sncli n spectacle slionld liavo been exhibited to England, nt tho time, tho moment, when every energy of every hand slionld be put forth, not to daily with, but to crnsh, tho spirit, however embodied, of infi delity as well as disloyalty.' Royai. Tei.eguams from Dupi'ei.. — TbeFlensbiirg Gazette publishes somo details on tho manner in which tho taking of Dappel was telegraphed to Ber lin. Behind tlio first parallel was a vcliiclo forming n telegraphic station, and in which were wires in communication with Broacker, Gravcnstein nnd Berlin. To each attacking column and to each detachment of troops of artillery wero attached an officer of tho staff, who announced the facts as they took place, either himself, or by orderlies sent to tho Commander-in-Chief. Extracts from their re ports were immediately made out and forwarded to the chief of the telegraphic bureau. A no latter sent thom direct to the king, who thus received about three hundred telegraphic despatches in tho courso of tbo dny. Public Wonics in England. — Tho passengers in the peuny steamers on tho Thames havo been agreeably surprised this week at tho progress which the embankment, works aro making. At four different points, between Westminster and Blaekfriars Bridges, tho piles are being driven, nnd many thousand tons of ballast have been shot. This is to bo accounted for by tbo fact that tho operation is not being conducted directly hy any department. Tho Metropolitan Board of Works are charged with tho execution of tho embank ment, and tho levying of tho taxation necessary for tho accomplishment of tho undertaking ; hut they havo given the work out by contract, and herein onr hope lios of seeing tho cmliankmont beforo the presont generation passes from tho earth. Tho fact of ' tho hoard' having anything to do with it will, of courso, dolayit for years upon years beyond tho timo a private company or a great building firm would carry it out free from official trammels ; but if it was purely a Govern ment, or a Board of Works, or a vestry job in all its details, tho twontioth century would not soo it completed. No livintr man is. sufficiently Quixotic in his imagination to sup pose that ho will ever soo tho Houses of Parliament finished. Little or nothing scorns to ho doing to wards their. completion now. Perhaps Mr Cowper, the First Commissioner of Works, is waiting till Sir Edwin Landsecr's lions are iu tho pedestal of the Nelson column in Trafalgar square, in ordor that tho finished palace of Westminster and a completed monument to ilio great sailor may break on onr astonished vision at tho snmo time. It appears that tho lions aro to ho wonderful — more natural oven tban the original animal — and so they ought to be, for they are a .long timo in hnnds, and are to cost £18,000. Tho .original estimate for tho Housos of Parliament was under a million sterling. They havo already cost throe millions. A session or two ago a voto of £750,000 was taken for ' additional fittings ;' nnd they nre not fitted out yet. Tho House of Commons would not hold nil its members if they assembled at ono liino ; when tlio Queen summons her faithfnl Commons to attend' hor in tho House of Lords, tho place set apart for them will only hold about twenty out of tho six hundred and fifty odd. There is scarcely n room, out of tbo seven hundred in tho building, tlio chimney of which does not smoke, nnd scarcely a staircase in it that lias not to be lit with gns in tho daylight I Louis Napoleon has rebuilt Paris in half the time it has taken our department of works to bring tlio palaoo of West minster to its present unfiDishod stato. Tlio splendid railway bridge across tlio Thames from Charing Cross was erected in a few months, nnd the London, Chatham, and Dover great bridge at Blaekfriars will bo completed before tho public bridge, whioh is to cross oloso besido it, will havo been well begun. Tho socrot is a private com pany builds tho former, whilo tbo latter is in tho hnnds of . ' tho city.' The Emperor of tlio French wonld do wonders for our architecture if we could only borrow him for a short timo, with tho power of sending him back when we should liavo had our turn out of him. — Correspondent of tho Liverpool Albion. 