'VERY HARD CASH. BY THE AUTHOR OF ' IT 18 NEVEB TOO LATE TO MEND.' At ten in the morning, Mr Hardie's messenger re turned without Alfred, and with a note from Dr Wyeherley to this effect : that the order for f Alfred's admission into his asylum being signed by Mr Thomas Hardie, he could not send him out even for a day ex cept on Thomas Hardie's authority; it would be a violation of the law. Under the circumstances, how ,fc ? ever, ne thougnt ne migut venture to receive tnat order by telegraph. If then Mr Hardie would telegraph Thomas | Sardie in Yorkshire to telegraph him (Wyeher ley), Alfred should be sent with two keepers wherever Mr T. Hardie should so direct. Now Mr Hardie had already repented of sending for Alfred at all. So, in stead of telegraphing Yorkshire, he remained passive, and said sullenly to Mrs Dodd, 'Alfred can't come, it seems ' Thus Eoutine kept the brother from his dying sister. They told Jane, with aching hearts, there was reason to fear Alfred could not arrive tlmt day. She only gave a meaning look at Julia, about the paper; and then she said with a little sigh, ' God's will be done.' This was the last disappointment Heaven allowed Earth to inflict on her ; and the shield of Faith turned its edge.- One hour of pain, another of delirium, and now the clouds that darken this mortal life seemed to part and pass, and Heaven to open full upon her. She spoke of her coming change no longer with resigna tion; it was with rapture. 'Oh!' she cried, 'to think that from this very day I shall never sin again, shall never ngain offend Him by unholy temper, by un-Christ-like behavior.' While she bo mounted, hi this spirit, her breath came at intervals unusually long, and all were sent for to see Death conquer the body and be conquered by the soul. At last, after an unnaturally long interval, she drew a breath like a sigh. They waited for another ; waited, waited in vnin. She had calmly ceased to live. Richard Hnrdie was led from the room in a stupor. Thus died in the flower of her youth, and by what we call a violent death, the one child Richard Hardie loved; member of a religious party whose diction now and then offends one to the soul: but the root of the matter is in them ; allowance made for those passions foibles, and infirmities of the flesh, even you and I are not free from ; they live fearing God, and die loving him. There was an inquest next day, followed in due course by a public trial of James Maxley. But these are matters Avhich, though rather curious and interest ing, must be omitted, or touched hereafter and briefly. The effect of Jane's death on Richard Hardie was deplorable. He saw the hand of Heaven ; but did not bow to it : so it filled him with rage, rebellion and despair. He got his daughter away and hid himself in the room with, her; scarcely out by night or day. He spoke to no one ; he shunned the Dodds : he hated them. He eaid it was through visiting their house she had met her death, and at their door. He would not let himself' see it was he who had sent her there with his lie. 'He loathed Alfred, called him the cause of oil. He asked nobpdy to the funeral: and, when Edward begged permission to come, he gave a snarl like a wild .beast and went raging from him. But Edward would go : and at the graveside pitying Heaven relieved the young fellow's choking heart with tears': but no such dew came to that parched old man, who stood on its other side iike the withered Archangel, his eyes gloomy and wild, his white cheek ploughed deep with care and crime and anguish, his lofty figure fcowed by his long warfare, his soul burning and sicken ing by turns, with hatred and rebellion, with desola tion and despair. He went home and made his will ; for he felt life hang on him like lead, and that any moment he might kill himself to get rid of it. Strange to say, he left a sum of money to Edward Dodd. A moment before, he didn't know he was going to do it: a moment after, he was half surprised he had done it, and minded to undo it; but would not take the trouble. He went up to London, and dashed Into speculation as some in their despair take to drink. For this man had but two passions ; avarice, arid his love for his daughter. Bereaved of her, he must either die or live for gain. He sought the very cave of Mammon ; he plunged into the Stock Exchange. When Mr Hardie said, 'Alfred can't come, it seems,1' Mrs Dodd misunderstood him, naturally enough. She thougut the heartless young man had cent some excuse ; had chosen to let his sister die neg lected rather than face Julia : ' As if she would leave her own room while he was in my house,' said Mrs Dodd with sovereign contempt. From this moment she con ceived a horror of the young man. Edward shared it fully, and the pair always spoke of bun under the title of ' the Wretch :' this was when Julia was not by. In her presence he was never mentioned. By this means nhe would in time forget him, or else see him as they saw him. And as, after all, they knew little to Mr Hardie's disadvantage, except what had come out of 41 the Wretch's' mouth, and as moreovor their hoarts were softened towards the father by his bereavement,, end their sight of his misery, and also by hia grateful words, they quite acquitted him of having robbed them, and felt sure the fourteen thousnnd pounds was at tho bottom of tho sea. They were a little surprised that Sir Hardie never npoko or wrote to them again ; but £eiog high minded and sweet tempered, they set it down to all-absorbing grief, and would not feel sore about it. And now they must leave the little villa where they had been so happy, and so unhappy. The scanty furniture went first ; Mrs Dodd followed, and arranged it in their apartments. Julia would stay be hind to comfort Edward, inconsolable herself. The auction came off. Most of the things went for. cruelly little money compared to their value : and with the balance the sad young pair came up ,to. London, and were clasped in their mother's arms. The tears, were in her tender eyes. ' It is a poor place' to receive my treasures,' she said': Edward looked round astonished; ' It was a pGor place,' said he, ' but you have' made' a little palace of it, somenow or anotner. ??? - ' My children's love can- alone do that,' said Mrs Dodd, kissing them' both agnin. Next day they con sulted together how they were to.live., Edward .wished to try and get his father into, a public, asylum ; then his mother would have a balance to live upon out of her income. But Mrs Dodd rejected this proposal with astonishment. In vaih. Edward cited the 'riser that public asylums are patterns of comfort, and cure twice as many patients as the private ones do. ' She was deaf alike to the 'Tiser and to statistics. ' Do not argiie me out of my common sense;''said she.- ' My husband, your father, in a public asylum, where anybody can; go and stare at my darling !' ?';?'?',''? She then informed them she had written to her Aunt Bazalgetto and her Uncle Fountain, and. invited them to contribute Something towards David's mainten ance. Edward was almost angry at this. 'Fancy asking favors of them,' said he. ' Oh, I must not sacrifice my family to false pride,' said Mrs Dodd ; ' besides, they are entitled to know.' Wliile waiting for then? answers, a word about the parties, and their niece. ' Our Mrs Dodd, born Lucy Fountain, was leit at nineteen to the care of two guardians : 1, her Uncle Fountain, an old bachelor, who loved comfort, pedigree, and his own way ; 2, her Aunt Bazalgette, who loved flirting, dressing, and her own way. Both charming people, when they got their own way; verjuice, when they didn't ; and egotists deep as ocean. From guardians they grew match-makers and rivals by proxy. Uncle schemed to graft Lucy on to a stick called Talboys, that ? came in with the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes, known in pedigrees as ' the Nor man Conquest.' Aunt, wife of a 'merchant' of no Richard Hardie. An unlooked-for obstacle encountered both: Lucy was not amorous. She loved these two ? egotists, and their quadrupeds; but there she stopped dead short. They persisted ; and, while they pulled her to and fro, and 'ruffled her native calm, David Dodd, first mate of the Something or other, East Indiaman — brown cheek, honest speech, heart of gold — fell deep in love, and worshipped her at a distance. His timidity and social insignificance made him harm less; so egotist Fountain had him in to dessert to spin yarns; egotist Bazalgette invited him to her house to flirt with. At this latter place he found Hardie and Talboys both courting Lucy. This drove him mad, and in his fury he popped. Lucy declined him secundum artem : he went away blessing her, with a manly sob or two. Lucy cried a little and took a feminine spite against his' rivals, who remained to pester her. Now Talboys, spurred by uncle, had often all but popped ; only some let, hindrance, or jnst impediment had still interposed : once her pony kept prancing at each effort he made towards Hymen; they do say the subtle virgin kept probing the brute with a hair pin, and made him cara cole and spill the treacle as fast as it came her way. However, now Talboys elected to pop by sea. It was the element his ancestors had invaded fair England by ; and on its tranquiliaosom a lover is safe from prancing steeds, and the myriad anti-pops of terra firina. Miss Lucy consented to the water excursion demurely, designing to bring her sickly wooer to the point, and so get rid of him for ever and ever. Plot and counter plot were baffled by the elements : there came an anti pop out of the south-west called a galp. Talboys boated so skilfully that he and his intended would have been united without ceremony by Father Nep. at the bottom of the British Channel, buf for David Dodd, who was hovering near in jealous anguish and a cutter. He saved them' both, but in the doing of it missed ius snip, ana professional ruin iacea mm. Then good-hearted Lucy was miserable, and appealed to Mr Bazalgette, and he managed somehow to get David made captain of the Rajah. The poor girl thought she had squared the account with David ; but he refused the ship unless she would go halves, and wliile her egotists bullied and vexed her, he wrought so upon her pity, and teased her so, that to get rid of his importunity she married him. In time she learned to love him ten times better than if she had begun all flames. Uncle and aunt cut her tolerably dead for some years ; Uncle came round the first ; some antiquarian showed him that Dodd was a much more ancient family than Talboys. ' Why, sir, they were lords of sixteen manors under the Heptarchy, and hold some of them to this day.' Mrs Bazalgette, too, had long corresponded with her periodically, and on friendly terms. The answers came on the same day, curiously enough. Uncle Fountain, ruined by railway speculation, was living on an allowance from creditors ; but his house was at their service if they liked to live with him — and board themselves. Mrs Bazalgette's was the letter of a smooth woman, who has hoarded imperishable spite. She reminded her niece after all these years, that her* marriage with David was an act of disobedience and ingratitude. She then enumerated her own heavy expenses, al] but the £400 a year she spent in bedizening her carcase, and finally amidst a multitude of petty insults, she offered to relieve Mrs Dodd of — : — Julia. Now Poetry has reconciled us to an asp in a basket of figs ; hut here was a scorpion in a bundle cf nettles. Poor Mrs Dodd could not speak after reading it. She handed it to Edward, and laid her white, forehead wearily in her hand. Edward put the letter in an envelope, and sent it back with a line in hi& own hand - declining all correspondence with the writer. ' Now then, dears,' said he, ' don't be cast down. Let this be a warning to us, never to ask favors of anybody. Let us look the thing in the face ; we must work or starve : and all the better for us. Hard work suits heavy hearts. Oome, have you any plan ?' . ' To be sure we have,' said Julia eagerly. ' I mean to go for a governess, and then I shall cost mamma notlvng, and besides lean send her tho money the people give me.' ' A pretty plan !' said Edward sadly ; '' what, we three part company ? Don't you feel lonely enough, without that ? I do, then. How can we bear our bur dens ntjall, if we are not to bo all together to cheer one another along the weary road ? What, are we to break up ? Is it not enough to be bereaved ?' He could say no more for the emotion his own words caused him ; ho broke down altogether, and ran out of the room. However, he came back in an hour with his eyes red, but his heart indomitable ; determined to play a man's part for all their sakeB. ' You ladies,' said he, with something of his old genial way, that sounded so strange to ono looking at his red eyes, and inspired a desire to hug him, ' are full of talent, but empty of invention. The moment you are ruined, or that sort of thing, it is go fora governess, r/o for a companion, rjo here, go there, in search of what V In dependence ? No ; Dependence. Besides, all this gennrj is both.' Families are strong if they stick to other, niid if they go to pieces they nro weak, I learned one bit of sense. out of that mass of folly they call antiquity and that was the story of the old bloke with his twelve sono, and faggot to match. ' Break 'em apart,' he said ; and each son broke his stick as easy as shelling peas. ' Now break the twelve all tied to gether :' devil a bit could the duffers break it then. Now we are not twelve, we are but three ; easy to break One or two of us apart, but not the lot together. No : nothing but death shall break this fagot, for no thing less shall part us three. '-' He stood like a Colossus, and held out his hands to them ; they clung round his neck in a moment, as if to illustrate his words ; clung tight, and blessed him for standing so firm and forbidding them to part. Mrs Dodd sighed, after the first burst of enthusiastic affection, and said ; ' If he would only go a step further, and tell no wVinf. +a An in nnirmnnv:11 'Ay, there if is,' said Julia. 'Begin with me. What'can I do ?' ' Why paint.' ' ' What, to sell ?' Oh dear, my daubs are not good enough for that.' 'Stuff! Nothing is too bad to sell.' ' I really think you might,' said Mrs Dodd ' and I will holp you.' ' No, no, mamma, I want you for something better than the fine arts. You must go in one of the great grooves : Female vanity : you must be a dressmaker ; you are a genius at it.' ' My mamma a dressmaker,' cried Julia : ' oh, Ed ward, how can you ? how dare you ? poor, poor mamma I' . ' Don't be so impetuous, dear. I think he is right : yes, it is all I am fit for. If ever there was a Heaven bom dressmaker, it's me.' ' As for myself,' said Edward, ' I shall look out for some business in which physical strength goes further than intellectual attainments. Luckily they are plenty such. Breaking stones is one. But I shall try a few others first.' : It is easy to settle on a ousiness, iiara to get a loot ing in one. Edward, convinced that the dressmaking was their best card, searched that mine of various knowledge, the 'Tiser, for an opening : but none came. At last one of those great miscellaneous houses in the City advertised for a lady to cut cloaks. He proposed to his mother to go with him. She shrank from en countering strangers. No, she would go to a fashion able dressmaker she had employed some years, and ask her advice. Perhaps Madame Blanch would find her something to do. ' I have more faith in the 'Tiser,' said JEd ward, clinging to his idol. Mrs Dodd found Madame Blanch occupied iu trying to suit one of those ? heart-breaking idiots, to whom dress is the pne great thing, and all things else, sin included, the little ones. She had tried on a scarf three times ; arid it discon tented her when on, and spoilt all else when off. Mrs Dodd saw, and said obligingly, ' Perhaps were I to put it on you could judge better.' Mrs Dodd, you must know, had un admirable art of putting on a shawl or scarf. With apparent nonchalance she settled the scarf on her shapely shoulders so happily, that the fish bit, and the scarf went into its carriage ; forty guineas, or so, Madame cast a rapid but ardent glance of gratitude Dodd-wards. The customer began to go, and after fidgeting to the door and back for twenty minutes actu ally went somehow. Then madame .turned round, and said, ' I'm sure, ma'am, I am much obliged to you ; von sold me that scarf : and it is a' pity we couldn't put her on your bust and shoulders, ma'am, then per haps a scarf might please her. What can I do foryou, ma'am I' Mrs Dodd blushed, and with subdued agitation told. Madame Blanch that this time she was come not to purchase but to ask a favor. Misfortune was heavy on her ; and, though not penniless, she 'was so reduced by her husband's illness and the loss of £14,000 by ship wreck, that she must employ what little talents she had to support her family. ? ?';.'- \ The woman explored her from .head to foot to. find the change of fortune hi some corner of her raiment : but her customer was as well, -though plainly, dressed as ever, and still looked an easy-going duchess, ' Could Madame Blanch find her employment hi her own line? What talent I have.' said Mrs Dodd humbly, ' lies hi that way. I could not cut as well as yourself, of course : but I think I can as well as some of your people.' . . ' That I'll be bound' you can,' said Madame Blanch dryly. ' But, dear, dear, to think of your hovingcome down so. Have a glass of wine to cheer you a bit ; do now, that is a good soul.' ' , (t f\1\ *\r\ mn/inm T +.linTi1r ttaii ? Tint, svino /»n«r»nf cheer me : a little bit of good news to take back to my. anxious children, that would cheer me, madam. Will you be so good ?' . ' , The dressmaker colored and hesitated ; she felt the f aacination of Dignity donning Humility, and speaking Music ; but she resisted. 'It won't do, at least here, I shouldn't be mistress in my own place. I couldn't drive you like I'm forced to .do the rest ; and then I should be sure to favor you, being a real lady, which is my taste, and you always will be, rich or poor ; and then all my ladies would be on the bile with jealousy.' . ' Ah, madam,' sighed' Mrs Dodd, 'you treat, me like a child ; you give me sweetmeats, and refuse me food for my family.' . ' No, no,' said the woman hastily. ' I don't say I mightn't send you out some work to do at home.' ? . .. ' ' Oh, thank you, madam.' N.B. The dressmaker had dropped the Madam, so the lady used it now at every word. 'Now stop a bit,' said Madam Blanch. I know a firm that's in want. Theirs is easy work by mine, and they cut up a piece of stuff every two or three day.' She then wrote on one of her own cards, Messrs CrosB, Fitchett, Copland, and Tylee, 11, 12', 13, and 14, Primrose lane, City. ' Say I recommend you. To tell tho truth, an old hand of my own was to come here this very morning about it, but she hasn't kept her time; so this will learn her business doesn't stand still for lie-a-beds to catch it.' ..','?,.-' (To be contimted.) From Nassau we learn that the blockade haa now become so effective that several steamers have btn.n .entirely withdrawn from ?' blockade running,' while a few are returning to England. So abundant is the crop of apples in Devonshire this season, that it is. calculated cider will bo sold at 6d per gallon. Mr. Beecher says there are many persons who think that Sunday is a sponge with which to wipe out the sins of the week. ' ? ? Lady Don, who has been detained from her medi tated Australian ? journey, has accejjted a brief re engagement at tho Queen's Theatre, Edinburgh, and is performing there with much acceptance. — Scotch paper. An Italian who was very poor and very much addicted to play, used to apostrophise ' '3?oi tune thus:- — ' Treacherous Fortune, thou canBtmako mo lose, but thou canst not make me pay.' ., The ' Chamber of Death.' — Perhaps no public' man has the courage to send to .the. Chamber of Death, as it is called at the. Times oflico, and ask the editor to. let bun have a look at his ' Life*.' Sometimes, however, , these; ' Lives' appear bui'ou1 the breath is out o^ their body,, aw- recently occuried iu the cuso pf fcony. Clyde, Tlio Tiyies tito great care about these matters. Some years ago a report was brought to the. office at eleven o'clock . at night that Lord John Russell was dead. . Mr Walter, who goes to the office much more fre quently than is supposed, happened to be there. A consultation immediately took place with writers and editors, and a gentleman of fact and experience, was sent off in the middle' of the night to Ches ham place to inquire into the truth or falsehood of. the report. He soon discovered that it arose out of exaggerated reports of a slight indisposi tion, which had been magnified into the death . of the noble Lord; but, short as . was his absence from the office, in the interim ample means had been taken to meet the emergency —the fatal casket had been opened, the record of a life which would form in itself no unimportant chapter in the history of the country was dis played, and an army of biographers, editors, and printers, were prepared to raise the ghost of the departed nobleman, and fix the picture in its frames before the morning light had dawned upon , the sleepers of London. When the messenger had returned, and it was found that the intelligence was false, the memoir was reconsigned to its resting place in the casket, the Chamber of Death closed, the rejected columns replaced, and the world was , informed that the' Times, was rejoiced to be able to state that the rumor of the illness of so distinguished a nobleman was wholly without foundation. — Court Journal. The Census. — The Queemland Times of the 12th inBtant says :— ' By the courtesy of the mayor we are enabled to state that one result of the last census is that there are 4445 souls within the mu nicipality, of Ipswich, of whom 2292 are males and 2153 females. The population of the police district of Ipswich is probably about 9000, but the actual number has not yet been made known.' We may-' state that on the 7th April, 1861, whea the census was taken, the town portion of the police district of Brisbane contained a population of : 6051, and Ips- . wich 3287. The farmer now shows a population of 12,399, and the latter about.9000. 