Tiik Land Bill has taken its departure to the Upper House. After the recess it will turn up there like a bad halfpenny — per- chance to be unceremoniously rejected ormu tilated until its authors shall notrecogniseit. The Government cannot congratulate them selves on a victory which was won by the assistance of Mr Duffy and Dr. Macicay. Defeated, they had had no cause for chagrin, seeing how unprincipled was the combina tion against them. Admitting irankly our belief that some members of the ex treme liberal party did conscienti ously vote against the measure, we are also of opinion that a great many more were actuated by most improper motives. There are some fifteen or twenty gentlemen occu pying places below the gangway on either side of the House who, apart from the land question, have not the remotest chance of re-election. They rose to . the surface in times of great political excitement — they must inevitably return to obscurity with the subsidence of the tempest. Such men are always to be found under similar circum stances — they are not to be despised ; they are fitting instruments of the time ; but it is a healthy sign when their services are no longer required. We should have been glad if the gentlemen who are about to retire compulsorily from politics had left behind them such a reputation as would entitle them to respectful remembrance. Unwilling, however, to surrender a position which has its attractions, they have endeavored to create such a turmoil as would restore them to consequence. They have miserably failed, however, and they retire from Par liament with the shame and diishonor of an unsuccessful conspiracy attaching to them. The object of the attempt to defeat the Laud Bill on its third; reading was to hasten the dissolution of Parlia ment. Under cover of landi reform the gentiemen- auuueu io uopeai to gain & fresh tenure of Parliamentary life. This purpose was- avowed at St. George's Hall ; it has not 9iaee been deniedi It is most fortunate for the country that the scheme has been defeated. In the division list we find the names of gentlemen who- have voted against eveoy land bill presented for public acceptance. There are some, too,, who have joinedin ousting every Administration which has been iru office. These, whatever their mftfiroa f r\ Ka VQn^oDQnfnfiTrrto Tf is intolerable-,, that persons who cannot have their ambition gratified — their peculiar opinions adopted, or their necessities administered! to— should have the power of bringing discredit on our institutions and confusion inta gublic afEiirs. We take it. that it is the duty of politi cians to support the party representing opinions nearest to their own. It is also their duty to'take the responsibility of their own acts, and, after having been instru mental in bringing an Administration into power, they are bound in honor to- support it whilst enjoying public confidence. Mea sured by these canons (whioh, unobserved^ must leadl to the destruction of consti tutional gpvernment as well as- of politioal parties, what opinion can we enter tain of men who, eight months ago, turned out Mr O'Siianassy, and who. now coalesce with him to expelithe present occu pants of office ? Can it be pretendcdi that the country has any sympathy with this movement ? Do Mr M'Lellan.'s, consti tuents applaud his infuriate assaults, on the Ministry and their supporters ; does iJol lingwocd give countenance to the proceed ing of Mr Berry ; or is the conducts of Mr L. L. Smith likely to secure fbr him the suffrages of the Avoodoarters of N.una wading? The Land Bill may not meet public expec tation! at all point3 — we have not concealedi our dislike of some of its provisions and have done-our best to prosure their asaendment, but it would be monstsous to push opposition to the- expulsion of tfee Ministry. Mr O'Skan' assy was literally howled out of office. His administration waa not only politically dis honest, but he had so grossly misconducted himself towards her Majesty's represen tative and ia the distribution of State patronage, that men of all political parties joined iu his overthrow. But now, forsooth, Mr Gilx,ies and Mr O' Shan assy join in an . onslaught. The gentleman for whom the bill is not liberal enough, and he for whom it is too liberal, charge in the same ranks. T ir~ ? ? J ? ? ? T* ' ? C ? -» u uuii uuuciaiuuu iuu jjuiiuy ux iuu mem ber for Kilmore, but are utterly at a loss to reconcile the conduct of the member for Ballaarat with his duty to his constituents. Were Mr Gillies' opinions more in ac cordance with those of Mr O'Shanassy than of Mr M'Culloch ? The mem ber for Itilmore left no doubt about the kind of Land Bill he would in troduce if once more in office — he would go back to auction pure and simple. Do the pseudo land reformers prefer auction to the measure which has happily escaped their condemnation? Foiled in the effort to eet up a .cry against the GoA'ernment for the coming election, they have given the Upper House an excuse for throwing out the bill if it dare. Vyhether it does or not is of much less consequence than if the Government had been defeated in the Lower House. The responsibility is on the right shoulders. If wc must come to auction, it is with the clear understanding that the squatters, their ugents and representatives, have done it, and the leases are void because the compromise has not been ob served. If one interest must suffer, the other, and antagonistic one, which has brought the mischief about, must suffer also. If there is to be an abandonment of every thing but -pecuniary considerations in the disposal of land, we must begin by dividing the runs, and exposing them to public com petition. The Government has done its best to avert this, and we, in our advocacy of the land question, have always held that it was undesirable to exact a rack rent from the squatters because the inducement to pur chase the fee-simple waa increased thereby. But if thia bill be rejected all delicacy is at an end. Again and again, the Upper House has declined to acquiesce in the popular demands — it has most dishonorably refused to make good that part of the compromise on the land question which had failed. Having got all the advantages it had bargained for, it availed itself of a legal defect to cheat the country. The Upper House has now the opportunity of retrieving its position. Should the bill be rejected, the Government ought to throw upon it the full consequences of its per sistent opposition to the popular wishes. Had the Government been defeated on Wednesday evening, a dissolution must have immediately followed. The promised min ing legislation would consequently have been postponed for many months. Are the constituents of Messrs M'Lellan aud Ramsay and the rest satisfied that their representatives should have nearly accom plished a delay so disastrous to mining interests? We fancy some of these gentle men will discover, when the dissolution comes, that they have egregiously mistaken public opinion, and have forfeited the con fidence they formerly enjoyed. Tiie Victorian railways are showing some symptoms of improvement. The weekly traffic returns evidence a steady and seem ingly permanent, if not a very extensire in crease. The change, however, is in the right direction, and there is ground for hope that, at aome date not utterly remote, the Government railways may become seJf 3upporting. From this point they are as yet very distant. In contrasting their present with their late position, it is neces sary to invoke the aid of statistics. The respective quarters of 1 863' produced gross, from all sources, £100,436, £113,401, £116,113, and £128,996, or £-458,946 for the entire year. The expenditure upon the railway lines, now reproductive, has been about seven and three quarter millions sterling. The interest on this capital outlay at six per cent, costs £465,000 per annum. Thus last year's traffic receipts almost amounted to the State liability for interest on the money borrowed, leaving the working expenses a clear loss. This year matters look a little more encouraging. During the ten weeks for which traffic re turns haTe been issued, only two have been under £10,000 per week. The sum received has been £104,125. The weekly average of the whole of 1363, was £9-922; and 186-1, so far as it has gone, shows £10,412. There is thus an appreciable improvement this year of close on £500 per week, which' must be regarded as just so much saved the- general revenue, .from which' the working expenses have to be provided. To a certain extent the pre sent enlargement of receipts must be re garded as arising from a temporary,, or rather periodical, source. The lateness of an unusually wet season delayed shearing,, and wool has- been conveyed to a much greater extent after than before Christmas. This, however,, but partly accounts for the increase. Something must be- acknowledged as due to the public becoming; habituated to the use of the railway. Pushing, and ready to adapt themselves' to novel ties as our people are, there are still old fashioned prejudices to overcome, and in grained habits to- be broken through. The economy of time-, the greater safety of the mode of conveyance, and the better preser , vation of the condition of merchandise trans ; mitted by rail, especially if of perishable character, all commend themselves to the business instincts- of a commercial popula ; tion. But it is questionable whether enough has yet' been done to thoroughly popularise ; our railway systenu Any changes that have been made in the- tariff for conveyance of goods and passengers has been to lessen them, and the results have fully borne out the wisdom of such' concessions. Not only has there been no. immediate loss from a reduction of carriage of particular staples or the extending of the system of return pas senger tickets at single fares, but a nositive and absolute increase at once displays itself. Such facts point? with undeniable signifi cance to the direction which railway reforms should take. The ghost of competition, .should not be permitted to exist along tho i Government lines. As feeders to the rail | ways at every available station carriers oi igood3 and passengers are- entitled to have \ all reasonable facilities a Ed- encouragement afforded them, but the sway of the iroa horse should be undisputed/ along the line- of his career. If coaches- drays or waggons ca.n convey goods at anything, like railway raAes the apparent deduction is that the latter are too high,, as, with proper economy^, no description of land carriage should be so cheap as that per railway. Elsewhere- the railroad defies all competition, except where water carriage is available, and even then the saving of time gives the railway some preference. It is, we firmly believe, by the adoption. of a cheap tariff that our railways will eventually reach the self-supporting stage. . At present they realise about £52 per mile per week, the London and North Western in England with 1000 miles of rail nnnn nT-nrlnn^n. ASIA ...Itl, T ? I,- ' 'J '1'-' ,,11.11 Mira 1U1 uc low those current in Victoria. In onr system there is one decided want — the' third class carriage. The Parliamentary train in Great Britain is one of those bene ficent institutions forced upon the railway . companies as a condition preliminary to the obtaining of their acts of incorporation, with the special privileges thereto attaching. That which was designed as a boon to the poorer classes, has proved itself a great gain to the railway companies themselves. From the latest statistics we have at hand, the revenue from third olass passengers on English railways exceeded by nearly a quarter million per annum that derived from those paying second class fares ; and, contrasted with first class travellers, the payments of the lowest grade of railway-passengers showed an excess of payments by the latter, amount ing to close on a million sterling per annum. There is surely fair ground for testing here the efficacy of the third class fare for pro ducing revenue. Our circumstances are not so very widely different from those of other countries that we should reject untried the teachings of matured experience. That which produces a favorable result elsewhere caunot be wholly inapplicable to the rail ways of Victoria. There is another branch of traffic which demands liberal considera tion at the hands of the department The market-gardening class should have special consideration in the rates charged them for conveyance of their perishable commodities. They would be large and fre quent customers — not merely once-a-year clients as are the wool growers — but once a weck supporters, constantly forwarding their produce to the metropolitan and other large; markets connected by railway. | There is one consideration arising out of the notorious loss which1 the working of the railways entails, and which we commend to the notice of consumers in the country. They gain what the entire community loses. The railways were destined to open up the country and develope interior settlement, which, in turn, would, undoubtedly, bene fit the leading seaport. But, what ever be the ultimate result, the present effect is that the quarter- million per annum contributed from the general revenue towards working the railways may be re garded as a bonus of so much per head of passengers, or per ton of goods sent to the interior for consumption. This perpetual annual drain of hard cash may be deemed a tolerable set-off against the charge of cen tralisation so frequently urged against the metropolis. Examining the fluctuations in the number of persons who use the Victorian lines of railway, there are such extensive expansions and contractions, that it is fairly deducible that the passenger traffic is highly elastic, and might be permanently increased by a concession in the rates of fare. Omitting the New Year's holidav week, when 35.541 ner sons travelled on the lines, the weekly returns vary from 15,840 to 22,800 persons. These fluctuations hold out brighter hopes for the future than would an unvarying maximum traffic. It is evident that, under particular inducements of pleasure or business, the rail way carriages become better filled — add but a special monetary inducement and the en larged traffic may become chronic. Although the Victorian railways are still a long way from realising Mr Mitchell's estimate, two years ago, of £830,000 per annum — a result- based upon calcalations which that gentleman declared lie had made — there is some ground for hopefulness in an increase which, if maintained, promises to place the gross receipts of 1864 at least £80,000 ahead of those of 1863. 