TEE STRIKE AT WILLIAMS'S COACH FACTORY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-A letter having appeared in your issue of Monday, Bignell "William Williams," I trust yon will grant me a small space in your paper to make a few remarks on that letter. Mr. Williams's first paragraph I pass over. It contains nothing of any consequence either to the public or the men " on strike," except that he is mistaken when he speaks of a tribunal called the " board of trade." No such body exists that I am aware of, except in Mr. Williams's imagination. Tha only tribunal boforo which his conduct has been "reported on," is a committee com- posed partly of the workmen formerly in his employ, and partly of representatives from various other trades-elected as much to seo that the money collected for tho men on strike is applied to its proper purpose as for any other reason. In his second para- graph, Mr. Williams protests ngaiost the systematic ovasion of the question at issue, and a want of candour, which, ho asserts, have alienated public sympathy, not from the operatives, but from thoso who have hood- winked thom. Now, if thero has boon any hoodwinking in the matter, it has been by Mr. Williams himself always endeavouring to put the matter before the publio In a false light. Next, Mr. Williams Boys the matter is dis- puto is a very simplo one, and in that I quite agree with him ; and then ho adds that it might havo been amicably settled long ago bad his opponents been guided by tho lights of lesson and common sense-that is, had they viewed the matter from the same point no inn «liri As for the chargoof ruffianism ho brings against them, nothing of tbo sort has ever been sanctioned either by the committee or anyone who wishes well to tho mon on strike I am suro the committoo, most of whom are known to me, would do all in thelrpowcr-nay, have done-to put down any attompls of the kind. Mr. Williams is fierce in his denun- ciation of Borne political roui who hangs to and fattens on a grievance. But in this instance Mr. Williams himself furnishes the grievance, and so contributes to the fattening of the charlatan ho pretends to despise. Mr. Williams is content to let the question turn on the nature of the business in which he is engaged. So bo it. Mr. Williams is a railway carringe-builder, and if he can mañoco to make a few buggies, it Is only inci- dental to the main business. Now, it ia per- fectly well known that not only Mr. Williams himself during the last four years, but also Mr. Grant, Messrs. Miller and Macquistan, and Mr. Enoch Chambers have carried on the same line of business, with an eight-hours day ; and surely Mr. Williams will not deny that it has been remunerative, or where did ho get tho £7,000 he says he has laid out in buildings and machinery? Xfe cites the ma- chinists at Bobinson'8 Implement Works, and wants them to work the same honrs for bim ; but he ought to remember thnt thero is only about six months' employment during the year at Robinson's : and, farther, that machinists are not required to any ex- tent for carriage building. As for sash and door | m akers, I don t see whot thoy havo to do with , buggy making, although they might be re- quired for railway carriage making; and if they do work ton hours at other ploccs in town (which they do not, for they only work fifty-six hours a week). I do not think it is vory likely that Mr. Williams would poy them more per hour than any other employer. If, then, his men prefer to work eight hours for eight hours' pay, I cannot see what reasonable objection he can urge to their doing BO ; and he knows veiy well that ho can double the amount of production by putting on a second relay of men, at the very same wages he pays the fiiBt. In a former letter, Mr. Williams as seitad that the men wanted twenty-five per cent, more, or tho extra two honrs' work. Now, the reason fur demanding time-and qnnrter, as it is called, for overtime is, not for the Eake of gotting extra pay, but for put- ting such a price upon their labour that it will not pay an employer to work overtime, unless in a case of emergency, when he can obtain a high price fur the article he manu- factures. Mr. Williams assorts that the engineering smiths, at the suggestion of tho Engineers' Society, wanted to give the law to the other workmen in his employ, and heneo the strike. This is not true ; the smiths and all tho other workmon had struck before the Engineers' Society know anything of tho matter. And I believe I could procure Mr. Williams a sight of the engineers' minute book, and ho would find no record of any business connected with the strike. In fact, the strike was never mentioned in tho En- gineers* Society at all. unless casually after the business was ovor, just as any other sub- ject might be. All that the engineers', or any of the other trade societies havo to d ) with the dispute is this, they were Informed that Mr. Williams' men had 6truck against a re- newal of the ten-hours day, and they, un- solicited, agreed to raise subscriptions to BseiEt the men on strike; this they have done, and arc still to do as long as any necessity exists. Mr. Williams then passeB to the removal of Bome of bis men from his other shop, which he says he rented during the erection of his new premises. I thought he hod a shop in the town for several years ; but I .suppose I hove been mistaken, sinco he says no. Ho did not intimate the removal to his operatives on the completion of his new pre- mises, nor yet for Beveral months after their completion ; and as for tho board of trade - Mr. Williams's bite noir-thoy had very little to say in the matter, and that little appears to have been in accordance with tho views of Mr. Williams's operatives in town. As for saying that ho may make cartiages in his town shop in ten hours' time he Is assuming too much. While the buggy makers of Melbourne are content to work ton hours a doy they can do so, but if they evinco any desire to work eight hours a day tho other trades will be as ready to assist them as thoy havo been to assist the men now on strike. And then, does Mr, Williams imagine he will be allowed to claim indulgence on any special pica ? Perhaps the time is not so far off ns Mr. Williams thinks. Refeiring to tho carrying out of Govern- ment contracts on tho eight-hours system, he says, "It would bo inconvenient, if not mischievous, to subvert, in any particular fac- tory, usages which wore recognized throughout the trade, on tho ground that its pro- prietor was occasionally a successful com- petitor for Government works which in their nature wero identical with the trade carried on." Qnite so. But in this particular instanco thcro is little or no identity with the work carried on ; that is, assuming that Mr. Williams is what he insists ho is, a coach builder. There is very little in common between buggieB and railway waggons. Mr. Williams next invites the attention of thoopa rative carriage-builder to tho " cost of produc- tion," and cites the recent importations from America, and longs to seizs the golden prize " which can only be got by hard fighting aud hearty co-oncration^of our forcep," That is, Mr. Williams will find the capital, but the opera- tive carriage-builder must reduce the prlco oí his labour by working ten hours for the samo wages ho is now getting for eight; or eke, what difiorenco could It maka whether the day wa3 ten hours or eight? I rememb« something of a brilliant speech of Mr. Wil- liams's some three years and a half ago, upon the protection question, in Hockin'e hall-for Mr. Williams, with all his contempt of political charlatans, was some- times fain to mount the stump even with Graham Berry and the hon. member foi West Melbourne (Mr. Thomas Loadei),-in which he declaimed with impassioned elo quenco upon the wrongs of coachmakors, and wanted something like twenty per cent, duty placed upon imported carriages, although at the time I bsliarvo ho was an importer him- self. Since that time wages have declined about ten per cent, white we may fairly assume thatlabour In America has risen a like amount. This would place Mr. Williams in exactly thesamo position asho would have bier with a twenty ror cent, duty, and the " C03I of production" ia now narrowed to th( question of the present rate of wages per day or rafher per hour ; for, as I have said before Mr. Williams is not tho man to pty a highu: rate than any other employer iii town. But this Board of Trade, this spectral illu sion, this patent ghost, that haunts Mr. Wil Hams, rises up to frighten him. Stipposo that in order to got possession of this golden priiv at which he aims, a twclvo or fourteen hours day was required, would Mr. Williams b justified in asking mon to work for tha length of time ? Tho meeting at tho Tradcs'-hall next como in for a share of invectivo and blttor irony " The fur ds were running short, and a collapä of the striko was impending." No sucl thing; the committee were getting mor funds than they required, and intentionnll let tho balance in hand grow IPSS, as Mr. Wil Hams might have known if ho bad been toll tho truth, or seen the much despised "report. I allow I cannot exactly BOO what the oom mittco intended or expected to gain by hold ing this meeting, as I could easily forese what Mr. Williams would think of it. Wha a handlo Mr. Williams gets hold of in th matter of the " bills," ana tho loglslatorla "stars," and tbo "manager." But hero he is at fault. A spiritual manifestation in the form of a hat did not make the circuit of the ball. No one was asked for a ponny-no doubt to the surprise of Mr. William Wil Hams. There was nothing to Bhudder at, aLd not a single " rap" was required. With Mr. Sinclair, and tho inuendo thrown out about tile next election, I havo nothing to do at present. Mr. Sinclair will havo to answer to nie constituents for his conduct, and not to Mr. Williams. Mr. Kyte comes in next for a Bbaro of Mr. Williams's anger ; and another protest Is entered against his saying "Mr. Williams, like mo, is in his shirt sleeves." It ia well enough known that Mr. Williams does not go about in his shirt sleeves; that would ba too much like work. He would much rather bo seen in a ragged old coat, than display somuch super- fluous linen. And then, to think of Mr. Ky te's calling him "a good-hearted man," and without any ground for saying BO! Mr. Kjto is, perhaps, the only man in Mel- bourne who could afford to apply such a* désignation to Mr. Williame, Boeing that by doing so he would rendor himself Hablo to a prosecution for malicious libel. I shall dismiss the short paragraph in which Mi. Berry is referred to hy one equally short : -Mr. Berry's remarks were very favourably received. Mr. Scott comes next, and ho ia exhorted to (ako heart of grace, as he will find tho Board of Trade (Mr. Williams's bugboar again) potent enough for all purposea of mischief. Mr. Williams doeB not seem to bj aware that Mr, Scott is not at all in a desponding s tito, nnd that he never mentioned an Eight-hours Convention at all at the meeting; but Mr. Williams is to bo excused for this Bhghfc mis- take, seeing that the report he received of the mooting does not Beem to havo bjen a very correct one. A ftw words will suffice for the concluding paragraph. The sympathy which yearns to- wards tho mason does not overlook his hod- man. I was not aware of hodnun belnj re- quired when masons were not at work, and if masons only workolght hours, I do not think hodmen reqniro to work any longer. If tho Eawyeis are inclined to accept the eight-hours system, I have said before that they will get the support of the other trades. If they are not Eo inclined they may remain as they aro ; and as for the navvies, I say the same thing. Mr. Williams next asks what about "moral suasion" and our mining population? Is ho awaro that eight hours Is generally considered a day's work in tho mines? And thon this eternal Board of Trade rises up phantom-like before Mr. Williams, and he suggest« that thoy Bbonld form themselves into an oight-houm " picket," with Mr. Sinclair as fugleman, and commence an eight-hour "crusado," begin- ning at Batman's-hill and ending at Borrla boola-gha. (Mr. Williams baa read Bleak Ernie, and takes care to let the public know it.) I heartily approve of tha sugges- tion, and hope tho Board of Trade-if it exists-will act upon it, and I also agree with Mr. Williams that there ought io be no isolated martyrdom (how hatd he tries to make the public believe that bo Is a martyr !) ; and when tho coachmakers bestir themselves to got the eight-hours, I do not despair of seeing Mr. Williams fighting in tho ranRB of tho eight-hours advocates, in his anxiety to get a " fair start," like the Cornish clergyman. I am. Sir. yours very trulv. DAVID BENNET. Carlton, Jan. 19. THE SOEZ CANAL IB becoming a formidable nuisance. It hinders tho growth of Egyptian cotton, and, consequently, tho prosperity of the Egyptian labourers. Tho cotton paya splendidly, and all tho labourers wish to work at it: but the Suez fanatics insist on their 20,000 labourers, which is no llttlo drain on the cotton-growing population. Tbo Viceroy, who Bowed about 4,000 acres last year In cotton, is said to have planted 19,000 this, and to havu off-red to supply tho people gratuitously with seed, and ho hopes next year will seo 70,000 to 100,000 acres under cultivation.-Spectator. . LIQUT LITEBATUBE.-On the person of a lad recently committed for trial at the Marl borough-Btreet Police Court wore found the following booka :-Blueskin, Black Bess, or the Knight of the Road; Colonel Jack, or the Life of a Highwayman ; Black Wolfe, or the Boy highwayman.-Liverpool Albion. 