TUB VIRTUE OP TRUTH. Two or Hirco disoimtons, ttio details of which lio oat of our trank, or have beon notlcotl in other parts ofonr paps*, havo htely raised ru different forms tho question how far, and in what sen BO, truth is a virtue. Ol Cardinal Wiseman and hil Pastoral we hnvo said onough elsewhere. Ur. Newman's singular duel with Mr, Kingsley ts Btill dragging Usolf along, to tba amusement au a occasional instruction of all beholders. It is no business of ours.to search into tho con BoicnoB of tlieolovon thousand clergymen who informed tho Arohbishop of Canlorfcury tho other day that, in their opinion, the Judicial Committee of tho 1'iivv Connoil had made a mistake ; bat all Uioso, and some otüor roacnt oo onrronces which might bo mentioned, lo.ul ono to ask what tho parties ooucornod think of truth, livery ono resists tho imputation of throwing tho least doubt upon tho propo- sition that truth is a virtue. Dr, Nownun is stung to tho quiak hy tho suggestion that ho li riot an honest man. Ho feels that it would destroy Ina influence if it were proved,! and that it would be tho ono stiin on his honor whioh no- thing could wash ont It is1 tho samo with every ona oise. The Archbishop's eleven thousand visitors all suppoJo that they would rather be oxposed to any suffering than aavo thomselvos by adoliborate lie, and many are perfeotlv corroo t in the Buppoiiticn ¡and Cardinal Wiseman und hUfolloirers are snre to repudiate with intense indignation the obarge of having garblod Garibaldi's addres». And yat Dr New- man does believe In tho most wonderful mirados. The elevon thousand olorgy unite in au assertion whioh ÍB cither an eqnivoaatijn of tho most misleading kind, or else an arsortion which many of them cannot seriously Intend to make, Cardinal Wiseman does take a line about soienco whioh difiera only in phrase and style (and the dilTerence is not in favour of tho Gaidlnaljfrom tho paBslopato appeals of an Old Bailey or Middlesex Sossions orator to a British jury not to convict a roan who' eilis a dosen ro'peotable witnesses to his oharaotor, morely because a few nolentifio deteotivos have found somebody olio's plato buried in odd corners of bis collar, and ' have traced his footmarks to the placo where it'was stolen. Why is this? Hoir ia it that so many and muon rospcotablo and virtuous people consider lying BO wiokod, and yob oat o BO little for truth on a large soalo ? The roaRon'may perhaps bo thrown into' the Bliapo of a sermon whieh we will snpposa to bo dolivored by s mo §reacher, no matter of what denomination, who linds a iiHcûlty in adjusting tho olaima of faith and reason. The Iireaoher would probably express himself somewhat aa fol ows :-" In addressing you on tho Bubject of truth, I feel that . I am treading on. de ioato urjund. There aro difficulties, on all hands, whioh for centuries hive perplexed the wisoi.tr/' That it is a sin to lie, no ¡ ono doubts. That In souto pirttonlnr points it is a sin to doubt, is equally or oven moro certain. That foots are sometimes plausibly alleged to be true which tend to east adeubton those paints, or ot Ieaat nppoar to do so, is equolly well established ¡ and tba question isi ' how nra tho general publio to not when suoh a state or things in shown to existí You will bo aovod from much embarrassment upon.tho subjectif jori aucooéd in getting one leading distinction . firmly., established In your minda. It may not bo easy to carry lt out In all its details, or to state with petfoolly satisfactory completeness tbe theory of wbloli it forma a part but some of tts lending features aro [sufficiently plain, and may bo easily explained. Th» theory ia aufitloD i« founded upon the rut difference wafers - - ** exl>ti bel ween telling the truth in the common intercouner oflifo, »ml knowing what happen», ia point of fact, lob« trae Tho one ii unquestionably » duty, tbs other li av mere arr! lent. No doubt you are bound in the itrongestt -' way not to dfoeivo yonr neighbour Honesty, fer obvions reasons, forbids you to do io ; but it ia one thing to do tbr»¿ and qnite another to bs limitad, superficial, or inaccurate* in your own knowledge. Every one is so and inieed oust be to more or les*. Omnircionce is not possible to human creatures, and so long aa we fall short of omniscience wat must, upon some points more or less numerous «ni import- ant, be subject to ignóranos. Ibero ia nothing morally wrong ia beinaf mistaken. Error ii one thing, and deceib another, And pf-rfeo1. truth and honesty is compatible wiÜt a dograe of simplicity which may perhaps bo stigmatised a* . infantile. A child of seven rears old may bo os honest as sc grown-up man or woman, though it is ready ta bélier» whatever you please to tell it, and though ¡ls imagination, is so much more actire than its reason th»t it sees no psr ticnlar ground for doubting the truth of fairy tales and ghost stori-s . Not only it suob a deposition not vicious, hut in many respects it ia highly favourable to the hi übest form of virtue. The ohild-like, teachable disposition is far more open to good impresiona than the hard-headed ' and sceptical ? turn of mind whian i* acquired, by long experience of life, and which appears to be necessary for SUCOJSS in its rougn pursuits. Yet if by truth you understand, not the opposite of deceit but correctness of thonght apon a variety of sub- jects there can he no doubt that the temper of mind Ia - ; question bat less to do with it than the stirring eelf-auE cieaov which mako3 allthe disturbances and leads to all that troubtesomo ontrovoreies with willoh tho world is so muoh distraotoj. Truthfulness is a moral virtue. The obligation to toll tho truth arises from the foot that it is ona branch, of tho general oommnnd not to injure yonr neighbour, and to lead him astray is one way of doing so ; but we aro nndor no deflnito obligation tb acquire knowledge. Tho passion for diáog so is essentially self-regardisg, and may like any other passion be immoderately indulged You are au. acquainted with tho evils which are the natural resolt of an immoderate indulgence in it, and 1 need not insist upon ' them " Such is tho view, moro or less distinctly held which a. largo proportion of ibo clergy of all deuomfnations are apt to take on the subject of telling the truth They nra apt to regard it ns somothiog essentially distinot i'om tho habit of investigating into facts-os one amongst many duties which people owe to each other tn ordinary life and whioh mu>t be considered to lo important in proportion to> tho gravity of tho consequenoa whioh may acorns from a. violation of it or the circumstances with whioh it is eon- 1 neeted. Tho oxttcmo form of this view of tho subject is to- be foun'l in those tboorlos upon thc duty of truthfulness which'aro maintained ia ouulstlcnl writings, and whioh. aoourately distinguish between the cases in which n He is a ' venial and tboso ia wliiah it is a mortal sin - between the guilt of a lie pura nndslmp'o and n lie under tho sanotion. 1 of on oath It ia not confined to any ono form of religious ' belief but it haï a far greater affinity to Popery than to 1 Protesia-itiîiii, and might probilly without muoh Injustice be described as the clerical, or oiuplatioally as thc Romani Catholic, viow of lj ibg. , ThoiProtestant or eoientifio view of the nature of truth, is broadly distinguished from thia, and appears to be con nooted with n far sounder and more philosophical estimate: of morality than that whioh regards it as a mero collection of rules enforced by penalties If men ore viewed not merely aa beings who are capable of being punished I for breaking through a particular sot of prohibition», , but . ns beings who hove it in their power tor improvo tho condition in which they live, to strengthen their faculties, to enlarge their whole sphere of notion, and. in n word, to put out to interest a vast variety of talents of different kinds and degrees, truth will bo something very muoh wider and deeper than a mete absence of tho injury inflicted by dew if, just as goodoois will'ho something alto- gether dlfleront from raero innocence. The importance or truthfulness and tho breadth of the way in which it is con- ceived, depond to a groat extent ujvon tho degree ia which activity ia included in our conception of morality.. If people oro to act at ali, they most act npon things as they are, not upon things, as they are not. But all notion is guided by thought, and nil s?ooessful notion is guided by true thought-by thought which corresponds with foots« instead of diverging from them. Hence, in proportion tar the degree in whioh our idoal af goodness is to tiro, troth, will como to be not a virtue, bnt the virtue-a thing need- ful not on particular oooasions in order to avoid particular frauds or injuries but always and in nil pursuits aa an in- dispensable olement of that suooeaa whioh it is tho great objeot of lifo to achieve. Let people onoo get their minds saturated -with tho loading belief that they ara pat into tho world - to ranko ? the beat of them- selves in ' various direolions, that avery honest calling is a snored thing to bo honoured and respected as part of n vast general dispensation of whioh all men o^ghfc to promoto tho objects each in his own sphere, and truth. , will be viowed ss the highest, the most univoranl, and that most entire of all obligatlum. Evorj- do»l»tînn from ¡6, 0»co ndm'ttod into tho general soborno of things becomes a oonstant norn co of failure and confusion like a mistake) in a sum till it is sot to rights. Ifor instanco, a legislator .Js^ät^fsiVP iS'lkh J?y Jn,\3"û01îfiinfi' títf raw'wrañg. "His , mistake will repent itself lu » thousand »»j», und will vax that patt of mankind who are affeoted hy it for oenturies-, it may bc, but oertninly aa often as tho law ls put in foroo rind until it is corrcotcd. According to thia viowy there ia tho closest possible relation between error and f.ilsohood. In fact, thora is no difference botweon thom> except that the one ls wilful and malicious, and not thar other ; and the guilt of lving consists maii.lv in the fact - 1 that tho liar ls consciously and expressly faithlo's to the , great objojt of lifo - nimoly, tho general improvement or the human race, to which truth 1B ns neoesmry as oxygen to tho circulation of tho blood. Ur. Newman tells ns that . ncoordlng to the morality of his present creed, an impuro with la a much worso thing than a lie This ia av. natm-al consequence from bis gonoral viow of morality. For well-known rensonB, his tenohora view with a somi-Mamolirjea horror every concession to the animal naturo eron if it . bei«; ?n(Js 'H îl'Ç W\ï$ of tho individual who makes it* Al'rbtcatant would any that the one offence dliTors fromf the other aa wafting o'aovercign differs from patting a bout < sovereign in circulation. In the first ca», tho owner suffers L for his weakness. In tito nooond, he is aceessory to the - 1 robbory of as roney people aa pass thc coin to onoh other 1 bofore it is finally nailed to the counter. Perhaps co one has seized sa fully this broad vier of i truth ns Mr. Carl tie. The conception pf it whioh we har« ? boen trying to desoribe is that which is to ba fiiUndk-.»'*", iu nonrly erory ono of his writings Every purt of his « Lifí of Frodorie'c tbs Great," . oren thoro chnptors which roooid his occasional falsehoods', [ mo full of praise of his hero's " Teraoity"-that Is, of hist power of seo ng things as tboy roally woro and of hts con- \ eclousness time error and dolusien, however soduotlre, nevec como to good. This may oppoar to superficial observation / a small and obvious thing, but in reality Mr. Carlyle ist perfectly right in viowingit asono of tho rarest mid highest ,', çf all Into'IeettiSl giftP, and as intirnntol? oonneclod w¡th_ -i all personal virtues. Tho duties of tho intellect are as ' < Bovero and fully as important as the dutlos whioh moro im mediately relate to tho passions, and they aro nott ve OB well as passive and indissolubly connected together. No ons wi'l long continua to speak tho truth unless he habitually thinks tho truth, nor will hs be able to do this unless ho I keeps his mind in vigorous ned healthy oxorolse. - \- S.iluräay: I Hiview DEATH CS RTn. HEKBY (Cnn SBTIIER,-^Yo regrat (o ' announce (ba deotb of Mr. Henry Kor Seyraer, wno rc priRonted Dorset&hire; for nearly twenty years, und hod ' only jaat retired from Parliament on ocoount of tl! health. Tho respeoted gentleman diod rather Bnddonly st tbo soot of Slr E. Baker, rjoar B'andloid, in Dorset-, ' on Batarday morning. His only ot ild, a danghtor, waa reaently married to Mr. Clay, an Vfarfis of the British ombosey at Parin, and Mr, Seymor waa abont to viBlt bor. rho canso of his death was jaundlee. His-deatb waa annonuoed atDorohostor marketon Saturday, end mn ott regret was exprosBOd at tho ooourrenoe. Mr. Seymor waa a conservative In polities, and was highly reepeotod itt Dorsetshire-Ztei'ty Neut ; ' FREAK off BEES.-On the afternoon of Tuesday (17tb ' May) a swarm ol bees desaeoded tho obimnoy or the 1 drawing-room of Whitland Abbey, and a'lglittd in a deosotnnsson the wall batween the windows, whioh,thoo/jl» open at the time, they did not thins flt to avail them, selves of for exit, but remained perfeotly quiet on th» snot they bad ohoren. Towards doak, ona of the faro» labourers WBB inlrodoood, bearing a common straw nita und slate. Ia thia ho raked the wboje lot ' Uh bia bond no1 dicioollnatlon tbero'o or ' dtajioai i:n to et lng bim, being ovloood by the bee». Having ; ojveretl . toe hive wllh tbs tlote, it waa placed fa Its proper position, on i email tablo, where ls < stood doting tho night, the inmates belog allowed free . ogress through the bolo at tho bottom On entering lb« , , roora next morning, tho boos were fonnd flying abont ia all dire allons, and ripon the window being opened, thejr alt speedily took their depártate. However,' . strange ter say, everyone of them returned io the evening, and. poaoenbly entered tbe hivo,whlob WOB then orrtiea tether i garden and pissed in an elegible situation. They traver ever sinos taken most kindly (o their new habitation, and appear now to be as ba By and happy as bees- oan be. lb is tho largest enarra tbat.anyonc remembers to hit» «eera In thin nalgbourhocd, and they must bavo travelled ar ' long dlatanoo at their arriva), from tho. aymplon of fatigas sfronn. No fire bad been lit in tba orate ot »he roora I Blnoe tbs warru di* Heather dot lp, -WtUhwan. 