THE EVIDENCE OF SPIES : HOW TREATED. COURT FOR DIVORCE AND MATRIMONIAL CAUSES, JUNE 17. BEFORE the Judge-Ordinary. WOOD V. WOOD AND WARREN. This was a petition by a husband. The respondent and the co-respondent denied that they had been guilty of the adultery charged, and the respondent further alleged that the petitioner had wilfully separated from her without reasonable cause. Dr. Deane, Q.C., and Dr. Tristram appeared for the petitioner ; Mr. W. H. Cooke, Q.C., and Dr. Wambey, for the respondent ; and Mr. O'Malley, Q.C.; and Mr. G. Browne for the co-respondent. The petitioner, Mr. Alexander Wood, is a partner in a firm of grocers and wine merchants at Newcastle- upon-Tyne. In November, 1857, he married the respondent, who is the daughter of an engine driver on the Great Western Railway. She had, however, received a good education, and had just left school, and was living with her maternal grand- father at Berwick. Upon the marriage her grand- father settled some property, which now produces about £50 a year, on her, to her separate use. Mr. and Mrs. Wood lived together happily at Newcastle until 1861, and had two children. In 1861 Mr. Wood went to France on business, and left his wife and children in London, on a visit to a family with which she had been intimate before her marriage. Mrs. Wood became attached to a young man, the son of the gentleman at whose house she was staying, and entered into a clandestine correspondence with him. This correspondence was discovered by his sister, who remonstrated with her, and afterwards disclosed it to Mr. Wood. Mrs. Wood promised that it should be broken off, but after that promise had been given she again wrote to the young man, telling him that there had been " a dreadful row," but she had got through it, and she would go through more for hie sake, and adding the postscript " Burn my letters. Hope!" In the beginning of 1862 her husband was informed that she had been encouraging the attentions of an Italian who had recently taken up his residence in New- castle, and he remonstrated with her but again forgave her, aud she wrote to him promis- ing that this should be me last time he should have to find fault with her, and that in future she wonld do all she could to make him happy and comfortable. Boon afterwanU she went to stay at Tynemouth for the Benefit cf fcer health. She the»« made the acquaintance of another person. Her hus- band soon afterwards discovered that she had recoiled this or some other étranger into his houBO in his absence, and was also carrying on a clandestine cor- respondence -with some one at Bradford. When sho wab told by the servant that Mr. Wood had made this discovery, she said, "Then my name is Walker, for my days are numbered here, and I must pick up my thinga and be off." Mr. Wood then mido up 1ub mind to separate from her, and Bent her to live*with her father at Reading. He employed some one to watch her, and in consequence of the information he received he presented thiB petition, wherein he charged her with adultery with Mr. Wairen, an artist, living at Reading. In July, 1863, she removed from Read ipg to London, and she waa also charged with having committed adultery with different persons in London who were unknown to the petitioner. The piincipal witness in support of the cliargo of adultery was Stephen Gregory, who Bald that ho was now in the employment of Professor Peppor at the Polytechnio, and that just before Christmas, 1862, he was employed by Mr. Wood and his attorney to watch Mrs. Wood nt Reading. He went down to Rending at the beginning of January, 1863, and stayed till March. He took lodgings a few doors from Mr, Swinney, the father of Mrs. Wood, at whose house she was residing, and watched her from his window, '* like a cat at a hole." He produced a me- morandum book, in whieh he had Kept a minute iccord of all her movements from hour to hour, rioting down even the dress she wore, und whether she looked cheerful or not. He frequently saw Mrs. Wood and "Warren -walking together by themselves, and men- tioned two or three occasions when he had seen them in a retired road, culled the Warrens, between Reading and the village of Caversham. They were generally together on those occa- sions from seven or eight o'clock till ton or eleven o'clcck in the evening. He once saw them in Caversham Churchyard, and once in an un- finished street in Reading, and he had twice followed them to a boat-house on the river kept, by Mr. Piper, »nd callpd the Waterman's Cottsçe. In July, 1863, he met Mrs. Wood in London, ana he had afterwards seen her go to the Pavilion Music-hall, the Haymar- ket, and to the Holborn Casino. She had once spoken to him, and threatened to give him into custody for following her. He said ho wanted lo know who kept her, and she replied there were a dozen, and she hoped her husband would soon get a divorce. Cross-examined by Mr. Cooke : I am employed on Sundays as doorkeeper and pew- opener at Bloomsbury Chapel. I was employed as a detective onco before I was etneerned in this case. I had £5 when I started for Reading, and I have had about £68 up to the present time for expenses. I received my in- structions from Mr. Wood, and I reported to him every day. Cane, the letter-curler at Reading, told me -«hen she had letters, and where they came from. I -was at Reading about three months, and then I was discovered, and of courso I espie away. I went to Watren's hcuse, and saw a lady, whom I took to be his wife I told her I could inform her how Warren passed his time. Of course she would not believe me, and she shut the door in my face. I went to her be- cause I wanted some one to corroborate mo, as I thought my statement might be doubted. I told Cane my object in wa'ching about a week after I got there. I had a variety of dresses with me. 1 used sometimes to go out with a large cloak and a hat, and a smock frock underneath, and my private dress under- neath that. After I had followed her for some time with my clo.k on, I would take it off, hide roy hat somewhere, nnd appear in my smockfrock like a c.>untr)mnn returning from work, carrying a bundle ?with my cloak in it over my shoulder. I could after- wards take off my smockfrock and make it into another bundle. Ichangedmyclotheaontheroad. I am not the "ghost" at the Polytechnic, but the "Kuight watching his aimour." I once ntked a policemon to watch with me. I suppose my evidence would not be believed if it was not corroborated. Mrs. Wood was at the Pavilion with a man whom she called "Charley, dear." I followed her after she left, and saw her go into a house in Chelsea. I went in after her, and told - the person belobging to the house that she went to placee which were frtquenied by prostitutes. Croat-examined by Mr. O'Mallèy : I have been a button-maker and a papcrhanger and glazier, and a " black borderer." I have also been money-taker at the Queen's Concert-room in the Haymarket, and I have lectured at tho Great Globe, in Leicester-square, cn -the model of Sebastopol, and also on Europp, India, and China. I am also a painter. The people -where I lodged at Reading thought I was a " Scrip turf writer." I suppose that wal because I had my Bible with me. I generally take my Bible with me, and consult it for my guidance through life. The memoranda that I made as to Mrs. Wood's move- ments were in pencil. I afterwards copied them into the note-book now produced, and I burnt the pencil memoiacds. A policeman at Caversham named Williams wes colled to corroborate Gregory, and stated that he had watched Mrs. Wood and Warren one evening nt Gtegory's request, and had seen them together at the Warrens .The letter-carrier Cane and hit wife were also called, and proved that MrB, Wood left her father's house on the 3rd of July, and lodged at thtir houee until the 28th of July, wh»n she come to London, and that she had told Mrs, Cane that she thought she. might be in the family way by a gentleman whom she had met in London. Cane said that Mrs. Wood' owed him two guineas for her board and lodging, and' that he had received nothing from Mr. Wood. In answer to a question put by his Lordship, he denied that he had asked Gregory for £6, but a letter was put into his hand», in which he had asked for that sum, and said he would have no more to do with the case if Gregory did not come to terms. He did not,' however, get the money. .Mrs. Wood had lodged in London-street, Padding- ton, after she removed from Reading, for about three ?netkg, and then in Shaftesbury-erescent, Pimlico, for about three weeks. Ihe landladies of these two houses were called and proved that she had boen occasionally visited in the daytime by two gentlemen, but that they had sever noticed any impropriety whatever in her conduct. During a part of this time she had a situation at the refreshment rooms of the South Kensington Railway. On two or three occa- sions she had not slept at home. It was contended on the part of the respondent that there was no foundation for the charge of adultery ; und Mr. Slater, a chemist and diuggUt at Reading, ?was called and swore that Mr. Warren had passed every evening, without exception, in January, Febru- ary, and March, 1863, at his house, that he generally came about six, and stajed till ten or eleven, that Mrs. Wood was at his house about twice a week, and that he always took Mrs. Wood home, and Mr. War. ren sometimes accompanied them. He said Mr. Warren was married, but had not lived with his wife for several years, and that he now resides at Notting hill. The Court adjourned before the respondent's case was concluded. Saturday, June l8. .' The hearing of this cause was resumed, and further evidence was given on behalf of the respondent. The evidence of Mr. Slater was corroborated by his sister and by his daughter, who were living wi»h him at Reading in the early part pf 1863. They Bwore that Mr, Warren was at their house every evening, except on Sundays, not only from January to March, 1863. but for several months before ; that Mr. Slater went home with Mrs. Wood whenever she spent the evening with thom, because Mr. Warren thought it was improper for him to beseen alone at night with a married woman ; and that in April, 1863, Mrs. Wood discontinued her visits to their house1 at Miss Slater's request, in consequence of the rumours which then reached them as to a charge having been made of improper intimacy between her an5 Mr. Warren. They had never noticed any im- propriety in Mrs. Wood's conduct. Mr. Slater's daughter is now living in the same house with Mr. Warren at Nott'ngThill. Piper, the keeper of the boat-house at Caversham, said that Mr. Warren and Mrs. Wood were never at his house to- gether except on one occasion when they stayed for a quarter of an hour, and be was with themall the time. Mrs. Wood's father and her Btepmother were also called, end confirrxed the evidence of the other wit- nesses as to the propriety of Mrs. Wood's conduct at Heading, and proved that she had left Reading be- cause her father had found out that she was being watched, and had warned her to be careful, and she w as offended at his interference. A great deal of evidence was given respecting the behaviour of Mrs. Wood during her residence in London. Miss Mason, a respectable young woman who had been employed in tho refreshment-room at South Kensington, and had there made Mrs. Wood's acquaintance, said that Mis. Wood had been very intimate with her and her family up to the present time, and her conduct had been irreproachable. She had been with her once to the Oxford Music Hall, but they spoke to no one there, and they once had gone to Cremorne with a party. Mrs. Wood had occasionally slept at Miss Mason's house. Her evidence was corroborated -by a young man to whom she wa« engaged and ! who had frequently seen Mrs. Wood when she was vhiting Miss Mason and her family, by the landlady of the house in Denbigh- street where Mrs. Wood had I lodged sinct August last, and by Mr. and Mrs. I'll (.- ? . I, I.«1,1 M'lnniss, who had once called in at the Pavilion for i half-an-hour when Mrs. Wood was out walking with them. They were accompaniod by another gentleman, and after leaving the Pavilion they had all gone to j Mr. M'lnniss' hourc.to supper. Gregory h td foi- I lowed them, and while they were at supper had Been I Mrs, M'lnniss' mother and had spoken to her about Mrs. Wood; In contequence of what ho said, they determined to drop her acquaintance, and when she came to dine at their house on the following Sund ty, by invitation, they Baid they were geing out, and de- clined to receive her. It also apptared from the evi- dence of these witnesses that Mrs. Wood had re- ceived nothing from her husband finco the separation, and that she had been subsisting upon the £50 a venr paid by the trustees of her grandfather's will, "and had been in very bad circumstances, sometimes not even having sufficient food to eat. Mr. Cooke submitted that the petitioner, who had neglected Mb young wife to attend to his business while Bho wob living with him, and had got rid of her on account of Borne slight indiscrotions which he ought to have forgiven, must have sent her to Reading in tho hope and expectation that she would commit adultery» He commented upon the evidence respect- ing the conduct of Mrs. Wood in London, for the pur- pose of showing that it exonerated her from blame. Mr. O'Malley, for the co-respondent, said that tho charge against him rested upon the uncorroborated testimony of a vile spy, according to his own showing one of tho most degraded of mankind. His testimony wsb positively contradicted by respectable witnesses, and the Court ought not to act upon it. Dr. Deane, in reply, »uld there wss no ground for the attack on the petitioner, whose conduct had throughout been that of a kind and prudent husband. The history of Mrs. Wood previous to the separation rendered her subsequent misconduct highly piobable, and he contended that the evidence had dearly proved the charges brought against her. The Judge Ordinary said he should have been very glad to have been.relieved from the necessity of foi ming jin opinion upon this long and remarkable case, and he heuiiily wished that duty had been cast upon a jury. He looked upon Mrs. Wood as a person so little entitled to the Bympathy of the Court that it could give him no satisfaction to decide in her favour. He found her conduct something worse than thoughtless while sho was living with her hus- band ¡ he found her conducting herself towards men, while under his roof, in a way that no husband could tolerate, and there was very little improvement in her conduct after she had left his roof. Agtinst the petitioner, on tho other hand, he thought nothing but imprudence could be charged. He found that he was an affectionate husband, that he was undoubtedly attached to his wife, that he had never treated her with neglect or unkindness, and he believed that he deeply deplored the necessity of these proceedings, and that he had been forced into them by tho firm conviction of her guilt. It could give no satisfaction to the Court to have to decide against Mr. Wood j but still he was bound to look at the evi- dence, and to see how far it bore out the charges of adultery. In this investigation ho should not look for the positive and direct evidence of eyewitnesses, but ho should eonsider the facts proved, and draw the natural and reasonable conclu ion from them accor- ding to that experience of life which everyone more or less porsessed, bearing in mind that Mr, Wood had to mske out his wife's guilt, not by mere suspicion, but by leatonablc proof. He wished to say emphatically, as some strong language had been used respecting Mr. Wood, that up to the time when Mrs. AVood went to her lather's he saw nothing to blame in Mr. AVoed's conduct. An attempt had been made to ex- cuse Mrs. A\rood on the ground that her husband was immersed in business, but to admit suoh an excuse as that w ould expose nine-tenths of the community to outrage. But after Mis. AVood left her husband he took on unwarrantable step. He regretted that with- out having any reason to suspect that she was acting improperly under her father's roof he had immediately placed a spy upon her actions. It was on the testi- mony of that man that the real stress and burden of the case rested. He entirely agreed with the remarks made by his predecessor in the caee of " Sopwith ?". Sopwith" as to that class of evidence, and perhops he might go a little fuither. A ,man who was em- ployed to collect information, o,ñd whose pay de- pended upon his getting it, was pretty sure to get the \- information that he was to be paid for. If be could find the thing he wanted, well ana good. If he could not, what an enormous temptation there was to manufac- ture it r What would have been Gregory's position after his first week at Reading if he had been obliged to write to Mr. Wcod day alter day-"lean see no- thing wrong in your wife's conduct." AVhy, Mr. AVood would have said, "There is no necessity for my paying you any longer, and you can go away." Even supposing such a man was thoroughly honest, how prone mutt his mind be to misconstrue every - word and every acion into some proof of what he wanted and expected to prove ! That such a witness required corroboration must be patent to every one, and was well known to Gregory himself. But he was not corroborated in any one material fact j on the other hand, he wsb distinctly contradicted as to some facts bj several witnessee. With every desire, there- fore, to do justice to Mr. AVood, and not forgetting the previous life of Mrs. Wood, he could not act upon the evidence of Gregory, and he held that tho charge of , adultery with Mr. AVarren was not proved. In support of the charge of adultery ti ith 'tome other person/reliance was placed upon the evi- dence of Mr. and Mis. Cane, but after reading the letter in which Cane asked Gregory for £5, he could not give any credence to his evidence. As to the con- versation with Mrs. AVood, to which Mrs. Cane de- posed, it would be a dreadful thing te rely upon it as proof of adultery, seeing that according to the present state of the law of evidence, which he very much de- plored, Mrs. AA'ood could not be called to explain it. There remained the charge that she had led an adul- terous life since ehe came to London. He could not come to the conclut ion that the charge was established upon the dry and B'miill fact that she was once, for or certain length of time, alone in a room at her lodg-_ ings with a man. BesideB, there was the most mite-~ rial fact that duting the latter part of July and the whole of August she was closely watched day after day, as was shown by Gregor j's note-book, by another agent of her husband named Barlow. Barlow was at her elbow morning, noon, and night-, and he was not produced as a witness. Bafore he concluded he thought it right to moke one remark upon the conduct of Gregory. Admitting that it waa necessary, in some cases, for a husband to trace the doings of his wife; admitting, also, that Mr. Wood hod fair ground for believing that his wife was not a person upon whom he could place full reliance ; »nd, therefore, not blaming him for what he had done, he must say the course which Gregory had taken deserved the deepest condemnation. Not only had he watched her, but,he had gone to two if not to more respectable people with whom she was familiar and had denounced her as a woman of bad character. He intruded himself into the house of Mr. M'Innis, and actually traduced her to such an extent tlut they afterwards refused to receive her. It was not for the Court to surmise what his object might have been in attempting to ruin her character with respectable persons, but he could not help condemning, in the strongest language, his conduct in scattering broadcast such imputations. He had, therefore, como to the conclusion that the charge of adultery was not proved, and that the petition must be dismissed. The petitioner had imprudently allowed his mind to be fed from time to time by Gregory's reports, and no doubt he had been induced to believe that she waa clearly guilty, when she was nt mOBt only open to suspicion. He could see -no ground why, as the petition was dismissed, it should not be dismissed with costs. Petition dismissed accordingly. .*_ 