FRIGHTENED BY A GHOST - DEP- LORABLE DEATH OF A YOUNG I WOMAN. ' • . :: - On the 23rd of February, Mr H Raffles Walthew, Deputy coroner, held an. in quest at the White Hart Tavern, Kings land-road, touching the death, of a young woman named Priscilla May, aged 19 years,who lost her life through the prac- tical joke of a. servant in dressing up as a ghost: \- Mr. R; May, a tradesman carrying on business-at No 145, Kingsland- road, said that deceased, his daughter, was a dress maker.: She was in perfect health when about four months ago she went to Mr Blyth's house, in Hyde Park Gardens, to do some work. She returned three days afterwards looking seriously affected in health. She could hardly breathe. Her nostrils were greatly distended,'and were plugged. She said that she had been terribly frightened the night before. As she: was : going up stairs with the governess and the servant, past the bath room,-the door of-the latter was seen to be open. ; She asked the servant to close the door, and the latter was going to do so, when' something all in white threw the door wide open and appeared from the darkness. She said that she instantly fell back screaming into the arms of the governess. Blood gushed from her nos trils, and she was carried down stairs insensible. A doctor was sent for, and the servants remained up with her all night. It appeared that the apparation in white was a servant, who dressed her self all in white in a practical joke. Deceased never recovered from the shock. She lost her appetite/and her mind be-! came affected. She gradually sank, and she died'on the.19 th inst.: ... Sophia Sturgeon said that she was servant in the employ of a gentleman, residing at 30, Upper Hyde-park gar dens, Bayswater. On the night in ques tion witness was preceding Miss Clarke, the governess, and deceased up stairs, when she heard a supernatural scream to imitate a " ghost." - Deceased gave a scream—like a laugh—and fell. Witness believed she fell upon the stairs. De ceased had been bleeding from the nose dur ing the day. A. doctor was sent for. Wit ness said that Emma Frisley, the nursery governess, came to the door of the bath room in her night-dress as a joke. Wit ness would swear none of the other servants were in the secret. Emma Frisley, nursery governess, said that she made her appearance in white merely to frighten the persons going up stairs. The other servants knew nothing of her intention. She told deceased that "she was very sorry that she had so seriously frightened her. The whole affair was a frolic out of her own head. Nr Waller said that from what could be ascertained the "ghost" 'was not pre ' arranged by the other servants. ; Mr A. Catterwood, surgeon, said that he was called in to deceased, and found her suffering from loss of blood, from nausea, sleeplessness, and want of appetite. Latterly she became affected in her mind. She would not look at witness, nor answer when spoken to. He believed she ' died from an obscure -affection of the brain, conjoined;with hysteria. Her death was decidedly accelerated by the fright. The coroner said that the fact of dressing up as a ghost was very foolish and very dangerous. In several cases it produced idiocy, and in the present instance it caused death. It was but right to consider, however, .that the young woman who caused the mischief did not intend anything serious, and that she was evidently sincerely sorry for her folly. No doubt this case would act as a warning to young persons, and in that way-do a public good. The jury returned a verdict of death from obscure disease of the brain and hysteria, accelerated by a' fright, and ] that her said death was caused by mis fortune.— -Dispatch. 