AMEEICA. PROGRESS OF THE CIVIL WAR. We are indebted to Captain Jewel, of the barque Amateur, for San Francisco paper* to the 25lh of April. The telegraphic news from Washington and New Y6ik, via California, comes down to the 23rd, being nine days' later than our last advices by the English, mail. Adverling-to the aspect of affairs, in relation to the approaching (struggle in Virginia — ior which the contending parties were mustering their forcet — the Evening Bulletin of the 23rd rcmarkB : — V-ry naturally the loyal people of the States grow nervouh as the cr. i&is; approaches. They expect to hear soon the cresh cf conflicting armies. More than ever befoie, since the -war began, the fateof the Confederacy snd the prospf cts of peace seem to hang on the issue of the next pieat battle. It is ameng the possibilities that the collision may come andpss?, and neither party be' family aflected by it. Should the armies of Grant and Lee, Thomas snd JohD6tm meet and the result be no victory for the TMon, -while it would produce great political cemmoiion vnd, perhaps, pitch overboard sime officers who stem to stand firmly on their fe-et now, ye1 no one dream6 that in the woret imaginable evint the Government would rt treat from its determi nmion to fight the thing through to final success, or, that if the Government faltered, the people would not Mive the Administration its walking papers, and re place it with a fiimer and still more warlike one. Pomibly we have rot allowed enough for the pluck nnd endurance of the rebels — postibly the loss of Richmond nnd of the interior of Georgia would not cause the Confederacy to roll ita belly up towards the tun and give up the ghost. The Confederacy is a monster among Governments, and it is exceedingly, difficult when you calth a fith the like of which never before swam, to tell where its scat cf life is. . Thin snomalouB concern which, starting on and never forsaking its ftith in slavery as a divine institu tion, ytt wi h tlttvtry a putrifying corpse at its fest, figViU now (or ifcc personal liberty oC its leaders, has ctrtBinly a strange temeity of life. A. highly organ iced animal generally dies when its heart is pierced — thi* concern more fespmbliB that specieB of tortoise whose jiws snap maliciously e\en after its heart is chojipid fine and. iB pone with its tenderer parts t» swell the ample pioportion of some fat alderman. Hut evtn tlw snapping- turtle abates his vigour and gives up trying to Jive when you have turned all his uesh into tuu|- uid pounded his htui flat. That is whnt Grant is preparing to do, and what he is ex pected to do to the Confederacy as the season advances. Ko one in trie country has studied more nractitully the strength and weakness of the Con federacy ttan Grant. He knows what limbs are already dead, what need one more stab to paralyse them, to what q natters the vitality is fled, and be tween what ribs to 6trike to reach and spill it. He has bound les» resources of men and materials to do his wrrk with. It would he no strance thing if by the Fourth of July the war were subetantially ended. Of course it cannot be unless the cam paigns cow organising are successful, and as uo mortal has powtr to predict the issues of even the most pronuitig campaign, and as the event of every ba'tle depends more or less upon influences be \ond riumnn control, there in an unusual nervousness felt as to the tvent especially of the next Virginia carnpnign. Bankh1 set-back on tbe Red Riyer was a very serious thing for tbe General commanding, and its cost was great in lives and nmi.itions i.{ war. Any defeat is sincerely to be regretted, yet the success of Banks' expedition to Texas, however desirable, is not vital. It was ui dcrthken rather as a supplement to last year's programme — a concluding essay of the anaconda policy than as any portion of this spring's plan, which, aims at the centre to etab rather than by winding around the circumference to crush. Nor is it yet settled, bad as our men were handled there, that the rebels did not suffer about £6 much ; nor that Banks' expedition is more than temporarily checked. The rebels feel the necessity of some demonstra tion in North Carolina. Governor Vance not only fears the consequent of permitting the men of his State to meet in convention, but dare not even allow the Legislature an extra session lest the represen tatives of the people bolt from the Confederacy. The prospect of meBgre crops, threats of instant starvation, exorbitant prices, and an utter diegust with Jeff Davit,' tyranny and the war that has come of it, make North Carolina a broken bone in'the side of the Con federacy. Satisfied that &he; will not be quiet unless there is some show of relief for her, the rebels lately made a desperate effort to expel the Union troops from near the mouth of the Roanoke river, but were repulsed with great slaughter. The Governments of the loyal Western. Border States arc taking step« to defend their territory from, the inroads of such raidsters as Forrest. They pro pose a plan which will call off none of the veterans needed in the great armies of Grant. They ask the President to call out 100,000 'volunteers from, their Slates. Whether complied with or not, the request shows a gratifying disposition on the put of the States to leave their veto ans where the greatest need oi them, it, and to defend by other means their homes threat ened with invasion. On the whole, though no unmistakable movement toward a collision hw yet been made in Virginia, there is renewed activity along all our lines, and there are abundant symptoms thai the great end bloody struggle on which so much, depends is not long to be postponed. The following are the united Press telegrams from, the seat of war, which to quote chiefly from the Weekly Bulletin: — New York, April 16. A Harrisburg despatch eavs there is considerable excitement relative to the proposed transfer of tbe seat of Government to Philadelphia. A committee of the City Council of Philadelphia «rc urging the passage of the bill, offering, if mcessary, 6,000,000 dollars for the erection of a new State Capitol in that city. The Confederate conscription has been suspended in the First Congressional District rf North Carolina, and en amnesty was offered to all North Carolinians who are or have been in the Federal service. Tbe Tribune's Army of the Potomac despatch says a majority of the sutlcis, and other citizecs, have left for Washington. An accession of three or four bri gades to the enemy 's force, opposite Racoon Ford, is reported on pood authority. The World's special says, several deserters belonging to a New England regiment, escaped during the recent ftorm. The army ie being constantly reinforced by the ar rival LfveteranB. Three brigades of General Getty's division of the Fourth Corps h&ve; been reviewed, and other reviews and drills are in active progress through out the entile army. The Herald's special from Alexandria, Va.f the 16tb, says this morning Mosby, at the head of 509 rtbel cavalry, made hiB appearance on die line of the Orange nnd Alexandria railroad, near Bristol Station, and suddenly took by surprise the patrol for the pro tection of that road between that place and Manassas. Twenty to twenty-five soldiers were captured. The rebels went away in the direction of Fredericksburg. A Washington special says : Having left the Army of the Potomac thre morning, I speak knowingly of the prospects of the roads, which are so dried as to allow the freest locomotion, and there is nothing to binder an eBily movement, the streams have assumed their wonted dimensions, and the roads are passable to Bay the least. ... ,. The reason gi,ven on the street for the rapid decline in gold yesterday, ie that Secretary Chase had sold from £400,000 to £800,000, sterling exchange. Near York, April 17. The Richmond Examiner has a rumour that Bum side's forces were landing at Newport News. The tame paper places the strength of Great's army at 44,000 infantry, and says 20,000 teinfotoements will .-£*y be the extent of bis present resource!. .-';/' New York, April 18. The Herald's army despatch states that General Eilpatrick left for 'Washington, and will thence pro ceed to Nashville to report to General Sbermtn, for the command, of the cavalry of the Army of the Cum* httlMd, * * ? 