TO A. DISCERNING i' i; i: LTD Per favour of the Yass Courier. It is sum by some that the government of a country is the archetype of the people, but, however that may be in some instances, it is libellous as applied to the intelligent portion of the eommuuitv of ,Nc\v South Wales. The religious, the civil and political characteristics of the people are certainly indicative of the propensity, or bias, to initiate and support a modo of government exactly in sem blance of the sentiments evoked either by a lii'di or low pressure of civilisation. The executive' proficiency is not to be estimated by the ability, or the integrity, or the delinquency of tho incumbents in oilico, but from tho source from which they emanate ; if that source bo corrupt, we mav anti cipate a stream of impurity. Here tho Ministry and the Parliament are nearly both comprised of men who obtrudo themselves upon tho public with a view to personal advantage. Scan their antece dents—their past and proscnt — the predominant disposition of tho men of cither body, and you will deduce this inference, that some of them are poli tical charlatans, and all of them political adven turers. The Treasury has .become a political lottery. True; indeed, there are somo blanks, but then there are many prizes, and amidst tho dupli city and tergiversation to obtain the latter, tho strife and contention displayed reminds one of a political pandemonium, a disgrace and a maledic tion to any deliberate assombly. Amidst all this din and cenfusion and struggling for tho good things in esse and posse the people have to pay tho fiper. With tho coolest impudcnco and noneha- ance tho Minister sits at bis bureau, and, if inci dentally intruded on, manipulates a lew papers and looks for all the world as if he wore hard worked, all the timo busy about doing nothing, except, perhaps, calculating upon the next pay-day, or the chances, in prospective, of benefiting hv sumo scheme or job. Y'ou are not to believe that the contention for place and power is a mere in centive for salary alone; oh. no! there are attach ed to olliee many good windfalls, of wail's, or what most servants, except public ones, call perquisites ; those goo l things attached to a good salary, make it, very desirable for a needy man to become a Minister of Slate ; and, although State-aid is with hold from the ministers of religion, it would he an a :t of sacrilege to withhold it from the minister of a certain personage of satanie notoriety, who now neglects his zealous adherents. Something very much in the shape of a sham h is been accorded to the country under the name of responsible govern ment, literally, accountable govern. nent ; meaning. I suppose, that the Ministers shall be aceouatuble to tlio Parliaiua.it, and the Parliament to the people. Now. if' the Ministers bribe tlio Parlia ment, the Parliament' will of e mrsc screen the Ministers and o outlive at their delinquencies, ex emplifying the old adage that the receiver is as great a rogue as tiie thief, whilst the people are denied the alternative of setting a thief to eateli a thief. Lt is an axiom ofYiolitiea! economists that all authority is delegated from the many to the few, but in this country the axiom appears to lie reversed — how long it is so to continue, or whether it is to be perpetuated, is a consideration which is left to tin: intelligence of those whom L have the honour of addressing to decide. \Vhcn an antidote can he applied, the suTerer must.' stultify himself in neglecting the application. Just so relative to the maladministration which the people have had long to endure. The remedy will he in their own hands so soon as a dissolution takes place : then will lie the time and opportunity of redressing our griev ances by a determined resolution to abjure the prin ciples of corrupt government by discarding the mer cenary abettors of peculation and arbitrary power. By initiating triennial Parliaments, and ..compelling the public servants to be accountable for every item of receipt and expenditure, you may then be enabled to reap the benefit in all its integrity of responsible government. 1 am at a loss to conceive what else responsible government can possibly mean than that of being responsible to the people fur every farthing which' is filched from their pockets. One of the items of chicanery which can not be too minutely scrutinised is that of pro pounding mid aggregating the estimates. In the lessor departments every item is eileiilnted from the salary of the highest to the lowest clerk — mes sengers, doorkeepers, Ae. ; but in the higher de partments tlie sums are aggregated, and no detail. YVlio knows whether the money is applied respoc- tivo'y to the purposes for which it is granted. Are there no linn /iir/s, or py/'i/e/.vi'/e.v, or xitr/ilus ; if then: be, or if there bo not. tlio public are kept in profound ignorance. And, then, again, what is called the. supplementary estimates. What in Heaven's name does it mean. Cannot all the esti mates be scheduled under one category, clearly, perspicuously, and honestly ? No ; intricacy made mare intricate precludes the possibility of detection, and leaves a very large margin for misappropria tion, or fraud. W hat a smile of self-gratulation comes across the saturnine features of the Minister when they are satisfactorily disposed of. There are many reforms to be accomplished before you attain the desideratum of accountable government ; amongst the least conspicuous is that of centralisa tion . centralisation is the hot-bed of corruption ; there tlio vermin of impurity undergoes a species of incubation— there the Minister concocts his projects of patronage— then: tlie foul system radi cates and branches, and, like the upas tree, emits it?, poison far and near to all within I ho circuit of its paralysing influence — there the Ministerial ser pent coils himself ready for a spring, nnd with fascinating allurement, attracts its victim within its folds. Genlralisation is the entrenchment in which the Minister is secure, and from whenu i ho dis charges his missiles directed with ii 'crring aim, and lie exclaims, with Giusar " i<r.ni, villi, wW." Pa tronage is the weapon which the Minister .success fully wields, and centralisation tlio arena and stronghold of his triumphs. Is tlieru a possibility of drawing llm reptile's fangs, or of disarming the monster of his weapons ? Y'os ; out oil' tlio sup plies and the enemy surrenders at discretion. Arouse tliu country to a sense of its degradation ami you evoke a power that neither patronage or a Minister 'can withstand. Let every district, by petition, or through its representatives, urge the right of dimming its own local affairs by appointing by vote by ballot its own magistrates, "stipendiary, or otherwise ; tlio management and supervision of its gaols and the appendages thereto, and roads and bridges — in fact, everything appertaining to the economy and well-being of tlio district. A committee, or directory, should be established, by vote, in ouch district, to initiate tlio public works, and the disbursements tieeossary thereto be charged on the public treasury. Tlius, it will be perceived that by easy but determined efforts, the Government may be deprived of a vast ileal of that patronage which lias been exclusively used to re tain men in power whose only inducement is that of self-aggrandisement at tlie' expense of the middle and labouring classes of the community. A few words relative to voting by ballot. It was intended by the legislature to exclude undue inlluorice, and to enable the voter to exercise bis franelii.se con scientiously and fearlessly, innpprohensive of any future eoulingnneo. Tlie system of what is called canvassing precludes the possibility of so doing. A man has no more tlio privilege of soliciting another's vote than lie has to insist on his changing his place of worship. It is a spooios of political prosulytism. The Minister's tariff has undergone an eventful birtli'unil a premature death ; poor de formed bantling, its features were so hideous and distorted, and its vital powers so prostrated, that, on its transition from the heated temperature of the Assombly to tlm colder one of tlio Council, it gave up the ghost, and died of convulsions in tlie arms of that experienced nihil skilful accoucheur-, Di'. Flunket, who is so eminently distinguished in eases of politico litsux untune, (in careful exami nation it was discovered that the nursling had been suffering from tlio effects of spasms, but its death was imputed to strangulation ; its incon solable parents and kindred have assumed the deepest mourning, and it is rumoured that they anticipate shortly the breaking up of the establish ment. However the Council are constituted, they are worthy of commendation by having initiated the prelude. to reform, .and limiting the Minister to tlie present resources of revenue, which can bo made efficient 'only by retrenchment. The Minis ters have harnessed themselves, and have under taken a task front which they cannot recede or escape, except by resignation, and it/is problem atical, it it wcro desirable, that they should ro- eign. Let them be goaded on until the people ob tain their quid pro quo, — that amount of retrench ment and renunciation of patronage wliieh will unequivocally prove the advent of better things under tlio auspices of an uncorruptive parliament and the ministration of an intelligent and en lightened and honest government.0 The even tuality of accountable government depends no longer on time and circumstance, or n parliament, or a ministry, hut on the determination and patriotism of the constituencies. When they fail in their duty it becomes an evident indication that tho country is incapablo of appreciating free in- stitUfciona. Of one thing the public may be assured, that when Mr. James Mariin betrays symptoms of obstinacy it is not to be mistaken for ability ; as a public man, in efficiency and despatch, he is far inferior to Jack Kotch. I am. yours obediently, NEMO. Nungus, March 7th. / 