SOUTH AUSTRALIA. We have one day s later news from bouUi Aus tralia—to the 13th inst. We take the following from the Register of that date : — The Criminal Sittings. —The Criminal Sittings closed on Friday, 11th February. Lavinia Salmon was acquitted of a charge of arson. Goodman Hart was convicted of a charge of removing, concealing, and embezzling £3000 and upwards, with intent to defraud his creditors, and was sentenced to threo years' imprisonment with hard labor, his Honor holding out hopes of mitigation of the sentence by the Government if the prisoner exerted himself to wind up his affairs iu insolvency. During the trial the prisoner's counsel (Mr Stow) raised an objection on the opinion expressed in a judgment of his Honor that the Parliament of South Australia not being legally constituted, its enactments were invalid, and consequently there was no. force in tho Insolvent Act under 'which the prisoner was indicted. His Honor remarked that his opinion had been overruled ; but he still thought it was a point which_ might with great advantage be submitted for decision to the judicial committeo of tho Privy Council. Cor nelius Lyons was convicted of a charge of forging and uttering, and sentenced to two years' imprison ment with hard labor. A blackfellow named Mic culta, committed on a charge of murdering an abori ginal nativo boy at Mount Wedge, was brought up ; but as the depositions had not arrived, his trial was postponed until the next sittings. The SraiAii Jeiian Insurance Case. — It will be in the recollection of our commercial readers that tho Schah Jeliau stranded and was scuttled at Wal laroo in June, 1862. The vessel was insured for £1500 in tho New South Wales Marine Insurance Company, and for a like amount in tho Australian General Assurance Company. The owners of the Schah Jehan claimed from each company on t'aeir policies the sum of £919 83 lid. Tho companies contested the owners' claim on the ground that the damage did not arise from any cause protected by their policies ; in other words, that tho exceptionof ' bar harbors and open roadsteads' in the policy nullified the claim, as they denied that Wallaroo was a port. Less energetic men might havo shrunk from contesting tho point with two wealthy compa nies ; but Messrs Cleland, Dnflield andHarrold, the owners of the Schah Jehan determined to assert their rights. Legal proceedings wero commenced against the companies, expensive commissions is sued, and at length the cause was set down for trial in respect of one claim, the ortiei company agreeing to abide tho result of that ease. Mr Bruce, solicitor, of the firm of Stow and Bruce, started for Sydney to watch the case for the owners ; but information has, sinco his departure, been received that the de fence has been withdrawn, and of course judgment with costs must go for tlio claimants. Distressing OccunuENCE. — Tho intelligence of the doatli, apparently from poison, of Mr A. J. Pol lock, formerly secretary of the Duryea Mining Com pany, and subsequently holding a responsible ap pointment in tho office of Mr E. W. Wright, agent for tho Imperial Fire Office, caused much concern in tho city, on Friday morning. Dr. Woodforde commenced holding an inquest in tho afternoon, at which the following facts were elicited It appears that shortly beforo ten o'clock on Thursday, Mr Pol lock withdrew with Mr E. W. Wright into his pri vate room, where, in a very wild and excited manner, ho told him I10 had deceived him (Mr Wright) to tho amount of £200. Mr Wright begged liim°to collect himself, and no doubt the accounts would be found correct. He, however, continued his protestations of unfaithfulness, and his manner became oven more wild, and ho hinted at suicide. Mr Wright then sent him for tho accountant, and left the office. On his return ho found that Mr Pollock had not been back ; but in the afternoon he received a letter from him, containing references to his family, praying for the Lord's mercy, and warning persons in responsible situations against procrastination and concealment. It seems that, after leaving the office, the deceased went to North Adelaide, whore, at the shop of Mr H. Watson, chemist, he purchased several drugs, in cluding 1 07, of laudanum. Very littlo more trans pired with reference to his proceedings until night, when ho went to tho Royal Oak Hotel, North Ade laide, where, about eight o'clock, he was taken ill, became unconscious, and died suortiy Deiore nine o'clock. All the medicines supplied by Mr Watson wore found niion him except the laudanum, which was missing. The liquid drugs had green paper round tho bottles, which corresponded with a piece of paper picked up at the Wellington Inn, whore it was said the deceased was seen subsequently to being at Mr Watson's shop, and which, it is sup posed, surrounded thephial containing tholaudanuin. Dr. Wyldo, who visited the deceased on the pre vious evening, could not state positively whether death resulted from narcotic poison or from apoplexy. Tho coroner directed a post mortem examination and an analysis of the contents of the stomach to be made, and thon adjourned the inquest until this morning at eleven o'clock. Scarlatina in Ballaarat. — Wo regret to hear that Mr M'Dermott, the barrister, has been com pelled, by severe domestic affliction, to absent him self from professional duties for a while. _No fewer than four of his children have been ill with scarla tina, and yesterday one died, whilo one or more of the others were yesterday in a very dangerous state. This visitation is the more painful as previously there had boen four deaths in tho learned gentle man's family. — Ballaarat Star, February 19. The Ballaarat Chamber or Commerce Stuck up for Eighty Pounds. — Eighty pounds sterling is the bete noil' of the rather celebrated Ballaarat Cham ber of Commerce. Eighty pounds ' sterling cannot bo raised by the mercantile interest of tho metropolis of tho gold-fields to pay its way, and keep a room for its Chamber of Commerce to meet in. At least this seems to bo the position of affairs, for a special meet ing of members was called for last evening, as the chamber is in peril of an action for £80 'duo to its secretary, and in imminent dangor of being turned bodily and ignominiously out of its placo of meeting. Only seven gentlemen assembled at the meeting, and their wail was most plaintive, the only relief to, the dolors of the conferonco being an occasional symp tom of mutual roeriuiinatioii veering near, now and then, to mutual 'chaffing.' ' It is only two pound ten a piece' said one of -tlio most animated 'of tho lachrymose synod, but still the tormenting SysiphuB of eighty pounds rolled back upon the imaginations of the auditors, aud tho getting out of debt was per tinaciously regarded as a contingency of extremo doubtfulness. As a sort of forlorn hope, the meet ing at length appointed itself a committee to go round and got contributions' in aid of tho terrible eighty pounds sterling or ' two pound ten a-picco,' and the committee is to report to the next meeting, or probably to itself, if all tho seven can ever bo got together again. This is tho aspect of things with tlio chamber at present, and wa presume iliat if a chamber of commerco is wanted in Ballaarat, there is enough of money and spirit among the niercantilo citizens of the town to save the moribund-body from; absolutely giving np tho ghost. — Ballaarat Star, ' Fcbrury 17. More Incendiarism. — ' On Thursday morning week, about two o'clock, a firo broko out on the property of Mr Robert Kirkpatriok, which, I am happy to say, was quickly extinguished, tnanits to tho workmen about tho place. Messrs M'Queon's steam thrashing machine was at work all day. At I night overy care was taken to see that tho firo of the engine was properly put out. Mr Kirkpatriok saw all the men into their beds, and thought all safo for tlio night. As tho engine was standing east and west, the wind was blowing from tho south-west, which shows that if there had been any firo left in tho engino it was impossiblo it could come up against tho wind. About two o'clock in the morning a rust ling noiso of lire was hoard by the engine-driver, who quickly called out for liolp. The men jumped out of bed in their shirts, and after a hard struggle succeeded iu mastering tho firo. If they had not, tho whole premises must havo gono. There were about one thousand bushels of oats and twenty tons of hay on the ground — Bteam machine, hotel, and all must have gone. It is tho general belief that somo spiteful person had set tho placo on tiro. Mr Kirk pati'ick and Messrs M'Qncen Brothers havo offered £10 oach as a reward. I bcliovc £20 will cover the damage done. Surely we ought to be entitled to one policeman in this district. When wo want to see nny of tho Government officials wo have to go eight miles. I think it is ubont time that wc had some of. the Government supernumeraries in this district.' — Correspondent Ballaarat Star, February l'J. 