OF THE MAD R A B WITH THE MAY MAILS -1 FROM In order to accomodate our country subscribers, and others, who have not the opportunity of ; seeing thehome journals, we have"... compiled:; th"e;:fo'llow ing summary of the most/inte resting items of intelligence, as found in the leading -British and foreign papers : i home tale:.; ; V: \; (From the Honie News.) ' May 26. Our talk in London, for the last week or fortnight has, of , course, "been quadrupedal, asi will easily be imagined by any < one who happens to recollect; that yesterday was the Derby) Day. I might almost' say that the clubs become a nuisance at; the time of the great British; festival, for the talk gets so; terriblv "1 horsey.' - *Even the;) quiet'men, and those who know; nothing more about a- race than.;: thatitis a feat performed by a cer-| tain number of well-bred horses; in the presence of an uncertain,. number of "men, who,' '.forithe' most part are ill-bred, sh&fe; the excitement, just 'as 'Diogenes' rolled his - . tub under:rthe>riiH fluence of the general agitation.; Moreover, these quietists are usually moved . to put.. down their names for the sweepstakes,' and though.; they "d° npt care , what * horse - wins- ■ (supposing their own .draw .has no chance,1 as usually happens), they have strong hopes and fears as to what man on the club list may obtain the prize; It is aggra-1 gating to see the two or three hundred pounds go to some very rich fellow, who doesn't want the • money - at all, bi Lo . some hungry, unpopular,, snarl- . ing. man; who • wants it. very much indeed, and in the ab sence of -.extreme ; cases, it is: matter pf growl whenu the luck goes to somebody/who seldom, comes near -the club, and "whose name is unknown to the mai-i jority of members. To one of these three classes," the winning horse, is generally: thrown, ana then men; ; declare they never ■will put .ill. .again, .and they never- do - imtilrrnthe3/-following" May. All our •' discussions ancL apprehensions are of course now oyer, ;: Mr.,JW\7l'Ansoii's horse,; named Blair- Atliol, having: -yes-v ..terday. won tliei, D^rjb^for ;1854. -Circumstances oyer v^hich I' had no control, k'aiidV.|i?iyi' Tfespected medical attendah4,,;.liad ~ not •much, prevented my attending the race, (butj" having read the' Derby,, literature.3 forj;;the;- last quarter of a century, I con scientiously allege, in any form, presc&be;?d:^% of Par : liamentifor, the abolishing need leiss'1 affidavits, and- substituting: declarations in .lieu ,thereof,. that I do' not believe that a single^ atom of new descriptive matter-; in regard_t()_„thj£race'or-its in cidents can be supplied by tile. most. imaginative.reporter that, can be* sent,'to. /Epsprhi r, A'.. Frenchman ; might - do 'it, • or a J"apanese j Ambassador,-or an American,5 but; I am, unhappily, neither of the; three. We were" talking--"of Gail-1 baldi! wheii I -last wrote, but that subject is -how.; forgotten,' of course.'• The persons who were ■ disa]pxiomteli'; ^that tlie- ^ipperx classes * took < the-great Italian into. their care, dicl theiir utmost • to get up " a disturbance • about his going away without visiting the provinces,"-but no sensation could be created. A meeting on Primrosb^Hill, witli whi£h they supplemented, the -glantmg. of the Shakspeare oak, was, as: I mentioned, dispersed by the • police; but: Government r'Teiy: j sensibly allowed another to be holden, .and, -it went off in • smoke. A deputation: went to scoldGladstone for' his part. in the dismissal of Garibaldif" but ,his v exquisite ' courtesy and elaborated precision* of' explan ation,. with a^ sarcasm so well « veiled that it could not be. made J matter of offence, were too much for the accusers,' and they re-• tired grumbling out a sort of satisfaction, at which Mr Glad stone declared liimself delighted beyond measure. Garibaldi was taken away in the Duke of Sutherland's yacht, and a Mayor and the Aldermen of the place when he departed, were broken hearted, for they had prepared the usual onslaught, but were told that the wind was too good to be lost for the' sake of their platitudes. He is now safe in Caprera. Oardi al Wiseman bas emitted a pastoral, in which he alludes to:. GaribaLdi's expressed ad miration for the French, Re volution, and its adoration of the Goddess of Reason ; (an unlucky lapsus pernios, cer tainly), and asks what must the Ghurch of Engiand'3be when many of its dignified clergy were seen shaking hands with a man who had .av .'.wed such sentiments. The Cardi nal is a very smart person — too smart, I fa^c •, to be made Pope in place of his present Holiness, whose successor it is said tl at it has been.„neces sary to select. , - ; The Queen is in the High lands. . I have neither inten tion nor de.^i re; to say1 in or e up6n a^isagree^ble-' subj ect: than is necessary, but having undertaken to.report { what is said,'. I. carr hardly 'avoidsa re -. ference to .the. matter. . Ther«v is no.doubt that' tile"view's and! wishes <3I, her Majesty, in re-; ference;to th e- Dano-German! v-ar, are those which might be expected from the daughter., widow, 'and mother-in-law of German royalty. These vievvsj and wishes are not those, of the Heir Apparent, the 'hus band of a• Danish;prince?s, nor are'HKey thos?. of the majority; of the peo[ le. But.that, is aU that ought .'to be said upon, tliej subject." . Fnglishmen have their own.: fee lings",. but are perfectly able \o make allo^ ances for • the feelings - of others,, and especially for thofe "Jof a 'Sovereign",- wh.o from "the'imbtiient of her ac-; cessicn'hns deserved and ob tained our best affections? Were the Queen to come among: the people-»;to^mprro^ he^.,reception would ..*1% one of tine most unbounded loyalty; notwith st ar»dins;.^tliat most :of us wish that should hostilities succeedriiie expiry of the aruiisti^Vithe "Prussian army may receive a defeat, and the Austrian shipsbea?ain worsted We do not parade bur loyalty, except upon rare occasions, Ir-t wek-epit, and do not allow accidents to interfere wifli it That the Prince -.of Wales should be all on the side of hTsr~pr,ihcess's" family-""is""" as natural) and more gratifying. By the! way, his royal high ness ha|s inaugurated his pub lic cireer by takingthe chair a;, the banquet of the Literary Fund, and_ by delivering a very frech and pleasant speech, viderif ly of his own corapos insc; in which he paid a grace ful _tribute_ to the late Mr Thackeray (of wbo=e works lie is- understood'to be a sincere admirer), and in. which, in a iouchingly frank manner, he regretted that "all his own father's speecbeshad not been fully reported. i \- The - London " season is well on, and one is' reminded of Sir G Corhewall Lewis's speech, worthy; of Rochefoucauld, that ilife would be very^ tolerable, :but for its ^pleasures:" -Every .body..,, is everywhere, But either there is -so much talk" •that; there is no. time for con versation, or there is an ab sence of salient" topics,for If have seldom known a:May in. which there has". beeir_less to Ld:scass.- sWft have liad some, tremendously hot weather^ which ;came all of a sud eiy and the glass in the sun was at 110 degrees, and for aboiit a; vv.eek this created a reaL sensation, but some fierce ,thunderstorms have cleared the atmosphere, and we are no .w almost cold again. I do not" know*whether the habit of talking! meteorology, whe^n friends "meetf : Has~gone to -A"u§-i tralia with oi her ;aceomplisli mehts,' but," if so, .you can un derstand ' the advantage of these changes, to our^ cdnVerA* sationists. What else do j people talk about ? Let me' see. Well, T dined out two or three days ago, (or I might have been able to go t *> the, Derby) and I had the' ad van- | tage of sitting next to a very charming lady, who knew every thing, at least, and. told me most of it. She sad, among' a thousand and one ! other things, that it was all .very1 well to talk (and it is, if !you can talk as she did) but that JLord Palmerston was by jnbi means so strong as it was the thing to say, that though he had occasionally capital fits and' !sta'rts of Parliamentary energy, he was b*' no means up .to his work, and that he ouglitto - take, care of hi mself. At the same time, she said, l^ghiag^^tliat. .J though. she would" not say whether she wasT'or 'wasn't^ & bit of a be lieverin the-,supernatural, she did not think' that: the phos phoric ;ap pearahces which have been so much talked about, as having been seeri in' the sheet of water.at'ihisi placeBrocket Hallv :£liad ; any significance. But he would to have give.-:up hard work;- ;:anjMet-, us hav'e a new. Premier very soon.; Ah ? But who is to be'the new man ? Well, gentlemen must settle that, poori women knew no thing,, but did I know that Mr. Gladstone had gone out of his >v.ay ;r,foc,. ,nothingvi ?; ;;,;;^TM's;lrer; ferr'ed to a .speech which ;Mr.; tGladstone has astonished the \v9rld. with, one, in >yhich. he declared that the < -time had come |or:-extending the suf frage vttfftbe^working classes,! and in which he gave his sap-1 pork to a bill for reducing; borough voters from £10 to £6./) - Well^-Mr Gladstone was a veryAclever and a very am-, bitioLis man,-- and if he:. saw! that "the" Tories: who have won a great w&ny; elections ' and think.., they "can oast " the Cabinet, would make their rush, he intended to hoist the. Radical flag, and have a Ministry ot his own. Here, and leaving you to imagine that at this moment the - whitebait interruptet usj I may-mention that I pnt this suggestioix of my accompii- h ed friend's to a man who supposes bimself to be in the enjoyment of full Ministerial confidence, and I am bound to say that he dpesr pick up . some Nearly facts. He as-ertedthat the Chancellor of the Exchequer had,..por.siiqHLsjelfish ideas, and that,-he--was feeling the ice ; 'fo'FMs^oirCagii^sV^fro w. uld not be-indisposed to flay a reform trump,-if their op ponents': hand pr y. d very strong. , ... Anyhow, .Mr Glad st.onejs- speech has. caused a great agitation, and the ultras^ have h<Td • meetings, a:id pro claimed ' h s as their own, 'Oxford -is,-yery wrathful; a- d; advi-es him to try Finsbury} at the next election, as Isis blushes .^behind her veil for' her ~on.-e favorite ,son. But: leaving that:, lady, let-me re turn to mine, who .further in'-, formed me : — That botli . .the opera,s are veryndul^ this*' yje^.&nd; that: the director3v;;Q*iight.: to bk made to bri^g ouL something n w, instead, of perpetually | giving- mu'-iio-of which-every school-g.irlvknows.every, note 'Th st Herr Waoh'tel,;with^ his OW ' firework note, is a mere imposition,; and caa't. sing' at all. That- Mario is, of course, delightful, :when he can do bis work, but he is always breaking down, and takes no care of. hirhself.., That cer tainly;- he, has learned Eaust. but how has lie learned it, and yotj;ean ot say that he has mastered the . part, and how should he? He ha-the music at;home,,and now and then ha looks at.it, smoking his dread- * :ful'. cigars, and then his sing-; rincr.-master, comea. and makes' ■ n • him,know some of it, more or. jl^ss as the. case may'be, and ■: ofiener' 'less than more, and r he comes .out, and if* he hap- " -pens to be in tolerable voice : that night, things go pretty well. But he will not know the part* until be1 lias sung it ;tbroQg.h;two seasons, and then,, if be' has' a voicp,;-it;will - be" ; eh-irming; ,but; meantime the: ' world goes round. As for ] Patti, she "Is very clever,, no . doubt, and her popularity is extraordinary, but so was that Picoolomini, who used to come up to a note, and if she did not like it, would jump over it, like a horse over a five-barred gate. Bat she was not a great artist, and her voice had been worked much too hard. Who el?e was t '.ere to talk about ? And as if things were not dull enough, we were to have Ficlelio. (Lovely music, I humbly in terpolated.) Why, it was Beethoven, and it wai not the thing to bs profane, but wasn't it dull ? And at Co vent garden, there was nothing but ringing the changes on tha Prophet, Robert, and the Hugue nots: Here I would have an in nings, and spoke of the death of Meyerbeer, the grandest composer of. the day. Very well, no doubt, we have bad enough of the' old works. ^ Where was his Africaine, "wlvch has be^n promised for the last ten years ? Why was it not brought out at once, and not at at the fag-end of the season, when everybody was out of town 3 • f course, one must1 go to the Opera, but never .were subscribers so ill-trea ed, and: next y-iar nobody would" subscribe at all. Here came some tr'ont, wiih iced- sauce, and w^.dropped-the musicians. i Buti I had . much.. more to be told-, and inter alia. •' ; ri hat it was quite 'right of Lord de Grey to make an ex ample of the. ¥/ar- ofE'ce clerks, . wh o play ed. chicken -hazard in • office hours. It was very; hard / of co urs e, npon men' who; :had risen t9 the head" of their! .department, and/were'"unfit; lor other employment, that! they should be turned out, I and lose the benefit of; the! fund.; But aa severe example! wis wanted, for there were; hundre 's of young men', of tolrable priaciples", but not; very strong- minds. v.:ho. thought it was fine to imitate: their'superiors/and who m'ght, take "to gamble,,, and,'br'mg! themselves:and their familie^ to ruin. (Something might bei d on e, by and •• by/ fo r t her m eni who hid been turn,ed'out, but all mothers-mast be indebted to Lord de Grey for • having read the les?o(n. Besides, it was'.' such a -temptation . to wrong the cour/ry. A man who-is in an office of trust'mu°t hear things which it might be worth many- a .person's while; to pay for knowing (for in-! stance, she had ; know some-1 body who had sren (the: whole! ,;ude;et before 'it came out,) and su pose a gambler chose to • make • up -his !lo:-ses by letting a - secret be known in cer airi quarters. • I said that I did: not;'believe*. tliese latter considerations actuated her at al! ;■ women cart'd nothing about the public, but; she was think} mg of-her own two!"- elegant sons, who were both in Go vernment emplDy.. . Hence arose a sli -lit -coolness, which lastf d until i the dessert, when we •beoa-me once mote friends, an d Theard'that .the A cadeiriy exh bition was -rathe r.be Iter than usual, but /there was no picture of mark (and I knew, but schooled by experience, did not say that} this ■ meant that there was ; no vulgar, literal,! painting of something every, body • had seen, and therefore crowded to - see on canvas, unti a policeman was' needful to compel circulation);; that there were tw.o.ourangr o'.itangs at the Zoological gardens, but bad . specimens hot worlh showing; that if I had not heard anythiqgabout a divorce which was . sjo n'g to set every body "talking, she was not to be the,:first to tell me of it, (she- did; later) ; thai Mr. Lisraeli. had re published his : youthful" Revolutionary Epio/'-.'do.' defiance., of people who sakl-he - had- advocate'' tyrannicide,. .'but' that" he had all er.ed" the .objectionably pas =ageu-into •; perfect;harmless nessj but she had. read the first number of Mr. Dicken'ir new story, but could not m ike upvher. mind,.whether .it was %o'wg-< to:-'inlerest,'her or not but that if^'Mr. Troliope har lever drawn any character but Lily 'Dale ' he ought .to be im m >rtal, only tHe end of the ! book was so unsatisfactory;! tnat she seldom went- to a j theatre, because they ran pieces for two years, but that the two or three novelties had all been bad, ana .Mr Sothern's Garrick was a sad descent from his Dundreary; that these Greenwich dinners were a great deal too long (pleasant for me), but th^t, now. thank gracious, they were going to get up - that we were not to smoke too much, and that the carriages were ordered at 10 o'clock. Really, I do not know that there is much to add this time to the information which I received under the circum stances mentioned. Shall I say that a book is in the press which will have great interest beth for us and for you, the Diary of Mr Stuart, the Aus tralian explorer ? It is soon to i be published with engravings and.capital maps, and has been edited by a gentleman in every way competent to do. justice to the hardy and gallant ex plorers. ! At Hampton, on the banks of the Thames, and at one of its most beautiful parts, stands a large and not elegant house, which is interesting as haying been built by the great actor, Day id Garnet. On the lawn in front is a temple, as it is called, which the actor- erected in questionable honor of Shak speare, and for which Horace Walpole (who had then learned to admire the fashionable artist, in whom he saw little when Garrick was only making his way) wrote a not yery neat in scription. The: house and ■grounds haye long been in the hands of. some wealthy trades folk, and they are now offered .'for. sale ' in the Auction Mart. I was yisiting a friend in the neighborhood on Sunday, and, in spite of ah 'edict, J we"managecl' to talk and bribe -our way into, the house: . The rooms, with one exception, are not good, but there is a fine drawing room, with bay window, which is very interesting, ^ being in exactly : the state in: which !. G-arrick left it. The walls are adorned, with large' Chinese •designs, and the great old-em broidered chairs one could easily fill, by a slight effort of im agination, with Johnson, Burke, Goldsmith, and the rest of. The Club.,- ; Grarri'ck's , bedroom, which is in two parts, compris ing a sort of alcove* in which is the bed, ornamented"' with' the celebrated; China hangings (which he had so much trouble to' get through the Custom house that .the . grievance 'be came '. historical,) and • a lofty arched apartment that could be shut off by ; a curtain,i is also worth note. It is decorated •with some graceful medallions, and with' looking glasses which are composed of many pieces, for there were no gigantic sheets of glass 111 those • days. The^ grounds are delightful, and there is an ' ejot' or . ' ait' of the Thames that goes with them. The road cuts the lawn, but there is a subterannean way to the river, and this tun nel was suggested by Dr John son. There is no time for ail Australian millionaire to send oyer carte blanche .to save the place, and I hear that it is to be bought at almost any price by a rich tailor, whose emissaries chalk the walls with vulgar recommendations to- try his goods, and he announces that he shall pull the house down, in order, I suppose to build a -Snip Yilla. We may surely expect that, as one of the authors of a Drury-lane £ ad dress that was I'P.allv 1 tat pnfprl ' wrote,— " The troubled shade of Garrick, hovering near, Will drop in Thames's wave a pitying' tear." I do not touch foreW matters, but it would seem, strange'to omit all • mention of the awful struggle now raging in America, or to leave it to bet -upposed that we do not speak of it. On Epsom Downs, yes terday there assembled at least 200,000 persons to enjoy themselves, and to witness the contest of some magnificent horses. The same papers which record this tell us that within a few days' steaming, at least 200,000 men speaking our language,were meetihgrearly in the month, to slaughter :pne another, ani that they kept at the bloody work for! six days,, including, a Sabbath. We do not forget such horrors, even in our own mirth, and we pray that the fratricidal contest may soon be brought to. an end. Grant, the Federal,^ap] ears to be a leader of the British bull dog kind, and he has certainly advanced' towards Richmond, though it seems only to get ' nearer to lines and defences against which his armies will-, be hurled in vain. t We hear a good deal about j theatrical matters in Australia and you may like to know that' our thea-res are all very; b usy. except D r ry-1 a ne,which j ! has just clos *d, and is to let.! The sensation of the moment I is an" elaborate revival of Hamlet, by Mr Fee Liter, at the i vceum. He has snmp finp. scenery, and^a most artistic ghost, onl v the ghost is too fat, and not very solemn, and is chiefly admired for his clever disappearances. Miss Kate 'Terry has made a great suc cess in Ophelia,as was expect ed. An attempt at a Morality Play, after the old fashion, by Mr Tom Taylor, has not been received with much favour at j the Olympic. It has many defects, but its real sin :in the eyes of the critics, who are singularly devoted slaves to managers, is t ~at it treads on too in any corns. I suppose you will not be much con cerned to know that Mr Webstar and .Mr BoucicauU are vituperating each other in letters, apropos of a very bad com.-dy -which the latter sold to the former as original, but which of-course was taken from' the French. Miss Bateman; continues to draw ca pital: h 6 uses to her Leah, . which she will play to the end ;of her 'engagement'. and thp'n she will have, a rest, and pro-; bably;. a country round, re-;. turning /to ' town when the •.winter:;season-- begins. This charming '.young artist • lWs achieved ,, a, most ...legitimate! success,- without» adventitious aid'jland'solely .by 'her. frer-li,| womanlyV: and -sympathetic Jsctrng/'^IrjPunch' dedicates to her the/following "epigram,' with which"I"'con elude; ..my, present despatch:—> .• A .Political organ, declares with a sigh . "That -reformers are rightly; for in dolence blamed, And that which we: all want is A Vest .• ;Good Cry Of which isTo class of citizen need BE ashamed. : ' Mr Punch' has observed the appeal, and would state That the article wanted has come from :: Judaea; And now may be had every night, about ; ; ■ VIII, Of his gifted young friend, Miss Kate . - ( Josephine Leah. ;; The anniversary of the Queen's birthday was cele brated by a military display in the Phcenix-park Dublin. -The weather being fine a large number of people wit nessed the review. The troops, mustering nearly 7000 men, were under the command of General Ridley. They appeared in excellent condition, and went through the manoeuvres and the sham fight in admirable sfyie. In the city the public offices were all closed, and the day was observed as a general holiday. Her Royal Highness the Princess Helena completed her 18 th year oil May 24 The bells of St. Martin-in-the Fields, the royal parish, rang out merry peals, and the flags were flying as usual, from the Admiralty and the Government offices. -The cass of the men who were apprehended on the charge of being pirates for seizing a Federal ship bound from Matamoras to New York, was concluded in the 'Court of Queen's Bench yes terday The Lord Chief Justine was in favour of giv ing the men up to the Fed eral authorities, who claimed them, but all the other judges took an opposite view and ihe prisoners .were c nse guently discharged :::r Several7; additions have just been made to the tional Gallery of Scotia^ They include a beautiful ^ ture,' Prancesca di lliniini * painted by Dyce before he left Scotland, and exhibits in Edinburgh, in 1887. 7ft. lOin. long a^ad 44 10^ in height, and is regarded as one of the finest specimens oftheprtist. It was bo^ i by the Royal Scottish demy from a gentleman in Aberdeenshire for £200, a very low price for the -work, the academy having appli^ to this purpose the profits made by them from an t<xhi. bition of Scottish art held at the time of the social Science Congress in October. The other pictures-added are font fine specimens of the late Rev John Thomson, the great landscape-painter, bequeathed to the gallerv, along with a portrait of the artist, by \k relative, the late Professor Pillani. Mr James Clarke, mayor of Helston, was killed instan , taneously recently by an ac. i cident whilst on horseback. Mr Clarke left Helston one I morning for Penzance on business. Returning kome ; ward between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening, he readied a point four miles .on .his way where two roads meet—one leading to Goldsithney, and the other to Helston. The horse turned suddenly to wards Goldsithney. tk place of its birth; Mr Clarke checked it. It reared, plant ed its fore feet on tlu hedge, and the rider lost his balance, The horse then continued its course for 15 or 20 yard) to wards' Goldsithney, ivlr Clarke •gradually/;'falling until lie lost his hold of rein and stir 'raps," and, the back of liij -head dropping on the ground, JhistnSck'Masrdislbcated. The norse stopped of its own a cord wichin a very short: d :;tances; and ;Mr:; (Clarke was on ce rem wed to ail adjacent fanA-, • .Medical aid was prom ptly obtained bus it proved no avail. The deceased was 62 years of age. : A pler-snre party assem bled ou the banks of Lvmm Lake' Cheshire. Amongs :ths'm were two young men named Davenport and Ham mett. They were accji panied by some young girk one of whom was affianeed to one of the young men. Hani* mett and Davenport, sot withstanding the remonstran ces of the girls, insisted upon bathing. Davenport down the embankment that purpose, and having stripped, jumped into ^ wa er. - He was soon aft?1* wards seized with cramp; and Hammed swam out to assist him. They at grappled with each other and sunk. The girls percei^j the danger of their IriW* screamed with terror, cries attracted the a'ten^j of a young1 man. He diately ran to the spot, wl had a long, struggle to fj* vent one of the excited from rashing into the The other _ gH, who ras relative, was also prevent! how. following her despot example. In the meffltiffl1 anotiier young man liad £011" I into the water wiih tkeioW lion of endeavoaringto^l tlie two whio were drow0ail but, fearing that the/ W t>ofch seize him, and endang^j -lis life as well, ha riie poor fellows, after3 neffectual straggle sank, ^ 'Vere both drowned. L 