LOCAL & GENERAL INTELLIGENCE YASS GENERAL SESSIONS. Tuesday, June 14. breaking into and stealing from a dwelling at Young. Ah Chong, a Chinese, pleaded not guiltv to an in formation in which he was charged with having on 8th May, at Young, broken into and entered the dwelling of Ah Fung, and stealing therein 8. 5s., two opium pipes, two bags of tobacco, and two tins of opium, the property of Ah Fung. A second count charged him with stealing in a dwelling to the amount of 52. The prisoner was undefended. John Ah Chu, a Christian, was sworn as inter preter. The Crown Prosecutor called Robert Fullerton, who deposed : Am senior-Con stable at Young ; apprehended prisoner on 10th May for breaking into the dwelling of Ah Fung on the 6th, and stealing 82. 5s., two opium pipes, and some other articles ; told him the charge through interpreter ; he said he had not done it ; searched prisoner's hut and found there the top of an opium pipe which was claimed by prosecutor. Ah Fung was then called and examined through the interpreter : I live in a slab place with bark roof at Lambing Flat; the door has a lock and key ; at half past two o'clock on Saturday (the day alleged) ; I left the house, leaving a box contain ing 82. 5s., locking theo door ; in half an hour I came back and found two bags tobacco, opium, and money gone ; found a piece of bark on the chimney broken ; the lock of the door was not broken ; the top of the pipe produced I bought five years ago in Beechworth. Alice Stumph examined : Am wife of Peter Stumph ; saw a Chinaman go into another China man's house on the 6th or 7th May, about one or two o'clock ; he went in by removing a piece of bark; the prisoner is like him, and think he is the man ; he was in the house about five minutes; had nothing in his hand when he went in, but had some thing when he came out, which he put in a bag. Peter Stumph examined : I sell fruit at Young ; know prisoner ; saw him in May at prosecutor's place putting some bark covering up a hole in the chimney : saw him sit down and put something in a bag he had. His Honor carefully summed up, and pointed out the law relative to housebreaking, showing that even if no force had been used to gain admittance, the descending a chimney to gain that admittance was housebreaking. The jury, after a short absence, returned a ver dict of guilty on the first count. Sentence: Two years' in Darlinghurst gaol. STEADING FROM A DWELLING AT BURRANGONG. Mary Almond pleaded not guilty to an informa tion in winch sho was charged with having, at . Rurrnngong, on 20th February, stolen from tho ' dwelling-house of Edward James Evans one shawl, one gojd ring, nnd half a dwt. of gold, the proporty of the said Edward James Evans. Edward Clarke deposed : Am a mounted con stable stationed at ilurrangong; arrested prisoner ut Fourteen-mile Rush, nt tho instance of Mrs. Evans, oh a charge of stealing two brooches, a gold ring, and five shillings in money ; she (prosecutrix) handed witness a shawl (produced). Catherine Evans, 'Wife of prosecutor, deposed : I live on the Ten-mile Rush ; prisoner lived near me ; on 20th February gave her into custody for robbing my bouse ; I wns away when the robbery was committed , I left about 9 or 10 in tho morn ing, and nt about 4 o'clock 1 was told of the rob bery, when I followed prisoner ; on getting up to her I accused her of robbing; mo she denied it; I pulled the shawl from under her frock, and. saw a bundle with her ; on returning home I missed a gentleman's' gold ring, nnd half a dwt. of gold ; went to her own place ; she abused me and took out on axe handle with which to strike me ; tho things I missed were in a little work-box ; the shawl I gave 32. for ; the ring and brooches were worth 42., and the gold worth two shillings; when 1 left my place a little girl was putting up the calves ; sho had chnrge of the place. To prisoner : You stopped when I called you. Bridget Rock deposed : I live next door to the last witness nt Yonng; recollect the afternoon of 20th February last ; went into her house and saw the prisoner with her hand in the work-box; sho rushed out and seemed quite frightened ; Mary Anne Wheatley, who had chargo of tho house, was not a hundred yards away, hunting np the calves , went to her and told her thcro was a woman iusido ; wont for Mrs. Evans, who came up nnd went aftor the woman ; did not see her take anything from prisonor, but saw her catch hold of her; prisoner was going towards her home ; wlion I saw her leaving Mr Evans' sho hud her frock lucked up in front of her. To prisonor: Cannot say whether you had nny groceries and meat in your apron. This was the case for the Cro\vn." The prisoner called Edward Clarke, the apprehending constable, to provo the immoral character of Rook, but the _ex- aiuinatiou was objected to only so far as it might refer to the girl's character for veracity. Tho wit ness said ho knew nothing against Bridget Rock. Tho prisoner then addressed tho jury, and' his Honor having summed up, they found tho prisonor guilty of common larceny. Tlie prisoner having been called upon to show why she should not bo sent to prison, said she had already boon four months in gaol. Mr. Fitzgerald, the governor of Yass gaol, gavo the prisonor a good character for industry, cleanli ness, nnd obcdicnco during tho timo she had boon under his charge. Mr. Doyle, lockup-keeper, said she had re ceived three months' imprisonment for stealing habylinen at Lambing Flat; that sho was a very bad character. Prisoner admitted having had two months for tho offence. The prisoner was sentenced to bo imprisoned in Yass gaol for 8 months: his Honor remarking that had it not been for tho view the jury had taken of the case lie would have sent her to "Cockatoo'' for 3 years. : OBTAINING MONEY BY FALSE PRETENCE AT BURROWA. Alexander Gibson pleaded not guilty to an in formation charging him with obtaining money from- W. I). Campbell, at'Burrowa, by a false pretence. The prisoner was undefended. The Crown Prosecutor having opened the case, called Patrick Brennan, sub-inspector of police, who proved to the apprehension of the prisoner at an inn at the Gap. William Douglas Campbell deposed : Am a squatter residing near Burrowa ; prisoner called on the 8th March to purchase sheep ; agreed to sell him 800 at 11s. 6d. cash ; went to the yard with him ; the sheep were drafted ; he wanted them to start next morning ; agreed to send them under charge of one of my men, as the prisoner was to pay by cheque on the Joint Stock Bank, Yass ; he asked for a blank cheque, not having a cheque-book about him ; I told him it was of little consequence whether it was a printed or written one so long as ho had tho money thcro ; he said it was all right, that ho had funds there ; I commenced to write out a cheque for the price of tho sheep, and adding 12s. that was due to me by prisoner by loan ; lie asked mo ho add two guineas to pay his expenses in Burrow. ; I said I had no objection if lie gave me an assurance that tho cheque would bo paid on presentation ; he road it over, signed it, and I then asked him again if it would be paid on presenta tion ; ho said it was all right; I handed him a 12. note and 22s. in silver. The cheque produced and identified. On his going away I pointed out his signature, saying I would not take it for " Gibson ;" he looked at it and said tho bank had it in their book ; saw him next afternoon aftor I had sent into Yass ; I saw him at Smellio's ; nslccd him if ho had not made a mistako in giving a cheque on tho Joint Stock Bank ; ho said ho had not ; I said tho cheque had been returned, as there were no funds ; ho said it was a mistake of tho bank, that it would be all right ; that ho would go to Yass and be back at twelve o'clock tho next day if I would let him have the sheep ; lie asked to sec the cheque ; I showed it to him, and by his action ho appeared to wish to get it from me. Tho prisoner cross-examined the witness, but olicitcd nothing material. G. A. Grevillc, agent of the Joint Stock Bank, proved prisonor never had an account at tho Joint Stock Bank at Yass ; no person of the same-name has or has had an account at the bank. Mr. Campbell wns recalled by prisoner : You told mo the next morning that you had seen Mr. Argent ; that you intendod to send some of tho sheep to Goullmrn : and would tell Mr. Finlay to place the proceeds to my credit : I declined the arrangement. - ' "To tho Judgo : This- was the day after I gave prisonor tho cheque. Tho judge having summed up, the jury, without rotiring, found the prisoner guilty. Tho Crown Prosecutor handed up the deposi tions in another case, in which the prisonor was charged with larceny. In answer to tho Judge, prisonor said ho was a baker by trade, sometimes occupying his timo by cooking, and that if put on his trial for tho second chargo would plead not guilty. Sontoncod to three years' hard labour on the roads. LARCENY AT BURRANGONG. John Walsh, charged with stealing, at Spring Creek, one wire-cutter, ono pair trousers, one gim let. &c.;, from John Norton, a carrier, acting as bailee for John Mycr, pleaded not guilty. Sergeant Tant deposed : I arrested prisonor on the 7th June on a chargo of stealing from a dray a box of tools and. apparel to the value of 202. Proporty produced in court. On searching prisonor I fonnd different articles of wearing ap parel: on looking further prisoner said, " No need for further search ; that is the lot, and they may hang mo." John Norton deposod: Am a carrier: recollect prisoner coming to my dray at Young on tho 0th Juno : he said lie was going to Gundagai : ho had a blanket : my mato said all right : Mr. Myer gavo a box into my possession : it was enclosed in a large box : it contained a quantity of jewellers' tools : tho large case was given to mo hy Mr. Myer to take to Gundagai : we had it on Monday night safe : missed it on Wednesday morning: the socks, -handkerchiefs, &c.;, were taken out of tho prisoner's bundle : I saw nothing of the large case after I lost it : tho boots produced wore also taken out of his (prisoner's) bundle. John Rhall deposcd : I am a carrier and reside near Young; on Monday, Cth June, saw prisoner at a fire by Norton's dray ; it was after twelve o'clock on Tuesday night ; was roused up by the fire ; saw him picking up something and throwing it on the fire ; saw a largo caso near tho dray ; when I first saw him he was putting boughs on the fire : I went to bed again ; next morning T gavo information to Norton and the police; saw tho police go to a tree which I had seen the pri sonor go in the previous night; the police brought from it parts of watches which wero thcro found. Peter Myer deposed : I am a hairdresser at Spring Creek ; the property produced I had pre viously seen in Meusburg's house ; saw him put tho things in a box which he left in my charge to be sent to him at Gundagai ; I gavo it to Norton on the 8th of June to carry to Gundagai. — Meusburg examined : I lately lived at Young; I gave instructions to Mr. Myer to send my things to Gundagai as quickly as possible; the articles produced are my property. The judge haying briefly summed up, the jury without retiring found the prisoner guilty. Sentence : Two years in Bcrrima gaol. LARCENY AT BURRANGONG. John Munro, on bail, pleaded not guilty to an information in which he was charged with having, on the 1st April, feloniously stolon three turkey stones, one saw, one bent-hammer, one screw, and one piece of timber, of the goods and ohattels of John Duggan. The second count laid the offence as feloniously receiving. The case having boen stated to the jury by tho Grown Prosecutor, Andrew Sutherland was callod : I nm a constable stationed at Young : about 1st April went to pri soner's houso to "search for carpenter's tools and timber which had been stolen; found in prisoner's house three turkey stones and tools produced ; found them in a box in his tout; he said he got them from a man who lived in Duggan's place for sometime; I was about to search his box when ho said there was no use searching it as there was nothing there but clothes ; opened the box and found the articles inside ; the articles wore at the very bottom, and covered over with clothes ; some timber outside the tent he said at first did not be long to him, but afterwards said ho got it from the same man he got the tools from ; ono plank is part of Duggan's bench : Duggan has claimed them ; the box was looked. John Duggan deposed : Am a carpenter and live at. tho Six-mile Rush; have known prisoner for eight or nine months ; had been living a hundred yards from him ; I left my homo somctiino in March and returned in about nine days ; the articles produced arc iny property ; 1 left thein in my place ; there was no lock on the door ; tho house was built of bark and strongly made ; on my return I observed some of tho bark removed from the houso ; had timber both inside and outside. To his Honor : The door wnB nailed up when 1 loft. _ Prisoner in defence said lie bought the tools from a man who was stopping in Duggan's hut, when'he (Duggan) was away at the Seventeen-mile Rush, but did not know his name. Prosecutor, in reply to the Judge, said no ono was left in chargo by him, nor was any person' in the hut on his return. The Judge summed up, and tho jury returned a verdict of guilty. Tho prisoner called on Robert Hall, of Young, who seated ho had known him for tho last two years and always found him to bo an honest man; had madc enquiries of others who had given a very good character and wore surprised when they heard tho chargo against him. Prisoner had -met with an accident some timo sinco which had: affoctedy him mentally. His Honor said he was bound to take into consideration tho excellent charactor Mr. Hall, who appeared to be a highly respectable man, had given prisoner, .and sentenced Muhro to six montlis in Yass gaol. The Court adjourned till Wednesday at half-past nine o'clock. fi,' Wednesday, June 15. .. HORSE STEALING AT BINALONG. William Randall pleaded not guilty to an infor mation in which he was charged with having, on. tho 23rd April, at Binnlong, feloniously stolen. ono- cow. the property of Mathcw Conway. I Tho prisonor was defended by Mr. Walsh. The Crown Prosecutor having briefly stated tho case, called Charles Hailes, who deposed : Am senior-con stable of police at Binalong: was at prisoner's houso about half-past nine on the evening of the 23rd Apri' : I saw prisoner como out of his stock yard : I walked round, and passing the back of a calf-pen, entered the yard : asked prisonor if ho had been killing : ho said ho had : saw the carcase of a boast in tho pen : ho said it was a small heifer, nnd that it was branded MG on ribs : examined it and could find no brands : apprehended prisoner for cattle stoaling: told him to skin the beast, as I wanted to take tho hide away: while lie was doing so the prisoner throe times cut tho hide : cautioned him three times not to do so : took the knifo from him, and with he assistance of two other constables finished skinning it: took the hide and feet to tho station : found tho cut in three places, across tho brands which wero MC and a number on tho milking side : sent for Mr. Conway next morning, who came to the station with a boy hide produced : it is that of a four- year- old cow : she was in calf. To. Mr. Walsh: It was a moonlight night, but had boon raining a little : prisoner lives near tho police barracks. Michael King, mounted Constable at Binalong, corroborated the last witness, and further statod it as his opinion that the beast had been killed by an axe, as there was no bdllet mark and (in axe was lying hy. To Mr. Walsh : It is not undsiial to kill cattle n the bush with an axe. Mathew Conway deposed : I live at Binalong, and have cattle there branded MC hip And ribs,- and No. 2 : the hide shown mo by tho -policoi.bore my brand, but the figure was cut : it belonged to one of my own cattle. To Mr, Walsh : I should havo known the boast if it had not brands upon it, because I had: put her and others into a paddock; sho was a milker's 'calf: to tho best of my belief the cow was one of iPy own. Deposition taken at Binalong read, in which ho said ho could not recognise tho hido without tho brands ; sold prisoner two cows and two calves four years ago, a yearling twelve months ago'. A boy, 13 years of ago, who lives with tliovlast witness was called, and identified tho hide as- be- longing to a beast of Mr. Conway's ; should know it without Hie brands ; saw tho cow alive oii tho morning of 23rd April ; recollect Conway selling prisoner some cattlo three years ago and fi calf sinee ; the hido shown witness was not that of any of tho beasts sold. This closed tho case for the Crown. Mr. Walsh, for defence, putin a written character from Mr. Edgar Beckham. Mr. Edward Ryan was called : had known prisoner for thirty years and had never heard anything against his character. Mr. Miles Murphy also called: Had known pri soner for twenty years ; is a hardworking man. Mr. Walsh addressed tho jury, submitting that as tho evidence was not clear against the prisoner, the charactor given should havo considerable weight with the jury in arriving at their verdict. Tho Crown Prosecutor replied: Where the balance of evidence is equal, then character was of valuo to the prisonor, but ho contended such equal ity did not exist, and character would bo merely for the consideration of the judgo in determining the sentence. Tho judge having summed up, the jury, without leaving tho box, found the prisonor guilty. Tho prisonor protested that ho had killed, the beast thinking it was one of those ho had bought from Conway. Prosecutor was re-icalled. but could not state the colour of tho cattlo he had sold to prisoner. Tho judgo gave tho prisoner the benefit of tho doubt, and owing to tho good characters ho had roccivcd sentenced him only to two years', in Goul- burn gaol. STEALING MONEY AT YOUNG. Tang Ye, a Chinese, pleaded not guilty, through a sworn interpreter, to a chnrge of hnving, on 20th December, 1803, stolon 512. Is. Gd., the proporty of Ah Shoo, another Chincso. Tho Crown Prosecutor called Sergeant Tant,- stationed at Young, to whom the prisoner .'was: given into custody on 3rd February, on .p, chargo' embezzlement. Ah Shoo deposod: I keep a .cook's shop., at Young: know tho prisonor: gave him 512. Gd. on tho 2 1th Deeombor : wns Bick at the timp and had boon so for six weeks : prisonor wift in py. employ : told liim to pay some of it' to certain' storekeepers nnd Chinamen and keep tho balance for me : prisoner went away 6 or G days before : I gave him in charge to a constable : was Bued' by storekeepers and Chinamen at the court at Young, who were to havo been paid with tho 512. Is 0d.': I havo received no money from prisoner since." Prisonor snid he paid the doctor, and bought rice and other things for prosecutor with ' tlio' money. To Crown Prosecutor, by prosecutor : nevor told prisoner to pay a doctor. Sing Keong'was sworn by blowing out a light : Keeps a cook's shop and sells opium at Wombat: sold Ah Shoo 1 1 boxes Opium, valuo 202. 7s. : in December Ah Shoo owed me 92. 15s. : prisoner did not pay mo that amount: sued him for it in the court at Young. San Quong Loo was called, but his Honor thought that it was unnecessary to cxamino him or tho other witnesses for tho Crown. Prisoner, on being called on for his defence, said that if tho court would lot him out he would go and got the money nnd pay it all back : he had paid tho money to other Chinamen while Ah Shoo wns sick. The Judgo briefly summed up, and tho jury, aftor having been absent from court a short time, found prisoner guilty. In answer to his Honor, tire gaoler said prisoner had been in gaol for four months. Sentenced to eight months' in Yass gaol. HORSE STEALING AT BURROWA RIVER. Patrick Stinson, on bail, pleaded not guilty to an ! information in which ho was charged with having, on the 1st June, 18G3, at Burrowa River, stolon a i I horse, the property of Edward Ryan. A second count laid tho offence as feloniously receiving tho same. Mr. Allman appeared for the defence. The case was opened by tho Crown Prosecutor, in which he stated the facts as against the prisonor, and on its conclusion Mr. Allman submitted that if what had been stated was all that oould he brought against prisoner, there was nothing to go to the jury. The Crown Prosecutor assented. The Judge concurred, and directed tho jury to acquit the prisoner, who was discharged. HORSE STEALING AT BURRANGONG. Colin Gilmore pleaded not guilty to an information charging him with having, on the 21th May, at Bnrrangong, stolen a horse, the proporty of Michael Heffernan. A second count charged him with feloniously receiving. Mr. Allman appeared for the prisoner. Thomas Musgrave. constable, stationed at Woddon Mountain: Arrested prisoner on tho 29th May last, at O'Malley's old station, about twenty-five miles from Heffernan's : told him the charge : he said he never had the horse ; prisoner was in bod at the time he was arrested. 'To Mr. Allman: Tt was between eleven and twelve o'clock at night wlion I arrested prisoner : did. not know prisoner before. Michael Heffernan deposed : I am a publican re siding at Five-mile Creek : saw prisoner on tho ,24 th of May last at my house: there wero races -there: I was then owner of a bay horse branded PC over PC and JB underneath with other brands under saddle : prisonor stopped half-an-bour : the horse, was running about near tho house: next morning I missed it: 1 went after it to a sheep- station' belonging to Croaker: saw prisoner riding »it that evening about twenty miles from where L live : it had the bit belonging to a bridle with reins and headstall of small rope : was within one or two hundred yards of it : as soon as prisoner saw mo ho galloped off : T called after him, saying " Gil- more, I will follow you wherever you go:" gavo information to the police that night at Weddcn Mountain : have never seen the horse since : it was worth twenty pounds. To Mr. Allman : Prisoner wns dressed in striped shirt, soiled moleskin trousers, and mauila hat : at two hundred yards could see tho bit in a horse's mouth : prisoner was riding in an opposite direction . to that in which I was going he was not on tho road : whan ho saw mo he turned away, when I shouted : there was an old saddle on the horse : prisoner did not speak a word to mo. William Finnigan deposed : I live near tho Weddcn Mountain : the first time I saw prisoner was at the police ollico at Young : on my way to Young I passed by Croaker's station : a horso with a rope bridle or halter on was tied up there : knew the horse belonged to lleffernan, to whom I gavo information. Catherine Stuart deposed : I am a married wo man living with my husband at Croaker's station : recollect the 25th or 2Gth of May : a person call ed at our houso about sunrise with a horse: ask ed him if he had camped thcro that night, he said not : did not notice tho ncrsnn : the liorso wns tied up outside with a rope bridle or halter. To Mr. Allman : Tho man had no coat on : had on- a straw hat and moleskin trousers : it was on tho Friday of the following week I saw tho pri soner at tho police office, when I was unable to identify him as tho person who came to the house : tho horso had no saddle on when it came there. To Crown Prosecutor : The person who came to tho house sat at tho fire with his back to wards me : prisoner is like the man. This closed tho caso for tho Crown. Mr. Allman addressed the jury for the prisoner, remarking on the slender nature of the evidence against his client, and referred to what lleffernan had said about seeing the bit in the horse's mouth at two hundred yards off, and compared his evi dence as to the circumstance of the horse having a saddle on with the last witness, who positively stated that the horse brought to her house had nono. Tho learned advocate then drew the at tention of tho jury to the evidence as to pri soner's arrest, and his conduct at tlictimc, and put in a written charactor from Mr. John Pring, of the Crowthcr station, in whose scrvico the pri- \- sonor had been for some years. The Crown Prosecutor replied to the learned advocate's address : tho judgo summed up, and the jury, after a long deliberation, returned a verdict oi guniy. ocnience, nvo years naru lanour on tho roads. HORSE STEALING AT DERRINGULLEN. Mary Ann Miller and Margaret Miller, on bail, were called on and appeared, when the information, charging them with stealing and receiving a horse at Blakeney Creek, on the 24th February, was road, to which the prisoners pleaded not guilty. The Crown Prosecutor stated to the court that a material witness, Mary Marshall, having been confined on the previous evening, was unable to attend, and therefore prayed postponement of tho trial till next sittings of the court, to be held on the 17th October. Mr. Walsh consented. The application was granted, fresh bail to be entered into, Milford, one of the previous bail, having been convicted and sentenced to five years' on the roads. The witnesses wero bound over afresh. (The next day the following persons tendered bail and were accepted : — James Smith, of Yass, butcher, and David Beaton, also of Yass, house holder.) CATTLE STEALING AT JERRABANG. John Moroney, on bail, was indicted for having, on the 21st April, at Jerrabang, feloniously stolen one bull, one ox, &c.;, tho proporty of Edward Ryan. A second count charged prisoner with feloniously receiving. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was de fended by Mr. Walsh. Tho case having been opened by tho Crown Pro secutor, lie called Walter Casey, who doposcd: Am a sergeant of police stationed at Bogobogolong: on the 2 1st April went to Jcrrabang, and there . arrested prisoner : told him I arrested him on suspicion of cattlo stealing : when I wont up to the yard the prisoner ,wns engaged in cutting off tho head of a beast which was skinned and hanging on tho gallows : asked what was tho brand of tho boast : lie said it had the gR brnnd : I said that it was a beast of Mr. -Ryan's. To Mr. Walsh : Know it to be Mr. Ryan's brand, having seen it in the Police Gazette, where cattlo of the same brand wore advertised. Examination continued: There was a number on tho hide : it was 55 : asked him if lie had a receipt for the beast: lie said ho had : told him to show it mo : ho then said he had authority from Mr. Ryan to kill it, as it was a straggling boast : gave prisoner' in chargo to McGovern, as ho expressed a wish to change his clothes : afterwards took him to Young : ' the beast had a white fuco : took possession of tho .hide, but not of the head. Hido produced. Robert McGovern deposod : I am constable nt Bogobogolong : on tho 2-lth April was at the resid ence of prisonor with last witness, who handed over the prisoner to my custody, when ho (prisoner) went to change his clothes: his wife was present: she snid to prisonor, " What will bo done to you for this job:" lie said he supposed he would get seven years for it : prisonor asked mo if he could not substitute ono and have no more about it. : I told him I could not do it ; ho told sergeant Carey first that he had a receipt for tho boast, and after wards that he had authority from Ryan to kill it, as it was a straggler. John Nagle Ryan examined : I am a magistrate of the territory, and a member of the Legislative Assembly: am son of Mr. Edward Ryan, of Galong, whoso affairs I occasionally manago : I do not know of my own knowledge that my father lost 17 head of cattle lately: saw a hide at Young which belonged to a boast of my father's : it boro his brand, gR, with a numbor which I do not re member. To Mr. Walsh : My father. has sold oattlo, but I cannot say whether the hido is that of a beast sold by him. Edward Ryan deposed: Am a stockholder and live nt Galong : I brand gR, conjoined, with tho number of the year of branding : I saw the hide produced at Yonng : think it belonged to a beast , of mine : never sold or g ive permission to prisonor 1 to tako nny beast ; have lost cattlo at several times : it is not long sinee, two or three months ago, that i 17 head were taken. To Mr. Walsh : I havo sold a great many bul locks bearing tho same brand : cannot say whother the hido produced is not that of a beast I have sold : have known the prisoner several years. To the Judgo : Very likely some of tho 55 cattle have been sold, bub I sold no cows. Sergeant Casey recalled: It was a cow that I got in tho prisoner's stockyard. Mr. J. N. Ryan was recalled by Mr. Walsh and gave tho prisoner a good charactor. Mr. Myles Murphy deposed: he had known prisoner for the last twenty years, and had novcr known anything against him. Tho judge briefly summed up, when tho jury, with out retiring, found tho prisoner guilty. Sentence — live years' hard labour on tho roads. HORSE STEALING AT BINALONG. Michael Heffernan, on bail, pleaded not guilty to an information charging him with having, on 5th November, 1803, feloniously stolen a horse, the pro porty of Patrick O'Maley [? O'Malley]. Mr. Allman defended the prisoner. Senior-constable Hailcs, stationed at Binalong, deposed : Know Sub-inspector Black, and was pre sent when ho apprehended prisonei on the 15th April, on a chargo of stoaling a grey horso, belong ing to Patsy O'Maley, branded with other brands, prisoner said he bought it from John O'Maley. Patrick O'Maley saw the horse,- and claimed it as his own. To Mr. Allman : Have been two years stationed in this district: twelve nionthsago wasin Yass : rc- , collect heiiringof prisoner's house bcingattacked by bushrangers, O'Maley and party : 'it is about two years sinco O'Maley was out .it is two y ears since tlio escort robbery : prisoner was charged at the time with illegally'working the horse , iii question, but the caso was dismissed : have known. Patrick O'Maley for two years : have arrested him only once, for sticking up a jeweller close by his father's place: Patrick O'Maley wns not the person who did it : prisonor is a publican at Five-mile Creek: havo never arrested him before. Patrick O'Maley deposed : Am a farmer, and live three miles from Young : know prisoner: lost a grey horse about two and a half years ago, branded (ID near hip, R near cheek, M near shoul der, and other brands : it wits running at the Wed dcn Mountain : saw it next at Binalong, at end of March or beginning of April, in possession of Mr. Bourke : nevor sold the horse to anyone : prisoner offered to purohaso it about three months ago for 32\. : ho also offered mo a colt ami filly in exchange : at tho timo prisonor offered to buy the horso my brother, John O'Maley, was dead : we were -on good terms : never authorised my brother to sell it : cannot remember bow long since it was spoken of about my. brother going on tho roads : it was not so long ago as the escort robbery : my brother could write his name. To Mr. Allman : My brother used to put his mark to receipts : wo have a business license where wo live : I have been a farmer seven months : have not free selected : wo sell butter : my family have been living thcro some time : I am there now and again : T sometimes go out to tho Weddcn, where my father had a station : tho horso was an old horse, broken down : it was a very good one when I lost it : it was then worth 102.: had seve ral other horses at the time: did not make any search for this horse until I was down hero last time : I do not know prisonor to have plenty of horses and cattle : havo been on very good terms with him : lie brought me up to the Young court for using throats to him that I would bo revenged on him : be was prosecuting iny brother, who was acquitted yesterday of stealing a saddle : the horse belonged to my brother John : I did not offer in prisoner's son's presence to get this horse, which my brother had sold prisoner : did not tell prisoner in presence of his son that my brother John told mo to get it for him : I became aware it was in Bourke's possession when I was hero last sessions : I heard from prisoner that the horse was at Binalong : heard of his house being attacked by bushrangers, and of his following them : had had some conversation with prisoner about my brother (Thomas) and a saddlo. By the. Judge : I swopped a black horse with my \- brother John for the grey : I kept it a couple of months and, rode it: cannot say now long my brother had the horse : lleffernan told me that ho had beard from a bullock driver that the horse was at Binalong, and ho offered to buy it for 32. : the conversation occurred in his plaoo : ho said, " tho grey horse of yours :" I said 1 thought it was too little : ho then said ho would give mo a colt and a filly that were there : did not agree to lake it : my brother did' not use the horse after he sold it to me : cannot say how long it is since my brother was killed, about seven or oiglit months ago : can not say whother my brother was alive or dead at the time tho conversation took plaoo about tho horse ' Edward Bourke deposed : I am a mail contractor and live at Binalong; bought a grey horso (the horse in question) from prisoner on the 15th No vember last ; I bought it for 32. and gavo him 22. on account; saw prisoner about two months before at his house and told him that one of O'Maley's horses was running with Barry's ; ho said the horso was his and that lie had got it from Patsey O'Maley : next timo I saw prisonor was in November at Binalong, when I bought the horse from him : ho wantod 42. for it: I said I could not give more than 32\. ; noxt morning gave him tho 22. on account: on Easter Monday O'Maley claimed the horso at Bina long, aiid I gavo it up to him. To Mr. Allman : Prisoner had offered to swop a cart horso for it : I will not swear that prisoner did not say that Patsey O'Maloy had promised to get jtho horso for him : the horse had been running about Binalong for nearly two years : prisoner was summoned for illegally selling the horse to nie : the caso was dismissed. John Bourke, brother of last witness, stated that Heffernan told him, when going to Barry's yard for the horse, that he had got it from Patsey O'Maley in aswop : saw my brother givo Hoffernan 22. on account of the horse : saw the horse, at Binalong boforo Johnny O'Maley was in the bush: do not recollect prisoner saying that he had novcr seen the horse: saw the horso at first about three years ago : it was taken away and returned about two years ago. This closed tho caso for the' Crown. Mr. Allman desired to know whether the learned Crown Prosecutor intendod to put in tho receipt which ho had so much relied upon in his opening address. Tho Crown Prosecutor had no objection to pro duce it; but considered it was no part of his case, but part of tho defence made by Hoffernan. For the defonco Thomas Heffernan deposed that he is son of the prisonor and living with him : for some time had been suffering from sunstroko : in 18G2 John O'Maley came to his father's, who was to buy a horso from him : ho was indebtod to his father, who asked him for the money, he Baid he had not got it: witness' father said ho wanted a draught horse: O'Maley said he would sell him one: Hef fernan asked him whero tho horso was : he said at Binalong: a receipt was drawn out by witness' father: saw him do it and would know it again : tho receipt produced was tho sam6 : witness' name was on it as being present : it was before O'Maloy took to tho bush that tho receipt was givon, and sometime before tho escort robbery : did not re member seeing the horso at his fathor's place : a short time, seven or eight days, after the rcoeipt was given Patsey O'Maley came to hiss father's house : father told him that ho had bought a horso from his brother : Patsey said to him that ho under stood from his brother that he had sold him the horse : father asked him to fetoh tho horso to him, and ho said he would : recollect some months sinco an altercation took place between Patsoy O'Maley nnd witness' father about a saddlo : Patsoy said he would bo revenged on him : pri soner took proceedings against him : saw tho horso at Binalong and previously at Wcddin Mountain: could not say who it belonged to then : was in prisoner's houso when it was stuok up ; it was sinco John O'Maloy sold the horso : it was John O'Ma ley's party' that attacked tho house, shots were fired and they wero going to burn it down : pri soner chased the bushrangers with the police. To the Crown Prosecutor : The sale was before tho escort robbery. Tho Crown Prosecutor called Sub-inspector Brcnnan, who deposed : That tho receipt bears date 29t.ii December, 1SG2 : tho escort robbery was on 15th June, 1802. To Mr. Allman : The prisoner is a fellow- passenger of mine, nnd boro a good character: his inuso was stuck-up : had spoken to me about tho bushrangers. Michael Cassidy was called by Mr. Allman : Was sergeant in tho old mounted police, and had known the prisoner for seven years : his charncler was very good, and ho was a man respected very much. Jacob Myers, lato of Lambing Flat, was also called, who gave prisonor a three years' character for honesty. By tho direction of his Honor tho jury acquitted the prisoner, thcro being no evidence of the taking the horsc so as to make it a felony. Tho court then adjourned till tho following morning. [The criminal sittings were resumed next day, when, after tho plea in William Fogg the younger's case of autrefois acquit having been put in iss'uo to a jury, and a verdict found for tho Queen, the prisoner was put upon his trial for feloniously, unlawfully, and maliciously killing a cow on tho 1st January last, nt Fish River, and. having been .found guilty, was sentenced to seven years' hard labour on the roads. This concluded the criminal business, and immediately afterwards the District .Court was opened, and the cause list disposed of by yesterday. A full report of Fogg's case and the civil business will appear in noxt issue.] ST. ANDREWS' PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, YASS. On Thursday last the interesting ceremony of lay ing the corner stone of tho new church now in course of erection on the hill near the hospital took place shortly after noon. The ministers present . were the Rev. William Ross, of Goulburn, anil the I Rev. F. A. O. Lillingstnn, of St. Clement's, Yass. The Rev. W. Hill, of the Wcslcyan Methodist Church, was unfortunatoly prevented from being present, Tho spectators, including a number of ladies, numbered about a hundred, and the atten dance would probably have been larger had not tho sitting of tlio court prevented many from being present. Tho weather was favourable, and tho proceedings passed off with the utmost satisfaction. The building will bo fifty feet inside from end to end, and twenty-two feet wide : the height from floor to top of wall will lie sixteen feet, with a partly open Gothic coiling, which will bring tho , height of roof to twenty loot. The church is to be I lhiiit of rubble stone; with caps nnd water tables of tho buttresses, as well as the coping of tho gables, of dressed stone. There is a porch about eight feet square in front, and the entrance will bo reached hy a flight of stops about eight feet wide. Tho church is plaoed in a very fine commanding position, selected by Mr. James Wood, of Y'ass, and will be seen from every portion of tho town, as well as from nearly every road leading to Yass. To judge by the plans, tho church will be a neat and chaste edifice, and will certainly add to i the appearance of the town. The plans wero prepared by Mr. William Carson, of Goulburn, and presented to tbe congregation: the site was the gift of Mr. Hamilton Hume; Mr. Hardy, of Wagga Wagga, is the contractor: and the building is being erected under the superintendence of Mr. W. 11. Downey, of Y'ass. It may prove interesting to some of our readers to learn that the Presbyterian congregation in Yass was formed on the 9th of March, 1851, under the spiritual guidance of tho late Rev. Mr. Ritchie, and tho following was then drawn up and adopted as the basis on which the congregation was formed: — " 1. Wo regard tho Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments as the Word of God, and believe them tc bo the only rule of faith and manners, or of doctrine and practice. 2. Wo acknowledge tho Westminister Shortqr Catechism ns the confession of our faith, expressive of the sense in which we understand tho Scriptures. 3. Wo deny the right of civil go vernments to interfere in matters of religion, bo- lint'intr t.linh ifc ia t.hn nivwinno nf Min fllmrnli nf Christ to manage all her own affairs ; that this right is derived from her Solo Head, tho Lord Jesus Christ, and that no man or class of men can justly deprive her of it under any conceivable pretence.'' From tho timo of the death of Mr. Ritchie, in 1854, tho congregation wns without any settled pastor, the Rev. W. Ross occasionally offi ciating. In October, 18G2, the congregation was re-formed on tho same basis as in 1851, and tho Rev. W. Baker chosen pastor, which position, it is understood, he intends to resign. Tho ceremony of laying the stone on Thursday commenced shortly after twelve o'clock, tho ltcv. W. Ross reading an appropriate hymn, which was sung. A bottlo containing several coins, a copy of tho S. M. Herald of Monday last, the Yass Courier of Wed nesday, and a parchment on which was engrossed several particulars, which aro given below, wero then placed in the crevice of the stone, and cover ed over. Mrs. "Ritchie, relict of the late Rev. W. Ritchie, then spread tho mortar, and a huge stono having been dropped upon it, a mallet, plumb, and squaro wore applied to tho stono by tho venor- ablo lady officiating, who thereupon declared : — " I lay tho foundation stone of this Saint Andrew's Presbyterian Church, in the name of the Father, and of tho Son. and of the Holy Ghost. May tho Lord build the house and boar the glory." Mr. J. D. Milne, lion, secretary to the building committee, then read a copy of the writing on the parchment plnced under tho stone, as follows : — The Foundation-Stone of this SAINT ANDREW'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH was laid on Thursday, the sixteenth day of June, in the year of our Lord ono thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, The twenty- seventh year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, His Excellency tho Right Honorable Sir John Young, Baronet, Knight Commander of the Most Honorable Order of tho Bath, Knight Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George, boing Oaptain-Goncral'and-Govcrnor-in-Chief of this Colony of New South Wnles, and Vicc-Admirnl of the same, by . MRS. EUI'HEMIA RITCHIE, rolict of the late Rcvorend William Ritchie, tho first resident Proshytorian Minister who officiated in the District of Yass, and who conducted tho ordinances of roligion in the Presbyterian form from tho yenr ono thousand eight hundred and fifty till his death, in tho year ono thousand oight hundred nnd fifty-four. Tho Site / upon which this.Church is erected was presented to tho Presbyterians of Y'ass for the purposo by Hamilton Hume, Esquire, J.P. and F.R.G.S., of Oooma, near Yass, to bo hold in trust for tliom by Messrs. James John Brown, Thomas Barber, and William McBcnn, tho Trustees by them elected. This Church is built by the voluntary subscriptions of residents in Yass and its neighbourhood, to bo used as a place of worship by the Presbyterian congregation of Yass. Present Ministor — Tho Reverend William Baker. Elders — Messrs. Matthew Armour and Hugh Vallnnco. Tho following committeo was appointed by tho congregation to arrange and carry out tho building of this Church, namely — Mr. Thomas Barber, Convener. Mr. James Dulf Milne, Secretary. Mr. .Tames Peter Ritchie, Treasurer. Messrs. James John Brown, William MeBcan, Henry Elliot, Matthew Armour, Hugh Yallance. and tho Reverend William Baker. Tho following Ministers of tho Gospel wcro pro- sent at the laying of tho foundation stone, nnd took part in the ceremony, namely— „ The Reverend William Ross, Minister of tho Scots' Church, Goulburn, and the The Reverend Frederick Arthur Cecil Lillingston, Incumbent of Saint Clement's Church, Yass. Architect — Mr. William Carson, of Goulburn. Contractor — Mr. Charles llardy, of Wagga Wagga. Builder— Mr. W. n. Downey, Yass. Mr. J. P. Ritchie, tho hon. treasurer of tho building fund, then stntcd that tho subscriptions received on behalf of the church amounted to 120/. 4s. 10d., of which sum thero had already been expended 105/. 4s. Od. Tho building is es timated to cost about 000/., without the interior fittings. There therefore remained to be collected about 172/. in order to meet tho expenso of tho present- contract. A considerable portion of this sum has since been promised, hut it wns con sidered that additional subscriptions to the amount of 100/. would lie required to completo the build ing, exclusive of the pulpit ami scats. Tho Uov. W. Ito-'s then delivered tho following ad dress : -It is always both gratifying and honourable to tako a pari, however humble, in what concerns the moral and social well-being of the whole or a por tion of our fellow-colonists. Thero is a mystic tie iviiich, though frequently not recognised and often ignored, i una through tho entire community, variously ns it is markod by differences of opinion and antago- nisms of beliefs, nnd fails not to elicit the admission, more or less strongly, that what has a clear tendency to honefit ono section of tho ponplo cannot hut help forward by its influence the general good. Thore are institutions which aro strict ly universal in their application, embracing in their philanthropic opera- tions none of tlio peculiarities of sect and creed, and rogardiug nil men as objects entitled to I lie Idossings they are intended to confer. To tho ostuhlishment and support of such institutions wo can contribute without awakening tlio least scruple of conscience, without disturbing tho repose of religions toleration, nnd without nlnrm to those little hut susceptihlu hos tilities which are ever ready to leap to arms on other grounds. Tho reason of this is obvious. Thu indi viduality is lost in tho grand gunoiality. Tho great voice of chaiily. as it rolls from hosoin to bosom, kindles its own fine enthusiasm from henrt to heart, and strikes tho chords of its o vn heavenly harmony in evury son! ; or, thu nohlu feeling of brotherhood, sweeping along from soul to soul, sPunces thu selfish nnd discordant, and evokes thu fullness of sympathy, that it may rejoice in its bruad and reciprocal notion We obsorvu this when a people nro eolehrating tho nnnivursary of some illustrious oventin Ihuir history, when they aro reviving tho memories of tlioir pntriuts nnd tlioir horoes, anil their pride nnd grntitudu nro dwelling on tho di interostodncss of tho former nnd thu undaunted bravo' y of thu Inttor. But when, on an occasion like this, wo nro assemhlud to lay tho foundation stono of a church to ho dedicated to the worship of God after a certain form, wo cannot expect that alt will or tan join with us in our peculiar feel ings of pleasure, ivhethe.r springing from associations of country and education, or from the higher and inoru sacred infincnces of religious faith and expe rience. And yet, on tho wide basis of Bcripturnl trulh, every Protestant, whatever denomination he is of, lins ono common point of faith witli us, nppenls f w his guidance in spiiitual things to tlio snmo stan dard, draws his religious knowledge from the saino source, rejoices in the revelation of tho Homo truths, and derives his hopes of salvation from th: same S.ivinur, iho rend .Tusus Christ. And he, whilo maintaining to the full his own ocelosinsticnl differ ences, without parting with a shrad of his denomina tional badge, without detracting from his devoted- noss to his own ivoll-loved sanctuary, and without lowering tho dignity of his own Christian association, w . v 1 1 » in v 1 1 w ui li i u uinriiy iijql wihiiciii no "viij and that onvielh not, lend his countonanco, afford his prayers for our success, nnd heartily wish us tlio iilossing of the Lord God I'rotostants aro divided, it is true, and I think their divisions, though sometimes nccompaniod by much that is painful, are productive of grantor advantages than disadvantages But still, I'mlcstnnts, who are really such, hold tlio ono faith ; nnlwnrdly they are sepnrated, they will not ninnlga- mate: their union is not now possible, though thero nro afiiuitics between tliom which hind thorn to tho doctrine of the ono mediator hotwoon God nnd man, nnd servo ns a centre of unitj- in endeavouring to promote the interests of tho Gospel, nnd ad vance the cau'o of tho Hedcemor's kingdom in tho world. Tho vaiious Protestant charchus are like the soveral regiments in a great army— the uniforms nro unlike, the facings of tlio uniforms aro various, but the colours have nil tho insignia of nationality upon thorn, tho arins aro all from tho nuthoiised armoury, and thu disciplino, in tho hour of nuod, causes tho whole to fall into their places to defend Iho honour of thu crown, nnd light for tho common liberty of thought and conscience. Knob linn its own duties to perform in doing battle with tho enemy of souls. Each follows tho courso best cal culated in its estimation of scriptural truth fur secur ing tho blossings of religion to its ndhorents. Each keeps its watch-fires burning on its own high places to direct tho erring and tho wnnduring. Eaeli sands forth its own heralds with tho hcavouly commission, tho open Bible, to proclaim the nccoptabla yoar of tho Lord, tho day of tlio redemption of our God, to thoao who are dond in trespasses and sins; nnd each goes forth among dustituto souls carrying tho corn and tho bread of heaven to food them if they will, and to invito thorn with the glorious gonornsily of Iho divine love to sit down to tho foa?t of good things which arc provided in tlio everlasting eovonant. Wo can rejoice to seo tho flag of England's groat Ohurch floating majestically amongst us. Wo can ro- joico to seo tho bright banner of tho noble Wesloyan Church unfolding itself in light- in hundreds of thousands of dosolato homes and families Wo can rejoice to boo the liberty honoured banner of Indo- poudoncy expanding with its historic fnithfulnoss amongst us. Wo can n joico to, boo the choice elabor ate banner of the Baptist Church displayed amongst us, dropping the blessings of saving truth in abun dance Wo can rojoico to see the banner of the Priinilivo Methodist Church carried with success by oarnost and loving men to tho rescue of the perishing and the ruined. We can rejoice in sooing the wholu Protes'ant churches in their mighty squadrons, sailing on tho ocean world, and bringing into captivity to Christ handfuls of spoil from overy climo and continent and island, to bo dedicated to His houour and His glory, .and wo can rejoico in seeing tlie venorable banner of tho somowhat sternly rugged and simple Presbyterian Ohurch waving amongst us. to take its hnmblo sharo in publishing tho gruatness of Christ's crown, the riches of Christ's covenant, nnd I lie frcenoss of Christ's salvation. But thero is s mo- thiug mora to ho desired — some more beautiful sight still to bo rejoiced in — some mora surpassing sceno of Christian grandour to bo witnessed — sotno emblem of more heavenly kind to adorn tho churches — evon tho banuor omblazoned with tho white dove of ponce, boruo by oach church and oach Christian, to remind us_ that we aro all brethren, and should be of ono mind and spirit in Christ Josus our Lord. And may I not ask tho good wishos and tho God speed of tho fripnds of tho gospel who aro now prosent. I nm suro they will ansivor, wo pray God to prosper tlio work of your hands, to bring to tho doBirod issuo Iho beginnings of this day, and to make this house to bo built in His holy name tlio gate of salvation to many. When I look back some yoars, I can remember how aur causo in Yass was without a representative in tho ministry Ordinances were hut seldom administered, and our pcoplo wore. loft to food iu other folds, or to woep when thoy romomherod tlioir Zion in tho land that was f ir away. Iu tlio course of timo tho want was supplied, tiio lamp was lit and trimmed, and kopt burning for a few years by ono who had expe rience, who had cou itcd tho towers of Zion, who know whero their - strongtli lay, and who had long homo tho vessels of tho sanctuary in his nativo land. I alludo to tho lato Uov. William Ritchie, tho first Presbyterian minister settlod in (IBs. Ho wns abundant in labours whilo boro — at UIb mouth tho trumpet gave forth no uncer tain sound — it rung out cloar aud loud, nnd thon gently, softly, nnd mildly. IIo brought forth his new nnd his old things, Btrong moat for thoso who could bonr it, and milk for tho babes in tho word. Ho ran his raco a faithful nnd honoured sorvant of tlio Lord. Ho had the truth for his foundation and graco for the stay of his soul. Tho virtuos of man ho richly possessed, and tho spirit of holinoss unto tho Lord dwolt in h|B lioart. Lovo for tho souls of man animatod this faithfal ministor. Lovo to his master reignod supremo in his soul. Watchfulnoss for the good of Zion was his constant caro. In Iho pulpit ho proachod Christ and foarod no man. Ho was sont on tho mission of an ovangolist, and ably, sincerely, anil honestly did he diacbargo its solemn functions. His work was. done. Ho was called aivny ripo io yours but ripor in faith. In ponce he laid down liis sword and buckler, ami passed to receive his crown Tho inomory of tlio rightoous shall flourish. His honours shall only ho disclosed in eternity. I am glad that this stone lias been laid by Mrs. Ritcliio ; it may swoolen her remembrance of tlio past, by 'lie tlioiu'lit that she has boon spared to seo tlio beginning of what Mr. Ritchie so earnestly prayed for. That stono may ho tlio momorial of prayers which tho oar of man novor hoard; and I would express my hope that Mrs. ltichio may ho privileged in tho goodness of God to sit for yoars to como as a worshippor in this house, pro she is summoned to ho one of tho ivliitc-clothcd blessed in tlio house not made with hands, eternal in Iho hunvens. It is pleasnnt to notice some of the old Presbyterian stnndnrds of my first acquaintance in this district. They have adhered zealously to their principles, nnd tbat ndlieronce is now about producing its fruits, which may th y reap with much satisfac tion nnd spiritual joy. But I miss ono this day whoso delight wai in this cause — who was as firm to its interests, as ha was onlightod in tint doctrines of the faith. Wo both crossed tho noonn nenrly twenty- six years ngo. By '.ho will of God ho has departed, which is far bettor; and whilo we grieve nt tho blank, wo must bo resigned, for his days wcro full, andjhis soul wns ready. This short tribute I pay to the memory of Mr Alexander McB-'an— honest in nil his relations, upright in all his actions, ruspectcd by all who know his worth, trustod by all for his in tegrity, and true to tho Zion whose son he was nod 'whoso good ho sought with tlio Christian steadiness of his straightforward nature. Thero is yet another namo I would muntion among my old Presbyterian acquaintances in Yuss I mean Mr Jnines Wood, lie has been always really to ; ivo good und souml advice, and to support what was boBt. This Mr. Wood did from his knowledge of the district, com bined with his knowledgo othorwise. I beg to ex press my thanks to Mr. Wood, and to say that ho has boon useful as a friend of our causo, and every way desirous to promote its interest. He iH worthy of rospcct, and m-'rits tho host wishes of tlio Presby terians for his sorvicos. Wo owe him our thanks and gratitudo for what ho has dono, nnd for what ho will, 1 liavo no doubt, yot do. James Wood was a standard of our cause, nnd will still bo so, nnd I am glad to hco his lionost faco here this day. I hope ho will live to see this church finished, and to servo its interests for many yoars to com \ Again lot mo notice the liberality of tho gentleman who has presento'l you with tho sito for your church. T-i Mr Hume nro due the thanks of tlio Prosbyterinns of this district, and I nin sure cvory one of thorn will enrdirlly acknowledge their obligation.! to him for his gonoroiis gift. His ohnraotor is too ivnll known, and too highly appreciated, for mo to onlnrgo - upon it. Let us record our thanks to Mr. Hume. His niunu shall noL he forgotten ns long as this house stands. We wish him many dnys here and. a happy eternity horonfter. Tho Presbyterians of this digit ict have gi cat reason to ho grateful to tho friends who have con tributed so largely and numormisly to Iho building lurid. You have boon onriclicd by tbeir liberality — your united contributions liavo empowered you to roar a liouso of worship for yourselves. Thus you will will lie released from that wee bit crib of confinement, wlioro you were wont lo nsseiii'du and walk with tlio independent gait of Presbyterian churchmen to tho mora stately house on thu hill, having on ono flank thu doctor, on tho othor the hospital, in tlio renr another doctor. Wo will thou liavo tin glorious gnspol of tlio Hon of God lifcro in tl-o centra, nnd ti uly you need not bo afraid Ami now ivu ought to own thu fiugorof Gild, who has liulped us thus fur. Without His Mussing vain in the labour of mail. A church without tho gospel is a sorry sight A noble struuturo it may bo, loaded willi all the beauties which tho architect can design, and thn chisel of tlio mason can carve, but without tho preaching of tho grand durign of the sinner's snlvution, nnd of tho gifts and graces of thu saving spirit — alas I it will lie only n melancholy ivitnuBBof vour glory, nsnChrisLitin pcoplo, d-parteil — an image of lonoliouss and silence unbroken by tho glad tidings of groat joy, that to you is born a Saviour who is Christ tboLord. A church ivithiu thu walls of which Christ and Him cruuifiud is tint boldly, de cidedly, nnd uncompromi-ingly preached, reminds inn ftf a atiih'lv nliin lit ni>n ilnant-f/nl liu Iiuitpaco flmtr hnvo loft their country's flag flying at tho main, Imt all olso is desolation. It is not the church that will snvo Y"u ; it is obudiuucu to tho doctrinos of Him who is tho llund in Zini. You nm -t drink from tho foun tain nf living waters— you must follow thodiolntes of His law and will. You must live for nnd in Christ — yon must ho a ponplo forvout in spirit, serving tho Lord. After prnyor by tho Rov. Mr. Lillingstoii, tho pro ceedings wore brought to a close. Fifiucu pounds wcro laid upon tho stono as contributions towards tho cost of tlio building. A number of tlio gontlemon prosent nn tho invita tion of thu Trustoos adjourned to tho Royal lintel, whero soveral toasts wuru proposed, including Mrs. Ritcliio, tho Rov. Mr. Ross. Mr. Hamilton Ihlino, tho Rev. Mr. Lillingston, Iho Trustees and Building Committee, Mr. James Wood, &c.; DEATH OF MR. LITHGOW. — This old nnd rc- spcctod colonist, who for very many years fillod the oflico of Auditor-General, cxpired on Satur day last, at his residence, North Shore, at the ripe ago ot 80 years, iho deceased gentleman was an extensive landowner in tho immediate neighbour hood of the eity of Goulburn, and at ono timo had a large sheep and cattle establishment at Bungen- doro. Wesleyan Parsonage. — The tender of Mr. W. H. Downey, ns agent for Mr. Hardy, of Wagga Wagga, for tho erection of tho Wesleyan Parson age at Yass, has been accepted. Tho plans wcro drawn by Mr. Mansfield, of Sydney, nnd tho eleva tion is ono of tho protlicst character, reflecting great credit on tho taste of tho designer. Wo understand tho estimate wns nbout 800/., nnd the amount of contract is some fow pounds less than it. INSOLVENCY. — A certificate meeting in tho estato of W. H. Downey will bo hold at tho Ohiof Com missioner's oflico, Sydney, on Tuesday, July 5th. mems 11 y a practical FaUMER and horticul- tcrist. — A gentleman residing in this district, thoroughly accomplished in nil matters connected with the farm and orchard, forwards us the fol lowing interesting moms on apples nnd pommcs ile terre. Some specimens of tho latter article accom panied the notes : — Tho apple is grown from socd of tho French pcarmain or Frcncli gray pippin, which I believe to ho ono and the same apple, Tho fruit resembles the parent in shape, in tho length of stalk, and holloivness of oyo; but in flavour, colour, and smoothnoss of skin rcscmhle3 the winter pcarmain. I nm, therefore, of opinion that blossoms of tho parent have boon impregnated with the farina from tho blossoms of the wintor pear- main by bees and other insects. Tho tree also seems to partake, of the two, in shape like tho French pnarmain, but in strength nnd courso hard ness of wood like tho winter penrmnin ; a strong grower, with very large loaves, and forms fruit buds freely. Nearly two years ago I grafted a trco witli a graft from it, standing a few yards oft' in tho same soil and situation, and a layer aud cut ting off its root. By such means I will bo ablo fully to provo whether it will bo worth growing, and I tlunk from appearances that it will bo one that will not bo likely to ho much nft'ectcd with American blight; if so, that will bo one good re commendation, as there aro so many of our best varieties so much affected with it in this colony. Tho potato is grown from the apple or socd en velope from tho Dcrwent, or tho potato generally grown in this district for the last twenty-ono years. You will see from thoso how easily wo might have ns good nnd as great a variety hero as in any part of tho world. As this is the first year's growth, thoy cannot bo judged until thoy aro grown at least another year, although they are as largo as thoy usually are in tho mother country, Scotland, in tho Bccond year. I merely forward thorn to yon, as wo havo no horticultural society hero, to show them, and I do so with this view— that somo of our fannors or horticulturitts may turn their at tention to tho growing of seedlings ; and it may bo that, whon we havo a scarcity, somo of us may get n silver, if not a golden modal, for his enter prise and industry. Money Order Office. — It is said that Mr. Dil lon, Into Postal Inspector, has been offered tho Superintendence of tho Monoy Order Office. FLOOD AT JUGIONG. — A correspondent writing from Jugiong, under dato Tuesday, says: — Last night the Murrumbidgco ran hank high, and oven covered a portion of tho flat. Tho roar of tho mighty waters could bo distinctly henrd at some distance, even nbovo the howling of tho wind, which blew almost a gale. This morning tho river is about thrco feet lower, still it is higher than it has known to liavo been for somo years. — Another correspondent, whoso note is dated Thurs day, says: — Tho information given you respecting the recent flood and the Jugiong Crook cannot bo that of an eyo-ivitness, for it was higher than any sinco 1852, nnd has caused tho displacement of tho fenco rails, and otherwise damaged the bridge. SYMPATHY WITH CRIME. — It has boon frequently asserted — and in some solitary cases with truth — that there exists throughout tlio country districts a sympathy for crime and a disinclination to bring offenders to justice. As a proof that tho people of Yass and its neighbourhood cannot lie included in this category, wo would desire to call special at tention to tlio criminal sittings lately held at Yass. The court was opened on the 13th instant, heforo Judge Meymott; Mr. Templeton. Crown Prosecu tor, conducting the business for tlio Crown. And tho result of tlio cases — twenty-two in number — so far as convictions aro coneornod wo believe arc not only unprecedented hern, lint throughout the colony. Twenty convictions and two acquittals, and in thoso two cases tho jury arrived at their decision through tho express direction of tlio pre siding judge, so that in no caso did tho jury acquit on facts. "Whether this result has been brought about 'by tho evidence educed in support of tlio charges, or by tlio tact displayed in the eon- duct of. them, it at all events proves that when eases are explained clearly and fully to a Y"ass jury they mete out proper justice to offenders. THE JUDGE IN ROGER CORCORAN'S CASE.—The concluding observation mado by the judge in pass ing scntenco on Roger Corcoran, as reported in our last issuo. being liable to misinterpretation, wo consider it desirable to make tho following .explanation: — His Honor said lie hoped tho leniency of tlio jury towards tlio prisonor would not indueo others to net as tho prisoner had dono, for it was very possible that if they did tlio jury that would try them would find a different verdict — meaning that of cattle stealing. The Local Post Office. — The following me morial to tho Colonial Treasurer for tlio appoint ment of a lottor carrier nt Yass is in the courso of signaturo, and lias already received a great many names, including many of tlio business men of tlio town, aud thoso who employ the postal de partment to a considerable extent. Wo fully agree with the memorial that the duties of tlio postmas ter arc exceedingly arduous, owing to Hie hours for the receipt and dispatch of the many mails that are mado up hero, and liavo always consider ed that by tlio appointment of a suitable letter carrier those labours could lie lightened, as well as the public convenience promoted by tlio delivery of letters and papers. Towns that havo not so large a population ns Yass enjoy tho services of such an olliecr, and, therefore, there can bo no valid reason for refusing tlio prayer of tlio memo rialists. Mr. Pierce Goold, our present postmaster, is certainly a most painstaking and obliging olliccr, and ivo should ho indeed sorry wcro ho to resign on account of the very groat fatigue incident to his ollicc. To tlio Honourable tlio Colonial Treasurer 1 Tho memorial of tho undersigned inhabitants of Yass re spectfully showotli.— That tlio postal business of Yass is now oqunl to that of any othor tmvn in tlio Southern Districts. That tlio postal business of a town does not, in nil cases, depend upon tlio number of its inhabitants, and lint thu posinl business of Yass cannot lie properly estimated by snob n stand ard. That the duties to and hours (luring which tlio Postmaster in Yass lias to attend I lie oflico aro nrdiious and rnquira assistance. Tlmt tlio appoint ment of an intelligent letter carrier wnuhl ho a boon to the inhabitants, and wou'il also, by bis assistance, lighten, in somo measure, tho Postmaster's indiums duties. For tiio abovo reasons your memorialists would respectfully bog leave to press upon you tlio propriety of making sueii an appointment. Your memorialists should bo sorry to lose tho services of tlio present Postmaster, which I hey apprehend may bo possible, as tlio hours of business are so lato and so early that thoy believe no single person can per form thorn for any lengthened period of lime. Your memorialists trust that you will take this matter into your host consideration, and will, as soon as practi cable, appoint a letter carrier for Yass. And your memorialists, as in duty bound, will over pray. UNCLAIMED LETTERS. — Letters to tho following addresos are lying at the General Post Office, Sydney. Parties applying for them must state the number of list (10) and dato (15th May 1801) also tho number opposite the name: — Ship Letters. — 2 Mr., Baldassare, Yass ; 9 Laurence Bartley, Gun- dagni; 25 James Brown, Yass; 11 R. Clarey, Esq., Gundagai ; 4 F. II. Darling, Burrowa ; 22 William Greeves, Esq., Gundagai ; 7 James Harvey, Gun dagai ; 20 William Miles, Yass ; 27 John Moller, Gun dagai ; 21 Petor Stademann, Gundagai ; 9 Charles Thompson, North Gundagai: 20 George Williams, Yass. -Colonial Letters. — 21 Alfred Atkins, Yass: 27 Henry Beacham, Yass ; 28 D. Beattie, Yass : 41 A. Besson, Gundagai (2) : 7 1 William Boyd, Gundagai : 80 William Brackcr, Yass : 81 Thomas Bray, Yass (2) : 82 Mr. Brash, Gundagai : 87 R. P. Brickwood, Gundagai : 98 James Brown, Yass : 102 Mrs G. R. Brown, Yass 103 II. W. Browell, Yass : 110 W. E. Burton, Yass: 119 A. Bush, Gundagai (2): 127 Alfred Byrne, Yass : 128 W. Byrne. Yass: 32 Robert Carks, Yass : 35 James Casey, Gundagai : 41 Jim. Cellen, Yass: 101 James Connell, Yass : 111 Robert Cox, Yass : 120 George Crocker, Yass: 130 David Curtin, Yass (2): I Jose Dalmedo, Gundagai: 5 Robert Daunt, Gundagin: 13 Mr. Darnley, Burrowa: 21 Edwin Davies, Gundagai: 20 Wm. Davis, Yass : 30 P. Delaney, Yass (2) : 05 Margaret Duffey, Gundagai; 73 Thomas Drummond, Gundagai: 2 E. Eagar, Yass (0): 13 Edmund Egan, Yass : 21 W. Ellison, Gundagai : 3 Mrs. P. Falling, Yass : 25 F. Flanagan Yass (2): 12 E. Frampton, Gundagai : 40 J. Freeman, Burrowa; 48 Thomas Frizell, Yass ; 3 1 R. Gorman, Yass ; 35 Richard Gover, Gundagai ; 40 W. T. Groves. Gun dagai; 51 Robert Greig. Yass; 52 W. S. Griffiths, Gundagai; 17 James Harvey, Gundagai; 18 R. Harrington, Yass (2) ; 21 Thomas Henry Hart, Yass (2) : 05 Richard Hill, Yass(2); 70 Francis Hoffman. Gundagai; 102 Jno. Honie, Gundagai; 114 Thomas Hulton, Ginnindcrra: I P. Jackson, Yass; 13 Stephen Johnson, Gundagai; 5 Jno. Kelly, Burrowa ; 0 Henry Kelly, Burrowa; 17 J. Kerr. Burrowa ; 24 George King, Gundagai ; 7 Jno. Lane, Burrowa (2) : 22 T. Lee, Yass ; 24 H. Lchann, Burrowa ; 31 A J. Lewis, Yass; 32 O. Lewis, Yass : 49 Andrew Lynch, Burrowa; 50 Thomas Lund, Yass ; 39 Alexander McIntyre, Gundagai : 39 S. McKcnzie, Yass (2) 4 1 Mr. McKeig, Yass (2) : 44 Daniel McKoy, Yass : 51 W. McLachlan, Yass : 93 Mrs. Matson, Burrowa : 97 Peter Mealey, Yass : 1 1 1 T. Millard, Yass : 1 34 Thomas Moxwell, Gundaroo : 110 Wm. or Jno. Murnanc, Yass : 147 Mr. Murrel, Yass : 152 Thomas Murphy, Burrowa : 31 John Rixon, Gundagai ; 03 Mrs. Ryan, Yass; 12 Jean Schtatarman, Gundagai: 13 Thomas Sickolde, Yass: 25 Michael Sheeran, Gundagai : 28 Wm. Shunen, Gun dagai ; 55 J. P. Smith, Yass : 04 Edward Smith Yass; 85 Jno. Stevens, Yass : 113 Sykes & Co.,; Burrowa ; 0 Samuel Taylor, Yass ; 48 T. R. Turner, Yass ; 1 James Upton, Gundagai ; 3 J. Wallace Gundagai ; 15 Robt. Ward, Gundagai ; 25 William Weiss, Burrowa; 29 J. West, Gundagai : 31 Robert White, Gundagai : 44 j Mr. Williams, Yass : 48 G. Williams, mason, Yass ; 00 Jno, Wilson, Yass; 70 Alfred Worne, Gundagai; 2 Jno. Yeo, Burrowa. The Recent case of Stickino-up nv " Morgan" the Bushranger. — A correspondent sends us full particulars of tlio late meeting with Morgan tho bushranger which lie has just received from the party stuck up. Ho says that tho sufferer in this case was Mr. D. F. Johnston, eldest son of Mr. David Johnston, J.P., of George's Hall, who was on his way to Mclliourno witli stock, in company with Mr. Robert Betts, and a stockman. Tlio party having arrived at tiio Round Hill, near Mr. Ucnty's station, stopped, and having moved a. short distance off tho road for tho purpose of resting tlio stock and taking dinner, were suddenly surprised by Morgan, who presented his revolver at them and ordered the three to stand in aline. Having pitched upon Mr. Johnston, Morgan quietly told him to strip and turn out his pockets, from which wero taken 1 tZ. 15s. in cash. He thon said lie must have ono of the horses, and selected a fine lilaek mare, saddle and bridle; Mr. Johnston's valiso was likewiso searched, and his gold watch and chain takcu therefrom. Ho hogged Morgan to return the watch i it being a highly valued gift, hut the scoundrel — pulling from his pock0t another splendid watch- said to his victim tauntingly, lie should wear ono of that colour ; and then, taking his departure, com forted Mr. Johnston by remarking, that lie was rich onougli to buy another. Surely it is highVimo that theso daring acta were put a stop to, and the marauders secured, as othcrwiso travelling in the interior will neither ho practicable nor safe. — 8.M.II The Rev. Father O'Neill. — This gentleman is at length to remove from amongst us. The clerical changes some time ago announced in the Freeman's Journal were not thoroughly carried out, or we should liavo been deprived of Father O'Neill's min istrations long since ; hut the death of Father Tlicrry necessitates important changes, and those havo now to be strictly enforced ; the consequence is that our much respected Catholic clergyman. Father O'Neill, lias boon assigned to Burrowa, and his successor will lie Father Foley, from Deniliquin. This call on Father O'Neill was both sudden and unexpected, lie knowing nothing about it unt:l .Saturday evening last. The loss of the rov. gen tleman to this district will lie regretted, not only by members of his congregation, hut by all thoso who have hail the pleasure of his acquaintance. We have not heard the exact period wlten ho will tako his final departure, hut we presume that will be known in duo time. — Wynyard Times. Morgan Again. — On Saturday, Juno 1 1th, about two o'clock in tlio afternoon, Charles Marshall, hawker, of Christmas Town, Indigo Crock, Vic toria, was stuck up and robbed near Edgchill Sta tion, Mundawaddra. by the ruffian Morgan. Mar shall was accompanied by a young man in his em ploy, who brought the news on to Alhury yester day (Monday). Morgan, armed with a double- harroticd- rifle or carbine nnd several revolvers, rode out of the bush, stopped them, and took them a littlo off the road. IIo then ordered them to strip naked and searched their clothes, discovering about 150/, in cheques and 81. in cash, all of which he appropriated. This, however, not satisfying him, ho demanded whero the vest of the money was stowed, and being answered there was no more said, " well if I can't have it a fire will," and ap parently prepared to sot lire to tiic cart, goods and all. If such, however, were his intentions ho altered his mind, told the unfortunates to go a little distance into the bush, in sight, and not to niovo till they saw him leaving, lie then took the horses out of the waggon, out holes in the tilt for the pur poses of observation, and proceeded to tnakc a se lection from the various goods. Ladies hoots, in which he scorned to ho a connoisseur, drapery, hats, penknives, nothing seemed lo como amiss; and having selected a largo and valuable assortment, ho further took a loan of a chesnut mare and a side saddle, and packed the booty thereon most artistic ally. He then, without any remark, rode off through the scrub. Mr. Marshall managed to save 12/. In the sleeve of his coat: hut is determined, wc be lieve, to give up hawking nn this side of the river in future, as it is evidently a losing game. Some of the Alhury troopers and sergeant Smith must havo been very near tho spot at the timo tho robbery took plaee.- Harder Post. Mr. Buchanan's Sketch of Mr. Darvall. — Mr. Darvall is ono of tho most distinguished members of tlio Australian bar, if not tho most distinguish ed. IIo is a man between fifty and sixty years of age, is somowhat peculiar- looking, witli a strongly marked and intelligent faco, the prevailing expres sion of which is impcrturbably calm. He has a profusion of jet black whiskers, which almost cover liis entire face ; his features aro well formed, and he has a calm thoughtful look, with rather a sulky expression nbout the mouth. He lias littlo hair on his head, and is about tho only barrister who ever improved his nppearancc by adooting tho profes sional wig. Darvall does decidedly look bettor with the wig than without it. IIo has a lino intel- lectual forehead, heavy sleepy eyes, a dark sallow complexion; his face always retains the samo ex pression of calm indifference — not even tho excite ment of deb.ito alters it. Nothing seems to affect it in the slightest degree. Whatever ho feols. no reflection of his feeling . ever appears on his face: the same calm serenity eternally reigns there. IIo is slightly above the middle height, has a slender well-made flguro, moro dolicato thnn robust. Ho has a gentlcnianly refined appenranco, and a dig nified intellectual look and hearing. As a barris ter, Mr. Darvall has tho reputation of being tho first man at tho liar ; lie is considered by compe tent judges to lio a sound accomplished lawyer, and has always enjoyed a very extensive practice ; he has a quiet, fluent, easy address, and faces his work with all the calm determination of a hard working, painstaking counsel; ho is not on'c of those who carry their point by an animated, fiery, headlong appeal ; but ho reasons quietly and phi losophically. and with a rising force and power until ho ultimately succeeds in insinuating liis own view of the case, by an almost imperceptible pro cess, on the minds of his hearers, lie is considered a very safe man to entrust the conduct of import ant cases to ; his knowledge of law is extensive, Iuh judgment sound, and although ho does not possess all those high attributes of tho advoeato which distinguish the leaders of tho liar at homo, and render it a matter of such hopeless difficulty for even a first-rate man to make his way very quickly there, still his qualities and accomplish ments aro of that character which stamp him at once a very ablo and distinguished lawyer, and a plausible and forcible rcasoncr, and havo earned for him a large practice at tho bar,_ and a high re putation among tho ablest of his professional brethren. — Australian Nation. News from Wood's Point (Victoria) has not been so very exciting of late. Occasionally wo gather scraps of information. From a private letter shown us, we learn that at Emerald Hill, frcm the pro specting claim, Lochfyne Reef, tlio last crusliing yielded 5 oz. 15 dwt. gold per ton. Crushing from Nos. 1 nnd 2, Lochfyne Reef, gave 4 oz. por ton. A Human Skeleton found -.n a Hollow Tree. —The Ararat Advertiser of Friday publishes tho following : — A most singular discovery was mado on Wednesday last, near Campbell's Reef, by a bey who wns engaged hunting opossums. During his sonrch for tho game at a place callod Adclaido Hill ho perceived a tree which, from its appear ance, seemed a likely harbour. Climbing up tho trunk to a partially decayed branch, which formed tho first fork, ho succeeded in reaching its utmost end. On thrusting his hand down tho limb ho grasped not tho soft warm fur of the opossum, hut a handful of human hair. Tho lad immediately gave the alarm, and on examining it further it was found that there is a perfect human skeleton, wrapped in an opossum rug, concealed in tho old limb ; lput whether it is tlio remains of an aborigi nal or a European lias not yet been discovered. If the latter, tho position of the deceased is sug- costivo of foul nlav : if tlio former, it is not un- likely that some of tlio deceased's tribo adopted this niodo of sepulture, as it would bo a convenient way of approaching closely to tho habits of thoso who elevate their dead in tho limbs of trocs." FORBES.. — A telegram, dated Thursday evening, states — Tho amount of gold by last escort was up wards of 1509 ozs. Several reefs at tho Billibong havo proved failures, Christmas reef included. Business is overdone. Thero aro too many stores and public-houses. One evening this wook some commotion wns produced in Forbes by throe mounted men rushing up Laelilan-stacct, firing their rovolvors as they galloped on. The idea was at first prevalent that Hall and his two mates wcro repeating their Bathurst exploit, especially as tho men were well dressed and well mounted. It has since transpirod' that they wero Billibongites, and are likoly to appear at the policc-oflioc. Weather still dry but cloudy; gathoring, as if for rain. Sydney Wool Market. — The several produce auctioneers hold their weekly sale of wool and sheepskins on Thursday, at Lyons-buildings. The wool market was firm, and, where the lots wero for unreserved salo, full prices were realised. The Rosobrook clip, of 120 hales, was offurcd by Messrs. Mort and Co., and withdrawn, tho highest bid boing 18d, which was not within 2d of the ro- sorve fixed by tho owner. Sheepskins wcro in de mand, and met with a ready salo at last week's prices. Tho following was tho result of tho sales : — Messrs. Mort and Co. catalogued 225 hales of- wool, and sold 81. Tho only lots of irnportauco woro 12 hales fleece, Mil conjoined, ISA <1 ; 1 1 hales grease, Fxlt. 10d; and 8 hales llcuce. K, 18d. Prices ruled thus — Fleece, 10. Jd to 18id; grease, 8d to 10(1; handwashed, 12Jd to lsjd; scoured, 231d. Sheepskins : About 5000 were sold at from ijd to 7Ad por lb.; pelts, 2d por lb, — Messrs. Durham and Irwin offered III .hales of' wool, and sold 59. 12 bales of scoured llcccc, J over M, brought 2Gd, and 22 hales flccco and broken, eye brow ovor JT conjoined, lfijd. Tho- other lots realised tho following prices: — Fleece, Ifljd to ID.Jd ; scoured, 2fid ; locks and clippings, 8d to lOjd ; grCasc, 81(1 to 9 jd. About 2000 sheepskins were also sold at from Ud to Rid por lb. — Mr. O. B. Fbsworth sold 35 bales of wool; 10 hales of grease, marked \VJI), brought 7Jd. Prices ranged thus: — Fleece. 17d to20jd; handwashed, I71d to 20d; locks, lid to 12L1; scoured, 17Jd to 211(1. 2000 sheepskins wcro sold at from 5 jd to 91d per lh. — Messrs. Richardson and Wrench catalogued 01 hales nf scoured and handwashed descriptions, all of which found ready sale at full prices. The fol lowing brands may be quoted :— Mc&L; over Ool- lingwood, 18 hales, at 211d; Prinohostor over Col- lingwood, 14 bales, at 22d ; lV.fc.M over Colling- wood, 8 bales, at 221d; TIIA, 0 bales, at 15 jd. The sheepskins offered woro sold at 0.1 per lh. Stock Reports. — Goulburn, June 10. — Messrs. P. Dignam and Co. report: — Fat cattle: Small drafts of primo will meet a fair market, but any extra supply will cause an immcdiato glut. On Wednesday wo sold a mob, consisting almost en tirely of light cows, at 2/. to 21 4s. per head. Wc quote primo at from 3/. to 4/. Store cattle : Wc havo several enquiries for storo cattle, but buyors are giving us very low limits. Wo have sold 120 head mixed cattlo at 15s„ and 153 head ditto, at 10s.. nil ovor six months to couni. Also, 200 head equal sexes, 2 to 5 years, at 35s., deliverable at Yass. — Messrs. Finlay and ®o. report : — Fat cattlo : With the exception of a draft of the plainest de scription, which were sold ,nt a very low figure, nothing of note has passed through tho market this week. Wo havo given delivery to a draft of paddock fed cows, from Bairnsdalc, to Mr. Hugh O'Donncll. at 31, 10s. Shoep. — Wo have sold a flock of W. R. Reynolds, Esq.'s, to tho trade, at a fair marketable price. Primo may ho quoted as worth from 12s, to 13s. Od. Market firm for quality. Horses : Wo have sold several head at from HL 17s. 0d. to 21. 2s. Nothing lint strong colts will command attention. — It raid- wood, June 0\. — Mr. R. Craig reports ; 1 offered a draft of fat cattlo from Molonglo to-day. The owner bought them in at 3/. 10s. They are now under offer to a coast buyer ; they arc largo framed cattle, and in as good condition as could bo expected at this season of the yoar, and will no doubt die exceed ingly well. 1 cannot offer any inducement to thoso wlio have really good catlle. A bettor market may lie expected in a month. Prime cattle are worth 4/. ; second quality about 3/. Shoep : I disposed of 500 two-and-a-half to thrcc-and-a-half years old, small framed storo wethers, at 9s. 3d. Fat sheep aro dull of sale. — Mr. A. O. Bell reports: — Fat cattle: Tho demand is very limited. . A draft of Bowen and MoAlistcr's were offered, to-day. 70s. being tlio highest hid, they wero withdrawn. T still recommend stockholders to keep hack for a few weeks until tho present glut is worked oft". Fat sheep : No demand just now. Horses : There was a lot of wnll broken horses sold to-day, at from 31. to 7/. 10s. Strong horses in good condi tion anil well broken arc saleable: also upstand ing draught colts, fit for carriers. — Wayya Waye/a, June 10. — Messrs. F. A. Tompson report: — Littlo has been done in stock during tlio week. A small mob of good cattle in our hands liavo been sold at 40s. round. Mr. Frederick Uhisholm's moll have linen sold at 35s. for cows, and 10s. for bullocks ; and wo havo a herd under offer nt 38s. all over. Ono mob of oattle ( Davidson's) and one lot of sheep (Mortons), liavo crossed tlio liridge during tlio week, for delivery to tho purchasers named. On tho same dato, Mr. George Forsyth reports: — In stock, the station Marran, with 1100 sheop, cattle and horses, wore delivered to Messrs. Lavender and Wilkinson, this week. Mr. Ohishnlm crossed the bridge with a mob of store cattlo for delivery to Mr. A. Davidson, Bullcnhong. Messrs. Stinson's flock of owes in lamb crossed for Mr. Robert Mor ton. — Melbourne June 9. — Messrs. W. E. and A. S. King report: — Fat cattlo: 2,085 head of cattlo have boon yarded and sold to tho.trado, suiters, and country buyers, and tho inferior to Iho graziers. The demand for good and prime quality was brisk, and lato rates were fully maintained. The quality of the two last lots sold was superior to what w'o have seen for somo weeks, and higher rates were obtained at tho close of the market than at the opening. Second-rate and inferior quality, of which thero was a supply greatly in excess of re quirements, had to .submit to a reduction on late rates. Wc quote host pens of bullocks, very line, 8/. to 81. 15s. ; good do, G /. 10s. to 71. 10s.; second rate, light, 4/. 10s. to 5 Z. ; inferior from 21. to 3/. ; best pens cows, very lino, 71. to 8/. 2s. Od ; good (Io, 4/. to 4/. 10s ; second- rate, 3/. to 3/. 10s. And liavo sold from Gipps Land, for Messrs. J. King and Co. — 190 bullocks, including culls, 31. 7s. 5d.; 19 cows, do, do. 21. 10s. 3d. For Mr. Forster, from Boisdalc — 130 bullocks, at 4/. lis. 0.1.; and 15. cows, at 3/. Cs. 4d ; and sundry lots at quotations, including three at 9/. 10s., from Gipps Land. — Fat shoep: The sheep market was moderately supplied with 0,180, including some very good, which sold out readily at an advance on lato rates, while second-rate wethers were not in such demand, and were disposed of at last week's prices ; best wethors mado 10s. to 17s. Gd., and a few at 18s.; good, 14s. Gd. to 15s, Gd ; sccond- rato, 12s. to 43s. ITolloway's Ointment and Pills. — The dis heartened by ill-health need not he inconsolable, till they have honestly given a fair trial to theso trusty medicaments. One grand fact to bo noted is, that they arc impotent to do mischief in any case, because both ointment and pills aro composed of the finest balsams, which purify, regulate, and strengthen the animal economy. Every one may confidently recommend these remedies to tiieir friends alliieted by had health : they will free them from disease, and confer nn them the greatest good man can desire. Both external and internal mala dies have succumbed to the persevering use of Ilolloway's ointment and pills, when tho duration of some, and the excruciating pains of others, havo defied ordinary measures. 