- \- m m MELBOUHKE, Tueadaj Emung, Bu^auWaydu^ irt the weathor is \- ; K •W SYDNEY. Hie match at cricket w»« reaumed. Th« Twentv-two made eighty-three in their second* ianiciCT. The wettier WM hot afld duwstf. fie Goyemor prweat, but tiie ittciidt&cd; WM limited. ,* . There is a meeting at the Muonic Hall to-night to alleviate diitrew from ®oodi. A special meeting of tfca MarybMoe*!. Mtatag Board, waa Md ia tbe Board-room, yesterday, far the purpose of entertaining the matter ot the petitions of Richard James Umb, and Robert C. Ellison, as against the neat eiectkm of maaftcss for the Koroa* and Dunolly diriaio&a; nmMCtitely. There was a foil attandaaee, nine maabres bdsg preaent, Mr Lamb's case was firstcalled oo, and, prior to tbe taking of evidence, the Gbtbsm to. troduced Mr John MacDermott, Solicitor^ Maryborough, wbo waa retalood en behalf of the tianer. Mr. Granger, tbe fitting meenber, oonducted his own case. The coaaidentkn of the petition, and the hearing of the evidaooe, the attention of the Board, until boar in the afternoon, wben, ooncloikm of the cmae, tt waa that Mr. Granger was duly riantod Tfc* 4iacgsaion and evidence kwegbt b*ft« the Board ia ttis case, iavolvee a very important polatsf law, an<J the construction to be put on cerula aectioas ib* GoidfieUs Aet, with referent* to tfcs fcsalityofthe nominations of OwdMstas ftr M3a ng Board booors. The qoestk® of fc?itis»te qaalifcatioat of the nominators fortneu tbe principal point In dispute. The qaeatioo reatdns still <$«e as wr voderstand it to the iatsstSo* of Mr, &MBb;, to bring the matter before the 5npre«n* Oort. The bearing of Mr. ElUsoo'apctitloowasadjottmedtothe 16th test owing to a npreaentatioe trom tbat gsntieman, tbat 1st could not attend, having bten sabpa-tied aa a witoeaa at the Uonoliy Coanty Coort. Ilie monthly mwOsg of the Owarittas of the Maryboroogh Hospital, was beld oo Monday treeing, when were prcaeot: Ueasra. Madeod, (Presi. !), J. H. Gearing. V.P., Anderaon, Bcatty, Dwyer. The Boot Surgeon's monthly report will be foood in another column> and the busineas of the meeting shall be before ow readers aa J>.d»T. There no ieas than fifty one patient* in tht Uoajiital oo the ISrat day of the present month. Last evening at the meeting of the Borcwgh Council the application made oo behalf of Mr George Marshall, farpermiwmo to oe the Prince's Park, and to erect a etand ke. thereon. w*a UB- hesitatingly granted. Already in coonectoM with this instcb hare several names been seat lo to 111! up the Ave a aide to play with the English si«. and happy will be the AnatraUas cricketer w^o can make a little aeore against the talent of the Englishmen aa tbey will be divided. We are by oo means sorry to percslvt that a change baa bees male la the days for holding the bamr in augmentation of the fand forre-building the Cbnrcfc of England Schoolhouse, which, oo tbe Me " Saxby day" was blosna levei to the earth. It was originally intended to have bidden the bazaar in the firatweek in May, bat tbe probability of the visitors expected to be in the town on iheoocasuTnof tbe fsreweU match of the All-England twelve, has induced the promoters of thia really good work to Lave tbe bazaar opeud on tbe days they will be bete. No doubt the pretty fcoick factories which we have aome naaon to believe »rt in the coorse of preparation, will have to be 0. pedited rather more aharp^T U*n it was at fljst coo' ceived would be neceaaary. It will be perceiTad by ooi report of the proceed ings of tbe MaTyboroagb Comcil.lart eveoiag, that aa address was agreed upon, to be pn of wr represecUtiTea, Mr Kathanial Levi, MX.A., on the loaa tbat gentleman has sostaiced, in the death of bis wife. Sacred; di*pfy sacred, as at all times AwU be these sufcjects, wetbtak Boroogh Cooncil, wbo know ao maci of Mr. Levi's attention to the welfkre and impmreaeat of our town, have takea a gracrfal and proper step. The address is, we believe, the coropoaitioo of the Town Clerk, and is extremely well thought through and completed. Tbe land aale at Maryborough, held yeaterdsy at which several lots Id the pariah of Crai^i* were sold, was aomarikat thinly attended. We are enabled, through the ooorteayof an office- of the department, to give in another oolumn the particnlars of the lots aold. Barlow tbe inimitable, as be is ao freqseatly and joatly called, drew two good houses at Frayne's Theatre, DnnoJly, oe Friday and Saturday evenings hat. This is Mr Bariow's first viait to the district since his shipwreck IA the China SOL, and bis reception was moat cordial. The soBga,an< aad rock bar nature, (aad whicb it ia needless to aay wets wril nerved, more tapecially " Have you aeet ghost," and " On the China aide of JooUn." In the latter Mr Bartow gave « dcacriptioo of ahipwrwk, which be badalao praTioady^vwiln were alsu^widetad fa Ms wwl||»aih» Hawaa assistsd by UtftalUasa7,an tsceUest Sl'iH^hn ilrllniwUT. wboae M Asy ode mmV speech was a pertsct g«m In Its way, and •!«> by We wsw sbMii a aaapte ot aperiou* r^at DwKdl/, la* wetk, ibst M ban takso bf lV tective Lloyd ftota a CSiinamaa be met tetwaa Maryborough and that town. It appears tbat the man was known b> tbe detective as so old offimder in thU respect, so ha stoppad bim iatha raad, anl fcond abont a jMswywafeiit of the sparimu metal on bim. llowmr, owing to our defective laws, was not lohi* power to arrest him. Infect, thaw oonoteribit attide, and we a» iafimted thatlt U wefl known whsre It ia bein| made at the prewmt time by CUoeae. We thlak tlwt the law is paased to tmsadj&e; evil thebsttw. We see and bear many funny things in this neighbourhood occasionally, bst one of tbefem nice of lats is contained ia ap^nph «fov Talbot contemporary about a praoewiing of the Majorca Progress Committee, which inibrma the univorsU poblic tbat at a fflsetinf, beidoa the Mi of .A^/OSAAIMKNIMBMIEMSAPPIMEDTQ enquire into tl>e management of the various schools on Majorca." It is high time aomebody looked np Scliooii Art. as tl«re will be foundwho are the p pie to enquire into the "management" of aoboou Tlie Dunolly Coanty Court and Court of Mine* baa been postponed till the 13th and ISth instantt, we believe on aocount of the illness of JOdga Miuamoa,—(By way of Adelaide)—Go •vemor Bsrkly has suggeiied to teOM^O that the intermediate Australian mall should ran via Aden and Mauritius, to King George's Soand. It is believed O'Toole is stilTSn the Msuritios. DeLnts, first clwk, bo beta armted, 