THE WEEKS NEWS. Wool Sales —In our detailed report of London wool sales which had taken place since the receipt of our former advices, published in last week's paper, the sales by Mr, H. P. Hughes on November G should read as follows:—Ex Kent—JTS, 7 scoured at 25jd., 1 at 23d., 2 at 22d„ 9 at 21d„ 2 at 201d„ 1 , at liltd., and 2 at 1SU1.; instead of "TTS, 7scoured at 23td., 1 at 23d., 2 at 22d., and 9 at 21d." The tliree last items in the corrected statement did not appear in the circular from which we obtained our information. Pled eo-Pkeuxomia.—The following short and sharp remedy for this destiuctive disease is given in the Baltarai Star:—".An old lady, residing in the Ironbark Ranges beyond Clunes, has adopted the practice of chopping oft"half the tails of ail her cattle that have shown symptoms of pleuro pneumonia. Whether the profuse bleeding thus caused leads to the recovery of the cows it is diffi cult to say, but it is certain that the owner has lost fewer cattle by the disease than any other resident in the locality." Mn. Torrens. — We understand that the Government have, in accordance with the re guest of Mr. Torrens, granted liim an extension of his leave till December 1st. There can be no doubt that by this act the Government, while gratifying Mr. Torrens, will at the same time be serving the interests of the colony, for few men could labour so hard or so usefully for Soutty Aus tralia as Mr. Torrens has done during his 1 isit to England. The duties of the office will, we bMieve, be conducted as heretofore. Transportation.—We stated some time since that the Home Government had decided to pro hibit the future issue of conditional pardons in Western Australia. But we now learn that in ad dition to this the more important decision lias been come to of discontinuing the use of that colony as a permanent penal settlement. Her Majesty's Government have resolved not to carry out the recommendationsof the Committee on this point The efforts of the colonies have thus been crowned with succe:'s—the result, no doubt, of their earnest and unanimous protests. .English Mail Time-Table. — Li another column we publish the time-table of the India and Australia mail service as approved by the Post master-General in .November last. The German Club and Mr. J. W. Mac donald.—On Friday, the 22nd inst., pursuant to arrangement, a deputation, consisting of three members of the ^rman Club, waited on Mr. Macdonald, Commissioner of Insolvency, at his private residence, and presented him with an address engrossed on parchment and emblazoned with the German tricolour. The document referred to the courtesy of Mr. Macdonald in allowing the use of lus grounds to the Club for several years to celebrate their Christmas festivities, and united expressions of gratitude for his kindness, admiration for his character, with wishes for a prolongation of his life, a continuation of his good health, and an increase to the honours and distinctions he at j present so deservedly enjoys. Mr. Macdonald declared that he was always happy to receive Iris | German friends; that, so far from there being any necessity for any special acknowledgment on their part, the gratification had been mutual; and that, as his grounds should always be open to the Club j for their annual recreations, he hoped to have the i pleasure of seeing them for many years to come enjoy themselves, and to hear their very excellent music. We understand that it was the wish of | the Club not to make any parade of this matter, or that the names of the deputation or any member | of it should be made public. Water Supply Eon Thebarton. — For some time the water obtained from the Toncns for the use of the inhabitants of Thebarton was scant in quantity and inferior in quality. Tins was ascer- I tained to be consequent upon the diversion of the river water to the reservoir for the Adelaide j Waterworks, and the inhabitants of Thebarton ' considered they were entitled to share in a supply of the pure element drawn from the river which the citizens had in superabundance. Accordingly a few of the leading inhabitants of the village addressed the "Commissioner of Public Works upon the subject, requesting that a main should be laid along or near to the Port-road, and offering to pay for the water so supplied to Thebarton. Their letter was referred to the City Council, and that body consented promptly to the continuation of a supply-pipe from West-terrace through Cor poration property to a point where the Thebarton people could have a stand-pipe erected for their own use. The only stipulation made by the City Council was that the supply-pipe should be laid in the plantation adjoining, and forming part of the Port-road, and that for the protection of city property the work should be carried out under the superintendence of the City Surveyor That work was completed on Tuesday last, and duly celebrated the same evening by an entertain ment at the Foresters' and Squatters' Arms, Mr. Pearson, Chairman of the West Torrens District Council, presiding. This great advantage has been secured to Thebarton chiefly by the exertions of Mr. Pearson and Messrs. Dew and Hemingway, also District Councillors, who have made them selves personally responsible for the expense in the first instance, on the understanding that they shall be repaid by the consumers of the water. The Government have attached a meter to the main intending to charge at the rate, we understand, of | Is. 6(1. per thousand gallons supplied. Effects of the Melbourne EFloods.—The I Argus publishes the following:—"The recent j floods and unusual nuns have inflicted a very j heavy blow upon the farmers, market-gardeners, and cultivators generally around Melbourne, and ] consequently the city markets have most seriously j felt the destruction of many sources of supply. Shortly, it may be stated that in the place of some ! 353 puts coming loaded into market on the best days about Christmas, only from 200 to 250 have , been in the market, showing a falling off from 100 to 150 on the Saturdays, the last of the old and the first of the new year. In the matter of fruit; it appears that, although all descriptions have 'suffered, cherries and grapes have-been the most injured. The fine sorts of cherries which are usually in force at this season are only repre sented in Melbourne by imported fruit of an inferior kind from Tasmania. This year's supply of grapes (in this district) will be a poor one, arising 'from the factthat the vines were in blossom at the [ date of the recent rains, and were, consequently damaged during the heavy gales and storms. Plums, apples, and apricots, which have just cpme I in, and are moderately supplied, liare not ] been so much affected by the disastrous weather, but the crops will show poorly both in quantity and quality. The losses have in some cases been ruinous to the gardeners and cultivators from Johnston-street Bridge up the banks of the Yarra; and as ah instance of total destruction of a fine garden—that of Mr. Power, near the bridge mentioned, may be cited, as he was about the largest grower of the best classes of fruit in that locality. Everything in the way of fruit has been swept away; and all tip the Yarra, as far as gardens could be found upon its hanlm, such damage has been done that not a single 1 thing now coming into the market is from this j quarter. Potatoes have felt the deleterious in- ; fiuence of the heavy and unusual rains besides, .the cultivation of this tuber on the banks of the i Yarra near Heidelberg having been totally de- i stroyed. The cultivators in the East Brighton { district have also suffered from the recent and : recurring rains and caterpillars; and Mr. Myers and Mr. King have lost respectively 40,000 and 25,000 head of cabbages, besides other market produce. The home-grown fruit now coming into market is chiefly from Brighton and Heidelberg, hut unless we get fruit from the sister colonies j Melbourne will this season be very -poorly supplied. The potatoes, also, which are now being forced upon the market are only so pressed forward because they will not bear keeping; and although the present market price is a'very "low average, it may be feared that a scarcity corresponding to the I apparent glut of this week will be felt very soon, for the crops planted just before the late rains are i a complete failure." Adelaide Local Court.—The case of Collins v. Dempsey, for the recovery of a tenement, set down for trial by the I/Ocal Court of Full Juris diction'(Civil) on Friday week, was settled out of Court. Port Adelaide Youno Men's Society.—a soiree in connection with the above Association was held on Tuesday evening, January 26, at the St Paul's Schoolroom, when a large number of persons were present and the proceeds were de- j voted to the fund for completingSt. Paul's Church. The Eev. C. Marfyat presided, and the Secretary j (Mr. G. L. Anthony) read the report, from which we extract the following particulars.;—The Society was established in July last with eight members, and the number had since increased to 16. At I first the members were rather backward in bringing i up original papers; but latterly a number of inte resting papers had been read. Debates had also been held on a variety of subjects. The business for each month was arranged as follows:—First ! evening. Scripture; second, recitations; third, essay or debate; fourth, reading, history, or i science. A short paper was also read each evening. The object of the Society mas mutual improve ment, and the members expressed a ihope that, under the direction and with the assistance of | their President (the Eev.- C. Marryat), very bene ficial results would ensue. The audience were requested to bear in mind that this was the first occasion they had had the honour of apppearing in public, and to bear with them in their effort. _ The entertainments of the evening consisted of a'number of recitations delivered by the members! of the Association, some amateur vocal and instrumental music, and a lecture by the Rev. C. Marryat, the subject being "Wit and Folly." The recitations of some of the young i men were highly creditable, and they were awarded the applause of the audience in manner which showed that their efforts were ! appreciated. The lecture was both instructive and j summing In the first part the lecturer referred : to various descriptions of wit, quoting from several clever humorists, and spoke *of, wit being turned to folly. In the second part be gave a brief account of the life of Hook, and in con rinmnn drew from it a useful moral for young persons. The lecturer was loudly applauded, ana the usual compliment paid him. The meeting concluded with the National Anthem. The Alexander Schooner.—A full account of the stranding of the Alexander schooner at Moonta Bay will be found in our Wallaroo corre spondent's letter, in another part of this paper. i Departure op Old Colonists. — By the ' mail steamer Alexandra, whieli sailed from ! Gieuelg about 3 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, i our respected fellow- colonists, Mr. and Mrs. ■ Faulding, took their departure for England, j A considerable number of Mr. Paulding's j personal friends accompanied liim to Gieuelg to bid him and Mrs. Faulding farewell. Just before i the mail-boat started several gentlemen met in one of the rooms of the Pier Hotel, and champagne being produced, the Hon. A. Forster, in a few well selected words, proposed the health of Mr. and Mrs. Faulding, wishing them a safe voyage and a speedy return to South Australia. Mr. Faulding feelingly replied, expressing his sense of the honour done to him by the presence of so many gentlemen J 011 the occasion of his departure, and promising, in reply to a good-natured hint lyhich Mr. Forster had given him, to do his best while in England on behalf of the " Albert Peal of Bells." On the mail-boat leaving for the steamer three hearty cheers were given by those on the jetty, which were responded to by Mr. Faulding's friends who accompanied him on board. We understand Mr. Faulding intends staying at home eighteen months or two years. The Lord Raglan.—'The following paragraph, headed "A Waif from the Sea," appeared in the Ncwry Commercial Telegraph of November "9, 1S63, as quoted from the Dundee Advertiser:— ** A young woman belonging to the neighbourhood of Elie, while coming along Largo Sauds the other day, picked up a bottle below high water-mark, firmly corked with paper which evidently had beeu in contact with lire, and contained the following statement, plainly written on a small slip of soiled paper:—'Lord Raglan, September 24.—Fire broke out in the fore-cabin, and is destrojing the ship.' This paper is carefully kept, and maybe seen by any who may feel interested in the matter." It will be recollected that the Lord Raglan left the River Mersey in February last year with 300 passengers for Australia, and a compari son of dates and a reference to the point of de parture and the place where the bottle was said to have been picked up will go far to throw doubt upon the genuineness of the information. Curiosities in Spelling.—We have received from the Rev. Messrs. Haining and Gardner a sort of tractate or pamphlet—we hardly know how to designate it—with the rather fanciful title, " Glimpses into the Unseen and Unknown." These rev. gentlemen were examiners in English at the late Competitive Examinations in this colony; and as some exception was taken to their reports, they have, we presume, in self-defence printed a list of the mistakes in spelling and in composition which the various papers contained. While some of the errors are of a trivial nature, and the mode in which they are dealt with might perhaps suggest a hyper- criticism in the examiners, we are bound to admit that taken as whole they indicate a lamentable ignorance of their mother .tongue on the part of the competitors. Had the ages of the writers whose papers are analysed been given, aud the schools in which they are pursuing their educa- tion been mentioned, we should have been in a better position for judging of the state of educa- tion in the colony and of the efficiency of our scholastic establishments. We do not say that the examiners were bound to give either the one or the other. By the publication of their "Glimpses" they have, we think, justified the very severe criticism which they passed on the papers which they had to examine, and it is evident that in teaching the elements of a good English education much remains to be done by the various teachers in Adelaide. We make these remarks, of course, on the supposition that the inaccuracies are fairly transcribed; and from the characters of the examiners we have no reason to doubt this. There are several minor mistakes in the instances quoted which persons j of fair education might easily make; but nothing > can justify the ciass ignorance of the irreverent ■ young dog who wrote " Mr. Gardener's Cbapell" ; for " Mr. Gardner's Church." I An Australian Monster.—An account of an j extraordinary encounter with a formidable A us- | tralian monster has been forwarded by Mr. McCormack. 'He states that "on Tuesday, the; 22nd ult., as the reapers in his Ipaddock were re* j freshing themselves, they were alarmed by a j tremendous shout. Upon looking round, they j perceived a young man, named Dwyer, running j with all his might and jumping a three-rail fence, j closely pursued by a monster. At length Dwyer 1 had the com age to stop, and taking a big stick, j threw it at the beast as it was ascending one of . the trees. He looked very frightened; and well he ! might, for as he was sitting down in the paddock meditating on bygone days, the animal crawled ; through his legs, to his great astonishment. After jumping the fence, he crossed the road three j times, the wandegong (the name given to the ■ reptile) following him closely. It was soon brought to grief, as all the reapers came up and quickly j dispatched the curious animal It measured 10 ! feet from the nose to the tail, has very formidable j teeth, and resembles the iguana. It fought well j for half an hour, advancing and retreating as j suited the occasion."—Melbourne Age, Jan. 8. Inland Matt, Contracts.—At the request of a correspondent at Kadma we repub- j lish from the Government Gazct'e the fol lowing list of contracts accepted for the ] inland mail service for three years, from ; January 1, 1S61, including the names of the con tractors, the routes, and the amounts per annum: —M. Bariy, Gilberton and Stockport, £29 15s.; F. Blancow, Salisbury and Onetree Hill, £25; W Bowden, Adelaide and Enfield, £35; W. Butcher, Adelaide and Burnside, £30; W. Carxuthers, Angipeua and Mount Margaret, £479 10s.; Yuda namutana and Blanchewater, £150; R. Condon, General Post-Office and Adelaide Railway Station, &c.;, £151; M. H. Crosby, Adelaide and Thebartou, £15; W. Daily,. Gawler and Mount Crawford, £78; J. Gavan, Port Lincoln and Tunby Bay, £80; Port Lincoln and Smoky Bay, £299; T. Gibson, Water vale and Mintaro, £50; J. Gilbert, Milang and Clayton, £19 10s.; T. Hague, Mount Pleasant and Angaston, £141; G. Hamilton, Strathalbyn and Goolwa, £95; J. Hancock, Adelaide and Alhelstone, £2915s.; H. Harvey, Roseworthy and Templers, £40; Hastwell & Day, Gumeracha and Foreston, £30 ; J. Hill, Modbury and Golden Grove, i £16 10s.; Modbury and Hope Valley £7; L. Janson, Tothill's Creek and Steelton, £30; E. A. Jackson, Salisbury and Two Wells, £52; W. Rendiill, Mount Pleasant and Tucgkillo, £26; P. Kinsman, Adelaide and { Mitcham, £20; J. Knowles, Gawler Post-Oflice and Railway Station, £52; J. Middleton, Post-Office Port Adelaide and Railway Station, &c.;, £80; J. Migsen, Yankalilla and Port Elliot, £164; J. Moulden, Strathalbyn and Woodchester, £37 10s.; J. McDonald, Adelaide and Glenelg> £61; J. McMillan, Chain of Ponds and Kers j brook, £35; J- Patten, Harrowgate and Woodside, j £39 10s.; T. Pellen, Adelaide aqd Magill, £30; j Pennington & Cornick, landing and embarking ! ship mails at Glenelg per English contract packets, £310s. (per mail), and per steamers to and from the neighbouring colonies, £2 10s. (per mail); H. Pepper, Adelaide 'and Norwood, £28; T. F. A. Peters, Gawler and Tanunda, £100; T. Poole, Normanville and Glenbarn, £79 15s.; W. Pyne. boarding vessels in the stream, £52; G. Pywell, Adelaide and Walkerville, £25; W. Rounsevell, Port Adelaide and Clinton, £331; Adelaide and Strathalbyn, Adelaide and Willunga, Adelaide and Mount Barker, Adelaide and Mount Pleasant, Adelaide and Brighton, Cox's Cheek and Mount Torrens, Hahndorf aud Cal lington, Strathalbyn and Wellington, Wqffington and Kingston, Willunga and Port Elliot/ Noar longa and Aldinga, Aldinga and Norman ville, Kingston and Port MacDonnell, Kadma and Wal laroo, Freeling and Truro, Nuriootpa and An gaston, Truro and Blanchetown, Blanchetown and Wentworth. Kapunda and Clare, Kapunda and Redruth, Kooringa and Melrose, Melrose and Blinman, Blinman and Nuccaleena, Blinman and Yudanamutana, Beautiful Valley and Port Au gusta, Kooringa and Outaajna, Kapunda Post Office and Railway Station, Clinton and Kadina, Kajiina. and Moonta, Woodside and -Lobethal, £6,0u0; A. South, Tarpeena and Mount Burr. £63; G. Summerton, Macclesfield and Nairne, via Bugle Ranges, £115: H. Treloar, Strathalbyn aud San dergrove, £16; A. Walsh, Robe and Kingston, £149; J. Williams, Adelaide and Finniss Flat, £112; G. Wright, Gilberton and Saddlewortb, £130. Battalion Drill.—The monthly battalion drill of Hie Adelaide Regiment was held on the North Pffi-k Lands on Wednesday, January 27. Upwards of 109 volunteers representing the City Companies attended, and under the command of Lieutenant- Colonel Mayo, who .was assisted by Major Sellar, were pot through the usual battalion movements. After a drill occupying nearly two hours and a half the companies marched into Adelaide headed by the band, which was on the ground throughout. Collegiate School.—We understand that the Hon. G. F. Angas has given a handsome donation of £50 towards the chapel now in course of erec tion for the Collegiate School This makes the third donation that gentleman has given to this Institution. Mr. Torrens.—Mr. Torrens is still actively en gaged in lecturing on matters afi'ecting the interests of the colony. Letters received by last mail state that he has delivered several lectures on the Real Property Act in Ireland to large and respectable audiences, and that the Act is likely to be applied both to Ireland and Scotland. In consequence of the failing state of his father's health, Mr. Torrens has asked for and obtained an extension of his leave of absence. Chamber of Commerce.—The next quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Commerce will take place on the 1st February, when proposed amend ments of the Insolvent Act will be submitted to the Chamber. Wellington Court-house.—Out Wellington letter contains particulars of the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the new Court House at Wellington, on Wednesday, January 20. There was a large attendance, and the stone was laid by Mr. E. C. Hughes, S.M., who addressed the company in a neat and appropriate speech. Steam to New Zealand.—A demand has arisen for the shares in the Intercolonial Royal Mail Steam Company, in consequence of the satisfac tory report and the conclusion of a contract with the New Zealand Government for a monthly service across the Pacific to the Australian colonies.—Home News. YUD Alv amutan a Mines. — A correspondent sends us the following:- " Reports from thc Yudauamutana continue very good. The Iode in the lG-fathom level is one foot wide of rich black ore. The stopes upon Section 135a con tinue to yield their usual supply of rich grey ore, and the big stope is looking as wtdl as ever. Blinman. — The.sinking on the course of the lode is most promising; for three-fathoms below the Kj-fathom level it is from 6 to 10 feet wide in the ends. On the eastern side it is about 30 per cent, as it stands, and soft for break ing. The Big Bunch is now 14 fathoms deep, and as good as ever; it now assumes the form of a basin of 12 feet diameter; the ore Is a dark grey oxide, intermixed with carbonates. It is altogether the finest hunch I have ever seen. The fire was lit in thesmelting- furuaec ou the 8th instant. The work is now well-seasoned, and we shall commence to run into regulus on Monday. The ore is easily fused, so we may expect the best results." Commercial Buildings.—We have lately noticed with pleasure and described in our columns some of the costly and extensive business premises which appear to vie with public edifices in tills metropolis. A day or two ago our atten tion was drawn to some very large works in Currie strcet for Messrs. Wliyte, Counsel! A: Co.; the con tractor being Mr. Banipfield, builder, of North Adelaide. This new range of commercial buildings will have a frontage of 75 feet to Currie-street and a depth of 210 feet. The largest warehouse has a breadth of 40 feet within the walls, and as the ground is to be excavated throughout, there will be a cellar of 210 feet by 40 feet, and nearly 9 feet high, substantially flagged throughout and pro vided with two draiuage wells. The floor of the warehouse, over 12 feet high, is calculated to sus tain almost any pressure, while its ample space will render it capable of the most complete arrangement. Two skylights, 12 feet by 12, will provide very amply as to light and ventilation, and the temperature of the vast apartment will be modified by careful formation of the roof, which has a lining of board throughout with a stratum of sawdust between the boarding and the galvanized iron roofing. We have seen a drawing of the front, which will have a handsome, commo dious, and business-like appearance, with an elevation of 27 feet and a frontage of 75, as before mentioned. The two storeys fronting the street will each have a height of 12 feet The cost of the excavation described and the cartage cannot have been less than £210, and we can readily believe that the cost of completion of thc whole design will much exceed £4,000, there being a breadth of 35 feet, with the depth de scribed, yet to be occupied by buildings and ap-" preaches. The very ample site extends from Currie-street to the back wall of Messrs. Hart and Hughes's premises, which have their frontage towards Way mouth-street. Other substantial buildings are progressing in a line with those of Messrs. Whyte, Counsel! and Co. Adelaide Wesley an Young Men's Society. —The monthly lecture, in connection with the Adelaide Wesleyan Mutual Improvement As sociation, was held at the Pirie-street Lecture Hall on Friday evening, January 22, before a large number of persons. The Eev. W. Brown presided.. The subject of the lecture was "Luther and his Times," and the lecturer the Eev. Mr. Flockart. In an interesting manner the rev. gen tleman detailed many of the eventful incidents in the life of the monk that shook the world, speaking of his birth, parentage, aptitude for study, and early dedication to a monastic life. He then proceeded to describe liis discovery of the chained Bible, his conversion, and his devotion to the eause of reform. He -told how he con troverted the false doctrines of the Church of Rome, and rendered himself notorious by the publication of his 95 propositions; how bravely lie confronted the assembly of his adversaries at the Diet of Worms ; bow wonderfully he was preserved to be confined for years in the Castle of the Wartzburgh, there to perfect the translations of the Scriptures. The rev. gentleman, who was frequently applauded during the delivery of the lecture, then ably summarized the remaining incidents in the life of Luther, and sat down amid loud plaudits. The usual compliments to the lecturer and Chairman ended the proceedings. Port Gawleh.—The first shipment of wheat from Port Gawler arrived on Monday by the barge Phoebe. It consisted of 105 bags, and was con signed to Mr. John Newman, who has spiritedly offered to store the first 2,000 bags of wheat consigned to him from Port Gawler for three monzns. COMMERCIAL SCHOOL, IjEFVERE'S PENINSULA.— A correspondent states that the pupils attending this school to the number of about 70, and a great many of their parents, were entertained at the schoolroom on Friday evening, 22ud instant, by Mr. John Martin, of the Fellcnberg Commercial School, Adelaide, who exhibited a choice variety of Ills dissolving views, to the entire satisfaction of ] the juveniles and parents, for nearly two hours. At the close three hearty cheers were given by the ■ boys to Mr. Martin for his kindness in coming down to amuse and instruct them, and the meet ing closed. Cricket Match.—On Saturday afternoon, I January 23, a cricket match took place between eleven squatters and eleven of the Glenelg Cricket Club, on the ground of the latter, at New Glenelg. The weather on the occasion was splendid, and well suited for the enjoyment of this old English game. There was a considerable number of visitors present during the afternoon, including a large portion of the fair sex. The wickets were pitched at liaif-past 2 o'clock, and the game commenced by the squatters going in. They were disposed of for 78 runs, and the Glenelg Club then handled the willow, and succeeded in obtaining 99 runs, 35 of which were made by Mr. F. B. Carlin. The bush men again appeared at the wickets, but the sun disappearing below the horizon the stumps were drawn, leaving 149 runs to their credit, with seven wickets down. This score was considerably aug mented by the fine play of Messrs. Hurst and Squires, the former of whom scored 50 runs and the latter 41. The game was decided by the first innings, and it will be seen by the subjoined score that the Glenelg Club won with 21 runs:— Squatters. First Inningw. Second innings. Hurst, runout 13 runout ... ...50 Peachey, c. Mitchell, b. Jackson 5 b. Jackson ... 5 Price, run out 6 b. Jackson r.. 11 Hoe, Lb.w., b. Fullarton ... 5 b. Addison ... 2 Stokes, c. and b.Fullarton. 9 b. Addison ... 6 Halcomb, b. Fullarton ... 8 not out 13 Davis, c. and b. Bundey ... 20 c. Carlin, b. Addison ... 6 Beevor, h. Jackson 4 not out 0 Squires, not out 0 c. Carlin, b. Jackson ... 41 Mortlock, b. Jackson 2 Frampton, b. Jackson ... 0 Byes 2 Byes 10 I«gbyes 1 Leg byes... 3 Wide balls 3 Wide balls 3 No ball 0 No ball ... 1 Total 78 Total .149 Grand total, 227. Glenelg Cbicket Cltjb. First Innings. Bev. J. S. Jackson, — Trimmer, not out. 0 run out 7 Addison, b. Hurst... 4 W. J. Fuliarton. b. J. M. Mitchell, b. Hurst 9 Squires ... W. Bundey, b. Hurst 1 Giles, b. Squires ... H. B. T. Strangways, Byes 11 b. Squires 1 Leg byes 2 H. Law. b. Hurst ... 1 Wide balls 15 A. L. Fullarton, b. - — Squires 0 Total 99 F. B. Carlin, b. Hurst 35 Cbicket Match.—A match was played on the review-ground, North Park Lands, on Saturday afternoon, the 23rd instant, between the Trinity and North Adelaide Cricket Clubs. The game commenced about half-past 2 o'clock, the North Adelaideans first handling the willow. They suc ceeded in running up a score of 59 runs, when their opponents went in and scored 96. The North Adelaideans in their second innings only scored 34 runs, making a total of 93 in the two innings. This left the Trinity Club the victors by 3 runs in one innings. Messrs. E. Warhurst and F.Ebs worth acted as umpires, Mr. V. Sanderson being Captain of the North Adelaideans, and Mr. W. H. Rosman, jun., for the Trinity Eleven. The fielding on both sides was very fair. We subjoin the score:— Tbinitt. H. Cowie, jun., b. IC. Lyons, c. Phillips, Whinham 34 j b. Whinham. 3 E, Dutton, c. Phillips, | E. Ashwin, b. Ander b. Sanderson.?. ... 0 I son ... 13 W. H. Bosnian, jun., W. Baker, is'.' Sander runout — .... 5 1 son,b.Whinham... 0 H. Holmes, b. Winn- 5 -E-Potter.b.Sanderson 1 ham... - 0 W. TVadey, not out 3 G.Pareons, b. Sander- J Byes . . u son 19 1 " C. S. Leader, c. Fitz- I gerald,b. Sanderson 7 | Total gg North Adelaide. n o ^hst Innings. Second Innings. & i — c.and.b.Bosman 7 H- B. Phillips, b. Hohhes... 2 b. Cowie 5 V. Sanderson, b. Holmes... 5 c. and b. Cowie 0 4.T.°4 b. Bosnian 10 c. andb.Eosman 0 W. Whinham, h. Bosnian 16 c. and b.Bosman 3 G. Fitzgerald, b. Holmes 0 c. and b. Cowie 6 T. Home, b. Holmes 4 b. Cowie... ... 1 B. Newton, not out 7 b Cowie 4 W. McMinn ran out 0 b. Bosnian "! 2 J* Fitzgerald, b. Holmes... 1 not out 2 X McCuilocb, st. Bosnian, "b. Holmes... 3. b. Bosnian . 2 Byes 8 Byes 2 Leg byes 2 59 34 Grand total, 93 Cbicket Match.—a match was played on the South Park Lands between the Central and Young Colonial Cricket Clubs on Saturday, January 23. Owing to the lateness of the hour at which play commenced (half-past 4 o'clock), it was resolved that the match should be decided in one innings; but tnis could not be done, as each side scored 73 runs. Messrs. Sliadrack and Jacobs officiated as umpires; Mr. G. Aldridgebeing captain of the Central Club and Mr. S. Butler of the Young Colonials. The Young Colonial eleven consisted of Messrs. S. Butler, J. Mossop, E. Pinkstone, C Koscoria, BL Tidswell, W. Butler, W. Allen, JEt". Couche, G. Hicks, W. Jolly, and Jos. Mossop; an' the eleven representing the Central Club wer Messrs. W. Samson, E. Bagot, G. Pant B Robertson, G. Aldridge, A. Mitchell, E. Watson A. Fan, C. Franklin, E. Samson, and C. Fan The only players who scored two figures wee Aldridge, 42, and not out; W. Allen, 17; and B Cquche. 13. As before mentioned, the match re suited in a tie of 73 runs. Freeman-street Congregational Chapel.— The anniversary tea and public meeting of the above chapel was held on Tuesday evening, January 2t>. About 250 persons partook of an excellent tea in the chapel, which was nicely decorated with flowers and green foliage. After tea a public meeting, under the presidency of His Honor the Chief Justice, was held. A hymn having been sung, and prayer offered by the Rev. ' Mr. Boberts, the Chairman referred to the twofold object of that meeting, viz., the anniversary of congregational preaching in the colony, and the anniversary also of the opening of that church. These two circumstances, therefore, he said, ren dered that meeting one of a most interesting nature, more especially as it was in connection with the church which was the first in the colony to rely upon the voluntary contributions of its mem bers, and declined'aid from the State. He thought all would agree with him that 011 looking at the results which had accrued from this course, there was cause for gratitude in the prosperity which had attended them. They were more happily circumstanced with regard to religion in this colony than iu England, where the past and present struggles to retain and perpetuate their religious privileges were frequently dwelt upon. It was, however, to be hoped that the absence of struggles would not lead to coldness in the Churches, and he thought there was no want o obstacles even here to make the zeal of Chiistian ministers grow cold. As they had removed from the little mud hut on North-terrace to that building in which they were then met, so he hoped that they would soon occupy another building which would be more in keeping with the position which their body held in that city and in the colony. He would, however, not longer detain them, but at once call on the Bev. Mr. Evan to address them. Mr. Evan, in opening, 'explained that that meeting should have been held iu No vember last; but the ladies, being so actively en gaged in preparing for the Stow Memorial Church Bazaar, the anniversary meeting had to be omitted. He then proceeded to give some particulars with aeference to the progress of the movement for the erection of the Stow Memorial Church. In conclusion he remarked that in whatever respect they looked at the progress of the Church, during the past year, there was reason to thank God and to take courage. The Rev. J. Gardner next spoke upon the topic "The blessings associated with public worship," remarking that there could hardly be one present who was ignorant of such blessings. "Warmly and eloquently he descanted upon the blessings resulting from the public ordinances, and the duty of all to attend regularly and engage earnestly iu them. The choir, under the direction Of Mr, James Shakespeare, having sang an anthem "Rejoice in the Lord," with excellent effect, the Bev. Mr. Jefferis addressed the meeting on the subject " The desirable and the undesirable in church architecture." He remarked that the subject was one of difficulty, as opinions upon the matter so largely differed. He should, however, look at the subject from the one point of view to which all others should be made subordinate— the nature and necessities of Christian worship. And the elements which ought to exist in a house built for God's worship were beauty in opposition to meagre display, costliness in opposition to mere cheapness, simplicity in opposition to mere splendour, and adaptability to clear vocal utte rance, instead of what they so often found—an adaptability to a dim religious echo. Upon each of these topics he enlarged in an interesting and eloquent manner; and, in conclusion, he referred to the comparative advantages of the two styles of architecture, between which tlicy would no doubt have to decide for their new church, viz., a modification of the Gothic or Grecian styles. The advantages of the Gothic style were impressiveness and associa tions, while the advantages possessed by the Grecian architecture were chaste simplicity and the very eminent adaptability for clear and dis tinct enunciation. A collection was here made. Mr. Matthew Goode then read the balance-sheet, from which it appeared that £100 had been raised in excess of iast year, while the overdraft had been reduced about £100; but there still remained an over draft of £00. The Bev. F. W. Cox spoke upon the benefit of Young Men's Associations, which had become so popular and useful in the colony. The advantages of such Societies, he said, were to afford exercise in public speaking, the culti vation of good habits, the acquisition of a considerable amount of knowledge, and the interchange of diverse and varied opinions. "The Sunday-School" formed the subject of an interesting address by the Bev. Mr. Manthorpe, who descanted upon the duty of the Church to foster and encourage them both by their prayers, their pecuniary assistance, and their sympathy. An apology for the absence of the Bev. Mr. Harcus having been made, the choir performed another anlhein, "Sing unto God," after which thanks were tendered to the ladies, the Chairman, the choir, and the ministers who had attended. The benediction closed a very interesting meeting. Stow Memorial Choboh.—The Eev. C. W. i Evan, at the anniversary meeting at Freeman- ■ street Chapel on Tuesday evening, gave some in teresting information with reference to the pro gress of the movement forthe erection of the Stow Memorial Church. He said at the meeting held in June last he stated that to . erect a building . worthy the object £7,003 would be required, and at that time he named several sources whence he hoped to raise £5,003. Taking into consideration the subscriptions raised in the colony, the assis tance forthcoming from England, the proceeds of the bazaar, and the young men's soiree, and the value of their present property, he was happy to ■ay that the calculations he then made had been largely verified. They were under great obliga tions to the ladies for this, especially for the result of the bazaar, with which their Sydney Mends had expressed much delight. With regard to the assistance to be expected from England, he remarked that he had received a letter from Eev. Thomas Binney, stating that he. wanted £100 to make the £1,000, which he hoped to obtain. That amount included the contribution of £500 by Mr. and Mrs. Hay, which, though hardly to be called an English sub scription, had been obtained throujgh the earnest solicitations of Mr. Binney. He thought that considering the many calls upon the English' public, and the fact that this appeal was for a local and colonial object, the collection of so much money as even £900 was a great achieve ment. In October last the Rev. Dir. Binney preached a sermon entitled "Words of Jesus" on the occasion of opening a new cliapei. This sermon was reported at length in the columns of i the Christum World, "Whence it was printed in ] pamphlet form, and an edition of 5,000 copies issued at 2d. each, the proceeds of which were to | be devoted to the Stow Memorial Church. The Christian World, appealed to its readers for contri- ; buttons in penny stamps towards the movement, and in the last number he received there was a grateful acknowledgment by Mr. Binney of the ■urn of £1314s. collected by this means.; (Cheeref) And this reminded him of one source of raising money which they had not yet tried, viz., the collection of small offerings from the many; but looking at their present position, he did not think the Committee would be considered rash by call ing for plans for the new building. (Applause.) Central Eoad Board.—The following is a list I of the votes recorded by District Councils for four | members of theCentralEoad Board, the first four, having the highest number of votes, being elected: —J>. Ferguson, 29; W. Duffield; 21; A. Hallett, 21; D. Sutherland, 17; W. Everaxd, 10; E. S. Kelly, 10; G. McEwin, 6; T. Magarey, 4; J. Dunn, 3; I A- Blyth, 3; W. Cavenagh, 2; A. Shannon, 2; W. Clark, 2; B. Holland, 1; E. Bowman, 1; J. . Hallett, 1. Beturns were sent in from 34 District Councils; lists were not forwarded in time from j Aldinga, Alexandrina, Angaston, Macclesfield, Morphett Vale, Mount Gambier; Munno Para East, Myponga, Onkaparinga, Para Wirra, Port Gawler, West Torrens. TungkUlo, and Upper Wakefield. The Eumoob of Smallpox at Kangaroo Island.—The Blanche, in which Dr. Duncan started to make enquiries at Kangaroo Island as to whether smallpox existed there or not, has re turned to Fort Adelaide, being Arable to com plete her voyage through stress of weather. The Blanche sailed on Sunday evening, hut was he calmed off Willunga, -and on Monday a gale set in which rendered it improbable that the island could be reached for a day or two. As Dr. Duncan had important business to transact connected with the departure of the mail, he felt, it desirable to return to Port Adelaide, dispatch hisjpressing business, and avail himself of a more favourable opportunity J to visit Kangaroo Island. It appears that Dr. Duncan 'received a letter, which, although not warranting any great amount of apprehension as to the existence of that -frightful disease in the island, was sufficiently serious in his opinion to he submitted to the Government. The Chief Secre tary on perusing the. letter intimated that it was desirable for Dr. Duncan, if he could spare the time, to proceed in the Blanche to the island, and report upon the subject It is the opinion of Dr. Duncan that the disclosure of the-contents of the ] letter was calculated to create much groundless j apprehension. Eibe Brigade Act.—It will he seen by our liocal Court report that the Superintendent of Fire Brigades has brought an action for expenses in curred by attending at a fire, and obtained judg ment. The action was brought under the 5th clause of the Act No. 6 of 1862, which render* liable any owner, occupier, or insurer of any pre mises protected from risk of fire by such brigades, and from the owner, &c.;, of neighbouring premises so protected. Phrenology.—It will he seen that Mr. Hamil-1 ton, the phrenologist, proposes to visit New Zea land for the good of his - health, and to return to j fulfil engagements in Adelaide. I Bradford Mine.—Some very good specimens of green and blue carbonate taken from the Brad- j ford Mine, five fathoms below the surface, have ' been sent to this office, where they may he seen | by those who are interested in mining pursuits. Lacepede Bay. — Our correspondent at this j place says there is no further news except that the j Swallow arrived on Monday, and left for Mac Donnell Bay on Tuesday to meet Mr. and Mrs. James Cooke, who came out in the Otago to Mel-1 bourne, and thence to MacDonnellBay, per Flying J Squirrel. Victorian News.—It will be seen by our . telegrams that the Parliament of Victoria has met, and the House of Assembly has agreed to the reply to the opening speech- The deficiency on the year's revenue is supposed not to exceed £30.008, and that will be more than balanced by the arrears of pastoral rents. The enlistment for Hew Zealand has been discontinued. Fire at Kooringa. The letter of our Kooringa correspondent contains a full account of a great fire in that township. Mr. Stanbury's store was destroyed, as also was the surgery of Dr. Maurau. The dwelling-houses of both gentlemen were saved. The branch of the National Bank bad a narrow escape, the windows near the store being burnt, the intense heat absolutely melting the glass. The fire broke out at 1 o'clock in the morning, when there were very few people about, and its ravages were arrested only by immense exertion on the part of the persons hastily assembled at that early hour. The damage is estimated at from £6,000 to £7,000. There will be au inquest held on Friday to ascertain, if possible, the origin of the fire. Recruits for New Zealand.—Captain Hunter opened his enlistm'ent office at the Globe Inn on Monday, where candidates for the New Zealand militia are invited to apply daily between 10 and 4 o'clock. There were about 40 applicants, a large proportion of whom, as might have been expected, were ineligible. At the close of the business hours Captain Hunter had enlisted -28 recruits, three of whom, it is said, are married men. The recruiting has since been stopped by orders from Colonel Pitt Another Old Colonist Removed.—By our obituary notice it will be seen that Mr. J. H. Richman, J.P„ has been removed by death at the ripe age of 74. Mr. Richman was one of the oldest practitioners at the Bar, and for many years filled the office of Clerk to the Bench of Magistrates. He died at Warnbunga on the 21st instant. Bush Fire.—Out Kapnnda correspondent refers in another column to a second bush fire, which broke out on Mr. Outton's station on Friday, January 22, and which spread over several miles, J consuming a large amount of feed. The origin of the fire is not known. ■Wallaroo and KLadina Rail way.—We under stand that Mr. J. £. Austin lias been appointed Manager of the Wallaroo and Radina Railway, The Treasurer in Melbourne.—The following is taken from the Argus:—" It is quite problema tical whether the visit to Melbourne of Mr. Hart, the Treasurer of South Australia, will expedite the holding of an Intercolonial Conference. The hon. gentleman, it appears, has simply taken this city en route to Sydney, to which place he proceeds without submitting any credentials to our Govern ment. We believe that although South Australia, in answer to the overtures of Victoria on the sub ject of the erection of a lighthouse at Cape Bridge water, suggests the propriety of a Conference on coast-lighting generally, it has not indicated any desire as to how far the matter should be discussed or what colonies should be represented. In the event of another Intercolonial Conference being determined on, the propriety of levying duties on River Murray traffic will probably form one of the subjects for deliberation." Theatrical.— Miss Joey Gougenheim has been playing to crowded houses at Geelong. Sir. Barry Sulhvan's great burlesque and pantomime, pro duced at Christmas, still continues attractive. The genuine ghost of Professor Pepper has been exhi bited at a private seance at the Princess's Theatre. The affair was managed by an accredited representative of the patentee, and the effect pro duced is described as magical, even to making one sense the fool of another. The lady who acted as the image sang a stanza, and the lips of the reflection being seen in motion, spectators were irresistibly led to believe, notwithstanding a knowledge to the contrary, that the sounds they heard issued from the reflection which appeared in a direction opposed to that where the singer stood. Wentworth.—The correspondent of the Argus at Wentworth writes on January 4:—"The steamers Albury and Gundagai arrived here on Saturday last from the Upper Darling, each laden with 900 bales of wool, the whole of which is con signed to Melbourne via Echuca; but this is not a tithe of what has come down the Darling this seson, and more yet remains to come. In addition to this, there has been nearly 2,000rtons of general merchandise arrived at Wentworth during the past six months, and other cargoes are now daily ex pected. Further than this, there have crossed the Darling at Wentworth, during the past fortnight, 50,000 sheep, and 100,000 more are now close at hand, and will lie crossed during the next three weeks, some for stations on the Darling, others for the Murrumbidgee and Loddon Elvers; yet strange, with all tills trade passing in the district, we are utterly neglected by the Sydney Govern ment; we have no telegraph, no bridges, no formed roads, no public buildings; in short, any improve ment made in the district is done solely, by private capital; all our Government do for us is to provide us with a miserable postal communication'and a most inefficent police force. Yet we in the Biverine districts are expected to bear all and say nothing; but 1 think the Sydney Government will find, now that we have commenced to try and obtain our rights, that we will not be easily put on the shelf again, and left to shift for ourselves." The Bremer Mine.—The following abstract of Captain Prisk's report on the Bremer Mine, dated January 19,-has been sent to us for publication; "In handing my report for the month, I am happy to say that.the mine is still in an improving state. The south end at Ihe 53-fathom level is driven across the lode about 7 fathoms, the most of which will make a profit in taking away. This is what we term the big bunch. The ore at this level appears to be of a higher class than in the levels above. The end in the level 53, north of the engine-shaf t, has greatly improved. We have driven through a good lode of ore, both over .and under the slide. The ore is a rich peacock, mixed with white sandy quartz and priam, easy for driving; and I am in hopes that this lode will take us away north under the hard ground until we lose it. I think this may be reasonably hoped for, as the ore has shot away 10 fathoms further north at this level than in the one above. Th« engine-shaft is being sank under the 53. The ground is rather had for sinking at present, but promises better, having several strings of ore . running across the shaft The 43 end is holed to Lean's Shaft The lode lasted good until within about a fathom or two of the shaft, showing that the lode is lengthened at this level. The flat is commenced. As soon as finished we intend driving a short distance east and west, to see if we can meet with any other lodes. We have driven a shoit distance north. At the 43 the lode is poor, but the ground is easy for driving. The winzes in the bottom of the 43 are looking favourably in sinking; thestopes are also good. Quantity of ore raised and dressed, 240 tons for four weeks.. The engine and machinery are work ing welL The dressing goes on satisfactorily. The smelting has been nearly stopped th:s month from the want of wood, the carters eing busy with the harvest just now. We hope soon, how ever, to start the furnaces again." Municipal Council.—The ordinary meeting of the Adelaide City Council was held on Monday afternoon, commencing after the declaration of the result of the poll alluded to in another para graph. His Worship and all the Councillors were present. A considerable amount of routine business was transacted. A letter from the Gas Company notified their intention to supply North' Adelaide with gas,, and requested permission to carry pipes across the City Bridge, which was referred to the Surveyor. A communication from: G. S. Walters was read, stating the difficulty of disposing of the Town Hall bonds in England, and recommending that they should not be sent there for sale. It was ordered that steps should be taken towards having a cut stone front substi tuted for that provided for in the present contract. Various other matters being disposed of, the Council adjourned for three weeks. Methodist New Connexion Literary and Philosophical Society.—The Bev. J. Maughan delivered a lecture on Wednesday, the 20th instant, on McKinlay's -Travels across Australia. He began by stating that geographical exploration was interesting to Englishmen because of their innate cariosity, their commercial cupidity, their reputed scientific skill, and their national and patriotic aspirations. Twenty years ago four great i geographical problems were engaging the attention of the world, viz., the existence of a north west passage to the Pacific Ocean, the nature j of the' interior of South Africa, the Sources of i the Nile, and the character of Central Australia. Since then every one of these problems had been solved by Englishmen. Having stated the reasons for fitting out McKinlay's expedition, he passed on to give a succinct and interesting account of its travels. The party started from Adelaide via Kapunda for Blanchewater, then almost the extieme limit of civilization. At this place McKinlay received his supplementary stores,' which had been forwarded from Adelaide via Port Augusta, and' here he also -purchased 100 sheep, which were driven with the I party. These sheep most probably saved the whole, of their lives. Mr. McKinlay had informed him that with such sheep he would .not hesitate to travel through any part of this great 'continent. The lecturer then described the pirilous journey of Rodgkinson and Middleton through the 50-mile desert, the meeting of the party with natives, who directed their leader to the graves of Burke and Wills at Cooper's Creek, and their finding of poor Gray's grave. He further referred to the priva'.e orders of the party to search for some suspected gold-field, explained how they were frustrated in this search and the reasons which induced them to go forward to the Gulf of Carpentaria. He detailed ! many of the interesting and amusing incidents that transmired by the way, referred to the loss of Kirby with the sheep for several days amongrt the mountains, tracked the party down the Leiehhrdt I to the Northern coast, described the privations and sufferings of the party on their return through Queensland to Port Denison, followed them across the Burdekin in the midst of the alligators, and accompanied them from Port Denison, via Bockhampton, Sydney.andMelbourne, to Adelaide. i Mr. Maughan stated that he came from Mel bourne in the same steamer with McKinlay and hu party, from whom he gained mnch of the ' interesting and valuable information which he detailed. v-The lecture concluded with several practical remarks on the advantages of energy and perseverance. -Anglo-Australian Telegraph. — Our Mel-, tbourne telegram of Saturday stated tliat Mr. Gis borne bad given up the task of constructing a tele graph line from Batavia to Singapore because he had not been able to make arrangements with the Australian Colonies for a further extension of that line. On this subject we find full particulars in late Singapore papers. The Free Press says:— " The Batavia Sandclsblad, informs us that Mr Gisborne not' being able to raise the capital for establishing telegraphic communication between Australia and Java, has renounced the agreement he had entered into for laying a submarine cable between Batavia and Singapore, and for which he f was to receive a yearly subsidy of JE8.D00 sterling from the Dutch Government." But although Mr. I Gisborne has backed out of the agreement we are glad to see that another contractor has taken his | place. The scheme is now in the hands of Mr. Ten Siethof, an engineer in the service of the I Batavian Government. He proposes to lay a sub marine cable between Anjer, in Java, and Telok Betong, on the opposite coast of Sumatra, and ] from thence to carry it to Palembang and Siak. From Palembang there will be a branch to Banka 1 and Billiton, from whence the communication with j Borneo can, it is said, be veiy easily established at J a future period. From Siak the cable will be | carried to Malacca and Singapore, and will join on with the telegraphic system of British India, which at present extends from Calcutta to Baugoon southward, and will very soon reach Penang and Malacca. From Palembang Mr. Siethof proposes to carry an overland wire to Tebing-Tinggi, Ben coolen. and Padang. Mr. Siethof has offered to carry out these lines on receiving an advance of a certain sum of money without interest, but under security for its repayment, and a yearly subsidy of I 120,000f. for the submarine line and another of I 30,000f. for the overland line to the west coast of Sumatra. As concerns the extension of these lines to Australia the field is nowbpento some, other] Company than that which Mr. Gisborne represents. Smallpox at Kangaroo Island.—There is ; rumour that information has reached the Govern- I ment of the existence, to some extent, of small- j pox at Kangaroo Island. Dr. Duncan proceeded i to the island in the Blanch, but had to return from ] stress of weather. He is espected to proceed again 1 immediately. Monument to Archbishop Whately.—'W« i find by recent Dublin newspapers that a move ment has been set on foot in Ireland for providing some memorial of the life and labours of the late Archbishop Whately. A public meeting was held in Dublin, presided over by the Archdeacon of the diocese, and at which, after several ad dresses had been delivered by gentlemen of in fluence, including Mr. B. It. Torrens, it was resolved to form a Committee to carry out the object. We observe that Mr. ToiTens suggested the propriety of interesting the colonies in the movement, on the ground that the labours of the i deceased Archbishop for the abolition of trans portation to Australia had given him a claim to some recognition from the colonists. We believe Mr. Torrens has written to several gentlemen here j asking their co-operation in the movement. There are but few persons, we imagine, who know any thing of Dr. Whately's writings, or who are at all acquainted with the genial and liberal spirit which he on all occasions exhibited, who would refuse to do honour to his memory in any fitting j manner. But we hardly think our fellow-colonists will be disposed to send money out of the colony for this object. We find that the object contem plated by gcntle^fen who have moved in the matter is twofold—first, to purchase a monument to commemorate Archbishop Whately's name In one of the Dublin Cathedrals; and, second, an open endowment for political economy in the" University of Dublin. These are both very worthy objects, we admit, but they are hardly of a charac ter to awaken much enthusiasm in South Aus tralia. We sincerely hope that whatever we do in the future to commemorate the virtues and talents of the good aud the great will, as much as possible, be confined to our own colony. The Large Store in Gawler-place."—We understand that it is the intention of Mr. G. P. Tfnwig to have a hydraulic lift to raise and lower heavy packages to or from the several floors of his large store. Acquittal of Captain Saunders.—The Very Bev. the Dean of Adelaide has received the fol lowing telegram from his son-in-law, Captain Saunders, of the 12thBegiment, upon whom it will be remembered tbat a very protracted Conrt-Martial was held at Sydney on the prosecution" of his Colonel:—"1 am acquitted, and attend Church parade to-morrow." We are sure that this result," although generally anticipated, will afford great satisfaction to the gallant Captain's friends here. Bush Fire. —A bush lire occurred on the Pekina run on January 17th, which started at Maurice's" Hill "and burnt in the direction of Bowda, about GO square miles of country, some huts, and fences. After devastating the country for about 20 hours the further ravages of the fire were stopped by a change of wind, and rain falling heavily soon ex tinguished the flames. !No sheep were destroyed, and the immense exertions of the overseer and men alone prevented Tarcowie head station from being burnt. The Albert Tower.—On Monday we inspected at the City Council Chamber the address which the Council some time ago decided to forward to His Excellency the Governor with "respect to the Albert Tower. It is engrossed on a broad sheet of parchment, and the penmanship has been well executed by Mr. W. D. Claxton. At the foot are the signatures of His Worship the Mayor, the Councillors, and the Town Clerk, flanked by the Corporation seaL The uppfer part of it lis to he beautified with a representation of the Town Wall, showing the ashlar face. It is the work of the Ade laide Photographic Company, and has been taken from a design prepared by Mr. Wood, partner of Mr. E. W. Wright. The point of observation is Victoria- square, and the perspective of the tower and face is admirably hit off.' The following reply from His Excellency bas been received:— " South Australia, Government House, January 25, 1864. •'Gentlemen—I receive with extreme pleasure your address announcing the dedication of -the • Albert Tower,' about to be erected in hunt of the Town Hall, to the memory of "the late Prince Consort of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen. "Hothing could- be more appropriate than the action you have taken in exhibiting your affec tionate loyalty to our beloved Sovereign, and in thus "honouring the memory of the lamented Prince, whose chief aim during life was to improve the condition of the people andto promote their "Tlje address which you have been pleased to hand to me shall be forwarded by the outgoing mail steamer to His Grace the Secretary of .state for the Colonies, and it will doubtless be another evidence to Her Majesty of the wide-spread and heartfelt affection and.veneration with which her subjects regard the memory of the late excellent and lamented Prince. " I have the honour to be, Gentlemen, " Your most obedient servant, ~ ■ "I). Halt, Governor.5' The Albert Bells.—Copies of the following' circular have been sent to the Agent-General and other persons likely to aid the movement in the mother- country:— ' "City of Adelaide, South Australia. "The Council having resolved to name the tower nowerecting in front of theTown Hall 'The Albert Tower,5 m honour of the late Prince Consort of our Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, it has been determined to provide a peal of eight -bells to be placed in such tower, to tenanted 'The Albert Bells.' and an influential-Committee has teen formed to collect subscriptions for. the pur chase and fixing of the same. There being many South Australians now in England who take a deep interest in the affairs of the colony, it is be lieved that they will kindly aid the local effort now being made to revive old associations, many of the colonists having left the.hhotber-countxy for a number of years, and may never see it again. The Agent-General of the colony has' been requested to receive donations; and F. H-Faulding, Esq., ex- Councillor for Hindmarsh Ward, Adelaide, who is proceeding to England by the mall fairing this, wul also act in that capacity, or the same may be forwarded to the colony direct, or to the Mayor or Hon. Sec. " On behalf of the Albert Bells Committee. - "SamuelGoons; Mayor.- . . <. " W. A Hughes, Town Clerk, Hon. Sec. "Adelaide, January20, 3864." The Cape Markets.-®We have been favoured by a mercantile house in Adelaide with the follow ing extracts from a -letter dated December^ lately received from Cape Town:—"The market has been so overdone with importations of grain that opera tions initiated on this side are not to be thought of at present. We avail ourselves of this oppor tunity to advise you respecting our markets, in the hope that same may be fonndinteresting and useful The late season has teen extraordinarily fine; the long four years' drought bas broken up, and pro duce t)f all kinds is abundant and cheap. Provi sions have not ruled so low tor many years past. The following may he quoted as the present ruling rates:—Grain, &c.;—Oats, 6s. 9d; beans, 16s.; j. barley, 6s. 9d; wheat, 18s.; maize, 16s. per three bushels: bran, 6s.; flonr, 25s.; seconds, 19s. per 100 lbs.; meal, 22s. 6i j>er 200 lbs. Live stock in excellent condition and abun dant supply. Cows, in milk, £10 10s.; horses, £20 to £30; sheep, 18s. each. Dried fruits Raisins, 5d; peaches, 4jd,; apricots, 6d; figs, 8d.; apples, 4d.;pears,5d.; walnuts, 6d.;almonds, 6d.; quinces, 4d per lb. Cape wines—There is very little appearance of oidium, and a fine vintage is expected. Greater care will be given to the pre paration of the wines. The following are the present rates :-Sheny, old, per pipe 92 gallons, imperial and cask, third quality; £13; second, £15; first, -£18. Pontac, dry, do. do., second quality,' £15; first, £18. Hock, constantia, do, do., £18. Constantia, frontignac or white, per 16 gallons, £6 ditto pontac, per 16 gallons, £610s.; ditto white wine, do. do., £4"; red SA. Australian wheat and flour, in consequence of excessive importations, are ruling low, viz.Wheat, 16s. to 18s. per three bushels; flour, 18s. per 100 Jbs.; tallow, 6|dto 7d. per lb. Exchange oa London—Treasury and Bank bills, at 1 per cent, discount; first-class provincial bills, at2 per cent-discount. Freights to Melbourne, 55s. to 60s. per ton; to London, wool lid. per lb,; skins, £8 per 1,000. Vessels recently sailed hence tor the colonies—August 19, Hero steamer; October 10, A W. Stevens, barque." 5 Sporting.—Some interest has been felt in a trial of speed between two favourite trotting horses, the property "of tradesmen living in Hindley- street. On Monday a match in saddle came off on the Port-road, and on Tuesday the contest was renewed in harness on the Bay-road. - As the victor in saddle was beaten in harness, we suppose the owners remain equally sweet on their i respective nags. Weeck or the Alexander—A telegram from Captain Malcolm toJMr. R. M. Tapley, received on Monday morning, states that the fore part of thiB vessel is split, bat that it is expected she will be got off the reef next tide. The bricks and sand had been pitched over board, but the stores had been landed by lighter. The German Professorship.—Mr. Hermann von Schleiuitz has been appointed Professor of German of the Collegiate of St. Peter. Adelaide Football Club.—The members of the Adelaide Football Club engaged in a game of football, by moonlight* on Saturday, January 23. Messrs. J. E. Schlinke and C, Cornish chose sides of about 20 each, and the play commenced at 8 o'clock. It was continued with great spirit and enthusiasm until' just 10 o'clock,'when the game was called, Mr. Sclriinke's side having gained two goals. The evening was delightfully calm, cool, and bright, and the -attendance was very large. Killian's Band added much to the enjoyment of the occasion, and many couples danced npon the sward to its lively strains until nearly 11 o'clock, when the If ation al Anthem closed the proceedings, and the company dispersed. Jockey Club autumn Meeting.—In our Satur day's issue appeared an advertisement announcing that the Autnmn Meeting of the Jockey dnb will take place on the 21st and two following daya in ApriL The nomination for the Adelaide Cup of 500 sovs., with a sweepstakeof '50sovs. added; on March 1 with 10 sovs., 1st April with 15 sovs.,' and 25 sovs. on night of general entry. The distance to be run is two miles; weights for age. Wallaroo and Kadina.—The news from these centres of population contain an important police proceeding against the Railway Company for neg - leering the requisite precautions in the conveyance of gunpowder. The'enquiry resulted in a convic tion' and an order to pay a fine of £10 and costs There are also the particulars of a death from burning, which ought to operate as a warning to all who have the care of young children. Hxndmarsh Institute.—We are unformed that a large and respectable assembly met in the Dis trict Hall, Hindmaish, pn Friday, January 22, to hear a lecture which'was announced to be given by the Bev. W. Harcus. ■ The lecturer, however, failed in making lus appearance; and the dis appointed -audience had to retire without the ' entertainment which they anticipated. Webelieve the reason for the non-appearance of the lecturer was a mistake as to the evening, he understanding that it was Friday, the 23th, instead of Friday, the 22nd, when it was to be given. Such a mis take, from whatever cause it.occurred, is much to he regretted. A Child Attacked bt Hawks.—Mr; F. | Pearce, of O'Hailoran Hiil, writing on January 22, * 1' says;—"A very singular occurrence was witnessed this morning by the blacksmith of this plaice, and Wright, the Stationman on the Happy" "Valley Branch of the Brill's Creek-road. It appears that about about 11 o'clock this morning the above named persons were on the road between Parker's and Douglas Hiil, when -they heard a.child screaming violently, and on looking in thfe'direc tion bom whence.the sounds proceeded, they observed a little girl aboot seven or eight years old, apparently doing battle fiercely with some two objects, bnt what they could not'distinguish. They both instantly ran to the sctneof the strife, and foundthattwo largehawkshaclattackedthe child, hut she had ^ritiy reEisted rii^ wifli a parasol she had in her hand, and during the time they were runningto herassistancethey observed that .she had one on each side of her,.,and it re quired no small exertion on herpart to repel-first one and then the other, which she did bv striking at them with the parasoL Previousto the black smith and Wright reaching the spot, some of the stouebreakers near at hand had heard the child's cries, and had run to her assistance, and1'these persistent feathered gentry did not take wing Until one of the men was within 20"or'3O yards of -them. The birds when they attacked the child were' on the ground; and the man says it -was as large as a turkey, and it is the opinion of. MI that saw the affair- that had not help, been' 'ait hand the birds must inevitably have done the poor child soinfi mischief. This happened in. a paddock of Major O'Halioran's, just atthe junction of Parker road with Douglas Hill-road. I have thought the above worth sending you a note of." Fatal Accident atTobt Elliot.—Our Fort Elliot' correspondent sends particulars of a ead accident, as will be seen by referring to his letter.. Mr. George Bell, a respectable farmer, was proceeding in a dray .with his wife'to his wheat paddock, when a large wooderi frame attached to the draywas dislodged fiyHtrikiiig against a tree. The frame was placed in the dray, and Mr. and Mrs. Bell proceeded on theirway. They had not gone far when, unfortunately, the dray-was oyer turned by a stump, and the poor woman wasstrack in failing by the frames blow onthe templeswhich killed her instantaneously^ . ■The Sydney Floub and Wheat Market.— We have seen a letter fram one of the leading mercantile firms in Sydney, to their correspondents in Adelaide; dated 9th -January, from which Hie following extract is taken:—'''Sydney, is, bare of flour, and our demand must be l^&y;)y; but I look for heavy shipments from Sari Fiauciscp, andhnr friends write ns theyexpect to execute oidMBjat our limits'of j£10 per ton for flour arid - 4s. per bushel for wheat, laid down in Sydney. - Jf some . heayy arrivals take place our market rriust'decline, and yours will respond;" p would bewdrth while. for thVaapiaidSjnierriiante to pay attention to this announcement.' - - Postal Ikcosgbceeces.—A. correspondent com- I plainsthat Adelaidelettere or newspapersare24 hours old b^ore theyare received atAthelstone. The mail leaves Adelaide at iJS p.m.-and arrives at Camphelltovm,- 'a distance of 1% miles,at 5£0 . p.m.; but .does not reach Alhelabone. 21 miles further, until "&20, too late for deiij^ry that night ; at a ep11ntr7 pastrofiS.ce.. We may inmtapn alBO v« that this paper is received at Kapithda <49! miles) • daity at &'#doijk;'iLnL, but it do^ npt reach Bnrnside, 3 miles, by post until Eo'dtockoriihe da)' of publication. - . : CommebciXE Bdiuhngs.—Immediately adjoin ing the "new storeofMessra. Whyte.Coansen.and Co., Cume-street, atready. described in this paper, is another JirsHdaas store, also in cooiseof erec- - tion. . It isfor -Morgan & Co., wholesale oncers . and importers, andlstotiave a frontage'of bQ feet, •with an altitude of 30 feet,. and to eftendiSS feet from front to rear. -:Tbfcbuflding is tobeoitwo ;. storeys, and on&plan; hovel, we believe, inSouth . - Australia. "There • ;are two cellars -excavated ?, to a degth.of 9 feet—one 31 feet . wideami one of- IS feet "wide, .but . both attending the '.full length of" ^tie interior.. of ,,-ithe hngiiing. The cellara are.^ieitarated by a space wlpchhas been left unexcavsted fora roadway, diyidingthe towerstorey-and running quite through - from Cume-street tothe -patp; Tard, jwlach pom mnnicates byadrayrroad'with Waymbuth-sireet : The front wiU.preaent twp diK>rirajB,\a gateway, - and three-windowsm^ called the gionndfioor.-midiherewjBhesiz'fjontwindowB ■' •in:the second storey. The doorway, rieare^ to Kang WSHiam-sireetwill give access to .theoffices nearly I leyelii^hlhe footpath, hut ^eSpor jcdjthejBtdie IB to &re; .greater height to the cellars, and toform (theatore being open at each sideto the interaectipgroad- - -way)a^laifoiih'£ramdrthwMclrl^^)mt^^^Sfe or deliver goods..JEhis InterseclaDg'r^diraiy'&len; -» feet: wide, and a perkin enteiing at~the gate(ray -i andpassing the offices'canhavea viewof 'the . : cellars and pJaffonn ipr grpnnd'flo^ bhfeither - side, as there are to -be no irallB ■ abutting bnthe : roadway! The openih^' Between aie phHOTin flooraandthe cellars will secure to these under- . ground apartments more light and aiq probably, than could bd attained by amy other arrangement In addition to the access which these openihgsgryn to the cellars, t^reare to.belarge hatches or trap dobre ih the platform floor toadmit of bulky articles being lowetodor raised as .required. The second storey will consist of one .tiarge room, ffi! feet Jong hv .19 feat -gjde. The fliihr will! he jmrtpin«i by a. series of storey posts, capable ot supporting any weight that can hi placed upon them. In a line with the roadway beneatifthere are to be - through which goods can be raised .from, or lowered to drays; .'and as Morgan &IM.intead; to '. have a hydraulic lift, gdods ban be: raisedor - lowered at vanbus pPiids ih the bMiest to simultaneously/Or when required/by attentaobfo that .great power. ":The"i:,irallSi^tdr^^MSlSi Osmond stone, with, brick dressihgs,ithe htoi^f posts of gum, and the beams -of Oregon pine; -The design for the front is chaste, butbnpretehding; and when -completed: the building.with its ezten sire, aiiy, and easily socessiMe cellais—its raised floor, so favourable to the reception or .delivery of goods—its intersecting'roadway,'lcading to . two prinripal street^ .and;4xumuig under-the '*» hatches in thefloor of the laige room, wifl-com bine a storing cE^adty and business facililiesun equalled'in this city. The taedit of .the design belongs! we bdfieve, to Mr.W. Morgan, and it is being carried out in a very satisfactory manner by Mr. M. White, builder; Iafht-sguaie. Sdpplemeotaet Loan Pbh Tong Hall.—Put- . suantto adjoumment, a poll was opened atflbie Council Chamber on Monday inorning, at lb o'clock, to alio w_ratepayers to record their votes respecting the propriety or otherwise of borrowing an additional sum for the Town HalL The adver tisement intimated that the qnoirions to ' be decided were whether the amount should be £4,000, £1,000, or nil. It appeared! however, that this was improperly stated, and that tire alterna tive was only between the-two amount^ £4.000 and £1,000. His Worship-the Mayor presided at the poll during part of the day, but was relieved by Councillors Thomas and Bulk.. The Town. Clerk's Assistant, the Valuator, and others assisted the President. There was an abundant .supply of , voting-papers, and everything passed off quietly. The poll closed at 4 o'clock and at a quarter toft His Worship declared the result as follows:— Number of persons voting in favour of the £4,00# loan, 296; do. in favour of £1,000, BO;, majority for. £4,000,236. Number of ybtes fecorded.in favour of £4.olo. 1,02:1: do. in favour of £1,000. 240: majority for £4,000/ 783. His Worshift therefofe, declared the tnotiob in favour of borrqwing £4,000 . in addition to the £16.000 carried.-.-J-■ Primed and published every Friday andSaturday morning by William Kiffk THOiu&.at the office of the AAdtiidt Observer, tlrenfell-street, Adelaide, South Anshalia, where orders, advertise* meats, and communications are received. 