CONFIRMATION AND LAYING THE FIRST STONE OF THE NEW CHURCH. OF ST. ALBAN'S, MUSWELLBROOK. (From a Correspondent.) Friday, the 11th November, 1864, will be long remem- bered by tho members of the Church of England in and around Muswellbrook. On that day was laid the first stone of the new slone church of St. Alban's by the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Newcastle. His Lordship arrived at St. Alban's parsonage on his way here from bis long and arduous journey through the northern portion of his diocese on the evening of Thurs- day, loth. At eleven a.m on Friday be held a confirma- tion in the old church. That solemn ordinance, which must alwayB be_ impressive, Beenied doubly so by the large and attentive congregation assembled to join in the service, and from the revereut demeanour of the candidates themselves. The morning prayer was said by the Rev. W. E. White, B.A , incumbent of the parish ; the Litany by Rev. W.S. Wilson, B.A , of Merriwa. The first lesson was read by the Rev. W. W. Dove, of Jerry's Plains, and the second lesson by the Rev James Blackwood, B.A., of Singleton-the Rev. Coles Child, B A., of Soone, aoling as Bishop's chaplain. Ibe canticles and psalms for the day were ohaunted by the choir and congre- gation. After the Litanv, Hjmn 71 of the S P.O K. Collection wag sung. The Rev. W. E. White presented the list of candidates-twenty male and twenty-two female, in all forty-two-to the Bishop, 'ibe candidates then stood up, and the Right Rev. Prelate solemnly addressed them on the nature of the holy rite they were coming to, and explained to them and the_ congregation the part which enoh had to lake in the service. Eaoh reverently answered the solemn word«, "1 do," in a olear distinct voice, as if fully feeling the responsibility of what they were under- taking. After the confirmation the beautiful anti ap- propriate hymn, "Soldiers of Christ ame," no. 134 S P.O.K., was sung. The bishop concluded with an im- pressive sermon from 1 Tim. vi. 12., on the duties of the Christian soldier., A congregation of quite 300 persons were pnsent. LAYING THE FIRST STONE OF THE NEW CHURCH. The service over in church, a procession was formed in the church yard in the following order.--1. The builders, Messrs. Black ¡ (2.) the two ohurch wardens, J. H. Cox, Esq , and Mr. K.J. Luscombe ; (3.) tho mem- bers ot the obuir ; (4 ) the clergy in surplices : and tbe Bishop in his robes, last. Tbe procession then walked round the site of the now cburoh singing the 122nd psalm v. 1, 4, 6, 7, till they arrived at the spot where the stone was to be laid. An awning had been erected over the spot, for whloh we have to thank Mr. W. C. Thompsuo, he having kindly lent two new tar- paulins for the purpose-Mr. Luscombe, the church- warden, having given the day previous to seeing every- thing arranged for the ceremony. Flags, containing of orosseB of different colours, were flying over the spot, and the British ensign was displayed on the old churcb tower. Arrived at the site, the Bishop advanced and stood at the weat side ol the spot where the stone was prepared to be laid : it was the foundation stone of the central pillar of the eastern aisle. Tbe clergyman of the parish then read alternately with tboaa assembled the 132nd psalm, and, after the doxology, the appointed lesson- 1 Oor. iii. The Bishop then read the collect for St. Simon and St. Jude's Day, and called on the Rev. W. E. White to read the scroll to be laid underneath the stone. The inscription on the scroll was as follows : In tbe name ot the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen, To the glory oí tho ever blessed Trinity, and for the perpetual service of God, according to the doctrine and disolpline of the Church ot England, the first stone of this Church, dedi- cated to the martyr Saint Alban of blessed memory, was laid by the rlght Reverend Father in God, William Tyrrell, D.D., by Divine permission Lord Bishop ot Newcastle, on the 11th day ol' November, in the eighteenth year ot his consecration, being the year of grace, 1864, and the twenty-eighth year of the reign of Queen "Victoria, In the presence of these witnesses ¡-The Rev. William Edward White, B.A., incumbent of the parish; John Hobart Cox, Robert James Luscombe, churchwardens, and, with Francis White, trustees ; and the Revs. Coles Child, B.A., of St. Luke's, Scone; James Blackwood, B.A., incumbent of All Saints', Singleton; William W. Dove.of St. Clement's, Falbrook; and William Skinner Wilson, B.A., of the Church ol the Holy Trinity, Merriwa ; George Gilbert Scott, architect ; Edward T. Blacket, diocesan architect; James Black, builder. [ Edmund T. Blacket] The soroll was then placed in the bottle, together with a copy of the Book of Common Prayer, the latest copies of the local papers, and one of each kind of coin of tbe realm, and laid in the recess prepared for it under the stone. 'The trowel was then banded to the Bishop by the buildor, and he laid the stone with these words: " I lay this as the foundation and corner stone of a churoh to be built in this place, to be named the Church of St. Alban the Martyr, and to be set apart for the preaobing of the right Catholic faith, which we believe and confess-io the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost Amen. The Bishop then added, " The Glorious Majesty of the Lord our God be upon us. O, prosper Thou the work of our bonds upon us ! O, prosper Thou our handiwork ! Amen." Then followed the Apostles' Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the other appointed prajers. The Bishop then delivered a short address to those assembled. Me add that after the long service in which they had been engaged he would not say mauy words, nor would he call upon the olergy to address them now, as they would havo an opportunity of saying some affec- tionate words of encouragement at tho meeting to be held in the schoolroom in the evening : nor would he ask those present to make auy contributions towards the building lund then, as they would have bo opportunity after the servioe io the evening. He spoke of tbe high and blessed privilege of joining in such a work as tbey bad just been engaged in beginning. Ho trusted that many who were present wonld be spared to see the good work finished. The hymn beginning " This stone to Thee in faith we la)" was then sung to the tune " Melcombe," and the Bishop conoluded with the blessing. In the evening, at half-past six, there was divine ser- vice again in the ohuroh Prayers were said by the ¡noumbent ; the lessons read by Rev. W. W. Dove. The Bishop again preached a long and impressive sermon. Immediately after the servios in churoh, a meeting of the Muswellbrook Assooiation of Newcastle church So oiely was held in the schoolroom, at which his lordship presided. The Revs, James Blackwood, W. W. Dove, W, S. Wilson, and W. E. White, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Cox, Mrs. Greaves, Messrs, E. White, E. A. Nardin, F, Sempill, R. J. Lusoombe, and about one hundred other members and their friends were present. After the usual prayers, and singing the 100th pi., the bishop addressed tbe meeting in a long and interest- ing speech, whioh we oannot pretend to do justice to. He first of all alluded lo the ceremonies of the day, tbe confirmation and laying the foundation stone of the new church ; both of whioh supplied evidence that the work of the church in Muswellbrook was progressing in a sub- stantial and satisfactory manner. At the confirmation service ho was much pleased to see the large number of otndidates, who, by their reverent demeanour, shewed that they were fully impressed with the importance of the solemn right to whloh they were coming, and proved also that tbey had been oarelully prepared beforehand to enter upon the full duties and privileges of members of Cariai'* ohuroh. This proved that the provision made hy the ohuroh for the twining of the young in spiritual matters, is in a very efficient and satisfactory condition. Then again the hearty and wgorous efforts made by all members of the church in this district to raise lunds, and surmount all difficulties, in order to begin a building suitable for the public worship of Almighty God, shewed that the influonoo of the ohuroh was equally efficient in providing for the spiritual wants of all olaBses in the district. In addition to this, the people of Mus- wellbrook had not boen backward in making tho ordinary subscriptions for tho general funds of the diooeie, ana while exerting thcmselves in the one great npecial work .f their uew church, they had not omitted their duty in other respeots. It had always been most encouraging to him to think of tho manner in whloh the ahurohmen of this distriot had dono their duty ; it was cheering also to observe that the same spirit and the same works are shewn uniformly throughout the diooese. New ohorohea and new sobools aro rising up in all directions, testifying to the zeal and self-denial of the peoplo in forwarding the work ot the ohuroh and the osuse of religion. His Lordship then particularised the various churob works going on In tho dioceso, and particularly with regard to schools ; he mentioned several oases whloh plainly proved that Ohuroh of England schools do more good, and are therolore more suitable and aooeptnble to the people of the oolony, than the so-callod National sobools. In one oase the managers of the National school applied to the olergyman to take charge of the Behool, or to establish in its place a sobool lu connection with the Churob of England ; in another a population previously averse to the idea of a Ohuroh ot England kanool, having tried the National system and found it a failure, became as atixious for a oburoh school as they Lad been opposed to It ; iu another, a proprietor wuk anxious to give land worth £300 to the Bishop for £100, in order that n ohuroh sobool might bo established. Many other in stanoeB wore adduced by his Lordship showing the grow- ing desire for ohuroh sobools in prelerenoo lo National. In concluding his address the Bishop alluded to the satis- factory slate of the fund for the Bisbopi'io of Grafton and Armidale. Considerable difficulty bad boen antioipated in raising funds for the establishment ot tho new Biiboprio, and he was happy to state that his appeal to tbo northorn part of the diooese had been responded to far beyond his most sanguine expectations. The people bad oome forward in a most noble manner, and instead of £1600, whioh was the largest sum he had vonturod to bono for, tbey had subscribed over £2600. He then called on the Rev. W. E. White to address the meeting, who said, as secretary of tho association, ho would first of all allude to business. The end of the year approached, when the accounts of the society must be closod ¡ be reminded all members of their duty to con- tribute. About half the sum required for the district had been already raised ; and although they would baye a severe drain on thoir funds in the contributions re- quired for the new ohuicb, yet they must not forgot the old object, the Newcastle Church Society, which bad for so many years Bnpplied tbe ministrations of the church in' tbe diocese. There bad been a small surplua last year. He did not anticipate any surplus this year, but he fully believed that the required sum of £210 would be raised bj the meraberB of tbe church in this district before the end of the yeer. That day had been one of great hoppi iiess to liiraself, and he believed also to most of those present, for while he felt a deep debt of gratitude to tho Almighty Giver of all good gifts, very appropriate was it that the firat stone of the material building of Christ's Ohuroh should have been laid on the samo day that so many members of His Spiritual House bad been built up in the faith. He had to thank his Lordship for arranging that the laying the first Btone of the new church should so appro- priately take place on the same day as the confirmation. At first it seemed hopeless to accomplish the laying of the first stone so soon, but by the suggestion of Mr. Blacket, the arobiteot, to lay the first stone of the central pillar, the difficulty had been removed; and the matter was admirably arranged by Mr. Black, the builder, as they had seen to-day. There were several matters con- nected with the church building whioh needed some ex- planation. Some of the hearers might deem that they bad been kept in the dark. First, with regard to the plans : His Lordnhip had told them that the plans cost the large sum of £100; and some might imagine that that sum bad been taken out of the building fund. It was not so ; as he (the incumben!) had suggested that the plans ahouli be sent for from England, and it might be considered in some sense a whim of bis own ; he had much pleasure in presenting them to the churob. _ And tben, again, with regard to the change of site. Some might wonder why the Bite bad been changed. The reason was this : when Mr. Blacket came np to soe the site, on examining the nature of the ground and the nnBafe stale of the old building, he expressed a dicided opinion against the old site, and asked if it were not possible to procure another. At first this heemed impossible. Upon looking over the ground with two of his brothers shortly afterwards, and telling them of Mr. Blacket's opinion, one of them offered to give £50 towards the purchase of an acre ot land where the new site was. Application was at once made to the owner, Mrs Nowland, who was willing to dispose of it; and now he was happy to say the acre was secured, as well as the half-acre on each side-thus making a block of two acres, in the centre of which the new church would stand. The cost of this purchase had not been allowed to touch the building fund, but had been raised amongst his friends. The change of site was also a clear gain of £150, as it would have required that sum for extra foundations had tbe old site been ad- hered to. The amount already in hand for the building fund was about £1400; but when all the subscriptions were in he hoped that Bum would be considerably in- creased. He trusted that all would give willingly to so noble a work, which might truly be called God's work. He would not conclude what be had to say without alluding to the very efficient and satisfactory state of the schools. The day school now numbered 115 on its books, and the Sunday school over 80. They owed much of the pleasure which the solemn services of that day gave to the singing of the choir. For this they had to thank their excellent teacher, Mr. Breyley. To him and the other teachers of the day and Sunday schools they were muoh indebted, and he thanked them for the valu- able aid they had rendered them. The Right Kev. Chairman then called on the Rev. James Blackwood to say a few words. J. H. Cox, Esq. (treasurer), in a brief speech, urged on the members of the church the duty of contributing to the funds of the association, By the end of next week he hoped to have £150 in hand to send down to the parent society, and he recommended all members to be ready when called on with their subscriptions. The Rev James Blackwood then rose and said : My Lord, my rev. brethren, and my Christian friends, at this late hour of the evening I shall merely address a few brief words to the meeting to express the great in- terest and pleasure which I have felt in this day's pro- ceedings. The large number ot candidates for confir- mation, of various ages, but all of them of reverent and devout demeanour, must have been most gratifying to those wbo rightly value the importance of that primitive and apostole rite; whilst tbe crowded state of the congregation this morning gave ample proof of the necessity for an increase of church accommodation. I consider that the people of Muswellbrook have much for which to be thankful ; you have the unwearied care and supervision of your clergyman, the prospect of a new church of large dimensions and of exquisite beauty, and you have, moreover, a most efficient school under the guidance and management of Mr. and Mrs. Brayley, and in which the youth are trained up in the fear and love of God. It is by the multiplication of suitable church and school buildings, and by the untiring energy of the clergy and teachers, that our beloved church is to fulfil her mission, and disseminate the faith as it is in Christ Jesus throughout the length and breadth of this land. Since the erection of a proper building for school pur- poses in Singleton, our children have increased more than fourfold, and wo have an excellent Sunday school also, in full operation. _ Let us hope and trust that our youth will grow np with a reverence for sacred things, and that in alter years the good seed which is now being sown may bring forth much fruit. The Rev, W. W. Dove, of Jerrys Plains, congratulated the Parishioners of Muswellbrook upon the new work begun that day, tbe more heartily because be felt that it had grown out of a oourse of well doing, the good deed springing from those whioh bad gone before it. Tbe luxury of giving to Christ, the pleasure of self-denial for his sake, had been learnt by many amongst them during a stead? adherence to our system of parochial contributions; and the losser offerings they had made from j ear toyoar bad trained them, and led the way for the greater. Doubtless, whilst their ohuroh was being built, they would visit tho site, and find muoh pleasure in seeing one Btone after another being laid in its place, and the edifice rising higher und higher daily. And with the pleasure there will be instrnotion, if tbey remember that each aot of their lives is, like one of those Btonea, helping to build up their characters. It is by the little changes of each day that we are made what we shall be for ever. It is by these, too, that others are helped or hindored. It may seem a little thing to us to give our humble offering to the service of Almighty God, to per lorm our family duties, or te bestow our time or labour on Christian works, but it is by the faithfulness of each member in these leeser duties that the ohuroh will now be built up in our various pirishes, and that spiritual temple completed, which will hereafter be presented before God, "pcrfeot and entire, lacking nothing." The Kev. W. S. Wilson, of Cassilis, in a few warra and earnest words congratulated the parishioners of Muswellbrook on the events of the day. He stated the sincere pleasure it had given him to be present at the services of the day. Muswellbrook reminded him mora of home tban any other colonial parish in whioh he had been -, there seemed more united action amongst church people. He trusted that the good work begun that day might, by God's good blessing, be brought to a happy and prosperoua completion, and might every one present live to see the noble ohuroh finished. Mr. F. Sempill, of the Commercial Bank, being called on by the chairman, testified to the need of additional church accommodation, and stated that he highly approved of the plans being obtained from England. He also promised what help he could give lo the good cause, and in proof of this ¿a wonld write to the dlreotors of his bank, asking tbem to contribute. After some concluding remarks from the Bight Kev. Chairman, the meeting was ended by singing Bishop Hebet's missionary hymn, and the Bishop's pronouncing the blessing. On the following day, the 12th October, the Bishop held a confirmation at the church of St. Matthias, Merton, at eleven am. Ten candidates were presented by tbe Rev. W. E. White-six male, and four female. The servlce oonsisted of the communion oflioe, the confirma, tlon coming after the N cene creed -, thero was a celebra tior. of the holy Huoharlst afterwards, to whioh several of tho newly confirmed remained. His Lordship returned in the afternoon to the parson- age, Muswellbrook ¡ and went on, early on Sunday morn- ing, to hold divine service at St. Clement's, Falbrook. 