VII—RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. DIOCESAN SYNOD. The tenth annual session of the Dioces[?]an Synod was commenced on Monday afternoon. May 2. The Lord Bishop, a large number of clergymen, and the of the various churches assembled at lay representatives Trinity Church at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when the Litany was read, and the Sacrament of tbe Lord's Supper was administered. His Lordship then delivered the fol lowing pastoral address, which was listened to with deep attention:— \- Reverend and Dear Brethren-When I addressed yon trom this place a twelvemonth ago I could not bat advert to the conflict of religions opinion whioh was then agitating the Mother Church, the limit* of whose formnlaries of faith were said to be transgressed by the bold speculations of some of her clergy and others, lay members of her communion. The opinions pro mulgated with reference to the inspiration of Scrip ture by ministers of the Church taking, as it has ever done, the Bible forit? supreme rule of faith in all things necessary to salvation, seemed to impose a duty on those in authority to take heed that 'the mind of tbe Church' should be expressed an this momentous sub ject. With singular unanimity the Bishops and clergy in Convocation assembled solemnly condemned Colenso, as well as mnch of the teachings contained in the works of the '.Essays and Reviews; ' nor baa farther reflection as to the tendency of these writings shaken the convic tion so strongly and unanimously expressed. Whether wisely or not, an attempt was also mads to bring the Tiiyl^inrfical Law to bear upon two of the writers, being parish priests. In all criminal suits affecting the charac ter and livelihood of the accused tbe merciful character of English justice watches with jealous care the accuracy of the indictment as well as the clearness of the evid ence; and so much has religion Itself and the world suffered from legalized intolerance, that in religions prosecutions the Court construes narrowly the language which constitutes the offence, and places tbe most favorable construction on the terms which are alleged to be criminal. Our Ecclesiastical Courts have no soch function assigned them as to declare what ought to be, according to Scripture, the doctrine of the Church. As in the case of the trust-deeds of all religious denomina tions, the Court has simply to judge whether tbe terms of any snefa formulary or document have been violated or ertwxlrA So in the case of our clergy, the language of tbe Thirty- nine Articles or other Formnlaries said to be violated, and the passages of the writers so offending, are compared together, and construed with legal accu racy as to their grammatical meaning. Under such a literal process, tbe tortuous language of controversial essays bordering on heresy eludes the grasp, and thus affords, where the tenor and spirit rather than tbe terms of the iMfiihy are at fault, ample scope for evasion and escape. The fault may exist and yet the crime not be proved. Many a criminal, in like manner, has before now escaped by flaws in the indictment. Such appears to be the case in the late appeal to the Privy Council from tha judgment in tile Court of Arches with regard to the Revs.Dr. R. Williams and Mr. Wilson. Looking at the text of the judgment itself, my Lords coald scarcely nave arrived at any other conclusion. The language of the Articles on the one hand, framed in an age when the literary inspiration of the Scriptures was considered the very keystone of Protestantism, neverthe less does not guard that doctrine with an exact statement and definition, like the Helvetic Confession ot 1566. The latter has this as the title of its first Article—' Of Holy Scripture, the very Word of God,' and then goes on thus:—"We believe and confess the canonical Scriptures of the holy prophets and apostles of either Testament to be the one word Itself of God, and to have their own sufficient authority from themselves, and not from men; for God himself spake to the fathers, the prophets, and apostles, and still speaks to ns through tbe Holy Scrip "My Lords therefore construing the language of the Articles and other Formularies in their strictest literal sense, as in the case of a penal enactment, arrived at this conclusion:—The proposition or assertion that every part of the Scriptures was written under the inspiration or the Holy Spirit is not to be found either in the Articles or in any of the tormnlaries of the Church.' [Note—lt is fair to state respecting Dr. B. Williams, that his own words as quoted do not bear out the accu sation. On the contrary be seems to affirm 'that the Bale is inspired, because the Holy Spirit dwelt lon the writers of it, and in the Church perpetually." 1 They do not clearly predicate of every statement or representation in every part of the Old and New Testament that it is written under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, and therefore the Word of God ; and on these grounds Messrs. Williams and Wilson were acquitted, and; we may add, Luther, tbe great reformer, himself In this part of the judgment the Archbishops of Canterbury and York did not concur, and it is difficult for those who have prayed the words, 'Blessed Lord, who hast caused all Holy Scriptures to be written for out learning,* to accept from the Privy Council as tbe mind, if it be the law of the Church, that then are portions of the Canonical Scrip tures caused by God to be written for our learning, yet not written under tbe inspiration of the Spirit, and con sequently possessing no higher authority than the Apocryphal Books. The distinction drawn between the Cmiffl.in.l and the Apocryphal Books In the 6th Article would seem adverse to the view of the lay Lords of tbe Judicial Committee. Perhaps error in this important subject has arisen from confounding ths revelation of unknown spiritual truth superintending the sacred writers and Inspiration. What could not have otherwise been known was directly revealed and dictated to their minds; and such revealed truth, as well as whatever they might otherwise have known 'necessary for our learning.' they wrote down under ths superintending inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Thus every Scripture, or the whole Scripture, as St. Paul says, was God-inspired, so as to preserve them from every degree of error in all things which could in the least degree affect any doo 'trine or precept. Writing according to their individnal characters, their minds and judgment aa well as memory were nevertheless so guided as to choose the fittest modes of expressing the subject according to tbe age or the purpose on which they were 'moved' to write. The theory of inspiration, not the literal inspiration of every jot and tittle of Holy Writ, has commended itself to tbe most judicious of our theologic writers as guard ing sufficiently the authority, certainty, and truthfulness of Holy Scripture. Whether in the course of ages literal mistakes nave been introduced by copyists, or passages Interpolated, is a fit enquiry for Biblical criticism, whether the facts recorded are in accordance with his torical monuments from time to time brought to light —whether the language used in the teaching of the world's childhood was suited to tbe age rather than strictly scientific are fair subjects for discussion. The inspiration which guided the sacred writers does not necessarily imply direct revelation on all points not relevant or necessary to the spiritual or moral lesson intended to be conveyed. In truth, most of the difficulties of Scripture arise from the want of more detailed infor mation; and so long as guoh diffiraitHwi are discussed in a reverent spirit—so long as facts are fairly stated —no condemnatory opinions will arrest enquiry, or do more than create sympathy towards the party so con demned. "Mr. Wilson's 'surmises' as to the permanent destiny Of the wicked after judgment, though not only, in the opinion of most Christians, without warrant, but also repugnant to the general tenor of Scripture, and to more than one express declaration of our Lord, may not have constituted a penal offence, though contrary to any ex press written dogma of tbe Church. It was pointed out by the Court that there is so distinct declaration either by the Catholic Church, or by our own branch of it, condemning such latitude of opinion as Mr. Wilson sug gested—a liberty which has been taken for ages, espe cially by Origin, in tbe fourth century. The danger of such a 'surmise' as affecting also the permanent hap piness of the righteous is perhaps exaggerated if human analogies are worth anything. A hope suggested that 'penal servitude' might possibly find mitigation ere tbe last sands of Ufa had run out would scarcely make any Innocent man think tbe permanency of Ms own life-long freedom and happiness thereby imperilled. ~"I have dwelt perhaps somewhat at length on this judgment, because I think it has been viewed with too great alarm. Tbe Ark of the Covenant and the lively oracles within it may be shaken for a moment, but God will vindicate His own train. Let as have greater faith in the divinity of our holy religion-in Christ as the power of God and the wisdom of God. Tbe Court does not acquit or sanction the -Essays and Reviews,' it only shows that the law of the Church is loose, her spirit tolerant, ber caution in dogmatizing great; but 11 ever the Judicial Committee should pronounce any destelon against the faith once delivered to the saints, % blow wOl be struck which must sever the Church from Btate, and compel believers to separate from an apostate State religion. I do not fear that such an emergency will arise, or that tbe clergy of the National Church wot give an uncertain sound as to the authority of God's Word written, or tbe Gospel scheme of salvation. "The Relations of Colonial Dioceses to the Church ot England.—Tbe judgment of the Privy Council in the case of Long v. Bishop of Cape Town has ascertained the law in this respect in a manner altogether satisfactory to the members of thia Synod, The judgment itself, and an explanatory document upon it, forwarded by the Duke of Newcastle, are placed before you. The liberty we claimed in 1855, in common with other religious bodies in this colony, to frame rules for enforcing dis cipline over all those who 'expressly or by Implication should assent to tnem,' is folly acknowledged as lawful. Legal jurisdiction, indeed, is not given by the letters patent to the Bishop, nor is the tribunal we have agreed to establish in any sense a Court, for it has no power to enforce its sentences. For that purpose we must apply, if need be, to tbe Supreme Court of the colony, which will give effect to our decisions, if within tbe scope of our authority according to the rules we have framed and consonantly with the principles of justice. It is also ?tated that if there be no previous contract or trust, expressed or implied, between tbe Bishop and the patron or presenter to the benefice, it is competent to the Biihop to make the licence or admission of a Clerk to a spiritual office, benefice, or cure, as well as ordination itaelf, con ditional on assent given to such rules as have been framed nnder tbe Synodal Compact. Finally, the Bishop's corporate character, and any other incidents of his episcopal position which result from bis letters patent, remain untouched by the recent judgment. "On the questions submitted to His Grace the Secre tary of State for tbe Colonies, that the rules of our Diocesan Synod should receive tbe assent and approval of Her Majesty, by new letters patent, in order to bind succeeding Bishops to the compact, the Duke of New castle took the opinion of tha law officers of the Crown. Such a course was considered undesirable because unprecedented, and tending to bind too stringently the action of the Synod, as well as affect possibly tbe title to the endowment of tbe See. "There Is evidently great desire, or at least readiness to grant all necessary liberty to colonial dioceses for carrying on the work of the Church. The time may come when the nomination of the Bishop may be con ceded to the Synods provincial, if not diocesan. Mean while, in the absence of legal Jurisdiction or ecclesias tical power to enforce discipline, except through the Synodal Compact, we most find the guarantee for my successor's assent and consent to that engagement- ii Indeed their acceptance of a See in which such anjnstt tution as the Synod, with ita roles lawfully established, •xlsts, would not of itself be, in a legal point of new, an implied acceptance also of the contract and its obli gations "Missions to the Heathen.—From its firet foundation the Sysod, as the representative of oar Church, has marked Its interest in this subject by fixing an annual sermon to be preached in all the churches in aid of some mission to the beathen. This Diocese has accordingly sent to .India's assistance in former years, and last year to the Melane ?i.n Mission, at the same time inritine Bisdop Patteson to Ti?it this Diocese. I need not say how gladly he was weioomed, and I cannot but express my deep satisfaction at the fall n-^'r of the Synod on the occasion, both of joleny ?na Wty, w&ea; row address w? presented to liim. Of Ma devoted labors, bis nudeat ?! ?PI*PSI.!S* ' unclouded faith, I need not speak. They oil dwell fre??Jy in your memories. The presence of such a man does more to establish us in the faith, by making our hearts bum within us, and yearn in love towards those who know not the unsearchable riches ot Christ, than ten ' thousand volumes of Rationalistic Criticism, or Scep- tical Philosophy cm effect towards robbing us of our best consolation here and hope or glory hereafter. It is good, however, not only to be zealously. affected while he was present with us, but moon more in his ateeaot. while he has now gone forth with his life in Jii? hand, standing in jeopardy every boar while seeking to bnng the Melanesian heathen to the knowledge of their God and Saviour. . _ . "I hope and I believe that ferrent prayer is offered? by manyon bis behalf and that of Ids mission, that God may protect him and bless his endeavours. Still material means for the support of his Melanesian scholars, his mission ship and crew, himself, and clergy who go faith taking nothing of the Gentiles. It is oar privilege to aid their work and bring them on their way. Already many of our clergy nave established Parochial Mission ary Associations for the purpose of collecting funds, i Every £10 will ??tn<Ain a (ingle heathen scholar. Might we not have to such ? It would be, I know, ? great encouragement to Bishop Patteson if the Synod us the representative body of the diocese, would adopt this mission as belonging of right to the Australasian dioceses. I would recommend the cause to the general acceptance of members of our Church ,by ? resolution to that effect "It is of much importance that the lands to be raised should be as near as may be fixed at a given sam, and that sum remitted at a given date, so that the Bishop might count with tolerable certainty on it* amount and arrival. The favorable impression produced on him by the earnestness of your zeal in the missionary cause, the liberality of your contribution!?, his reception by the Synod, the appearance of order, steadfastness and pro gress in the affaire of the diocese, the solidity of your churches and the other ecclesiastical buildings will be enhanced, I am sure, by your co-operation in the mission to which he has devoted hi? life and fortune. Letts try and not fall short of an annual contribution or the sum O f JE2OO at least. I believe nothing practically keeps our own fiuth in such healthy vigonr as caring for the salvation of others; and I count it a good Hgn ot the faith of South Australians that on every occa sion on which Bishop Patteson advocated his mission crowded assemblies, composed of Christians ot every denomination, gladly heard from him what things God had wrought by him among the Gentiles. "There are two other questions under the consideration of the Church at home to which I may briefly advert —l. The terms of subscription. 2. The revision of the Bnrial Service. In my address last year I pointed out how the colon'al clergy were relieved from the stringent terms of subscription required by the terms of the Act of Uniformity, 13 and 14 Charles IL, c. 4. It is worthy of remark, that while the other c'aases of the Act require every incumbent, openly and publicly before his congrega tion: to declare his unfeigned assent and consent to the nseor all things contained in Uxe Book or Common Prayer &c; the form prescribed by section 4, whether by design or accident, omits the words 'the use of,' and mokes the incumbent assent and consent to all things contained therein. The 36th Canon is in strict accor dancewith the intention of the Act, if not the form of eabsariotion, and a Committee of Convocation recom mends that the two be brought into closer agreement. Whether Parliament will go beyond the purpose of wording the Act of Charles 11., namely, -unfeigned assentand consent to the use of all things contained in the Book of Common Prayer,' is very problematical, and an honest consent to use the prayer as it stands seems stringent declaration enough for those who wait at the national altar. "The Burial Service also has been the subject of discussion with a view to modification of its expressions. I have repeatedly stated that the clergy in this diocese are not compelled by the territorial claims of an Estab lished National Church to accept the disadvantages of such a Position, and bury, in the language of elevated hope, the remains of anyone who maybe brought to them for interment, whether known or unknown to them, whether cut off in the act of deadly sin, or dying in avowed unbelief. "I am well aware that in the commendatory prayer the personal pronoun 'his' or 'her' was exchanged for 'the resurrection to eternal life at the last revise of the Prayer-book; that 'our' was substituted for 'bis' in the sentence 'who shall change "our" vile body.'&c..; so as to make the sure and certain hope of resurrection to etern a life general, and not special to the individoall buried. I know also that the words ' this onr brother' were also omitted at the same time from the prayer that it may please God to hasten Bis kingdom, that we Cnot he] with all those that are departed in the true faith of His Holy Name, may have oar [not hisj perfect consummation and blies both in body and soul, &c; In this diocese, therefore, as hope may admit of very different degrees, and the clergy are not cotnpellable to use the office over those of whom they know nothing, or only that which is bad, there is not the same uneasiness felt as in the case of the national ministry at home. Still, the office breathes the language of hope and than ksgiving with regard to the deceased person; and while St Paul bids us sorrow not without hope, it sorely can be hardly necessary to * give hearty thanks for the removal of a beloved partner or child,' whose continued stay upon earth has been the object ol our most earnest prayers, and whose loss well nigh breaks the heart The sisters of Lazarus were not reproved for weeping bitterly over his departure nor commanded to thank God for it. On the whole, then, both in the darker cues and in the more hopeful ones, some few expressions might be so modified as to bring the office more into harmony with the actual rather than the ideal condition of the Church Militant No doctrine would be impaired, but truth and sincerity would be alike consulted. " Excellent as the Book of Common Prayer undoubtedly is,-and great as is the privilege accorded to our Church of having fellowship in prayer with the Church of all ages, still this office does inflict on man; clergymen, pious men, and lovers of our Church, unnecessary pain, [t has already undergone revision more than once and I am persuaded that the present age is not inferior in piety, learning, or discretion to those on which these •barges were made. Here, I repeat, we are free from any ecclesiastical law, which compels the indiscriminate ?Be of the service by the parochial clergy. Still, we wish to be freed from the continual necessity of detending or appearing to explain away expressions which seem to carry with them a meaning which ill accords with the circumstances of the case, or the feelings of friends and mourners. "1 have new touched on those points of public interest in the Mother Church in this diocese since we last assembled. The statistical details will be laid before you at an adjourned meeting this evening." EVEHTJfG MEETING. In Hie evening the members met for business at the Church Offices, Leigh-street. SYNOD HOL.L The synod-roll having been called, it was ascertained that the following members were present :— The Lord Bishop (President.). Clergy—The Very Eev. Dean Farrell, the Revs. J. PoUitt, Canon Marryat, H. M. PoUitt, D. J. U. Ibbetson, G. Dove, W. Dacres Williams, E. Jenkins, T. E. Neville, W. B. Andrews, J. S. Jackson, Canon Coombs. Thomas Field, Canon Fair, F. Williams, and the following members of the laity:—T. O'Halloran, F. Sanderson. J. Bath, E. W. Wickes. W. T. Cooper. L. J. Pelham. T. Fax, jam, N. Blyth, S. Goode, E. E. Simpson, J. W. NichoUs. L. W. Thrnpp, T. H. Viney, C. B. Young, Meredith, Hemsley, B, B. Lucas. B. H. Babbagc. F. Wick •teed, J. S. Brown, A. Blyth, J. W. Bull, N. Oldham, W, J. FuUarton, J. Williams, K. G. Jay, T. Goss, E. A. (xower, J. Hoggins, and Dr. Ward. THE smOD COMPACT. Those members who had not previously signed the Synod compact attached their names to it, in accordance with the requirements of the Fundamental Provisions. DOCUMENTS. h;? Lordship laid upon the table the undermentioned documents, received from England since Gne last meeting of Synod:— Ist The Duke of Newcastle's despatch, dated isth Sep tember, 1863, on the subject of supplementary letters patent; 2nd. The opinion of the Law Officers enclosed therou; 3rd. The extract of a despatch from the Duke of Newcastle to Governor Wodehouse, relating to the case of Lang versus the Bishop of Cape Town; 4th. A report of the aforesaid case; sth. Supplementary letters patent,extend ing the Bishop's diocese to the Northern Territory. STATE OF DIOCESE. The Lord Bishop next read his report on the state of the diocese, with statistics for the past year, as follows :— "On comparing the various returns with those of the preceding year, they are satisfactory in sonu important points, discouraging in none. The removal of any incumbent minister lrom his cure, unless replaced by one equally esteemed, cannot but have a prejudicial effect on bis congregation, bis Sunday-school, and other parochial institutions. But where bis place cannot be supplied, it is very riiffifnlt, under the incumbency system of parochial cures, to carry on the work of the Church at all. At home it centres in the parish clergyman, and there is no lack of officiating minister* during the vacancy of the benefice. The services are continue! without interruption, Such is not the case in a colony like this, and I owe it to the zealous and persevering care of many lay readers that congregations have been held together in many places, churches kept open, and Sanday-eohools carried on. It may seem invidious to notice any cases particularly, where much credit is doe to all; but to those who question the propriety of lay agency, in carrying on Divine Worship. Port Elliot, WilUamstown, Kooringa, Wallaroo, and Kadina may be instanced aa vindicating the benefit ot such co-operation under the general superintendence of missionary clergy. Stilt, it is only a preparatory and provisional state of things, until a congregation having gathered, a church erected and cleared of debt, the means of providing for a clergyman by a parsonage and stipend shall become available, fo deny the privilege of Divine Worship to the scattered members of our Church until an ordained minister can be permanently placed among them, is at once irrational, and contrary to the free loving spirit of the Gospel. "Clergy-—The want which pressed so severely on us led me at the last Synod to turn your attention to the supply of a colonial ministry trained amongst ourselves The laborers being few, the direction, 'Pray ye the Lord of the harvest to send forth laborers into his harvest' seems to come home to us with peculiar force; and when, hopeles? of obtaining supplies from borne, most unex pectedly, I may say, three candidates offered them selves, whom, after due examination, I was enabled to ordain, 'with satisfaction to myself, and, I believe, with benefit to the Church of God. They are laboring at Blakiston. Woodvule, and in the Home Missionary work of the diocese, purchasing to themselves, as Deacons, a good degree, I preparatory to admission to the foil orders ot Presbyter. •' In addition to these, I have the satisfaction of expec ting shortly the Key. Albert J. Pashley, approved by the Board of Examiners of the Society for the Propa gation of the Gospel, for employment in this diocese. Witnjthe experience of six. years as curate in Sheffield and I hope bis services may be found accept able at Wallaroo and Kadina—if, at least the suspension of mining operations does not alienate the means for a time at least, of supporting the ministry. "The B*v. Lionel W. Stanton, late Curate of Stepney, has been selected by the Agent-General (G. S. Walters Esq.,) for the Bnrra, where, in addition to the duty at the church, he will also manage the grammar-school about to be established there. The reduction of the mining population in Kooringa having affected the prosperity of the township, it .has been deemed expe dient to combine these offices at the present time, the want of a superior education being felt in that district no less than of ministerial duty. The fluctuations incident to; colonial affairs generally, and mining operations in particular, justify, in my opinion, a combination of the schoolmaster and clergyman, otherwise undesirable. The number of licensed clergymen will now be 33. ••Missionary Chaplain and Itinerating Clergy.— The supply of ordained ministers above alluded to has re lieved Mr. Craig from the work of paying monthly visits to some of the vacant churches; and I have tue pleasure to report that I have received intelligence from him, dated Streaky Bay, April 2ist Accompanied by an intelligent native from Poonindee as bis guide, and supplied with horses from that station, he will have visited, before he returns, 27 stations. On his way up he held occasional_as well ao evening services every osy His journal will be sent up by the next mail, and I hope will be in time for publication the Synod's pro- ? x¥ nFI~J^ c Btoi eV^ at *" had gone well,' and that be had been 'most kindly received everywhere.' His native guide was also instructed to communicate with the natives on the road npon the great truths of religion A missionary clergyman specially attached to this district would, I believe, be thankfully received and liberally supported. Some such step seems absolutely required. A sufficient sphere would still be left on this ' side Spencer's Gulf for the labours of Mr. Craig. ! "The Synod will also be glad to learn that the Bey. J. PoUitt has visited some stations on Yorke's Peninsula on his way to Wallaroo. In one instance only did he fall to meet a cordial and thankful welcome. Ungodliness and intemperance usually go hand In hand. Otber clergy have likewise kindly undertaken some missionary dutiaj from time to time, their expenses being defrayed by the congregations which they serve. Messrs. Jackson, Marryat, Russell, Williams, Farr, and others, have thus rendered very essential service in upholding and uniting the scattered congregations unsupplied with resident pastors. "Personally j bare been.tble to visit the Fort Llnooln i | district and Poonindie Institution. The Utter I found r going on satisfactorily, and by the aid of Mr. Clay?eld, 11 as schoolmaster, the wellbeing, religious instruction, i and happiness of tbe natives has been enhanced. The i school chapel has been thoroughly repaired and beautified, i out of the funds of tbe Institution, and commodious .? apartments obtained for Sir. Clayfield, who as lay ? reader assists Mr. Hammond in the Sunday services for the natives. I have also vi?ited Kadina and Wallaroo. Clare, and come portions of the Narrien district, as well as many of the outlying cUurches. Still I regret to say that the banks of the Murray and the country about Truro have hitherto been left unvisited, and demand early attention (as soon as be can be spared) bom the Missionary Chaplain. Confirmation services have been more numerous than in former years. "Churches and Parsonages.—During the past year the fellowing churches have been completed, repaired, enlarged, or commenced:—St. George's, Gawler, is a beautiful structure, seating above 400, and on the Sunday of its being opened actually filled with 600; St Barnabas', Clare; St. Michael's, Mitoham; Emanael, Chinkford; St. Bartholomew's, Norwood: St. John's, Salisbury; Melrose. Bungaree, and Woodside. Tbe parsonages at Magill and Wiuanea have been repaired, while at Mount Gambier and Lynooch Valley new one? are in course of erection -tbe two latter at oontiderablelexpense. "Note. —In many instances the actnal number of sittings erected or let have been specified in the returns, whereas the area accommodation of the churches, calculated according to the school average of six square feet to each individual. wooid be considerably larger. Some uniform rule by measurement should be adopted for Government statistics if comparisons are drawn on tbe ecclesiastical data thus supplied. "Sunday Scholars.—There is some inoreaae in tbe total number, but while churches are left without ministers much increase in this respect cannot be looked for. I confirmed in IS churches, and rejoice to mark the increasing interest taken in this solemn rite, as well as the care evidently taken in the preparation of tbe candidates by the clergy, rendering these occasions deeply interesting and impressive to all engaged in them. "Some unnecessary trouble has been caused to the Secretary by delay in making the diooesin returns, as well as of the election of eynodamen. It shonld be understood that unless vestry meetings for .the latter purpose are held in tbe Easter week, or adjourned from some day in that week, the elections are invalid. The return of synodatnen elected should be made to the Bishop witiiin seven days. "On the whole (I say so with thankfulness to the great Head of tbe Church) that the external condition of the diocese is such as to relieve me, as Ordinary, from anxiety. Means have been taken whioh, in the course of a very few years, will place sufficient funds at tbe disposal of Synod and tbe attorneys of tbe S. P. G. to sustain and extend the action of the voluntary principle in supplying Divine ordinances to the members of our communion throughout the colony. We have ecclesi astical autonomy conceded to us within the wide limits of acknowledging the supremacy of the Crown and observing tbe recognised principles of the English Church?^ No imaginary illegality prevents our adopt ing ;the most suitable measures for fulfilling the mission of tbe Church in preaching the everlasting GospeL Tolerant yet steadfast in ber faith and discipline— friendly, and willing to co-operate (wherever it is possible without compromise of principle) with other religious bodies in the promotion of the moral and social weltare of the colony—assuming nothing, and yielding nothing which is essential —our Church and ministry may exercise freely such influence as the position which God has assigned them in the world justifies and requires. By Him alone can their efforts be made available,- ;to him alone be .the glory of any usefulness which they possess." Mr. C. B. r-ODKG moved, "That tbe thanks of the Synod be given to the Lord Bishop for bis valuable pastoral ad dress, report of tbe state of the diocese, and statistical returns, and that the same be printed." Mr. N. OLDHAit seconded the motion, which was carried STANDING COMMITTEE'S BEPOBT. The Seceetabt read the following annual report of tbe Standing Committee or Synod:— Annnni report of Standing Committee of Synod :— " Adelaide, April, 1864. "In accordance with Regulation No. 4, the Standing Committee elected by the Synod of 1863-64 now submit to you a report of their proceedings during tbe past year, and a statement of accounts duly audited, to which they refer you for information on oil monetary transactions, and pro ceed to bring under your notice other matters of interest. "Endowment of Churches.—ln compliance with the reso lution (see Report. 1563. page 60) of the last Synod—'Thatit is desirable that a form of deeds or other documents to be given by tbe attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel as security for endowment, or In acknowledg ment of tbe terms upon which they receive funds for endow ment, should be settled without any further delay, and that tne Standing Committee be instructed to take the necessary steps accordingly'—the Committee did, on tile Ist day of jane last, appoint a Snb-Committee (Messrs. Tfampp and Pelham) to confer with the attorneys on the matter. Con siderable difficulty was found in attaining die object sought, in consequence of the power of the attorneys not allowing tnem to act as trustees, and a draft power, entirely approved ot Iby the Snb-Committee was prepared by the attorney's solicitor and sent to England for approval. By the April mail the attorneys have received a communication from the Secretary, stating that the Committee conld not recommend the Society to adopt tbe drafts sent, and re turning them for amendment and revision, but proposing another plan by which the same objects may, it is trusted, be attained. The attorneys have not had an opportunity (at the time of writing this report) of considering the matter, but will doubtlass give it early and serious atten tion. In tbe meantime they have furnished the Committee with a schedule showing the portions of their income de rived trom rents of country lands and interest on loans which they have set aside for the purpose of securing the due fulfilment of their engagements to the various en dowed churches; also, the cost of such lands and the amount of the loans. " Alteration in toe Plan of Grant-in-Aid.—TheCommitee have carried oat toe resolution (see Report, 1863, page 63) of calculating the amounts received by the ministers from weekly collections as an additional sitting for every pound received. This action has been unimportant in its res alt. " Widows and Orphans of Clergy Fund.—Tbe Committee, finding great difficulty in satisfactorily carrying out the views adopted by the last Synod and working oat the details (see Report, 18G3, page 64), appointed a Sub-Committee, consistingof the Bey. J. S. Jackson, Messrs. Blyth. Hawkes, and Young, who now offer an entirely new scheme, which the Committee submit for your serious consideration. " Grant from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts The Committee regret to state that the Bishop bas as yet received no authority to draw for any amount in aid for the current year; but your Secretary has written, urging a renewal of tbe grant for three years, and they hope for a favorable answer after the ?"?"' meeting to be held in London in the month of March. "General Church Fund and Home Mission.—Tbe Com mittee regret to state that this account still continues to fall off in amount, but as the expenditure has decreased in a far greater ratio (chiefly in consequence of the reduction in tbe Secretary's salary, which, although cheerfully sub mitted to by him. leaves a very inadequate return of his ser vices) they now leave a balance in hand which will enable their successors in office to apportion a sum towards borne missions, which they regret to say no contribution has been made oat of this fund since 1857. Under these circumstances they have deferred for the present a proposed alteration in the manner of keeping the accounts, namely, to charge a portion of the expenses to the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, Alien's Pastoral Aid, and other funds in future. Tha Committee call attention to the list of subscrip tions, showing bow liberally some of the Churches have re sponded to the call; and trasl that the example will be fol lowed by others during the ensuing year, enabling their successors, while allowing a more liberal expenditure, to contribute something considerable to the Home Mission. ••N.B. In consequence of not having the Treasurer's balance-sheet before them, the Committee of but year made the mistake of congratulating Synod upon the improve ment of this fund, when in fact there was a considerable re duction in tbe receipts as compared with the preceding year. "Bishop Patteson's Visit.—The Lord Bishop, in com pliance with the wish of the last Synod (Report 1863, page 61), invited the Lord Bishop of New Zealand and toe Bight ttev. Bishop Patteson to visit the Diocese. Although the former was not able to avail himself of the invitation, the latter favored the Church and tb< colony with a visit. He was received the day after his arrival at the Church Office by a numerous body of Synodsmen and other members of the ChoreU. and expressed himself much delighted with big reception. He remained in tbe colony about a fortnight, preaching and lecturing to numerous congregations and audiences, who showed their appreciation of the value of his work by contributing the sum of £200 in aid of tbe Melane sian mission; nor is this tbe only reaslt, as several churches have formed parochial Societies, and one has already for warded a quarterly subscription. It is hoped that these examples may be generally followed, go that the assistance given by this diocese may be steadily continued. This is what tbe Bishop especially requested, in order that he might know upon what funds he migut depend for the maintenance of bis Melanesian scholars from the various islands. ** Nevhae Blyth, •• Chairman ot Standing Committee of Synod. "April 21. 1&6 L" Mr. C. B. Young moved, and Mr. F. J. Sanderson seconded, "that the report be received and printed." Carried. CLERGT, WIDOW AND OBPHAN FOND. The Secketabt read the report of the Committee on the above fund as nnder: — "The Committee appointed by Synod to consider the most practicable scheme for making provision for the families of deceased clergymen have had under their con sideration since they presented their former report a scheme adopted by the Newfonndlan i Church Society, and success fully in operation iv that diocese. The standing rules of the •Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund' in Newfoundland, with other information as to its establishment, was kindly for warded to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide by the Bey. John Pearson, Secretary to the abovenamed Society, and handed by His Lordship to the Committee for consideration. "After mature deliberation, tbe Committee have come to the conclusion that a scheme similar in principle to tbe one now referred to would be preferable to the plan recom mended in their previous report, of assisting clergymen in the payment of premiums on life assurance policies. "The scheme that your Committee would suggest for adoption in this diocese is as follows; - —l. Tbe Standing Committee of Synod shall have the management of tbe Fund, which shall be deposited in the Savings Bank, or securely invested from time to time. '"2. All clergymen in tbe diocese holding the Bishop's licence may secure the benefit of t&is; fund by contributing within six months from its establishment, or within one year of obtaining their licence from the Bishop, as follows : —<l) Unmarried clergymen and widowers without a child, £2 per annum; (2) married clergymen and widowers with a child, £t per annum. After the expiration of the above term, clergymen shall only be allowed to come under the provision of the Fund by the permission of tbe Committee, and by paying donble the amount that they would have naid had they availed themselves of its provisions at the proper "'3. After the first payment subscriptions shall become due on tbe 3lst of December in every subsequent year; every clergyman neglecting to make payment by that date shall forfeit his claim npon the Fund, to be recovered only upon payment of arrears with 10 per cent interest; bnt if two years payment are in arrears the claim upon the Fond will be absolutely forfeited. " ? 4. Every clergyman securing the benefit of this Fond will be expected to make and forward to the Treasurer of Synod a yearly special collection from bis congregation. -* * 6. The widow of every clergyman who shall have paid his annual subscription, and forwarded an annual collection till bis death, or if incapacitated by mental or bodily in firmity, shall have been excused by tbe Standing Com mittee from such payments, shall be entitled to receive a yearly pension of £30 during widowhood. The payment of this pension being expressly guaranteed by the Synod under all circumstances. Should the Fund admit of an increase of the amount of pension, it will be competent for tbe Standing Committee to grant such an amount as it may see fit. •• * 6. If the widow die, or marry again, tne pension shall be paid to trustees for the benefit of such children of the deceased husband as may be; if boys under 16, if girls under 18 years of age; tbe trustees named by a deceased clergyman to be recognised by the Committee, or if no such trustees shall have been named, or If they are not able or willing to act, the Standing Committee may appoint any two members of the Church of England to be trustees. "7. If the wife die before her husband, his child or chil dren shall receive the pension so long as there is a claimant under tbe preceding rule. "8. If a clergyman removes from the diocese be shall be entitled to receive back one-third amount he has paid, which payment will of course release the fund from all his claims npon it. This rule not to apply in cases of tempo rary absence from the colony by permission of tbe Bishop. In case, however, a clergyman shall nave held the Bishop's licence for a period of 20 years, he shall be allowed in the event of his leaving bis diocese to continue his payments, and remain on the same footing as if still resident therein. " 9. The yearly statement of accounts of the fund shall be duly audited and laid before Synod every Easter. " Your Committee append to this report the Standing Rules of tbe Newfoundland Fund, of which the above sug gestions are a modification, and the letter from the rev. Secretary that accompanied them." i?On tb? motion of Ox. C. B. Yooko, geoonded by Sir. W. J. Fnllarton, it was resolved "That the report be received and printed." MISSION TO THE ABORIGINES. The Committee's report on the above subject was read, to the following effect :— "The Committee appointed to co-operate with the Lird Bishop in considering the feasibility of establishing a Church of England Mission for the heathen aborigines of this province beg to report: — *? I. That they turned tbeir attention to Lacepede Day. and the Coorong, as suitable sites for a Missionary Institu tion similar to that existing at Point Macleay. Tbe Rev. J. S. Jackson accordingly visited those places, and reported that there were a greater number of aborigines on tbe Coo rong than at LacepedeJ?ay, and recommended a place called Policeman's Point as a desirable situation. Application was accordingly made for a grant of lana at Policeman's Point; the site was, however, objected to for reasons stated in a letter from tbe Commissioner of Crown Lands appended to this report. The distance from Adelaide has prevented a second visit to the locality on the part of any member of the Commiteee. "2. Whilst regretting that their labours have not been broight to a successful issue, your Committee are fully con vinced of the desirability ot establishing a native mission, and trust that tbe Synod will appoint another Committee to carry out the oblcct **C. B. Yotog, Convener. " Crown Lands and Immigration Office, •* Adelaide, December 29. ISE3. "Gentlemen—l have the honor, by direction ot the Com missioner, to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of tbe 17th ultimo (2.672-63), applying for a grant of that piece of land ou the Coorong known as Policeman's Point, for the purposes of an aboriginal institution, similar to Uiat at Point MoLeay. "I now enclose a copy of a memo, from tbe Surveyor - General, with regard to tbe site applied for by you; and am directed by the Commissioner to sog^rest that you should re consider the matter with the view of selecting a different " I am, Gentlemen, your obedient servant, "Ed?. Wildman. Secretary. " Messrs, Dove, Young, and Jackson, care of the "ttev. George Dove. Walkerville." "Copy of Minute of Surveyor-General on No. 5,6T2-G3, irom Youn". Dove, and Jackson, in re Portion of Reserve at Policeman's Point for Aboriginal Institute, "The site asked for is upon the cast bank of tbe Coorong, directly on tbe leading road from Adelaide to the South- East, and is otherwise objectionable by being immediately between two public-bouses, and at no great distance (about five miles) Irom each. The mile of agricultural land asked for would also be required to be at some distance to the east, and separated by a ridge of sandy, hilly ground from tbe point The mall horses are at present changed there, and the well is a regular camping-place for travellers and for men passing np and down with stock. To successfully attain the object sought for I should imagine the site should be as far as possible away from the general traffic so far as Is consistent with the requirements of the natives, and I would respectfully suggest that a better site be selected. "G. W. Govder, Surveyor-General. "December lt>, 1863," Mr. C. B. Youno moved " That the report be received and printed." Mr. W. J. Fcllahton seconded the motion, whioh wae carried. BALANCE-SHEETS. TheSECBETAKT read audited balance-sheets of the Synod, of the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, and Trustee of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund. Mr. C. B. Yodnc moved, and the Bey. J. Pollitt seconded, tust the reports be received and printed. iCarried j DATS OP MEETING. Hr. C. B. Yoonc moved—"That the days of meeting during the present session be Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, at 3 o'clock, excepting next Thurs day. May s, that being Ascension Day." Mr. J. W. 801 l seconded the motion, which was carried. OFFICE BEABERS. Messrs. A. Blyth and W. J. Fnllarton were appointed scrutineers for all elections throughout the session. The Synod then proceeded to vote by ballot for the Standing Committee (numbering seven clergymen and 14 laymen), two Treasurers, and two Auditors. The result was as follows: —Clergy— Bey. Canon Marryat, D. J. H. Ibbeteon, W. B. Andrews, Geo. Dove, Very Bey. tbe Dean, Canon Bussell, J. S. Jackson. Laity—Messrs. N. Blytb, T. O'Halloran, N. Oldbam, L. W. Thrupp, C. B. Yonng, L. J. Pelhain. XV. J. Fnllarton, S.Goode, A. Biytb, F. Wicksteed, E. W. Wickes, C D. Cooper, J. Williams. F. Sanderson. Treasurers -Messrs. T. O' Balloran. and N. Oldbam. Score - tary—Mr. F. Wicksteed. Auditors—Messrs. L. W. Tarupp.andG. W. Uawkes. STANDING ORDERS. Mr. N. Bltth mored " That the Standing Orders followed during the last session of Synod be the Standing Orders of Synod." Mr. F. J. Sanderson seconded the motion, which was carried. NEW SrNODSMAN. The Lobd Bishop reported that Mr. Henry Scott had been elected a Synodsman of St Peter's Church, Glenelg, in place of Mr. J. Williams, who had been elected a Synodsman of St James's Church, Blakiston. NOTICES OP MOTION. Several notices of motion were handed in. SUSPENSION OF STANDING ORDERS. Mr. T. O'Halloran moved, and the Bey. W. B. Andrews seconded "That the Standing Orders besuspended, to enable the notices of motion to be disposed of." Carried. PUBLICATION OF REPORT. Mr. C. B. Young moved " That a Committee of three, of whom the Secretary shall be one, edit and publish tbe report of the proceedings of tbe present session of Synod." Mr. L. J. Pelham seconded the motion. Mr. B, H. Babbage wished to know what the total ex penses of printing the report and other things last year amounted to. The Secretabt said the printing of the report cost £15, and other printing and stationery amounted to JU Ms. 6d. Mr. Babbage said be was quite satisfied ; the expense was not extravagant The motion was carried, and the Rev. Canon Marryat and Mr. C. B. Young agreed to act as a Committee with Mr. Wicksteed, tbe Secretary. WIDOW AND ORPHAN FUND. Mr. C. B. Young moved "That the report of the Com mittee on the Widow and Orphan Fond be adopted." He remarked that the Committee felt great difficulty in arriving at any determination respecting a scheme. At length they agreed upon a plan of insurance through the insurance offices of the colony, and although he did not feel very partial towards it, yet he thought it most be adopted, as no other suitable scheme seemed to present itself to them. By a providential occurrence, 89 he deemed it, the scheme in pxisrfnw in Newfoundland was placed before them, and its provisions seemed so applicable to this diocese that the Committee determined npon adopting it. Be would, there tore move the adoption of the scheme. The Ber. J. Poixrrr seconded. Mr. Babbage thought they should have some farther in formation as to how the scheme was likely to work in the colony before they determined upon adopting it. They had before them the result of the pension scheme adopted in the civil service, and they should take a lesson from that. Sir. Tubopp had an unhappy recollection of the pension scheme, and he forthwith traced its history. He cautioned them against making suoh a mistake as that in relation to their fund. He compared the diocese of Newfoundland with thatof this colony, and said they should have a wide basis so ttwt the losses should only fall lightly upon the general body or shareholders. Another principle ot insurance was that they ebould have a nucleus of capital, so as to show that the insured could get the benefits offered. It would be cruelly disappointing if the funds were not forthcoming when they were required, and in the formation of an insurance fund they must provide against such a result. He then proceeded to show that the Synod had control over no funds which couM enable it to guarantee tbe payment of the policies. He should, however, be sorry to sec such a movement fall to the ground, and he would therefore suggest the following amendment: —" Fhat clergymen of this diocese who have or shall insure their lives and secure to their widows and orphans the beneflt of tbe policies shall, so long as they hold the Bishop's licence, receive oat of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fond annually one half of the premium paid by them or each less or larger'sum as the fund will allow, provided the sum so insured shall not exceed £1,000, and the Standing Co mmittee is authorized to make such further regulations, and to take such steps as ma? be necessary to raise and ad minister tbe fund. By that, no more promises than those which could be performed were made, and they could also assist in the liquidation of the premiums to a much greater extent than tt* Newfoundland Bcheme. He also pointed ont that that the lives of aged and diseased ministers were omitted in tbe scheme proposed by the Committee. The Bey. Canon Mabbyat seconded tbe amendment, because no reasons had been given for the doing away with tbe scheme proposed last year, which was adopted after mature deliberation. The whole pith of insurance was secu rity, and this the Newfoundland scheme did not give. He objected to the new scheme because it treated all ages alike, which was fatal to any system of insurance. If the whole colony could not provide a life insurance society, he ques tioned whether 33 clergymen could found such an institution that any dependence could be placed npon. Then again, the fund should not be touched until £1,000 or £2,000 were col lected. He questioned Igreatly whether the advantages of tbe new scheme would be availed of by the general clergy. I Mr. N. BtTTn rose to support the original motion, and •aid the question should not be looked upon as a mere matter of business and insurance. He looked npon it that the Committee in their proposal wished to nave It based upon Christian principles. There might have been a little irregularity in the proceedings of the Committee ; bat if the scheme they bad proposed were not adopted no great harm would be done, although the matter had been very seriously considered by them. The proposal included the collection ot once a year in every church, and that disproved the idea that there would be no funds. Bee pectin? the provision that the Synod should guarantee the payment of the pension, that meant a moral guarantee, and not a legal guarantee, which he knew that the Synod could not give. He did not see the appropriateness of dragging in the whole question of the Government Superannuation Fund, because it bad nothing to do with tbe question. He looked npon it that each a fond as the one toe Committee proposed would grow in strength every year, and would be amply sufficient for all claims made upon it. Ue thought it was the duty of the general body of the Church to assist in the matter, and it was with this view that the Committee proposed their scheme. Tbe Very Rev. Dean Fahbell rose in a degree to oppose both motion and amendment Be would move the postponement of the questions till Wednesday next. It was an important matter, and he Bbould like to consider it before pronouncing an opinion. He thought the Committee were entitled to tbe thanks of tbe Synod, for the work moat nave been one of love to them, and It would be unfair to tbetn to reject tbeir proposal without giving it due consideration. Sir. B. H. B&bbjige; supported the proposition of the Dean for adjourning tbe question; bnt thought lie should be Inclined to adopt a schema framed from the two plans. He mentioned as (acts that the mortality of the population of the colony above five years of age was considerably less than that in England, and said tbe knowledge of such, a truth aB that might suggest the desirability of forming a Life Insurance Society in tbe province, when they thought of the heavy premiums tbe English companies charged. The Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson should like to express his opinion on the matter, as it was not likely be should be able to attend at the adjourned debate. lie explained his ob jections to tbe scheme proposed by tbe Committee; and made several suggestions, which he considered it would be advisable to introduce into the proposed scheme, if it were to be tbe principle upon which action would be taken. He must, however, confess that he was more favourable to Mr. Thrupp's amendment. The Rev. J- S- Jackson supported the proposed scheme, and said upon the principles on which it was based no large claims would be made upon it before a fund was accumu lated. They had not tbe funds to commence with that the Society in Newfoundland had, but to make up for that they compelled double payments. This, to his unbusinesslike mind seemed perfectly safe. He did not look upon the euarantee of the Synod as worthless—(hear, hear)— and he thought in any difficulty the Synod would be glad to lend their aid. The Bev. W. B. Andrews thought the schemes proposed deserved profound consideration, and he would support their adjournment. Tbe Rev Caoon Fahh did not think the schemes would be considered much if they were postponed, and so he would offer a few words upon them. He made some remarks in favor of the Committee's scheme, and said by it the sym pathies of tbe Church would be more enlisted in the matter than by tbe other scheme. The Lord Bishop hoped the consideration of tbe two schemes would be postponed, as so much had been said both on tbe benevolent and business views of tie matter. The ! great point was that of a guarantee, and he did not see why tbe moral guarantee of the Synod should not be converted into a material guarantee, lie thought the two elements were compatible, and there were a great number of points he should like to consider between this and Wednesday next Sir. A. Bt¥TO moved, and Mr. W. J. FOu-hbtoh , seconded—"Tbat the debate be adjourned to Wednesday next, and that it be the first order of the day." Carried. FHTSTHiO DOCUMENTS. Ox. Thbdpp moved—"That the tlirec first doenments laid on the table by tbe Bishop be printed for the use of the , Synod." Mr. u J. Pelham seconded tbe motion, which was oarried. _..*_*_ SOCIETY TOR PROPAGATION OF THE GOSPEL. Mr. Theopp moved—"That the Standing Committee bs instructed to continue to communicate with the Attorneys or Hie S. P. G., and endeavor to carry out the resolution or the Synod, with respect to form ol deeds to eecore endow ment, as passed on 12th Slay, 1863." Tbe motion was seconded by Mr. Pelham, and carried. An adjonrned meeting of tbe Synod was held at the Chorcb Office on Tuesday afternoon at 3 o'clock. After prayer the minutes of the last day's meeting were read and confirmed. Mr. Wicksteed cave notioe of motion ??— "That the Standing Committee, in supplementing the stipends of ckrgy acoording to the scale adopted by tbe Synod of 1862, be authorised to pay the larger sum where the increased number of sittings let diminishes the amount he becomes entitled to. as is the case in certain instances." Mr. Abthdb Bltth supported with much eloquence his motion that it be an instruction to the Standing Committee of Synod to grant no money to any congregation asking, and that has not adopted the system of weetly offertory, or an offertory at every service. An animated discussion took place on this question, in which many members of the Synod, both clerical and lay, took part. Hr. Blttq stated that bis main object was to get the matter ventilated and obtained leave to substitute the fol lowing motion, which was unanimously adopted, viz. :— ••That the Lord Bishop be requested by Synod to address a pastoral letter to the minister and churchwardens of every parish, requesting them to call a meeting of vestry to con sider tbe propriety of adopting a weekly offertory (if such parish has not already done so), it being the opinion of Synod that each method of collecting tbe offerings of the people is desirable." Mr. Neville Bkvtb advocated the appointment of a second missionary clergyman, and obtained an unanimous vote in support of bis motion. Tbe Bey. Canon Fabb strongly urged upon the Synod the support of Bishop Patteson's Melanesian Mission, and was warmly supported, also oDtaining a unanimous vote. Mr. C. B. Yoitng obtained the appointment of a Com mittee to report again upon the practicability of establish ing a mission to tbe heathen aborigines, consisting of the Lord Bishop, Revs. Jackson, Dove, and Andrews, and Messrs. Young, Fnllarton, and John Williams. Tbe Synod then adjourned to Wednesday, at 3 o'clock In the afternoon, when the Order of tbe Day, as will be seen in our advertising columns, is the discussion of the report ot the Widows and Orphans of Clergy Fond Committee. An adjonrned meeting of the Synod was held at tbe Church Offices on Wednesday afternoon, at 3 o'clock. After prayer, tbe minutes of last day's meeting were read and confirmed: The debate on the report of the Widows and Orphans of Clergy Committee was resumed. Mr. Thrupp'e amendment, proposing a life assurance, the payment of premiums to be aided by subscriptions, as detailed in tbe report of the proceedings of Monday last, having been negatived, the Synod resolved itself into a Committee of the whole house for the purpose of consider ing the Committee's report. They resumed at half-past 9 o'clock, when tbe Chairman reported progeess, and obtained leave to sit again. The Synod met on Friday afternoon, and in Committee o the whele bouse agreed to a report, the adoption of which was postponed until tbe opinion of an actuary could be obtained. Mr. Joan Brown was then unanimously elected. The Synod then adjourned to Tuesday. 17th Instant, at half-past 3 pa, or such other day as the Lord Bishop should appoint. On Wednesday the appointment of Messrs. G. E. DeMole and H. D. Crnttenden as Synodsmen for St Margaret's, Woodville, was announced. At an adjourned meeting of Synold, held at the Church Office, on Tuesday afternoon, Tbe report of the Actuary on the scheme of the Widows and Orphans Fnnd was read. Being:, so far as the existing body of clergy is concerned, favorable, the report was adopted, and, with Mr. Blyth's proposed plan of a Guaran tee Fnnd, referred to tbe Standing Committee for action. The Lord Bishop proposed JE2S as his subscription to tbe Guarantee Fond. Mr. Wicksteed's scale of grant in aid was referrred to a Committee, consisting of Mr. Arthur Blytb, M.P., Mr. Neville Blytb, M.P., Hr. Tnrupp, Mr. Oldham, and Mr. Wicksteed. to report to Standing Committee, who were authorized to adopt it. The report was favorable. The Treasurer reported tbe receipt of a donation of £10 from Mr. John Chambers, in add of the General Church Fnnd and Home Mission. The Synod then adjonrned until summoned by the Lord Bishop. ST. LUKE'S LECTURE AND SUNDAY SCHOOL BOOM. Tbe ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of St Luke's new Lecture and School Boom, took place on Tuesday, May 24. The foundations for the new building are laid immediately in tberear or St, Luke's Church, and the room is intended to front upon Start-street It will be 60 feet long by 30 feet wide, and the style of architecture Gothic, so as to harmo nise with the architecture of tbe Church. Notwithstanding tbe attractions of the Beview and country picnics, and other gatherings out of town, there was a numerous attendance of ladies and gentlemen as sembled round the Church at the hour appointed for the ceremony, and a very large attendance of the girls and boys connected with the school and their companions. Besides His Lordship the Bishop, who arrived punctually, accompanied by Lady Daly, Miss Daly, Miss Short, and Mrs, Parrell, there were few ministers present as was expected, the Bey. C. Marryat, ofthe Port and the Bey. 0. M Pollitt being tbe only ministers in attendance, besides the Bey. J. Pollitt, tbe minister of St. Luke's. After the assemblage had ranged round the foundation stone, the proceedings commenced by Mr. Pollitt giving out the li;th Psalm, "Fromall that dwell," which the people joined in singing with heartiness. The Bey. Mr. Marryat then read the 34th Psalm, which was followed by another psalm, and the lesson appropriate to the occasioD. Tbe foundation-stone was then embedded in its proper place, and the laying was completed by His Lordship tapping it with the hammer, naming it the foundation-stone of St Luke's School-room, and with a short appeal to the Almighty that it would prosper. His Lordship then addressed the people assembled, saying that he could not part from them without saying a few words on the happy circumstance which bad brought them together that day ; because he thought there was not a parent in any walk of life in the parish, who should not bail the erection of a Sunday-school with gratitude and delight; and bethought there were none who took an interest in education, and had faith in tbe truth of tbe Gospel, even if they bad no offspring themselves, who would not feel grateful and pleased that there was a eohool about to be erected in which the children of the neighbourhood would be taught the truth of the Gospel in its purity, so that when they grew np they might remember with gratitude to God the lessons taught them in the days of their youth, and by their faith in tbe deatli of oar Saviour, and tbe lessons he taught them, that they wonld live a life of holiness and goodness, so as to inherit the life hereafter. He thought it was a subject of great congratulation that at length they had succeeded in getting a place where. Sabbath alter Sabbath, the true Word of God wonld be taught to the youth of the neighborhood, and he thought it was a subject of devont congratulation that Almighty God had so far crowned their efforts with such success. He knew from his own experience, and he knew that the experience of all engaged in pastoral teaching wonld say so too, that without Sunday-schools such teaching could not be com pletely carried out. and the only drawback they bad hitherto experienced in getting a sufficient number, erected was a want of funds; bnt he knew that those who bad assisted towards that structure, after they found the advan tages of a proper place for educating the young, and after they bad heard a few lectures delivered in it, they would then wonder, and perhaps regret, that they had been so long in setting about the work. Then be would gay a few words to the Sunday-school teachers. He knew it was only their deep desire to do good, and their deep feeling of Christian sympathy for tbe young, that induced them to devote them selves as they did, but be would urge them to continue in the same spirit, and whenever they met with lads, as they naturally would, who, in the boyish Bow of their spirits, demeaned themselves in a manner to call for rebuke, that they wocld make all allowances, and bear patiently with them till their lessons were thoroughly instilled into their young minds. He hoped they would enter upon the work with the knowledge that, notwithstanding the difficulties, they were engaging in a work to prepare the soul for Christ, for God, ana for Eternity. They should remember what oar Saviour had to bear, and they should follow his ex ample, ''and let all their doings be guided by the spirit of Christian love- If they did that he knew it would bring tbem the highest pleasure, and they would feel themselves surrounded by an atmosphere of living life. His Lordship then addressed himself to the children present, telling them bow deep their gratitude should be that they were born of Christian parents, and that they bad been born in a Chris tian land. They were to remember those blessings were a great privilege, and that as persons of every age had tbeir responsibilities, so had they the responsibility ot learning and obeying tbe good lessons that were taught them. His Lordship concluded an address, which was delivered with much emotion, by asking the blessing of the Almighty upon the work they had done that day. Tbe Rev. Mr. Pomrr, after what bad fallen from His Lordship, said there was not much for him to remark anon; bat he would say that he considered every inhabitant of the parish was under deep obligations for tbe erection of tbe schoolroom. Although they bad considerable funds in band when they commenced tbe work, he believed they were aware that there was still a deficiency, which wonld have to be provided for, and it was tbe doty of the parents in the parish to take an interest in tbe school. He considered it should be a source of great congratulation that at last their buildings were complete by the erection of one for the instruction of tbe youns. and so far tbe buildings in tbe parish were com plete - and they would now have a place where tbe lecture? could be held and other business transacted, which would save them great expense. To give them an idea of what money they would be able to gave, he would inform them that they had paid £58 to White's Hooms within the last ts months, all of which might have been saved if tbey had had sucb a building as was about to be erected. It was a ereat responsibility, he knew, and it was creditable that they bad done so much as well as provide for tbeir minister; but the responsibility .rested with them, and it was their duty to act op to it. His Lordship, on behalf of those present, thanked Lady Daly for her presence on that occasion, and as tbe best means of giving utterance to it proposed a vote of thanks to His Excellency, which was given with three cheers, and tben three cbeers spontaneously followed for Her Ladyship. Mr. PoLtrrr then proposed •• The Queen" as it was her birthday, and in doing so remarked to the juvenile part of tbe assembly tbat he should like to hear their voices more vigorously exercised than had distinguished tbem when cheering His Excellency and lady, and wbicb no donbt re sulted from a little modesty on tbe part of the young people. They however took tbe hint ot Sir. Pollitt, and one sturdy Cat-cheeked youo" Anglo-Saxon advanced nearly up to tbe stone, and turning round with his face to tbe other lads and lasses, raised his cap and sung out as deliberately and boldly as it was ever done by any of larger growth. Hip! hip I hip! and a " hurrah " sprung forth from all the little throats with an instantaneous and Stunning shout that made the welkin ring again, and which tbey repeated tiiree times, completely drowning the sound of tbe more mature voices in doing honor to tbe Queen. Tbe National Antbem, sung by tbe whole company, con cluded the proceedings. A collection was made towards the balance due upon tbe building, which amounted to about £10. ...j The Pirie-street Wesleyan Chapel was lighted witb gas for the first time onSunday evening. It is at present fitted up temporarily, having pendants made of iron pipes ; proper fittings of a superior kind have been ordered from England, bnt they are not expected to arrive for some months. The chapel was exceedingly well illuminated, and contrasted favorably with the light previously supplied. Pursuant to announcement special services were held on Whit-Sunday at St. Paul's Church, when eermon? were preached and collections made on be half of the harmonium fund. Fall cathedral service was performed under the able direction of Mr. E. Cornish, organist, and this being the first time that this has been attempted at St. Paul's, we cannot but congratulate Mr. Cornish and the choir upon the effective manner in which tke chants end responses were rendered. The Venite and Psalms were sung to epofforths and Gregorian in G, and was followed by Jackson's services (Te Deum jubilate in F), the) anthem beiDg taken from that one well-known of Kent's, " Blessed be thou." Both services were well attended, although the weather in the evening was very threatening. At this service the anthem taken I from Isaiah, 62 chap., " Awake, awake," was effec [ tively sung. The Rev. Canon Russell officiated on I both occasions, and preached in the morning from I Corinthians 11., iii.,l7; and in the course of his discourse he alluded to the object of the day's service and the special reason for which they were that day met together, viz., that of celebrating the Feast of Pentecost, which was always held by the early church to be a fit occasion of making their free will offerings to God in remembrance of his goodness towards them. The sermon in the evening was selected from St. John riv., 16. The powerful influences/of the Holy Spirit on the mind and soul of man were most forcibly dwelt upon by the reverend preacher, aa well as the doctrinal evidence of his personality as set forth by the faith of the Apostle* and early Church, and concluded by earnestly appealing to bis hearers to lay to heart the great doctrines of tho Trinity. We understand the collections in aid of the Har monium fund amounted to £17 ss. 7d. On Sunday and Tuesday, May 15 and 17, anni versary services in connection with the Congrega tional Church, Port Adelaide, were held. On Sunday special services were held, and sermons preached, in the morning by the Bey. V. W. Cox, and is the evening by the Bey. C. W. Evan, to large audiences. In the afternoon the children from the various churches in the Port assembled, and were addressed by tho Rev. Mr. Cox and Mr. Taplin, Protector of the Aborigines. On Tuesday a tea meeeting wae held, and afterwards a public meeting, which was very largely attended, and presided over by Mr. Thomas Graves. The meeting was addressed by the Revs. Manthorpe, Smellie, Hodge, and Messrs. Gros?e, Matthew Goode, and other gentlemen. The pastor's report was read by the Bey. M. EL Hodge, and the financial report by Mr. James Grosse, both reports showing most favorable progress. Special votes of thanks were passed to the ladies of the con gregation, who, during the past twelve months, had formed a Committee amongst themselves, and had succeeded in raising nearly £200 to pay off a long outstanding debt connected with the chapel. Previous to this anniversary they were still £69 in debt, but it was announced during the meeting that the collections, subscriptions, and tea- meeting had wiped off the whole of this debt, leaving them £18 in hand to commence another year with. The choir during the evening sung several pieces of sacred music in an excellent manner. Votes of thanks to all those who had taken part in the proceedings were passed, and the meeting closed by singing the Halle lujah chorus. Some very interesting services have taken place at Brighton, in connection with the opening of the new and beautiful Wesleyan Chapel just completed in that township. We need not describe the building to any who have had oocasion to travel that way, as its really elegant appearance must have attracted all beholders. It is, indeed, an ornament to the neigh borhood, and a credit to the enterprising and success ful community to whom it belongs. The builders (Messrs. Highet & Turner), and the architects (Messrs- Abbott & Son), have produced a structure which does infinite honor to them aIL The cost of the building is £950, and of this amount £66 L has been already raised, so that the debt only amounts to £289, and will doubtless soon be paid off. The open ing earmons were preached by the Bey. 3. Cope, Mr. J. Icott, and the Bey. J. Watsford, on Sunday, May Ist; and on the next day a public tea meeting was held, a very large number of persons attending, and relays of tables being necessary. The public meeting following was presided over by Mr. G. P. Harris, and speeches were delivered by the Chairman, by the Beve. Messrs. Brown, and Watsford, and by Messrs. Cbinner, Colton, M.P., McCarthy, Coombs, Greer, Hill, Bone, and others. Friends from Adelaide were entertained by Mr. Alfred Baker, of Brighton, to supper, and thus these very interesting and memorable proceedings were brought to a close. A meeting was held on Thursday evening, April 28, in the Wesleyan Chapel, Norwood, for the pur pose of welcoming and recognising the Rev. Samuel Ironsides as the appointed minister to that church, and as the successor of the Eev. J. B. Waterhouse. There was not a large audience, owing probably to the threatening aspect of the weather. Mr. Thomas Padman presided, and, having introduced tbe nature of the proceedings in a very suitable speech, addresses were delivered by the Eev. J. Cope, Mr. Gross, and Mr. John Ballantyne, all of whom heartily welcomed Mr. Ironsides to the colony, and expressed their hope that the sphere of labor in which he was about to move would soon give abundant proof of his use fulness. Mr. Langeford, on behalf of the We?leyans of Norwood, heartily welcomed and received amongst them their new minister, who would, if he were one with them in the Church—one with them in the prayer and clas? meetings—one with them in health —one with them in sickness —one with them in pros perity—and one with them in adversity—if he were all this, then there was no fear but that his labors of lore would be abundantly blessed. The Rot. M. Wilson gave an address, pointing out the duties of Church members towards their minister in order to secure spiritual success. He dwelt particularly upon the power and the benefits of prayer, and gave illustrative instances of the outpouring of the spirit in an answer to earnest, to importunate j prayer. He exhorted them to co-operate with their minister in his " work of faith and labor of lore,", and to do so particulady by their prayers. The Bey., John Watsford next spoke, and rejoiced that he had had a hand iv bringing Mr. Ironsides to tbe colony,! and made come humorous remarks upon the tower of strength they received in the arrival of Mr. Iron sides —it had in fact been suggested to him that they had got one of Cromwell's band amongst them. (Laug)iter.) He had to say a few word? respecting Mr. Ironsides, and from the little phrenology he possessed he should cay his friend had the intellectual faculties pretty well developed; that he had what was termed the gift of the gab; that ho had tbe organ of amativeness rather freely developed, so that he would be friendly with every one and quarrel with no one; and that he had a pretty large bump indicative of combativeness, so that although he could be as meek as a lamb, yet he could battle for the truth with any one. (Cheers.) He said they should bear with the peculiarities of new comers, and remarked that the longer he remained in the colony the more he loved it, and he was now beginning to feel that there was no place in the world like South Australia. (Cheers.) He dwelt very earnestly upon the importance of prayer; he hoped that tbe means about to be taken would eventuate in greater spiritual progress among them, and he concluded by cordially wel coming Mr. Ironsides to the colony, and trusted that Wesleyanism would be greatly blessed through his instrumentality. The Eev. Samuel Ironsides then rose, and in thanking them for their kind welcome he said ho had not the iron heart of Mr. Wateford. He was rery soft, and the reception, therefore, pressed him down, so that he could not express himself as he wished. He did not, he said, expect to come to South Australia more than he expected to go to the moon. His wish was to labour amonget the New Zealandens. He knew nothing of Adelaide, aad Adelaide knew nothing of him, and they had to take him upon trust; but the cordial welcome they had given him had dissipated all the doubts he had in coming here, and it would stimulate him in the work which, was before him—to more fully lead him to consecrate his services to tho Lord. Ha should en dearour co to labour amongst them that they would be as sorry to part from him as they were now glad to receive htm. The older he grew the more he dis liked the system of itinerating that existed in the Wesleyan body; he should like to see it a little modified, not done away with altogether, but some modification should, he thought, be made, especially as regarded ministers who were up in years. When a man got comfortably situated —(a laugh)—it was oftentimes very inconvenient for him to be removed if the church he was with wished him to remain. He did not object to a minister being sent from Jericho to Jerusalem —or from Dan to Beersheeba, or from Kangaroo Island to the Gulf of Carpentaria—but he thought a Church's feelings should be consulted before the removal of its pastor was determined by the Conference. He had come amongst them, and his purpose would be to preach the truth as it was in Jesus. He should deal in plain things. He should say nothing that was personal, but ho should never shirk from doing his duty in pointing out their sins. He told the meeting that exposure to the cold winter nights of New Zealand had rendered him somewhat deaf; he said this in order that they might bear with his infirmity. He would be with his brethren in the Ministry 13 all their enterprises for tbe welfare of the great colony of South Australia. With regard to the ministers of other denominations he should always hold out the hand of friendship to them, and wish them from the bottom of his heart " God speed,' whether they did so to him or not. He closed his address by quoting a passage from one of St. Paul's Epistles, as to their duty, and he hoped it would be stamped in indelible letters upon their hearts. Mr. L. Roach, as senior circuit steward of South Adelaide, and Mr. T. Robin, for North Adelaide, also offered their con gratulatory welcomes to Mr. Ironsides. The choir performed in a very nice manner several pieces of music daring the evening, the proceedings connected with which were closed in the usual manner. The annual tea meeting in association with the j North Adelaide Sunday School Union was held at the Congregational Church, North Adelaide, on Wed nesday evening, May 11. There were about 60 per- ! eons present, including representatives from all the schools composing the Union, namely—the Congre gational School, Archer-street Wesleyan School, Lefevre-terrace Baptist School, Tynte-street Primitive i Methodist School, and Brougham-place Baptist SchooL After the social incal the Bey. G-. Stone house was voted to the chair, and the proceedings were opened by singing and prayer. The Chairman then made a few remarks, in the course of which he expressed the hope that the Union would give more signs of earnestness and vigor than it had been pre senting for some time past. The annual report was i then read by Mr, Stace, the Secretary, and showed hat very satisfactory progress had been made at each of the schools, the number of scholars attending having considerably increased, and the average attendance being very good. After a little discussion on the eystem of marking, which it was resolved to adhere to for the present, Mr. William Page read a very excellent paper upon the double question— " Why is it that Sabbath School teachers do co little towards the ends they have in view; and how is it possible to attain to a fuller realization of them V He gave some very satisfactory explanations in reply to the questions involved, and showed that by teachers evincing a greater spirit of prayer —by more earnest ness—by speaking to the heart and not to the intel lect—by the sympathy and aid of their pastors, and by the 00-operation of the parents of the children— they would, he said, with all this achieve a larger amount of spiritual success than they did at present. Upon the motion of Mr. C. Goode, seconded by Mr. IS. Chapman, the discussion upon the subject was ad journed to the next meeting, it being considered that the paper had opened up matter sufficient for consi derable thought, and that the evening had too far ad vanced to enable them to deal with it properly that night. The meeting then closed. 