ttaurtwick Races,- Autumn Meeting 18G4. {From the Herald.) Patron: His Excellency the Eight Hon. Sir John Young Bart., K,C.B.,;O.U,M:G, &c.; President: The Hon. E. Deas Thomson, O.B. &c.; Vice-President: Mr. Judge Cheeke. Steward : The Hon. E. Deas Thompson, C.B. ; George Rowley, Esq ; W. M Arnold, Esq., .M.I?.; Thomas Icely, ? Esq; and William M'Qnade, Esq. Judge: John Lackey.. Esq, M.P. Treasurer and Starter : Charles Martyn, Esq. Clerk of the course: W. G. Henfrey, Esq. Hon. Secretary : Buohan Thompson, Esq. FmsT Day. inn proceedings . ui uiu ziutuinu luueuGg com menced yesterday, on the Randwiok Conrse, under the most favorable auspices, The weather w.as delightful, and the course in excellent condi tion for the contests.-. The present meeting 1ms been looked forward to with a considerable degree of excitement, particularly amongst the ' turfites,' as new blood was put into competition witn the old victors : and, moreover, the 'Grand Handi cap' not only brought together some of the finest horses in the racing stud of Now South Wales, but also a young favorite from the Victorian side the ' Itoso of Denmark,' a very good looking chestnut filly, the property of Mr. Fisher. The ' road' and the ' downs' are very proliftesources of comment in the old couutry, but on this 6ide of the world, if yesterday was to be taken as a criterion, there is little to note- The principle mode of conveyance is, of course, by omnibus and cabs ; as far as private *' traps' are concerned there was but a poor show — a dogcart and buggy now and then varied the monotonous line of hired conveyances, and a crack turnout, with four tolerably' good horses, but a nervous whip, gave a momentary idea of Epson — but there was an utter absence of the most prominent ingredients that mako a ride to the great race3 in Eugland interesting. On the course it was also unusually dull, as there -vas only a moderate muster of people. The rings and knives flourished; and so did Aunt Sally, and a lot of other stupid games, the proprietors of which are people — at least so they say — who are merely out to enjoy them selves by giving money to all those who choose to take a throw or a pitch, but who nevertheless pick up the crumbs that fall from the pockets of the unv/ary. However, there was a deeper in terest in the racing than might have been antici pated, from outward appearances, In the ' weighing yard' the racers were closely observed and their merits canvassed with considerable in terest. One was too fat — another too poor — a third it was reported, had 'gone queer,' and u fourth wus shaky. Every horse, however, hud his friends, but little business was dene hy the ,'? book-makers,' though they must coiuu uff well on the ' Maidtiii Plate.' The principal event of tlie day was, of course, the ' Randwiok Handicap,' for which there wero eleven entrances, ton stall; ing, including among the mmiber the 'Ruse of Denmark.' For this race Tarragon had the ' orill.' in spite of his weight, though the ' Rose' was well up in the market. Kyoule, too, stood high, and found a good many backers; and as the result proved, the two New South Wales champions fought, hard for the first place — Tarragon winning only by a neck. rl he cheer ing at the clu-e of this nice was more spentme nus and general than any winner had been greeted with for some time past — with which it is not improbable the maintenance of the prestige of New Smith Wales on the Austrnlinn turf had something to do. The Rose of Denmark w.is not placid. The first race — the Maiden plate — was also well contested, and a line field came to the post ; Meteor and Fusileer standing well in the belting, but eventually neither gauing a pi ce, as the Dutchman (who stood a 6 to 1 against his winning) and Sir Patrick contested for a victory that resulted in a. half-neck win by the former. These two racus were not only the best of the day, but will not be surpassed for ' hammer and tongs1' work by any race during the meet. The Biennial for two-year-olds was taken by Mr. Lodcr's Taunvoith, a tine upstand ing coir, that we ventuic to think will frequently be heard of in the chronicles of the turf during the next few years. The Optional Selling Stakes, to the snvpriso of a good many, fell to the Jot of Mr De Mestre's Potentate, Wonder having started first favorite. Hnmurino was made fust favorite for the Biennial for three-year olds, and ho justi fied tho confidence of his backers by winning it, although rather closely pushed at the finish by Midnight. The refreshment portion of the Grnnd Stand was under the supervision of Mr. W. J. O'Brien, who supplied an excellent spread at a reasonable figure, and also the lunch for his Excellency and me stewards. At one o'clock, bis Excellency Sir John Young and suite arrived, and took their seats on that part of the stand reserved for the vice-regal pariy. With these preliminary remarks we pro oecd to give a mone detailed account of the races. Finsx Rack. — The Autumn Metropolitan Muiilau Plate of 150 sovereigns together with a sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns each ; for all maiden horses (including winners of two-yeir old stakes) at time of entrance ; 1 J mile ; no maiden allow ance : penalties for winning after entrance ; if once, 5lbs. ; twice or more, 71bs. ; not accuniuli livej second horse 30 sovereigns, third horse 15 sovereigns; entrance, 71 sovereigns. Mr. J. Ealea' jnn's b. h. Dutchman, 4j'rs. 8 st, 12 lbs., by Flying Pieman, out of Days of ? Oliipioqrc)....: ? I Judge -Ohe'uk'a 1). e. Sir Patrick, 3 yra., 7-st. 11 lbs., by Whalebone out of Industry (Drisscoll) -.-.;? ? : ? 2 Mr. E. Leu's- clu, f. Maid of the Oaks. 8yrs.; 7st,, 9 lbs.. Little John out of Vnnity, (Cnnuj 3 Miss Dickaon'8'cH.%i Stafford (latdBockinglmni) 4 yr3..'8 st.''9 lbs., by'Pitsfoi-d'out of Silviie ? ..;?;.. ? Mr. De Mestre's ch -in. Haidee, 4. yis.; 8'*t. 10. lbs, by Cbovnliii' out of Uefnrm-'d ? Doyle's ch. g. Moteor. 3 yi-« ,8st. 12 lbs., by Cossnck out ot'Jewuss ? Omirt's b. h. Fiisileer, 4 yrs.. 8 St. 12 lbs., by \- Few Wnirior out of Cainileno ? .*. W. Hall's b. li. Master Mnpns, 4 yrs,. 8 st. ?12 lbs , by Mugus out of Guorgiamm ? Betting— 5 to 2 against Meteor-and Fusileer, 3 to.l against Sir Patrick, 4 to 1 against Haidee, 6 to 1 against the Dutchman. Tho lot got awuyiwell together at the fall of the flag, Haidee and Sir Patrick having a sliglit advantage. The latter fell back into the ruck immediately afterwards, Haidee' maintaining a good lead until the lot entered the rails, when the mare was joined by Fusileer and Meteor. These three passed the stand neck and neck with each other, Sir Patrick, the Dutchman, and Maid of the Oaks lying close up. Stratford and Master Magus found the pace too fast for them, and at the rocks turn they were hopelessly out of the race. At the back of the course Haidee again got her head in advance, and there appeared every probability of their keeping the premier position to the finish, but shortly before entering the rails she was passed successively by the Dutchman, Sir Patrick, and Maul of the Oaks. These tiiree came in at a rattling pace, the Dutchranu having the advantage, wliich ho car ried to the post, beating Sir Patrick by a head, Maid of the Oaks a good third. Second Race. — The First Year of the Fourth N. S. W. Biennial, for two-year-olds ; three quarters of a mile. Colts, 8st. 7 lbs.; fillies and geldings, 8st. 4 lbs. Mr. Lodcr's br c Tnin worth, by Fitsfard, out of Old Tnmworlb's dani ? (iiamsay) 1 R. Hassell's b f Ruby, by New Warrior, .out of Mnid of the Forest ? ' (Ruby) 2 Leo's bf Lady Audlej, by Little John, out of Bossy liedlam ? ; ? ..(Caho) 3 Cheeke's ch u Dundee, by Whalebone, out of Zingara Tait's br f Drawn Duchess, by Whalebone, out of Clove E Coberoft's ri- o Voltigeur. by Coasnok, out of Lady Bird Town's b f Juanitn, by Protector, out of Our Kate Milne's b f Collon Bawn, by Sir Hercules, out of Lady Mary. Betting : 3 to 1 on the field. This was the fiist essry of these youngsters on the turf, and therefore Dim ntue was Known or their qualities. There was but little betting on the event, no one caring to invest upon an un known colt or filly. Tamorth was the most fancied of the lot. At the start, Brown Duchess wsnt away with the lead ; Tamworth, however, soon put on steam, and passed the filly, winning without much dificuliy, Ruby being a-very good second, and Lady Audley third. Third Race. — The Optional Selling Stakes of 3 sovereigns each, with 50 sovsreigns added, for all horses ; lj mile ; the winner to be S'ld by auction immediately alter the race for £75; any sum realised in excess of that amount to j;o to the race fund ; if entered not to be sold to carry 121b. extra ; entrance, £2 10. Mr. Dj Mestio'a ch g Potentato, 5 yrs. 8st 131bs ? ? ? (L:\mnnd) I C. Beul's 10 h Wonder 5 yrs 9st 12li- ? (Diiseoll) 2 White1'* bv f Brunette (lutu Palm; 3 yi-*7 111b Miaa DieUsou's b |? Sarsfiold, 3 yas 4st 61b. Mi- OMJi-ien's 11s. Surveyor, 3 yrs (not to ho sold) 8st, illb. Wonder and Potentate were the favourites for this race, the former having the call. The lot with the exception of Bruuette, who had not the the ghost of a chance, kept well together for a considerable distance, Wonder leading. At the back of the course, Potentate went up, passed ?Wonder, and was never afterwards caught, but passed the post hard held ; Sarsiield being third Fouutii Hack — Tho Randwiek Grand Handicap Sweepstakes of 25 sovereigns each, 10 forfeit or 5 only if declared to the honorary secretary on or before the 22nd February ; 300 sovereigns added ; for all horses ; 'i miles. Mr Town's b h Turrngon. S yrs KM (Hjjrgei son) 1 Dine's br h Kyoglo. B yrs 8st 31b (\o''!n»''»{ - Richard's b h Uiotw. -1 yrs Sr.t,.. ... (Uiahop) 3 Mibs Diolssmrs 1.1k l- Ktlilaro. 0 yrs 8*t 71b Mr Ivory1* br K Goori?o the Firnt, aged, 8»t 31b. Mis Dickon1* ch ... Zenobia.l yrssst. Mr Oliocke's br m Lady Jnno, 6 y«. /«! 01b. Lmler's b in Saucebox, 4 yrs, /st 'Jib. Schoiield'a ch p Old Junk (late Ranting Joe) FUhef's clffVoso of Denmark. 3 yrs.Ost 71b. TJ.i Mestvo'u oh m Hnidee. i vis. ut 101b. Betting— 2 to 1 against Tarragon, 3 to 1 against Hose of Dohmuik, 5 to 1 against. George the First, (j to I against Zjiiobia U'n.ter. 'mid Kyoglo, 10 to 1 against Lady Jane, llaiilee was drawn. When the start touk place the weather was rather dull, and as the horses were at the buck of the course it. wns difficult, to dis tinguish this coIom of the riders, several of them being similar. The start apj:-;ared to he exceed ingly good lliuier was tlie first to emerge from the ruck and show prominently in advance. Zeiio bia being next, and Kyoglc third. No alteration I took place in tho positions of the leading horses until after passing the stand, Tarragon making a waiting race of it. The pace began to tell upon the outsiders, and when they reached tho rocks turn there was a considerable falling off. At the back of the course thelWc made play, and amid thi; most intense excitement ran through her horses as though they had Le.cn brought to a stand-still. She failed, however, to get hcymid Midler's girths, and then speedily tell hack biMtwi. As they approached tlie entrance, to the straight running Rioter imind the pace too fust, and re signed his pride of place to Kyogle, who appeared to have any amount of running left in him. Sud denly, however, just beyond the distance post, Tarragon came out of tile ruck, passed Rioter, and in a few strides was alongside of Kyuirle. The finish between these two horses was one of the best ever witnessed nt Randwiek, Hipgerson, with a splendid piece of jockeyslnp, lifting his horse in itt the post, and beating his antagonist by a head; Rioter a good third. The tcmuh-der run iu in Indian file, two or three lengths se parating them. Time— 3 minute* 43 seconds. Fifth Race.— The Second Yeni of the Third N. S. W. Biennial, for three year olds ; 1,\ mile. Colts, 8st 101b ; fillies and geldinga, 8st 71b, Mr. Chuukc's br c K.imornic, by 1'itsford, out of Uiissnndru ? (Diiseoll) 1 L. Bowman's b f Midnight, by Consiiek, out of Wild Pigeon ? (Bishop) 2 Town's br c Loiturcr, by Wlmlcbonu, out of Murion ? (Thompson) 3 Betting — G to 4 on Kamornie This w;is regarded as a certainty for Ramornie, while Midnight was thought to be little better than a 'dead' one. At the finish, however, Midnight ran up and made a very close finish of it, Diis eoll having to use tho whip freely to get his horse to the post first. After the close of this race, the concourse of people lelt the course and wended their way homewards, TattersaIjl's. — A numerously attended meet ing was held at tho rooms last night, when the events on the card for to-day were discussed. There was not much betting, however, ti.e prin cipal business done being iu sweepstakes on tiie City Plate. Volunteer, Pacha, and Kyogle fetched the highest prices for tl;U race. Not Exactly a Puot,igr,u-ii. — Some years ago, in those fertile discussions upon the case uf the Lancashire operative, it was often observed that he was a hot-house plant. As there are children of the sun, he was a child of the furnace. He spent most of the day in more than su i.nier heat all the }'ear round He must be warmed up to the machinery, which, together with the soft staple of his manufacture, could only work well in the atmosphere of a forcing house. The children grew up, and tlie men become old, in an air which w.uihl almost stifle a field laborer. If a ploughman will just step into the drying room of a gentleman's laundry while the bloo'ning damsels within are doing some of the finest iron ing, he will have a taste of the air generally breathed hy 11 cotton spinner ten hours a day. It is not so bad, indeed, as the heat of th'i stoke hole in one cf her Majesty's ships, for it is only tropical, whereas that is infernal. But it is a temperature winch man was never meant for ; it is temperature in which he must inevitably become weak, puny, crippled, h\ible to new disorders, and, what is worse than all, the victim of a. morbid thirst and prone to mental excite ment. The prospect of a whole nation on the point of being absorbed in this unwholesome industry suggested serious misgivings. Would these men ever fight for their cov.ntry ? Would they be able to till the land, or take to any other out-door employment, should the mill over come to a stand? How Would it be with .their chil dren and their children's children ? Ous thing, however, was certain — tho people themselves liked it ; their chief notion of happiness was to jump out of the frying-pan into t'le fire, for the great luxury of that reg:ou is a blazing fire. They have fires at wliich the good Southern housekeepers would stand aghast. In good houses the kitchen fire, like the vestal flare, nevei goes out. When the servants go to bed they set up a huge coal, a jard long, in the capacious grate, and when they come down one blow of the poker shivers the ignited mas's into pieces, wh'ch form at once a blazing fire. This is the Northern idea ol hopitulity, and it is carried out by all classes. In the cotton district they live upon bods of coal, they walk under a. continual canopy of smoke, they bieathe sulphur, the ports of their skin are choked with soot, acid fumes in fest tho nose, and the eye is weaiied with cotint less chimney-stalks vomiting the thickest smoke, or some more suspicious product. The consola tion for all this is warmth. But in that ivirinth are centred all the ideas of busy work, pleasant company, and good cheer that make the life of the working num. They only who know tho North can understand the misery of a cold hearth there, hitherto tlie seasons have bee-i kind to the poor operative. But he is threatened with the last and worst ingredient iu his cup of sorrow. Living on low wages, or on parish al lowance, or on relief pay, with much less animal food or ether comfort!) to keep his blood flowing, he has now several days suffered a temperature many degrees below freezing point, which wea ther-wise people tell us we may expect to laBt some time. The operative therefore, now sees the e'emeuts of comfort all round him without being able to reach them. There are vast accu mulations of cotto'i. which will mt or burn before they cuine near Mm. There are abundant har vests for others, not fur him. There are popu lations that v ant his fabrics, but camot pay a famine price There is money which seeks in vestment anywhere but in the cotton plantation, There is now coal belc.w, above, and on all sides, but which to many thousands is all hut inaccessible. Such is the answer of events to the men who, twenty years aizo, were tolling the operative that nothing stood between him and boundless pros perity except a selfish class and bad laws. — Times, Ofper of a Wife. — The Wakunga then changed the subject by asking, if I married a black1 woman would there be any offspring, and what would be their color? The company now became jovial, when the queen improved it by making a significant gesture, and v.ith roars of laughter, asking me if 1 would like to be her son in-law, for she hail some beiiutiul darghters, either of the Wuhniuu or Waganda breed. Rather staggered at first by this awful proposal, I consulted [Bombay what I should do with one if I got her. He, looking more to number one than my convenience, said, ?' By all means accept the offer, lor if you don't like her wo should, and it would be a good means of getting her out of this land of death, for all black people love Zunibar.' Tho rest need not he told; as a matter of course I had to appear very much grati fied, and as the bowl went round, all became uproarious, I must wait a day or two, however, that a proper selection might bo made j and when. tho marrmtre came; off, I was to claim «10 fi'' one two or three duya, until she became Uc6c7; me, else nvm mere flight she might run awuv ' I Ciplavi Spc/cc in Africa. S 1 AN UNEXl.ECTE»riMSH.-SpcaklnRof,li-l tendency of the teinperanco orators to set t|lt.n? i - selves forward as previousesamplesof lliebliELiiri I oil. els of drink, a correspondent of tho Inw-rnel ;1 Advertiser ^ r..ys:— This predeliction was smanfcl salm,ed tuo other evening at a tempers Jl ! meeting. A person iu tho hall got np ar] ? 1 T1, :~~?^ friemls-Uiroe niontha ago, I signed t II 5 pledge. (Clapping of hands and approving cheers 1 ' In a month afterwards, my friends, I had 'i i sovereign in iuy pocket, a thing I never had! before (Clapping and loud cheers ) In another! month, my friends I had a good coat on my back' '& a thn.R I never had before. rUieers and claftWl $ much louder ) A fortnight after that my fri^i t I bought a coflin. The audience was goine to' 1 '''' cheer here, but stopped and looked serious Ycu'l wond, r, continued the lecturer, why I bought a : '^ III' crffln— well, my friends, I bought the CoflQ: 1 ix-caiiae I felt pretty certain that if I kept tlia; pledge another fortnight I should want one.' \ S'JL' Depth, of Ploughing.— A writer in t|10i '' Aqnculiural liivieu says:— 'Deep cultivation' is inapplicable in the case of sandy soils except' when they rest upon a stiff subsoil, which, how: 1 ever, is rarely the case. If thero be simply a' I Th thin stratum of stiff clay beneath the sandy soil ; j s it should not always be broken through, as it may! 1 r-iri prevent the moisture passing away too rapidly as - * !:tl8 drainage. When friable soils rests on chalk : I i:15' snivel, or sand, deep ploughing should not ba::S *J, pei formed. We have often known manure to bu ; 'J n 1 ploughed in so deeply that its decomposition took: ? liov place only after tho lapse of several years, ''? \ Manure, to be efficient, must be ns close to tlie ; surface as poMilj,*^8 v''-dcr that the nourishment i afforded by it ift.ved the ithin easy access of tho : rootlets of the iosml— as . : T A MoDEiiS;t™^'V's'-HewaBa radical nli| «« heart if ever._,.Tllal(li3a radical. But in \ f t£ saying this, I iv,Uue 01 they reader to understand ' J w that a radical ilie certified sari|y a revolutionist or ' S '^ oven a republicaPd.',[!'rtl.';ioes not, by reason of '1 his social or polil lnay t!liualisiu, de.ire the ruin jf 1 if thrones, the ic.-nipnnym of nobles, tlie spoil, i tition of the ric;£l i'f.-«liven tho downfall of the i bench of bishop 'l.'fany a young man u | frightened away 1. . the just conclu -ion of his 1 , mmd and the strong convictions of his heart by 'M r,, dread of being classed with those who are jealous 1 a« of the favoured ones cf fortune A radical may i M be as ready as any aristocrat to support tho 1 , Ciwn with his blood, and the Church with his |'|,,i faith. It is in this that he is a radical, that ho ill In'l desires, expects, works for, and believes in tho:|tef( gradual progress of the peorle. No doctrine of i equality is his Liberty he must have ; nnd fa 8, such position, l,iH|, or Ion, for himself and jf^ others, as each man's individual merits will |f 1 achieve for him. The doctrine of outward :| D»i equality he eschews as a barrier to all ambition;!'11 and to all improvement. The idea is as mean as -| JJ'J the thing is impracticablci But within — is it in i| Ki'i his soul or in heart ? — within his henst thcreis | a manhood that will own no inferiority of ;| ?'' another. He retires to a corner that an earl | y' with his suiie may pass proudly through tlie I ;sin doorway, and he grudges the earl nothing of : | '011 his pride. It is tlfe eail'j right. But ho also | J'° has his right, and neit'ier queen, r.or eail, tor | j^ people shall inva .0 it. That is tho creed of a | &' radical. — Trollope. 3 ' The Chinese Stage. — The theatrical amuse- 1 Ej ments of the Chinese are amusingly sketched ia M 'i\ the following paragraph from tlia ' Ararat ia _ Advertiser : — ' The Chinese theatre continues m to sound its gongs and its hautboys to the not i| very delighted ears of the Europeans located in 1 Ararat. Indeed, more monotonous sounds uould |j not be imagined than those which issue asac- fa conipuniments to the Asiatio drnma. Tho :| n Chinese diggers, however, think differently of --;\ 1 these sounds, and undoubtedly find more interest 'A 1 in the entertainments thin the Europeans do, J . for the place is crowded every night from, half i| past seven o'clock till one in the morning, the ij acting continuing without intermission the whole I ( time. The dresses are certainly very valuable | and gorgeous, and the tragedies nightly per- | fonfied seem powerful to influence the audience, 'I j The cutting of some caitiff's head (represented I by the potent aid of a milliner's block) and tha .1 0 suicide by hanging of a desparing princess | on a butcher's ment hook, form the : S ?* principal sensational scenes. These scenes g p| are responded to with the most encouraging i _ demonstrations on tfco part of 'the audience. The i. hanging part of the business is performed in this way. When tho cliuiax of despair arrives, tho stage servants bring forth a chair and pole ;s# j j the top of the pole is attached the meat hook . aforementioned. On this the wild almond eye3 ] of blighted hopes become rtvetsd, and forthwith the fair one comes to the conclusion of quitting tho flnvery laud. Accordingly she takes off a scarf, and nttemps the ascent of the chair two | t1 or three times, but the poignance of her grief i t' assumes straightway a gymnastio phase, and i flings the unhappy one a distance of some five or | six feet from the jribbet. Here the motion be- i coires musical, und she kicks and pats the stage 1 in time keeping despair, every uotion being re- Eg gulated by the orchestra. At length she moves B to the chair, and adjusts the scarf on tho hook, ? the ends she parses round her throat, and she |j j| commences to 'glug and swell' hysterically. No 9 notice being taken of the first demonstrations, 9 . she ' glugs ami swells' yet again, until the lair g - face becomes of a deeper huo and the gentle al- 9 mond eyes are lost to public gaze. From this B state — standing on tho chair and holding the tm' /. scarf— she is released by the returning and horror* || ( stricken lover.' „ .Hi'0 A New Spider. — Rattier a singular specie! || lo of spider which was uuemthed when digging in M . some ground adjoining this township was shown g II us last week. We know of no named species »f | the Arranea to which it may be mentioned u h belonging ; the geaus saccata epprojohes in^ a' || essentials to it more clearly than any other. The (i , insect lo which we allude is about half the size of j| }j a common tarantula, and is buule.l longitudinally | y with alternate strides of very dark green and fjrey L 1 The hack is furnished with a kind of shell, to | which there are fifty entraacs, and from theso | .tj the young insects might be seen leaving the nia- J ^ ternal home in great numbers, and again return- J ing after a short stay outside. Tho insects seemed | to'pnssess all the ferocity and courage of its racfi -| It certainly presented, at the time it was shown ^ to us , one of the most curious specimens in ento- | mology we remember to have seen. Perhaps tP3 g, savans ..f Melbourne would fix the genus, wo con- 3| fess our previous ignorance as to the existenco ot « 4 such a wonder amongst the inaeot tr'bo. — Ararat « Advertiser. . M Love.— A matter- of-fact philosopher asserts that ' Love is to domestic life what butter is to hread— it possesses littlo rourishment in itself, J jut gives snbstantials u grkud relish^ without which they wmild bo hard to swallow. ^ s0' where we find this brief se.itenco, ' Love has many languages, and the tendereat and most j oloquent of them is silence.' -.i,, ??Do you go to school?' inquired a pnsser- by of a little hoy in St. Giles's. ?' No Can you | read?' 'No' ' What can you do, then f | ' Vy, drink a quartern 0' gin standing on u-J j| Printed an,. Published by Joiih Con* at 'J** 1 IU.AWAUP.A Mkbooby' Goiwral Lottd ? PrtM | Printing Office. corBer of the M'*^'^ I WoUoiiKinff, Illawarr*, d-Tuoiaar, M»T »-«? | ISM. - 1 