I:iA.-1 PIIOGCIItVSS OF TIIE CIVIL • . WAR. on0 indobted to Cptnin Jowel, of tho t Amateur, for San F1rancisco papers . 25th of April. i tolegraphic news folnom Wasnihi gton Slobw York, via CCaliforina, comes down n.23rd, beiing nino days' later than our SIdvices by the English mail. veiting to the aspect of affairs, in rela o the ippiroaching.strugglo in Virginia Slwhlich the contending parties woro 'ering their forces-tho Evouing l]ulletin . 23rd remarks: s ry naturally the loyal pcoplo of the Sgrow norvous as the crisis approaches. o expect to hoar soon the crapsh of con ig armies. More than over beforeo, since i tar began, the fito of the Confederacy tIhe prospects of peace seem to hang on issue of tihe next great battle. It is ng the possibilities that the collision nmay e and pass, and neither party be ftially ';.ted by it. Should the armies of Grant Loo, Thomas and Johnston meeoot and \- result be no victory for the Union, while ould. produce groat political commotion perhaps, pitch overboard somo otlicors 4csooem to stand firmly on their foot now, :no one dreauns that in the worst inuagi Jlo event the govermnment would retreat ?c its determination to fight tihe thing 1ughI to final success, o, that if the go muiont flteorod, the people would not givvo administration its walking plapers, and ilaco it with a firmer ancd still more war , Olle. ocssibly we have not allowed onough for pluck and Ondurance of the robols-pos ily the loss of Ricihmond and of the interior C'oorgia would not causee tho Confodoricy toll its belly up towards thoe sn and give Stho ghost. 'The Confdoracy is a monster Ilong governments, and it is exceedingly .icult when you catch it fish, the likeoof cich never beooro swaam, to toll whore its tiit of life is. lTnis anomalous concern which, starling and never forsaking its faith in slavery as Idivino institution, yet with slavery it putri g corpso at its foot, fights now for tho arsonal liberty of its loaders, has certainly 1striitgo tonacity of lifo. A higlly organ iod animal gonornlly (lies whon its heart is eiorcod-this concern moro resembles tlat |aosios of tortoise whose jaws srnp maliciously vion after its heart is chopped lino and is jino with its tendorer parts to swell the impleo proportion of some fat alderman. ltt ovon the snapping-turtlo abates Ihis igour and gives up trying to live when you 'Elvo turned all his Ilush into soup aid founded his lhad liat. That is what Grant Spreparing to do, and what lie is oxpected do to' tho Confbdoraey as tho season ilvancos. No one in the country has iudied more practically the strength uind oaknoss of the Confederacy than Grant. HIo lnows what limbs are already dond, whiiat oed one more stab to paralyso them, to ihat quarters the vitality is lied, and bo Col on what ribs to strike to reach and spill H. o in has boundless resources of men and "naatorials to do his work with. It would be ,io strango thing if by the fourth of July teo war wore substantially ended. Ofcourse t cannot be unless the campaigns now organising are succossful, and as no mortal Ias powor to predict the issues of oven the most promising compaign, and as the event ovfery battle depends more or loss upon intflunces beyond humani control, thoro is anl uiitnsual nervousness felt as to the event es Jocially of the noet Virginia innimlpign. i Banks' set-back on the Red Rivor was a Svory serious thing for the General com iianlding, and its cost was gruat in lives and munitions of war. Any defeat is sincerely to be regrotted, yet the success of Banks' expedition to Texas, however desirable, is not vital. It was undertakon rather as a siupplement to last . year's progranmmo-a |concluding essay of the anaconda policy tlan a s any portion of this spring's plan, which aims at the centre to stab rather than by winding around the circumforonco to crush. Nor is it yet settled, bid as our' men woro handled thoro, that the rebels did not sufllr about as much; nor that Banks' oxpedition is moro tltan temporarily chocked. The robols fool the necessity of some de monstration in North Carolina. Governor Vanco not only fears the consequence of por mitting the eon of his State to moot in con vontion, but dare not oven allow the Logis latur oan extra session lost tie reprosonta tivos of the' people bolt from the Cotn foderany.. rThe, prospect of mongro crops, throats of instant starvation, oxorbitant prides, and an utter disgust with Jeff Davis' tyramny and the war that has come of it, .minlo North Caroliii a broken bono in the sido of the Confederacy. Satisfied tlat slho will not bo quiet unless thoro is some show of relief for her, the robols lately made a des po?ato effort to expel the Union troops from near, the mouth of the oRonoko river, but woro ropulsed with great slaughtor. Thoe Governmonts of tlh loyal Westorn 'Border States are taking stops to defend "thoi .fotrritory fromi the inroads of sulch 'raidstors as Forrost. Thoy propose a plan .which will call off none of the veterans iieededint the groat armies of Grant. They ask the Presidont to call out 100,000 volun 'itis 'fromi tihoi States. "Whether complied with or not, the request shows a grictifying disposition on the part of the States to leave tlioir' d6tdirins whero tlio greatest nood of thomn is, and to defond by other moans their homes threatoneod with invasion. On ,the whole; though. no unmistakablo mioveimont tdward a collision has yet boon d'iidao iiiVirginia, there is renewed activity along atllour lines, and thoero are abundant symptoms that the gioat anud bloody struggle on whic'sb' miuch.doponds is hot' long to be postponed. r i'Tho'following are the united press telo graims from the seat of war, -which we quote -hiiio lyfromi the Woekly Bullotin:- ;OumIAoo, April 15. The Times' account of the capture of Fort Pillow, says thlt, on I'uesday 'morlnilng (April 12th), Forrost, Chalmnors, and lie Culloutgli, with from 6000 to 8000 men, attaiced .tho Fort,'garrisonod by a battalion of tho' 1lth' Tonmiesseo cavalry, numiboriig 800 Mfiroib nd 200 negroes. Some' citions were also inside of tho fort, who fought well. Tie w,;~ion and childiren went over on an island. The eonomy wereohid and fired from bolhilid (cdvr) for some tino. A surrodero Was demanded several times without effect. At last the enemy foimed into two columus and isado a direct assault. All the troops in ..the fort fought like heroes, until tho .~ih os wore soon on the' breastworks, when woro ordorod to tako their plce, but thei dorangomont of the lines could not blei ronmotlied, and theo oomy poured in, forcing the Fedorals back to the river. 1ero they woroe compolled to give up. The gunboat No. 7 throw 2.10 shells, but lid not do ullch dmunago to thoe fnely. Or troops spiked thrco guns, which woreo cptierOd by the enoemly, who subsequently set tire to eovery thing combnhusitibllo, burning aill tho houises in town. The negrooe who had taken refuge under the river hlnk woro shot whoroiver found, notwithstanding thoe urrender; forty nine whito troops woro also shot and wounded ifter tho surrondor. The onemy took about 100 -prisoners. Tho wounded number sixty-livo. : When the stoamer Platto Valloy loft, on Wodnesday ovoning, th oenomy woreo still thoro, and oxpressoed their dolorminiationi to reomin. The citizons woro returning. A now Orleans lotter says:-A brilliant fight took place at Ponsecoln, recently; betwooeen the 23rd and 24th Now..York cavalry and the 7th Alabama rolebel cavalry, in which the latter weoro almost annihilated in hand- to-hand fight withi sabres. NEW Yoolc, April 15. The Sorltinol roports nourly 197,000,000 dollars of reaal debt liunded and talon up by dillbroert States, whilo at largo portion of the Confodoracy ha1d not yet boon board from. The Soutinol estimates that the total amount takon up is 250,000,0100 dollars. Gonoral Asboth commnnds t at IPensacola. -Tlho onemny are concontrating a iheavy force at Polard, Ala., to co-operato on the line of railroad fromn Ponsacola to Mlont gomory. Torriblo persecutionms aro inflicted on the people who try to evado tho comi ?oription. Privato despatchos say that gold was quotod yostorday, at noon, in Now York, at 173; and to-day tt 175. h'lo gold bill roported yostorday proves fiurthor that io no but lone-fide owners, ifi actual possession, slall mitko contracts for the salo of gold or foreign oxchango, and firbids transactions oxcept at,tho .placo of business of tho buyer or sollor. All contracts in violation of the act aro void,;i'iudor penalty of fine or imprisomnnont. Theo ill was drawn at the troasury department. On Wednosday, Secrltary Chaso tolographed to Clairmnan Shormnan and Hoopor, from Now York, urging immnndiato action thoroon.' Sixty pieces of artillory, consisting of 12 poundor howitzors, loft hero last ovoning for thlo army of tho Potomac. Louisvir.LL, April 15., A dospatch from Colonol Gallup, of tho 141th Kentucky, sttoes tlat tiho robels, 1000 strong, attacked his command, numbering 750, and, aftor a fight, the robols w0ororo pulsed with sovoro loss, and woro in full retreat for Pound Gap, pursued by our forcos. The fight occurred noar Paintsvillo; Colonol' Truo is pusling forwnrd from Mount Storling ino the direction of Podnd Gap, to intoreopt the robols. OmnoAao, Al~ril 10. 'Lettors receivod detailing tlheo captur of Fort Pillow give. oven a more appalling dos cription of the fiandislnoss of the rebels than the tolegraph. Many of the wounded wore shot in the hospital, and the remainder driven out and the hospital burned. The morning after the battl the roebeols wont about thie field to shoot the negroes who had not died from previous wounds. -Many of those who had escaped from the works and hospitals, who desirod to beotreated as prig sonors of war as the robels had promised, woro ordercd into line and inhumanuly shot down. Of 350 coloured troops not more than fifty or sixty escaped, and not one of the oflicors in command of thllbe coloured troops survives. General Ohalmers told.the correspondont that, although it rwas against the policy of his government to spare negro soldiers and their ollicers, yet heo had done all in his power to stop the carnage; at the sanmo time he believed it was right. Ano thor oflicer said our white troops would have beoun protooted had they not boon found on duty with nogroos. The robels suflfered heavily, and their wounded well filled threo hospitals, a short distance in thocotlitry. OAnto, April 16. A. tow-boat,, which passed: Fort Pillow since the Platto Valley, reports that, while the flag was still flying the reobols had not loft. Four gunboats wore theroe. Some wounded oflicers camue up, and said they begged the enemy not to shoot them after surrondering, but in vain. Five nogroes, who 'weor in the hospital, had boon buried aliveo, two of whom had dug their way out with their hands. General Chnalmrs is re ported to have been in conmmand at the at tack osn Fort Pillow, at first; but Geonoeral Leo arriving before the battle, ihbassumed thie command. Forrest, with his main force, proceeded, after the fight, to Brownsvillo, taking with him the captured guns. NEw Yomnc; April 16. A Harrisburg dospatch says theoroe is conu siderablo oxciteouont relative to the proposed transfer of the seat of Governmeont to Phila delphia. A conumittee of the city council of Philadolphia are urging tho' passago of the bill, oflbring, if necessary, 5,000,000 dollars for the orection of a now statoecapitol in that city The Confederate conscription has boon smspoinddd in thb first congrossional., district ,of North. Carolina, and an ..:amnesty wnas ofofred to all.'North Carolinians who are or have been in the Fedoral service, Theo, Tribililo's . aiimiy of" the Potomac desjpatch says a ianjority of the sutlers, and other citizons, havo left for 1Washington. An accession of'throo or four~ brigadds to the onomy's force, opposite aecoon Ford,,is ro ported on good authority. The World's special says, soveral desertors boloilgihig to a .Now Eungland regiment escaped during the recent storm. ' Thd army is boinig constantly reoinforced ;by thie arrival of votoraus. ' hrno'brigadbs of General Gotty's division of ,the lburth corps have beoll reviewed, and other reviows and.drills auo in active progress throughout the oentire arumy. T'he o erald's special from Alexandra, Va., tlio'lth, says; this morning Mosby, at the head of 600. obol cavalry, made Ihis ap: pdaranc o.on the lino of the Orango and' Alexandria rtillioad,neur Bristol station, and suddbnly took by sirprise tlie patrol for the protection of that' road between, that place and Iaiiassuis. Twenty'to t?wenty-five soldiers were captured. Thoe rebels wont awiay i the direction of Fredoricksburg. A Washington special says :-HTaving loft the army of' the Potomac this morning, I 'speak knowin lyof the prospects of the roads,: whidJE ý,tA a?;,+n alloUtthe feestloco-= aýrly movnment, the streams havo naisune .hoir wonted dimonsions, and the roads ara pasalblo.to Isy tho loast. ThIe roason givon on tho streot for the rapid declino in gold yesterday, is tlnat Secrolary COlnso had sold from 1-100,000 to X800,000, sterling exchango. CAIto, April 16. The Glondalo, tho fir.st steamer from A[omphis since the tomporary blockadd of .Fort Pillow, Ilhs arrived. OlIicors say that the robels ovacuateud Fort Pillow a lter des troying overything destructiblo; they burned every building, and finished by blowing up the walls and fortifications of the defensive works. S WAsmianroN,, April 17. A bill to provont. speculation in gold passed the Senate to-day, and now iwaits the action of thl ITouso. SDespatches firom haod-quarters of tih army of the Potominec stato that a party of Tobel cavalry mado an attack on Bristow station yosterday noon, and woro drivon off after a briof skirmish, and osveral of thoe wounded.. The train *ith GConeral Grant on board had passed a fow minutes beobro. It is supposed the int6ntion of toe robols was to calpturo him. C'mNClNmATIN April 17. SAdvices havo beeoon received hero to tlo ol'cet that orders havo beeoon issued calling out the voluntoor militia on the 2nd May for aetivo and field duty. CAuio, April 17. The steamer Siren of Illinois reports that \Vert Adams' forces wore dofoated by troops from 'tho Big lack a wooeek ago. Several hundred prisonors woro takon. We have no particulars. 'I'on gunboats aro now up the Red River. FommrRass MONROE, April 17.' . Foit Royal papers of the 11th report the capture of the sido-whool blockado runner Alliance, on 'the 12th, noar Dawfuskio Island, Savannah river, whoro she ran aground. All but six of her' crow wore takon, prisonors. Sho was from Nassau, with an assorted cargo from the rebel gov ornment, valued at 85,000 dollars. The Savannah Republican of the 14th states that the Yankeoo prisoners at Audor ville, Georgia, are dying at the rate of twenty to twonty-fivo a day. .The Nassau papers say that Mobile, Sayv annah, .Charleston, and Wilmington, nro loss rigidly blockaded, than ovor. The paper's also say that fast steamors are cominig in with supplies for the robols which promiseo largo profits. CHATTANoonoA , April 17. All is quiot in front, with no chango in tho situation. A robol lioutonant, with fifty-two non-commisisioned officers and pri vatos, camo into our lineos last night. Thoy report that ilardoo's corps had boon ordorod away from.Dalton. Sovoral toanis had loft boforo thoy camio away, and .it was believed in tho rebel camp that thoy wore going to Virgiuia. NhEw Youm , April 17. Tih Richmlond Examinor has a rumour that Btirnsido's forcos woro landing at Now port News. The samo paper places tho strongth of Grant's arniy at 44,000 infantry, and says 20,000 reinforcomonts will beo the oxtont of his present resources. NEw YonRc, April 18. The Horald's army despatchi sttes' that Geoneral Kilpatrick left for Washington, and will thence proceed to Nashvilld to report to Gonoral .Sherman,' for the command of the cavalry of the army. of the Cumberland. , General. nstor, with the second brigade, is transforrdd from the third to the first division. General )avis has been ordered to report to General Gregg, commanding the second division. Previous to Kilpatrick's departure he reo coivoed, by a flag of truce, a letter from Goneral Lee, inquiring whether the orders foundupon Colonel Dahlgron, as published in the Riclhmond papers, weore authentic and authorisod by him. His reply, was a bitter 'rijd indignant donial. There is little dotbt but the reason why Dahligren's body was not given up wais because of. its shameful mutilation and unchristian burial. The steamer Fulton, from Port Royal, has arrived.: WVhri the blodkado-runuor was caught by the South Carolina, off Savannah, her. crow, thirty in number, were all, found asleep. Her passengers, six in number, es caped in a boat. The cargo and, vessol were worth 125,000 dollars. 'A dspatcli 'from Nowburn, North Caro lina, 'the 12th, says, that according to the Raloigh Progress, the people of .Western Carolina recently hung several Confederate officors and soldiers for attempting to 'on force the conscription. . The railroads of. North Carolina are bisilyo engaged transporting rebel troops and supplies. Theo bank statement shows a decrease in loains of ovbr 5,000,000 dollars; a decrease in deposits of 2,100,000 dollars; antincroaso in specioe of 753,000 dollars. The following private dispatch was ro coived hero this morning :-Now York, April 18.--Gold, 100. :Greenbacks scarce. Soveral :stock-brokers failed. Money ,tight. Gold will decline unless money (paper cur renly) becomes moreofroo. C OmC?Ao, April:19. Advices from iRod River say the fight ro ported to have takeno place on Cave River Was at THendoison Hill; t ientymilos distant; Five Federal 'regiinoiits anid. i'nobItttalliun weoroe iigaed. 19 officers, 208: privates, 2 brass 6-pounld howitzdrs, 4I eaissons,. 280 horsos, and about lie same nutmboi of small arms, were captured. Mobile papers contain a synopsis of a slpeelh- of, Vice-President Stephens;,. at ?filledioviilo, i 'which he said the bill sue pending the Habeas Corpus was constitu tional but dangerous. H'o did not believe the President would abuse the ploweirs coifoerrod upon him, ibut atseo niight be ox ericised.without, his knowledge. If a sus ipension was necessary, "which lihe did not ad init, it was dangerous' to 'freomoni, and if not piotested agaiinst would be fasteoned on us as theo policy of the government. The Curronoy Bill he thought unwiso and severe, and the Military Bill fatal,'if e;ectited, as it 'dimili ished produceds to such rin oxteiht as .to iitorforo with" the.. necessary siupply. of food.. : . '.' ,Oaito, April 19. A robel mail:earrier;,' ithO300 lettdrsfroiih I{iehlmoind and otheor points ast of the river, was captured oen the night of the 4th, three miles below Crockett's . Bluff Arkansis. Theos letters contained official communica tions for Shroveport . 60,000 peorussion caps wore also, ca)pt'red with the messenger, and! ~-;-~·n. m ·l;·~~at·r~~ )atches in regard to his attack on rPducah. ie says ho held the town ton hours, and -ouldh(avo lheld it longer, but he retired be Causo'tho small-pox was raging. 1o says ilis loss at Union City and I'aducalh was Only twenty-five hilled and wounded, whilo tlhe Foderal loss at Paduicnh was fifty killed :and wounded. 00 Yankeeos woro captured by tlh expeditionr sent to Dolapolis. Refugees from Central Toeas represent tlat a series of fearful outrages had boon coinmitted upon persons suspected of Union sentiments. As many as 100 had been hung antd shot by vigilance committees, under sanction of the military authorities. A Portsmouth (Virginia) correspondent reports the result of the recent expedition, for the purpose of capturing tile rebel tor podo boat which lately attempted to destroy the Minnesota. It was not found, but several sharp sl1irmishes woro ihad with the robols. 50 contrabinmls, and a largo num her of horses were brought in. General ILanks was at Grand Ecoro River on the 16th. Tiho army moved forward that morning towards Shrovoport. Accounts from tie rebel lines say that the feeling in Kirby Smith's army was bad, and that he ]had not half the men to stand a light that were reported. Ino is very unpopular among time 1ouisianiains. Later intolligence couirms thle report that largo numbers of citizens are daily subscrib ing to the amnesty oath. jVorks without guns weore found here by GonerallBanks. All the cotton along the river had boon burned. Lotters dated Grand Ecoro, La., of the 10th and 11th, say our cavalry of the third and fourth divisions of the 13th Army Corps, after a hard-fought action, wore overpowered and put to flight by a largely superior rebel force, . The Nineteenth Corps came up and linally checked the enemy. Our loss is re ported at 2000. The Chicago mercantile battery lost all their guns, four officers, and 22 men. BarT.TIrmros, April 10. Ilhe inauguration xeircises of the Mary land Sanitary Fair last night wore very im posing. President Lincoln waspresent, and, in 'esponse to repeated calls, madoe a brief address. Ile referred to the great change which had taken place in Baltimore the last, three years. When hlo alluded to the massacro at Fort Pillow, he said many sup posed the government did not intend to do its duty in regard to the protection of colored soldiers. lie desired to say that all such were mistaken. Whlenthe question respect ing colored men as soldiers was left to the government, it rested very much with him self whether he should mako soldiers of them or not. 1ie pondered the matter care fidly, and when lie becatne convinced that it was his duty to employ them, he did not hesitato. loe stood before- the Amorican people 'responsible for the act-responsible before the Christian world-and should stanid responsible in the eye of the historian. 1Ho did not shrink from it; lie hesitated not. lie declared that the governmoiit would pro tect them the same as white soldiers, whon over a cleai and authenticated case was made out. ' Hitherto it had boon dillicult to ascortain with certainty what the govern ment's decision in a matter so serious should be. But in the Fort Pillow affair ho thought we wore likeoly to find a clear case.' When government does know the facts from official sources, and should they substantiato the reports, retribution will be surely given. The President's remarks wore warmly ap plauded, and especially his determination to retaliate for the barbarous deeds of the roebels. Tho Herald's Washington deslpatches stato that Grant will appoint lMc Clellan to a command in the army of the Potomac. Washington splcial'despatches say that it is reported that Gilmore has beenr clieved froen the command at Charleston, and has been ordered to service elsewhere. It is not unlikely, notwithstanding 'this clhango, that our ironclads will be alongsido Oharleston wharf before the end of summer. General Hatch has been mentioned, as. the successor of Gilinoro. Twenty-two blockade runners (steamers) had loft Havana. A letter dated Grand. Ecor, ,Red River, says 'fhat our cavalry had been driving the onomy for two days, but, in the forenoon of the 8th they sent back word for infantry support.. General fRansom, in command of the third and fourth divisions' of the thir teenth corps was.orderod to send ' i'brigade and did' so. At noon h]e was, ordered .to 'send upn all the fourth division and went up .with them. After advancing about five miles from where the third division and the nineteenth corps. were encamped, the rebels mado a stand, and oue line,, consisting of only 2400 mon, formed, in a belt of woods with an open field in front, and the enoemy in the woods on the opposite side. ' Genieral Charles P. 'Stono,'d'f Ball's Bluff 'ftumo,"hief of General Bauks's staff, took the direction of the imovomouts. General RanusOn was in favour of advancing rily'in force, but his wislh, was disregarded, and.after keeping up Ai skir;mish-firing,. across this open 'field for about an hour, the-enemy 'advanced in- over whelming' nimubers, estimated at 10,000 strong., All' our 'available troops'were sent to. the front and opened. on. the , onomy. They, lost :heavily, but advanced steadily, and made our cavalry give .way, and the in fintry" fll" back. In a 'foW. mniments thel eoinsey IrossAod 'us so closely, and the, panic 'o the cavalry was so denmoralisingi that':the retroat becamo a rout. - Whiloe oaoavouring td savetheo "atillery, Genloral lllansom was Wounded severely in the leg, andl 'his adju tant, Captain ,Dickey;; was: klled. The Chicago mercantilo battery lost all. their guns, and the' capttin, .was taken prisonor.! TW'o liotitnalite ' wore killed.: VlWhile', the fourth divisioni ws''s filling backl in disoiler, throe, divisions, ininiboriug: only 1800 mon, camo up, and:woro immediatolyroutoed; and finally the thirtoonth corps, ?vitlh :7000 mdn, camel up and frnmed in line, and'checkOd the enemy, and held them until we got all our tinaiis off, except that. of the cavahly. , The whole armynis now falling back' hor. 'They, must wait and roorganiso: boforo proceeding futrther, towards Shreveport..' Our : lss is said tobe 2000.' " "WASmiIb ox, April 10. In, tho Senato to-day, the bill to repeal the rugitivoe Slave Law passed to a second reading. : i ' - Richmond papers report a mutiny in Geinoral Warfield's brigade, at Bristol, Tenn., recently. Some 200 members were dissatis fied' with the quality of the rations, broke open the stonre of the commissary and plun :deed it. The provost guard fuied on them, killing and wounding five or six. The rest; sea 5 ld i thei nder Th1 Times's Washington spucial of tie I11i says :-1. is rumoured hero to- nlighl lihat Lee is movrin a portion of his army to this side of the lapidan, nearcMulison court houso. Nothing, however, of reliable infor mnation has been recoived. Tho presence of a considerabloe reliol cavalry force near Lees burg has induced measures to be taken to check an advance, should it be attempted. It is roprosonted that Goenral Grant las decided to send to the front suchl mon of the invalid corps as are able to boar arms, and return to their homes those disabled from active service in the field. Information has been received that a largo body of rebel cavalry, supposed to be from the main army, woro at Leesburg and the vicinity, seizing forago, teams, and taking thlm olf towards Upporvillo. Colonel Lowoll immediately started with a brigade of cavalry from Vienna, supported by General Tylor's brigado of infantry, from Fairfax court house to give them battlo. Hodge's robol brigado attackled Colonel Gillospio's force at Painsvillo, on Tuesday last, but was repulsed. Gillespio pursued the retreating rebels with 800 men of the 1lth and 3'Jth regiments, and surprised them on the i1-th in camp, at Half IMountain, capturing 70 prisoners, 200 horses, 400 sad dles, 300 stand of arms, and all their camp equiplgo. 85 rebels were killed or wounded. Privato letters have boon received from Red ivor-ono dated Grand Ecoro, tho 10th, and another Alexandria, the 12th-stating that the army under General Banks mol with reverses on the 8th, near Mansfield. Our army fell back, and on the next day the robols attacked them and woro handsomely whipped, the loss being boavy on both sides. An Alexandria letter of the 9tli says tih rebels are burning all the cotton on the Rod Rivor and Ouaclohta. W?ASnIKOTON, April 20. In the Senate, yesterday, the bill to repeal the fugitive slave law was amended by ac cepting the Act of1795. A motion to.table was lost. PJIILAIDEPIIIA, April 24. The Enquirer says that rebel deserters who have arrived at Washington state that Loo's force on the Rapidan is 60,000. Longstreeot was at Charlottesville, marching toward Stanuton, for the purpose of advanc ing down the Shenandoah Valley. Lee's army has received seven days' rations for a forward movemoent. Theo. following information has been re coived from the army of the Potomac :--Fivo deserters of the 45th Virginia rebel regiment came into our lines yesterday. It is posi tively ascortained that Longstroot's army is at Orange court-house. Leo's entire forces are not more than 45,000 or 50,000 strong. The rebels are vigilant, strictly forbidding their pickets to hold conununication with ours. OAcno, April 21. Tho naval despatch-boat General Lyon, from Red River, has arrived, and we' have theo following in regard to affairs in Banks'. department :-The fight of the 8th was at Sabine Creoss Ruoads. The rebels are said to havo numbered 35,000, from Texas, Louisi ana, Arkansas, and Missouri. On the morn ing of the 8th, General Banks sent forward a cavalry force, with a supply train, of 100 waggons, to Natchitoches. They soon began skirmishing with the enemy, whom they found in force at Pleasant Hill, about.forty five miles from Shreveport. "The com mander of the cavalry thought the i'ebel force small, and sent a message to General Banks to that effect, but asked for reinforce ments, Ransom's division was sent forward by brigades, which were successively do foated, by placing themselves between the rebls, who were on both sides of the road, and closed in on one bofore the other could come up. The enemy took the supply trains, and killed and wounded a large number. They took many prisoners and threw the re mainder into confusion, so that they retreated rapidly, the rebels in hot pursuit. As they approached General Smith's forces, which were drawn up in line of battle, the latter opened his lines and lot the fleeing troops pass before the enemy came up. He then closed his lines and prevented further chase, driving the enemy back. The noxt morning General Smith attacked the noemy under KIiiby Smith, Dick Taylor, Magruder and Holmes, defeating them badly and driving them back. The Federals took a large numibor of prisoners, and killed arid wounded more than the rebels did the day before. The fighting was desperate. General Smith is considered to have saved the whole army. General Banks finally fell back to Grand Ecore on account of, the scarcity of rations, and sent a message to Admiral Porter, who was fifteen miles above, to return with the transports containing supplies for the army. As the boats came down, 'the enemy ap peared on the banks 'of the river, and the stream being narrow, tried to get on board of them. The gunboats Cricket, the flag ship Chillicothe, the Osage, the Neosho, Fort Heirian, Gazello, and Lexington; and armeu transport Brown, openeod on. them, killing and wounding during the 11th and 12th, about five hundred. But.few on-the boats' wro killed or wounded. The rebel" have sunk the steamer New Falls City, formerly the St. Louis, a Now.' Orleans packet directly across the river, eight, miles below' Shroveprt. The floot hadraliched it and made preparations to blowit dup, 'hen thb order was givon to returnto Grand Ecore. General. Banks' whole 'loss is at least 200.0' The fighting on both sides was desporate;. The enemy exhibited a grieat doail of decltldssiiess, nnd on the secon.'day a largo number of field officers wore slain. Our loss during the first day's fight was 2000 men, 22 cannons, and.100 waggons. II OmAao, April 22.;' eloportsof an intended raid, on an'oxten sive scale, into Kentucky, under Bucknor and Breckiuridge, continue to be received. SA Cairo special despatch says that a gen ileman who escaped froom Jackson; Tenn., on the 13th, slated that Forrest was there with thirty-niuo regiments- twonty-six un dor Forrost's immediate command and thir teoo' under Chalmors'. 60,000 men have .been conscripted by*the eiemy. since their occupation of West Tennessee and Kon tuckv. . . Nnw Yoxc, April 22: Tho Times Washington special stiys Gone ral Grant hlnd left for the front, and General BIurnsido for Fortress Monroo. It is under stood that the recent developments of the intentions of the mrebels render an early movement of the/ormy of the ,'Potomtao highly probable. / Tho. recent ojder of General Grant's,i banishing 'sutlIer, iids thbe army of over T'ho war deopartmont has ordered an ad dition of 15,000 beds for presont hospital accommodations in Washington.' All.pa. tionts able to boar removal are to be sent Iorth at once. It is again reported with credence that Ieo has sent part of his army into the Shenandoah Yalloy, With a view, of com peolling Girant to divide his army by sending a force in pursuit. The World's Washington special sayis Governors I3rough, Lowis, Morton, Curtin, and Yates, had a long interview with the President to-day, to urge upon him the no cessity of calling .200,000 more mmon'inito service,, for the defence:of- theo states bor dering the Ohio .River, and especially In diana, Ohio, and Kentuicky. .Thoy claim that,'if especially authorised,' they could raise that number for that dnty by volun toeering. The President, as things look now, seems disposed to issue a call for 200,000 men, to be raised onlyin,the wes torn states. . BALTIMORE, April 22. The American has aspccial despatch from Norfolk, that a steamor arrived there from Now Orleans via Moorolead City, and was taken possession of to bring important dis patches to General Butler. '.Th .captain reported that a rebel ram came down to within a low miles of Plymouth, N.O., on the 18th, and attacked our fleet and 'sunk the gunboat Bombshell and two other gin boats, . names unlnown. The greatest imnxietyprevails at Plymouth. It is gener ally expcted that it would have to be evac uated. It was thought that General Peck would be able to hold Newborn. NEW YoouI, April 22. A Washington special to the Commercial Advertiser says :--1ilitary rumours state that the navy department has positive in formation from the Southern blockading squadron of the completion of the. long talked of rebel rams. CmoAoo, April 23. The Richmond Examiner of the 5th says th6it Commissioner Ould has effected a cartel for the complete exchango of prisoners. TIhe Governors of the Western States have modified their request to the President for a call of troops for the defence of the Border States, anAd now limit their requesttoo100,000 mon for six months.- It is!doubtful if the request will be complied, with;:. Edward Benton, for two years past a resident at Fort Pillow, and who was in the fort during the recent attack, has been,ex amined'at Goneral Rosencrans' headquarters, and fully corroborates all the previous re ports of rebel barbarities, making an ad ditional statement that bloodhounds were used to discover the hiding-places of those who escaped the massacre. Cairo, April 23. Intelligence has been received from Little Rock, Ark., to the 15th, wihich; says the ex pedition under Colonel Clayton, consisting of 1000 infantry and five regiments cavalry, with six pieces of, artillery, reached, Pine Bluff after a raid to Saline River, where they' encountered a force of rebels' 3000 strong. The first encounter took place near Branchville, where the rebels were dofeated after three hours' fighting. They retreated, our forces following them up to near Mount Elba, on the Saline. The next day we occu pied the 'place without resistance. Our forces'here divided, one detachment crossing the rirer and the other reconnoitering this side. The enemy were found some distance from : Mount' Elba,' having been :roinforced and advancing on our forces. Hasty pro parations for their reception were made by extemporising fortifications of' logs 'rails, anu cottonbales. The enemy charged three times, and each time were repulsed. - They finally retired after six hours' vain effort to dislodge us. Our forces then charged on themr, scatterino them in all directions. In this and the engagement at Branchville we killed eighty-four, wounded 350, and cap tured fifty. In the meantime the force which had been sent across the river was busy, and returned in the evening, having, marched fifty ?:ilos. During the trip they cap tured a train of fifty waggons filled, with shpplies. The train was under escohit of 300 rebels. The entire tiain was captirod and destroyed, and the entire 300 men taken prisoners. Over 1000 horses and mules foil into .our hands. These events' took place about the 30th March. NEw YonRK April 2?. The Times's Washington special despatch says the House Judiciary' Committee are ready to report the Senate' Bill abolishing slavery by constitutionalamendment. They will endeavour to get an early vote, but are doubtful.if the necessary two-thirds Will be found in favour of it. 'The latest authentic intelligence states that the rebels wore busily engaged strength ening the fortifications of Richmond, and tlio opinion prevails that Lee will fall back thoer when.:Grant advances, and no consideidib!o resistance will be made along the line of the Ranidan.: * Intelligence from Now Orleans to the 15th states tiat the loss of the fourth division of the Thirteenth Army Corps, ini the battles of Red River, on the 8th, were 1125 hilled, wounded, and missing. The: losses of the third division of the same corps, were 350. No one attaches any blame to either Ransoin or Franklin, the movement, which resulted ln the disaster, being contrary to the' advi0 of both theoe' officers They did all tllnt offideis could, obeying the orders of their ;uperior, under the circumstances. On the 9th, the sixteenth and seventeenth :orps, witl: part of a division of the nine teenth corpsi Whipp6d the . rebels badly, driving them seven miles before they wer" ordered to retire. Our loss this day is r' ported at 1000 killed, wounded, and missing. The Washington special: to the Evomilit Commercial saiys :-People who are predict ng immediate battles in Virginia will pro bably be disappoiuted,i' unloss Goioral Leo either advances in force or makes a demone stration towards Ponnsnylvariia.: ' -Reports are freely j: circulated that Granp and Stanton have quari'llod,' but the Chroniclo of this morning contains an ai thentio denial of the report. ,, .:f, , 'The t6talshliipments of gold'to Eourio to day were 1,875,000 dollars.. WAsHIuoTONm , April 23. General Totten,-chief-engineer TI. ' lied yesterday. ., "-, ,; -y- 3 .. . l ?lilinbLd', papelrs-, stat'.ýthat ,Geer, 3obpei has'ieceived thie following dospatcei from, Baton Rouge :--"Weo'umet the oneiny oear Shreveport, and the, Union force 'as ropuled, 'with :gioat lds.- The.. gaunbon Essoexor:;Bnton was destroyed by'a toriped in .ed-River, audione; transport was cap tired by thle Confodeoates. Admiral Far' for thoir having drunk prosperity to this comtry.; 'l ohoehlirmnan then proposed the of " the Visitors," coupling tho name of ld Ir. Coppin. Tho foast having been on tically received, MIr. Coppin returned s. II was kno0wn that hto was a resident of ' 01 colonyl, and he woulid 1ake this opporltulnity I1owtlcdging the very great debt of obligation 'at colony was under to the introduction of g~aio n blood that thoy ad had theoro. 'They were tod to thae Amlrlcans for oponing up the iy by sending Cobb's coachel thr'oug the ilnd for inany other improvements.of which lria could no1w boast. 110 did not hesitate to tilea they were indebted to America for sending at least f fly years la- hlead; anld h thought that 0tw South Wales had 1had the same advanlago ouohld 1b going rather faster than shlo was at the 1]imt tim. Mtr. Coppin proceoeded to allude to in p(tended visit to America, and on concluding, 'red the company with a comic song, which af d mulch lamusementto the company. Tile chnir ~hionprposed" Tli h AnoricanUnion." Mr. Mor r.was called on, and said he should be happy to 0a, 1u 1e tlthoughlt u111n r oxilstilg oir Ltancs 1e ought to confine his remarks to pression of regret that a country whichll r ncenly hold such a high position nmongst nations of the earth should now b1 the of unhappy disturbances. 'Tlero was, .ever, a hope that at no distant day, 'pe(c .0its attlndnlt 1blessings, would once Inqroopr . and the nation rise purilled by the struggle (lgh which it had passed, and, with I united o, Lassum its pllce in Iho van of civilisation, over afford an asylum to the down-troddon 1onlities of the world. The vico-chairman pro dll "The Mercantilo Marine, to which Captain dford rspolnded. " he Ladies," was th1011n pro 0d0b Iyr the choirman, and was responded to by the l llirman, and by r. Robertson. Canpltain tlIdford proposed " 'he Commeroial lInteresls of tw Soouh "Wales." Air. Lloyd, in responding, ox. ssed a hope thatI tlhoe day was not fn r distant when Sla frco port our commelllrcial relationll with the l1d would be strongt.houod, and the noble 0 mrlour t}'ort Jkson becolme what nature intenllded it to Sthe 0lmporium of the sothellrn hemisphre. S1h1e Land of our lBirth;" "'The Press;" tile t1111hs of the chairman, the vic.ochairman, and Mr. rtimor were then successively proposed and duly noureed ; 'and the conivvial proceedings wero #0olght to a close shortly after eloven o'clock. S'apers have bcln receoved from0 Olago to the 25th 1JfJuno. Tho mininig news is of soma interest, con Iying as it do1s reports of thie discovery of a now hld-field on the Wout Coast. Thil adventurous tirty who made thle discovery state that they pano rihtod to Jocksll's Illy, on the Wost Coast, and corywhero found gold, and in several places vary obl deposits. They describe ahnost the whole of hoe country betwoen Wulkatip and the coast 1as ariforous, eand tloy also discovered traces of copper hd other minerals, The roulo pursued appears to tero boon in a direct N.E. lino fr1om the Wakatip, 1nd through a country not previously prospected. 