Mr. Francis Popham. [From Baily's Magazine.] Mr. Francis Popham, whose career on the turf, though brief, was brilliant— having won tho Derby with Wild Dayrell— belongs to one of tho oldest families in England, and is descended from the celebrated Lord Chief Justice Popham, whose abilities as a Judge have been handed down to us by the most celebrated legal historians. Mr Francis Popham was born in October, 1809, and is the second son of Lieutenant General Edward Popham, of Littlecote, For many years Mr. Popham pursued the life of a country gentleman of fortune, passing his time in the pursuit of field sports, and those occupations peculiar to his position in life. Although fond of racing, he never kept a stud, but had one or two brood mares at Littlecote to experimentalise with. In 1850 Mr. Popham purchased Ellen Middleton of Lord Zetland, and sent her to Ion. The pro duce was Wild Dayrell, who was sold when a yearling to Lord Henry Lennox for 100 guineas, with the condition that if he won the Derby he was to receive 500 more. The Duke of Richmond's stud being broken up, and Lord Henry Lennox retiring at the same time; Wild Dayrell went up with the Goodwood horses to Tattersall's, and as no bidder could be found for him, the secret treasure was taken back by Mr Popham and put into training at Ashdown Park, where, under the care of Rickaby, the stud groom of Mr. Popham, he took his breath ings. _ Rumours that he was a nice colt were England, by those who know the district, but he was never seen until the First October Meeting, at Newmarket, in 1854, when, ridden by Marlow, he won a two-yr-old sweepstakes in a canter, Para and Hnsol run ning a dead heat for second The impression he then created was so favourable, that in quiries as to him being in the Derby were made, and these being answered in the affirmative, the gentlemen who back horses from a knowledge of their make and shape, and are judges of action, at once determined to throw away a pony or fifty on him. And from that time until after the Derby the name of Wild Dayrell was rarely absent from the Derby quotations. In the Spring the fame of his prowess began to extend itself, and Lord Craven's friends at Ashdown returned to London with the most flattering accounts of his progress. To find a horse to lead him in his work was a matter of great difficulty. Lord Zetland was to have lent Hospodar; but as he was required for Fandango, there was nothing to be done but to give sixteen hundred guineas for Jack Sheppard ; and in his trial with him he gave him eight pounds, and Gamelad twenty-one. This spill, it will be admitted, gave him a great chance; and Hampshire, Wiltshire and Berkshire literally piled its money on him. Still, he never improved his position in the market; and certain operators never ceased laying against him under any circum stances. This naturally alarmed the sus picions of his friends, who considered there could not be smoke without fire ; and Mr. Popham was entreated to remove him from tho care of Rickaby, and change his jockey, Robert Sherwood, who had been specially engaged to ride him in his exercise, and also in the Derby. But he most firmly refused tho request, and stated he had entire confi dence in the integrity and ability of his servants ; and his estimate of them was not overrated or abused. Every design that villainy could suggest was had recourse to in the hopes of nobbling Wild Dayrell ; but never being left for an hour by either his trainer or jockey, he escaped the intended 'coopering,' even when, the lynchpin of the wheels of his van had been tampered with. To get out now of the large sums that had been laid against him was impossible ; and as Rifleman and De Clare had both broken down on tho Sunday previous to the race, his prospect of winning; become so great he was almost backed against the field. Since West Australian and The Flying Dutchman no horse created so great a sensation in the paddock, particularly when it transpired Mr. Popham had been offered 5000 guineaa not to run him. Old. John Day followed him about with delight and wonderment, and said he would be beggared if he would not have a monkey on at any price, for he could not lose. How he won in a canter is notorious ; but it was only just in time, for the hard ground told on his legs with such a carcass to carry, and the following morning he was lame, By 'his victory the nobblers were routed, and a good service done to the turf by Mr. Popham, who felt so keenly the anxiety he had to endure during the last few months of Wild Dayrell's preparation that he said nothing on earth would ever induce him to have another Derby horse .Wild Dayrell's next appear-, ance was at York August Meeting, where he beat the 6000 guinea Oulston in the common est of canters. His third and last effort as a racehorse was at Doncastor, where he came out 'for The Cup with horse cloth bandages onn his front legs to face Rataplan. But all was of no avail for although he had the assistance of two aide-de- camps in Indian Warrior and Little Harry, as they came round the bend of the T.Y.C. Wells found something going, and Wild Dayrell never troubled another bootmaker or ontcred au other enclosure. The Yorkshiremen mourned his sorrows as much as the Southrons, and said, 'He's a vast deal more down in his sinews than ever Maid of Masham was.' In his four races, in each of which he was ridden by a different jockey, he won £5,575 ; and as Mr. Popham won a nice stake over him for the Derby, he has proved almost worth his weight in gold to him, if we take into con sideration his earnings at the stud, wherein he has acquired as nigh a reputation as on the Turf. For the information of breeders, we should say Wild Dayrell stands sixteen hands and an inch high ; has a lean, blood likehead, strong arched neck, good oblique shoulders, great depth of girth, and good back and ribs. He has likewise strong mus cular quarters and thighs, and immense arms ; is a little in at the elbows, and turns out his toes, but is altogether a magnificent specimen of a sire. Among the best of his stock may be mentioned Avalanche, Hurricane, Buc caneer, Wildman, Dusk, Investment, The Roe, Becky Sharpe, Tornado, Molly Carew, and Sea King ; and he will doubtless add to their numbers before long. Wild Dayrell was named after a species of Palmer who originally owned Littlecote, and committed a series of atrocities which, if Miss Braddon had been alive, would have furnished materials for a romance which in interest might have rivalled 'Lady Audley's Secret.' Accused of having committed pretty nearly every crime in the Decalogue, by a slice of luck, equalled only by that of the modern Smethurst, he escaped the penalty due to his crimes. And persons wero not wanting at the time, to assert that he 'got at' Judge Popham, and squared him by making over Littlccote to him. Like many criminal of the deepest dye, Wild Dayrell could be a saint if it suited his pur pose ; and Sir Walter, in ' Rokeby,' thus sings of him : — ' If Prince or Peer cross Dayrell's way. He'll beard him in his pride ; If he met a Friar of Orders grey, He weeps and turns aside. His good luck, however, did not benefit him long, for, a few months afterwards, he waskilled by a fall he got from his horse in attempting to force him over a stile in Little cote Park. The mansion at Littlecots is now leased by Mr. Padwick, so well known on the turf ; and although weak-minded persons still per sist in the belief that the ghost of Wild Dayrell haunts its galleries and bedchambers, other visitors, whoss minds are of a more practical character, and who have partaken of tho hospitality of the new lessee, have never been troubled with such qualms, and have escaped without anysuch midnight visita- tions. But if their dreams have been dis turbed, it has arisen more from stereoscopic views of Paris, Prince Arthur, Birch Broom, and Scottish Chief, than from any other cause. Mr. R. Popham is married to Miss Brock, and has by her several -children. In all the relations of life Mr. Popham has preserved an undimmed reputation. As a follower of the Chase he has been well known for years with the Craven Hounds; and the streams with which his estates are surrounded have contributed to his fame as a fisherman. In short, no man can fulfil the duties of his station better; and in his sphere of life he is an eminently useful member of society. . . Acceptances for the Bendigo and Sand nuHST Handicaps andHuRDixRACF.haveto bo made next Friday. Mb. R, Tbn Bkoeck is about to retire from tho English Turf. His horses arc advertised in the 'Calendar' to be sold in ono lot. The. Steeplechase Home Beaufoiit.— '?' Wo stated, last week, that Beaufort had been sold for £300 ; wo have since been in formed, on the best authority, that £350 was paid for him. Launcestoit Champion Race. — The Launceston Champion Race closes next Thursday. So far as wo can learn the horses likely to be entered from this colony are Lantern, The Sign, Ebor, Muaidora, Barwon and porhaps Mormon. ? BnANxnouiE Races.— Tho following are tho nominations for tho Open Handicap and ?Hurdlo'Raco:'=^Iandicap— Mr. J. Robert Bon's Ugly Buck; Mr. J. Robertson's Marquis of Montrose; Mr. Thomson's Shepherdess ; Mr. Robertson's Birdcatcher ? Mr. J Boll's Gaylad ; Mr. C. D. Rackham's '''B ±'m}, ilif- J- Jtt- uigbys Jona. Han dicap Hurdle Race— Mr. H. Nelson's Young Crockford; Mr. G. Ross's Black Doctor Mr. J. H. Digb/B Nuisance; Mr. J. R M'Pherson's Alfred ; Mr. E. Turner's Nine pins. Melton Mowbrav Steeplechases (Tas mania).— The fourth annualMelton Mowbray Steeplechases camo off on the 10th Novem ber. Some good horses ran, and tho attendance of spectators was numerous. The courso was threo miles in front of the Melton Somestead, over sixteen stiff fences. Tho first raco was the Melton Mowbray Steeple chase, for which— although there were numerous entries — only four horses enme to tho scratch, Mr. Tillett's Emblematic,. Mr Field's Telegraph, Mr. Ibbott's Royal Charlie, and Mr. Harrison's Robin. The weights were list 71b each. For this race only Emblematic and Royal Charlie got round tho course, Robin falling nt tho last fenco but one, crashing his rider severely. Emblematic won eloveriy. For tho Hunters' Sweep, tho entrica were Emblematic, Black Bess, and Tally-ho. This was a splendid race, tho horses being together all round, taking all the fences without a baulk, Emblematio again winning by a length ; the valuo of the two stakea being £140. All the arrangements connected with these racea were most satisfactory, and .1 vory pleasant day 8 sport was enjoyed by all present 