ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. We beg to acknowledge the receipt of remittances from J. C, Millundery; P. O., Kentucky; Rev. J. M.. Kilmore, Victoria; P. O'R., Cesterton, Victoria; J. O'S, Goul. burn; J. D., Lachlan River; P. W., Merton; P. R., Gundagai; C. H., Lockinvar, and M. D., Woolpack Inn. Agent at Goulburn and Braidwood. "TEDDY LANE'S LAMENT.—From a local drama written by a member of the Australian Catholic Young Men's Society"—This is the title of a con- tribution which has been sent to us, and which begins in the classical style of doggrel street ballads. Oh! my name's Teddy Lane from noted Cork city From the land where the Murphys abundantly grow Where the men are light hearted and the girls are so pretty Where the Shanon, the Lee and the black water flow Ireland never more Ireland never more shall I see thy bold cliffs and thy surf-beaten shore. We print this as it is in the manuscript, the italics are the author's own, for what they were put in, he only knows. We had some thoughts of print- ing the whole of the thing to punish him, but being in a particularly mild and amiable mood to-day we shall not inflict such a fearful chastisement on him, though guilty of such a production. There is a good deal more like the above, but surpris- ing to say there are some beautiful expressions some sweet thoughts which—are taken verbatim from the Exile of Erin and other poems. Ah! Teddy, ye tief of the world, did ye think to decave a poor innocent Edithur, with such barefaced plagiar- isms! Teddy however culls flowers wherever he can, if he plucks a rose from the Exile, he snatches a few lilies and violets from the Spirit of the Nation. But he signally fails in making a harmonious whole of the stolen bouquet. Where he comes in with his original thoughts he spoils all. His poetry, we suppose he calls it so, re- minds us of a broken china vase mended up by some bungling tinker. He is pretty well content with himself too, as is evident from the whole, and especially from this last verse, which we can- not resist printing, for it is not often we meet with such a ridiculous effort. I wronged you to leave you sweet Ailleen Thoughts of you and ould Erin brings my heart pain But you'll pardon cruel Teddy and give over wait- ing You'll forgive but never forget your own Teddy Lane Sorra never more sorra never more Shall I drink the sweet smiles of her I adore. All we can say is if Ailleen is waiting for such a self-sufficient, impudent pretender as Teddy she is very foolish. Mark the last lines! Did you erer? Poor fellow he think that poetry! We would pity him, but he has given us such a hearty laugh at his expense that we can only thank him. Teddy would be better employed following the plough than the muses. He make us rush into doggrel ourselves and exclaim. Poetasters bad! avaunt ye! grammarians worse! May the ghost of Lindley haunt ye with many a curse! SATURDAY, JAN. 23.—Sun rises, 5.3; Sun sets, 6.54. THE FREEMAN'S JOURNAL. SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1864. 