KE AUTHOR OP THE SONG r 'JOHN PEEL.' ?We were somewhat surprised and jatified this week to receive a commu tation from the ttiltmted author (Mr. Him Woodcock Graves) of the well Sown and popular song' ' John Peel,' Kted from Caldew Villa, Hobart Town. Kissing1 bv some personal remarks of a Evate nature, we give un outline of jr. Graves's interesting lettor. He Eys lie was agreeably surprised the Iber day to have handed to him a Swspaper published at Wijrton, con Bining, we suppose, the notice of the ILines on the late John Peel,' which ttmeared in our columns, written by a Sentieman in the neighbourhood. He feyshe wrote the lines 'Did ye ken Ellin Peel with his coat so gray' fhilst a Mrs Porthouse was singing Is eldest son to sleep. Ho says it was in loor old Peel's presence that it was iritten and set to the old Scotch tune, Id that the old fellow wept wheu he jeerd it. I have concluded on lius writing to you first, and if I send a sketch of Peel, hounds, lorn, horse, -fcc, as vignette, and the iraple mu6ic and words, could you find riginal talent to make a finished draw jg and accompaniment ? Mr. Graves oes on to pay a flattering compliment j Mr. Gilbanks tor his lines on the nee famous old hunter, and says he at nee topk up his pen and wrote a Monody on John Peel,' which we ive below. 'This monody might lease some of my old sporting friends, S we have good music to it.' [Mr. Eraves's old lriends, though there will lot be very many now living, will be Ilad to hear that ho is well, happy, and lontented, and that he and his family Ire very prosperous. We are desired I remember him to any who may not let have forgotten him.] | Mr. Graves says he will offer ten Bounds for the best music to tho I Monody.' He fixes tho day for the lelection to be made for Christmas day fcext, and would take cure of fair play. t would, he says, gratify him to see a Jumbrian win. He thinks that a horn n alto should continue to close of ihorus, from ' view hollo,' &c;, to tho md of stanza, or, partially, all through he chorus. ' The exciting discord of i pack should dwell with tho composer, ! dare not attempt, or Pope would be ight, 'All discord is burmony, least inderstood.' ' | ' If you have patience to reac Ibis you ' may accomplish all Krourself. As I have another sheet to fcpen, I shall amuse some ot you by riving my. meeting with Benjamin Tefftrion, of Bulman Hill, when in New Zealand some eighteen or twenty 'eatB ago. I was ot Port Nicholas (Wellington), New Zealand, in, I thiuk, 1843, and sadly disappointed in some projects, so turned my head and hands to other pursuits (and tho ability to do this is more than gold in those colonies), nnd was then rather set fast for a lime ns there were few but mud and thatched huts (Mi Mi's, or Wories), and no one settled to 6te.idy business. One fine morning I had to pass round that fine hav on the side of thu town, and seeing a strange vessel, I enquired nnd found she was an emigrant ship, arrived a few days before, and on seeing a group of men on board at a distance, a pining thought of home crossing my mind, I went to them nnd enquired if any Cum berland persons had come with them, ns I supposed they had come with yonder vessel. It is not difficult to soon know each, others affairs hero, for they, wunting information, instantly told mo yes, nnd I earnestly heard all their wants, families, projects, and trust did them some good by warning or advice, while they severally offered to go and find either one Atkinson (or Armstrong) or Jefferson. I was soon pointed to the former. On going up to the ' worio' I heard a humming of children, and a stern voice call ' silence !' Ah ! thought I, that looks well, he has formed a school at once. An urchin ' keeked' at me through the door, when I enquired for the master, who stooped under the low doorway, primer in one hand nnd switch in the other. About twenty fine children came after him. He switched them back, and after a few ebbs nnd flows of tho titie of bairns, we could manage to speak. He said he camo from Castle Soweruy, was married, and was rather disheartened at the prospects before him. I was much interested, and advised and cheered him, but another overflow of children now took place and broke us off, he telling me whore to find Ben Jefferson, from Bulmnn Hill, and so they ebbed in again, when I loft him still thwack ing at his young and curious charges. Ben Jefferson, I said, as I pondered on ; the playmate of my boyhood near forty years ngo ! How shall I accost hi.j ? I had neare.i tho :- worie,' when I Eaw an old-looking man 'prop- ping,' as wo say, the door. He was dressed in fustian coat, and hairy cap ; that's Ben thought I, sure enough, but, dear me, an old man. Weel freen, said ho, whea or ye luiken for ? I said ono Jefferson, who had come in the last ship. Whey mey neame's Jefferson, what may ye want f Come in. Oh ! F was tenderly impressed to see a real nice, prepossessing and tidy wife, who stood in the middle of the floor, trans fixed like Lot's with a duster in ono Land. But I 00.1U read lionvy care in that comely face, and n fair blue-eyed boy (a Jefferson of my young days) was leaning on a tablo stealing an earnest look at me, while a clean, elder sister was looking from behind him. Come, sit ye down as yo can, said Ben, ye see we'se nobbut just landed ; ye mun excuse, and tak a box ns wo'so fworst tu till wo get summut better. An whea meyt yo be prey'c ? A'a think yer a stranger leyke oursels. How fan ye us out, or what may yo want 1 I said I had been in Cumber land, and wanted to make some in quiries. D'3'c ken owt about Sebram, interrupted he. 0 yes, said I, all of it. Go bin, then ye wad ken Bulman Hill, an my ladder Robert Jefferson, et used to deu o't parish consarns, nn't kurlc an't heways t He's deed, peer man, but prey what may be yer neame. The wile now moved towards us, walking as in a church, and the dear children were biting their fingers from anxiety. I evaded the question by asking of Joe the bacon buyer. Ben then continued: 0 he's deed' teaw, ye see my faddor meade a fair will, lad an lass meastly aleyke, however 0 bed seay uiuoh out o't la'au an it was selt an Joa» gat his, an went to Carel. But ye mun no mo, a' 6 Ben at used to plew. I said, 0, 1 had some remembrance, and asked after Christopher and the rest. He was amazed, nnd again risked, Wheay the duce ur ye ? Wat ye ken us 0. I still evaded, answering, and nsked if he knew Caldbeok, 'Eigh an every ypn in't — fra Rye breed 'lorn t't parsoa.' In short, I nsked him if he knew one Graves, John Graves, 6nid he, n'a think a'a did. My grandmother deet at his mother's at Wigton — best woman, 0 fwok said, at iver was o Sebrum. John Graves a'a could tell him by his swag ger to yon hill owr't bay. We hiked together when we were lads. He re counted some idle exploits, but I stop ped him, saying I did not think he knew him. 'Ben got up in a passion, saying, I might as well caw him a leer jn his oan ous, but the wife interposed saying, yes, sir, he di-l know him, and I did, partly. Did you knov John Gibson, of Welton, sir? I said I thought I did. Here the poor woman hid her streaming eyes in her apron, and the youukers shuffled towards her. Bon's metal was up, for he oontinued. didn't he wed Pwotesses dowter, of Wigton, nn hedn't lie't knirding mills at Cawdbeck, bitliuntit inair tlian kair dit — he was * fule that way— an then com out to Botny Bay, V. D. Land or somo otbur pleases lang sen, an a'a dar say he lied a canny hauful of them by what a'a seun see o this emigration ? but if ye telt me a'a didn't ken John Graves a'a wadn't meyn cawing a leer wheny iver, or wbereiver ye be. The wife again said she had often seen Mr. GraveB ride past her father's, on his way to Carlisle, that he was a wild kind of man, and that her father gave a feast ou their leaving, and at it some*onc said they would not wonder at their meeting him at some of those outlandish places. But I saw Ben was impatient to order me out, so I stepped towards him, holding out my hands, said, ' Ben, you must have forgot John Graves.1 He staggered back, hut holding my hands and looking at me as at a ghost, exclaimed, ' How awl ye lnik — niver !' and let go his breath. The rest ex pressed equal excitement; the kettle was ordered. Perhaps I am amusine; myself with that which no one will read, or I would tell tho (to me amusing) rast. Suffice, Ben was ill fitted for the state of New Zealand. I induced n German named Olsdorf to engage the lot to go on to the Hut River, to garden, and to manage some 200 goats. Oldsdorf was since killed by nn earth quake ; and on my - voyaging and travelling I have nevor since heard of Poor Ben nor his interesting family, though I still think of them with tender solicitude. Mr. Graves here gives us an amended copy of tli1* well known song, ' John Peel,' which wo shall give some day, and also a copy of the ' Monody.' 