THE FRENCH IN MEXICO. Mexico, Nov. 22,1803- I intend in this letter to he very chary of commentary. The mere report of the eventsjehat have taken place in this country during the month of November will confirm the opinions you have expressed iu regard to the political and military character of Ilia French intervention. I need not dwell upon the spurious and irregular character of the power established here, and called " the Regency,"' its absolute subordination to the chiefs of the French nriuy, its want of princijilcs, or better to say its disposition to abandon its own principles nnd adopt those of tlie foreign invader,and the consequent disgust amongthe most intolerant of the clergy party, whoseonly remaining duty is to execute, under the protection of the French Emperor, the instructions brought from Rome by Archbishop Libislida. We have daily quarrels between the chief of the Mexican Churrii and the chief of the French expedition, witnessing the iinpotency of Almonte and hiB colleagues to .raise a ghost of political order. No good has come yet of their ridiculous efbrts to make a false show of strength by means of monarchical ceremonies, while the true limits of their empire hardly extend now beyond the gates of the city of Mexico. A movement of the French nrmy began on the 22nd of October, and without opposing a serious resistance, the Government of San Luis has placed its troops in such a manner that they menace at once the French army and all the places between Mexico and Vera Cruz. Jurnez. instead of concentrating all liis troops at San Luis, or nn tlie road to the interior to prevent the advance of the expeditionary column, lias divided his army into several fractions, calculated to operate simultaneously on the flanks and rear of the enemy. The brave General Diaz, who acquired a great reputation at tho 6iege of Puebla, has succeeded in making an admirable movement. He started from Qjerctaro at tho head of a large division, and turning at a certain distance from Mexico, arrived fn the State of Puebla, where he was joiued by another division coining from Oafaen ; BO that at present he threatens with an army of ten thousand men the towns occupied by the French in the States of Puebla and VeraCruz. At the same time Colonel Ortega, appelated Governor and Military Commander of the St.ite of Puebla, left San Luis with a light brigade. These troops must join those that General Nigrcte organised at Zacapoaibla, to the north of Puebla, and operate in concurrence with Ge'ieral Diaz, manoeuvring nn the north of Ihe French lines of communication. The rest of tho army, under General Uraga, remains in Salamanca, and will be in the rear of the French if they intend to go beyond Queretaro. In the meantime the guerillas that swarm around the places occupied by the intervention, an 1 on both sides of the military line from Vera Cruz to Mexico, have occupied tho villages in the vicinity of that capital, and are in arms between Mexico ""d Vera Cruz, Near Vera Cruz the Mexican gnerr lias operate with astonishing ac. tivity. To tills state of things, perhaps, we must as , {act a,t tie O® 6 It from Mexico bcgm on the 22nd of Octo. "'fc..' not been sble to^vnnce adviince beyond_Qaere- (^erertsi' R ' I .HOAAHTTAD Tteich column Lasmetwith no "IrfMice <m the my. It. Its mobility may, therefore, ^SSmwl «t the rale of less than two co leagues a ,i >* e ®"^FrencU o'l^l vrpncU officers said tliat marcuipg milling to the we «5E5S stretching a ribbon till it T & i « broken "already. Tbellneof ^ ^nfMlion from Vera Crni Is permanently InpoinU.nn^lhpassanUs of the „ often disturb its continuity. • to remark How the extent of the iJp lias boon reduced since the tfnsndi, army ""rihedlo the interior.' Ail tbe towns to Vhich Srwnttai l>ad been extended i.. the state of SSiSK* been ataodoi.ed, with the .sole excep- ^ Se MPtwl- This i B H,e case with the ^Js^StVtto'fcot Una to tl.e;^puth of Sto«fid with ll'e important district of Tachuca. ^Mexican troops, therefore, hare re-conquered ^SwofZacap<>»fble and • ZacaUai), in tie fi«te oTp«eM.Itl.eioWn of Tlalfan. nine- miles ^Ae city of Mexico, and make daily incursions Znudi all tilt villus situated in this valley. At Zanm'tito 'ere mil detainments have been i ft the nower o£ the intervention is nominal and iirMarious. as. it disappears at the approach of any n» of tlie light guerillas wliich cross the country in 11 directions. This has been the case with Iguala, San Felipedel Ohrsxe, and several other " „s' which, although nominally occupied by the of (lie intervention, are a permanent source It tunpl'M for the Mexican guerillas. Tlie tletneuta seem to take part with the Mexicans, to make the communication difficult tetirecii Mexico and Veru Cruz. The road is impas- Bibleatdiflerents points, and the trains of waggons » delay of two or three days in going from Ojrijva to Orizaba, a distance of four or Ave iMifgues. Tlie French army, therefore, has not secured its military line, nor the possession of tlie towns that netet forth at subject to tlie intervention. The french are inressently alarmed by the incursions of liic guerillas, and by tlie hatred of the native popuistinn. When tlie expedition to the interior began to be^ carried iuto execution, it was necessary to nnfce larRC fortifications in Mexico, with the object i-Ktta' of restraining the inlinbitants of the capital than of misting the attacks from theoutside. The guerillas lmve recently taken some mules belonging In tlie army that were grazing in the fields near tlie city. The journal of the French in Mexico called 1 L'Kstsfctte' itself has declared the impolicy of the intervention against this kind of war. and advises) as the only remedy, the colonization nf the valley of Mexico by European immigrants.' It is easy to see that the remedy does not correspond to the urgency of the evil. > The sad state of the garrison of Tampico will be kno« n in Europe through direct correspondence from that port. The yellow fever had never before made ravages like those which have now reduced the French garrison to one-half of its original nunilicr. And besides the unhealthy climate, the port is actually besieged, and the Mexican guerillas are stationed even at the city gates. • Tlie guerillas of Vera Cruz attack all the trains tbat come out from tbat port. For one instance, the railway engineer, Mr Lyons, was mortally wounded, and Captain Lautrur and Lieutenant Crosne were killed. The guerillas also, after tereral successful attacks niiainst TIalpan, have taken permanent possession of that town, and the jnternationalnutiiorities found in itwere brought out by them and shot, ThB States free from invasion, that is to 6ay, almostall those forming the Federal Republic, continue their own military organization. Chihuahua andDurnngo have prepared' new contingents of troops. General Ortega is recruiting a new army with the utmost rapidity at Zacatecas, the nucleus of vhich will be the survivors of the defenders of l'uebla. who have arrived in great numbers at Zstecas, attracted by their brave and popular leader. The Government of Gaanaxuato increases the number of its National Guard, and even a insurrectionary movement seem e to he preparing among the Indian population. The victory of Zicapoaibla was gained bv the Indians of those mountains, commanded by a kind of military prophet, whose influence among the Zacapoaibls higlilanders lias no bounds. In speaking of the French defeats, that of Ozuloatnn must not pass unnoticed. You will find the official report among the enclosed documents, and by them you will we that tho Mexicans took a large number of prisoners, and all the French artillery and ammunition. Tlie army of the interior is commanded at present, by General Uraga, whose military skill contributed so much to tlie good organization of the Liberal troons, which finally defeated the reactionary array cfMiramon. Nothing can be more evident than the prccariou situation of the Government prematurely established in Mexico, and the irreeularand humbling character of its relations with the chiefs of the expedition. For example, Inns before General Forey returned to France, it was generally s:iid that he had received instructions to modify the policy adopted by the French Commissioners. The first actp of General Bazaine sought from the Regency a law putting an end to tlie seizure of property belonging to the Liberals and declarini; the validity of all rights in the Church property Fold by the Constitutional Government. Tlie creatures o' the Regency did. therefore, humbly eat all the words tliev had snoken in their five years' hattle as men of the re.i-- tjoiurr party against these very principles. The French Emperor is their master, and thev must lick tlieir dirt from off his 6hoes. The required law, therefore, was issued, but at the same time the Archbishop refused his signature as member of tlie Regency. He protested, he also devised with his colleagues a trick. In regard to the abandoned seizure It was agreed to replace it with complete condition of the goods of all enemies of the intervention,under the pretext thnt they were responsible fur dimnges caused by their resistance to Imperial authority. As for the rightB based upon sale of the Church property, a seeret <jrder was given to the judcci not to near niiv petition founded upon right of tint kind. Jliu artifice txiepcntrA General Bnzaine, and after some hitter conferences he ohliged Almonte 10 make a more solemn and explicit declaration on the n'rave mentioned noint'. He alto sent General TCeigro to the Departm?nt of Finance, whence the law was to emanate, with orders not to leave the place until tin decree w is published. After its publication the Arehwsliop issued a vehrmenent protest, sni the question neeomcs more and more difficult. In short, General MJZ line )>as forbidden Almonte nnd his colleagues jo issue any decree until it has been submitted for llie orevii.us approbation of the French Gonoral-in- Uncf. The spectacle of such degradation gives new heart and energy to the defenders of the invaded and insulted nation. They see the partv of treason poBtrate, and are doubly strong. Again the Mexican race is insulted every day by Ue intervention newspapers. They have endeavoured '"commend all the advantages of the Burnish •Jitom, according to which the natives of this country were excluded from all the public offices. "wjfcrendH piper called• L'Rstafctte' has published articles upon lie subject. nr^""" 1 ." reoent ^usea of grief to Mexico, few hBve S i i 80 dcep nn impression as the death, I jigni almost say murder, of General Commonfort. ' -.«»«at once Minister of War and Gcneral-inmim , h c Interior. One of the bands of t S S i b >' Mejia attacked him when he went c™\ h: "\ Luis to Querctsro accompanied by a small n™ ' at'c a struggle, in which he was overlowered by numbers, he fell covered with wounds, woera Comnnfort was respected, even by his adversaries, for the msgnanimity and generosity he had shown in the exercise of the E " 1 ^"ff- When all his enemies fell into his Sof^onJ.'™ frCe ' aDlJ ]aviBl)ed u P° n them » u or?.| l .L lhe J"'" 4 of tl,e Mexicans is yet nncrashea. Ev0n .;,„„ ^r et . aro the boys of the colleges fcqnested that tlje Be»»™ r .,' elr tLnnual P rizeB be applied to the exd ffl, r - Some 01, 1 men have prescetea tnernaelves aceompanied by their children, Asking to counh-,7 ® r ™' r ' bringing therefore, to the 3 the contingent of two generations. The oui i ft i w ? y880 , re "'' v t0 t,kn ^art in every gencr- VoW^f'- ^'"f'n the R^nenil enthusiasm. """Jtiplicd.and instances have c™" !? 1 ;;' 1 '! t ,ftse contributed large some •• The clergy also are represented by somehonorable exceptions in this great movement and there are priests in Chihuahua and Zocatecas, who have made public speeches to excite the people to defend jtbeir independance, and who condemn the abuse'of tbe name of JBcJigion bv the retrograde. Church, party, allied to tbe foreign enemy. There Is. ooj difference of classes in this general enthusiasm. JThe SPtench agents ceeking to produce disunion or «row another crop of treason for their profit, flatter ioblado with the probability that France irUi .liear f is propositions in behalf of the liberal party. But he has answered by a new proclamation, in which he declares that he' will resolutely support ihdependence'and constitutional government The news- •papers hare ' lately published the mote by ,vhich General Ncgrete imswered the invitation made. to liim to join the intervention. They expected from liim an unworthy desertion, oil account of Jiis for-, mer connection with the leaders of the reactionary party, but' tlie result has"proved tliat aU.the Mexican patriots without difference of-political opinions, are determined to fight for the independence of their country. I received just now a copy ofjthe Archbisliop's^protest You will find it.among the enclosed documents. I know also, by trustworthy information,' dint' the Archbishop has resigned the office of Begent. The 'resignation has been admitted, but not one of the persons that have been invited to occupy the vacant post has accepted. The aforesaid protest can give j'ou .in ijea of tlie symptoms of dissolution-that begin to be remarked in the provisional government. —' London Examiner.' 