FEW ZEALAND. OTAGO. tVrom our own Correspondent.) Duncdin, Monday, May 9. % _ ne.rs received here on Saturday :„„bv the Prince Alfred in respect °0nl 3pdorus goldfield, has .caused the excitement among all classes..] h Titanic left for Picton.on Saturday with every bertli: taken' up. "!'rc-°"iaC(l Phoebe are an-1 fpjp Gothenburg -rrd to leave for the new El Dorado {j^W Thcy are J? _be foHot'eed by pero and City of Uobart to morrow, Tqbvthe Omeo on "Wednesday. In. p Dnnedin bids fair to be almost! < -I'unilated early this weelr. The retail; C^e=foik ccinplnin bitterly that all their % constituents are seized with the Marlborough mania, and anticipate'being -v'o'rtlv left alone in their 'glory, with tkir "impecunious and indebted clients "vn their hands and on their .books, ci intense was the excitement, that the ycics had to issue two " extraor ciwAe" Saturday - forenoon, to .nncase the curiosity of the gobemouche fnicrnity : and this morning, shortly daybreak, the time-honored tfys-' ilK of the miner in town—the open I',see between the Provincial Hotel and ihe pest office—was occupied by groups knots of the thews and sinews ^otisly debating the pros and ■ cons of the .Marlborough goldfields. "lam an old stager myself and have | been an eye-witness in my time of many jsenseless stampede, of many a "rush," ^d of many a " reaction." 1 am: an old =tager, as I said, and have had the bene in other colonies as well as this of hidu" " extras," first, second, and. third editions, "sensation" headings, and all dinned at full length in my ears. I hnow before to-day, by hard experience, tie mobility of the miner, and how vivhrlng is the badge of all Ms tribe, SQ I therefore surprised at the extraor dinary proportions which the 'Picton jnsh is assuming? I am not; I am only apprehensive, as Mr Drummond swtld say, that it will prove a case of "more pigs than teats," and that a good deal of suffering will inevitably ensue, lam not disposed to take the events of tie past few days at one iota more tian their worth, but at a fair estima tion of the extraordinary exodus wMch ks taken place from this and neighbor is! ports, I cannot compare the number cf miners at present on the Wakamarina dkgings at less than five thousand, and tie information that has as yet come to bid does not lead to the inference that tie field as at present developed is opahle of supporting anything like that population; and to tHs has got to be added the pregnant fact that when the rater rain sets in hundreds of men will kreto leave their claims. I cannot do better than quote the sensible advice proffered in the letter of the special cor respondent of the Daily Times. It is fe deserving of the notice of "Victorian ni Otago miners. Writing from Picton | or. tie 2nd instant he says:— Provisions are very dear, and to some of I claims have to be carried on the back over sack execrable road for a distance of twelve | ail s. The steamer goes in five minutes, and Ixak not wait beyond giving this caution to fit Otcgo diggers, which is— not to attempt enisg here until the winter is over. If the rdtrrain sets in hundreds of men will have b tare i he ground. It will be impossible to ret their claims or carry their provisions. Asi the nature of the country is such that it be a long time before a track can be hrxei to pack up provisions on the ground. It;tot agiee with some who assert that the tnxiis already hair worked out ; but of tii/nn assured, that any number of diggers fcig Otago this winter will meet with bitter crgpointmenr. If I may be allowed such a daring i=cent as from a glowing gold discovery to a quarrelsome quill-driver, I should pi-hit as the man who is making the cost stir here at the present time to Mr J. G. S. Grant, of Argus letter Ming notoriety. This eccentric individual is the sole editor, proprietor tad vendor of an hebdomadal sixpenny ist, to which he has ambitiously given [ fe appellation of the Saturday Review, has which is no more like the London fierary journal of that ilk than—well, Sac a satyr is like a hyperion, Of Mr Grants Saturday Review it may fairly he predicated that it is unique in style and argument, not to be surpassed in the Estter of scurrility, and matchless ih End-throwing. It is in fact, not to hiace the matter, like nothing in heaven h earth, or the waters under the earth. Eat it is two things more—it is bought aid read. Although its policy may be roughly defined as out-and-out-anti fverybody-and-everything, and although 5 has excited the most strenuous hos *%- in many quarters, it still amply poudes for salacious tastes by the occa acnal grossnesses and frequent per fonalities in which it indulges, and hence 6 really considerable circulation. What ™ik you of the following exquisite bit of criticism ? Is it not enough to make hickens et hoc omne genus quake with apprehension, and even to cause poor ] totckeray to turn in his coffin ? ?e£P"e rhe prating of the daily, and j ^ and monthly journals, Thackeray J sor '• a star of the first magnitude in the i Eituent of our literature." Be was no star a,- n°n'-" -an epke:ii< ral rush-light. IVe •s* ,, C3riltsa that we shall not, take him h'e'do1"'■" •'°'°n '00'c uPnQ hia like again." i.ii- wish to 6ee such anothtr twaddler] tt I ra^e literature. Both he and Dickens, °tnne genus, will one day be quoted ' r . °] barbarism of this iron age. Why of (I c.e ky steam, works similar to those en .'J miserable fry. Birmingham is quite go . °r 'hi'. It can weld the coarrst raw 6uch as are u=ed by these men, vespectalole parlour folio3 for the Th»n 'a' fumsements of vacant fools, erary poverty of the age is quite alarm ijj ^U'U8'a almost extinct. The saucepan nti'i ceI>eor is the Bymbol of our li'.e Ei'k6' as well as of our religion. How to '3 'he grest secret of all labour, and mental. Shades of Home -i a Burns, what say you to this f f , Grant is not at all bashful, and : 11B " SamE^e ktis self-assertion :— j "ash' 'a'f,r3 v,e go through are enough to (i,. a 6'rong man down to the caverns of cns'i . .!iur constitution is indeed an iron lb v. -" ' hints and iron can be broke te "tain.work i * ""Man., ^ aPPear everr week in the EiV-it it 19 iournal will sood, very soon, "u seen and felt. We know we need or sympathy. It re htath ™any sixpences to keep up the ttcbn, in our publication. Advertise 't(n«am'e are aluiost none. We have been "'oadtb aimost none, wetrav the tee- aGoth by the government and by totrm',Canl . c'ass- -hey buy the paper, not rage it, but because their inward cou ^em that it speaks the truth, tt-eA .ae5" will not own it. They are inter \- eood ^eath, therefore one copy will serve thev h,many- Hany take copies but plead ff,. ♦ Have nnt nkon... u..k Ml :~ Ttet i."" not change, but will pav ogJiin ^ tllat we ca Q, , - cannot remember every eP a caa^ account for every tix rftal!v*1^ere are> however, many who iM?®ake conscience nf ,,n» nt.lr bv. consc>ence of not only buying, W1"8, this journal, but also fort, j. c.0Dlrthuting tbeir znite for i's sup Roarer ir n°' a EeecQly sptctaelefor men ; nSin wealth to see and to b.now ^ deatv" 5c^l0'ar 111 Zealand ia woirird hboj . 8 "cor, both with bodily and uun'al fcnt^ence in the Saturday Hevicvj, ^ *ho ^ " w^ose JS their belly, j ^ig Tun S'r,ry in their shame," and prey, \ ki[-eon the livf-r of the public 1 t{c' arifl ^ cprtJiin1y did »xpecfc better treat thtn°re Senero»ily at tiro bauds if] . inose tp -ft'e sead vwr pap§r, However"1 lSP°tmen, ?£ 0Ur citizen readers.1 dl X . that . pass. It will ba ?i- -TTr me *°Do hundred thin 111 V ra" years after shall- ihen be mingled with sn ep upon a thousand hill, nor stores of knowledge, nor talents, nor genius, will avail to shield us from that moat certain fate. But non omtiis moriar—we sball .not.be altogether forgotten, for " the memory of the just is blessed, but the~haiae of the wicked ohall rot." Moral worth shall never die^ . And at the risk of tiring your readers with Mr Grant I must give yon a little of his "scorching sarcasm" apropos of a recent ministerial crisis, out of his own advertising columns ! _ Wanted, the public of Otago to know that its representatives have quietly and meekly swallowed their own dust, and re-instated the Sick ministry into its time-honoured sinecure skip, as a very convenient old dishclout to wipe the rust off the frying pan of Otago. Wanted also, the people to know and to understand distinctly that Tommy Dick and Johnny Giles are the only men df mind in the Council—that the rest of the members are only dancing satyrs and corybantes -around the" political shrine of harlequin Dick. . If I dont give yon much news from our own gold fields it is for much the same reason that Tfiburina, in the Critic could not perceive the Spanish fleet. Things are relatively just as dull up The country as they are in town, and the amount of our last fortnightly escort, which came down on the 3rd instant, .22,56-5 ozs 5 dwts, is likely soon to suffer a severe diminution by reason of the hegira of such numbers of the gold producing class. Apropos of the recent exodu3 of Otago miners to "Victoria, it is refreshing, however, to e find that an old identity penny paper, the Dunedin Daily News, has made the safe discovery that they (that is the Victorians), were the terong men. The italics are those of the writer of the article in question, who thus proceeds:— It is not Victorians we want here, so much as men freBh from the old country. Emigra tion to this province languishes. It has never been what it ought to have been ; especially has thi3 been the case daring the past two yt ars, when we might have reasonably counted upon a great accession of to our population from Great Britain. Lately it has been almost nil. The population we need is not of the eort which is leaving the province. Nothing but a healthy system of immigration from the old country will avail us, and it is high time that some earnest and strennou3 measures were taken to attract it hither. Did the ingenious scribe who penned the above precious sentences, I wonder, ever hear of a-certain instructive fable under the title of " The Fox and the Grapes?" . .. The owners of the barque Vectis, which arrived here a few days ago from Glasgow, have been mulcted in heavy penalties for breach of the Passengers' Act. The penalties and costs against the master of the unfortunate vessel, Captain" M'Caskell, ■ have amounted to 1.529. The gossip-mongers of Dunedin have within this few days had a rich dish of scandal to digest in the shape of an action in the Supreme Court, Potter v Cargili, for L500 damages for assault and slander, the defendant in the case being the wife of one of the principal merchants in this town, and the plaintiff a servant in her employment. The evidence brought forward did not tend to show that Mrs Cargili had been quite as affluent in the quality of patience under the " greatest plague of life" as was Griselda of old among her various trials ; and the jury having listened to the details of various acts of battery, committed with a stool and bucket, mulcted this Amazonian mistress in L40 damages. Among the snippets of news which I gave you in my last letter, I think I forgot to mention that a magisterial in quiry had been held on the 15th April, at the Court House, Hamilton, on the body of Benjamin Wade, a baker, aged 60 years, who died in Hamilton Jail on 14th April, being en route from the Donstan to Dunedin for medical treat ment as a lunatic. Verdict—natural causes. Deceased was brother to Mr Wade, of the firm of .Wade and Gowan, of Melbourne. Saturday, May 14. The week that has just closed has | been a busy and exciting one with us. In round numbers some two thousand | miners have left our shores during the past week for the Felorus Goldfield. On Tuesday last about 700 left for Picton by the City of Hobart, Gothenburg, and the Queen steamers. Some of the ship owners have, it may be supposed, reaped a rich harvest, and the Gothenburg is said to have cleared over L2000 by two trips to the newly-discovered El Dorado. Our wliilome much-vaunted West Taieri Goldfield may now be pronounced to be literally-in articulo mortis. It does not now boast of more than a handful of miners, say fifty at the most, whose wants are most competitively and care fully supplied by some fifteen store and shanty-keepers; sic transit gloria Taieri. The Dick Ministry resigned office on Wednesday last, in consequence of an adverse vote ot the Council on the pro posed appropriation for twelve months. The organ of the late Provincial Secre tary, the Daily News, states that this is a calamity, but the general public does not view it in the light of one. There is a famous warning of Burke's about "the mischief of not having large and liberal ideas in the management of great affairs,'" and the verdict pronounced by the great bulk of thinking men on Messrs Dick, Gillies and Moss, is "not strong enough for the place," conse quently we have had a ministerial crisis for the last three days. Mr Julius Yogel and Mr Paterson have both been sent for by his Honor the Superintendent, and the latest news is that Mr John Cargili has undertaken the task of form ing an Executive, and it is expected will succeed in doing so. In the mean time the Council, pending negotiations, has adjourned till Monday. There are not many local items of importance. BeWs Life in New Zealaivl, never other than a ricketly literary bantling, has given up the ghost after six weekly (which you may with justice spell two ways) issues, its editor is " off to Picton." An adap tation of Miss Braddon's novel, the Captain of the Vulture, was produced at the Princess's with much success, on Monday last. Mr Clarence Holt has been the playwright on the occasion. The attendance at the theatre has fallen off very much of late, and Messrs Holt and Wolfe, it is said, give up the lessee shin about the middle of August. Mr Bolt, although a good enough manager, is not up to the mark as an actor, and can hardly be pronounced r etas homo in recto loco. Had we a Barry Sullivan here wielding the dynasties of our one theatre, the speculation must prove an excellent one. It is to be hoped that the new lessee will appeal to public sup port with a stronger company than Dunedin has seen latterly. Monday, May 16. The arrival of the Scotia steamer yes terday afternoon put us in possession of later news from, the Wakamariua. She came into the port about noou? and her; twenty-one passengers were immediately besieged on all bands with anxious en quiries. The Geelong also arrived about 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon," and this morning the Gothenburg has; come in. The news, on the whole, may be pro nonnced as anything but encouraging. It appears, that the field is at present over-rushed far beyond its capacity, and that all miners "arriving now has to turn prospectors. One very intoxicated indi vidiial, a returned steerage passenger by the Scotia; with whom your correspondent fell in, delivered himself to that favored individual'of'the following affecting allo cution :—" There's quite' enough people there till they, cat down some trees!" The Nelson correspondent of the Daily Times says of the new El Dorado :—: " Por the present the "Wakamarina is no place for a large number of diggers to emigrate to, in order to find gold in pay able quantities f and the following note of warning has been sounded in the columns' of the Marlborough Tress:— i To the Editor of the Marlborough Press. \- Sir,—We are experienced miners, and have i visited the Wakamarina, the ouly spot where gold has yet been discovered in paying quan tities, and request you to allow space to inform all intending diggers that there is not suffi cient ground" for half the men now on the diggings, and to warn them of the utter folly of men leaving other provinces end occupa tions for gold in this. Yonra, &c;, : J. H. Wilson^ AVii Londen. If therefore, in the face of such state ments given by disinterested parties this insane rush coutinues, those who go must be prepared to put up with all consequences. The escort, which after "all may be looked upon as the truest test, is at present very modest." It brought down to Nelson on the 9 th inst, only 850 ounces. The penny Daily News came out this morning curtailed of ;its hitherto fair proportions, In an- editorial on the sub ject, it is stated that "in order to accom modate itself to the present depressed state of business in liunedin, the pro prietary have been reluctantly, compelled to " take in sail.".. The paper, which has been in existence some six months, has always belonged to the "cheap and nasty " order of journals, and its entire cessation and obliteration would by no means be regarded as a Provincial calamity, • Mr Miller, the hon. member for Oamaru is spoken of as the new Provin cial Secretary. The Aldinga just arrived as I close this. Tuesday Evening, May 11th. , I take advantage of the departure of the Aldinga, with the English mails, to morrow, to. keep yon au courant with the latest items of intelligence. The Provincial Council assembled this afternoon at two o'clock, when the fol lowing Executive was announced by message from his Honor the Superin tendent Mr James Paterson, Pro vincial Secretary ; Mr Henry Clapcott, Provincial Treasurer ; Mr"; Henry John Miller, Secretary of Public Works; Mr John Cargill and Mr James Adam, without office. . : This escort arrived in town this after noon, bringing 17,172 ozs. 1 dwt. of gold. " " The Gothenburg, which arrived here from Picton yesterday morning, with twenty passengers, sailed again for that port this evening^ with no less than two hundred and eighty-five pf our miners errant in addition to ten in the cabin. The continued drain on our population is causing noJittle apprehension in com mercial circles. . Alhambra just telegraphed as I close this letter." 