MISCELLANEOUS. Two countrymen visiting the menagerie of , the Jardin des Plantes, in Paris, and coming to the elephant, one of them exclaimed, 'What is that? ' ' Why, that's the elephant to be sure.'' said a person standing by. ' 'Oh! that the elephant,' said the countryman-; then, .turning to his companion, he added in an undertone, '* but how stupid these people are, the? feed him by the 'tail ! ' Gextceuan and No Gentleman. — The late vicar of Sheffield, the Rev. Dr. Sutton, once'said to the late Mr. Peach,' a veterinary surgeon, 'Mr. Peech, how is it you have not called on me for your account? ' ' ' Oh,' said Mr. Peich, ' I never ask a gentleman for money.' * In deed;' said the vicar, ' then how do you get on if he don't pay?' «? Why,' replied Mr. Peach, ' after a certain time I conclude he is not a gen tleman, and then I ask him.' A-NtGRETTi FtKECE. — The GrenvSk Advocate mentions that on Mr. Baird's station on Mount Bute, Linton, 61b 2oz of fleece were taken from a lain b the produce of a Negretti ram. There are how about 700 lambs of the same breed on the station. The above fact is very important, as showing what may be done by a little judi cious enterprise. It is calculated that Mr.-Baird will derive from .this and the adjoining station an income of £14,000 per annum.' LoOKtNG FOR A SITUATION UNDER GOVERNMENT — Petroleum V. Nasiiby writes that he had an interview with the President lately, which ter minated thus: — ' Is there any little thing 1 kin do for you?' ' Kothin' particular. I wood accept a small post orfis, . if sitooated within ezy range uv a distillry. My politikle dazs is well nigh over. Let nie but see the old party wunst tnour iu the asendency. Let these old ize wuusj. moar behold the cohstitooshun iz it iz the Uneyun ez it wuz, aud the nigger ware he out 2 be, and I will rap the mantel of private life around .me, aud go in2 deli rim tremens happy. 1 hev no ambisbeu. I am in the seer and yeller leef. These whitiu locks, these sunkiu cheeks, warn me that age and whiskey hev dun their puffek work, and that I shall soon go heuts. Linkin, scorn not my woids. I hev sed. Adoo.' Effect of Treks upon Climate. — We learn from Chamber s Joam-il^ «-f the 28th May, that the nuisery gardens at Kew have lately been raising young cork trees, which are to be sent iu glazjd cases to South' Australia, where the colo nial Government intends to form plantations of that useful tree. 'I he Island of Ascension, once hare and desert, has beeu planted from Kew with trees, shrubs, and grass, all of which thrive, and under the influence of which the climate of the island is much ameliorated. This remiuds us that since the growth of the trees planted in Lower Egypt, light showets of rain have fallen, a phenomenon uever witnessed in that couulry, by even the oldest inhabitants.' We may add that India is indebted to the Kew Gardens for the ^inchoha, the young plants having been brought originally from Peru, raised in the nur series, and from thence forwarded to India. There are already .360,000 plants of cinchona in the Neilgherries, 8000 on the slopes of tbe Himalaya, and 22,000 in Ceylon. About 10' mouths ago two gentlemen of San Francisco laid a wager by which one of the par ties was bound to the following conditions : — If the Federal forces did not capture Richmond within 30 days from that date, he was to give his opponent a single, sound, eatable apple ; if Richmond held out 60 days, he was to give him two apples, and so on doubling the number for each mouth until Richmond was taken — to the end of time, if that event should not occur be fore. Nine months have passed since the first apple was handed -over, and the list of apphs delivered at tbe end of the successive mouths .is as follows: — 1, 2, 4.8, 16, 32. 64, 128, 256— total, 511\. Thus far it i6 all a good joke, and the loser has paid forfeits regularly, with a good grace, but the last payment, luiued a 10 dollar piece to meet the demand ; apples are 15c to 20c per lb, and it took a 501b box. Should Rich mond hold out a year longer, his last payment would cost him 40,900 dollars, and he wuuld be 81,900 dollars out; in three months more he would be out 686,340 dollars; and should the war last as much longer as it has already lasted, no country on earth could meet the terms of the wager, even allowing it to be reduced to a cash basis. — American Paper. The Spirit-rapping Imposture Exposed. — The editor of the Glasgow Herald, in a recent issue of that journal, says: — Some sixteen re putable gentlemen of this city clubbed together, and resolved, if possible, to find the truth or falsehood of the ' spirit matter' out. They applied to the ' Marchall mediums,' in London, but the head of that enterprisiug firm decliued to make her appearance in Glasgow-, on any terms, although she recommended. an American r. substitute, of the male sex, ' warranted to be more highly favoured in spiritul matters' than even ' the celebrated ' mediums' abovenamed. In due time this distinguished person made his appearance in Glasgow; he attended above a dozen ' seances,' public and private, aud the result is now before us in a pamphlet written by a gentleman who also attended. ' Seance ' No. 1 took place iu presence of twelve witnesses. But the spirit medium was evidently not in good spirits, and this important fact being, as a matter of course, well known to the super naturals present, the spirit of George Fox, the Quaker, indicated through the proper channel that he (the medium) ' was not in a favourable physical condition for manifestations that even ing, and must^not perform.' . The medium took this advice, aud did nothing. The second 'seance'. opened witha 'slight tilting of the table,' and then certain names were written on slips of paper and folded up, when the medium 'guessed' the nature of the writing, and was correct' two times out of three. After this, one of the gentlemen was informed that tins spirit of his sister was present, and without shading his hand or hiding the motion of the pencil, he wrote the words, ' Are you happy ?' This ques tion was objected to, however, by some of tbe company as being too common, and because the medium was sitting directly opposite, and ob serving the motion of the writer's hand. Acother questiou — namely, 'Is spirit rapping untrue?' was therefore substituted ; aud in this instance the hand aud pencil were carefully concealed while the query was being written down. But the ghost-sister felt deeply indignant at the substitution, and replied— through the medium, of coutse — that she would not answer the second questiou, but the first, which she did, or he did, by writing, »? I am happy.' Several questions were written down after this tu such a-manner that the medium was left iu the dark regarding their contents, and the attendant spirits left him in the same predicament, for in not a single iustance.was a -correct answer given. Then Mr.' Medium proposed 'some physical manifesta tions,' but the spirits were evideutly out of tune, and, moreover, the table was heavy weight, so that nothing whatever was done. At the third meeting u rickety 'pembroke,' with pro jecting ' flaps,' supported by brackets, was sub stituted for the solid dining table ot the previous evening, and for a few minutes the ' pembroke' danced about on its four ' pins' at an amazing rate. While this was going on, the legs of the medium were under the table, and his hands resting upon it. He was narrowly ivatched.and when the table moved again, the knee of the medium was discovered to be in contact with one of the brackets --f the 'pembroke.' Then a learned doctor who was present sat down under the table in order to make assurauce doubly sure, and this put an eud to the manifestations at once. The table, in short, stood stock-.-till when the medium was watched, and after » time the poor mau gave in, protesting that 'spirits required faith, and finally he declined to pro ceed any further that eveniug. The weary woik went on from night to night till the last scene or 'seance' of all. On this eventful evening the spirit of one gentleman's father was summoned, aud in -due time it signified its pre sence by a ??tilting' of the table. The geutleman sat opposite the medium, and allow ing the latter to watch the movements ot his baud while he app'aieutiy wrote the words, 'Are you happy?'' though iu reality the question wiittcu was 'Are you hungry?' the spirit, with out a moment's hesitation, said '-lam.' Then the gentleman wrote down, ' Have you seen my mother, and is she hungiy?' and 'ihe ghost, nr rather the medium, replied, 'I h-\ve, and she is.' Then followed the question, '-Are all, then, hungry iu heaven?' aud the spirit of his father answered 'Yes!' Question No. 4 was tlieu written down in (he following shape : — ?' Is the medium a gross humbug ?'.aud immediately the spirit rapped out an imp-Uient 'Yes! ' and when the question was repeated a second time 'Yes' was returned still more emphatic than the first. The questions and answers were then deliberately read over iu the presence of the hobusst-d medium, and the poor mau, we are informed, looked un utterable things. (From the Home News ) The Fiery Star sailed on the 6th August from Qil'-ensstown to Queensland. Cnptain Yule, com mander. She contains 433 souls. Divebs have again commenced operations on the. wreck of the lt'iynl Charter, in Aloe lira Bay, aud lately, in one day, they brought up 83 sove reigns, on another 20, and on niiother 8. Owing to the scarcity of water, 100 milU sup plied by the corporation have b^-en stopped at Halifax; aud the corporation baths which 2000 used weekly, have been stopped for the prcseut. Tub harp, one of the most historical of in stiuments, is ab--ut to be introduced, it is said, iuto Church of (£u-;laud choirs. Several prelates of authority have considered the poiut involved most favourably. The Liverpool people are going to hold a b»ztar iu St. George's Hall, the proceeds of which will be devoted for the benefit of the Con fedrate prisoners iu the Northern States. It is snid that the list of lady-patronesses is already well filled with influential names. The gross amount of fire insurance duty col lected last year was, iu England and Wales, £1 502.214 5s lid ; Scotland, £129,043 2s lod ; Ireland, 83 865 17s 91. The total amount of fanning stock that is insured was, in Euglund, £67 034.505 ; Scotland, £3,691,980 ; aud Irelaud £1.055,944. The vast tide of emigration which has flowed ceaselessly for so long a period from the southern shores of Ireland h;ts at length subsided. The steam vessels which were usually crowded, now depart almost empty, aud the emigration ageutg have considerably reduced their charges, but without efiect. A benevolent lady has fowarded, through Messrs. Hoare, the bankers, to the National Lifeboat Institution the very munificent dona tion of £-5000 in aid of the general purposes of th-i society. This l-tige sum will enable its committee to plice eight or nine additional life boats on the coast. Tuesafe return of Dr Livingstone to England has ii (for. led great satisfaction to all who t»k« anjT interest in the Afiican expeditions. Lord I'almerston invited a ci;cle to meet the distin guish explorer at dinner. He is in excellent health, and has declared his determination to devote his life to the subject which hitherto en grossed so much of his time — the extinction of slavery. At the Alhambra, in Leicf-ster- squ-ire, Mrs. Margaret' Douglas, an Austrnlian, is peifoiming Captain BaiclnyV feat of walking 1000 miles in 1000 hours, She is a wiry little woman, about 42 years of age. A uiised platform runs round the building, and it takis 19 peregrinations to complete the mile. She walks briskly, but seems a little tremulous in her gait. On August 22. the lady had completed one-half of her arduous task, and appeared, alter li- r 500 mile w^lk. as fresh as when she oommeuced. A great deal of interest is felt in p'-dejtria'i and oilier circles as to the prolicide termination of this extiaordi naiy undertaking. Lord John Manners has male a most sungeF tive speech to the Leicestershire Agiicultural Society. He sla ted the doubt whether, consi dering the average prices obtained for wheat of late ye:irs, the farnieis ind nut paid too much attention lo its cultivation. He was iucliued slowly and by degrees to trj* other crops, and re commended Leicestershire farmers to tiv at least five. acres of 11 rx There seemed no limit to tbe demand for th;it plant, which would grow toleiably on any deep dry soil, ami which yielded a mean profit of some £9 an acre. Wool, too, was paying admirably, ami these high prices might last for a considerable time. 