^ocal m\ag. CsotfDED Out. — Owing to an nnusstd pressure oh our advertising columns we are compelled to omit aevasUettegB, advertisements and MmrnnniiHtinna, ' Tbe Electimj.— On fe«tnrd»y evening Jart,. itc Macpbtason addiesediiw dectOrs, atlthe Victoria lalliard Bjfloon. Be jrent «rar ^ie topics of the Say sat consiasrafle length, and answenea « ^ooouy wanner ot qnestionB. a vote of confidence was;jH!0O08ed by 'Mr. X Wilson, seconded by Mt ftam, and carried vnaniimcmsly. TheomalTDteof thanks to the chairman, Mr. Johnson, terminated BiBTOWeea WsstEYAN Choech. — ^Tie jubilee ser mon will be preached this evening at the Wesleyan Church, by the Rev. X S. Waugh ; and, to-morrow evening a public meeting -will be held, when addresses will be delivered by several reverend gentlemen. Lotteries and Uaffees. — Our consci entious Attorney-General has authorised tlie publication, in the Government Gazette, of the following notice, which we commend to the attention of all wh)m it may concern : — -' Gam bling for religious, charitable, aod other pur poses, by means of raffles, has latelv been carried on to 3 considerable extent in Melbourne and in various parts of the country. The putlic are informed that all lotteries, except raffles of a private nature, or for the distribution of pro perty amongst the owners thereof, or for some work purely of art, are illegal, and that the po lice have been instructed to take proceedings against all persons who -violate tbe law in tins respect Baffles for works purely of art are illegal, unless notice thereof be given to the Attorney-General and be not disallowed by him within one week after such notice. — «eo. HlGcrSEOiilAM, Attorney-General, Grown Law Offices, Melbourne, 27th September, 1S64. The Comisg Cue. — Shearing to the northwards is now universal, and in tbe neigh bourhood of Hamilton washing and other arrangements for an immediate commencement are going on on most stations. Tlie Melbourne correspondent ui the Star says 'the clip is likely to be exceedingly heavy this present season, on an average 15 per cent, in excess of last year's growth. The lambing season was also most productive, and fewer casualties are recorded than in almost ,. any previous season.' We ore inc]ined-*o #vnk that -lids estimate of 15 per Trent, on lagt^eaioai's dip will not be realised. 3?ie_clifiMftyeor~»« genetillr estimated by those best £ble to judge teliye b«m B&oirt; ten per coat, above 'the average: 35a many ; cases this was in a great measure attributable -to the fact that tiie shearing was a month or so late, so that the wool had thirteen months' growth. But this very circumstance will operate against the present clip, which will be only eleven months growth. The abundance of feed and the favourable weather may make this up, but it will hardly do more. GrOFEESaiENT LaJTD SaJJS AT CiSTEH ton, — A sale of Crown Lands is announced in the GoeernmaO, G-azetU to take place at Caster ton on 1st November, to be conducted by Mr. Lindsay Clarke. The land to be sold consists of 23 allotments, 2 roods each, in tbe township of Casterton, and 23 country allotments of fruni 40 to 80 acres, each situated between Sandford and Merino. Full particulars will be published in our next issue. In JIemoeiam : the Late W. Eobeet son, Esq. — As noticed in a former issue, the funeral of the late Mr. Itobertson, Wando Vale, took pluce last week. Tbe funeral serrices were conducted by the Rev. Mr. Graham, Prcsbvte riim Minister, Castertou, assisted by the Bev. Or. KusSL-U. Ou Sabbath last, the Rev. Mr. Graham officiated at Casterton, and took for his text, Job xiv. 10. — 'Man giveth up the ghost, and where is bet' We have been kindly favoured with the following concluding paragraphs of the sermon : In drawing these rcmarkB to a close, permit me to lay before you some faint memorial of Mm whose loss we arc called this day to mourn. Toos.ua Clinrcb and people, be haa left the life and tbe doiagfi of years to spcuttohiB tofly, benevolent, enterprising virtue Ab all the mightiest influences in the universe are the most (silent, so tbe influence which be exerted could only be discovered and appreciated by those with whom he lived and acted in closer association. His character w«6 bused on an intellect of shrewd pene tration and foresight ; on a temperament singularly active and persevering; and on affections warm to family claims, eager to give happiness to nil, and sus ceptible of deep emotion. Wide Is the chasm which has been created In the circle of his family and friends. His sympathies were tender and unconSned. He entered deeply into the state and circumstances of the Buffering and destitute. Bis hand was ever ex tended and open to Bncconr and assist; and, though it was unostentatious hi its mode, yet many can testify how lie scattered the gifts of a pare and nn oonfincd munificence, and -wiped the tear from the eye of sorrow. We deny not that the relations which he sustained to society and to tbe world involved claims and responsibilities from which nothing could relieve him. But there are higher relationships and mightier claims. We are milted to God as well as to man :— to eternity as well as to time. It follows then that tbe Interests of religion are of prime importance ; *nd to theseour lamented friend was not nnmindnu. Called upon ^to attend him almost dally during Ms Innesa, I had frequent opportunities of observing- the way in Trtuch bj- .attended to tae things which per $smed to.jusjBteriial wtffa'1 { iJpnrinft jeHajonB.peg-j (?A««AaaApbHl%awlB*l*IHnHIIW*aflaKlieui|H^B-mfeimKXUB -solemnKJTjT the occasion.— He severa) times *3ded-ia *fervSB3*AjneB*- ^ 'the i-«iaS?5reaeiitE4to the throne of grace. On a lear being 'expressed that ^' jxcrcjsea HlKKUd,pn)vetoo much ior him, he reitera ted Kia great ardonc, 'Stag, sing 1 May, prayl' Some of Ms expressions Were to thefouowing-eflect: — 'My tmst lain Christ; my hope is In Bis atoning death; none but Christ; Be is ever with as; Be is our Saviour and oar Bedcemer.' The facility with wulch he quoted passages of Scripture was somewhat remarfcablc Of these die following were often quo bedbynlm: — ^'Hevill never leave me; never, never forsakemc. 'IjO! Iamwithyoualway; Chistls pre cious; He hatti redeemed ns from the curse; JUord, now letteBt Thou thy servant depart in peace accord ing to Thy word.' On reading one or two hymns, he seemed to enjoy that appropriate and beautiful one comxn£QCi]ig;thii&: ? ** 'the hour of my departure's come ,- I hear the vUee that calls me home ; At last, O Lord! let troubles cease, And let thy servant die in peace.' On one occasion be repeated almost the whole of it with bat little assistance, ana requested me to read it to him again and again. By these and many other expressions he evinced that his mind was seriously urnlne to that foundation on which oar hopes shonld be built, both for time and eternity. Towards the close, he more than once expressed a desire that no thing shonld come between him and Christ. UDon which these beautiful lines were repeated :— 'Sun of my soul ! thon Saviour dear. It is not night If thou be near ; Oh ! m»T co earth-born cloud arise To hide Thee from thy servant's eyes. Abide with me from morn till eve - For without Thee 1 cannot live ; Abide with me when night 18 nigh. For withont Thee I dare not dieT' Be has now cone to & world where our sympathies cannot reach him, and where he will never mote be dependent upon them. But we can sympathise with those whom he has left behind to deplore his loss. Ve tender to diem onr most heartfelt condolence. May the Father of mercies, and the God of all com fort, pour the balm of consolation Into the wounded spirit ; give them the illumination— a salvation of His spirit, eo that He who has the ieve at death and the unseen state may st last open to them the kingdom of heaven 1 To you, my dear friends, let me say that this dispensation sneaks as with a voice from heaven, lethints I hear someone eay: 'It Is solemn to die.' tis solemn to die, but it is no less solemn to live Your life will give character to your death, while both our life and your death will determine your destiny or ever in the world to come. Yoaare now taking on those elements of character which will perpetuate their existence through eternity, and render that eternity to yon a state of Ineffable brightness «nd Jessedness.or of unchangeable darkness and distress. Each of us has a work to do open earth, and to do it effectually we must resign ourselves to the guidance and teaching of God's holy spirit. I*t me plead with yon, tiien, to nuke sure work of an interest In Christ. Nothing short-of this will befennd totem effectual preparation far: ileatn. -Oh ! look to His cross and ive. Believe on Him, wad be saved. By the precious blood of:JesnB-*y die presence of tie spirit that sancqfles ana mates meet for heaven-by the glories of that InSaortaJUy lncnjifch the redeemed live— by the wordi of yonrowmfleSuew Boaht-*y the short ness OT Hme-rby~the certainty .of «Jeath-lry all the dreafimaianD^a1)lcn^t^c-tlw|ottu^—l beseech yon, *sto the presence Of God Jtnd.HlB elect angels, udbTthe cowing ofHiB Son to judgment to give liecroa«tf Ohrfit There^odwa learn 3mjr. Jofile fliid-|hj!&iluirw; 4bHHeln Gofl andforOb4 «Si 'Vbte iiew ^Knd Jdgber Jtfe Is^tferfectedte'lieaycal -UXEtmejs laiet ; pnr days -arefew? How «reat a uorUon of our time }»»^»««-^aTeoeBB,in«nim* as Stelr .only tendency U to Incapacitate ;tbeBund for laglier and more BratonB purstdn,or aevoted excluslvety to thepriise cnUan of objects, themselves «- evanescent wt^eUfe whtcb nasses away fa their acquisition ! How many of*K liave advaneea^o our present stage of fife— to ^en^.fif^T,or«Ixtrirears willioutevenyetBeriOMly ?Unfc&eaf; the great bnsinessOf -extstenee; enconrag ne a Aabit of calloas InQiffereuce to die warnings «nc( inritations of the Gospel; to the claims of God; to lie lore of Christ, and to tbe great work ot oor«aln tton. Oh 1 when we think -oT tlie greatness of the wort which we have to do, and the shortness of that time In which it mnst be done, abbreviated as it is by our thonrfuless and insane prodigality, sorely we most all feel the furccjof the 4pos3c-B admonition :— ttedeem the dme.^' Jr^izedie-peniafiiiBg* fragment. ***n°d?y'«id-»ifliont|-rajrer; tu-d through thr grace mnoeta-ngthflf God »eek to let mo day Imuss but in «och occupations .as would tie a fitting close to the days rf your healthful «etlvity, -or each as. if sno^eoly caUed %ence, ^survivors sdgbt xeiueraiber Trttb «ffec tlonate Interest as the last employments iof your earthlrpUgrtmage. FJnallr, howtoochlngirbesatOM stbe represeatatlon gtati of dettti InTSe book of l*^j~'Otfowet-iJn,}tlondsUg-.' The world wooMigiTOttaamMiritM power, TreBrh, disttnetton. Sodelres-aleep!' Oonjdiw«in toythuur better! ToglVe steep when the storm-is raging— to «ire sleep whensoasdsneets arraying a long«aUlogne oTiins -—toglveBjcep when evil angeU are torlm»to»vertnm oorconltdeneetnChrtBt-iotSve sleep When^eatJi Is approaching, wtren Judgment i- «thann. Oh! what |n ?'?*» '« more Bnitkbla? What more worthy f_Godt ot -what more predons to tbe sodII Jmownotmo«comfortuigworat,-wheaM!riartteir letagwtered In thTSckroom of '«« righbous, «r ire*2ieaovcT«n!lr*r»ves. latereryinootnercltog totiiemjtt tbe vtrjr jtle which Wats hinnrith lnse »«Ue links lothe dearest of Ws vanished fltatds. Lnalet those who ten Out tJieir DlIgimaeB tadrawing to aelo*e,*nd who look, wlsttnnf jSnd«omeain*to ain,lbrulearoiit)lneof thcieter country towhtoh : heyare^ouig, nsttteaiMli»ion amhwotglsiu these, : nnHUfrengthiB reoujicd, sn4 Ihe doadnpan over, ' ttaflHyl&^on-t^eff^Vt^^oWng^ttfoa in peace. Yea, 'God gives His beloved elecp.' Pry your tears ye that stand around the bed of the dring believer— the parting moment Is almost at hand— a cold damp is on the forehead— the eye is fixed— the pulse too fucblc to be felt. Are you staggered at such a spectacle! Kay, let faith do its part. The chamber is erouded with glorious forms. Angels are waiting there to take chArxn of zhf di&embodiea; soaL A hand gentler than any human is closing tbo&e; eyes, and a voice sweeter than any human tB whispering, sorely » God giveth nts beloved sleep.'1 * Mark the perfect man, and behold the upright ; for the end of man is peace.'' 'They looked: He was dead ; His spirit had fled— rainless and swift aB his own desire. The soul undrest, Vrom her mortal vest. Had stepped in her car of heavenly fire. And proud how -bright, . Were the realms of light, Jinrsttng at once opon the sight.' 