IT is gratifying to fiad that the anti-progressive polities of the present Ministry find few sup- porters among the candidates for eleotion throughout the country. To whatever quarter we turn, ampio evidence meets us of the fact that the condemnation oi the Qovernment is not only unequivocal, bat general. Judging from present indications alono, there is reason for the belief that their opponents will muster in the new Assembly an unexpectedly powerful array. Many objectionable members too will bo weeded out, and their places supplied by men of energy and intelligence. Wo republish to day a speech delivered by Mr. SCEWAET, of Wollongong, to tho electors in that district. It may be token SB a specimen of the views which a majority of tho new Assembly will ia all probability hold. The MARTIN Ministry seems to have made itself so exces- sively unpopular, as to havo called into political existence, men who regard opposition to it as a loading ar'iole in their creed. Every act of thoird has given risa to a burst of dissatisfaction ; j and even those acts which woroovidentiyintonded to conciliate, have only excited contempt. The roviow of their administrativo caroer, given by Mr. STEWART, aptly summarises their abortivo efforts at legislation. Tu nothing have they euc ceeded. To adopt tho vernacular of tho theatres, they havo not mido a sioglo hit throughout the season. They have ongnged a Star ac immenso expense, but b¡8 performances havo boon BO wretchedly bad, as to have disgusted the public, and shaken their conûdoncc in tho manage- ment. Their first pioco was the Tariff. After repeated attempts to produce it successfully, ott eaoh ocoasion1 with new scenery and effects, tfaoy «ero com palled to withdraw it. It waa uproarious!? damned by crowded houses, and in such a mao» nor aa to show, beyond a possibility bf doubt, that its fate was sealed. Their next attempt was a grand sensational drama, in any number of acta, entitled the Now O Immission. By their own confession, this perform ince was marred by such a succession of blunders as to have de- stroyed all hope of its proving a success. The scene-shifting was so clumsily managed that the audience lost all patience, while the shirt sleeves and paper caps of the carpenters wore so un I necessarily visible as to cover tho whole affair with ridicule. CertainI». the pio'o did not foil in produoiQga sensation.for thenumberof barbarous and uncalled-for mapsaores represented during its performance exceeded anything ever dreamt of by Miss BRADDON. The public actually supped on " OctoroonB." Then we were treated to a heavy little farce under the title of the Ocean Postage. It was confessedly a mere imitation of an English play, and consequently devoid of the slightest claim to originality. The plot was a9 meagre as could bo well conceived, whilo the action was so heavy as to produce a feeling of irresistible weariness. After baing forced upon the public for some time, it was at length withdrawn ; and the evident reluctance of tho management in taking this step furnished a clear proof of tho barrenness of their resources. And this is all we have had from the Star Com- pany ! They talk about a number of admirable things which they have ready for production, and they complain of the impatience of the public in not thronging to their doors to witness them. They must be fully aware of the fact that when once the confidence of the public is loat, it can never be regained. Let the impres- sion gain ground that certain performers are humbugs or impostors, and however great their fame may be, their chances of success may be sold for a tin of pickled salmon. It is useless to make professions, to complain of hasty judg- ments, to ask trial, and promise better things for the future. If the MARTIN Ministry are not yet sufficiently posted up in this kind of know ledge, they will certainly be taught it long before Macquartç-streot again echoes to the eloquence of assembled orators. But it is in tho question of taxation that the eieciurs luruuguuui me wjiuuy muot uw *.»»u>u. tb catechise the candidates who present them« selves before them. This is the probe which must test their soundness or their rottenness Jt is emphatically the question of the day-one on the proper decision of which the prosperity of tho country largely depends. The struggle between the two parties will no idoubt be keen, but we have no fear for the result. We have strenuously advocated direct taxation as the only means by which the public revenue can be placed on a proper footing, and we rejoice to find that there are so many advocates of direct taxation seeking seats in the Assembly at the present time. This may be taken as a fair test of the general opinion on the matter. The country must see that if direct taxation is not adopted, we must be haunted with the ghost of protection for ages. So long as the revenue is derived almost entirely from the casto ms, so long will there be a cry for fresh duties on im- ports ; and wo can never be secured against the existence of a .Ministry that may not seek to propitiate a class at the expense of the general public. Mr. STEWAET expresses opinions on this subject in which we entirely concur, and wo should regret to see a candidate holding such opiniona rejected. He is in favour of an increased rental being demanded from the squatters, on the expiration of their present leases. This is a matter which ought not to be lost sight of, either by candidates or constituents ; because it is clear that, whatever Ministry may be in po wer, the revenue must be supplemented from this source. It is monstrous that the colonv should be suffered to languish in debt; that its credit should be in« jured 'throughout the world ; that it should be perpetually stigmatised by the Herald as hopelessly bankrupt; while it possesses a source of abundant revenue almost wholly untouched. We have repeatedly pointed ont of late that if the rental of squattages were increased from the eighth of a penny to twopence or threepence an acre, the Treasury would be at once filled with cash. The great stumbling- block of all Governments would be removed-the chief impediment to the progress of trade would be done away with. There would be no necessity for windy expla- nations of oar financial embarrassment, or loud cries about an enormous deficit existing only in the imagination of puzzled Treasurers. In advocating such s mode of taxation we are not advocating an act of injustice. We are not singling out a class which already pays a fair share of the general burthen for additional shearing, merely because it can afford to pay more than it does. But wo assert that it does no£ pay a fair simare ; jbft{,"on_tho con-1 trarv, {{« Contributions to the public funds arej miserably ^insignificant. The Crown lands of the colony ore its -ehief wealth, and should form its chief source of revenas; Under our present system, we derive a very small portion of our revenue, from the Grown lands. Nearly the whole of it comes from the com meroo of the colony. The balance is thus all on one aide. We depress our merchants in order to enrich our squatters. Now we oontend that something like an equilibrium should be brought about. Let the squatters be taxed a littlemore, and the merchants a little loss. Nothing can ever destroy the value and productiveness of our territory ; but the value and productiveness of our trade with other countries may be destroyed by a single budget. By adopting suoh a policy as this-ba3ed equilly on justico and on common sense-we should relieve ourselves from every- thing in the shape of a difficulty. Increased rental on runs, accompanied with direct taxa- tion in other respects, would place the finances of the country in a position to defy evon the extravagance of corrupt and abitrary govern- ments. 