WOOLLOOMOOLOO BAY REGATTA. THIS annual aquatic tournament, linked inseparably with Boxing-day sports, and regarded with such favour by the lovers of aquatics generally, came off yeeterday ; and but for the terrible accident and loss of life with which it was marked would have been as successful as it has been in years that hava passed away. The morning dawned gloomily ; a strong, and for the season, cold breeze from the southward, and dark heavy clouds following each other in qulck suc- cession, indicated that the day would be showery and the weather unsettled. The prospects for those who desired to spend the day in the open air were by no means cheering ; but by eleven o'clock there was a goodly company on board the flagship, and hundreds of pleasure seekers were scattered among the rocks and trees which skirt the lower part of the Domain. The breeze was strong and variable throughout tho day, and several showers of rain fell ; but the weather was not such as to seriously interfere with the sport. The fine ship Young England, Captain Clark, was placed at the disposal of the committee for flagship, and she answered the purpose admirably. Had the weather been fine, and the decks of the vessel crowded, as they doubtless would have been, her saloon accommodation would perhaps have proved too limited, but under the cir- cumstances there was not the slightest ground for complaint. An excellent luncheon was provided on board, to which a large number did ample justice. Tbe usual loyal toasts were proposed and responded to, and also " Success to the Woolloomooloo Bay Regattas." The excellent music of the Volunteer Band contributed materially to the enllvenment of the proceedings, and was a source of much gratification to the lovers of Terpischore during the latter part of the day. With regard to the races, the sailing races were exceedingly well contested, but much of the pulling was somtwhat tame. One of the most noticeable features of the day was the signal defeat of the cham- pion sculler, Mr. R. Green. His failure was variously attributed. It was said by some that he was out at condition, and some suggested the " spasms ; " others insinuated that he did not try to do his best, while not a few expressed a belief that he was defeated on his merits. It is with great regret that we have to state that the day did not pass over without several accidents, one of which resulted in the loss of two lives. One of the sufferers was Lieutenant Freeman, of No. 1 Com- pany of the Sydney Volunteers-a young gentleman who was widely known and deeply respected. The other was Mr. Fisher, a young gentleman in the employ of the Sugar Company, who was known and respected by a large circle of friends. Messrs. Free- man and Fisher formed two of the crew of the Ettie, in the second-class yacht race, and shortly after rounding the Sow and Pigs she was caught by a squall, filled, and went down off Camp Cove. Her crew were thrown into the water, and they immedi- ately struck out for the shore, seven reaching it in safety, and the remaining two finding a watery grave. Several other boats capsized, but their crews suffered nothing further than a good ducking. Inspector Cowell, of the Water Police, picked up the crew of one swamped boat, and Mr. Ferris of the same force did a similar service for another boat's crew. Unfortunately, another accident occurred on board the flagship, by the explosion of gunpowder. After the termination of the day's sports the artillerymen were firing off the remaining cartridges, and as one of the men was standing near the gun with three cartridges in his hand, the gun was fired and the three cartridges exploded in the poor fellow's hands. He was dread- fully burnt and blackened, but it is hoped he will recover from the effects. We have only to add that the arrangements on board the flagship were good. Mr. I. Josephson gave every satisfaction as starter, and Mr. W. McQuade as umpire. A detailed account of the racing is appended. First Raoe.-All Youths under eighteen, pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs. Course, from Wharf at head of Bay, round Fort Denison, and back to Flagship. First prize, £5; second, £2, Matranoa, 10s. 6d. Not sufficient entrances. Second Race-Gentlemen Amateurs, pulling pair sculls, in light skiffs. Course, same as No. 1. Prize, Silver Cup, value £10 10s. Entrance, £1 1s. Elvira-A. Crook-blue and scarlet ,. .. 1 Favorits- R. Younger-White .. .. ..2 Sabrina- Q. Deloitte. Mr. Deloitte did not start, thus the race was left to Mr. Crook and Mr. Younger, The former was the favourite, and he fully justified the confidence placed in him by winning cleverly. Shortly after starting he took a strong lead, kept it throughout the race, and won with ease. Third Race.-Pulling Dingies, under canvas, not ex- ceeding 15 feet overall. Course, from moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay, round Clark Island, back round Flagthip, round Fort Denison, round boat in Woolloo- mooloo Bay, and back to Flagship, First prize, £8; second £2. Entrance. 10s. 6d. Slim Jim-W. Paul- Blue and white .. .. 1 Betsy Eagar-J. Pathley- Red, white star ., ..2 Leonora-W. Birkenshaw- Magenta .. "3 Lisette-H. Inder Monkey- J. Perry temp-John Smeal l miine-J. Macarthy JKowoy Dick-W. G. Boaward Teazer-W. Pani h liza- James Smeal Florence-B. C. Boeke. The start for this race presented a very pretty sight. The boats all got away together, and made for Clark Island, the first point whlch they had to round. . In coming back to the Flagship, Betsy Bagar had a slight Ilead, closely waited upon by Lurline and Slim Jim. At the back of Fort Denison Lurline capsized. Betsy Eager was first round the Fort, and Slim Jim second, but Leonora, which had bean gradually hauling upon the leading boats, now took up first position and held it to the ship. Slim Jim also overhauled Betsy Eagar in turning up the bay. They passed the ship in this order-Leonora first, Slim Jim second, and Betsy Eagar third. From some misapprehension in the minds of those who were in the Leonora as to the course- being evidently under the impression that the raoe terminated at the Flagship without rounding any farther point-they gave up the contest. This gave a slice of luck to those In Slim Jim, who, knowing the coarse, beat up round the boat moored near the new circuler wharf, ran back to the chip, and thus secured first prize. Betsy Eagar took second money Fourth Race.-All Amateurs, pulling pair sculls, in light skiffs. Course, same as No. 1, First prise, £10 ; second, £2: Entrance, £1 Is. Athlete-J. M'Cleer- Pink .. ,. .. 1 Star of Australia- J. Donnelly-White .. ..2 Peltor-J. Connor. The three boats started; but Connor gave up almost immediately afterwards, leaving the race to McCleer and Donnelly. The latter had not the ghost of a ohance, as McCleer pulled right away from him, and won the race easily. Filth Race. - Bona fide Skiffs not exceeding 22 feet overall, 6 feet beam, and 20 inches deep, under canvas. Un« and centre-boards excluded. Course, from moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay, round Shark Island, round Flag ship, round Fort Denison and back to Flagship. First prize, £12 ; second, £3. Entrance, £1 1s. Rebecca-J. Morton-Light blue,. .. .. 1 Surprise-E. O'Connor-Dark blue.. .. .. 2 Wabbigong-H. Reynolds-Pink. 3 This was a very well contested race. The Wabbigong showed herself to possess the most speed ln the early part of the race, and in passing the Flagship, after having rounded Shark Island, she had a good lead, with Rebecca seoond, and Surprise third. The Rebecca now began to overhaul her lival and the Surprise also, and ere long the Rebecca was the leading boat, with Surprise second. No alteration took plaoe after this; the Rebecca winning easily, and the Surprise second. The Wabbigong entered a protest against the Rebecca, on the ground that she did not start from moorings. Sixth Race.-Open Boats and Skiffs not exceeding 22 feet overall (having fins or centreboards) under canvas. Course same as No. 5. First prize, £12; second, £3. Entrance, £1 1s. Dart-James Richards-Dark blue .. .. ,. 1 Marian-F. H. Robbards-Red, white, and blue .. 2 Peri-W. McDonald-Light blue ., ., , ..3 Hope-James Smith Dove-J, Bradley . In this race Marian first showed prominently, and by the time that half the course was run she had a long lead. In passing the ship, after having rounded Shark Island, she was about a quarter-of a-mile ahead, Peri being second, and Dart third. After rounding Fort Denison Dart passed the Peri, and was evidently gaining upon the Marian. At this stage of the race Marian's sprit would persist to slipping down every few seconds, and thus she had not a ohtnoe against her fleet competitor. When they reached the Flag ship the second time the Dart had a lead of several lengths, and this advantage she maintained to the finish, Marian second, and Peri was exceeding close third. Seventh Race.-Second-class Yachts, not exceeding 12 ton« (centreboards excluded). From moorings in Woolloo- mooloo Bay, round a boat off Manly Pier, back round flag ship, round Floating Light and Sow and Pigs and baok to Flagship. First prise, £20; second, £7. Entrance £2 2s Gitana-F. J. Jackson-No 3 Marryatis code .. I Why Not-J. Nichols-Blue, white cross .. ., 2 Ida-J. Josephson-Blue, with white cross .. .,3 Australian-F. Smart-White and blue Elaine-W. F, Norie-White, black Maltese cross. This was the most Important sailing raoe of the day, and certalnly it was one of the best contested, so far as regards the first and second yachts. Elaine did not put in an ap- pearance. When the gun fired, all except the Little Aus- tralian got away smartly, but she was a long time before she got fairly under way, and then she did not appear to be In her usually excellent trim. As they passed the point of Garden Island on their way down the harbour, Gitana had a lead of two or three lengths with Why Not second and Ida third; Australian twenty or thirty lengths behind. When they again appeared in sight, after having rounded the boat off Manly Pier, the Gitana was still leading, and Why Not in close attendance. Ida was third, but the dlstance between her and Why Not was considerably greater than that between Gitan and Why Not. After passing round the ship they made the best of their way down the harbour again towards the Sow and Pigs, and when they next appeared the positions were un- changed. The distance between Gitana and Why Not, however, appeared to have decreased, for the former had a lead of barely two lergths. She managed to maintain her pride of place, however, to the termination, and as she finally passed the ship she was hailed the winner with immense cheerlng. Ida was an Indifferent third, and nothing was seen of the Australian for a considerable time afterwards Eigth Race-Gentlemen Amateurs, pulling a pair of oars in light skiffs, with coxswain. Coarse same as No. 1. Prize, two silver cups, value £6 5s. each, Eatrance £1 1s: Sabrina- Q and C. Deloiite-Magenta and bine ., 1 Elvira- R. Younger and A Crook-Blas and eoarlet.. 2 Favorita-J. Crook and L. Younger-White. Favorite did not «tart, and the pollen In Elvira might bave »pared themselves the trouble, for the Deloitte» palled right away from them and w«n with the greatest ease. Ninth Baoe.-Open boat«, not exoeeding 22 feet over- all, ander canvas (fin« and centre board« exoladed). Coarse, from moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay, round Sow ard Plga and Floating Light, round Flagship and Fort Denison, and baok to Fugahip. First pttz«, £13 ; second, £5. Bntranoe, £11«. Tbosght-A. Oliver-Bine and white ., .. 1 Boyal Oak-W. Creed-White, red eros« .. ,,2 Leisure Boar-P. Richardson-Bed .. - ., 3 Laura-W. and J. Watta t-ibjl-B. and G. Yeoman» Boee of Denmark-H. Ash Dora-A. Saddlagton. 'ibis was a very interesting race, from the large number of dingee Vfhlcb took place in the positions of the boats dur- ing its progrese. In paselng the south reef of Garden Uland Laura had . »light lead, with Leisure Hoar seoonl, Thought third, Dora fourth, and Sibyl fifth. Several obangea took place down the harbour, bat when thsy again appeared In sight Laura »lill led, with Leisure Houraeowd, Bote of Denmark third, aad Thought fourth. Several more change« took place in running oat, round, end beating baok from the Fort, and they passed tho ship, a« follows : - Thought, first ; Boyal Oak, «eoond ; Leisure Hoar, third ; Sybil, fourth ; and Laura, fifth. There was no further ohange afterwards, the whole finally passing the ship In the order indicated. Tenth Baoe -All Corners, pulling a pair of «call», in light skiffs. Courte, «ame M NO. 1. First prise, £12. Entrance, £11«. Athlete- J. M'CIeer-Pink .1 Guiding Star- B. Green-Blsok and white ,. ..2 Star of Australia-J. Donnelly-White This waa looked upon a« a certainty for Green, and there were offer« of five to one upon him ; bat the ohamploa was not snooessral, notwithstanding the large amount ef con- fidence placed In him. Donnelly did not »tart. Theraoa down, past the Flagship, waa very good indeed, the two boats being close together. At length M'CIeer got past his formidable rival, and the ohamplon did not appear to make an effort afterwards, aa he palled home quite li barely. Eleventh Baoe.-Third-olas« Yaohta, not exoeeding 5 tons. Coarse, frem mooring« In Woolloomooloo Bay, round Sow and Pigs, round Flagship, round Shark Island, and baok to Flagship. First prize, £15; »eoond, £5, Bntranoe, £11*. Zephyr- L. A. Windeyer-White, with red oro«« ., 1 Frolic-J. Crook-union Jack .« .. ..2 Bttie-J. Spyer- Bise. The three got away upon equal terms, and kept side by side till passing the reef on Garden Island, when Ettie hal a slight advantage, Frollo lying second, and Zephyr third. In due timo the Frollo made her way baok to the »nip first, with the Zephyr second ; but the Ettie was nowhere to be se*n, ead on Inquiring of the Zephyr's orew those on board the Flagship were informed that she had gone down near the Sow and Pigs. Frailo and Zephyr continued the raoe, and before the two had got baok to the flagship the second time Zephyr had caught and passed the Frollo. Thus the lace terminated, Frollo being a pretty good «eoond. Twelfth Baoe.-AU Amateur«, polling two palra sonll i fa light skiffs, with coxswain. Coarse, same as No. 1. First prize, £10; second, £2. Bntranoe, £11*. Athlete-J. M'CIeer and J. Booker-Pink .. .. 1 Star of Australia-J. Donnolly and J. Connor-White 2 Mira- W. Connor and H. M'CIeer-Blue. Mira did not start. Athlste gradually forged ahead of EUr of Australia, and appeared to inoreate her lead as they approaehed the Fort. As they returned, hewever, Don- nelly and Conner in the Star were fonod to be preasfag M'CIeer and Booker very olosely. and for some time the re- sult appeared doubtful. The '. pinks," however, kept thair lead, and won by about six length». Thirteenth Baoe.-All Licensed Watermen, pulltag a pair sculls, in licensed watermen's boat«. Coarse, same as No. 1. First prize, £8; »eoond, £2. Bntranoe, 15». Champion- J, Dnnnstt-white and bins .. .. 1 J. Monigan- P. Conn»Uj-red and white .. ..2 Rob Boy-T. Macgregor-white. Macgregor, in a new boat, went «way with the lead, but Wi» soon collared by Dnnnett, who held his advantage to the end. In palling back from the Fort against the wind, Connelly caught and passed Macgregor, and long before the leading boats reached the Flsgship, he was completely cut of the lace, Donnait won the race by about «is length*. There were three other race« set down in the programme, but the fourteenth and fifteenth did not fill, and Donnelly and Connor palled over for the prize in the sixteenth Seventeenth Baoe.-Gig and Dingy, Prizs, £3 3i. Entrance-gig, 10«. ; dingy, t«. Gig-"Possum-P. Punoh... .. .. .. 1 D:»gy-Bingfail-H. Smart. This event resulted in the «noces« of the gig, the dingy being caught after about «even mínate»' chase. This brought the day'» proceeding» to a close, and in a short time the hundreds of persons who had witnessed the regatta were wending their way homewards. 