THE WEEKS NEWS. A Fatal Fight. — Some consternation was caused in tlie neighbourhood of the Queen's Wlijrf on Wednesday afternoon from the fact of a seaman having been killed in a tight with another. The deceased is named Charles Maxwell, who was a 6eaman belonging to the liona. It appears that shortly after dinner hour he and one of his ship mates named James Ebbelet had a quarrel, and i commenced fighting on the deck. They fought for about a quarter of an hour, when the deceased was knocked down and kicked by his opponent. It was supposed that the deceased received a kick on the temple; but after being knocked down he did not rise, and on Dr. Duucan being sent for lie was found to be quite dead. An inquest was held ou Thursday, which resulted in a way which will no doubt surprise some persons. The Jury have giveu a verdict to tlie effect that there was no evidence to show that death had been caused by the prisoner. Everything of course depended upon the medical evidence, and this went to prove that no indications as to the cause of death were apparent. The post-mortem examination seems to have revealed nothing; and the Coroner could only surmise that possibly death might have re sulted from some blow or fall affecting a vital organ, but not leaving an}- sign of injury. As, however, there was no proof of this, the Jury could only return a verdict according to the evi dence before them. This was certainly a narrow escape for the prisoner, though it must be borne in mind that he was net the first to begin the fight which ended so disastrously. Wilful Mulder,—Bridget Ashley, who was brutally stabbed by herhusband on Thursday week, at the Adelaide Hotel, died, as we liave already stated, at the Hospital on the same evening. On Friday morning Dr. Woodforde conducted an inquisition into the circumstances of the case. The evidence disclosed that the deceased and her husband were of very intemperate habits; that on . jLlrarsday morning they had had a tew glasses ot beer, but on going to the Adelaide Hotel,iu Hindley street, Mrs. Ashley refused to let her husband take any more. He then left the house, but im mediately returned, having a knife iu his hand, with which he gave her several stabs, and inflicted a frightful wound in the lower part of the neck, which, as the medical evidence showed, entered the cavity of the chest and injured the apex of the lung. Ashley left the hotel, but was immediately taken by Lance-corporal Sullivan and conveyed to the Police Station, on liis way to which he said he had done what he had long meant to do. Sub sequently, on being cautioned when arrested on a charge of murdering his wife, he said he did not know what he was doing. An incident was sworn to by Mr. Heed as having occurred a fortnight since, from which it would seem that Ashley had meditated a murderous attack on his wife. The Jury, after a patient enquiry, delivered a verdict of wilful murder against the prisoner, who was com mitted for trial. He listened to the evidence with attention, but did not seem to reaUze the awful position in which he was placed. He is a man of most unprepossessing appearance, of small stature, and of dirty habits. Accident, — On Wednesday a man named Charles Turner, who is a carter on the Stratbalbyn road, fell from Iris wagon, one of the wheels of which passed over his hand, crushing it severely, the vehicle being heavily laden. Karkaeilla Mining Cosipant.—An adjourned general meeting of shareholders in the Karkarilla Mining Company was held in the Arbitration Booms on Thursdaj1, October 20. There were about 20 shareholders present, and Mr. John Clark presided. Eight applications were received for the vacant office of captain to the mine, and after considerable discussion it was determined, on the motion of Mr. Ferryman, seconded by Mr. Claussen, to leave to the Directors the task of selecting between two candidates, Messrs. Ey and Warren. The question as to the posit.on of Mr. G. White on the Board was then reopened, and it was resolved, in order to remove all further doubts respecting the matter, that that gentleman should be re-elected to serve as a Director. On the motion of Mr. Perryman, seconded by Mr. Myers, a vote of thanks and sympathy with Mr. Varcoe on account of bis having, through illness, been compelled to relinquish his connection with the mine was unanimously passed. Mr. Varcoe briefly acknowledged the compliment, re marking that his medical adviser considered him too weak to undertake a like occupation for some time to come. In reply to Mr. Stoddart, it was stated that the quantity of ore at present at grass and at the Port was 45 tons, and that the quantity now being raised in the two stopes was about four tons per fathom. A vote of thanks to the Chair man closed the proceedings. The North.—The following is an extract from aletter, dated " Arkaba, October 1!"," and received .in Adelaide on Thursday evening:—"On Friday wc had splendid rain. It poured all night, so much so that the creeks were down, and we could not for some hours get over to the woolshed. We have had several nice showers since. It is con sidered that more rain fell on Friday than lias fallen since last J anuary." Capt. Bagot.—We understand from private advices that Capt. Bagot, in company with his daughter, Mrs. Jacob, is expected shortly to return to the colony. We feel sure that the many friends of that gentleman will be happy to welcome him back to South Australia. Bake of Australasia.—Our Kooringa corre spondent states that Mr. J. Anderson, the Manager of- the Branch of this Bank at Kooringa since its establishment, has been succeeded by Mr. Goodhart. Majob Warburton's Expedition. — Our Stirling correspondent informs us that Major Warburton, with five men and 20 horses, left "The Wells" on Thursday morning, the 13th instant. Earthquake.—Our Mount Deception corre spondent mentions two distinct shocks of earth quake as having happened there on Sunday, October 9. Acclimatization.—A meeting of the Council of the Acclimatization Society took place at the Insti tute on Thursday, October 23.. There were pre sent Dr. Moore (in the chair), the Hon. S. Daven port, Hon. A. Forster, Messrs. C. Lindsay, M.P., N. Blytli, M.P., H. Bartleet, and F- G. VV ater house. TheSecretary (Mr. Waterhouse) reported the receipt, in condition, from Marseilles, of the white mulberry and other seeds ordered by the Society Also of a letter from Mr. Davis, with an enclosure from Mr. Thatcher, the gentleman employed by the Victorian 'Acclimatization Society to bring out the birds and animals required by it, offering to act in the same capacity on behalf of the South Australian Society. It was resolved that Mr. Thatcher should be communicated with on the subject of bis terms. The Hon. S. Davenport pro duced a sample of dried figs of a very excellent appearance. He explained briefly that the process he adopted was to.put them into salt water after drying, and suggested that the Society should advertise approved modes of preparing fruit, &c.; The hon. gentleman also stated that he had written to Sir George Grey respecting the cochineal and eels previously recommended fcr introduction. A discussion then took place with reference to the disposal of the white mulberry seed, and it was resolved to make arrangements to distribute it so soon as a brief code of instructions to accompany each parcel had been prepared. On this subject the following extract of a letter from Dr. Mueller, Melbourne, addressed to Mr. G. W. Davis, and dated 3rd Ogtober, ISSi, was read:—" There can be no difficulty whatever to raise young mulberry plants at any season of the year under glass, or even in calico Barnes, and if the seeds were sown how (October) the seedlings would be fit for planting out by the time the hot weather has passed." The Hon. Mr. Davenport remarked that it was necessary to steep the seed in water for about 24 hours prior to sowing. He stated, moreover, that now was the time for planting tobacco-seed, and in reference to the' growth of this plant observed that he had seen a number of specimens of indigenous tobacco in the colony., in the Waterfall Gully he had come across some plants answering the description of the odoriferous tobacco (loibac oderuni). It was a singular fact that, according to Professor Heuze, the best Virginian tobacco was brought from Australia. Mr. C. Lindsay reported the resnlt of his application to the House of Assembly for. a vote in aid of the funds, and a wish was genezally expressed that a sufficient sum might be obtained by subscription within the year to entitle the Society to the whole of the contingent grant. It was stated that a sum of £105 had been raised, and after some discussion, the Secretary was instructed to make arrangements for ob taining the services of a competent 'Col lector to augment this amount. Mr. Bartleet stated that he had sent home the rough sample of native flax grown near Mount Lofty, winch had been forwarded to the Society by Mr. Cobb. By the last mail he received advices, stating that it had been submitted to Scotch ma nufacturers for their opinion. During the course of the meeting a number of other subjects were touched upon, including the recently-discovered 1 process of salting meat by means of injection.! Dr. Moore stated that be had seen the experimen I tried on a bullock, which was completely salted within a space of 20 minutes. The great difficulty, he said, was to get the tube properly fixed in the aorta. The Hon. S. Davenport, who had been present on the occasion alluded to by Dr. Moore, confirmed his statement as to the rapidity with which the operation was performed. Council adjourned. Since the meeting we have been favoured with the subjoined extract from the letter mentioned by Mr. Bartleet. It is dated London, August 26, 1861:—"We have little doubt that if quantities of fibre similar to the sample sent can be had, then it would be used iu our manufactures. We like the sample en closed, but it is difficult to judge of the value of a fibre from so small a quantity. We think it worth £25 to £30 per ton, and, if properly cleaned mid carefully handled every way, the value would in crease very much. In preparing this. fibre the object is to produce fineness and cleanness without weakening the fibre." The above is the report from Scotland; hut portion of the sample was sent to Ireland, and the opinion of the manufacturers there will be transmitted by the next mail. Adelaide Local Codbt.—In the case of Cox v. Baker; tried on Wednesday, judgment was given ' for £818s. 6d., and not £4 odd as reported. The Shakspeaue Memorial.—At the Com mittee meeting of the society of Al ts, on Tuesday, October IS, it was resolved that a copy of the admired publication above designated should be presented to each of the first £00 members of the Society, a sufficient number of copies having been placed at the disposal of the Committee. Society of Arts.—A meeting of the members of this Society was held at the Institute on Tues day evening, October IS, to elect a Governor and for other business—Mr. L. J- Pelhani in tlie chair. Three gentlemen having been nominated for the office of Governor, Mr. S. Touikinson was elected by a majority of votes. A motion, of which notice had been given, was discussed, namely, "that uo member of the Committee should be a competitor for the Society's prizes." On being put to the vote, the motion was lost. It was resolved that the Sub-Committee appointed for the revision of the By-laws should report to the Committee of the Society at tlie first meeting in December next, for the purpose of being laid before the next annual meeting. After some routine business had been attended to, a vote of thanks to the Chair closed the proceedings. Art Ustox of Gr.ASGOW.~Mr. Culley, of Flin ders-street, has now on view the cliromo-iitho graph presented by the Art Union of Glasgow to subscribers. It is a very beautiful specimen of a style of art young, but rapidly attaiuing an excel lence that must command numerous admirers. The picture—for it is a reproduction in colours of a painting by Alexander Johnston, value SCO guineas —covers a surface of 20 inches by 17 inches. It re presents a street scene 00 years ago, with a press, gang rutlilessiy tearing a newly-married man from liis wife's side. The bridegroom, "a jolly young waterman," sternly regards his assailants, whilst alarm and entreaty are blended in the expression of the bride's face. Members of the bridal party are seen "making tracks" from the dreaded im pressment, and a street hoy clinging to an iron railing seems ready to assume the character of a ragged iiienzi, and lead the sullen and dissatisfied spectators to the rescue. A woman in widow's 1 weeds leading a child shadows forth the too pro bable consequences of that invasion of the liberty ' of the subject, and the results of a system which consigned peaceably-disposed men to an early and violent death, and bereaved wives to long vears of widowhood and penury. The background is partly occupied by a row of old houses, from the doors and windows of which people are observing the doings of the press-gang. The sailors are fine stalwart fellows, too good for such work, and the officer iu command gazes compassionately on the victim of his country's glory. The houses are, with the exception of one window, elaborately delineated, and the picturesque style of the archi tecture by no means the least striking feature of this admirable picture. Art Union of London.—A specimen of the engraving to be presented to subscribers by tbe Loudon Art Union can be seen at Mr. Culley's atelier. Flinders-street. It is a scene in the fife of Mr. Claude Duval, higliwaymau and humorist, after a painting by Frith. The incident repre sented is the arrest of a travelling-carriage with party by highwaymen on Hounslow Heath. The men are overpowered and secured, and the baggage broken open and scattered. An elderly lady is energetic in her appeal for mercy to a ceremonious scoundrel, whose appearance at the carriage-door has caused a young lady to swoon. Another Iadv has prudently compounded to save a portion of the booty by consenting to dance a coranto with the captain of the gang, Claude Duval. The dancing pair arc the principal figures in the centre; the carriage—an old-fashioned affair—fills. up a' large portion of the background. A musical high wayman leans against a large tree and pipes for the dancers, whilst his companions arc busily engaged in overhauling the luggage. The story is well known, and it has been cleverly reproduced by the painter and engraver ; nor is it without its moral, for an opening between the carriage and the trees gives a long-drawn vista of the Heath, with a gibbet and a man in chains dangling iu the distance. Norwood Yodng Men's Society.—On Monday evening an excellent paper was read before the members and friends of this Society by Mr. Win. Holdeu on "The Plurality of Worlds," the question being whether the planets which form part of our system are inhabited or not. Mr. Holden quoted from Dr. Lardner and Sir j! Herschell, witli a view to show that in all probability the world which we occupy is not the only one which is filled by animal and vegetable life, inasmuch as some of the other planets are known to have atmospheres and to be otherwise suited for the habitation of beings like those which fill the earth. At the close of the lecture a vote of thanks to the lecturer was proposed and spoken to by Messrs. Sellar, Day, Gamble, and Molyneux, and carried, after which the proceedings were closed by a vote of thanks to the President. It was announced that the next paper would be " A Trip on the Murray." Adelaide Philosophical Society.—'The 11th annual meeting of the above Society took^place at the Institute on Tuesday, October IS —Mr. C Todd in tbe chair. The Secretary and Treasurer read their annual reports, which were adopted. Two papers were also read—one by Mr. Wells, and another by Mr. C. A. Wilson. Officers were elected for the ensuing year, and votes of thanks having been accorded to the gentlemen who had read the papers and to the Chairman, the meeting closed. Adelaide Philojiathic Society.—On Tues day evening, October 18th, a special meeting was held at the South Australian Institute, to take into consideration the advisability of dissolving the Society. The preliminary business being gone through, it was moved by the Secretary "That the Philomathic Society be dissolved." Various reasons were suggested for the failure of the Society, the principal ones being want of interest and non-attendance on the part of members. Mr. John Maun" seconded the motion, which was put and declared carried. Mr. Tomkinson, Dr. Spicer and other speakers expressed much regret that th® Society, which it was hoped would have lived through many years, had been brought by mean of lukewarm friends into its present condition. Poet Victoe.—A correspondent calls upon the Government to establish a Telegraph Station and a Pest-Office at Port Victor, which is fast bpcnming a place of considerable business. At present the letters come by Port Elliot, upwards of four miles distant, which occasions much d day in the delivery of correspondence. Central Boad Board.—There was a full Boa: A on Tuesday, when a considerable amount of routine business was transacted. Letters were read from several contractor^ either throwing up their con tracts or declining to undertake them, and their names were ordered to be placed on the black-list 7-the works m some cases being readvertised, and in others given to the next lowest tenderer. Wilkawat Mining Company.—The adjourned special general meeting of the [above Company was held at the Norfolk Arms on Tuesday October IS. There was a very- limited attendance. After wait log the half-hour presciibed by the deed, the Chairman, Mr. J. C. Verco. MP., put the resolution to the meeting which had been passed at a previous meeting, namely ** That this? Company be now dissolved in accordance with the provision contained 5n clause 52 of the deed of settlement." The resolution was confirmed, and the Chairman then declared the Wilkawat Mfmnp Company to be absolutely dissolved. Bentham-Steeet Chapel.—The sixteenth an niversary of the Bentham-street Chapel was com memorated on Sunday, October 9, when two sermons were preached by the Eev. T. Playford in the morning and evening. There was a very good attendance on both occasions. A public tea meet ing was held in the Bentham-street Chapel on Tuesday evening, October II, at which about 280 persons partook. After the completion of the tea a public meeting was beld in the same place. which was well lilled. The proceedings were com menced by a choir singing the anthem "Rejoice in the Lord," which was followed by a hymn and prayer, andjtbe choir gave the anthem "Lift up your heads." The Rev. T. Playford then gave, in a fervent and impressive manner, his lecture on "The Book of Revelation." The rev. lecturer commenced by referring to the divinity of the Bible, and explained the mode of interpretation of the various symbols contained in the hook of Revelation, and in an instructive manner showed the analogy existing between the scenes written in that book, and circumstances which have subse quently occurred with reference to Christianity. The lecture was listened to throughout with marked attention, and at the conclusion the choir sang the anthem "Awake, awake;" after which a prayer was offered, and the proceedings were closed by the choir singing another anthem. Kensington Congbegational Chapel.—The anniversary services in connection with the Ken sington Congregational Chapel, High-street, were held on Sunday, October 16, when the Rev. J. Gibson, of Angaston, preached in the morning, from the 84th Psalm and the 5tl> to 7th verses inclusive. A sermon was preached in the after noon by the Rev. J.Watsford, from the 1st Epistle of Peter, the 1st chapter, and last clause ol the 12th verse—" Which things the angels desire to look into." In the evening the Rev. J. Gibson preached from Hebrews, the 11th chapter, the 8th, 9th, and 10th verses. The collections, which were made at each of the services, amounted to £8 15s. 2d. Ob Monday evening a tea meeting was held, at which there were upwards of 150 per sons. A public meeting was afterwards held in the chapel, which was well filled, and the chair was occupied by Mr. L J. Barclay. A report was read by the pastor of the chapel, -the Bev H- Cheetham, showing that during the past year about £200 had heen expended in improvements on the chapel and premises, and that within four months of their being contemplated the works were accomplished and paid for, eo that there was no debt remaining on that place of worship. The Sabbath-school had much improved during the past year both in the number of members and their efficiency. The con gregation had also increased considerably, and there were five candidates awaiting for adinissioh into the Church at ts next meeting. Eloquent and impressive addresses were delivered during the evening by the Bevds. G. Mudie, J. Gibson, F. W Cox, S. L. Harris, and C. HalL A collection which, was made during the evening amounted to £i 2s. 8d. The total amount realized by the four collections and the proceeds of the tea was upwards of £25. Missionary Toue.—Wc are informed tiiat Die Lord Bishop of Adelaide ieit Bishop's Court on Friday, October 34, for a five weeks' missionary tour to the North. j "West Adelaide Chlnstian Tempehance Association'.—The first annual meeting of the j Yt est Adelaide Ciiristiau Temperance Association | was held at the United Presbyterian Church, j Gouger- street, on Friday evening, October 14. I There were al-out 100 persons present, and the j Rev. James Lyall, the President, occupied the I chair. The proceedings were opened in the usual : manner by praise and prayer, after which the ; Chairman addressed a few remarks to the rneet j in& touching upon the progress of the Society 1 during tiie past 12 mouths. The Secretary then I read the report of the Committee, which cour | menced by setting forth the importance of and the great advantages resulting from a total ab stinence of intoxicating liquors. Since the | formation of the Society the number of members on the roll was slowly and steadily increasing, and the Committee felt confident that there were many who had attended their meetings but who had not signed the pledge, yet were act'mg upon the prin ciples of total abstinence, and it was encouraging to think that a goodly number of those who had become members were young persons. During the year there liad been nine public meetings and nine Committee meetings; but as regards atten dance at those meetings the Committee's expec tations had not been realized. The number of members on the roll up to the present time was j17. In a financial point of view the Society was not in a very prosperous condition, as the income had been inadequate to meet the expensesconnected with the monthly meetings for advertising, Ac. In conclusion the Committee urged on the members of the Association to exert themselves in pro moting its objects. Mr. Burgan moved, and Mr. Stanford seconded,- the adoption of the report, which was carried. The Rev. S. Ironside then moved the second resolution, as follows—" That considering the wide-spread prevalence of intem perauce, and the manifold evils produced by it, and believing that the total abstinence principles are calculated to remedy those evils, this meeting rejoices in the success which has crowned the past efforts of the West Adelaide Christian Temperance Association, and expresses the hope that its future operations may be attended by yet greater success." I The rev. gentleman spoke of the evils attending intemperance, and referred to the great curse to the New Zealanders by the introduction amongst them of spirituous liquors by white persons, teaching the natives habits of intemperance, and which was a source of great grief to the mis sionaries stationed there. Mr. G. W. Cotton seconded the motion, which was carried. The third resolution was moved by the Rev. R. C. Flock art as followsThat the following gentlemen be the Officers and Committe for the ensuing year: j —President, the Rev. James Lyall; Vice-President, ' Mr. G. W. Cotton; Secretary, Mr. W. Fraser; Treasurer, Mr. Stanford; Committee, Messrs. J. Martin, J. Kennedy, T. Drummoud, A. C. Greer, G. B. Sketbeway, T. Rhodes, — Langsford, and M. Madge." The motion, after being seconded by Mr. G. W. Cole, M.P., was carried. Votes of thanks were accorded to the Chairman, Officers, and Committee of the past year, and others who had assisted in promoting the objects of the Society. The various proposers and seconders of the resolutions warmly and eloquently upheld the cause of temperance, and urged upon those present, more especially the young, the desirability of a total abstinence from strong drinks. A collection i which was made during the evening realized £2 ! Is. 3d. At the conclusion of the proceedings two more names were added to the roll of the Associa tion. The doxology having been sung and the benediction pronounced, the meeting dispersed. Methodist New Connexion Chhbch.—The spire of the Methodist New Connexion Church, in Franklin-street, was completed on Tuesday last by the fixing of a handsome vane on its summit, The spire reaches a height of 150 feet, is constructed of brick, and forms the loftiest objectl in the city, and may he seen from almost j any point of view. Melanesia^ Missions.—A correspondent sends | us the following:—"The Committee held a meet- j ing at the Church Office, Leigh-street, on Friday, 7th instant, at 4 p.m. There were present the ] Lord Bishop tin the chair), Revs. O. EL Farr, A. ii. Russell, J. S. Jackson, Geo. Dove, W. B. Andrews, H. £L Pollitt; and Messrs. O. K. Richard son, W. Bartlev, S. Goods, T. O'Halloran, W. A. Hughes, E. W. Andrews, and G. W. Hawkes. A letter was read from the Metropolitan Bishop of j New Zealand on the subject of the mission. Letters were also read from some of the clergy, offerag to receive deputations to meetings to be | held in their parishes on behalf of the mission. It was decided that the Secretaries should be em- I powered to arrange the times of meetings in the ; districts, and also with gentlemen, clerical and lay, to attend such meetings as deputations. The Kapunda and Mitcham meetings were arranged to be held next month (November), and Pewsey Vale, Ac., about Christmas. The Rev. Geo?Dove stated ! that a branch Association had been formed at | Waikerville, and he hoped that their contribution j for the year would be at least £20. A letter | was read from the Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, forwarding £16 Ss. lid., contribution from j friends in Norwood (St. Bartholeme w's), and stating that other sums promised were being collected and ! would be forwarded in due course. It was resolved ] that the Treasurer be requested to remit to the credit of Bishop Patteson, for the mission, the j amount he may have in hand on the leaving of the ; next steamer. Also, that it was desirable that the I annual sermons for missions for the present year I should be preached before the end of next Decern- j her, so as not to interfere with those for the General | Church Fund, it being understood that the latter | take place in the first half of the year. It was, however, decided that the Mclanesian Mission year ] should close on 31st March each year. The Rev. Canon Russell was appointed Organizing Secretary'. 1 the Rev. Canon Farr being Corresponding Secre- | tary, and Mr. W. A. Hughes, Lay Secretary." Abobigdses' Fbiends' Association.—An ad vertisement in our business columns intimates to the friends of this Association the fact that the annual subscriptions are now due, and will be col lected forthwith. An appeal is also made for increased subscriptions. The cause is one which ought to commend itself to the public generally, and we believe the efforts of the mission are | deserving of help. Pibie-Stbeet Wesletan Chapel.—This place of worship, which has been closed for the last fortnight for the purpose of renovating the interim r and fixing new gasaliers, was reopened on Sunday, October 16. The Eev. John Cope preached an excellent sermon" in the morning from the 2nd Corinthians, viii. 9—"For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that ye through his poverty might be rich." In the evening the Itev. S. Ironside preached an eloquent and impressive sermon from the same text to a large congrega tion. Collections were made at each of the ! services, and an amount of £34 was realized. The ! services to celebrate the 16th anniversary of this j chapel and its reopening after recent renovation and repairs were continued on Monday. At 2 o'clock a sale of goods left from the recent bazaar took place, and realized £50. At 5 o'clock tea was laid in the lecture-hall, where a large number sat down to the well-spread tables. This was fol lowed by a public meeting in the chapel, which was well attended. After singing a hymn and the offering of prayer hy the Eev. S. Ironside, Mr. L. Boacli, the Senior Circuit Steward, was voted to the chair. He opened the meeting hy referring to the early difficulties experienced in erecting that commodious and beautiful building, and expressed his sincere gratitude for the success which had attended them up to that time. Mr. J. Colton, M.P., the Treasurer, read the financial statement, which showed that the income during the year had been £1,791 2s. 10d., and the expenditure £1,794 Os. 8d.; making a balance due to the Treasurer of £2 17s. lOd. The cost of cleaning the building was not included in this amount, but they hoped to receive from these services £265,- which would cover the cost of cleaning and the other repairs which had been necessary. There was now a debt of £3,225.upon the chapel, lecture-hall, aud minister's house and land, which he hoped would be reduced to £3,000. The choir then sang in their usually efficient manner the anthem "Comfort ye." The Eev. E. C. Flockart was the first speaker of the evening. He alluded in eloquent terms to the triumphs of Christianity, and referred to some operations in connection with their vast orga nization. He gave some interesting statistics in connection with chapel- building in England. During the last year trusts to the amount of £11,211 had been handed to the Wesleyan Committee there, and new chapels and chapel extensions were contemplated to the amount of £205,000; but by the system proposed the debts upon tliem, it was ex pected, would not exceed £42,000 when opened. Three chapels were finished and presented to the Conference last year of the value respectively of £609, £6,000, and £8,000 or £9,000. He concluded with an eloquent appeal for the baptism of the Holy Ghost upon, the Christian Church of the world and the Churches of Adelaide especially. The Eev. EL T. Burgess spoke of the privileges of that congregation, and the gratitude which should occupy their hearts for the many manifestations of Divine care and grace. He urged all present to exert their influence on the side of good, and for ! the promotion of God's work in their daily life ] and conversation. The anthem "Hearken unto ' me" was then rendered by the choir. The Eev. C. Colwell next addressed the meeting on the subject of "Christian liberality." A collection was here made, and amounted to £16. The Eev. H. Chester spoke on "The true prosperity of a Church," and the Eev. H. Bath on"*'The true duty of a Church." The Eev. C. H. Goldsmith moved votes of thanks to the ladies and to the choir. This was seconded by the Eev. Mr. Lloyd, and carried with acclamation. The Chairman here read a note, enclosinga gift of £50 from the late Mr. Dimstan, of Morphett Vale. Thanks to the ladies who had worked for the bazaar, and the Chair man, another piece of music by the choir, mid the benediction closed the meeting shortly before 10 o'clock. In addition to the renovation of the old bnilding, the gasaliers recently ordered from England have been fixed. The magnificent range of galleries are lighted by three-branched gasaliers, eight in number, while the lower part of the building is principally illuminated by dual , gasaliers, all of wbichsned a good, though subdued light, and add much to the beauty of this pre viously very beautiful edifice. Battalion Drill.—About ICO volunteers as sembled 011 the parade-ground for battalion drill on Wednesday afternoon, Oet. 19. The companies represented were the First Adelaide ltifies by Lieut. Moody, the Adelaide Eifles by Lieut. N. BIyth, and the City- Eifles, commanded by Capt. Shawyer. Several members of the West Adelaide Eifles and the Hon. J. Baker were also on the ground. The Colonel-Commandant having viewed the force, Lieut.-Colonel Mayo put the battalion through a variety of evolutions, some of which were new to most present. At the conclusion of the drill the Lieut.-Colonel addressed the battalion, compli menting them on the satisfactory manner 111 which they carried out the manoeuvres. He only re- ] grettcd that a larger number were not on the ground. The regimental baud, of which there was a fair muster, assisted the battalion by playing j a variety of martial and other music during the afternoon. A Bad Eoad.—A correspondent, writing from PoitGawler, calls attention to the "horrid"' state of the road between the North line and the Para Bridge, and informs us of an accident which lately happened to a party travelling from the Port in a spring-cart. This cart was capsized and the occu pants in j ured owing to the wretched state of the road. Auldana Vineyard Association.—The ad. journed half-yearly meeting of the Auldana Vine yard Association was held 011 Wednesday, October 19, in the offices, at the Gresham-cliambers—Mr. E. W. Wright in the chair. About 12 share holders were present. The report of Mr. J. Brown was read and adopted. It was resolved that the Directors' report and balance-sheet, together with the additional accounts then produced, should also be adopted. A resolution declaring that all arrears that were due should be collected forthwith was carried; and Messrs. J. H. Clark and N. Oldham were appointed Auditors. Respecting Mr. Auld's offer in reference to the cellar under the Imperial Fiic Office, it was agreed that it should be accepted. Mr. George Green was elected a Director, in place of Mr. Auld, resigned. Cotton.—Sir. D. B. Forester, of Gilberton, lias seat us a very good sample of cottun, grown by Mr. McMartin, of Macaw Creek. It may be seeu at our office. Victorian Harvest Prospects.—1TheBallarai I Star states that favourable accounts of the state of the crops are given from several surrounding dis- j tricts aud that the farmers are at present sanguine as to the yield. Sporting.—The Launceston Champion race for 500 sovereigns, with a sweep of 50 sovereigns added, open to all the Australian Colonies, is advertised to come off on Tuesday, February 14, 1S55. Archery Club.— In consequence of the incle- I ment state of the weather on Saturday, October 15, the usual meeting of the Archery Club did not take place. Lecture at the Institute. — The gloomy aspect of the weather operated most unfavourably on the attendance at the Reading-room of the Institute on Friday evening, October 14, the oc casion of the periodical lecture. Mr. J. Hi dark j presided, and the lecturer was Mr. Talbot B. Bruce, whose subject was "The Writings of Charles Dickens." The works of very few authors present so many points as those of Dickens worthy of being reproduced, described and ela borated, and to say that Mr. Bruce handled his subject well is only tantamount to saying that he exercised judgment and skill in entering upon so wide a field. With excellent tact he addressed himself to showing Dickens's ability in de scribing scenery, the rapidity of his stylp or his literary versatility, and his admi rable power of portraying or delineating character—at least the majority of characters— especially in cases where his Illustrations were ! drawn from low life. His deep genuine pathos ' and his genial irresistible humour were each ! touched upon, and apt selections explanatory of I the various qualities offered for the consideration | of the audience were read. The judicious distribution of these readings among the original comments of the lecturer sustained the interest of tliore present to the very last, and all would no doubt be ready to admit that the only apology for I an objection to the lecture would be the too sudden | '•pull up" deprecated by the elder Weller when criticising the immortalized valentine of his accomplished son. The thaDks of the meeting | expressed by acclamation having been cordially tendered to Mr. Bruce by the Chairman, the proceedings closed in the usual way. Accident.—On Wednesday morning about 10 ] o'clock a little' hoy of about eight years of age, sou of Mr. W. J. Bailey, wine and spirit merchant, of Grenfell-street, was knocked down by a railway | van which was proceeding at a moderate pace - from Currie-strcct to the rear of the Bank of Aus- I tralasia. The wheel of the van passed over the | side of the child's head inflicting serious injury. The boy was taken into Main & Geyer'ssliop, where he was attended by Drs. Bayer and Phillips. During the day he was removed home, and on ■ «n iuiiy in the evening we ascertained that no signs of improvement were visible, although no in ternal injury had been discovered. The Late Admiral Cator.—The Illustrated Wetcs of August 13 contains the following ohituaiy notice of the late Admiral Cator, whose name is j well-known here on account of his connections and j property in the colony:—"Admiral Bertie Cor-1 nelius Cator; a highly meritorious naval officer, who died on the 23rd ulL, at the Palace Hotel, Buckingham-gate, was the fourth son of Joseph ] Cator, Esq., an eminent merchant, by his wife Diana, sister of Admiral Sir Albemarle Bertie, Bart. He entered the Royal Navy, early in life, in the spring of 1800, and obtained his lieutenancy in | 1887\. He acted at first under his gallant uncle, then Captain Albemarle Bertie, and was employed in the capture of privateers in the Mediterranean ' in the Glory, Malta, and Carysfor frigates. After | various feats of daring he was captured by two French frigates while in charge of the Ranger transport, on its way from the Cape of Good Hope to the Mauritius, but was exchanged shortly after wards, and was then placed in command of the Bombay Anna, the Hon. East India Company's ship, in which ship he assisted at the capture of the Isle of France in 1810. Cator commanded the Acheon on the coast of America in an attack on | the enemy's barracks. He was also in Lynn Haven Bay in 1813; and participated in various other ser vices afloat. He gained his post rank in 1814; was made a Rear-Admiral in 1851: a Vice-Admiral in 1858; and became an Admiral, Aprit 12,18S2. Ad miral Cator's nephew is the present Albemarle Cator, Esq., of Woodbastwick Hall, Norfolk; and | the Admiral's second brother is the present dis tinguished Lieutenant-General William Cator, C.B., of Penge, Kent, Colonel-Commandant 15th Battalion. R.A." Illustrated Papers.—We have been favoured with copies of the Australian News and the Melbourne Post, both illustrated papers, and both highly creditable to the colony. The illustrations j are spirited and well executed. In the Post there is a capital sketch of the business premises of Messrs. J. Hodgldss & Co., in Bundle-street, as an illustration of street architecture; and in the Australian News a sketch of the Adelaide Town Hall and a striking likeness of Judge Boothby, from photographs by Mr. Crawford, of the Adelaide Photographic Company. The latter is accom panied by a biographical sketch, giving the chief events in His Honor's life, which we subjoin:— "Benjamin Boothby was called to the Bar at Gray's Inn, 1841; went the Northern Circuit till 1853; was appointed one of the Revising Barristers for the "West Biding of Yorkshire 1845 to 1852; Becorder of Fontefract and Judge of the Court of Becord there 1819; Second Judge of Her Majesty's Supreme Court of the province of South Australia hy warrant under the Queen's sign manual, Feb ruary, 1853 (at which time Charles Cooper, Esq., was sole Judge); presided at such Court as Senior Judge within the province from December, 1856,' to July, 1S5S: Deputy Judge of "Vice-Admiralty, 1856tolSBL Is author of a work on Criminal Law, first edition 1812, second 1854; and of a pamphlet, 1844, ou the reform of the Local and Circuit Courts of England and of the Supreme Courts of West minster, some of the suggestions of which are in operation by imperial legislation since 1853. In J the future history of South Australia, from the ! period 1853 to 1864, few names of Government ! office- holders will probably occupy so much notice as that of the subject of our present article, lor, j during his administration of the laws in that colony, Mr. Justice Boothby has, amongst several public occurrences, once or twice been brought into contact with the Legislature. His Honor has denied the validity of many of the Acts of the Local Parliament, including the Constitution Act (stating consequently that there was no legal Chief Justice or any Puisne Judge but himself, neither was there a legal Attorney-General), and has held the opinion that the Courts of Law can enquire as to whether the Legislature observed all due formalities in passing its measures, and also whether the Governor of the colony exercised proper care in their reservation. The other Judges have not agreed with him in questioning the validity of the laws on these grounds, nor do they assent to his views on the subject 'repugnancy.' In order, however, to prevent the recurrence of such doubts, and especially to prevent their being continually raised hy Mr. Justice Boothby, whilst counsel are arguing on cases before the Court, it has been resolved to ask the Imperial Parliament for an Act to set all questions of thr. kind at rest; and, whatever may be said of his opposition to the Bill of Mr. Torrens, known as the 'Beat Property Act,' and his frequent assertion; of its invalidity, many imperfections have existed in it; but, to use the words of Mr. Bogers, the newly-elected repre sentative of Mount Barker, as reported in the Adelaide Express of 4th June, 1864, ' they had been remedied through the opiniohs of Mr. Justice - Boothby—so out of evil came good. In the year 1854, Mr. Justice Boothby, through his Govern ment, submitted to the lmpcri Government a scheme for the construbtion of a continuous line of railway connecting Sydney Melbourne, and Adelaide, the route to -be taken from Sydney to tbe upper part of the Biver Murray, thence along the valley of that river to Adelaide, with a branch line from some point on the Murray (Swan Hill, said Mr. Boothby, but it wa3 thought that Maiden's Punt would be better) to Melbourne, at each great terminus of the railway, i.e., at each of the capitals of the three colonies. Docks capable of accom modating the largest class of ocean steamers were to be constructed. We need scarcely inform our readers that, notwithstanding His Grace the Duke of Newcastle forwarded copies of the scheme to the Governors of the colonies embraced in it, (he ' matter fell through, evidently bring too premature. The last ten years has, however, witnessed the for warding of that portion of Mr. Justice Boothby'-s idea which embraced the formation of a line from Maiden's Punt to Melbourne. In the same schems Mr. Justice Boothby suggested the practicability of an intercolonial penny postage. Justice Boothby's salary as a Puisne Judge is £1,3110 per annum, is fixed by the Constitution Act of the province, and consequently ou the Queen's Civil last.'' The Mayoralty.—A requisition has .been presented to Mr A. Sidney Clark, inviting him to become a candidate for the Mayoralty, but he has declined in favour of Mr. William Kyffiu Thomas. Municipal Elections.— We understand that Mr. James Whiting and Mr. Joseph Mel lor have consente 1 to allow themselves to he nominated for the vacancies which wiil shortly exist in Grey and Gawler Wards. Excesses on Votes.—A Paper, containing excesses on votes for 1SG3-4, has been laid on the table of the Assembly. The amounts are as follows:—Parti.—Establishments, £ J, SO'7s. lid.; Part IL A.—Public Woiks, £80 :j; Part II. 13.— Immigration Fund, £78 3s. (id.; Part I1L —Public Works from loans, £17,70219s. Cd.; gr. nd total of excesses. £23,413 10s. lid. House op Assembly.—Some discussion took place in the Assembly on Thursday in reference to the item of £1,500 for deepening the harbour at Port Adelaide. The Treasurer stated that the deepening was required in the channel near the ■ wharfs, for the shipping arriving at Port Adelaide was increasing to an unexpected extent, and there was no room alongside the wharfs. The ships now coming here were larger than at any previous time. They were a better class of vessels altogether; and the total tonnage from the beginning of the year showed an increase of at least one-tliird upon any corresponding period of previous rears. These statements of the Treasurer lead to two conclu sions—First, that the new tariff has not lessened our foreign imports, as some persons said it would; and secondly, that a large harbour suited for first class ships is more than ever one of the great necessities of the colony. Sale of Bailwats.—A Bill has been laid on the table of the Assembly, authorizing the Govern ment to sell the railways of the colonies. It con sists of the following clauses:—"!. The Governor may sell any railway, the property of the Crown, or vested in or under the control of the Commis sioner of Bailways, or any other person or Board on behalf of the Crown, by public auction or private contract, and subject to such terms and conditions as to him may seem meet, and may do all acts which may be necessary to vest any rail way so sold in the purchaser thereof. 2. The purchaser shall take any railway so sold, subject to the provisions of any general law affecting railways in the said province, and to any Act or Acts regulating the railway so sold." Smitheiel Farmers' Club.—The Farmers' Club of Smithbeld held heir first anniversary dinner on Friday, when a number of members and friends, including the Hon. E. McEUister, and Messrs. Glyde and Cavenagh, the representatives of the district, favoured the occasion with their attendance. Mr. T. Hogarth, the President, occupied the chair, and Mr. J. Smith filled the vice-chair. A pleasant evening was spent, and the proceedings were brought to a close about 1 o'clock. Bathing at Glenelg.—"A Visitor" at our favourite watering-place complains, however un gallantly, with some appearance of reason, of the extension of the ladies' bathing-ground at Glenelg. ■ The space between the creek and the jetty is, he .thinks, ample, and it certainly is well defined and easily protected from male intrusion. To enlarge the ladies' limits southward of the jetty throws their bathing-ground open to such extended obser vation that it is difficult to say where the line that must be drawn somewhere can be placed so as to protect them, without compelling the gentlemen to walk an oppressive distance before they can enjoy a dip in the briny. The Northern Tebbitoby.—"We are requested to direct attention to a notice in our advertising columns, announing the intended establishment of an agency in the Northern Territory by Mr. John Stuckey. Pobt Adelaide Cricket Club.—We are in formed that at a meeting held at the Exchange Hotel on Monday, 17th inst., a Cricket Club was formed, to be called the Port Adelaide Cricket Club. Mr. A. Li. Puliation being appointed Secre tary, and Mr. Adams Treasurer, a Managing Com mittee was appointed, and several gentlemen gave in then names as willing to join. There is every prospect of a numerous and influential Club, and the day for playing the opening game was fixed. The appointment of President and other honorary officers was postponed to a future meeting. Pairing Off.—In the House of Assembly on Friday week the following paired oil":—For Mr. Townseud's motion respecting the Northern tramway, Mr. Bakewell; against it, the Attomey GeneraL For the recommittal of the Assessment on Stock Bill, Messrs. Bakewell and Bagot; against it, Messrs. Glyde and Cavenagh. Wine Association at Willunga.—A corre spondent at Willunga writes, under date October 17" This afternoon a very large and influential meeting of winegrowers of this neighbourhood was held at the Alma Hotel, for the purpose of esta blishing a Wine Association. I am happy to inform you that the result of the meeting was most satisfactory. Besolutions were passed and sub scriptions collected to bring the Association into immediate operation. It is contemplated to hold a Show before harvest, of which due notice will be given by advertisement.'' A Useful TTint fob Shearing Time.—The Riverine Herald says: " IkePasioralTimcs rather jeers at Mr. Tupholme's advertisement cautioning the settlers-against employing shearers who may have been lately emploi ed in scabby districts. It is. however, a well-known fact that scab has been communicated to flocks, very unintentionally, no doubt, by men who have shortly before been among diseased sheep; and it is absolutely neces sary, in order to ensure safety, that the clothes worn in scabby sheds should be thrown aside before going among clean flocks. The acarus will live for a very long time in the grease which neces sarily accumulates on the tronsers. " Oddfellqwship.—The quarterly district meeting of the Independent Order of Oddfellows, M.U., was held on Tuesday, October 18. at the Freemasons' Tavern, Delegates from most of the Lodges were present, and the usual amount of business was transacted. The Committee closed at half-past 7 o'clock. Forestry.—Anew Court of the Ancient Order of Foresters was opened on Saturday, October & at the bouse of Host W. Hobkirk, Northern Hotel, Fort Augusta, under the title of "Court Pride of the North, No. 4121," when 2-3 members were initiated as founders and several others proposed, The officers delegated by the District Officers to open the Court were P.C.B. D. W. Gunn and P.C.E. W, Hack, of Court Concord, who were assisted by Brother Lambert Lynch, and Birch of the same Court; Brother Trewenack, of Court Kadina, and Brother C.B. Walters, of Court Huntsman's Pride. The Court being (dosed, about 40 members and friends sat down to an excellent supper, to which ample justice was done. P.C.E. Hack occupied the chair; and on the removal of the cloth gave the usual loyal and patriotic toasts. The health of the District Officers was proposed by Brother Lambert, and drunk with honours. P.C.B. Gunn responded on their behalf in a suitable speech. " The Presiding Officers and Visiting Brothers" was proposed by Brother Hyde, and responded to hy P.C.B. Hack, who thanked the company for the reception he and his colleagues had met with. He assured them he should always look back to the event with pride,' and promised a cordial welcome to any of the members who might on any occasion visit the Court to which lie belonged. Brother Young proposed "The Sur geon" and '-Lady Daly and the Ladies of South Australia," Brother Lynch " The Officers of the Court;" and Brother Barnes "The Host and Hostess," each of which toasts was drunk with enthusiasm. Several excellent songs enlivened the proceedings, and all present agreed that a most pleasant evening had been passed, aud ex- • pressed a hope that it might be only the precursor of others equally agreeable. Public Works.—The following tenders have been received at the office of the Engineer and Architect:—Constructing drains and filters at the : AdelaideGaol—W. McNamee, JE19310s. ^accepted); W. Lines, £212. Copper.—We take the following from Hunt's "Mineral Statistics of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for 1883:—"Our copper mines have for some few years exhibited a regular falling off in their rate of production. Two hundred and twenty-two copper mines, of which 190 are in Devonshire and Cornwall, gave 210,947 tons .of copper ore, themoney value of this being £1,100.554. By smelting this ore we obtained 14,247 tons of fine copper. In addition-to this we imported from foreign and colonial mines 26,386 tons of copper ore, which gave 4,461 tons of metal, sold at public sales; and 70.498 tons of copper ore, producing 17,509 tons of copper, were sold oy private contract. Of the foreign ore we imported hum Chili 25,966 tons, and 18,708 tons of regolus, while Cuba sent us 15,570 tons of ore and 858 tons of regulus." Meteorological Observations. — We have been favoured by Mr. C. Todd, Superintendent of Telegraphs and Observer, with the first of a series of monthly tables showing the amnnni .of ozone contained in the atmosphere as registered every 24 hours. The careful record of meteorological phenomena is attracting increased attention in the scientific world, not merely in reference to abstract principles, but with a view to the determination of the laws by which such phenomena are governed. The final result will probably be beneficial to the human race to an extent and in a direction we can scarcely at present imagine. Free Selection in Eiverina.—The Pastoral Times says:—"We hear that-it is intended to mea sure off for small farms all the land along the roadside between TVToama and Deniliquin imme diately, in which case we should think that the demand for land would be satisfied for some time to ceme, the distance being nearly 50 wiiW 'The chief infringement will be on Mr. O'Shanassy's run (Moira) and Mr. Hogg's run (Mathonra). The forest land would appear horn experience to offer good opportunities for vine cultivation, and per haps for a little farming. The policy of the Go vernment should be to select such land, "and give the open plains to the pastoral lessees, who would devote it to shecpfarming. We .should hot com mit havoc unnecessarily on this kind of country. We feel satisfiedthat by observing those rides the squatters' - rights' would be. protected pretty generally, and that all who arc reasonably inclined to yield for the general good would not have much to complain of. To throw open107,000,000of acres for free selection is certainly a grand idea, but it bespeaks neither statesmanship nor justice, and is nothing less than a piece of twliees foUy," Lost is the Bush.—Mr. H. J. Hall, the poly phunist, and party left Moonta for Green's Plains early on Sunday morning last (011 their tray to Adelaide), a distance by the short cut of only 13 miles. After losing sight of the township the road suddenly brohe ofi", and the driver, thinking again to see the track, proceeded onward through the bush, where neither the road they had left nor a continuation could be found, and for nine hours the parlies were entirely bewildered where to turn or go, having completely lost their way, and driven many miles through the dense scrub. At 4 in the afternoon they sighted Kadi nil, being then just 12 miles from their destination. The consequence was (hat the polyphonist on the following day could not reach the township of Watervale, a distance of 60 miles, iu time to give his enter tainment. This unavoidable breach in his arrange ments was no doubt as annoying to those who expected the entertainment as it was to the poly phonist himself. Pain in the Fab North.—We learn from private sources that up to the date of the latest advices rain does not appear to have gone further north than Arkaba or Wilpena. Melanchoet Accident. — A correspondent sends us the following:—"Mrs. Greig (lately a resident in Adelaide), her daughter-in-law, and three of her sons—Henry, Edward, and Alexis have been drowned by the upsetting of a boat in Sydney harbour. The boat was picked up on Longbeach and a hat belonging to one of the parties. Ho trace of the bodies had been found up to the time of this communication." Fibe at a Station in the North.—From a private letter, dated Umberatana, October 13, we have been permitted to extract the following infor mation respecting a fire which took place at the Mulligan cattle station, belonging to Messrs. Elder & Stuckey, and situated about 50 miles from Blanchewater:—"Theoverseer at Mulligan came here last Friday to inform us that the house and stoie had been burned down, with everything in them. The fire broke out about 3 o'clock in the morning, when all on the station were asleep. The overseer and his wife were aroused by some gun powder exploding; aud saw the roof over their heads on fire. They had just time to escape and save the station-books. The fire appears to have originated in a very strange manner. The station is completely overrun with rats similar to English rats, and they have beenlvery troublesome in the store. It is supposed that they got into the cue with the matches and set them off. I do not see that any blame or charge of carelessness can be attached to any one, and consider they were fortu nate in saving the kitchen, &c.;, as the store is within 10 yards of the kitchen, and all the buildings had thatched roofs." The damage in stores and injury to the house is estimated at about £160. The overseer will lose from £40 to £50 himself, and he had to borrow trousers and boots to come down in. The Wreck of the Colombo.—We have seen a letter written from Adelaide to England which was saved from the wieck of the Colombo. The letter contained printed matter as well as manu script. The former does not appear to be effected in the slightest degree by its submersion, whilst the latter is almost totally obliterated. Neither the address on the envelope nor the name of the writer inside can be deciphered, and the wonder is how after nearly two years' wandering it has returned to the writer here. We know that the officials in the London 'Post-Office can make out any sort of writing,however puzzlingthe hieroglyphics may be; but to make out a name from what is as nearly as possible a blank page is something wonderful The New Steamer Eleanor.—This new steam - tug will make a trial trip to-day, and to-morrow she will make an excursion trip from Port Ade laide to the Bay, and return to the Port in time for the last up train. Supreme Court.— Mr. Justice Gwynne sat on Friday morning to try the cause of Heydecke v. Heydeckc. Subsequently the Full Court sat, and His Honor having reported to his colleagues that he considered the allegation of adultery sustained a decree for dissolution of marriage was issued. A similar decree was granted in Sharp v. Sharp, as well as an order constituting the father of the peti tioner guardian to the two children she had by her husband. A rule nisi for a new trial was refused in Saint v. Beynolds—a case tried in the Adelaide Local Court. Mr. Palmer brought forward no less than seven motions with varying success in respect of cases adjudicated upon in Local Courts over which Messrs. J. S. Browne, S.M., and M. Mac Dermott, S.M1, preside. The Full Court will sit again on Monday, October 31, being the First Hay of Term. Yabhala Gap.—A letter received by the last mail from the Far North says "Debney and Wood forde have struck good water at Yarrala Gap." Druids.—In another part of this paper will.be found a reeord of the brothers present and the business transacted at the quarterly meeting of the United Ancient Order of Druids, Adelaide District. Chalmers Church.—The alterations and repairs of Chalmers Free Presbyterian Church. North terrace, being completed, it will be reopened for divine worship to-morrow. The Bev. J. Jefieris will preach in the morning, the Bev. J. Cope in the afternoon, and ihe'Bev. C. W. Evan in the evening. KaNmantoo Mining and Smelting Compact, Limited.—The half-yearly meeting of the share holders was held at the offices of the Company, Gresham-chambers, King William-street, on .Fri day. October 2L at 3 p.m.—Mr. W. A. Wearing in the chain The Chairman briefly - addressed' the shareholders, arid then called on the Secretary, Mr. J. Hamlin, to read the report of the Directors, and that of Captain {Penberthy, which seemed to afford much satisfaction. The financial statement, returns, and balance-sheet were also read arid adopted together with the reports first mentioned. The two retiring Directors, Messrs. Whitington and Noltenius, were re-elected,, as were also the retiring Auditors, Messrs. Brown and Wicksteed The question of selecting a site for the' new smelt ing works having been left to the Directors with suitable acknowledgments, a vote of thanlna was passed to the captain for his exertions on behalf of the Company. The explanations and figures cal culated to show the desirableness of a speedy resumption of smelting, operations, and the im proved prospects of the Kamnantoo Company's Mine, were generally appreciated. Adelaide Wesletan Mutual Improvement Association.—The Bev. H. T. Burgess, of Strath albyn, delivered on Friday evening October 21, the - usual monthly lecture in connection with the above Association. The at tendance was tolerably large and the "Vice-President (the Bev. W. Brown) occu pied the chair. The lecturer in commencing his subject, " The Beligion of Astronomy,glanced in _ „f fho ! a pleasing, eloquent strain at the various scienbes, and referred to their great utility in revealing to man the wondrous construction of the universe. In a few - explanatory remarks he stated that it was not his intention to lecture on astronomy, hut on the teachings of astronomical science. He then -proceeded to consider and to dwell upon the harmony which existed between astronomy and the reflations of ***** Bible, adverting to the alleged inconsistencies with which in earlier times the theologian regarded biblical allusions, and showing how these "glar ing inconsistencies-' consisted merely in inci dental references to appearances in regard to the notion oE heavenly - bodies.: He : argued that astronomy revealed the existence of a God, and much of His nature, though but little of Hischa- - racier. He gave then - his opinions oh the hypo thesis that. the world at one time was com- . posed of nebulous matter, and with the aid of a diagram succeeded in making dear the diffi culties into whichthat part of hissdbject was con nected. The lecturer .also treated upon the philo sophy of light .and other matters connected with, the aiience of astronomy, and .concluded a pro fitable and entertaining lecture by making a few observations upon the extent of creation as forcibly illustrating elm glory and majesty of God. The customary thanks, having been accorded the able lecturer, the Chairman dosed the proceedings by prohoundngthe benediction. The Bev. John Dunn.—We leara that tins gentleman, to whom we have before referred, arrived here on the 30th September last. The rev. gentleman had visited Sydney for the purpose of consulting an eminent oculist there with regard to his sight, and has received so mnch benefit that it is thought, though be is unequal to foreign labour, he will be able to pursue thewprk of the - ministry at home. We understand Mr. Dunn ia under the direction of the Sydney. Missionary Committee until the next Conference; hut arrange ments have been made for him to take charge of the Bev. P. C. B. Ossher's circuit at Clarendon, that gentleman having obtained leave of absence for six months to recruit his health. This wfif give Mr. Dunn an opportunity of trying whether toe weak state of his eyes will allow him to attend to all the duties of toe ministry, and if not he will be obliged to return to secular pursuits. Land Sold by Private Contract.—During the month of September, 1861, there were sold by private contract 6,509 acres of waste lands, realizing £6,509. Population.—The passengers reported at Pott Adelaide for toe week ended 15th October were:— Inwards—Men, 207; women, 161; boys, 34; and girls, 36. Outwards—Men, 18; women, 14; boys, 1; and girls, L Cereal Exports.—The export of breadstofis daring toe week en ded 15th October were:—Wheat, 4,405 qrs.; flour, 191 tons; bran and pollard, 73£ tons; oats, 10 qts. Bubra. Shares—Messrs. Parr & Lnxmoore offered at auction on Tuesday, October 18. 16 Bona shares, which were bought in at £68 5s. Competitive Examinations.—An official state- - ment of toe names of candidates who passed at toe Competitive Examinations, in September; 1864, and of the prises and certificates awarded, together with an abstract of toe Examiners' report, appears in the Government Gazette of last week. Bailway IBaihc.—The traffic on toe South Australian railways for the week ended 15th Oc tober was:—Port line—Passengers, 5,222; fares, £24118s. 2d.; goods,£363 16s. 10<L North Line —Passengers, 1,565; fores, £440 3s.2d.; goods, £926 12s. 8d- Total, £1,97210s. 10<L ' Erratum.—In our Eapunda letter, which ap pears in another column, in reference to the Browne Testimonial, for "two Magistrates" read "2t," 