. MELBOURNE. ' A-'i (Argus.) A private , exhibition .ot the real legitimate ghost of Professor Pepper, recently imported by the ship, Lincolnshire, took place last evening, in the presence of a few gentlemen at the Prin cess's Theatre. Mr Cosford, the gentleman who has charge of this interesting stranger, holds a power of attorney from Professor Pepper, under whose superintendence the illuminating appara tus was prepared at the London Polytechnic. The exhibition last night was confined to the production of the ghost upon the stage, without any attempt being inade to conceal tho apparatus . by which the effect was produced. The repre sentation was perfect, the reflection of the origi nal being complete to the minutest detail. As the illuminating power was lowered, the figui e grew gradually dimmer ; but still being the only source of light- upon the mirror, it was still faintly discernible until all was utterly dark. A very curious effect, showing the action of one sense upon another, was produced when the lady who acted as " image " sang a stanza of a ballad. The lips of the reflection being seen in motion, the ears were irresistibly persuaded by the eyes to believe, in spite of knowledge of the contrary, that the sound issued from the reflec tion, in quite a different direction from the actual singer. Altogether, although the acces sories of situation, surrounding circumstances, ghostly attire, &c.;, were all- wanting, and actual illusion was consequently out of the question, yet the merely optical . part of the exhibition, that which was alone attempted, could only be regarded as an eminent success. The difference between the modus operandi of the ghost of last evening and that of former pretenders to the name, consist mainly in a more scientific arrangement of the reflectors and a more perfect power of illumination. - (Age.) We learn that, in all probability, Mr Ham- mett, formerly traffic superintendent of the Vic torian Railways, will shortly receive an appoint ment in the same department. This gentleman's services were dispensed with through the machinations of the late secretary, Mr Nash. After several protracted sittings of a board of inquiry, the charges preferred against Jiim were reported to be groundless ; and, as he cannot be restored to the same lucrative position he for merly held, it is said to be the intention of some of his friends, on the re-assembling of Parlia ment, to bring his case before the Assembly for the purpose of procuring him an adequate com pensation. For some time past the Melbourne Cricket Club has been the subject of public remark. Several gentlemen, of recognised position, who rlACirArl tn ViAnnmp TnpmlYArc TinvA KAATI H1JIP.1T- wv hailed ; and.it is said that one ofthe judges nar rowly escaped the samefate. A clique of wretched 1 upstarts has systematically opposed the admis sion of every;personinanywayobnoxioustoit. To i have incurred the dislike of one brought down i the enmity of the whole, and they were suffi ciently numerous to keep out whom they chose. The club, to preserve its respectability, has adopted a rule that one black ball in five shall exclude a candidate. Consequently, a small but active clique exercises a secret and nncontrol- able power, and they sit in judgment, on every person who may be weak enough to covet membership. Who theyare isno secret, although they have been careful not to avow themselves. On the contrary, if an unsuccessful candidate were tocquestion separately the members present when he was rejected, he would be astonished to -find that all were for him, and none against him, and that all deeply regretted the loss of his company. Weman understand that the opposi tion to' the judge -may have arisen from filial piety. . There are colonial families that have an aversion to all judges, handed down from sire to son. The sub-committee of the Flood Relief Asso ciation met in the Towfa Hall on Tuesday after noon. The members present were Messrs Har- court, Sturt, and Wragge. Only two cases of an urgent- nature were brought' forward, and t-hey were referred to Messrs Sturt and Har- court, to institute inquiries, with power to grant relief. ; A meeting of the general committee will be held in the same place, on Friday afternoon, when claims representing damage to the amount of between £13,000 aud £14,000 will be under consideration; (Herald.) A special meeting of the Council of the Board of Apriculfcure.was held ou Wednesday, when it was decided ; to -offer premiums for colonial wine and tobacco, and to give, prizes in aid of silk culture. It was also resolved on the motion of Mr Mackenzie, to apply to the Government for a grant of £4000 — half to be clistributed amongst the various agricul- biu-ai societies, ana nait to be expended, by toe Council in experiments ;aid prizes for the formation of- a National Agricultural Society. During the proceedings a sample of excellent brandy, 41 over proof, distilled at the Government Experimental distillery, under the inspection of the Chief Inspec tor of Distilleries, from wine of the Y ering vine- yafd, -which had been presented to the Council, was exhibited and greatly commended. llie first attempt to enforce the penal clauses of the Nicholson. Laud Act, against selectors uuder it-s provisions, was made on Wednesday, at the Lextou Police Court. Mr Robert Simpson, a squatter, was summoned for not having effected improvements on 214 acres (which he had purchased in December, 1S60, equal iu value to half the number of acres he had selected. Ths penalty lie- has thus rendered himself liable to was 5s per acre for 107 acres. On behalf of the. Crown, evidence was given that the only improvements on the property in December last were the remains of a dam and a few rods of old brush fence, nob worth more than £ 12. The coun sel for, the prosecution contended that, though the Nicholson Land Act had been repealed, yet the second, section of the statute of 1S62 kept alive the penalties cumulative and otherwise accruing under . ij- The principle objection urged on behalf of the defendant was that the penalties -were abolished with the Act which had been repealed ; and that the saving clause only applied -to those which had accrued at the time of the passing of. the later Act. . The Bench coincided with this view, and dismissed the case, iiot deeming it necessary to -consider two other points of a technical nature ; one as to their being no proof of the identity of the land conveyed to the defendant, aud that relating to which he was sued; the other, that the evidence respecting the improvements made had refereuce only to Decem- i ber, 1S63, whilst the improvements might have j been made aud removed pi eviously. As there were I a number of cases dependent on this one, the I magistrates consented to state a case for the opinion i of the Supreme Couit. It is extremely creditable ' th® _ conductors of the Herald that although /. Lextou is no less than 103 miles from Melbourne-' they made arrangements to obtain a full report of th:s important- case by express ou the day of hear- ' ing. Neither Lhe Argus nor the Ays exhibited a like interest in the matter. 