f. '?:< A BALLOON ASCENT. THB list of à »erie« of balloon ascent*, for aotentifio purposes, under tho direction of the British Association, took plage otic January 13th, from the Royal Arsenal at Woolwich'. This series of experiments necessities the nae of the balloon .ll the season, winter as well ai cummer, but for three months, since October 9th, the weather.was too unfavourable to allow of an aiaeat being attempted. On Janaray 12'h. however, Mesar» Glaisher and Coxwell managed toeffeot their aeventeenth ascent, being tho first that has ever beor* acobmnlished at that time of the year. Mr. Glaisher gives tho following report of their undertaking : - On Monday,'the 11th of January, the balloon wa thoroughly examined, aad it waa ready to ascend on Tuesdu s>t two o'clock in the afternoon.. . . -, No balloon, as far as I can ascertain, has asoended in England during the preaentcentury in the month of January and never one during any of the winter monthi which hos, reached any considerable elevation. ; . . ?.». Winter, aaoenta aro certainly the moat haiardoua; the balloon requires oonstant watching and attention. ; We therefore took oar friend Mr. T. Norria, of the Conservative Club, who has made prtviom ascents" and could assist Mr. Coxwell as well aa myself. Mr. Norria undertook to watch the dépositions of dew on the hygrometer^ and.to fill two large bags with air at the highest point we might reach for an *ylysis by Professor Tyndall. We took a dog and three rabbits, to note their behavouc, when above the cloud», and the effects of low temperature and sonden ohangea upon them. : The balloon'loft at Bevon minutes after two, with nearly à south wind, and passed over the river Tharne*, but when Vt tho height of 4 O feet the wind changed to a polut with a great deal of weat in it, »nd we found onrselves passing down the centre of the river. At 2b 9m at the height of 650 foot, we fell into a strong S.W. ourront we crossed Til- bury Ballway at Sh Km. Hainault Forest was west at. 2h 21 m aad our ooursewas N.E. or almost directly towards the' Blackwater River; under these oiroumstanooa we, did not dare to ree ,rta- we intended. At ah 43m we saw. a large townjenst of ns, whioh we thought was.Chelmsford, and inferred our oonrse was nearly N ; at 2 b 51 m, we saw Maldon and the. Blackwater at an esti- mated'distance, of fifteen to twenty mihs east. We were'then : about. 7500 feet high, tho wind continuing S, nearly. , We determined: to go above tho. oloudst at 3h8m we were 8500 feat high, and, tho wind veored to SSW ; at S h IOm we were 9500 feet high, and the wind changed tb SSE.nnd oontinued. so we believed, to our highest point, whioh waa 13,000 feet. 'Then the earth was quite obsonred and wo had. nothing whatever to guide us aa to our rate bf motion or of our locality, and, aa the ann would aet in little more than half an hour, we gave up the hope bf reaching' five miles, resolved to pass' downwards through the clouds, and, ascertain our position. At 87 minutes after 3 we were 10,500 feet high, in 5 minutes we desoesded tb 8,500 feet, and beneath the olonds still 6500 feet from the earth, whioh looked barren, and ai there was ho place that any of ns knew, we oould riot deter-; mine our locality at all. , At four; o'olook we saw; a forest of pines " : We still descended slowly to 1250'feet by teven minutes after four. Wo saw a village, and after pas lin g this, the earth looked barren ; there were no village a and. scarcely any habitations. The mist waa. so thiok wo oould hot see two miles ahead, and we oamo to tlie ground at 4 h IS m near Brandon. The temperature of the air, which on the ground waa 42 "degrees, doo'raared to S8J by 2U 25m ; then increased to' 45 degrees by 2 h 20 m and the sensation was ope of great 'warmth.' At 2 h 23 m it deoreased. to 41J degrees i was 38' degrees at' 2h 33 tit and 31 degrees at 2h 35m. 'At .6200 feet high it was'then nearly «instant, about thirty, degrees till 3h 0 rn, when our height was 7500 feet, it then 'decreased tb 20 degrees by Sh 16 m at tho height of 9500 foot, and continued to decroaBO, and'wat ll degrees at 3h 31 m at the height of 13,000 foot it inoreasod to 16 dogrecs ia six minutes on descending to 10,000, feot; and con- stantly increased with doorcase of elevation to 40 degrees ut the height bf 1000 fa t, and to 42 degrees on ¡the ground. '' , ' : ? ^ ' ' Although it was expected that' warm 'ourroàts of air might ha met with) it was quite unoxpeotod to meet with auch within'1000 feet of the earth; and 'extending to nearly 4000 feet high, the thtoknoss of this warm S.W. wind was fully 3O0O feet. i . At <tho -height of half-a-mlle tho temperature was nearly i degrees warmer than. on the ground; at thia heiçht hitherto wo have' always found tue temperatura from 12 degrees to 16 colder. > 'Dew was deposited at the temperature of 35 degrees before starting: at 36 degrees; between the rlieights of 1500 lind 3'00 feet, at 26 (legróos at 4100 feet ; dcoreasod to zero at 9S00 feet; and the dew point wris '4 degrees, 5 degreesi and 6 degroos bolow zero at heights ^exceeding lu OOO feet ; on passing below 10 OOO feet tho dow point was the same SB the temperature ot the air, and therefore the air. was maturated with moisto.ro and continued so till we.very nearly reaóhed the oarth. . On leaving, the earth was dall and the air very misty. When afterwards viewed, its appearance was very different from that.in Bummer'; all looked barron, bleak, andi Ice- bound; ovory sheet of water was covered with ice, atd Mr. Ooxwell notwithstanding his 502 nsoonts, enid he never before had Seen anoh shoots of water in their ' frozen aspect with those psouliar white fringed edges whioh attraoted our Bpeoial attention. At 2 h 45 m at the height of 7000 feet wo heard a rail* way, then the tick tick of a thrashing maohlne, and after- wards at the height of 72-0'feet, we heard people's voioes and these were, tho only sonada wo board. . Afc Ah; 20 ni, on looking down, wo saw snow b.-low us falling upon a fine eload,'whoso surface vas' unbroken and even, being free from'irregularities, and who e boundary lines were very sharply defined. < 'Afc this timo denso clouds .were far above us, and the air a?omed to ba fall of snow.' . At 3 h 31 m we wore about 13,00 J feet high,: and' ns wo .'were quite ignorant of all meteorological oonJitions in tho higher otmoipherè at this time of thc year: it was withitho' deepest regret that'I heard Mr. Cox well's doolsion to desoend. Wo were in fino but thick snow, wo had lost sight of the carib, with weboliovo no great length ol' land belora us, and even that being towards the sea liad we;i'oonded another mile our desoent must have been near the coast,' and considering that the sun was about ss'ting with laico sheets of vapour 'obsouring tbb vioir, I felt that'Mr.. Co.xwoll's judgments was quite wisely exorcised, and I abitaiaed from inuaenoin)* him in any way whatever. : From 3 h 32 m fine granular snow covered my noto-bo k, and continued till ah 47 m, when we wore about- entering oloads.in deaendlngi ' the thiokneis of whiob wasabuut COU feet, through whiob . spaoe wo pasted iu about two minutas., The balloon must have beon laden with snow..' The oloud was salarated with moisture, as was the air, below the cloud till within 1030 feet of tho earth. . '; At 3 h 2s m hoar frost ; all round Ibo neok : of Ibo balloon, is spikes of. leo half an inoh in length and over ropes in rich clusters of spikes of ¡OJ hulf an inoh in .length.- ,. -. ......j ... ,-. ,- . ? '!','!'.. At 4 h 'Om it became so dark that it was .with difficulty that Ifould'road tho instruments. Tho sun had set' u 'dense mist waa everywhere, and we oonld uot soe fnru-hiad. Mr. .Coxwell then began tho desoenfc. - The plaoej was quito hanron, and seemed.uninhabited. .The grapnel passed through' light sadd for some time, but tho Jcscont wns rnanoged'so admirably tbat' we dasie down without oiusing lnjary ,to a Singlo Irietrament. . "' < . ' The exact place iof descent, was Lnkenhoath Worran near Brandon., an open space of 2600 acres of looao sand, belonging to Mr. Phipp, who gave us, ev'ti-y attention, end to whom our belt thanfcs'aro tins for kind hospitality. - ' " . V Oar 'thanks aro ttlào dus to the heads bf the department at "Woolwioh. but'' particularly to Mr. Anderson, tba superintendant of.tba gosengineer, for,the. proper qnnlity of the gris , and for every nsbistanco in their pawer. ; Tba gin Was admirably adapted for our ).u pesé, foir .'whvn we oairio down wo had, no leis than' 34 bags of sand, or ia weight1 1500* Eocrerv CF lucres- Battons,-The 1.91b anniversary ( stirs) ol (bl» tooleijr wt! eelsbrated on S ,P*yid'a Dir, at tba Freemsions' Taff rr: Qrept Qascn- street, Lfnooln'i«; inn.fieldr, under tbo presidency oribe Earl of Shrews«; barr and Talbot, wbs numbered amongst bi« mora prc» ..minant aapportera the Earl o( Fowl*, Lord Dynevor. 31c Walkin Williams Wynn, Birt., H.P. ; Colonel th» HOD. B. T. Burley, M.P.; tba Hon. C. H. Tracy, M.P. ; the) HOD.' Godfrey Horgan, H.P. ; Mr.' J. X. Propprt; Major.1 General Wood, Mr. Charles Alexander Wocd,&\; Das) bonoar wis iona to tba asnal loyal toasts-eBretial re» ferenee being made to tba oonneotlon of the Priooe ol Wales with the Principality from wbieb he deslvea bis title ; and in the course oí the speeobes «hieb followtrT, varions opportunities w^ra taken todeBoribe.the tucaessfnl progress ot the soeiely and the satisfaetory reanlts-wbloh bsd attended tbs Welsh Charity Schools' connecte* therewith. Ia. raferenoe to tbs aobool it appeared front tbs aeeretary'a report for 1864, tbot 9981 boys had been admitted upon'the establishment'since its foundation* and wholly .maintained in the house. Ol ibeaa 1133 had bsso pat oat apprentioes, and premiama from £7 tot £10 had bseb given witb eaobv Five were pupil teachers, and tad been astiated with granta (ó boy brok*.; on« bad been fitted out and sent lo one, af the eolooicaj 19» bsd gone to sea, 881 hid gone to sertioe or wera other» wise provided for ; and 03 wera on the present es'ab. lisbment ' in tbs sohool- boase... 711 girls bsd¿ been admitted upon tba establishment' ind' wbol'y main«' tained,' and "of the.Be 600 had beert'sent to ser vioe cr otherwise provided for, 00 had baan pat out apprentises, three wera pupil, teachers, tc \T and 39 -ware in the sohool.boase of the present-establishment. The children having walked round tba room andQsana» and ode, written by Miss Fiorenpa Wilson, and adapted by Brinsley Biohards to an anoieot Walsh melody,- tba obairman delivered a brief spseob, in wbloh be espa. tiated npon tbe grast merits bf tba Booiety. and iha.large) amount of benefit Boorning from the establishment ot the aohools. His lordship made so earnest appeal to) the o:mpany for ; a oontinnanoo of their anpport to the» institution, and expresse! a hope that the Prlnoe oS Wales might ba induasd to preside at the next, tbe ¿60 H anniverssry feitival of tba snolety../Ho oonoloded ly, proposing ''Prosperity to the Walsh Charily Siboól, and perpetuity to the Honorable and Xoy 1 'Society of Anaienl Britons." Thia toast was, reooived with th« mo.t ooidial sojlsmations, and Mr, O. Shaw, the aecra* tory, in due ooaree, reed artist of subscriptions amount» log in all to upwsrda of £1000. - "w DEATHS DY FLOOD Fina DXINX AN»V WABJ-On Sunday afternoon a collection was made for tbe sufferers from the Sheffield flood, after a sermon on the subject bjr the Rev. Newman Hall. In bia Introductory. observations be referred to tbe supreme value set on human life by that community, who were properly shocked at the less of 25» lives, and Insisted on vigorous roeosurea to prevent tha reonrrenoe of snch catastrophes. But we should bo, con- sistent, and gnard no less against other causes of unneoeesarv" death. Dr. Lankester, ooroser for West Middlesex^ hool told bim that out . of 48 deaths by. burning) whiob cama under his notioe last year 23 were of persons "above tera years old. and of these 21 wer o females, "tho .majority, IE not the whole, of whom were victims of, extended dresses.'". It was said that in three years, S500 women bad thus1 beear .boret alive in this country. : Should not Christian wbmeae ooDBider - the propriety of disco-tinning à ousters sa destructive of life, and was it not right for Christian ministers to tue their infiaenoe in. a queitioa whiob wa[s nob one simply of taste, but of humanity ! , The same coroner, during the last year, held 1093 inquests. Of these. 33) cases were aBoribed to excessive drinking, 379 wore aooldents» 02 suioides, and' 521 sadden deaths. Dr. Lankestcr.¡ saiil that judging from* the evidenoe given, two-thirds of th« suioides, half the acoidents, and one-third ,of- the' natural deaths were dlreotly or indirectly oauseil "by excessive) drinking. This would give .437 deaths from drink: ino» . single joar, iii a single distriot under a single coroner's "observation. It was a low computation that 20,000 portons i died from drink in this country every year ; to tbat far mors perished thai every week than in the Sheffield flood. , Should not the oonoern for tbe,' preservation of life elicited ' by that disaster lead to earnest efforts to protect lilo, frotrt -still more destructive agencies ? Beferonro was then mad» to the, wholesale, ravages of . war, and surprise expressed . that many who seemed'Bhooked. at the. Eaorifico of life ab Sheffield should often speak recklessly of war, and advocate pur country engaging in it when the first battle ' would ia ./all/probabiliti destroy teri times as^many.- Va ly '.Ñcipi. r A CHILD.toisONDD uv ITS MOTHBB-A tdipa'ctng-chilcl murder bas Just been eommitted in Suffolk. The viitim is a little boy, aged throe years, named Froderiofe Brpwij, the) illegitimate child of a young woman named Julia, Brown* the daughter of a Jonrneyman blapksmith ab - Feltham, « ,village near Bury ,8t. Edmunds, but who has for eomo 'time* 'past, been living in service in ; the. adjacent: parish of Brottenham. It appears that the d«oeaeed lived with his grandfather at Feltham, and the young woman lait woeic 1 ' went over for the purpoa j of seelpg.her. mother; vj hp wis 11V Slio Btayod one night, and shortly- before' she wis about leaving on tho following morning, to return to her situation, .tho child waa taken suddenly illand beoamo violently eioky ami continued to get worse ti l about truee o'clook in tho) afternoon, when lt died A Burgoon was «ont for and sa» it just before its doath, and os be wai. unuble aatiifaotoriiy tb account for the decoase, a pott no tin ox'aiui.nation wast, made. The atomsoh was found to'bo lilied With a ¡darle gelatinous fluid and was perforated in two plaoos¡ there* were, also other nppoarahoos.,ÍDO0ns¡stont, .willi death Jfrona, natural causes. An inquest was accordingly held before* tho ooronor for the district, when1 the' facts above1 stateil. weiro proved In evidence, and. n'so that tho deoeased badi oaten a cake wbiali lils mother had brought him and wbiob, she stated, aha bought of a woman on tho road, together with two other Bindiar oakos Whioh slio gave to her little) pother and elater ; it happened however, that neither oC theae two last-montioriod oakes had been eaton, and ano off "thom " was ' given tb the surgeon, At tho ^ voit morten* ^examination tho' stomach ond,JnteBtii.ea ,of'tho, (]co]eascdI we're removed and banded over to a surgeon, resident at Bury, for nnaiysii,, ond the inquest was. adj .urned until "Friday last fer tho purpose of ascertaining tho result., Oat Friday it wns proved that the death ot'tho child wai oausedf hy concentrated Bulphurio acid, and on scareliiug tho boxoC tho.mother, ono of her dressestvhioh »ho.hud worn on that day she went home) was found to be very much burnt withe the same aold. ' Tho evidence left the Jury no alternativa hnt'.to. return, a verdict .of.,',' Wilful murder" against Julia» , Brown, and the ooroner made out his warrant,, committing; her,to take her trial upon tho ohargo ft^ (.lie npproaobing1 assizes at Bury St' Edmunds. - Va ly -N'ticu, February 10.$ A GHOST STÖRT AND ITS BKBUXTS.-A strange-story is told in connexion with the report of tho mulder at toa* on board of the barque .Pontiac, of Livorroo). by Jean. Moyatos, a Greak sailor, now,in custody nb Edinburgh» Wo"do not know whether tho'particulars « o ni e about to relate have como out in the investigation, hut undoubtedly they havo a strong bearing on tho case,, and ranko it pro« bible that but for the hallucination ot' ono of the crew-. rio t tho G i eek sailor-tho murder would nob have hnppoood. It may be " remembered that on (ho 13t.li October last Ava Uaya after the Poiitiuo lott Callao, Jo»n Moyatos murdorotC one'of his -follow soamon, and »tubbed nuDthçr in such a, dangerous; manlier that ' his'Ufo'was dispa rod i f. Twa nights buforo tho fatal, ooourrenco Hie mate of the Pontiac* Was1 standing near tho ti'un- at tho littra no olhor person hoing on tho quartor-dcok at tho timo, when tho latter In gréât terror oallo J out, « Whot ¡B Unit near tliooabiu door?"i The mato replied that ho io> nothing mid looked about ta sjo if any one was near; but' he failed to disbovér nnyf person The.. steersman then much- terrified,.-.iaid tho figuro ho saw waa that of a strange looking man, oE ghostly appearance, and almost .immediately afterwards oiohiimsr1, " Thero he ia again, standing at,' tho captain s window I" . The mate, though In vio* of "the captain's! window, saw no figuro' tioar it; nor. at any other part oE tho quarter-dock, though ho lookod round'and rounj. Nexb day the report wont from ono to tho other, that a ghost wast on board,'wnioh filled some of'tho sailors «Ith alarm, whila others mado a jest of it. Next nighl, a1 hoy (a stowaway), was BO dreadfully alarmed in his hunk by something ho saw pr felt (we do riot know which), that lie critd out so loudly, ns td waken all the seamen: .in bed. The hoy WRB sore IS . wris tho ghost 'scon tho .previous night that had frightened! him , and-O.hers'of more mature years were iaolined tot think so too. Perhaps'more'than one-half Of those ont bourd believed that something sur-f rtmtnral wai on board» und that Borne calamity, was .about- to happen. Bat tlioro woro two on-board who did not -boliovo tko. ghost stories, and those woro tho' mau who wan miirderod and his comT. 1 'hanlon who was '.stabbed. "The/former joked Wllfi tho hoy j aliout tho ghost, and' said ho would'.have , bis i knife weft sharponod and ready.- for the ghost if, It appeared'tho noxts night.' ' He would glvoit n stab and ." olmçx " lt overboard. The latter Joined in .tho joke. saying, ho also' would help .<< io do" for tho ghost, and others Bsld they, would hava letters readyfor tito ghbst to carry to their friends in tho. .dlhvrworld. Jenn Moyatos overboard what.waá.said as tor stab' ing and 'throwing overboard - and in oonscquonoa oC his imperfect knowledgo'of tho'English language, andt ' havlDg provionsly suppseod thero was a comMnati5a>gaInsb him, thought tho threats weroraado avalait him, and tbero foro resolved ' to proteos himself. A few hours after tba .josting wo havo briefly explained toi ls'plnOo ha stabbed tba two men who .principa ly carried on thu Jost) with tho fatal result known. The murdori ns might bo expected, fillodt ovory. ono on board with horror ; and tho terror? of thc» sailors who believed thero WOB » glioit on board WM over« .whelming.?,-: At night, whether in bed or on watch on deck» they had great dread, whioh wai liok'litenod by'rop&rts; thafi ; 'strange noises wore l.o.ird below, Not oven at Ufo oad oC ¡the voyngo/had the fear, been ovoroomo; for after the shin : wdB moored in tho docks two of tho crew who had agrcodC ,ii Bleep oh hoard beoamo' BO,frighloned -after itbslr com i, «pinions wore pa!d off that they refusoil . to-rctn»¡U in luoj [ vessel at night.-Bcttiman, 