LOCAL NEWS. ILLEGALLY ON PREMISES.-On Thursday, at the Wes Maitland police court, Archibald Fairley was bronght np on the oharge of baing illegally on the premises of W. H. Mullen. The prisoner bad been found in Mr. Mullen's yard on tho previous evening in a half-drunken Btate, and when asked to go away ho became very abusive. Mr. Mullen Baid he did not wish to press the oharge, and the prisoner (who stated that be had come np from Woodford the same day to see the races, and had taken too mnch drink), was then discharged with a caution. OWEN M'DONALD r. FRANCIS BUCE.-MARGARET SCANLON V. THOMAS HANRAHAN.-There was no appear- ance at the West Maitland police court, cn Thursday, of the above parties, when the casos in which they were concerned were to have been heard. STEALIVO A FAIR OF TROUSERS -William Jonoa was brought before the benoh at West Maitland on Thursday, charged with stealing a pair of trousers, tbo property of Michael Kelly. The trousers, it appeared, had been taken from a olothes line in the Horse-shoe Bend, When missed, information of tho loss was given at Air. Ingram's pawnshop. The prisoner presentod the trou- sers at that plaoe, desiring to pawn them, but as the caution had already been received, the pawnbroker refu- sed to tako them, and the prisoner was given into cus- tody. The trousers were valued by (he complainant, who provod that they wore his, at lOi. The prisoner, elect- ing to bo dealt with summarily, was convicted and sent to gaol for a month. OHSCENE LANGUAGE.-Edmund Hobbs was convicted by the bench at West Maitland, on Thursday, of making use of obscene language, and was fined 10s. or threo days' imprisonment. POLICE BUSINESS -There were sit cases on the police sheet for hearing by the benoh at West Maitland on Thursday. Messrs. E. D. Day, A. W. M'Dougall, and P. Green were the sitting magistrates.--Two cases were disposed of by Mcaars. E. D. Day, G. B. White, and A. Dodds, at the East Maitland police court, yesterday. Tun MOBPETH BÜILDIKO SOCIETY- A Morpeth cor- respondent writes us¡-"This eooiety will offer, I hear, on Monday next, a liberal 'advance' to its members, I am also glad to learn there is a prospect of a Maitland gentleman taking an BO ti vo part ¡nits management, and holding a monthly meeting in our town. The society is very peculiarly adapted to the working classes-princi pally tho borrowing class-while the advantages to the investing members are considerable ; in addition to the satisfaction of knowing that tbo borrowors have raised themselves in the social Beale, added to the comforts of their wives and families, improved the appearance of their township, and assisted in keeping the labour market active. A largo number of additional »bares are being taken np in this locality, and it is anticipated that the full nnmber (500) will be fully paid up before the end of (he first financial year of the society, in December next. Your frequent advocaoy of these good sooial institutions is sufficient exouse for thus again noticing the successful working of this-tho first building society started in this distriot." ATTACK ON Bisnor PATTESON'B MISSIONIBT BOAT BT NATIVES.-The Auckland Southern Croa, oí 16th Sep. tomber, gives a narrative of tbo last missionary oruis? of Bishop Patteson, in the schooner Southern Cross. The Bohooner l«fc Auokland May 10th, and returned on 15th Septomber. After paying missionary vhits to Norfolk Ialand, Erromanga, Banka Islands, and the New Hebrl. des, the Bishop proceeded to visit Curtis Island. Here, on the 15th August, an attack WSB made by the natives, whioh resnlted in the death of two of the crew of the Southern Cross. Tbo Bishop had as usual landed from his boat, at two different points along the coast (appa- rently very well peopled) and then again went on shore, wading for some distance over the reef, nncovorod at low wator, the boat a« usual in such cases lying off. Kot leas than from SOO to 400 natives were assembled. In about half an hour the Bishop returned to the boat, without as yet suspecting any unfriendliness on the part of the na- tives. But, on the boat attempting to pull ont, uoveral natives, who wore swimming round her, attempted to hold and drag her baok, whilo others on the reef close at hand menaced tbem with their bows,- and on the men in the water being obliged to 1st go, as the boat gathered way, those) on the reef com- menced shooting, and vory quickly three of the crew were struck, viz. ¡-E. Pearce in ohbst, disabled at once ¡ Edwin Nobb, in ohest and FUbor Young through tho wrist ; both, however, managed to pull till the sail WBB hoisted. The natives now gaye ehaso in their canoes, shooting repoatedly, and shouting to othors who were re. turning from the sohoonor to cut tbem off, whioh they endeavoured to do; at length getting into the breeze, Bishop Patteson was enabled to make tail and so reuoh tho voasel. No ouse oan be assigned for the above attaoV, all having buen aivil and apparently friendly up to the timo of Riahop Patteson's getting into the boat. The vrounda of Fisher, Young, and Edwin Nobbs appeared alight in therasolroa, and for. a few days appeared to do well ; but in the case of F. Young, symptoms of lockjaw soon appeared, of which he died on the 22nd August. He was buried at Port Patteson. In E. Nobb's case the same Symptoms did not present themselves for severa! days after this, and werolcss acute. Ho died on the fllh of Soptumber, and waa buried at sea. Ë, Piorot's wound ia nearly well. This untoward event broko up the missionary oruise somewhat, occasioning delays whioh ultimately forced tho return of the sohoonor to Now Zealand without revisiting Norfolk Island. COMPUSIENTABY DisNEB TO Mn. BOBAS, M.L A.-The constituents of Mr. Burns, resident about Loehinvar, Luskintyre, and Bishop's Bridge, purpose giving that gentloraan a complimentary dinner a few days before the oommenoement ot the approaohing session. A eommitteo bssbaen partly formed, aud other arrangements are being made to ensure auccess to the entertainment. ASSACI.T WON MB. OBOBOE LEE,-On Thursday evening an assault was oommitted upon Mr. George Lee. The objeot of the rulliau in committing the as- sault is altogether inexplicable. The ciroumstanoes are as follows :-About eight o'olnok on the alovo evening, aa Mrs. Lee was going out of her own house, near the Viotoria Bridge, to that of her noighbour, alie saw a man about the place ; Bite spoke to him, asking bim what he wanted, when he used some abusive language towards her j sho went baok into tho house and told Mr. Lee, who imraeJiatelv went out and followed the man, who was walking oif in tho direotion of Weat Maitland i upon coming close to him, the fellow turned round and threw a heavy stone at Mr. Loe, whioh struok him a dangerous blow over the eye, near the templo, knocking him down. Mr. 1 oe having reoolved such a serera wound, was of oourso unablo to follow his oowardly assailant, who made off in the direotion oil the West ; he must, however, hare subsequently returned towards lit st Maitland, »a he was npprehendod by sergeant Kerrlgau tho same evening at Mr. Granej's hotel, in that town. Mr. Leo's wound was dreaiod as soon as poasiblo, and it WBB found nooessary to apply leeohes, We were glad to leam yoe tcrday that ho was recovering from the effects of the dastardly outi ago. EASE MAITLAND UNION.-The usual weekly meeting óflhiascalely waa held ou Thursday evening-Mr. Joseph Chambers iu tho chair. There wn a fair »ttendanae. The evouing waa devoted to the delivery of reoltstions and orltioisms thordon. MAGISTRATES.-His Exoellonoy the Governor, with the advioe of the Executive Council, ha» appointed tho undermentioned gentlemen to be magistrates of tho colony, vii:-Frankland, George Jackson, Mowbray, Paterson j Nivison, Abraham, Walcha j Townshend, George Barnet, Trevallyn ¡ and Tyaon, James, Lachlan, -Esquires.- Gazette, Sept. 27. VOLUHTEER STAFF.-His Exoelleooy the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has made tho follow- ing appointment on the Staff of the Volunteers of New South Wales, viz. .-Captain Charles Woodman Eastwood to ba an assistant Inspector of the Volunteer Bifle Corps. \- Gazette, Sept. 27. BARLOW'S OANIDROME AND GYMNASTIC COMPANY. Messrs. Barlow and Co., the proprietors and managers of an extensive oanidrome, gave their first performance in Maitland on Wednesday evening, and were extensively patronised. A tent capable of holding about fonr hun- dred persons, has been created and fitted with Beats, on Mr. Sawyer's ground, adjacent to the Bank of New South Wales ; and in this tent the entertainment was given. In Mr. Barlow's company there ia a number of clever norobats and gymnasts, some of them old favourites with the publio, also the Trapczian Brothers Wleland. These porlormers manifested exceeding skill in all that they undertook-agility and strength being, of oourse, their predominant characteristics. The oanidrome oonsisled of seventeen doga and monkeys.' The sagacity and docility of the dogs wero manifested by their performance-thoy have evidently been trained with the utmost care. Ilia tricks and appearance of the monkeys excited the most unrestrained langhter in the spectators, young and old. Dressed in jookey costume, they mount the dogs, and ride round the circle after the most approved circus fashion, leaping off and on BB tho dogs speed round. Tbo performances are well worthy of a visit, and there is little donbt the company will be well patronised during the remainder of their stay in Maitland. MARRIAGE OF MINORS.-D. M'Donald, Esq., J.P., has been appointed to give consent to the marriage of minors within the district of Port Macquarie.- Gazette, Sep- tember 27. SnERim* DBPOTT.-Joseph O'Moagher, Esq., East Maitland, haB been appointed to be Sheriff's deputy for the purpose of making roptevin and deliverance of dis- tress at East Maitland.- Gazette, Sept. 27. MAITLAND CIRODIT COURT.-The Bittings of ibis Court will comm or. c9 on Monday next. There are ten cases in the calendar, namely, 1. Charles Cole, wounding with in- tent to murder; 2. Pierce John Dffyer, forgery and ut- tering ; 3. Mark Grey, wounding with intent to murder ; 4\. Eliza Bayley, concealing the birth of a child; 5. George Boss, manslaughter; 6. William Bobinson, cat nal abnse of a child nnder ten years of age; 7. Robert Eoulda Preston, forgery and uttering ; 8 and 9. Other like charges against the same prisoner: IO. Thomas Mathews, murder.-& M. Herald, Sept. 29. Scnooti OF ARTS -Tho adjourned debate on tbe " Pulpit versus the PresB" (which exerts the greatest influence), did not take place at the Maitland School of Arts on 'thursday evening, as advertised, in conse- quence of the paucity of attendance. ST. MARY'S YOVNO MEN'S SOCIETY.-At the usual weekly meeting of this society, on Wednesday evening, an interesting lecture upon " Building Societies" was delivered by Mr. J. D. Langley. There was only a small attendance of members, attributable to the attractions in other pai ts of the town. The Bey. Mr. Chapman occu- pied the ohair. TBE FLOOR MARKET AT AUCKLAND.-We have papers from Auckland to tha 17th instant. The Sir George Grey had arrivod from San Francisco,! with S826 bags of wheat, 9000 half-sicks and 4800 qosrtersaoks of flour, 1025 bags of oats, and sundries, 1 he Lady Young had also arrived from Valparaiso, with 9606 bags of flour, 4 C9 bags of wheat, and 31)0 bags of bran ; her dates are nob so late as the Dundonald, and she reports four vessels loading at Valparaiso, for the Australian colonies, when sho sailed, but nono for New Zealand.-S. M. Herald, Sept. 29. BARTINE AND HERR Crjsni.A's ENTERTAINMENT.-On Wednesday and Thursday, Bartine and Herr Cushla gave two moro entertainments, at the Olympic Theatre. There were good honses on both occasions. Bartine'a wonderful performances on the tight rope, in walking the ceiling, and on the " Flying Trapeze," were given, the same os on the first night, and loud applause greeted his success in accomplishing these extraordinary feats. The ghost illusion was again shown, bnt, whether from the ineffective manner in which it was exhibited, or othor cause, it did not seem to produce in the audience that amount.of fear, which an introductory speech of the con- ductor might have led one to believe it would ; on the oontrary, many persons present seemed to think the ghoit was a human figure, and not a mere shadow. Her» Oushlu's Poses Plastiques, in different groups, were ogain exhibited with effect. The entertainment will be repeated this evening, end on Monday another will be given in aid of the West Maitland Volunteer Band, some members of which have given their gratuitous services at eaoh evening's performance. COUNSELS' FEES.-Tho question of counsels' fees was a good deal disciiBied yesterday in a motion argued be- fore Mr. Justice Milford, in ohambers. It was in the oase of Riohards v. Whitford, and was made by the de- fendant's attorney, Mr. Slade, for a review of taxation. Tho Prothonotary, in ttxing the plaintiff's costs, had allowed fees to two cour Bel. Three wore retained, but the senior of theso three did not appear throughout the trial. The fees paid to this senior, as well as those to the junior counsel, wcro allowed, but these paid to tbe second counsel were struok off. The trial of the case lasted three daya. It was a squatting action, bnt some quettions of peculiar difficulty were said to have been involved. The fera paid to the senior counsel, and al- lowed by the Prothonotary, were twenty-fivo guineas, with tho briif, for the first day, fifteen for the second, and fifteen for the third- fift.vtive guinea» in all. The fees paid and allowed for the junior couoiol were fifteen guineas with tho brief, and refreshers on the second and third days of twelve guineas eaoh-thirty-nine guineas in all. The heavy amount of these refrethorB waa com- plained of rather than the fees originally marked upon the briefs, and it was suggested that a praotioo had grown up of allowing foes to counsel higher, in many oisei, than were deemed just to the losing parties. The Prothonotary explained the rule by which ho wes guided to be this. Ho added the fee and refreshers to er.eh ocuncel together, and having divided the amount by tho number of days tho coso had lasted, he considered whe- ther, looking at the nalnro and importance of the case, the rato per diem was a rrasonablo one. If so, ho al- lowed it, bat if be thought tbe amount excessive, he re« dnood it. In the case then under discussion, the Judge, although disposed to think the fees allowed v ero high, was not prepared to say that the Prothonotary had, in the exerois» of his disoretion; aoted wrongly. The ap- plication was therefore dismissed with oosts,-Herald, Sept. 28. STEALING A TAIR OF BOOTS-At tho West Maitland police court, on Thursday, John Harris wss brought np on the ohargo of stealing a pair of boots, tho property of Wm. Perkins. On Tuesday last the prisoner had been seen to take the boots from the ontside of Mr. Perkins' shop ; Mr. Perkins followod bim, and finding the boots concealed under his coat, gave him into tho custody of eenior-eerjeant Kerrigan. When apprehended, Harris said he was drunk and rolling about, and the boots must hayo fallen upon him ; he said he munt have taken them np, not knowing what he was doing, Tbe boots wera valued at 12*. Gd. Tho prisoner, electing to bo dealt with by the benoli, was convioted of the theft, and sent to gaol for six weeks. BECOVEnY OF £100.-In our Thursday's issue, a poor man advertised hi* lass of £100 in notes, dropped by hint near the Sandy Creole toll-bar. We have now tho plea- sure of advertising bia recovery of tho money (a twolvo months' earnings), the mail driver, Mr. James Smith, between Soono and Singletos, having observed the bundle lying on the road, picked it np, and restored it to tho owner. WEST MAITLAND BRIDGE.—FURTHER DELAY—We have been permitted to extract the following remarks, in reference to West Maitland Bridge, made in a com- munioation from a high ollicial in Sydney to a gentleman in this town :-" The iron has come out for tho Pitnacree Bridge, and 1 have been endeavouring to see if it oould not be applied to the bridge nt West Maitland. 1 find that matters stand thus :-Mr. Moriarty ia btiBily en- gaged about the design and plans of the West Maitland Bridge, ard hu finds that if built of new materials, and not using the Pitnacree materials, it will cost £15,200 ; if the Pitnacree materials are worked in it will cost £17,615 7s. Cd., and thore will bo an additional loss of Pitnacree materials, whioh could not bonsed, of £2711 8i. 4d. The oontraot for Pitnaoroe Bridge is £8239. Under thcae ciroumstanoes I proposo to pleoe £9000 on the estimates for Pitnaoree Bridge, and, it tho sum is voted, use the ni o tal already arrived, and get a fresh bridge out for Weat Maitland. No delay will bo cooa aioned by this oourto, as, if the Pitnacree materials were used at West Maitland, the additional requirements would hare to bo procured from Pngland ¡ and a new bridge could, I am informod, bo obtained si soon as the additions " ST. MARY'S CncRcn Buuoiro FUND.-We are informed that the nott rcoeipta of the soirée latoly given by the Young Men's Society, in aid of the building fund of St. Mary's Church, amounted to £30, and that aum has been UnJod over to the treasurer. Tns WBArnKB.-Tho fine warm weather that had pre« vailed almoBt uninteruptedly for more than a roontb, wtBon Tin nday morning; broken by the fall of a shower of rain. Afterwards the day oontinncd gloomy, and in the sfternoon another ahowar fell. Yesterday morning and during the day, »howers, some'of them pretty heavy, eon tinned to fall. ThiB rain will provo very acceptable to the agriculturists, the ground having become very stiff and hard, and vegetation as a oonsequenoo, bogan to droop. We are glad to learn that the rain has been ft Í[enera! one. Parties from Dungog, from Jerry's Plains, rom the M'Donald Uiver, and from Paterson, infoimed us yesterday that rain bad fallen in those localities, or was falling yesterday ss lh»y travelled towards Mait- land. And in enah placo provlously tbo farms vero be- ginning to suffer sarSouily from want of rain. SERIOUS ACCIDENT - On Thursday afternoon a serious accident happened to a little boy, the son of Mr. Bevege, of High Street. The boy was standing near one of the booths on the race course, when two other boys came running up and one of them accidentally ran against him knocking him down and falling upon him. He was picked up in an insensible condition, and taken into one of the booths, and was subsequently taken home in a dray. The boy it is feared, is severely injured in the brain and is not likely to be out of danger for some time. Yesterday he was somewhat better, though still in only a half conscious state. * TBB LooniHvAB PUNT DISPUTE -We have heard ,t rnmoured that punts will be placed at both of the places Zoated by the several parties as being the most suit »bes e: As it is stated, the Governmen punt will be "iced at Luskintyre, and a private punt will be built I Mr. Green's expense, to be placed at W.udermere 11 the rumour should bo correct, .we congr»twhto the residents of tbo district upon the increased facilities and conveniences which they will thereby obtain. CV.OLENT AssAULT.-Mary Brothwell was .gam brough before the bench, at East Maitland, yesterday, charged with violently assaulting Eliza Hickman. From the evi dence it appeared that Mrs. Brothwo 1 was sitting at. tbo door of Mrs. Skelton, near East Maitland, on the night of the 10th September, when the prisoner and her dsncbter flung briok-bats at her, aome words having mevionsly taken pl-ce between them; one of tho brick Lis struok Mu. Hickman on the head, lufliottng a serions wound, and knocking bor down, Positivo ovi dencs that the brick-bat which struck MrB Hiokman was thrown by prisoner, was givon by one witness. 1<rom the efleotB of tho wound MrB. Hiokman bad been confined lo the hospital since three days after the assault had been oommitted. The prisoner was committed to take her trial »t the next court of Quarter Sessions to be held In Maitland. CHARGE OF GAMBLING.-John Saunders was brought before the bench at East Maitland, yesterday, charged with gambling at the Maitland raoe-courae. Sergeant Healy, of Raymond Terraoo, deposed that he was on duty on the Maitland race-course on the previous after- noon, when he saw the prisoner gambling; he seized the dice, box, and 2s. produced ¡ prisoner offered him a bribe of 10s. ; he took the money, and then gave the man into custody ; prisoner had been warned previously to being apprehended. Prisoner was discharged. The apprehend- ing constable retained possession of the dice and money taken from prisoner. TBB LUSKINTYBE AND LOCHIN VAB PUNT.-J he residents of Lochinvar and Luskintyre purpose exerting themselves te eat the river's banks cut, and a parish road proolaimed at the site fixed for the punt, which is to be placed on the rirer between those plaoes. They will shortly bo in the position of having a punt, but no means of approaohing it, A public meeting is likely to be held to remedy this matter. _ 