OUR DEFENCES. To the Editor of the Herald, , SIR, One of your correspondents signing: himself " A Colonist," lately suggested the idea that " Some understanding should be at once urged upon the maritime Powers, and ventilated by the Frees among all civilised nations, that all harbours situate away from the, country that is one of the belligerents, and although partaking of the nature of a dependency, shall be considered as neutral ports, and thus confine war as far as possible to its narrowed limits." It would be but little less Utopian to propose the revival of single combat for the settlement of national disputes. If so fair a dream could be realised, there would be undoubtedly a great saving of life and property ; but until a new and better order of things shall have put down war and rumours of war, it behoves us to seek every possible means of self-preservation, and to have recourse to the opinions of those whose experience courts our confidence. "A Colonist " thinks that " the idea of an iron cable being used to prevent the egress of an unwelcome visitor is simply absurd !" Commodore Loring recommended " strong booms composed of chain cables floated by light woods," and " that the best of game should be mounted at the Heads in such positions as would enable them to bear on the enemy's ships whilst entering the Heads, and when stopped by the boom." Colonel Barney, in the same year (1859), says that batteries ought to be constructed " for the protection of any impediments by which it may be considered necessary to obstruct the channel," Major Nasmith concurred with Colonel Barney that " the batteries proposed to be erected at the Heads, and the boom proposed to be thrown across from the Sow and Pigs shoal to the North Shore would be sufficient to deter an enemy from attempting to force his way." No one is ignorant of the damage sustained by the ironclads before Charleston at a distance of more than 200 yards, when, detained by the obstructions placed in the way of the Federal vessels. As to the question of Forts versus Ships, I can refer " A Colocirtt " to several instances noticed in the Sydney Morning Herald, and also to the following abstract from the United Service Gazette, of August, 1863, page 648, when the superiority of sea forts and defences over ships is clearly proved ; although at Copenhagen in 1861 and still, ned at Algiers in 1818, we saw the English fleet silence the forts for a time, but this was principally from circumstances and mismanagement of the land defences for a few guns better disposed, so as to enfilade an attacking fleet, instead of being able to receive it only from the front, would have changed the success of the day. " The question is not whether forts can take the place of ships, but whether ships can be used instead of forts for the protection of a particular roadstead, and we consider that the answer is self-evident. In the first place, floating batteries to be effectual must be at least as costly as fixed ones, and they cannot be so durable. In the second place, they cannot be so steady except in a dead calm and in proportion to the number of guns ; and iron plated ship or floating battery ' will be more costly than a filed from fort on a sand sank. In the third place, a fixed fort can be mounted with artillery of such weight and power worked by machinery, as co chip or floating battery could bear, and a few such guns will be more effective for sinking an enemy ship than a whole broadside of even eight or ten-inch guns, such as can be used on board ship. Then, again, the fixed batteries can be opened at the back, so that the smoke may escape at once, and the guns on the upper platform can be so placed that though they can see the enemy, the latter will hardly be able to perceive the guns by which he is hit, except by the momentary flash and puff of smoke from which the shot issues. One effective shot from such a battery may smash in the sides of a BM and sink her but a great many broadsides will not sensibly damage a well constructed battery. . .' For ships there is clearly a limit fixed to their weight by the class of vessels for which they are intended, and the rolling and pitching in a gale of wind to which even the largest ships are exposed as well as the smallest ; even the Great Eastern, in a gale of wind is no more than a shuttlecock in the hand of the mighty ocean, , , , . What we gain in size and weight of metal we lose in the number of guns with which a ship can be armed. But there is no reason why a sea battery on shore Bhoaldnot hare as many guns of the very largest calibre that can be managed by machinery, as the extent of the front will admit, Within cumin limits, of cess arily fixed by eirctu-rtaness of situation, the more the guns are distributed the better. Two heavy guns that can concentrate their fire on a ship, will be much more effective if they are far apart from each other than in juxtaposition. The ship will be hit by both of them, and cannot reply to both at once, and the same argument holds good for two separate batteries of two, three, or more guns each, ; Let us consider what opposition we could have offered to the BuBtian f squadron in the present state of our defences, and also what we ought to do to defend our harbour and city in case of attack. v This Russian fleet was reported to have comprised a number of vessels, probably coated, like the Kearsage, with chain plating, or even some more ingenious and stronger protection, carrying two hundred guns, and more than three thousand well trained men, able to fire one hundred guns at a time against any opposition offered to them, and to keep up such fire sufficiently long to throw every twenty-four hours more than ten thousand pro- jectiles against our defences and over the city. We had 73 guns mounted, C3 dismounted, and 15 unservice- able 1 In all we could not have used more than 40 of our gum supposing we had had men to work them ! We had 88 artillerymen, 271 volunteer artillery, and 100 naval brigade, of whom about 800 have been more or less trained to work the guns ; probably not more than 150, to work them efficiently ! Our artillery, therefore, could hardly have fired twenty guns at a time against the enemy, without making allowance for contingencies which must naturally have taken place in open batteries like ours. We might have had a man-of-war in Farm COTC, but I doubt whether she would have seen the ocean again. Our regular troops and Volunteer Rifles, composing the Sydney Battalion and the Seven available suburban companies, could have mustered about twelve hundred men, and would have done good service, and performed numerous acts of bravery, for the enemy would have attempted landing and taking positions to enable them to protect their own vessels, They might have selected Botany Bay for landing five or six hundred soldiers in order to divert our artillery force and take advantage of our unprotected batteries. Does it not seem as if the commanding officer of the Russian corvette Bogatyr had received orders to ascertain how far such a tactic was practicable when we remember the visit of the Russian boats to Botany Bay 1 Almost all the gentlemen who gave their evidence before the committee on harbour defences thought the probability of a Fleet attacking Port Jackson very remote, little thinking that a fleet of 200 guns, with 3000 men, had at that very same time received instructions to hold themselves in readiness to proceed to Australia at the first intimation, With a boom across the entrance of the harbour, a war steamer might surprise us and go past it; but a fleet could not do so, and the unfortunate pioneer would soon haul down her flag. With a blockship or gunboats, even ironclad, our superiority would be doubtful with an equal force, and the expense has been proved greater than the colony can afford. With batteries to protect our boom and our military roads to every headland, and with an increased number of Volunteer Artillery well trained by target practice to use our heavy guns efficiently, we should be confident of doing in Port Jackson what was done to the Reeks and Ironsides when storming Charleston, After these few remarks it will be perceived that a boom and strong batteries to protect it are necessary ; the boom ought to open or close at a moment's notice so as not to impose naviga- tion, and the batteries, detached yet connected and protected from vertical fire, ought to be so disposed that an enemy could not land to secure a position above our" works, and by taking us in reverse dislodge us and command our roads, thus rendering our defences nugatory. Taking into consideration the present improvements in artillery, we must, where practicable, nee large rifle guns, from forty pounders to 12-pounders for field carriages, and from ISO pounders to 600 pounders in our batteries or forte, The present defences ought to be modified, and the best of our present guns, particularly the 68 pounders and 16-inch guns, placed so as to command a greater lateral range, THE HOWLING DOG In the office assigned to the dog of the Aryans, as a messenger from the world of the dead, we see the origin of that very wide- spread superstition which recognises a death. women in the howling of a dog. An intelligent Londoner tells me he has often seen the omen given, and verified its fulfilment. The dog's mode of proceeding on. such occasions, he says, is this " The animal tries to get under the doomed person's window ; but if the house stands within an enclosure, and it cannot get it, it runs round the premises very uneasily, or paces up and down like a sentry. If the dog succeeds in making an entry, it stops under the window, howls horribly finishes with three tremendous barks, and hurries away. The same superstition prevails in France and in Germany. In the latter country, a dog howling before a house portends either a death or a fire. If it howls along the highway, that is held in Westphalia to be a sure token that a funeral will soon pass that way. In the German, as in the Aryan mythology, the dog is an embodiment of the wind,, and also SA attendant on the dead. It appears in both characters in Odin's wild hunt. Dogs see ghosts, and when Eel, the goddess of death goes about, invisible to human eyes, she is seen by the dogs.-AW« Indo-European , Tradition and FolkLore, ' 1 . "?"?»-3 * 