fjott's '(Bonier. NOT IN VAIN. Is our country's soul departed { . Hath her ancient spirit fled ,? Bowed so long and broken-hearted, \- ' Lies she now among the dead 1 Has the high and holy mission Of the great and good been vain, Who, to hand the old tradition Down to us, have spared no pain 2 No, I will not, cannot think it; They who for their children's gain, ? Take the poisoned cup aud drink it— These men never live in vain, Not in vain o'er brave O'Donnell Did the olden banner wave, Though far way from green Tyrconnell Wept Nuala o'er hia grave. Not in vain did Silken Thomas Fling the Saxon truncheon down, ± 1 Though dark death came o'er the promise f ' Of his youth and high renown. Not in vain did Owen borrow All his father's hope again, Nor the gallant Sarsfield sorrow -'... As he died on Landen's plain. Not in vain died Edward, scorning Traitor's death for Irland's good ; Not in vain that autumn morning ? .' ? * Did the dogs lap Emmett's blood. Not in vain has lived the Moses . Whom God raised in later years, Though be dies just as he shows us The brightland of all our tears. Not in vain those large bones whiten All along that desert track — They are there to warn and frighten . Cowards who would lead us back. Josue, Caleb, still are left us ; ' Let us rally round them, then. Suffering, sure, hath not bereft us Of the hearts and hopes of men ? With such deeds and men before us, ' ' Can we look and listen on . To the mother's cries who bore us For her children dead and gone — For her be6t beloveddriven Through the stranger's land to roam, For the links of strong love riven Which had bound them to their home? Let our cry once more be Onward ; Look we up to Heaven like men ; True and tried are in. the vanguard To array our ranks again, And Speranza's harp,, that kindled Hope in patriot hearts of yore, Now that Freedom's flame has dwindled, Sounds to light it up once more. —Nation, We have been informed that immediately after the inauguration of the Goldsmith statue a meeting, at which his Excellency the Earl of Carlisle wap present, took place in- the Provost's House, and it was decided that a statue of Edmund Burke should be erected in front of Trinity College, where the vacant pedestal has been put up by the Gold, smith Statue Committee ; and it was resoived that the honorary secretaries and the members of the committee (with liberty to add to their numbers) of the Goldsmith statue be requested to carry out the project. The honorary secretaries and those of the committee who were present having consented to do so, several subscriptions were at once promised and there is little doubt that a sufficient sum will soon be raised to do honour to one of Ireland's mO3t illustrious sons.— JEoening Mail. Career of anInbormer. — A letter from the United StateB of America, dated November 30th, has been handed to us, and from which we take the following extract, in reference to a person charged with being an informer at the time of the Wild G-ooBe Lodge troubles in this country. It will be seen that misfortune has attended his career, and that although once very wealthy, he is now a pauper in a poor-house. The writer says — 'lam getting along very well, considering the times. I am in office all- the eight years, and at present I am superinlendent of — — poorhouBe. You recollect, dear father, the burning of the Wild Gojse Lodge, above Dundalk. The stag or in former who revealed the names of the poor men who were hung and gibbeted, is now under my care in the poorhouse. His name is James Bren — n. He was a servant boy with the Fil— s at the time. In the Spring of that year he came to New. York, and bought up property, and got along pretty well until he had about 40,000 dollars worth ; and thirty years ago, at the time1 of the great fire in New York, the devil came and swept all he pos sessed away in ashes. Now he is in the poorhouse and you might as well go into a house where a man lay dead ior twelve days as to his room, a9 his legs are rotting away nnder him. So the unfortunate man is receiving his reward !' — Dundalk Demo crat. Cats at Sea. — Considering how much the cat abhors cold water, our readers must often have wondered why seataring men are so fond* of taking the animal with them on a royage. This is explained by depredations of rats ; but if the owuer of the damaged goods can prove that the ship was sent to sea unfurnished with a cat, he can recover damages from the suip-uiaster. Again, a ship found at sea with no living crea ture on board is considered a derelict, and is for feited to the Admiralty, the finders, or tho Queen. It has often happened that, after a ship has been abandoned, some domestic animal— a dog, a canary bird, or m03t frequently a cat, from its hatred of facing the waves— has saved the vessel trotn being condemned as a derelict — Once a Week. Why is a contented man of great wealth like a ghost ?-Bocauso he's a happy rieh'an ?(apparition). rtv 