• ANIMAL AND VEGETABLE DIETARY. (From Fotee by a Soldier, in the U. S. Gazette.) By way of introduction to the annexed letter, the editor remarks -.—"We consider the following communication, which is that of a practical non- commissioned officer, should stimulate the military authorities to extend the system of soldiers' gardens as much as possible. Singularly enough the plain common sense of the soldier has here brought him to the discovery which has been made so public by the pamphlet of Mr Bunting. Mr Bunting eats flesh exclusively, in order that he may grow thin ; "J. W." recommends vegetables to the soldier that he may grow fat. Like that eminent physician, Mr Harvey, he has found out the secret of obesity. <Jur correspondent, taking for his text, " Army Bations and Soldiers' Gardens," observes " A strong healthy agricul tural man was Joe Smith. A finer never followed a plough, though he lived on fet bacon and cabbage from one year's end to' another, barring Sundays, when he had a little fresh meat. His limbs were like horses', and for the matter of that they were quite as strong. "Where he got the flesh from that covered his face no one knew. Some said he helped himself to barley meal, thereby depriving the pigs of their daily allowance ; o there said he was passionately, fond of oil-cake, whilst others, still bolder, attributed it to his master's home-brewed ale. Hone in the villiage had the slightest idea that the fat which covered his. cheeks came from, .the - garden where vegetables grew abundantly, par ticularly cabbages, and. turnips. These were to Joe Smith better than all the flowers.that ever bloomed. Vegetables .were his mainstay. They kept his whole frame under subjection, his blood never got heated, he never complained of ill ness, no one ever saw him troubled with the rash, - but. his skin was clear and transparent. For feats of strength he was not equalled. It was a sad gloomy day to Farmer Greenfield when he took the shilling. The old'men of the village prophesied that ho would come back as fat as a pig. Three-quarters of a pound of beef a day, the idea! Why he never ate beef but once a year; and that was at Christmas time, , when Farmer Green field generally (to use west-country language) -killed one of his own fat " bhest." However/Joe : . Smith never forgot the day he left his native village accompanied by the recruiting-serjeant: neither did he forget the roast beef the first time he sat before the. barrack-room table. How his eyes leaped as if they were under : a .delusion ! "It was right what the "rccrniting-seijeant had told him, for the actual thing stood invi tingly before him. He :ate; sparingly, for he did not intend going back like a fat sheep ready for the slaughter. To flis astonishment - he very soon found that he was falling off—he was getting thin, very thin. What could it be ? Certainly, the three- quarters of a pound of beef did not agree with him, though it was sometimes boiled, baked, and roasted. He longed for a change he longed for bacon and cabbage to put his disordered frame in order. Too much of one thing without a change for months did him harm. It was beef and mutton one day, and mutton and beef another. Cabbage !—the men of the regiment never saw any for months together, except when they went out marching through agricultural districts. He made inquiries on this im portant head. but no one gave him a satisfactory answer ; every body shook the heads, aud said " They didn't, know."' It would be a waste of time and paper to record what took place. It will be enough to say the first time he entered his own familiar village dressed in regimentals a panic seized the villagers. Was that his ghost; it could not be Joe Smith ! Alas, every one had to admit it was him, a hurdle compared to his former self; but he soon made amends. It was then the mystery was dissolved, for he soon got doable his former size through nothing else hut eating cabbage. The parson of the vil lage took it up, and wrote letters to the Horse Guards. They might have been mislaid, for they were never acknow ledged. It is a lamentable fact, Sir, that the soldier never sits down to dine off cabbage, a plant so common that aregi-1 meut might, for a couple of shillings, be overstocked with them. We must dis continue the oft-repeated cry of'" more beef." Those who "advocate for more flesh know not what they are clamouring after. Last year a "terrible noise was made. Three-quarters of a pound of beef for a soldier was scouted : by gentlemen . high in authority who sailed with the stream. It was to he nothing short of veal, but like last year's leaves, the subject is dead and forgotteD. I knew then what it would all come to. No one said a little vegetables twice a week would be a better substitute than an additional half-pound of beef. The idea never struck any one high in author ity. Although, at that time, a deal was said about raising soldiers' gardens, that is forgotten too, though your columns for ..weeks teemed with it. We have thousands of men whose hands are idle, yet we cantiot cultivate cabbages and potatoes. - We like going the dearest way to work—buy small quantities at a time, so that we may look genteel. What were the troops doing all last winter at Aldershot 1 Not manly labor. Sittiug over a stove and poking the wind with' their rifles for a couple of hours night and morning, was all the work done at their hands "-not profitable'for the service in any way whatever. Would it not have been more to our credit to have employed theni in a more useful manner? Does any one say discipline must be kept up, drill must be kept up ? I will guarantee that a xegiment shall be digging and planting all the winter, another shall be eternally at drill, and the former shall drill much better than the latter, be better in health, more in pocket, and finer-looking men than the sick imbe ciles who embraced the stove' all the winter to keep their shins and arms warm. Let no one say that soldiers are idle— can they help it 1 ' They want work, so that they may raise their own vegetables, and give their labour free and willingly, so that they may not be the same as theyare now, without a cabbage, with out a turnip to grace their tables. Like the labourers in Holy Writ, they remain idle because his lloyat Highness has not yet made np his mind whether they shall have a vineyard 'or not. They may covet one as eagerly as the King of Israel coverted Nabotli's, but, unlike iiim, their wish will not be gratified, at least not yet. It will be brought about some day. Although incredible persons may now shake their heads, in years to come when the British soldier is at peace, he will take up the spade instead of the rifle, and plant during the winter months. In summer he will resume Ms vocation. If men's rations are fairly dealt with, no one except a glutton can complain ; if there are two ways to do a thing, some how we generally go wrong to work. We have lost ourselves in this case. A soldier's daily allowance of bread is three half-pounds, just enoughs- for three meals, and it goes with the three meals, particularly in cold weather, consequently the soldier has to go to bed supperlcss, or else buy. A penny for bread is not much, yet it is more than ho can spare if he has to buy it. This alone is sufficient evidence to show that he does not get enough. Often have they, like policemen to take care of the night, often have they to march for hours, heavily armed and accoutred ; oficn do they find themselves in such places as Aldershot, where the very air is of a cold hungry smell. I say it, then, and that most emphatically, that the soldier has" not enough bread. Another quarter of a pound, and the ration controversy, that breaks out ia fit ful gusts, is at an end for ever. I must, however, add, to stamp it, vegetables twice a week, and then the British soldier can challenge the world-with its innumer able armies to cope or bear the least com parison with his ^ own, as far as rations are concerned." 