TIlE ENGLISH MAIL. (Frau the Rue News.) * The Temple, May 28. Car talk in London, for the tsat week or fortnight, hbs;of course, been iuadrepedal. as will essly be imnglned by any one who happens to recollect that _esterday was the Derby Day. I may almost say that tbe clubs become a nuisance at the time of the great lBritish fpstival, forLthe .talk gets so terribly "hoisey." Een the qniet men, and those who know nothing moreabaot~g ragr than that It is a rest perfovmed by a certain number of well-bread horses in the. presence of en unceertai number of men, who for the moat part are ill-bred, share the excitement, oustas Diogenes. rolied hite tb under theinflnence of the general agitation. Moreover, tlsesr qualtiatse n ausually motel ta put theih names down rorthe sweepstakrs, end though they do not carn rhgt hore wins (euppoelflc their own draw has no chai'ce, er useally happens,) they hare oitro?g hspes and feara as to what man onthe club list cay ontaln the prize. It is aggravating to see the two or three hundred pounds go to some very rich fellow, who 1jorsn't want the money at all, or to some hungry, onpoputar, esnarlng man who wants it very much indeeti, and in the absence of extreme casesa it Js matter. of growl when the luck goes. to some bedy w. oamrely ever comes near the club, an4 whose -name is unknown to the majority of members: loooe of .these three classes, the winning horse is gs'erally.throwu, and then men decsre they will ieaer:ppet in again, and they never do until the ful. ' lowiag May. All our discussions and appraheneiose st ebf ?rse'nouw Ever, Mr. W. P'Ansos's horwe, named Bleire'thol,hbaviogy'eterday wcs the Derby foi~fit'. Olircotistances over which I had no con. t?l, hod any ret et medical attendant had sot pjuch, prevented my:attending the race, but, hating sisad the Derbh li'teiithis' for-tbe last qurirer of a 'century, I onsloentlously allege, in any form pre-. eoCibhd by any Act otParlement for the abaliShing needlees affidavit, aid uhatbiutming declarations it lien thereof, thit I do nut believe that a single atoma of pew dicaldtlve mstter In regard to the ? or ita s Incidents can be mopplied by the most imaginitive -reoerjaret ann be sect to Epsom. A Frsnchman "ilght 'do it; or 'a Japailese Ambassador, or an Amerinas, but I am, unhappily, neither sl the three. . ta ware tal~in of Garibaldi when I last wrote, , iasat'thai subject Is, now forgotten, of course. ..The .%nirhbqs. wiso were disappointed that the upper 'nisises teok the, great italian into their cars, did iheir utmost to get upi a disturhanoe about his going gway ;without visiting the provinces, but no noartion e? ld a e wrated. A meeting on .Prtmrrse.hill, with which they supplemented the I 'planting of the ,Shakespeare oak, wee, as I mean , tinned, dispersed by the police, but Governmesnt e ?r ;sensibly allowed another to be holden, and it ' went offin tmoke., A deputation went to scold Mr O, 4ladetonabfor his part in the dismiseal of Garibaldi, ' 'bni.e)l'zqueilte eeouteoy end elaborated precision -*fkkpiltuntion, withae hasasm ao well veiled thatit "i'oiild not be shade mlatte of ofITence, were too much * tr tile aceusere, aid they retired grumbling out e Lit-Ctd i'eiinfation, atarwbiet Mr.UGladstse'de olsred isimsilf delighted -bayond measure. Garibaldi was 'taken away in the Puke of Botheriand's yacht, and' a Mueor and the Aldermen of the place when he depaterd w.re bhroke.heartad,.for they had prepared "'.tji, ui onaliught.'. ut.were told that the wind .wm "ton,..'good ?o be lost for' tipe. sake of their Pplsdptsdea;,.He it ow site ins aprera. Cardinal Wlseacjs.n,h emitted a pastoral, in whihebbe alludes to.gribaldi's .xpressed .admiration for the French )leolotilioa, and isa adoration of the (Goddess of lsasn '(as unlucky lepms lpennc, certainly), and oaks whet mat the Churca of Eugland he when eanny,of its dignilfed clergy were seen ahaking 'lands witha man who had avowed sach sentlimens. Thrie Csrdioal is a eery smart person--too smart, I iie t' lie:made Pope jn place of his present ,Holinees whoaa successor it is seid that it has been 'sqesessry to aeleet. '" It. ueeinii?io in tie Highlanda, I hase 'neither "!sittbn; nor deas tosay more upon aedisagreeabae ehideek t'ihdn fneneaaery, but having.undertsken to aNn,?,r".wh at is said:' . ran hardly avoid a refe ii~?Sto"th'e niatter. Ther ie no doubt that the -siaen sad iches of he ri Majesty, in reference to the '?d13-tbereean war, iu- those which migh4 be 'elieisteh from the deiight'rwidoiw, and tothler:io. law oflerlana ryultty, The vi swa and wishes are 'oLt those of the feir Apparent, the hisbaod of a )aoia?hlprinbeou nor are they .thoe of the majority 4(4 tUp peorto. ?ut that is all that onght to be aid uYpon. the asubjeat, E?glisbmen have their own 'i4alings, buht uaperfeotly able to make allowances toer the feelings ei others, endespecially for those of :a:8owereigs, who from the moment of her secession (see desesved aid obtained 'our best affektions. Ware the Queen to come among the p1gple to :aerorow, her ieeeption wouild be one of the mset 'n?obobnded loyalty notwithstaoding that most of us ?*lsh thst should hostilities pooceed the enpiry of •'&lbe; ,rmistlose,the Prusnsia' army may reeeive a 'defle and the Aplatrian ships ibe again worted. ...We do not imrde our loyalty. 'except upon rare pcelaions, 'but we keep it, and do not allowacci deats to interfere with'it. Tugt the Prinse of Walee n cilud be. all on the ,aide of hie priacess'a family is .'e natural, and more gratlying. By the way, his &?oyul highnesshas i?aorauuted his public career by 'salking the -chair at the banquet of the Literaty Fund, and by de!liering a very fresh and pleasant "iilbeclt, evidendy of his own composing, in'*hieh he paid sgraeeful tribute to the late Mr. Thac * tesy -(of whose waorks he ie underetood to be a * hineere "adiirer), and ill which,' in a touchingly frank manner, be regretted that all his owp father's apeiolhe' had not be'n folly reparted. \- The London season is well on, aol one is re. minded of Sir G Cornewall Lewie'e speech, worthy of flat-beloucauld, that "life would be very toler. abi,. bat for ite plesaures." Everybody is every wher. But either there is so much talk that thete i ato time for conversation, or therejs an absence 1o saltest topics, for I bate seldom known aMay in • whish chrre han beeh less to discuss. We hate had ' some tnsmeodously hot weather, which cams all o1 a.. sudden, and the glass is the suon was at 110 'dgress, and foi about a week this created a real s?saetlio; but some Saere thunderstorms have \- le1are, the stmOuphere, and we are now slmostcold "e?laun. I do not know whether the habit oftalking me?otrology, when frienda meet, has gone oat to :4?nEa lia: with other accompliehmezts, bus if eo, .yap can understand the advantaze of these changes .tsa our cOaveraationlate What else do people talk shout? Let me sea -Well,I dined out two or O-hree elay eo (ar I might have been able to g to sit, Dehry) sold I had the advantage of sitting nsat to awasy charming married lady, who knew every. ;thioi at least, and told me most of it. She 'said, "amoug a thaisand and one other things, that it was all very well to talk (Iand it is, ifyou con talk iii she did) hut that Lord Palmeaton was by no 'm.easa so strong, as It was the thing to say, that tilbngl he occsalonnaly had copital fits and starts ef 7Arllaaicetary 'energy, he was very often by no "'Seaqa u to hia work, and that he ought to take of.hissiself. At the Lame time, she sald, laugh. rtg, th though she. woud not cay whether she wee, ;or walnt a bit of g believer in the super. antural, aloe did nat thik that the phosphoric :apprasesse which have been so much talked about, • ,laIng been sen in the sheet of water at his paces, Brockerhall, had any slgnllfonuee. But he iould have to give up hard work, and let us have 'ranw Prelier very noen. Ah i But who Is to be "a 'pw'awan? Well, 'g,,itlemao must asettle that, oor 'wemen kneew nathi;g, but 'lidi cthink that lgiat?lldtune had gone out of his way for nothiuig? 'tthi 'releiCtd to a speech which Mr. Gladstone baa 'josuiashed the world with, one in which he declared itbit the timne had come for setending the auffuage .to tLhewarking cla.see, tndt in which he gave hie aul'psert to a bill for reducing boronigh voters from :L10 to £8.) Well, Mir. Gladstone was a very clevr .ant a ery ambitious man asu if he saw thant the Tortse, who have sen a great many elections and 'thick they can ouat the Cabinet. nrluit maks their rush, he intended to ho:at the Radical Sag, and bawea Ministry of hit own., Here, and.leaving you to imagine that at thlq , momnentithm whltebl illt-lniacrstted us, I may men lon that I put this suggestion of my aecoaplfshed friend's to a man who supposes himself to be in the enjoyment of full Ministerial confidence, and I am hound to soy thet he does pick up aome early facts. He asmerted that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had no such selfish ideas, and that he was "feeling the ice" for his colleagues, who would not feel indisposed to play s reform trump, if their opponents' hand proved very strong. Asysow, Mr. Gladstone's speech has caused a great agitation, and the ultras have held meetings, and proclaimed them as their own Oxford is very wrathful, and advises him to try Finobury at the next election, an lain blushes bl,.ind her veil for tier once favourite eon. But leaving this lady, let me return to mine, who further informed me: That both tihe operas are very dull thia year, and that the directorsought to be made to bring notsomething new, instead of perpetually giving music of which every seesnlogirl knoosevery note. That Herr Watehel, with his one firevork note, is a mere imposition, and can't sing at all. That Maria is, of esure, delightful, when he cen do his~ sork, but he is always breaking dawn, and takes no nare of himself. That sertainly he has learned Faust, but how has he learned it, and you can not say that hae has mastered the part, dald how should he? He has the music at homs, and now and then he "loeak at it, siahking his dreadful 'cigars, and then his singing- master comes, snd make him hone some of it, more or les as the ease may be, and oatener loss than more, and then lie comes out, and if he happens to be in tolprble voies that night; tliiig go pretty welL But he will eot know the part until he has sunq it through two osseoas, hid then, if te his 'boles, it will be charm' iCr, but meantime the world goes round. As for Patti, she so very clerer, no doubt, and her popularity is en' areordinary, but as was tlhat of Piclaomloi, who used to come up to a nuts, and if she did not like it. would Jump oser it, like a harts ever a fire-baired gate. But she was not a great artist, and her voice had been worked mseh toe hard. Who else eas thee to talk aboutP And as if tbtegaswere not doll enough, we were to bays Fidetio. (Lovely music, I lumbly interpolared.) Why, it was Beethoven, and it was not the thing to be profane, but wasn't it dull? And at Ouveat-garden, there was nothing but ringing the changea on the Prophel, Roierl, and the HuuIlsoe. Here I would have an innings, and spoke of the death of Meyerbeer, the gradeast composer of the day. Very well, no dudbt, but we have had enough of the old works. Where was his .dfracaane, which has been promised for the last ten years? Why was it nut brought oat at once, and not at the fog. end of the" eeasone when everybody wes out of town ? Of corvpe5 oue must go to the opera, bht never were subscribers so ill-treated, and next year nobody will aubscribe at all, Here came sme trout, with iced sauce, and we dropped the musicians. But I" had much more to be told, and, inter olia. That it was qaite right of Lord DN Grey to mioe an example of the War-offe clocks who played chieheen. haz.d in .offce hoars. It was very hard, of course, upon men who had risen to the heed of their detjart ment, end were unfit for other employment, that they should be turned out, and lose the benefit of thie fund. Butx severe emample was wanted, for there weie hun' dreds of young men, of tolerable principles, but not very atrong minds, who thought it was fine to imitate their superiors, and who might. take to gamble, and bring themselves and their families to ruin. Something might be dons, by sad by, for the men who had beet, turned out, but all mothem must be indebted to Lord Pa Grey for having read the lessos. Besides, it was audi a temptation to wrong the country. A man who is in an offieof trust must hear thinga which might be worth many a persOn's while to pay for knowing (for instance, ehe knew somebody who had seen the whole Budget before' it eame out), and suppose a gambler chose to make up his loaes by letting a secret he known in cer tain quarters. laid that I did not believe these latter eusideratiosns actuated her at all, women eared nothintg bount the public, but ale was thinking of her own two elegant sons who were both in GoVermeat employ. Base arose a slight coolness, which Lasted until the dessert, whan we becme once moer friends, and heard that the Academy exhibition was rather better than nasl, but that there was no picture of mark (and I knew, but, sohooled by experiense, did not say that this ,eret that tlhere was no vulgar, literal painting of enme thinj cr?erhbody had seen, and therefore crowded to see on eanvas, until a policeman was needful to compel cir .olation) ; that there were two ouraog-sutangs at the ua.oegal Gardens, bat bad specimens, not worth show isdi that if I led anot heard anything about a divorce which was going to net everybody talking, she was not going to be the first totell meofit (she did, later) ; that Mr.Diaaeti had pnblished his youthful "Revotutionary Epis," in defiane of people who eaid he had adroceted tyranninide, but that he had ltered the objectionable pa?asge into perfect harmiassnass; that she had read the irst mumber of Mr. Dickens's new story, but could ant make up her mind whether it was going to interest her or not, baa that if Mr. Trollope had never drawn any eharacetr but Lily Dale lie onghtt to be immortal, cnly tbe end of the book was so unsatisfactory; that ala seldom went to a taltte because they ran pieces for two years, bat that the two or three novelties had all been bed, snd Mr. Sothern'a Garricek was a sad descent from his Dundresary; that these Greenwich dinners wee a great deal too long (plasasnt for me), hut now, thank greelous, they were going to get up-that -e were not to smoke too' much, and that the carriages ere ordered at 10 o'eloek. Really, I do not know that there is much to add this time to the information which I received under the circemstanees mentioned, Shall I say that a book is in the press which will have great interest both for us and for you. the Diary of Mr. Stuart, the Australian explorer? It is soon to be pub. lished, with engravibge and capital maps, and has been edited by a gentleman in every way competent to dojustlee to the hardy end gallant explorers. At Hampton, on the beaks of the Thames, and at one of its most beautitul parts, stands a large, and not elegant house, which is interesting as hav. ing been built by the great actor, David Garrick. On the lawn in the front is a temple, as it is called, which the actor erected in ouestionable honour of Shaheepeire, end for whlih Horace Walpole (who had then learned to admire the fashionable artist, in whom he saw little when Garrick was only makitig his wy) wrote nout a very neat inlcription. T'he house, sod grounds have long been in the hands of some wealthy tradeafolk, snd they are now offered for sale at the Auction 3art I was visiting a Iriend in the neighbourhood on Sunday, and in spite of an edict we managed to talk and bribe our wey into the house. The rooms, with one exception, are not goon, but there is a fine drawing. room, with bay window, which is very interesting, being In exactly the stats in which Garriek had left it. The wells are adorned with large Chinese designs, sod the great old emlhroidered chairs one could easily fitl, by a slight efllrt of imagination, with Johnson, Bnrke, Reynolds, Goldsmith, and the rent of the Club. Gerrick's bedroom, which is in two parts, compsriing a sort of alcove in which is the bed, ornarentod with the celebrated China hangings (which he had so muoh trouble to gee through the Custom.iioue that the grievance be. came historical), anri a loity arched apartment, that nould be shut off by a curtain, Is also worth note. It is decorated with some graceful medallions, and with lookiag.nglaeses which are composed of many pieces, for there was to gigeotic sheets of glass in those days. The grounds are delightful, sad there is an" qyot"or "sit" of the Thames that goes with them. The road outs thelawn, hut there Is a sub. terrsnean way to the river, and this tunnel wasung gested by Dr. Johnson. I'hero is no tireo for an Australian millionaire to seod over carts ioanckc to sue the place, and I hear that it is to be bought at almost any price by a rich tailor, wvose emissarries chalk the, walls with vulgar recommen. dartion to try his goods, soil he annosunes that he shall rull the house down, in ohiler, I auppose, to build a Snip Villa. Ws may sorely expect that as one of tbe aihbora of a Drury lane "address" that was really "rejected' wroie, "The troubled shadea of Garrick, hovering psar, Will drop in Thliae's ways a pitying tear. I do not Luch foreign maters, bht it would seem strange Cosemit all mention of the sawful struggle now rging in Americas or to leave itto be sutiposedl that we do not speak of it. On psotan Downs, yesterday, there assembled at least 0,t000 persons to enjoy thetaeleee, and to witness the contrst of aome magnifienit horses. Tha same papers which ercorl this tell os that within a few days steaming, at least 200,000 men speaking our Ineunge, ware meeting, early in the month, to slaughter "Se another, and that they kept st the'bboody work for aix days. Inclouding a Susbhkth. We do not forget sucb horrors, even in Sc own mirth, and we pray that the fratricirlal contert~mey soon te brought to an ebd: Grdot, the Federal. appears to be a ltader of the British bulldog kind, and he has. eertainly a-dvanced towards Itichmonsl, though it seems onlly to get nearer to lines and defeunces against which his armies sill be hurled in vain. We hear a good deal about thehtrical matters in Australia, and you may like to know th'at oar tlheatres are all very busy, except Drury.lane, which has just closed. and is to let. The sensation of the moment is a' elaborote revival of Hamlet, by Mrr Fecbter, at the Lyceum. He hsaeome fine scenery, and a most artistic ghost, only the ghost is too fat, and not very solems,.nld is chiefly admired for hiA clever dlaappearanees. Miss Kate Terry haa made a'great auocesa in Ophellai as was expected. An attempt at a Morality Play. after the old fasshin, by Mr. Tom Taylor. has not been'received* with much favour at the Olyml,io. It has many defects. but its real sin in the eyes of the crtics, whb are singularly devoted slaves to managers, is that it treads on too many corns. I suppoae you will not be much concerned to know that Mr. Webster and Mr. Boucicault are vituperating each other in lettera, zpropos ofa very bad comedy which thle latter sold to the former sa orieinal, hut which of course was taken from the French. Idisa Biteman continues to draw capital bouses to Lash, which she will play to the end of her engagement, and then she will have a rest, and probably a country round, returning' to town when the winter season begins. Thischarm lug young artist has achieved a most legitimate success,without adventitious aid, and solely by her fresh, womanly, and sympathetto acting. 'Mr. Punch' dedicates to her the following epigram, with which I conclude my present ;lrepatch a A P otrrrtlc organ declares with a sigls That reformers are rightly for iledolense blamed, And that what we all want is a Very.Good Cry. Of which no alase of citimens need be ashamed. 'Mr. Punch' has observed the appeal, and 'wosld sate That the article wanted has come from Judma; And now may be had every sight, about TUI, Ofhis gifted yourig friend, MissaKate:JosephineLear. .... -o- 