THEATRE ROYAL. Ono of tho most successful nrasical and theatrical entertainments which have been given in Melbourne for some time took place at tho Theatre Royal last night, ttiJ occasion being a complimentary benefit to tho Misses Emma and Clelia Howson. The esti mation in which theso accomplished musicians are held by tho public was marked by a full house, and tho fair artistes received a very warm greeting on making their appearance. Tho programmo selected comprised some of the best portions of a class of music in which the Howson family have won a desorvddly high reputation, Tho earlier part of the entertainment consisted of tho first and second acts of Weber's opera of ' Dor Froischutz,' arranged expressly for tho occasion by Mr Frank A. Howson. Tho principal characters wero cast as follows : — Miss Emma Howson, as Linda ; Miss Clelia Howson, Hose; Caspar, Mr Frank Howson; Rodolph, Mr John Howson ; and Kuno, Mr J. Howson, junior. Tho opening duet in tho second act, ' Como bo gay and banish sorrow,' was rendered by tho Misses Howson in a manner which shows thoy havo not retrograded in point of musical excollenco or stage tact during their tem porary retirement. The following scena, ' Beforo my eyes beheld him,' sung with much grace and spirit by Miss Emma Howson, secured an en thusiastic encore ; and the final trio was very pleas ingly rendered by tho Misses Howson and Mr John Howson, though tho latter was oviilontly suffering from a cold. Tho scena in tho first act, ' Oh, I can boar my fato no longer,' was Mr J. Howson's most effectivo pioco of vocalisation, though some what unoven, and it was doservodly applauded. Mr Frauk Howson gave a vigorous representation of Caspar, and acquitted himself with every credit. Tho success of tho incantation sceno was mainly dependent upon his efforts, and the various acts of diabolism were represented with extraordinary vividness. The passage of tho wild host through tho air, the ap pearance of Rodolph, and tho ghost of Linda on tho rocks, tho presenco of fiery serpents, the noise, as though all Iho demons over believed to have had thoir abiding placo in tho Hartz mountains had broken I0030, and the shower of fixo bringing tho sceno to a conclusion with a vivid representation of 'hideous ruin and combustion,' wasapiece of sen sation business eminently successful in its way. The last act of Wallace's ' Maritaua' followed, Miss E. Howson impersonating tho heroine, Miss C. Howson LazarUlo, Mr Frank Howson Don Jose, Mr John Howson Don Caisar, and Mr J. Howson, junior, tho King. It need only bo said of this, that it was received with the same gratification, and cnactod with tho sams success as on tho former occasion when produced with a similar cast. Tho audience insisted on a ropotition of the beautiful air 'Scones that aro brightost,' and the incomparablo duet, ' Sainted mother.' That simplicity of stylo, sweetness, mellowness and flexibility of voice, combined with an oxprossivo and interesting manner, which contribute so largely to tho success of tho Misses How3ou, wore exhibited in a marked degree; and, on tho fall of tho curtain, thero wns a' general call for tho principal dramatis . porsonsc. A word of praise is also ? -v due to tho orchestra, 'composed of members of tho Thoatro Royal band, who, under the direction of MrF. A. How3on, aidod considerably tho success of the performance. The performances wero brought to a close with Savillo's capital furco, 'AUlgato Pump,' which kept the audionco in roars of /laughter. Mr Frauk Howson displayed a keen appreciation of tho hu morous in his impersonation of Broomy Swash, tho mad philosopher ; and Miss Tilly Earl made somo thing liko a hit in her disguise as an Irish corporal. 