LATEST INTELLIGENCE. THE SCIILUSWIG HO OSTEIN QUESTION. THIS WAtt IN SCHLESWIO. At present the remains of what was the Danish army in Schlcswig are in the Island of Alscn, where they will endeavor to make a stand at the works which they arc said to have been long preparing. Should the war continue, there can certainly be no doubt as to the fate of their army. The allied forces will be sooner or later able to cross the Sound, and compel a retreat to the Danish ships, or a capitulation. But time is necessary for such a The following account of the fall of Duppel, from an eye-witness in the Danish camp, was rcceived'in Copenhagen 011 April 19 :— iJupptl has fiillm ! Before J quitted Alsen yesterday evening the great event, which all must li'ive lieen long since prepared to expect, hail taken place. During the night of the 17tli to the following day the bombardment had beet' carried on with greater Veh11nenccth.1i) lind previously been known, and onr works, already little better than heaps of rubbish, Bnd whose guaB were mostly dismounted, were now in perfect ruin. Not a bridge could be raised, not a ennnon was uninjured ; everything demonstrated that nn assault must succeed. We awaited the attack at daybreak of the ) 8th but in vain, although the fire became much more violent between 4 and 6 o'clock:, The ground trembled for miles aronnd, tlie windows tattled j So BIIOIIS per minute were showered upon our men, upon the works, and upon the buildings in. the neighborhood. After 6 the fire abated, and the attack was made at 10. Strong hostile columns pressed forward against the workB out of the rifle pits, only a few hundred paces 1 distant, formerly ours but now held by the enemy. : T|re . regiment forming the first line upon the left wing, the 2nd and 22nd, were outflanked after a short contest and forced to surrender, after Col, L«son, the chief of the brigade, hut fillen. Isolated shots only were able 10 be Seed from tha works aud the field batteries pasted between thtyn- As far as I am aware, no fire was |n»en tram tire entrenchment in the rear, and when the 8th : Brigade(9lh and 2Uth Regiments'), which only had arrived a few davs previously, advanced from its position in reserve, the Prussian flasi was Mrepdy to-be eern 03 ihe forts 4 and 5. The men ot- veriheltfiB went forward with steady courage under a violent fire; tliey succeeded in repulsing tha enemy,and even in. recovering a portion of the works, but were ultimately compelled to withdraw by the.hail of bullets from the storming par.ies and the fire of the field batteries planted upon the •"iighta- The 3rd Brigade (lOth and Uili U.gmtsfti) *as jibsted fin the fc?t line ot the right wing, aud succeeded in holding that position for •Qwettacfafter tlie left wing had retreated, but was then forced h> eticramb, The retreat never for a 4egvnw*tt»J Into flight; and whenever . _ —o—. ttdtaKiita w dcUtitmiMU were not cut -off by tiw epemy. tlie distance to the tete-depont was traversed in good order.. The garrison at that point consisted of tlie 3rd and 18th liegiments f?nd Brigade). The powerful flre of the enemy, which hart been directed upon this position from tne heights, had dismounted the guns and now raked the bridges, elicits meanwhile falling into Sonderborg, the lower part of which was again in flames, Tlie regiments retreated across the bridge \nto A'sen, where the Guards had already taken up a position in the neighborhood o£ the castle, while the garrison of the tcte-de-pont engaged in a fresh and violent contest with the storming parties of the enemy. Our guns in tlie Church Battery fired upon the attacking columns with great cflect; and the llolf Krulce, which steamed three times into tlie Vemmingbond under a heavy fire, sent her deadly projectiles into the enemies' ranks,causing confusion and loss, When further resistance became useless, the garrison also retreated from the tete-dc-pont, tlie bridges were disconnected, and the safety of the remaining portion ot the army wns secured. Tlie cannonade, however, continued all the afternoon. Daring tlie cnangeiuent the powder magazineof the Mill lJnttery wns blown up, and many doubtless fell at this point. One brave fellow, however, must have survived, for all the guus of the battery were fired after the hollow roll of the explosion had died away. Their charge was too precious to be tost. DENMARK. The king had issued a proclamation to the army in which he says The sufferings and losses of the last few days will not be in vain j they will bear fiuusin this struggle against violence and injustice, a struggle whose aim is the existence and independence of our country." Upon the occasion of the king's birthday the inhabitants of the town of llorseus, in Jutland, forwarded an address of congratulation to his majesty, requesting him Jro persevere in the struggle, aud declaring they will willingly bear the burdens of the PRUSSIA. The victory bcfoie Uiippel was announced by salutes at Berlin on the evening of April 18. Groat crowds of persons surrounded the royal palace cheering the King and Quei-n of P'nssi v»nd singing Ihe Prussian national hymn. Their majesties appeared on the balcony anil thanked the people, and bowed to ilicm. Hearty cheers were given also for tile army. Many houses were magnificently illuminated. FRANCE. The authorities have prohibited a special performance at the l'orte St. Martin (llnmlet, Kalst-iff, and I A; Songc D'nne nuit d'ete), which was adver- Tcrtiscd for Shakespeare's birthday. Referring to this extraordinary jet, the Paris correspondent of the 'Globe' write*; — " All our evening journals dwell on the strange prohibition launched against any Shakespeare banquet, French or British. The grand hotel has been notified to refuse accommodation to the intended bamjueters, nor is tlie ghost of any State reason forthcoming for this co/p d'etat." An inturreclionnry movement has taken place if the division of Oran, Algetip. A cjmpany on French troops Imd been attacked by the Arabs, and, aiming others. tlirec of the officers were killed. Sufficient forces were sent south to restore order. ltUSSIA. In a hittlc between the Circassians and the Russians on the 1st of April, the former lost 2000 and the latter 150(1 men. The Circassians are now negotiating uiili the Turkish government for permission mseltlein Turkey. All the foreign officers who assisted the Circassians had escaped safely to Trapi-ziind. The l'orte had sent five steamers to convey them to Siuopc, Snnisnn, and Varna. ITALY. A popular meeting had been held at Naples, when an address of thanks to the English people for the reception given to General Garibaldi was voted, and also an address of sympathy with Hungary. The address was presented to the English consul at Naples. The Papal government ii said to have come to a successful arrangement with a Belgium firm for a loan ol nine millions of sr.tidi. MEXI'O. The Emperor. of Mexico arrived at Iiomn on April 18. JI19 reception was brilliant. An immense crowd was assembled at the railway station. The French regimental bands performed as lie pasicd through the streets. After a sfav of some days he aud the empress departed for Mexico. AMERICA. Wc have news from Ne v York to the evening of the 14tli of April. Although there is nothing of great importance in the mililary intpllig.-nce, it is evident, that both belligerents are preparing for rigorous action. 