The principle involved in co-operative and , jntttuai benefit societies is one that requires no advocacy in these days. That principle has been so ifully tested, and has produced such results, that its value is everywhere conceded. Its advancement is one of the fruits of that spread of enlightenment among the masses, and that emancipation from mental depend ence which are characteristic of British cona^ inanities in modern times. It is the only prin ciple on which the weakness and the poverty of the many can cope with the power and the wealth of the few ; and not only to some of the giant factories of Lancashire, but to many another though simpler instance could we point for a triumph of the principle of co-operative anion. In . these colonies, more than in European communities, might we expect to reap ad van - tages firom such union for mutual benefit. Here we have but . little capital, and from isolated effort we can hope for very little of * . ? : . . r-' * ? grand result ; whereas, by combination of effort for mutual benefit, we may realise results i that astonish by their magnitude. In no form [ has this principle become so' well known in these colonies as in the establishment and general spread, and great success of Building Societies. ' As is quite natural in affairs partaking of the nature of banking, borrowing, lending, &c.;, the credit of the man of small means is not equal to that of one more wealthy, and this not even in the proportion of his means ; so that when he desires to avail himself of his credit, he is placed at a great disadvantage. But here a Building Society, being of the nature of a banking institution, intervenes, and gives an opportunity to a multitude of persons of small means to borrow from and lend to one another in a mutual way. One person desirous , of improving his property borrows through the intervention of the directors from another per son or persons a sum of money for which he pays a fair , remunerative interest, restoring the principal also in easy instalments. By-and-by the lender is desirous of improving his own property and borrows in a similar manner; all the members becoming thus mutually lenders and borrowers — payments all being made in small sums, but making available in the aggre gate very large amounts. On this there is en grafted further the system of borrowing, as a society, from external sources, sums'rtf money at a comparatively' low rate of interest, and lending them to the members at a higher rate for their general benefit. But the main feature in the scheme of Building Societies is making the moneys of a multitude of persons available to one another by lending and borrowing for their mutual benefit. Now, there can be no doubt that this system, which is confessedly designed for the man of small means, Is susceptible of much greater development; and that in the hands of intelli gent men it might be productive of far greater inutual advantages than have yet been achieved by Building Societies. According to the com mon form of such societies, men are conducted by the mutual principle so far as to procure by loan the required money, and there they are thrown back again on isolated effort. Now why,' we ask, should not ' mutual co-operation go further than this? to the acquisition of land, for instance, and to the erection of houses. And if there be advantages derivable from co operation in building factories, &e.;, why not also; in building dwellings for the poor ? ' But cpming down from theoiy, let us give the question a practical aspect; and in doing so, we shall no doubt tread on the corns of various persons who may fancy our scheme would trench on their honest callings. How ever, as our question is what shall most benefit, the many, and especially the class of labouring men seeking homesteads, coute qui coute, we shall state our views. We are every day cog nizant of the fact that at onr land sales the man of small means is pushed into the corner. Whether it be that the lot is too large for his requirements and hi * purse, or that it is in vain for him to attempt to run up a wealthy com petitor; but certafa it is that the poorer class of labourer does not carry off a deed direct from the Crown. If he wish a site for his little cottage be must wait till the purchaser has subdivided it into infinitesimal divisions ; and then.at a vastly enhanced rate he must take some little spot abutting on a back lane, and leave the healthier opener sites for his wealthier brother. Again, he bethinks him of a house. Now, there can be no doubt that every man is an architect in his own estimation, and believes that he knows what suits his purpose better than any one else in the whole world. Yet, at the risk of offending everyone, we protest that this is blatant nonsense, and that the man who, without some experience in building, commences on economical grounds to direct the building of his own house, has a fool for his architect. And let any one look at the style of houses that are being erected everywhere around — miserably comfortless and most expensive. Mere shells they are, as a general thing, built of such material, that about the time a man will have finished with the Building Society the white ants will have finished with his house. We venture to assert that the expense of such erections is generally unknown to the builder. It is found that sis years will be the average duration of such buildings. Let us suppose a cottage costing a hundred and twenty pounds ; in six years it will have been devoured by the white ants, accordingly there will be a dead loss of twenty pounds a year. Is there no ?vay of checking this fearful extra vagance — no way of putting the hard-working man in possession of a permanent home. Just as our carpenters are putting up Maryborough, she is being devoured off the face of the «arth with vermin ; aud if the ants only made the same booming noise as the cobra in the sfdes of old ships, our streets would be at the present moment vocal with incessant music. Now, we think there is a remedy for all this, and it is to be found in a fuller development of co-operation. Let us suppose a society of the general character of an ordinary building society. At a Government land sale, or by private purchase, it becomes possessed of a considerable quantity of land in one of the healthiest and best situations for residences in the town. This land is subdivided into small building lots, and, if deemed advisable, can be sold at a smal) advance to cover costs to the members of the society who propose to build. Better still. After observing the style of house most in request, let a competent archi tect design a. range of small attached cottages, having mainly regard to convenience and economy, but not neglecting what is comely and neat. We have before our mind a range of stone cottages in a suburb of Melbourne, each consisting of one room in front and one behind, with windows of Chance's patent glass, all beautifully finished, with pretty little gardens reaching to the street; and we believe we are right in asserting that (attached as they are) they did not cost more than the detached wooden, miserable, two-roomed shanties of Maryborough. And should four-roomed cot tages be in chief request, by building them of two stories, with a similar arrangement we have no hesitation in asserting that they couid be erected in brick attached, at a cheaper rate than the detached four-roomed pine cottages at pre sent scattered pell-mell over Maryborough. By selling these in a similar way to the members, receiving as in other cases monthly instal ments, the Society would not only give cheap and comfortable, and pretty, and peejianent homes to our labouring classes, but immensely beautify the town. A Society proceeding on such principles, in conjunction with the ordinary usages of build ing societies, besides availing itself of the usual banking accommodation, might probably derive much service from the ' Australian Mortgage Land and Finance Company,' a branch of which, we are told,, is about to be formed at Maryborough. This company, recently estab lished in England with a capital of one million, founded as it is on the principle of the ' Credit Foncier' of France, and lending its money for one, two, three, four, or five years, would ap pear to be just adapted for such ia system. But ! however this might be, by combining such a ; system with the ordinary manner of working a Building Society, leaving it to the option of each individual member to purchase out his shares either in cash or in a cottage, or in land, and by looking on the interests and the efforts of its members in a liberal and generous and unsuspicious spirit, a Mutual Benefit Society would have a field of usefulness and popularity untrodden by any society in this colony before. We are compelled by press of matter to defer till our next issue our Police Report ; also, the Return of Imports and Exports at the Port of Maryborough for the quarter ended 30th June. Where are the Native Police? Echo an- swers, Where? Lost in the silent depths of mountain and scrub that intervene between Brisbane and the North, or entangled in the mazes of crimson ribbon, which are sometimes thought to intervene in a similar way. One thing we know that, promised many weeks ago by the head of the Government, and alleged by authority to have already started, they have not as yet shown their sable physiognomies in our district. We are glad, however, to find that the force which is intended to be substi- tuted for them is already organised here, and as Mr. Seymour is an Irishman, it is highly probable that we shall have the substitute first and then in Irish fashion they will be suc- ceeded by their predecessors. However this may be, our respected Police Magistrate, acting under orders, has appointed as sergeant one who has already had six years' experience among the Native Police, has also selected one black tracker, and is in quest of a second — for all of whom he has already received horses and equipment complete. Coming events must have cast their shadows before, for the blacks have evidently cleared out, and we are now in Maryborough all smoking the pipe of peace. As tenders have been received for the build- ing of a punt to cross the Mary at the wharf, it seems strange that there is no mention of the making the approaches to that ferry. We trust the Government will not leave the punt to lie rotting for years on the bank wheu it is made, as occurred in the case of the late departed punt for the river at the back of the town. It may be that the attention of the Public Works Department has not been drawn to the fact that very considerable cuttings will be required on both sides of the river before the new punt can be in any way available for traffic. On the town side it would of course be possible to approach past the present wharf, but on the farther side approach is utterly impracticable. We trust that this ferry will very speedily be thrown open to traffic. A large quantity of land is already taken up opposite the town, and there can be no doubt that the opening of the ferry would cause an immediate settlement of a large population there. It would also open up at our doors a district that is at pre sent more unknown to us than if it were fifty miles away. A STRANGE, villainous-looking craft, some what after the fashion of a schooner bottom upwards, having something unmistakably , sus picious in its aspect, has suddenly made its appearance in the river opposite to our town. Lonely, silent, and deserted it lies on the water 'neath the dark shadow of the scrub, giving no intimation of its mysterious nature, or of the unknown purpose of its mission to our port. No human being appears to inhabit that strange thing, nor does any sound of life echo from its inner caverns. Yet a purpose it must have, or wherefore should we find it there ? Is it the ghost of our departed punt visiting us again from the land of shades in wrath, to vex with baleful influences our corporate authorities for neglect shown it in the days of its earthly life? Is it another ' wooden horse,' introduced into our Trojau fastnesses, apparently a gift of amity, but filled with Frenchmen from New Caledonia, waiting but the fitting moment to swarm into our streets and scatter the elements of destruction through our homes? — So far had we written in mysterious awe when the 'devil' standing by our elbow and peering o'er our pen, mumbled out disrespectfully, ' Tut, man, it's the powder magazine.' We are glad to find that the Board of Direc tors of the A. S. N. Company have courteously acceded to the request for the use of one of their boats for an excursion to Hervey's Bay, as a benefit to the building fund of the hos pital. A letter has just been received by the agent here from the manager in Sydney, stating that orders had been transmitted to Captain Cottier to place the ' Williams' on any of her return trips, at the disposal of the hospital com mittee. The thanks of the company are cer tainly due to the company for the prompt kindness with which they have complied with this request in favour of our local charity ; and when the day is fixed for the excursion, we trust that the public will join into the proposal with heart and hand, that all Maryborough will be seen spread out in pic-nics on the hills that rise over Hervey's Bay; and that not only happy hearts and joyous faces, and merry laughs, making vocal the glens of Frazer's Island, but also a good round sum of surplus funds will result from this effort of the Mary borough hospital committee. After a continuance of charming winter weather, bracing mornings, and warm sunny days, Sasby has at length visited our district. On Tuesday, about noon, clouds began to darken over our heavens, and soon drop suc ceeding drop with growing frequency, gave unmistakable evidence of the commencement of what the writers in the Rockhampton papers would call a ' pluvial- visitation,' or as we call it in our part, in more sober prose, ' a regular set-in of rain.'4 And yet we can hardly com plain of Saxby, for he has on the whole been' dealing with us more leniently than with our neighbours ; but in respect for the industry of our corporation, and having regard to the pre sent transition state of our thoroughfrres, we hope this ' pluvial visitation' will be stayed. The second weekly meeting of the Mary, borough Debating Club, was held on Monday evening last. The president, Mr. Hirst, in the chair. There was a good attendance at the adjourned debate on the ' Abolition of Capital Punishment.' The contest was maintained with very considerable spirit, and resulted at last in a vote in the affirmative. Of course it is a little trying to young debaters, to hear from time to time the tittering of persons in the background, who have not the moral courage to come forward and open their own mouths, from a conscious fear of results ; but this trial will soon lose its edge, and in the power of expressively delivering their views, regardless of interruption or criticism, they will soon have more than a reward for the tem porary endurance of a little nervous embarrass ment, The debate was creditable to every person engaged in it. There was a marked courtesy and deference, and a total absence of everything personal throughout, and from the specimen we have seen, we augur well for the future of the club. It is an easy matter to sneer at the first efforts of speakers, but we would strongly recommend that all who think they could do as well as the speakers on last Monday evening, should come forward and let the club see their powers, A very considerable number of new names was added to. the club, and at the discussion, on next Monday evening, on the question ' Whether has Printing or the Steam Engine been of most advantage to man.' to be opened by the Leader of the 'responsible committee ' in favor of tli'e steam engine, we anticipate very considerable animation in debate. It is strange that a town of such pretensions as Maryborough, and advancing with such rapidity, shonld be still without a single ira ternity of the ancient and noble order of Masonry. After the one grand exception, there is no institution among men so pure and so beneficent in its intentions, and which, if carried out in all the purity of its nature and intents, would make man so good, so kind and forbearing to his brother man, and so con formed to the will and designs of the Great Architect of the universe; aud, yet, while every place of importance in Australia has its lodge, and while Maryborough can boast of a large number of good men aud true, who know one another as bound by the mystic tie, there is, as yet. no place where they can meet together, aud carry on their investigations iu the pursuit of knowledge. We are sure that the movement only requires to be made, if in judicious hands, for there is that in every mason's heart that throbs responsive to the touch of a brother's hand and makes straugers one, whatever be the clime. With faces all turned towards the same point, in quest of the same end, wherefore should they not come together for brotherly talk and for brotherly labour. We take the following very interesting in formation from a letter received by the Secre taries of the Queensland Acclimatisation Society from Mr. Kelloway. of Melbourne. Many of the plants alluded to in it a-e already to be found in the Botanical Gardens, but there are others, and also trees, which Mr. Kelloway suggests would be valuable in the more tropical parts of the colony. He says, after referring to various animals which he mentions as likely to thrive in Queensland : — ' I would, however, recommend the vegetable kingdom to you, as much as anything, as you have such a magni ficent field before you in your climate for the acclimatisation of so many useful trees ; take the cocoa nut, for instance, which I think wonld grow on many parts of your sea shores, and besides being an invaluable tree, adds so much to the beauty of the landscape. . A firm in Colombo, Messrs. Wilson, Ritchie, and Co., have been known to clear £8000 a year, clear, off one plantation. English people little know the value of this tree unless they have been in India. I would, above all, recommend you to try the cultivation of the coffee shrub, as I feel certain that in your moist limestone ranges it would pay well to grow it. It would pay equal, if not better sometimes, than cotton; and the first person who shipped a bag of 'Queensland grown coffee' to England, would be deserving of the highest honours that could be given him, in opening out a new fitld of industry whereby so many additional persons could be employed. It may take a little time to acclimatise it, like in Ceylon, where all the first planters lost money but those who stuck to it are now independent. It is really aston ishing what a change the cultivation of this little shrub has wrought in Ceylon, and the fortunes that have been made at it. I feel almost afraid to say all that I thir;k upon coffee-growing in Queensland, but to my mind there is a splendid opening for any moneyed man to try what can be done. The far- famed cinnamon laurel grows in a quartz gravelly soil, of which you hav plenty ; the nutmeg might also be tried, and is a truly magnificent tree ; many of the spices also would do well. The yellow hybiscus, or tulip tree, would be a beautiful shady tree to plant in the streets for shade, as in Ceylon, and it gives a timber equal to lancewood ; the bread-fruit is also a hand some tree; the cabbage-tree (not a palm) is also a nice tree for hedge-rows, from its beauti ful green and yellow leaves; the tamarind is also a noble tree, and the fruit and leaves well known ; the lime is also a pretty tree, and sur passes the lemon, in my opinion, in many res pects, as it bears so abundantly ; the mango is also a delicious fruit, and should be tasted never to be forgotten ; there is also tha pumelo, lowey lowey, guava, &c.; In timber trees, I would recommend the eboi_y, ca'.awander, satinwood, jack, tulip, teak, and others. They are all fine shady trees, very useful in tropical Australia. The rhododendhron grows to a great size in Ceylon, on the mountains For the transport of many of these things, you would require wardian airtight cases for plants, while many could be raised from seeds. All would require care at first, and trying different localities until they got thoroughly used to the change of air and clime.' — ' Courier.' 