TO TE EDITOn Or TIH .IAMA 5NxDEPENDEOT. Shoalhaven, May 14th. Sin,--In your issue of tlho 10th inst. my attention was directed to the critique of the Tinmes on the late lamenetble accident at $antiago, copied with pnartic[lar fide ity and . exactness, under th sensate title of "The Terrible Tragedy at Sit -,o." Were the uinftir and partial cha~ac ter of tlhe newspaper from wlich you q!, as thoroughly understood hlere as in .Esg lIand, I would be splred thd trouible of talking any notice wluatever of tlhe inhunma article to wrhicl I icoer; for it is notorious that, on all questions affecting the Catholic religion the Times does not even try to screen its nuimss, iad ]ebct precikely tihe severse of what it states, we Catholics at least, hold to be true; but here this is not sod well knrown-ii our country districts especiailly the Tiimes, if known at all, is known only as the greatest and most ably conducted Journal in Englnd, acnd because the. most. ibly conducted, as a matter of course, the most respectable and truthfil . It is easy, tierefore, to see the harm ex tracts fromn such a .paper may do-the impressions an organi of such weight, if suffercd to pass unnoticed, is likely to nuulc, wherever journals that copy from it circulate.. To remove suchl impres sious-to say a fe e words on COatho lie cremuonies, - which, in borrowed flippancy are designated "mummery iand fOlly - to lay before your readers a f'ew observations and extracts oni the mnournflil event whrlichl some newspapers with allectcd sympathy chronicle--are my only reaonsons- for trespassing on your coluimns, and nmay, I truat, be necepted by you is sufficient apology fori the intrusion. The Cnthlolic Cliurch, profonundly learned and observant--niriched by the expcricnce of cighteen hundred years, anld directeld by the Spirit of God, is, it is not too much to take for granted, at very perfecteljudge of tihe lhumani heart. Assunming, tllen, that hlier mission is to propagiate tihe gospel preached y our i ord Jesus Christ, iiand committed ly Him to her for thaInt object, slhe neces sniily must, is a fondl spouse. a faitlfd giuanrdilan, and zealous teacher, employ every means within lher reiachl to dif fuse its spirit-to inspire respect andi veneration bfor its sacrcdlcss-to remind her children of the incalculible advantages to be'derired fronom time ipralctice of its preceplts iand to elevate their souls to its divine and benelicent Author. Amongst other agents engaged in tihe lpursuit of. these blessed ends~, are external rites and symbols, aind these she finds, and alhays found her poteout hlulndmaids, and time word of God coimmnds them, and tihe history of the huniini race proclaims that, in every age anid nation their influence on the liuman heart lhave been felt and nac knowledged. WVlhen God formed man of the dust, I-o breaitld into hIis earthly finame an iinmnor tal soul, aid- so willed it tlhat during tlheir combincd existence the latter should re eive imupressions and be instructed thlrouigh tle instrumentaslity of the former--hlonce extcrmal rites antd ceremonies became in the present arriiangemenits of Divine Provi dence, inmtters of necessity; anid though we unhilesitatingly admnit the incomparnable sluperiority of the worsliip of the soul over that of the body, we are none the less ready to recognise external ceriimonies ais its ex pression-ias emineitly calculated to edify man--to direct the soul towards the end for which itwas created-to promote God's glosy-to chelrish piiety-to drown the pas sions -- andl to ennoble humnanity by inspiring it withl ideas abovo all that is earthlly and gross; hence St. Augus tin observes, tlihat, " To decry ex terior worship is tlhereforo to contradict the very lnaws of nature--to rob tlhe Almighty of HIis glory--to deprive mnen of tie most powerful incentives to iholincss and virtue to reduce religion to a miere shadiow, or, ralther, to extinguish it iltogethler, the niotion of an abstraet spiritual religion being preposterous andi absurd.' ,nsprcsscd withl these truths-instructed by' (he voice of nature and tihe mouth of God thie Citholic Church employs her weailth, her acitS, h herspious iand atlietionute inge niity tojhbrlct clurellme;to render them fit for the ivorlslip oft'ltbu Dcity,'by ornaments the most costl; by decoration tlhe most elaborate. Acting on the same impulse, without calculating the dangier.to which so extensire and gsandl an illimination might expose the chldrch and congregation, the heartlessly-mnligueld, though exemplary zealous Fatlhr Ugarte--the Fithfuil minis. ter of ( od's Gospel and great lpulpit orator -spared nieither labour nior expense to render his fine church worthy of a grand occasion-such an occnsiol as fills the hearts of the Cantlholie world with un bounded joy - au occasion upon which God's faithful chlildren sussembled to celo brInte no new accession to the body of Catholic doetrine in the sniipo of a " newly iiventeld dogma," for, the clhurchl to whose keeping Christ committed the Gospel can add nothing to it--can teich nothinig nes - can teach nothing but sihat is, found in Scripture and conflimed -by -tme voice of tradition--the ehurch whose motto is, aiMhil inovetlur - (there shall he no novelty)--lwhich, clings wvithl an etenial anid snpernnturanl tenacity to the worlds of tlhe Apostle,. "iBut though we, or ian angel from heaven, lireach a gospel to you beside that which we hIavo plreachled to you, let iimn be anathema" Gal. Ist,--ean, I repent, teachl nothing but what was believed at niall times, in all places. by all trueo:Christians, "qrluodl bique, quod sesmper, quod ab omnibus Oeredilum est." S.Extraordinary, indeed, to the rmind of tlioehlilologist or biblical selolar, are, tlhe ideh's of the writer in the Times on tihe .nature and qualities of a church divinely sent to tenchl all nations to thle end of time -a church' over whichi the solemit mdord of Chriist is pledged, the IHoly Spirit slall over preside, "And I will ask tihe Father, and H'o shall give you another Paraclete, that lie may abide with you for ever."-St. Jolim, xir. B'ut he is in some degree excusableo, for in matters of religious doctrine he is so muclh accustomed to the rule of," subtrac tion," that he does not exactly see why the Catholio Chlurchl should not occasionally indulge in that of "addition." Strange, truly, are his notions of the church built on a rock against wliceh, the Rodooeemer pro mised -the gates of hell slill not prevail. "All power (snid Christ) is given to-ine in heaven and in earth; go yo, thereforb;hnd teach all nations, baptizing them ihuo name of tlhe Fatlher, and of the Son, anmof the Holy. Ghost; teaching tlem to obserro all things whatsoever I have commanded yon, and behold I am willh you all days even to the consuimmation of the world." -fat. xxviii., 19. Such is thiewarrant with which the Apostles were armed; such tlheir comnussion; and if such the warrant and commission of the Apostles, such, of a ne cessity, thle warrant and commission of their successors-tithe bishops of the Catholie Churoh, (for the Gospel must last till the end of time.) "Allpoweorinheaven andin earth (Christ declares) is given to me," and in virtue of this power IHeI sends them even as the Father ssnt -mins "As the Father hath sent me, I also send you." -John 20th. The eternal Father did not send IHim to teach error but truth, hid.iis. the mission IHe gives is tle samie IoH received, it fol lows His Apostles and their: successors could not tenach error-could iidiltsr "add" nor "invent a noe dogma." The writer in the Times says thee have; but as hIis asser tion is unaccomplanied by proof, it will be taken merely for whats t is worth: thus,. tlhough an eloquent. writer on the staff of the great 4ynasl, he is open to the charge of never i?ng read the Bible, or if he. has; of being in opeless ignorance of its real'and obvious mc ng or, erha ps it is a book on the meanssig ofwhic? ho thlinkts it '"folly to be wise." But my letter bocomebs tedious and needs to be excoused, yet,. when: the provocation received is considered I feel almost relieved of the necessityof appealing in tho usmsl mianndi to,your in dulgenee ---6ur own lledneass must acquit me of a desire to becomo prosy. - The commentof the Weekly lRegister on the melancholy occurrenee I aipperid, and wisli it to bpliere insorted at length. The Iseekly Register commenting on this most molaneholy occurrence .says :-- ' De plorable, fearful, awful, and horrible; hIowever,. as this greait calamity and its details are,e the blasplesmies to wshicl it has given rise are still miore hlorrible anid awfl. Impious writers hboth hlere and is South Amoriea have availedl tlemselves of thle .Chilian catastroplhe,' withl sataisic malice, as' a ibasis upon which, whlilh pretendiig- sympatliy for the victimns, to build uip a i)ilo ofllideouss blasplomics agasist tihe Church of Christ, aid tfoul invebtives sagainst IIis Blessed Mother, aud odious calumsnics againsst the priests: of Sailtilgo. It wosld really seem as if they deliglited in tile awful destructios of a pious cosgregatioi assembled to d hsonr to hIer.whlo bore their own RIe deemor, especiihlly as itl has afforded themn an opportunity of giving vent to their iifernall hatred of the church and its ortdalinl' misis ters. For instance, they have stated that, attached to.thse church whlere the calamity occurreld, there was a'lutter-box into which the superlstitious swomeu of Santiago wore int strcetetld by Fatlher Ugarteto t thlrov their letters to the Blessed Virgin, containing tlhe expression of their- wants and wishlci,' and that 'Father Uganrto unideetook to be tile post nine who was to carre this correspoindoece to the iMotler of God and ier answers to the writers.' The'impiou s Chiliacl wlo wrote thus nmust have know well that hlie was giving a maliciously false version of a very simple circumostancee whlich all (atholies ullnerstand. VWe presmcne no Christian will denyl thle oeicacy of lpraye'r. We are told cn divine cauthority' that wlsre two or three or four are gathlerel together in thle name of tile Lord; heJo is saongst tlem. Catholics, it nieeld notbe said, lbelieve in tile commsunion and itoercession of tele saints. Novecllas ill holccour of partichular saints in every country, and of thle QeeCn of All Saicts in allcountries, areordiinryiscidentas ot Catlslic devotion. On thdse occasions it is a essio cs practice for the feitlifisl to intimate in writilng, ibut anonymously, to oue of tel priests of tile church their desire that tlhe crayers of thle flock miighlt be requested is fivour of thel ' itentioi' (rwhih is niot ex pressed) of the wrlitor-A ]3, or C D, or asy oither allnocyse thlat thle postultit imay have chosen for the occasion, alid before tile coLo ineccement of divino service thle oficiating clergysman whoevter may tie, requests tile prayers of tile fithifii for those unexpressed 'inteontions' accordingly. This is tile whole mystery of the' Letter-Box' whlics has ctlled ferthll so slsany vile cilamics asud blasphemics bolth hera alnd ii Southl America. A cruel clhargeo bas beoc mcade Ilepon tlse priests coil nected wsithl the clhurchl, thalct they sought only their own safety and lthat of vlwhat has bees flippantly called ' their wroodcu idols sand trumpory u tenlsils,' anld that shaving secured tllose obljects thley skulkedl off' and left thelir victils to perish in. tile 'filaes. The iiquccity of tslis calumuy--fer it is it foiul one is best proved bIy tile -facts we are ablout to state. There were two priests, and only two iriests and four' young clerics in thle church iat thle tise tse conflagrationl occurred. One of thle priests was dragged from tile elhurch ilsen sible ancd nearly suffocated by a lay memnber of thle cocgregation; asd the other remseinedl at his post to thle last, ondeaviouring tobe of some help, and whlen hlie saw the cliance of resecuing tilhe poor victims hados anislled, he still re iasined in the doorway of the sacristy until the lamless drove hisn from it, doing hIis duty as a. devoted priest of tile Catholic churchl. Of the four yo'ag ecelosi'stics, ..we lamesnt to say tlhat three pdrisled il thq flalines, two young sisters of one of them having shared tile same fete. Acd asi to the articles tuat wsre saved, they were talken froms the sacristy, lwhich was thle last pIlace to whlichl thle flames penetratetd, snd even this was cdoae, not by either priest or cleric, clit by a lsymani , and ulpon his own iso Iclsc. Aothler charge is tlhat these cruel, selfish priests who eared only for. themselves and thleir trumpepry. closed thle sacristy door ind thus prevented tlleeseape of smany. Tlhe celerge is an abominable falsehoodl. The sacristy door wess iover clo- ed, -aad several oscaleCId througls it. 'lThroughlout that dread fel nIight tihe Archblishop and priests of San tingo wcere inceessant in their pious labours of itteudiig to thIe sullcslrers and admilistering tihe consolitions of religion to the dying. A\otlher ground of iabuse upon tile clcrgy of the ruieCd church of Santiago, is thle circum stauce, already alluded to, thalt one of them ceame upon tile blrninig altar, andl alid tile horrors of thle dreadftil sceneo prosouniced the alsolution over tile dying. In acting thus thle priest did hIis duity in the midst of great peril to hIis own person: and for this Ihethas teoss hold up to obloquy, especially bIy the blaesphlcmous infidels of tile Chliliin press, who sopeakl of the mummerices of sp5lperstition as glilbly as if thelse had lnitdicdunder tihe author of thle Durham Letter." You will agree with'me that the senti ments of tihe foregoing comment are those of ai Clristian writer of a humano disposi -ionl; while just and true, w.ith no inclina tion to conceil facts, it respects ithe deep mad indescribable anguishl of the priest VhIo, unfortunately, organized thle sad il lumination. It seoms to foeel that if the fecuntic anguish of a man who accidentally deprives his friend of life, should be re speclted, considerod;soothed, and pitied,how much moroe that of an educated and refined gentleman and a minister of the Gospel, undercireumstanecesincomparably more sad. Hence I, for one, feel deeply grateful to the TVeeklf Register for his humane and considerate commeoti. To othler jourinals, not Catholic, I feel tlhankffl for the charitable anidhonorable attitude they have assumed, whilb no langngoe at my com mand can convey an idea of the horror I entertain for the criticism of the Times as it stands in the columns of our colonial journals. No tiger ever sprang os ts prey with half the ferocity le has, on the most melancholy of calamities, just to glut his anti-Catholic fihry. Willth the in norcent who perished in the church of La Compania, hle has no real sympathy. There are calamities, in swhich foe would be sorry to see one involved;--there is a stagein grief which even the bitterest enemy jreuld regret to see one reach; there i2 degree in punishmenet which the nemost hi lartless tyrant sould recoil from inflictilng;--there are moments and inci dents in the lost days of the doomed cul lrit that would move to tearis and forgiv liess even those onwhom he inflicted the fatal and irreparable wrong; but an accident attended with consequences so really awfie, ooextensive'and appallilng asto Cdefyparallel, and exceed almost credibility-one that Icaves thousands drowned in lamentation and clothes a large city in teb drapery of death, evokelts from the T'imcs and other journals of his tone, not pity, not sympathy, but comments whichl preelude even the remote traces of Christian fecling; comments that breathe but exul tation, mockery," and blasphomy. His sympathy for thie '! flower and bloom and besity" of San Jago is assumed for a pur pose. He cares as little for the Catholic ladies of Chili, as he does for our mothers and sisters in Irelanld who perished not bytlhe two ltbusaund but bhy the hlndred thousand--isothby accidelnt, but bthe t cool, deliberate crueltly of the Government whose policy heli advocates. oe- aftects to mourn over the terrible and painful end of the "flower, and bloom and beauty" of San tinago; bu't not a sighl did hle draw, not a tear. didhe .slhed over. the remains (quite as' spotless) of thousands of Irelaud's fairest daightei',wvhopassed fromthissad exile, and, ii inany instances, into shroudlcis and un doflined graves, by the slow; torturing pro cess 6f inanition. No, the,.rel enld and object of the notorious article I conceive to be, to conviet the priests concerned as ac tual assiesseins-and to hold up to ri dicule - and fthlat in language both undignificd and' low --- Catholicity and its ministers, and if. possible, to pcersuade the pebliet theat tie mourn fihl - accident was nothing less than a visitation of the Divine wrath on suyerstli. tious Catholics; superstitious; because tlhey. assembled to pay. relative :honour to Hler Wlom the Spirit of God declares all gncrations shall call blessedc " Ecc enise " hoc bealam me dicent .omnes genera tionecs."-St. TLuhe, 1st.D But this mode of argumentation may lead hiie to very in convenient conclusions; ,by this process lIe imay have to admit thllitt the persecu tions and violent deaths bf 'the twelve apostles were Diviei visitatins ! i - I remain, Sir, ?ery faithfully yours, D. J. D'AlICY. 