THE COAL REWARDS. TO TIIE EDITOR OF THE AOE. Sir, — In your issue of 10th you published a letter, under the above heading, signed by ' James War man,' complaining that no ' partner' of Mr Davis has answered his self exalting account of his coal discoveries, and of his account of Davis's finding coal in the manner ho has done for tho reward of £1000 ; but Mr James Warman stating also that he had. penned a letter in a previous journal of yours (4th ult.), on referring to it (not having seen it before, as I was at Cape Paterson at the time), I find he has been addressing the hon. J. F. Sulliwan, M.L.A., and Minister of Mines, on tho subjeot, as well as drawing publicity to his (reputed) public services ; and I am sorry his modesty was so far overcome as to do so. However, what he stated about being employed by Mr Raleigh, and other remarks about himself, may be true, but he should not state what is not true in order to prevent another from getting paid his due. Mr James Warman has been paid for his ser vices as per agreement, and Mr Richard Davis wanted to be paid for his services as per agree ment. And as Mr James Warman's remarks have already occasioned some unpleasantness, I trust, Sir, that his request 'that the right saddle be put on the proper horse ' may bo complied with. I wish to be brief, and inform Mr James Warman and the public that lie is wrong in his statements. Let me explain : According to Mr James .Varman's statement a committee of the House has recommended a reward of £1000 to a Mr Davis as tho (alleged) discoverer of a coal field at Anderson's Inlet, and then proceeds to trumpet forth his own researches about Screw Creek and Gipps Land carboniferous indications, and the ser vices he reudered in finding the gold- fields in that locality. But, Sir, Mr Davis does not get the reward for any such worthless productions as Mr James Warman's, but for the discovery of an extensivo available coal field — not any way near where Mr Warman states, but ut Cape Paterson, in an entirely opposite district in locality and in strata; and it is therefore very wrong of him to assert that he (Mr Warman) was sent ' to bring, and did bring, samples of coals from the identical seams discovered by Davis some seven or eight years thereafter.' Mr James Warman may have seen, as far as he knows, indications of coal at Anderson's Inlet, Screw Creek, and Gipps Land; but it is eyi-, dent he knows no more of Davis's discoveries at Capo Paterson than he knew what ho was writing about when he was penning the letters lie has so foolishly sent to you for publication, as information or as a caution. However, Sir, before I conclude, I also should state that Davis's discoveries wero made many years bo-' fore Mr James Warman states he mado his, and with this difference, that the Capo Paterson fields present tho means of supplying the nnlnnir ?»??* Ml PHflls flf t ll O host, flUnHCV for overy purpose, and in any quantity, and no other field has yet been pronounced ' available' by tho Geological department of the colony (nor by any person besides, who knows the nature of a colliery), excepting tho field of ' Davis's discovery and that opinion I have ropeatedly heard urged by mon of practical expericnco in mineral surveys, and from the largest works in England and Wales. Enough. — I am, Sir, your very obedient sorvant, THOMAS BURY. The Admiralty, it has transpired, sent an officer to America some time ago to inspect and report upon tb,o guns in use tliero. Tho officer intrusted with this mission is ono of whoso ability there can bo no doubt. — Times. In Oude an Englishman finding one of his la borers idling, gave him a shove. That samo night the native poisoned himself to death, in the belief that his ghost would haunt his master. 