SONGS OF-IRELAND, No. 7. MOLLY CAREW. Oca hoosV'snd-what trial do? Sure TOy love 5» all crost inke a bud in the frost s . And there's ro> «ee at all in my going to bed. For, 'tis dtramet ana not sleep that come into my bead. And 'Us all about you. My event Molly Curcw— And'indeed 'tis a sin and a shame! You're eomplater than Nature In every feature, The snow can'tjoompwe With voiir forehead so Cur, And I rather would «w juet one blink of voureye, Thau the prettiest star tliat shines out oftiie sky, And by tbu and by that, . For the matter of that, You're more distant by far than that same. Och hone! weirasthru! I'm alone in this world without you. Ocli hone! but why should 1 spake Of your forehead and eyes, When vour nose it defies , Paddy Blake, the schoolmaster, to put it ™ 11.0' there's one Bmuee, he says, that would call it enublime; And then for jout cheek, Troth 'twould take lum a week Its beauties io tell, as he'd rather j Then your lips! oh, mschree! In their beautiful glow, They a pattern might be For the cherries to grow. 'Twas an apple thai tempted our mother, we know, For apples were scarce, I suppose, long ago, But at this time o' day, Ton my conscience I'll say, Such clieiries might lempt a man s father! Och hone! weirasthru! I'm alone in this world without you. Och hone! by the man in the moon, You taze me all ways That a woman can plazo, . For you dance twice ae l.igli with tliat thief, Tat Magce, . As when you take share of a jig, dear with me. Tho' the piper I bate, For four the ow!d c'icat Wouldn't play.you your favorite tune. And when you're at inasB, My devotion you crass, For 'its thinking of you, I am, Molly Carew. While you wear, on purpose, a bonnet 60 deep, That I can't at your sweet purly face got a peep. Oh, lave oti" that bonnet, Or ehie I'll lave on it The loss of my wandering son !! Och hone! weirasthru 1 Ocli hone! like an owl, Day is night, dear, to me, without you. Och hone! don't provoke me to do it; For there's girls by the score That loves me—and more, And you'd louk very quarc if some morning you d My wedding all marching in pride down tho street, Troth, you'd open your I'yes, And you'd die with surprise To think 'twasn't you was come to >t! Arid faith, Katty Naile, And her cow, I go bail, Would jump if I'd say "Katty Naile, name the day." And tho' you're fair anil fresh as a morning in May, While she's short and dark like a cold winter's day ; Yet if you don't repent Before Easter, when Lent Is over, I'll marry for spile, Och hone! weirasthru! And when I die for you, My ghost will haunt you every night. 