Mil. GLADSTONE'S S PAT li INSURANCE j PHO-11ÎCT. Wo find in tho Emptru tho tollón mg explanation of ' Mr. OliiKton 's State niHiii moo projut, apparently ti. tiaclol from nu 1 ngliBh papoi 'I bo pin ritió of M - Gladstone's bill is twofold In tho dist pliioo, it lamil ales tint evcdlmt (omi ot Biiung »Illili consists ni tb» pm oh wo ol dotoiieil un intus through tim medium nt tin Pul-olli o suing.,' bmks hy rumbling I ho purdiisor to nuke Ins pnvni juts in small instalments At p thint nuv ona nil i wislits to emploi tlio ndniiiabla miiluiory ol thoso l'ist- Hu i banks foi tile purpose of securnm inaniniity ni old o »-und tlioio is no mod ot saving «luoii bat I or ¡isi-i vis nil tliö oncoii rngoinunt logisl»lion pin Rivait-m rci{iiiiod topiy donn tlio wholo | uielmso monoy in » mu ,lu sum It is nnno oessiry to i em irk that Hiioh a lomlitmu mu*.,, ni the vast iiiijouty ol iisos,bo virtually prohibitory, and it is «tatod thil, in point pt f u t, not one deloirul iiniinitv li ih boen ho piirnlinsed since tlio L'ost-otheo --avinés H ink Act first caine into opomtion. Mi U hillstone jiropos« to ¡lo anny with thtrt mutton it ami inconvenient îoslric tinn, and to einpovior tho 1'ost ulboo banks to luku pio miums on thuso minuit les in hi h ii ill hums uk (hu flovernment oin nllord to leceivo 1'ioiu and attoi tho passing ot tho present mmsuro it will, Ibero tore, bo open fo any industrious in ti« iii er (loiniM le Horvant to eoouro un absoluto and mdoL isiblo proiision for declining years by tbu porialioul pay mont, ot ii frao tional amount out ol lus or horutol ly 01 monthly \wigis As tlio seal« ot premiums »ill ol couisu bo ho ii ijustiui to tit» liabilities inclined us to romlor this binndi ni hinti noss ontiroly Boll-siippoittng, an liiviilmblo bjon will thus bo cotitorreil on tlio iiulusti iouj ana fingal poor at literally no cost to tlio Statt) I ho pay mint ol ii to« psnoo weekly daring tho yoirs of youtli und attivitj will onsiiio a snug littlo pons on in olinga-a pension lol it Indi tho I nth of tim nation will bu piedgod, ami »limb will bo whilly troo lrum thiiio tembló risks to wini ti ou ctsional trm I uni Ir quint mis inn igotnuiit evposo the iiimnUiits nt ti loutit v nul bondit saciotiis in the next pi u i, li Uli Istono'i bill romovo-. ali nb Hiiul résiliation atpiûsoiit attsting on tho guiiitot »mill tlte assiiiinces by thflfiovouimmit UnJoi Ibohwnsit now stum!", the Uoverniiioiit ih aiitbm mod to grant lite policies up to til« limit of J. 100 (tint lining iibiutllio point ut »Inch, goneially spunking, the oidiuary business at lila assurance conipuni s beginn), but with ii proiiso tngonionsly onlcnlited to romlor tho wholo system imgi tory 1 lioso potty lite ¡issiiraiioos oau only be ollootod by peisons who at tho s mia time pardu so detoirul nimm- ing , mid it is obv lons that the sort ol people who vi isb to buy annuities aro not tho sort of pcoplu who will usually uish to insure then lives liotb iiuitsaotious agrio m being rrodea ot suing mono) willi ii now lo the tuturo, but they havo nothing ilho m common. Dior uro radi- cally dissimilar opotaliuiis, and uint ni pinto totally dil teront contingencies. A man liny h adotoiioil uni)nil) to piovulo lor his omi old ago A man limuii» bin lito lo próvido for those who uro to como utter him limo is not the slightest piesiunplion that n poor psihou who wishos to lay by his Hiivm^H in ono ot thoso two way h will also wish to bi>vo in tho other, nml, it is absurd, thoro toro, to mulio tho ono Iransiiotiou in any uianner condi- tional upon thoothei. It it is right und «un fin tbu Oftvirnmont to oncruingoiimlhoilitiito tho piaolicool lito liisiiranoo among tho working diisHes by granting potions foi umounts bulo« tho rungo ot tlio ordlnmy busiiiiHS of tSo gioat companies it < nt noithor bo right nor wiso to confino the bondit ot the sjstoni c\cliisiioly to poisons who uro no1 ni tlio least likely to avail themsi-lyes ot it. lo oil\\.r to instit o u pour man's lito tor X20, A1}!), or i.lull, piovidod bo chooses at tlio .simo timo to make ii parti- cular modo ot investment lor Ins old ngu, is lo dog the prolforod advantage with a wholly muley mt mut ovon antagonistic condition. II it bo urged that it is only by this sol t of " hedging" thal tho tstalo can prolect Hsolt against having bad 'ivon tuiiiiliilontly pnlmod oil on it ns good ones, tbuio is nothing to bo said but that tho Stato had batter lot tho wholo thing ulano. 'Hiero soenis no roason, hoyvovvr, why tho hinno simplo prcoiiitions vvhioh aio, on tlio whole, lound siilhcient lo piotcctasHiirinco compimes nfiiinst frumls ot this olnss, should not bo suc OQSstull) rosortod to by tho Oovorumont mid its locil agents At all oiei'ts, tlio Minister íesponsiblo tor tnkingoaia of tho publia monoy tspropaiod to try tim oxpenment. Mr Gladstono proposes by Ibu prosoiit bill to remove tlio anomalous reduction whioh linntH Ibu grant of small Iifu pohoie i to tho purchasers of dolcrroil nnniiitios. 'Hie proposnl iippoars to us essontially ron Bonablo, and wo ti list unit, unless somovory strong prac- tical nrgninonts ran bo brought iigunsb it, tlio mouhuio will rcceivo tbo final sanotian of l'arliainont. A Love 'íi.aokdy-Georgo Mall, a jowollnr'tfiitiimpcr, aged twuutj-two, was indicted (or tho murder al Jua Milo, at ilia Warwick Ashi/ck Ha liutl previously horno tlio ohm actor of a ntuu<lj Imniano mun, and lind Leon mar noel to Um deceased on Ulirnilmus duy. Tor somo timo previously, mid up lo that day, »ho lind " kopi ooiiipnii}" with a young mun immuil Mm tin Ju>,nnil on tho evening of li or weddin,; das sim loll har liin>liiiid,iinil roliirned to bur mother'* house, tlio next tiny lia took bei Inch, but inn. tiiw days sim loll loin ugnm, mid livud upurt lioni lum till tlio dny of lier death, llor iiiolhor tentiliud that ono night ho oiimo to tho homo, mid \\\iih s or) low, nml nttor Mttiug Homo tune, nnd whisporing to hu wifo, mut loaning lim lioud uiouriiliilly on tier shoulder, ho qhI.iiI lier to gn nut with lum r-lio svhh going without dor bonnet, hut ho deiurel lier to put on her bannel, mid thou hIio wont out nita tho diukneiw with linn Sha wau novor hi on ulivo nguiu. Ho shot her on (ha bralga m tho «hook, mid novor «poko. Ho lind two londed |iMto'n, and it ivns pios-od Hint bo bud bought thom on tim mi» nmg ot Ibu murder-Thnjury mt ii eil toeloliborito for about urpiartor ot an hour, und thon rotin noil into court with u sordiot of "Guilt}," bcooiii puiied by it Htrong i oeoiumondntion to moros on ntrouut ot the prosooutlon which tho prisoner lind reeoivmt ni tho hands ot tho murdered woman. Upon Injuring tlio sor- diot, Ilia prmouor uppeiiretl to wiku up fruin u hiato ui B upor, mid thoro onmied (ina at tho munt dlHtrOMimg soaneH that Ins o ovei boun wiIiiohhoiI in a court of jim'luo. Ho mud-"I may bo allowed lo huy it fuw wordu in toro I am condemned to d10 I liavu kopt company with her lor moro than thron- s,oars, und dilling tlmt timo thoro iH no mau on earth Unit lovad a girl bottor, ami all that tuna nho lotod ouollior I niniriod her, lor Rho sud hIio lud no lu mo to dwoll in. I mid, 'Siniib, I havo a good homo «ml will son nhiiro it/' Sbo ti ml ' George, if jon svill givo mo ono chair and a Hlool I will dwell wah von till Ibu day 1 d10 ' Wo woio murnini on OlirlHtniuH-day, a» thoi havn HU''. Al night »ho kui I hIio wuk poorly and wont homo to bur molhoi, and on SiUur diy night ulm nlopt with Alurlln hho mine to mo again attur liuinir m bud with that man. Is tlniro a hunt id 11 mun in 11 Christian land who will condemn or Munition the condemnation ot 11 poor man under Midi oiiouni Hi anees? Wliou ulm Haul to mo 111 tho prenunr-0 ot her mother Unit I h id tliiouteiiud her lil», hI 0 kaIiI bIho with a (nicer, Mho brut child Huit 1« bom hlmll bo latlioiud on you mid you hIihII nob ho the Intimi ut it.' Whim I um dindum! gouo theie in noona boro who will Ray that I lim mud a Intir ot liol hoad. If Mm tin Joy woro hain ho would nolilunj what I my about him Lot my piiranU visit me, and lot my triondx snub mo mid pin} willi mo 111 tlio noiidoninod 0 II, mid lot mo thou rino lo tho Hu ono ol God and boju Igoil by our Lord .li huh-bust I Hlinll tin 11 Hue lim wlioio no man uau loar hoi I mm ino 1 hope tho Kurd will purdon m\ hiiih, and talco mo buloro tho tim« nppnmlud lui my 0teeni ion into a bettor woi lil. I rniy candidly that Marlin Jov lum hoon tim rum ot my lifo, thal mimili havo heun (lomfortablo mid happy." '1 lies poor wretell then lull, m a limiting oomhlion, into Ihn iii mu nf thu wardoru. I bo nouiio iii oamtduring tlio de- livery ol lim uddio<H was ludosorlbablo livery ouo pio* xolit was viHibly ulrnototl, mid tho woinou who thronged tho gulloiy dohbod iiloud Ah hooii uk4 tlio mum ion bul iii homo meiiHiiio Miibsidiul, D10 louruod jnlgo, who appeared muoli moved by what hail Liken plnoo, piiHsud Hontoimo of death upon tho prinonor |'(jreal ooiicui 11 wau tell iiinong all iiliih»en 111 Ibu town »nil ntlghbuiirhood ot llirniinglium tor I bo unlorliinato oiilnrit, and 11 utroiiuoun ollurt was mudo to indiioo tim Homo Siuiolury to omiHidur Inn ohio, mid givo 1 lleot to the jury1« iel 011111H1111I ilion lo nun ey. A grunt iiiiish ot oviileneo wa« laid bel iro tho Homo Sonreían, ovi lonoo whioh waa adviHtdly kept link at I ho ti lal, hut whioh waa of a olianuitot to reduce tim pilnonm'Hoiiino I rom miirilor lo iiiaiiKhiiigblei A meinorinl from tho nbovo town in lui bohulf, with Al) it]!, HtgnatiiroHiittuoliod to it, wa» iilso «out to hir OeorgoGioy. Ihoiemiltol all I lu hu hiiumnu cllortu ban huon tho loprioyanl tlio «ulprit, whioh renuliod tho guo) »ulhoiiliOH uhuiit midnight proviou» to tho morning ol tho intended oiooution J A dinoun point lim buen brought botoio the Court ol SohhIoiihiiI l.iinbuigh A linly brought an notion for breaub ol proiniHo ol murringo ngaiiiHt a guntltmiin wIiohu mum) is not »Utoil. It hduiiih that ¡11 dariiim, I HO I, thu gontleiiiiin piupOHod, and wan iiunoptud , but in Miy lollowing liDHuiit u loiter to tho young lud), eon. loaning willi pam thal ho did not love her but ollering to imury hor it hIio wuuld havo it ho '1 ho lady ooiitondH thal tliU lettoi ia a virtual brunah of Ins ongiigemont, Slie (ivor« that by thu murringo I'm ninia ol tho Kalah Imbed Ulmrali ot Hoot! uni, tho mini «olomtdy "vows lo be a loving »nd ititlifiil himbuiid," und tho woman II "loving, f-ithlul, mid obodiont wilo ," that Huh wau tho lund ot murringo whioh wuk iii the oonlomplalion ol bulb pirtloH when thoy outored into thoir engagement, und nob a murringo without lovo , and that, although in tho totter the dutuudur jnotoiidod to give the ptumior the option of oithoi mai tying lum " m tho absence of lovo," or ot bleaking otl the engagement, tins wa» n moto cunning ami fraudulent dnvioo on his pin t to oitcnpe tho responsibility wlnuh li» knew bo lud inoiiiroi). Tlio i oiirtdnulid flint tho oiisn sliould bo tncfi m tlio régu- lai tot ni, though thoilolniidoi tiigntl ihoiu «iis iiopyidonoo to yo to h pu y "Al (lu (iiumiuiiooniciit ii tim tu w yini,"*iyn (ho Ali» l*oi A t'imf\, " tho usual moot nig yi in bold in tlio l!u\\. Henty Wind lieeolu-i's oliuri h, lo oVposii ol tho s ttings tor (lie yon 1 bo oliurob was provided ti» its utiiios pitpiimly I'ipoisoI) at neun o'oloek Mr llonnhor iippoiin'il (ii tho pbiltorin innl in ii low not tis atatoil the ob| mt ol the gulbeimg nnil tho tonus ol salo. Ho saul oin li po y had ii hie 1 vn nation, and that the chôment all in tin-bous i would be olloieil without nsorvntioti lor piovians oieiipints to tim lngbist Imbin Mr. I'lllsbury thon coiniiionood tlio mile, ami continued ii ti\t lo bali .punt oloviMi without inlPi mission 'the pi net ut, s of tho salo tar Pioooilid thufc ot nuy prey mu-, year 'I ho sales amount to ovni 32,00(1 dois , while last yent (liepioceoibi wore only about 2$,000 dills 'llieio «oro veij ninny persons piisent who did no1 obtain neals, owing to the ¡ugh premium at winch llioy «ire sohl I vety povv, all tlio ntslo chum, and ovnii tho toinporaiy seats willoh hil o roumuly been orosloil in tlio renr portion ot this ohuioli «oro (lisp >»ci) ot nt a romarkiibly hii>h prioi- Tim lughosr pi i munn paid »as 2l)'>(lols ,tbi)iio\l highest 180 ilols., at wlnoh pi no sever«! wein sold " .Scotland is going to soiul us neil benings Huh season, iilaigelunt having minio both omis moot-that is, tho ftost mid the hoiruv glut-and toed tlio Inning tor a London luxury during hot weather. Some gentlemen nt Coi k uro saul to pontompl.ito form . ing nu lush Brigade to tsko nervio» under tlio lung of Denmark. Many aro disposed to fiirtltut the iiionsuro, should eiiouuistiincp.it lonilti the uid ol such n foioo desirable. 'Ibis is nu impulsivo movo ot gallant young men in fmour ot tho t'rinooss of Wnlei, mid they propuso to pall tho cot p« tho ' Alexandra Cent Gum ris " nearly ono hundred gentlemen bavo iilnmdy enrolled their nomos, taking tor their motto, " Hightngniust Might." An inquiry wus bold on tho body ot n boy, aged 11, who osrae by Insilonth recently iimloi tho tolloning peoiiluir oin iimstnnci-s bjicrnl boy s wiro having ti game nt »no« bull in ir, at Kilburn, when ono of thini hit the ili- ceased with onoot tbu snow bulls, amibo tell down insensible, was takon homo, mid died in a tew hours nllorwnrds Medical einlonct was adduced, and tho jury found a verdict "That the deconsod died dom injin y Biistuutcd accidentally while playing at snowballing " A Yvoiv in Sum p's Ui.cnmvei.-Mr Thomas Kay, n morohiinl nncl slupbroker nt hundei liin.l, toll donn doad on New Your'« Day. His vonornblo nppeariuico, blimil lioss of nianiior, and tho uanoi minutons mr ho nsstiinod Im I then intomlod elli ot, lor Mi Kay was not only goiio rnllv respected, but Ins pirtncrs lind tho most implioit faith in his mtigiily. His death excited rotiBidernblo publio itympntliy. li has biiico Irannpirod that tho de ooihpd hml boee onriiing an a fraudutoiit »Jstem of obtaining cash lo mt unknown «mount by munns ot trnuiluloiit bills, in which (ho signalmen of portions dealing with tho firm woiu used us ticouptnncos without 1 then knoivledco oi nonsi nt. A young lads of Hixtcen nummcrn Iutols uri is eel nt fouinwllo who lind ni is ed oightonn months in tho omi), bomg connected witliHOson dillereut regiment«, participated in sosoiiil engagements, hoon soriounly woundud twice, and h id been tlmoovoreil mid miistorod out ot hoivico oight time« Mio ni u I nniiiliiin hy lui Iii, mid isbuuuil to light lor tho Amoricnn Union -American 1'ancr In i n nddrcHt nt Ohehnslord, tho othor das, Lord Oh illusion! told tho iollowing anecdote - Ihoro wim a frioiul ot hw ut tho Hu who wai engaged in ii niiutioiil oiho in whieh it appealed that n noshuI lint been oxponod to usury Hosero gilo ol wind,and had boon thrown upon her be un omis His friend tho li in ister, lgnornnt of nunile ii mutton), nskod a noiman who «an m the Million» Ikin how it was that thoy did not lower the topmast, upon which tho witness iimd, willi u «nepi, "It sou know nu m ne li ol tho hi i an I do, inn would know that Ihm in not n s erj ensj mailor " 1 his moulent tin ned tho attention ot bin learned triond to the nubjuot, mid ho m ion tod an uppirntus tor lowoiing topmiinln, tor which ho obtained a patent, nu 1 ho roalimd upwind« ot XJ0,001) hi Ihm, nu it might bo lei mud, ncoidantnl insontion Hie Cambria Leader bijh that i coonil} a lad, ogetl toiirtcon, living ut Omilnin, wont out into the bank jurd in the evening, mid rcturno I nlmont liintnnlly in grout Inj'ht exclaiming thnt ho had neon lim own ghost When hiiIIii louth rocoserod to giso an net mint, ho mud that on opening tho back door ho saw himself, white and death Ill o, Hlanding in liont, mid ho at onco ran bnok. Mm triundH ondoavoured to jolto bun out ot tho belief, but ho wn» not to bo nhill,cn , mid, mngiilni to add, ho Biokoncd, mid, though a bouilli} lud up to tho dalo el lim fright, grow »orso und died An Amhiuauian IV/n -Doon Swift lind HiitcoRH full} nhiiwn how a choice ut wordnuml thoirnrrnngamont might maka plain 1 nglmh look ezi ardingly liku Latin, llio idoa was carnot! out further by unothor wit, who, aulul by a olovoi ongrnvor, produ ed, m 17M, n print called " 1 lio l'ur/lo," whioh han novor boen nurpasBod in ltd pocuhui stylo - «UNIS A Til lil. JSST ONl.UK 10S _T li. CLAUD, eos TLK. TU1L' L. SLI.l.LUO r. IMP IN. Ol'. ONAN. DO lil. m. b.O. ON. SOU T. J. A. N. n. " 'I 1i!b otinous inHonption in li umbi j dodionted," says ¡tu author, " to tho penetrating genuinen ol Oxton!, Cam hrulgo, 1'ton, and tho learned hooioty ol AnliiiunricH " Ibu brui, loiirlh, tuxlh, mid thnn eonoliiding Iiiioh uro particular^ happy lnutntioiifl ot a I ntm inscription It in, Jiowevor, a Himple I nglwli opitiipb , tlio key, publinbod noon altcrwurilii, tolling un -' 'tho iiihonptioii on tlio stone, without liuving regird to tho utopn, cnpitol tattara, or illusion ot tho wurdi), ensilj roiuln nu fidlowH i ' lloiieulli tint* Htono reposotli Olnudo Conlor, tnpo noller, ot Impington, an doth bin consort lune '" A bro took plaeo at nomo tilnnting powder milln nour Plymouth. It originated in the pitcking-rooni. and ot ono timo llirenteiiod lo lench tho pluoo uhero the main (¡ii mut} ol tho powder wuh ntond. Higmil wnn liow evor ni ulo to tho li ig-nlup m tho lim hour, mid tho tiontH and tho ongmoH ol thal sonne!, together with thone ot tho St (looigo, Indun, Cmopiis, mid otliern, under tho ohaigo nt about 8110 mon, nturled for tho nooiio of notion. IhosuiloiH in Hie most conrngooiiR iiiiiniier entend tho milln, and Hiiccooded in lemoving n largo i|ii entity ot tho powdor I rom tho premiso«, mid linnlly m Hiippronning lim lire. Tbeio wan ona partial explouion, and two men woro injured. Hu M Montefiore, tho eminent (nglmh low, lia« jimt returned to Gibraltar from a mission to Moroooo, under- taken with the oljcot ol inducing the Kmperor to ro mosnnomo ot tho liinabiliticrt under wlueh Johh labour in Inn dominions Hi« i llorts havo boon Hiiccanfifiil in ob Initiiiignn inipiiriiil idiot Hutt will improvo tho position ot tho fo#n in Iho interior ol tho toiiutn. A young linly having mot willi n disappointment in lovo resolved to tbiow lmrself into tho I'Hie She did so from tho "New bridgn," and greatly to herastonishmont mid tho amusement ol Um lookors-on, found horsolt sealed on Hi» io», foi getting thnt it was fro/en I Al hibol lloilingliiuu, somo lunn ngo, n woman being taken ill, atti ibu ti d her complaint to n tor tuiio-tollor, ngoil light), who ivas deal mid dumb Hha porHundod tho villigors thnt ho bad bewitubud hur,and aoootdingly they itncikt(I lum until bo dud 'lim woman mid a man havo boan sentenced, nt tlioUliolnisfoid Assises, to six months' impriHoiiuii tit. I Im Oovornmont aro taking stops to ahcok the sootnl evil in garrison Intuís by tiirbiddiugHoldiors li oin enter- ing «treat« notai mun loi oontiuiutig lionnes of ill-tiimo, mid planing soiitiicsiil Um outrances ot «noli streets, tiny ami night, to enforce nhoilionoo lo tbo eirdor Uatbnrino 1'mry, ogoil sovmity-fivo, who wah in receipt of put nil rubel at nu uiipionoiinneiiblo Welsh town, rmenlly fell mid liaoltirod hut thigh As bIio lay bnd riililmi, now» urriveil that, hy tho donth ot n liiverpool oniisiii, silo wiih n £3 DOD hoiross. ihn now» ho ulloolod bur that pnlpitntion ot tho heart sot in, and donth on sm ii ni twmt)-four hours Her brother, a shoemiikor, who bad ulso icooived X 1,(10(1, carno ni for his nutoi's prop rty. An Austrian ooiintoHS, who lost foin of bornons during tho war in Italy, bus now huon doprivod ot lior fifth and last son, who foil at tim bnttlo ot Oversee. In bur doop ¿no1 sho bosotight n murninnit to undertake u ihInhioii ot ¡nilling and bringing liotun tho romain« ol her child, mid nitor somo troubla tim task lins boon nwomplished Tho baily was found buriid willi sixly- flvo othor Anuirían», and tins loon ponveyeil to Vinniiii. A roi out olhctr ot lim Alabama states that sho lins tho voiy bust loIuHOopns, and thal n look-out nulli is always kopi nt the must henil, As soon as tho finn ti st Hymn, loin ni ii sail is described, Oiptiim Koimnos goon to tho must bund bim oil, mill it thorn is the slightest probabi- lity that tho stranger is ii niau of war, tlio Alabama is dilyan with full sleiim on out ot Night A lall niiiHoulino woman nnmod U'Nolll, han Leon non tonood loiloath at Mayo tor iiiiiriliring, with ii reaping hook, a crippled iliessmiikor, aguumt whom sho nppoars lo havo had u i,ruilgo A goiitleniau reoontly Mino upon ii cono or pyramid of vipsrs in ii wood near lliiclguliold, thoir hands doing all non tognthor at tho top Ha culled a Iriend to como und scet tlio strange sight, but tlio sound of his voloo broko up tho oontoronoo, so ho gave tlio moving: mass tho contents ot a burrel 'I ho result was eight doad vipers woio loft upon I ho ground, nil lull grown binni Goldmine, Ulli Itoginiont, wiih rooontly shot doail in Ondit by Ibu ncoidonlal disolmrgo ot a riflo in tho hiituls ot Major (lough A wealthy momberoi tho ICnglish i'losbytorinn Oliuroh who died rooontly, has lett n lognoy of A 10,001) to endow the Oollogo of tbo lingi ish Presbyterian Uiiiroh I nergutiu hIoiis am being taken towal tis tlio establish mont ol a fioo publia lilrnryiit 1 diniiurgh, on the model as its udviiualus Minto, ot that at Liverpool or at Man (¡hostel. It is piopoHod lo purchase tho old Qenoral l'ost-ollioo, in Wiitorloo-plaoe, for thin purpose)» . s, ßMiöBbhUllt OödttflseHöBe-Abötit atoe o'olook on Saturd»? night, as the gardener efflployad at BroWs holme Hall, Olitberoe, v/as proceeding to the green hones for the purpose of attending to his fires, ho was suddenly struck by something apparently falling from the sky, mid he fell Bennelong into a shallow pond. On reoovering ho scrambled out as bent be could, aud knocked at the lodgo door, hut before it could bo opened ho wan seized with shivering», und fell ob if dead. His eyebrows and hair were slightly singed, and he states that he experienced a sensation of burning on his face, and then heard the doors of the greenhouse shake. On the following morning lie was able to go again to the green house, and on his arrival thero he found that nearly all the plants were scorched and drooping ; that a quantity of glaBs had bein broken, and that a hole, about the size of a man's head had been made in the ground, as though a thunderbolt or an aerolite had fallen. A. flower pot waa broken, and some of the leaves of the vines were bnrnt to aBhes. The gardener is now recover- ing. _ During the launch of an iron-clad at St. Louis, (Ame- rica), on the 11th ult., the vessel on being started from the ways suddenly dashed into tho water witb fearful velocity, and the anchor being thrown overboard the huge cable began paying out so swiftly that several per- sons were caught and dragged overboard. Three ladies and two gentlemen were thus thrown into tho river, a Miss Stewart (who christened the vessol) being dragged from the rope junt in time to bhvo her, her chair being carried away. The snffererB were all saved but a Mrs. Bra Hey, who is supposed to have been struok by apiece of timber. A letter from Constantinople states that the Sultan, while on a hunting exonrsioa at Ksk-Medi, was placed in a very dangerous situation. When at some distance from his suite he suddenly found himself close to several wild boars. The Sultan fired at them, when the animals rushed furiously on him and threw him to the ground. .Fortunately tor the Sultan two sportsmen carne to his assistance and put the boars to flight. He received no wounds, but haB been indisposed for a few days. Tha wife of General Tom Thumb wbb delivered of a son and heir on the 22nd of last month. 