DISTRESS IN THE AGRICULTURAL DISTRICTS. MEETING IN SYDNEY, (From Hie S. AT. Herald, March 9.) A publio meeting was held yesterday evening, in St. Mary's Cathedral, "to devise and put in praotice the best means of raising subscriptions in aid of those who are suffering from diBtreBS from the failure of the harvest and from floods." Between two and three hundred per- sons wore prosent, amongBt whom were a large number of the clergy, and some of the leading lay members of the Roman Catholic Ohurch. Arohbishop Polding took the chair, and opened the prooeedings by remarking that though the meeting was not very numerous, he trusted that it would be zealous and earnest. People had talked a great deal about the distress that was being suffered by the farmers in the Hunter River and Camden distriots, but comparatively little had yet been done for their relief. He would with- out further preface proceed to reud what he had written with regard to this matter in a pastoral letter to those under his charge. And if they had done BO much when appeals were made to them on behalf of their suffering fellow oreatures in Donegal and in India, who were thousands of miles away, what must they not do now that the distress came near to their own homes ? The latter part of his pastoral letter was as follows : " Dearly Beloved-I have suggested so far the uses that may be made of our calamities, or of those of our friends and neighbonrB, as matter of examination and self-abaBement for Lent ; but I have now to ask, for the fruits of your faith, the alms that will give wings to your prayers. And I ask with Borne oonfidenoe that you will be generous in aiding those who are now sutl'ering BO heavily. 1 oannot here give you details of the loss and wretched- ness whioh BO many in the insorutable providence of God are enduring, but it is unnecessary, for the publio prints have informed you, and they aro matters of common sym- pathy and conversation. And what you have before done fills me with thankfulness and hope-you have given your money freoly to relieve distress throughout the world. England, Ireland, France, India, all have boen helped anil comforted by your Christian devotion, true devotion of St- John's kind, the love of God that is soon in the love of your brethren. Yon will not fail, nor shame me now; you will again honour your Catholio name and faith. The cry of distress comes not now from distant Donegal, or Lancashire, or HindoBtan, but from the near homes, the familiar names of Camdon and Maitland. When the armB of your charity have reached to the extremities of the world, they must not be para- lysed here, at what is to you a centre. There is an order in charity, and though it should never oease to glow wherever there are men to struggle and sufior, yet it should be more intense in proportion OB the all-wiso providence of God has placed its objects nearer to us in duty or place. They are the voices of friends and kins- folk that are calling upon us. As we are now crying to God for mercy upon ourselves, let UB give an attentive car to their miBery. It is very deep, very overwhelming in its nature. Here is no failure of a mercantile venture, no disappointment of »gambling speculation, butdestruo tion totuo righteous hope's of honest, hard, patient 1 abonr. The toils and anxieties of many homes, ol' parents and children together labouring, are utterly lost. God has withheld from them their harvest. What is it ? Is it that He is deaf to thoir prayers, unthoughtful of their labours ? No, but it is this. I am speaking to Christians, and you will understand me. He would have you supply to your brethren by your gifts the harvest that has failed in the order of nature, and He would gain for Himself a spiritual harvest in the workB of your Christian faith and lore. So will there have been this year two harvests instead of one, and that in an especial manner to the greater glory of God. You will do your port well, and the calamity of your friends and fellow countrymen will be transformed into a blessing. The labours of the husbandman requiring, na they do, patience, industry, foresight, and trust in the future, call more than other earthly employments upon our sympathy when they are disappointed of their results. It seeniB almost as if humble faith in the course of God's providence had reoeived a Bhook. The common lot of humanity, that man should earn his bread by the sweat ot fus brow, is at au times hard enough to bB borne, how much more this affliction that God has laid "upon our hi ethren ! Their toil, their patience, their early and late anxiety, all abor- tive. They have laboured, but so far in vain; the food and olothing for themselves and their ohildren all gone ; in nome places considerable debt haB been inourred for the fruitless seed, and the future ÍB darkened beyond the present distress. The elements themselves, the ordinary sources of benediction upon human toil, have been hostile to those who have deserved the ordinary reward of their obedient labour at leaBt as well as we. " It is a mystery, until we remember that God has not left us to the elements of material naturo alone. He has planted in us, in our hearts, other elements whioh, in His plan and intention, are to complete and correct the opeiation of those others. Compassion, kindliness, the instincts of brotherhood, are His gift BUB well as those higher gifts of Christian grace, and all these are intended to heal and remedy the hurts that our brethren have received from the viewless blight, and the resistless Hood. Do you then show that you interpret aright the designs of God, and accept the occasion he offers you. Dry up as you may the bitter tens, and give new hope and courage to failing beartB. Sanctify your fast of Lent by a work that God haB eminently chosen for such a purpose. It may be that your ready open-handed liberality in this emergency will give a spiritual faithfulness to your season of penitenoe, and an Easter joy such as yon have never gained before. And, if any of you should perchance yourselveB bo wearing your lives uuder the weight and gloom of some providential chastisement, come forward the more eagerly, und help the suffering, and so our God may look graciously and Bpeedily on you also in your time of need. These are words that He himself sayB to you, and suoh as yon, for all time : ' When thou shalt pour out thy soul'-it is, you see, noooldunsympathising gift, no stinted measure that He calls for-' when thou shalt pour out thy soul to the hungry, and shalt satisfy the afUioted soul, then shall thy light rise up in dark- ness, and thy darkness Bhall be as the noonday.' May He, the giver of every good gift, inspire and bloss your alma. " The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the oommunion of the Holy Ghost, be with you all. Amen." The Hon. J. H. PLUNKETT, M.L.O., moved the firBt resolution, whioh was as follows:-"That this meeting, | having learned, on undoubted authority, that great distress prevails in several distriots of the colony, bj reason of blight and flood, considers it a duty to devise means for alleviating the same." He had muoh pleasure | in moving this resolution, because, when he heard his ' Grace's pastoral letter read last Sunday, he rejoiced to hear that a movement of this kind was to be set on foot -a movement whioh ho was sure would be warmly taken up by the colonists generally. His own impression was, that wo ought to invite the co-operation of all olasses, and of all the different denominations throughout the oolony-(hear, hear,)-in order that one general move- ment be originated, and one general committee be appointed. He feared, from all he had heard, that owing to the recent visitations of Providence the distress amongst the agriculturists was very alarming and dread« ful, and required prompt relief. It was therefore desir- able that whatever was to be done should bodone quickly. (Cheers). The Rev. Mr. PHELAN said h,e felt highly honoured at being called on to second the resolution, and only re- gretted that the people of the Hunter River distriot had not some more able advocate. He regretted also that he bad not had a longer notice, so that he might have col- lected more statistics to enable the meeting to appre- ciate the extent of the calamity which the farmers in the Hunter River district had Buffered. But however short his statement might be, he hoped to be able to prove that a great oalamity had occurred, and ho trusted that the appeal to people who were proverbially generous would be answered by a liberal response. He would take the liberty of reading a few statistics relative to the Hunter River distriot. The polioe distriot of WeBt Maitland and Morpeth contains a population of 18,447 persons ; Raymond Terrace, which might be considered a continuation of that distriot, contained 3535 persons-' making altogether a population of 21,982.' Thenum-, ber of acres in cultivation in the county of Hunter was 2627; in the county of Northumberland 25,616 acres; and in the county of Gloucester 12,278 »tires making altogether 40,551 acres. He would also beg to read the iblluivinfr extinct fiom an address presented to his Excellency tho Goverimr, upon his last visit to Maitland :-" As a key to the vast interior, and the importance of your Kxcollenoy's visit, wo desire to bring under your Excellency's notice ft few briet statistics of this district, which forma a. raduiB of about thirty miles, of which this town is tho natural and com- mercial centre. It is the se.it of a Bishop, has twenty nine churches and chapels, two suporior schoolB, forty ordinary schools, besides many infan t nnd Sunday sohoojs ; throe schools of arts with young men's debating societies and leotures ; one theatre ; has an agricultural and hor- ticultural society combined, a vineyard association and cotton growing sooiety and sovorsl minor societ'ei; has six Barings* banks, one penny bank, three steam saw mills, nine steam flour mills, iottr stoam engines for other purposes, two foundries, throe tanneries, three fellmongery establishments, lour tobacco manufactures, and many other works of artend industry ; seventy-Beven publio hotels and inns, an hos- pital, employs six Bteamers with ita exports. Tho »aloa of oattlo within the last month have boon-of horned cattle, four thousand five hundred ; horsßs, five hundred and sixty, sheep, four thousand seven hundred and «My. » Now, nearly all tho inhabitants in that distriot had Buffered in consequonce of the late floods directly or in diriotly. He believed that one-third of the inhabitants of the town of Maitland were during the flood driven for a time from thoir homes, and were obliged to Book refuge from the hospitality of strangers. He hail been in Ireland during the faraino, yot ho muBt say that he had never witnessed so heartrending a sight, as when seeing the people moving out of thoir houses during the late flood. Statistics that he had himself collected showed that in the neighbourhood of the town of Maitland there bad been no less than 2158 acres bithmerged, of whioh there were 1309 acres of maize, 267 acres of luoerne, 114 aorea of potatoes, and 416 acres of undeftnod crops, ohiefly maize, lucerne, and potatoes. It should be borne in mind that the land which had suffered this visitation was probably some of the rioheBt in the world, and that the flood came when it was in the riohest cultivation. If that total of 2458 acreB be taken as an average, and the proportion spread over the Hunter River district, some idea would be given of the extent of the damage. The people who lad Buffered were not a oomplaining people; but they were industrious, or wished to ha so ; and thoy were, moreover, a generous people, and when oalled upon on any publio oooasiou to contribute were foremoBt nmongst the subscribers. He would appeal on thoir behalf to the meeting on the broad grounds of that Eternal Charity which obliged every man to help his fellow man when he found him in difficulties. He op poared bofore them to enlist their political sympathy on behalf of the Hunter River sottlers in tbiB oriBis. Ho had como from among them, and he could say that they were quite willing to bear their present distress ; it was only ttio prospect of tho future that frightened them ; and they felt that unless some provision wore made for the future they might have to keep up ft perpetual struggle. Now, the peoplo of that distriot thought that if ever the Government interfered for the pro. teotion of property it was in suoh a oase as this. There was a community having ohnrches and Bohoolsand markets and roads ; and if the Government might ever be called upon to asshit any community, it was one of that kind. They thought it would be far Aviser if the Government were to give thom protection, than to compel them to go into the far interior where the influences of re. ligion and education would not roach them. It had boen suggested that a canal might bo cut betweon Maitland and Newcastle, for the purpose of carrying off tho floods, The City of New Orleana was Baid to be lower than the level of the river, and embankments a hundred miles in length had been built to protect tho land from the river. He throw out thin suggestion because he hoped that the Press and the Oovernmont would take tho matter into consideration. If it Bhould ho practicable, he expeoted that the Government would take the proper steps topre vent the destruction of that magnificent district, (Cheers.) The resolution was then put to the meeting and was unanimously agreed to. Mr. J. V. Gorman proposed the Bocond resolution, whioh was as follows ;-" That seeing how widely Bpread and how deep the distress is, this meeting feels it most desirable to secure a general co-operation of all through- out the oolony who may be willing to assist in this meri- torious work of charity." In support of the statements that had been made OB to the agricultural distress, ho could say that bia own avocations had given him the opportunity of knowing that a series of disasters spreading over the last three or four years-arising from drought, from rust, and from blight-had sunk many of the industrious farmers into a very miserable and help lesB position. The cause for which we were now met was one that concerned not merely the Roman Catholic body, but our fellow colonists generally, and we might therefore appeal to all denominations for their co-opera- tion in the work (hear, hear). The Rev. Dean Rigney, of Camden, seconded the re- solution. After briefly referring to some of tho state- ments and arguments of some of the previous speakers, he said that, from his heart and soul, he sympathised with the afflicted people of Maitland. It was now his duty to lay before this groat meeting all that he knew, from personal observation, of the and condition of the agricultural population of Camden, their present actual distress-their continuous sufloringB during the last three years, and, above all, the nppalling coming desti- tution that stares them in the i'aoe, like a spectre, haunting their disturbed imagination by day and by night. He would next advert to the character of the Camden farmers under their aooiimulated afflictions their patience, their manliness, their proved integrity. Finally, he would explain nil that had boen done in the district itself to relieve the present pressing want, and to disarm the coming winter of its most dreadful terrors. Ho would then oonfidently throw himself and his suffering clients on the humane consideration of the meeting, and look to their earnest and unanimous co- operation for large and speedy relief-relief commen- surate with the emergenoy. Yes, it was, alas! too true that great destitution prevailed at that moment in the Camden district. The population was 8000, and they cultivated 16,000 acreB of the finest land in the colony, and during the last two years they had not reaped alto- gether three months' consumption. Was it any wonder they should feel want? There was great want, great destitution, should he say it, thore was hunger in the distriot. He would remind the meeting that it was not for the widows and the orphaiiB at Camden he spoke, although thore were widows and orphans in the distriot. It was not for the helpless aged and infirm that he pleaded, although there wore many helpless and infirm thore; but his present appeal was in behalf of the Btal wart, vigorous man of toil-the peasant mother in the prime of life-the farmer's rustic ohildren, with sturdy health and corresponding appBtito ; and be aakod the common sense of this intelligent meeting whether it was possible to conceive any aoene on earth more heartrending than suoh a farming family as that gnawed by the pangs of hnnger. It was not exaotly in the oapaoity of a Catholio clergyman he spoko- the destitution was not confined to Catholics-it reached to all denominations indiscriminately, and during these days of Bore distress be never asked the man who wanted relief what was his religion (cheers!. The Catholio and the Protestant were aided by him alike on the broad prinoiple of universal oharity. It was only justice also to tho noble-minded men who acted with him, on the Camden committee, to state that the sublime principleof universal oharity had choraoterised their decisions. (Cheers.) The suffering poor were never usked, Are you a Catholic't or, AreyouaProteitant? and the members of committee were neither Priests nor Lévites, but all Samaritans in their care of the poor. (Oheors.) As a priest, many cases of grievous destitution came to his knowledge, and wrung his heart, in the course of his professional visits to the houses of the farming population, but suoh na these ho must draw a veil over. It would not be proper to display bal'ore_ the world thoBe Belf-respeoting and reserved families in their actual privations ; but enough had come to light, inoidentally and through the com- mittee, to prove, without wounding any one's feelings, that great distress, and oven destitution, obtained in the Camden distriot to an alarming oxtent. Surely there was destitution if tho people wanted the neoesBaries of life- where large families had not had butcher's meat for a whole week in their heuaes, there was destitution ; he knew several such families, and some for even three weeks and a month. Surely there was destitution where the olothes of both parents and ohildren ware totally unfit to be Been on the Sunday at the publio worship of their oburob, and where they, consequently, could not appear once in three months. Ho had known several such oases. Thore was destitution in any family were the domestic and sleeping arrangements were so soant that the miserable shreds of clothing worn during the day were the only coverlets of the ohildren by night. He waB aware of such inBtanoes. Meat, raiment, and sleeping accommodation bud boen blighted in the wheat for the farming population of Caradon during the last three yoarp ; and, oh ! was it not more than abundantly proved that there was destitution in Camden ? In the summer of 1861 a devastating flood visited the people; their standing orops, their yarded Btncks, their vineyards and gardens were swamped in a Bingle night-they were thankful that their houses and families escaped. In 1862, nothing daunted, they ploughed and cropped the land again with a skill and a will mioh us only a Camdon farmer could; but, alas ! all ¡n vain ; the long drou"ht set in, and nothing could ooma up from the brazen earth. In 1863, theyonoe again essayed to subdue the glebe, and make it onoe more subservient to the uaeB of mun. Atlast the earth teemed with luxuriant crops. Like magic the face of nature was changed, and up to Novem- ber all was promising, when, lo, the fatal rust seized on the harvest, and the huBbandman and his family had tho cup suddenly dashed from their lips now the third time. Now rum WOB realised to thoir despairing heorts and fortunes. This waa a simple statement of the distress with which the Camdon committee had had the boldness to grapple. The following gentlemen appointed ata general meeting had set about raising subscriptions, and poor as were the distrioti, and depressed as were the times ¡ between £500and £600 had already rosultedd'rout their canvass. They intended the funds chiefly for Beod to be given gratuitously to the farmer that spring, and also to reliare immediately any case of urgent distress that they knew of. Committee-Kov. II. Tingaonihe, Very Rov. Dean Kignoy, Rev. S. Wilkinson, Rev. T. Has- sall, Rev. C. Wators, and Messrs. J K. Chisholm, J P. ; J. K. üownos, J.P. ; J. N. Oxley, J.P. ; J. Bleeck, J.P. ; H. Thompson, K. Simpson. W. Burrett, K Lusted, W. C. Hind, J. Lakeman, 1?. Ferguson, 0. T Cross, B. Her- zog, S. Croft, S. Ward, G.Cornwell, J.Hills, J.M'Mahon, E. Mooro, son. ; J. Fielding, T. Burrett, treasurer. J. P. Ollis and M. Kennett, honorary secretaries. Ho attonded a meeting ofcommittco yesterday at Camden. A case was brought forward of an able-bodied man looking for work on the roads ; the man was palo and trembling from hunger, and the committee supplied him with bread and meat, tea and sugar for a week, and also the loan of a piok and shovel. The committeo wero sincerely thankful for the measure of success that had attended their eflorts so far, and they took it as auspicious of still greater results, from tho benevolenco and sympathy of the com- munity, whon tho past suffering,present destitution, and impending ruin of the farming population of Camden came to be more gonorally understood. He cordially and hopefully seoonded the resolution (ohoerB). Tho resolution was then put and earned. Mr. It. FOKSTER, M.L.A., moved tho following resolu- tion :-" That the following gentlemen, with power to add to their number, be requested to act as a central committee to seoure general co-operation in devising and administering relief ¡-The Hon. J. H. Plunkett, D. Egan, Esq., John Dalley, Esq., W. B. Dalley, Esq., H. Austen, Esq., R. Coveny, Esq., F. M'Nab, Esq., J. V. Gorman, Esq., James Hart, Esq., J. Millions, Esq.', R. O'Connor, Esq., Alderman Oaraher, Robert, Forstor, Esq., Jeremiah Mooro, Esq., W. Hanson, Esq., J. G. Raphael, Esq., William Cummings, Esq., and all olergymen." The resolution wa« seconded by Mr. LOUGHNAN, sup- ported by Mr. EOAN, M.L.A., and, on being put from the chair, was unanimously adopted. The Rev. Archdeacon M'ENCROE moved the next reso- lution, whioh was as follows:-"That inasmuoh UB the ^members of all religious denominations aro involved in this distresB, the committee be respectfully requested to invito the oonourronoo of olergymen and members of the different denominations." He hod no doubt that all classes and denominations throughout the colony would join heart and hand in devising meaus for relieving the urgent wants of tho sufferers. Mr. HART, M.L.A., seconded the resolution ; and, after expressing his regret at the comparative smallnesB of the attendance, remarked that the Hunter River dis- trict would always be liable to the devastation of flood» until some system of drainage was carried out. With regard to the failure of the crops in Camden, although on a former occasion seed wheat had been obtained from the Gorernmont, he was afiaid that the stern rules of political economy would prevent the Government from again rendering that assistance. He trusted that the movement commenced to-night would end in a handsome i subscription, to show what the people could do when they were in oarnest. The resolution was then put and carriod. Mr. DALLEY, M.L.A., proposed the last resolution, whioh waB as follows :-'. That a BubBoription bo forth- with entered into, and that tho Von.ern.blo Archdeacon M'Encroe and the Hon. John Hubert Plunkett bo re- quested to act aB treasurers." Mr. H. AUSTEN seconded the motion, whioh was there- upon put and carried. A subscription was then opened, at the close of whioh the Archbishop announced that the sum of £130 had been collected, but he hoped that before very long it would bo increased to £1300; it would be well to make it up to £13,000. Upon the motion of the Rev. Dean RIGNEY, seconded by the Rov. Mr. PHELAN, a vote of thanks was given to the Archbishop for tile dignified and effeotivo manner in whioh be had filled the chair. The voto was acknow- ledged, and the proceedings thereupon terminated. 