THE MINISTER OF MINES AT ? ' MANDURANG. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) ' The hon. J. P. Sullivan, Minister of Mites, addressed a large meeting of the electors of Man durangj at the Sir Heary Barkly Hotel, Huntly, on Thursday evening, for the purpose of explaining his political acts during the last three years, and giving an exposition of the policy of the Govern ment, more particularly with . reference to the pro posed mining measure. '??.','?... Mr John Slade, who was voted to the chair, in-. troaucea mr suiiivan to tne meeting, and requested for' him a fair and attentive hearing. Mr Stflijv.£n, who was warmly cheered on risingj Baid : Mr Chairman and Gentlemen,— I come before the people of Huntly with a good deal of satisfac tion. It is the part of Mandurang in which I first appeared when I became a candidate for the suffrages of the people of this district, and on every occasion that I appeared before you I have always met with a kind and friendly reception. I am satisfied that since the first day you elected me, and I think it is some three and a half years ago since. I last saw you, there has been no action of mine that has not been for the welfare of the district. (A voice : 'You did not trouble us much since.') The gentleman says I did not trouble you much. I had no need to trouble you. I always enjoyed the confidence of the people of .thisv. district, and I therefore did not require, to trouble them. (Cheers.). But I think I may safely say that, whenever, occasion demanded it, I always came before you. ? I did not fight shy of the people, and both as your representative and as a Minister' of the Crown, I am satisfied that I have done nothing to weaken the confidence reposed in me. As a Minister of ,th,e Crown, it is my duty now to come here and inform you, and, through you, the people of this colony, the course that' the Ministry proposes to pursue in regard ' to many leading topics . of great pnblic interest.. In other portions, of the colony, , two of my colleagues, namely, Mr Grant and. the . Chief Secretary, have spoken on the land question, and I think Mr Grant has given a very good and lucid explanation of what must be generally considered to be the most interesting topic of the day. But,' although the land question must principally . interest the. public, I think that the mining , question is of equal impor tance ; and when we remember . that this is an inte rest which gives employment, to more men than any other in the colony, I think I am justified in giving it a prominent position ; and. as that branch of our national resources has been confided to me, and will be again under my management, if re-elected, I in tended to give it precedence this evening. But I may be allowed first to indulge in something like a retrospective review of my proceedings in connection with mining, and my attempt to legislate on that question. I have no doubt, it will be familiar to every one in the room that, some months ago, I- introduced into the Legislative . As sembly a measure embodying mining legislation. I started out with the desire and belief that if we- could have, .a . .uniform mode of governing mining as. . well as of other matters, it would, be a very desirable thing to accomplish. But, in order, to have this uniform system,- the bye-laws . must emanate from one source, and what could not be expressed in the Act of Parliament must, be .expressed by the Governor in Council ; but, ongcomparing the bye'-ltiws of the different mining boards and local courts, I came to the conclusion that, desirable. as it was to assimilate the laws to one uniform statute to govern the colony, the character of the mining was so diversified, and theicircumstanoes of each gold-field were so different, that it would be impossible to have one statute of laws for the whole colony. This is the conclusion I have arrived at, and upon it I intended to act ; aud, as the measure which , I introduced proposed to take away the powers from the mining boards and give them to the Governor in Council, I have come to the conclusion that it would be better to allow the mining boards to exercise the powers they possess for the present. (Ap plause.) I. believe the mining boards have been un justly dealt with, and I admit that I at one time shared in the prejudice.. The mining. laws, as passed by these bodies were considered to be ambiguous, contradictory, and having a tendency to check the legislation of the colony. Upon reflection, how« ever, I have come to the conclusion that it is not so. If anyone' will look' at Ballaarat, Daylesford, and iriany other parts , of the coldny, and consider the universal progress which has been made under this system, he will acknowledge that the mining boards have been unjustly assailed. It is literally astound inn- tn Innlr (if. tli a rvmtrrnss wliifVh nnmti of thesa places have made. I notice that one claim, the other day, at Ballaarat was valued at the enormous sum' of £220,000 j and there are many other claims in1 the same district almost ? equally valuable. When these stupendous facts stare us in the face we must not be led away by mere reports, but carefully in vestigate tho working and philosophy of the system. I say that under this system mining has developed to. a wonderful, degree, and, instead of beiug checked by the system- now in force, . has. received a wonder ful impetus; ? and, when I- find how difficult it- is to reduce mining legislation to one system, I consider it just as well to let well alone, and not repeal the existing law or in troduce novol ideas ; and I therefore am of opinion that, with some alteration of the Gold-fields Act carefully defining the ;law, the present system will be found to work very well. The prinoipal ooin plaint against tho mining laws has been their am biguity, and many of the laws,' though intrinsically excollont, have, been denounced as illegal by the judges —ultra . vires, that , is going outside their .powers. Several of these judges, however, oarne down to me a short time ago and stated that, if in any new measuro,|the powers of tho mining boards were as clearly 'defined as tho powers which it was pro posed to give to the Government wero aot forth in tho bill, everything in the way of legislation would be met. ' ' To this extent, then, I proposed to remodel the law. (Chbers.) Tho portion of tho measuro that I succeeded in' passing through the Legislative Assembly — that relating to tho adminis trationof justice on the gold-fields — I am confident will prove satisfactory, not only, iu my estimation, but in the opinion of several men of standing in mining matters and of great parliamentary experi ence. And I may mention that I carried this por tion of the measure through its three stages without j a division ; and that, whenever an amendment was I proposed which I could adopt, I accepted it ; and, if I carried any point to a division, I was invariably successful. I do not mention this in any spirit of ?'brag,' but, 'simply to show that the measure received proper attention.; But, although this part of the measure passed through the Assembly, |the members of the Upper House declined' to proceed with it, and this bill, with a few slight modifica tions, ,1 intend again to. submit on the open ing, of Parliament. The other portions of the mea sure, with the modifications I have indicated, I also intend to go on , with, Amongst other things, I pro posed in the measure a reduction of the cost of the miner's right, and on ,this point I received a good deal of support. - I proposed to reduce the miner's right from £1 to 10s, and I was successful in carrying this reduction. I endeavored at the time to induce the Government to reduce the price to a merely nominal sum, but this proposition was not approved of. Since then I have been enabled to obtain a concession ; and, in the measure which will be introduced, the, miner's right will be re duced to 5s per annum. (I think we ought to have some sort of a right, in order to protect the miner, but nothing more ; and, by the consent of my col leagues, I have been able to get this concession. I also wish to call your attention to the! fact that, when persons undertake to form a Government containing eight or nine members, it must be ex pected that there will be differences of opinion amongst them. It would be impossible to find eight or nine men of precisely the same opinion ; and, although no one would be justified in giving up any fundamental principle, all must make some concessions in order that they may work harmo .niously together. If we look back upon the English Government even, we .find that, since the i old party lines have been extinguished, and the good old distinction of Tory and Whig done away withi from the time of the last Melbourne Govern ment to the present day; the English Governments have. been composed of men of different opinions ; and if in England, where the party lines are so weli marked, and so many opposite interests exist, con cessions of this nature have to be made, how much more difficult must it be here to form a Government in which all the members hold the same views, where we have none of those great party distinctions. Not being able to get exactly what I wanted, I: yet managed to get a good deal, and I may say that, as far as my influence could go, and as far as I; was capable of getting anything to lessen the burden which pressed upon the miners, to that extent has my influence been used. What reason could I have had to do otherwise? Here I have been treated with the utmost generosity and liberality by the miners. Three times have I been elected without opposition, and, on every occasion on which the elec tion was contested, you returned me at the head of the poll ;Jand, if I have notbepn able to go so far as I could wish, I mustimpute itto wantof capacity, for no one in his senses would accuse me of want of will. These are the outlines of the mining matters. \ All legislation must be made up of details ; and I can assure you that it is necessary, in mining, to have a thoroughly judicious representation of the de partment, which is more important than legislation itself. The public do not see it, and, because the bilk have not passed, think nothing has been done ; but they forget the value of saving time, and how many important objects can be furthered by ad ministration. There are various other portions of the bill which I have withdrawn which excited a good deal of interest ; such, for instance, as the provision for mining on private property. That did not satisfy the miners ; and it did not satisfy the pro perty holders either. And whoever legislates on mining will find that, if he encroaches in the slightest degree on the property holders, they won't like it; and, if he hedges in the property holder with restrictions, the miner won't like it. In fact, although I opine and maintain that I introduced a national measure that would have met the views of both classes, the property holders raised the cry that their property was going to be rushed and vested rights destroyed, although I proved that what I proposed was nothing more than had been the system from time immemorial in England in — Derby, Cornwall and Devon, for instance, where every man had a right to mine upon the land upon appealing to a certain tribunal, which fixed the amount to be paid. I proved this, and I also showed that this system had been in operation for a number of years, and had been pronounced by so high an authority as Lord Denman to be tho most fair and equitable one that could be adopted, showing that in these matters private feeling must give way, in order that important improvements might be effected. I was not able to ' carry the measure for ward,, because the House seemed to be tired of the subject, and weary of all legislation. That Dill, WltU Some aueruuoiia uuu uweuuiutmuj, ±ii wm. be my duty to submit again to ^Parliament. I think, gentlemen, as there are a variety of subjects to be treated, and as I have to address tho electors in other portions of the district, I have said enough on this subject for the present, and we will there fore leave it. I come now to the most important question of the preseut time. I allude to the reform of tha Legislative Council — (applause) — and while I give the pas of precedence to the land question, I am strongly of opinion that, before we can have a fair and satisfactory legislation upon that question, we must have a reform of the Upper House. (Re newed applause.) I think, therefore, it is a ques tion that the people of the colony must look to, and I am glad to see that ^they1 are looking to it, and that the persons holding the suffrages for the Upper House are beginning to see that something must be done. This is just what a Government, acquainted ' with the condition of the colony at the time the Constitution Act was framed might have expected. I was satisfied myself at that time, and I can say so without making any boast— I was satis fied, and expressed myself so; — that it was impos sible that the Constitution could work. I confess it has surprised mo that it has worked so well, con sidering tho altered circumstances of the colony. Bad as it is, we have managed to rub along with it without having what is politically called a dead ; lock, which might have been expected, and was expeoted, in consequence of the difference of opinion between the two Housos. They have rejected one or two useful bills, but, owing to the difference of opinion which existed on these ques tions out of doors, tho Assembly did not persist in them. But, although no actual dead lock has taken place, we are in a very anomalous position. Our , Constitution is 'based upon tho principles of tho ! English Constitution, which seems to have been | applied to the government of all new colonies for a great number of years. . From the year 1770, when the colonies of America separated themselves from the British Crown, the Constitution of Great Britain has been taken as a model for her colonies. With a Governor, King, or President, for the head of every new Constitution framed in the world, wherever anything like constitutional Government has been known, that has been the model. But the advocates of the system committed a mistake in applying it to this country. They forgot one thing. They forgot that, although this form of Constitution has been lauded by several French con stitutional writers, including M. Montesquieu and M. De Lolme, the question was regarded by them from a very different point of view to that assumed by an Englishman. It appeared to them to be very simple in comparison with other systems of govern ment, but there was a certain amount of freedom and liberty enjoyed by the people of England that was unknown on the Continent, and it therefore appeared something exceedly good to the writera in question. But, when we come to apply it to this ' colony, we find we are defi cient in one material [point— we have no landed aristocracy. Tou cannot make an aristocracy;- it must be the work of time. In England it grew gradually, and is composed of nobility and landed gentry — men who had made themselves famous in the Senate or on the battlefield ; and it is recruited from the best men in the Lower House. This is really a House of Peers, possessing an influence that no men in a new colony, who have raised themselves by wealth, could have. (Cheers.) Some people have an idea that the aristocracy are to be manu factured — (laughter) — and, that because a man has ? money he i3 a scholar and a gentleman born, and entitled to veto the opinions and wishes of the people. I do not speak to gain the favor of any particular class, but I maintain that the system of manhood suffrage has displayed a class of men, which, for intelligence and independence, is not to be found in any other part of the world. I have been mother parts of the world, and observed other systems of government, and I do think it is an extraordinary thing that a few legislators, elected by some 6000 or 7000 voters, should set their ? opinion against the wishes cf the entire population of the colony. The thing is an enormous wrong, and an anomaly, and I sometimes feel humiliated that such a state of things still exist. But, more extraordinary still, powers are given to the Legislative Counoil which are not given to the '?' Peers of England, because, although the House of ' Peers can set itself against the will of the nation (and it has done so on one or two occasions), yet there ia a coercive power existing in the Constitu tion to compel the Peers to listen to reason, and on more than one occasion this power has been suc cessfully applied. I need only mention the: Reform Bill. The' peers said they would not have it, but when the interest of the people was enlisted, and the House was threatened with the creation of fresh Peers, they gave way. But in this colony, whore the acquisition of wealth is generally the result of adventitious circumstances; no great amount of respect can be shown to the possessors ; and, much as we admire the industry and thrift that has enabled men to enjoy the luxuries of life, it must be admitted that it is often obtained merely through advan tageous circumstances. It is therefore proposed to reform the Upper House, and I may say it will be reformed. (Cheers.) When the opinion of the ( entire -nation is expressed, and I hope it will be on this question, I believe that, stolid as they have been at times, this inertia of .the Upper House will cease, and they will have to' move on at the- bid of the people. This proposition^ reduce the qualifi cation of members one-half and of voters one- half is not exactly the thing I should like, but I am willing to accept this moderate measure of reform, which, iu consequence of the wonderful unanimity oi opinion upon it, I am sure of getting; while, if I tried for more, I might not get any at all. I accept it because I hope to see it carried into law, and I hope that on all these occasions there will be such an expression of opinion as. to satisfy those grave and reverend seignors of the Upper House that the country means it. (Cheers.) I now come to what would follow from reform of the Upper House, and tho first thing is a Land Bill that will approach the requirements of the country. You are all aware that, on two occasions, the Legislative , Council threw out two Land Bills. When the last Ministry went outofoffi.ee, and the present Adminis tration was formed, the Land Act of 1862 was found to be defective and unworkable. Two attempts were made to correct these defects, but both were frustrated by the Legislative Council. , Certainly, these two bills did not obtain a very, consider able majority in the Legislative Assembly, but this can be accounted for by the faot that there was a party in that House who professed to consi der the measures, to be not liberal°enough, and who joined with those who supported the views of the Legislative Council. They were not strong enough to snrow ous me iuousiuea, out mey managed on ail divisions to make a very respectable minority, and, when the bills were submitted to the Upper House, they were rejectod. The whole substance of the affair was that those who voted against the bill iu the Legislative Assembly did not want a r.ew Land Bill — they wanted a new Government, (cheers and laughter) — and those who voted against it in the Upper House did not want a new Land Bill, be cause they had already got what they wanted. And thus it comes that we want a new measure. I will not detain you, as some speakers have done, by ex plaining all the acts that have been passed on tho question, but I will say that, if the act of 1862 had been worked properly, it would have proved satis factory, and I should have been contented with it. Had it not beon for the evasions that were accom plished under it by the (I don't wish to use a harsher word than is necessary) rascality of some individuals, I believe the act would have worked very well. It seem?, however, as if we are never to see tfae last of Lund Bills, which are constantly coming up like Banquo's ghost. (Laughter.) Well, it became necessary to have a new Land Bill, and the Government have propounded a measure which, I think, will work well, and conduce to the prosperity of the country. Tho object of any Government, in dealing with tho land question, is, of course, to induce settlement. Thedesiroof the peoplo to settle on the laud will not, I think, bo so great as is ex pected by some persons, but I consider that, if there is any desire on the part of the people to settlo on the lands, that desire should bo gratified by tho Go vernment to the greatest possible extent. (Ap plause.) And my own opinion has long boen that what the people want, is not so much to get land at as cheap a rate as possible, but in the apot where hey want it. By auction, one of two thiugs always esultod : the settler either did not get the land at all, or he had to pay a price that hampered his operations very iauou, I think the measure sub* 1 mitted by tlie Government, for throwing open large quantities of land in all parts of the colony, will bo satisfactory; and there is one portion of this bill which provides that the distinction between the white and the blue shall be removed. It was a ... mistake to set the land apart in two classes, and in many instances it has been discovered that some of the land in the worst class is of *? excellent quality. In the Gipps Land dis \- trict large tracts of country, described as arid and . i--- ? barren land, have, by later observation and; investi- gation, been proved to be some of the best in the colony; and I am gratified to be able to state that . ;?.???? there is more good land in this colony than many people think. There has been a good deal said about tho^principles of the bill ; but, as Mr Grant has made' a very lucid explanation of them at In glewood, I do not consider it necessary to enter upon the details of the measure. I should like, However, to make a few observations as te some of . the objections which have been raised against the bill, and these are of such a trifling nature that I should not deem them of sufficient importance to , - be worth mentioning, were it not for the source from ? which they come. In an influential journal, and one which professes to guide the opinions of a con .: siderable portion of the community, the measure is criticised in this manner. The objection taken to the bill is that, if a man went on the land to occupy it for five years, at the end of that time he would abandon it instead of taking it. up at the upset price. This is an absurd argument, and one wonders that a full grown man with a head on his shoulders could entertain such a ridiculous idea. (Laughter.) Let us consider men's motives, and then say whether this will-be likely to happen or not. If a man has been on the land for a number of years, he becomes wedded to it, looks upon it as his home, and has almost an affection for every piece of bush upon it. What does Sterne say? 'We plant a withered twig, and cherish it because we ? planted it.' . Therefore, the objection that persons ' .would go on the land and then abandon it is, I con \- sider, fully answered. But let us reduce the thing to facts. Under thia bill, a person may take up .640 acres in one year. At the end of a certain time, if he make improvements, he may take up a portion of it, at public auction ; and, on the expira ' tion of a portion of the term, he can take up 320 acres without going to auction. Take the careful poor man, and see what his position would be at the end of the five years. They talk about his leaving iti Why, he will just be in the position to turn it to account. Then they say that the settler will ' suck the juice out of the land,' as one candidate gracefully put it. (Laughter.) They adduce ? facts in support of this, and instance America, ! where land has always been free as air to all who chose to take it. I deny the fact in toto. I utterly deny it. I dwellupon this because it has been stated by many journals, and put forth by several candidates. I utterly deny , the fact. Men, they say,, live on the land for a number of years, and then leave it ; but it is not so. The men who have been on the land can hardly be said to have settled upon it. They are men who prefer a hunt ing life to any regular work. They will take up a quarter of a section, put up a hut, and perhaps grow two or three acres of corn, but, as civilisation ? advances upon them, they retire and abandon their land, but do not exhaust it. This has been the small foundation npon which they have raised this gigantic fallacy. Then, again, they sajjjwhy go to auction; and one journal was so inconsistent as to talk about the settler abandoning his land, and in another portion of the same article complains that the poor man was obliged to go to auction. So, gentlemen, if this bill passes into law, I think it will be sufficient to encourage settlement, which i is the principal object of the Land Bill. It is not true that merely selling the land is equal tp get ting persons to go upon it, to render it productive-; and I believe that, if we only inducejpersons to go on \ - it, the price is of very little consequence. I have had personal interviews with a good many v persons acquainted with the subject, and I have ascertained the opinions of many others, and I i have arrived at the conclusion that the desire with most persons is to get the land in the place where they want it, more than to obtain it at a low price. I think I shall now allow the land question to re main with you. As the elections have gone, I 1 think public opinion is in favor of the Govern ment, and that they will be supported in the House. We must not, of course, strain after the unattain able, but must obtain as liberal a measure as we can. And now, gentlemen, I have to touch upon a subject that is exciting a great deal of attention at the present time, namely, the question of free trade versus protection. As regards myself, lam perfectly easy on this question, as I entertain the same views that I entertained some eight years ago, when I addressed a political meeting at Bendigo. ' . The view I entertained . then, and which I hold now, is that, as long as we derive a certain amount of money from the Custom House, we should so arrange the tariff as to give ' encouragement to some of our homo industries, without press ing too heavily upon any portion of them. As to those abstractions 'free trade' and 'protection' (for they are abstractions), there is a great deal of fallacy about them, for we must remember that the position of the colony is very exceptional, and not to be compared with that of any other country. This is a gold producing country, and our largest producing industry cannot be benefitted by any thing in the shape of protection. We are in a very dif ferent position to other lands, and reasons that could be used elsewhere would not apply here. I repeat that.gas long as wo have to get a certain amount of money from the Cuatom House, we should ar range the taxes so as to encourage native indus tries without increasing the burden of taxation. But there is another thing to be considered. We have not to think of Adam Smith, or any other ,.;??? writers, we have only to look to the circumstances . of the colony, and its peculiar geographi cal position. It would bo unwise to isolate this colony from tho others; and, while on ;; thiB subject, I cannot but express my mostpro found regret that the action taken by the other colonies should tend to weaken the bond of unity that shonld subsist between them. (Cheers.) I .. speak for my own part, and I think I state the views of my colleagues, when I say that I would rather lose by the duties than encourage a feeling that would embitter our relations with tho other colonies. I say, considering our geographical posi tion, with our immense boundary line to New South Wales and South Australia, that, if we were to at tempt to levy heavy protective duties, wo should \- -?? loso the trade, and not get protection — for it would pay persons to smuggle goodo into Victoria from tho other colonies ; and all who shut their eyes to our peculiar geographical position will be acting a very unwise part. What has been forced upon us by the conduct of New South Wales and South Australia we must regret ; but I say again, it will be our duty to draw together the bonds of good feeling as much as possible, and.it will be impossi ble to these Bmall colonies to progress without some thing of the kind. Federation is a question for the future ; but in all these small questions it cannot be lost to view. Free traders point to England as/ an illustration of the principles of free trade ; but, the most unfortunate circumstance for them is that England is not a free trade country at all. From the time that Huskisson introduced his free trade principles, the tendency of England had no dqubt been in the free trade direction, but it is singular enough that there is not a single thing in the shape of breadstuffs or anything in the shape of food but is taxed heavily on entering England, and yet free traders speak of it 'as a' free trade country. There are upwards of seventy articles of produce taxed ; and, when they speak of England as a great free trade country, the expression must be qualified. On the other side, what do the protec tionists say? They point to California ^ as a country benefitted by .protection, and point to her prosperity, ao . contradistinguished from Victoria, as being due to protection!' I deny both' propositions. I deny that California is protected, and I deny that she is not more prosperous than Victoria./ They talk about California being able to export grain as the result of protection, but this is merely due to the excess of supply over demand. This is what we shall do when we have a surplus, and this will happen whatever the fiscal system of the colonies may be. While on the question of protection and the land question, I cannot lose sight of another question indireotly connected with it, namely, the question of immigration, which is greatly misunderstood, -and its beneficial effects, in my opinion, overrated. I have not ohanged the views I always held on this subject. I may state, at once, that I am opposed to this indiscriminate immigration. I confess that there are' many per sons in the colony, whose opinions I have a great respect for, who entertain different views.; but I maintain that any large system of immigration is not adapted to the position of the colony. So far as assisting persons to bring out their fathers, mothers, brothers and sisters, I have no objection, and I believe it to be a good thing, which ought to be encouraged. But to send home money to bring out a lot of helpless people from the shores of England, without being able to give them employment, I look upon as being oue of the most insane things that the nation could attempt and as far as I can; I will oppose it. Then people say wealth makes prospe rity. Well, we have double the wealth we had in 1855, but are we doubly prosperous ? I have no objection to people coming out provided I see the means of their being employed', but legis lators may make up their minds for one thing, that, whether we get a good Land Bill or an indifferent one — whether we have free trade or protection — we shall never have a large stream of immi gration. There are only one or two things that cause a stream of immigration to flow to a country, and it happens only once or twice in the history of a nation. The gold dis covery caused the first tide of immigration. There was the same thing in California ; and, singular enough, there was a similar influx 300 y'eara before, when Cortes entered Mexico and Pizarro invaded Peru. The same thing happened with Victoria. People were attracted by the gold and preferred leaving their homes and rushing to the colony ; but I say it won't happen again, and no legislation can possibly produce the same state of things which happens once and no oftener. There is another thing. Persons rush to new countries where land is easily available, and it is from this cause that they rushed to America in large numbers. I may be met with the argument that large numbers of persons are even now rushing from Ireland to America and Germany. But do they go for gold or land ? No, they go for bread. (Hear, hear.) They knew there were large . works going on in America which would give them em ployment, and besides they were assisted by the good and generous feeling of those who went before, many of whom are constantly sending home for their relations. ' To show the extent to which this system is going on, I may state that in one year, in round numbers, £3,000,000 of money was sent home for this purpose by the laboring classes of America. (Cheers.) The same thing could not take place here. Proximity, easy transit, and the shortness of the passage making it as easy to get from Great Britain to America as from London to Liverpool, combine to render America an attractive place ; and, as long as these things continue, immigra tion will go on. But, although this immigra tion does not depend upon the land, wo must not forget the land Bystem. Small farmers are constantly taking up land, and going farther westward, and their places are filled up by persons coming to the country, and this it is that has drawn, and will draw, a tidejjof immigration , to that country. Instead, therefore, of sending £200,000 or £300,000 every year for fresh people, I would rather spend it in making those who are here com fortable. (Applause.) These are the principal topics upon which I wished to address you. Prac tical legislation is what we now require to develop the country. We are now about half a million in number — not bad, I think, for a young country. There is no country which existed since the world began — and that is going a pretty good way back — that has obtained the same population in the same short period, or that has made the same . dtap in material advancement in all the necessaries and a good many of the luxuries of life ; and I think we may start pretty fair, and build up our nation on that prosperity, and bid those that do come welcome. There are one or two other topics which I should like to touch, upon. One of these is a scheme which I have had at heart for a long time, namely, getting a good supply of water for the gold-fields — (cheers) — which I am glad to say is likely to be soon accomplished. The Government is willing to divert tho waters of the Coliban for the purpose, and two private individuals have offered to undertake it. Tho Government are qhito ready to take the matter in hand ; but, if any other person ia prepared to do it, I think it would be just as well to encourage private enterprise. There are in other parts of the colony co-operative parties of working men, who are ready to supply places with water, with profit to themselves. This kind of enterprise has been profitable in other countries, and I am sure it will be gratifying to you to hear that it is likely to bo commenced in this colony. I may say, in conclusion, that, since I havebeen your member, I have endeavored to do my duty to this district. (Applause.) I cannot expect that everything I have done should satisfy everyone else, but what ever I have done, the majority of the people wilt believe I did for the : beat. I have attended as sedulously as possible to the material wants of the district, and whenever I have had the opportunity Of benefiting it I have embraced it;f My conduct in Parliament, as your representative and a public man, has not, I flatter myself, brought any discredit upon you; and, in offering myself for,re-:electionrl may say that what I have been I will be, always endeavoring, in any legislation it may be my duty to conduct, not to lose sight of the district that returned me. After afew questions had been put and answered j Mr J. J. Casey addressed the electors at some length. At the conclusion of his remarks, Mr Huggaed proposed, and Mr Cahtmell seconded, a motion to the effect that the: hoh. J. F. Sullivan and Mr J. J. Casey were fit and proper persons to represent the district of Mandurang in the Legislative Assembly. ; , , , ,, The motion was put and carried unanimously, three cheers being given for the candidates. After a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meet ing broke un. ?- ? ? 