THE ST. LEGER DAl.--WEDEosDAr , SEPT. 14. The Sr. LEGaR STaKEB of 25 sores. each, for 3Syr-olds; colts, 8st 101b; fillies, S1t 1ib; second to receive 100 save. out of the stakes. St. Leger Course. 1 mile 6 furlongs 132 yards. 217 subs. Mr. W. I'Aneon's Blair Atlol, by Stockwell Blink Bonny, 8st 101b.... (.... (J.Snowden) 1 Lord Glasgow sGeneralPeel, 8st 10lb...(Wells) 2 LordBStnford'sCambuseon,8stl0lb. (Edrirds) 3 The following also ran:--The Miner, Black Rock, Clausmont, Baragah, Ely, Knighlt of Snouwdon, and Brindisi. Betting: 2 to 1 agot Blair Athol, 11 to 4 aget GIne eral Poel, 6 to 1 oget the Miner, 7 to 1 ngst Berags , 100 to 0 agst Camebusmen 25 to 1 each ngst Ely and Claremont, 80 to I agst Knight of Snowdon, and 50 to 1 each agst Brindisi and Black Rock. The final operations of the bookmakers and backers were transacted nmid a shower of rain, lwhieh became heavierand heavier as the time advanced, till at last it descended with a fury and power that has rarely been nbahervable. The crowd kept their stations on eadh side of the Course simplc y because thelicre ls no aJlelter to fly to, whle many of those upon the summit of the itands were in a worse predicamuent, for they had to receive the drippings of the unlbrelles iloisled nhbove I then, and in many nases those weather protectors were powerless to keep off tle wet. A more diserable state of thinegs could seCnreely hlave been imagined. TnE RAcE.--After iono brelk away in which Ely, Ceombuseml, Kuight of Snowdon, tile [iner, and Brin. diae, rani a couple of huildred yards, the lot were started in a tremendous sehower of rain at eight minutes belore 3 o'clock. General Peel wras that off, but when they ilad proceeded 100 yirds Ely took up the running and carried it on foru quarter of a mile, when lie was passed by the Miner and Baeagal, tile former horse gmg on i in rocut, followed by Baragah, Ely, and Black Rec in Sthesorder named; Gencenil Peel, Blair Athol, Brindisi, Sand Knight of Snowdon lyilg at their heels, with Ceam I buneas snd Clarmeot ile close proximity bringing up the ner. At the mile post Ely repassed Baragnh and was next in pursuit of lie Miner till tite lot reacted the ridfle butt, where Claremnit, who had been gradually drawing towards the front, took second place. Shortly after pansing the Red-house, however, r" escumed.hiis former position, and, coming round tile bend, joined the Miner, tis two sweeping round the curve into the straight in close i oors n. When f'ily in the straight they were joined by Cambuscan ontheir right and Ges. eral Peel seit thle rails oil their left, Wnd these four fbormuedthesfront rank till'reachhg tIhe distance, where jEly andtlh Mine droepped back,and theissue appeared. to rest -betoire Gecicerl Peel and Caumbuscan, botil of whose riders?-ere herd "upon their hlorses; a ad wlst w-liip and spur were. being freely used to both Lord Glasgow's and Iorid Stamford's represeiltatives, Blair Athlol at the half distalee easmeoaut and, shooting past the piclir with the utmost ease, won literally in a canter, without having eerr been punished, by two lengthlls. A ihead separated tim second and third, and four I lengthes divided the third and fourth; Ely was fifth, I close up; Clarembnt sixth, Barallh seventh, Brindisi eighthe, Knight of 8nowdon ninth, and Black Rock last. Mr. lowse's two finihled many lengths in tihe rear of Ely, thie last rtwo pulling up, being beaten a long way. -4--- Archdeacon Denison, at a recenet harvest home festi val, said :-Lest thlere shouild be any one left out in that great assembly, lest ithere slhould be any one able to go wny and say, "my bealthl was not drunk," lie would propose a toast which hle hlad oritten down for I fear he shouild not remember it, and it was thlis " Ilere's a health to all those tluht we lorve, Here's a iealthl to all those that love us, IHerc's a healthl to all those tlrt love thlem That love those that love themn That love us" Tile toast was received with larleghterand great lcheering. It was announed recently to tie people of Tralee and its neighbourllood, throgll the loal advertiser, the " bellmac," that au emigration agent was pepared ito send, "by a eclebroted line of magnifcct ships," all Ipaties desirous to emigrate to Americe at thie edured Sfire of 5S. a head. The Idepesdmced Bcige mentions a eurious blunde-ron the part of an individual, who caled at tile Genersl Post-oire at BruEsee last week, and stated that he hlad soine days before enclosed upwards of 10,000f. in bank nstes in a letter addressed top MM. Balisua, Lebeau. and Co., bankcers at Charleroy, while Ie lhad himself sealed and pat into the letter-box, in the Karnbe -asua GrOint but which hlad sever reached its destination. Thie post-olice authlorities promised to make inquire. Ie answer to a letter sent to Charleroy on thie subject tie director of thie post ocles scaled tllat so lter addressed to tile lirm in question lhad been receired, but that one liead come directed to tihe indridual himselfi on whose behalf the inuquiries were made. On the lelter being opened it was found to contain the sum meetioned tie gentleman having in a moment of focgetfulitess directed the letter to himself instead of to tie bankera ! A good story is reported from Vienna. A lady of property 30 years old fell in love with a young lawyer, aDr. Kant, and invlited him to hler hlouse. He came, asd alte imagining he was shy in popping the question, hierself opened up thie matter, and hle replied:-" I have already tcoueght of marrying, but made my choice, but -c But P" tihe lady hastily ilnterposed. " But," ihe continued, "tshe lady is rich, very rich, and I am poor. I am afraid I can Ihardly aspire to her hand, and, rather than allow myself to be taxed withll sordid designs, 1 will burn my passion in my breast, and leave it uunavowed for ever." The next day she executed a deed making over timhe sum of £55,000 to Dr. Kant, and sent him the deed witli a note to tile following effect :-"Dear sir, I much pleasure in enclosing a paper alwhieh I hope will remove tile obstacle in the way of your Imarriage. Believe me &e.;, Anise MA'lINI." Thereupon lie presposed for the hand of the Fraulien Fisethel, thie real lady of his love, and was accepted. Miss Martini forth with sued the unhappy bridegroom for restitution; but as no promise of marriage lad been made, thie rase was, by two suieessiro courts, derided against lier. Tile following story is going the round of Paris :-A small German Baron ihad occasion, oas it seems, to see Baron Rotihsclild, ofFrankfort. Tile great flnancier was writing away for very life when Baron X. was announced. He did not even lift his eyes, but said, "lake a chair, sir." Tile baron withl true German toucahiess about titles, said, "Sir, indeed ! I-think M. le Baron did not hIear my name. I am a baron also tile baron .i." " Ah!a thousand pardons," said the banker, still writing, "you are a baron, take two lchairs, then, if you will be so kind, acd wait till I have fnished tids leksr." 01 all them silly things a yonug Act of Parliament is the silliest. It is always being shown up a wanting, always in error. The Acts of Parliament that read so sonorously are, as Daniel O'Connsell said, open to tihe passage of eta csrrisge and six throughl them, at least, most of them. liere is a case in point. Thelaw says all places of public resort shall be closrd on Sunday night at 11, and a fine is imposed it any beverage is drawn after that hour. The object is clear, but the mnanner ofexpressing it is deflciru, so that the people now draw their liquids, wine, spirits, anid aler, to any extent before 1I, anid regale their customers wilh them till any hour. A new act will have be intro. duced to meet thie case. ItJisa pipty that the M.P.'s cannot remain on tie alert to pleveot suchl errors. A little ess sleeping au the benches, full and free dicing, absenterism at the Opera, and sanmokling oli the terrace, would prevent the error. MIes. OvuraAx A?n Sie WcILcAx NPIEl-Mrs. Outram, tile mother of Sir James Outram, read a passe ,ge from "Tlhe Life of Sir Charles Napier," in which tle death of her eldest son by his own hand, lwhidh hapltlened when hle was delirious with jungle fever, hlad been flippsntly mentioned. The following toulching eorrespondene ensued:--" You and I, sir, she ends, " 'cill neser meet ill this world-in that ous to wliche we are both perhaps rapidly approaching, earthly feelints and vindictive passions muct theu be ouer but ther effects remain; we must give an account of our tres' passes. I trust yOi will repent of hlaving destroyed tihe peace of a widow wlo neser offended you, and whose gray hairs you are bringing in sorrow to tile groave. ltaona?ecr OuTrne." Sir William's answer runs: "'June 4, 1857.--Madam,--Your solemn, and to me terrible letter, has reehed me, and to it I can give no answer. I hope God will pardon tile pain I have given you, though unicntentional; I say unintentional, as it was a careless treeanscribing of a passage never intended for publication, and to lwhiche publicity ought not to lhave been given. Ipray God may alleviate tile suffering of your aged heart and the sell reproael I feel. I Can say no more.-Wx. NhaPiI?E"Mells. Outram replied : "June 10, 1857.-Sir-Your oanswer to my letter demands an acrkowledgement. Aware in my own long life of having conunitted unny errors, I am ready with my whole heart to pardon injuries done to me, partieu lerly if atoned by regret or repentance. It is de to I your feelings and my own to assure you that your answer to my letter soothed antl grLatifed me, as expreosed like -a soldier and a Christian gentlemat. All I have to rejoin is to express miy regret thlat your feelings and my own hlave been so iuch pained, asid to assure you of the esitie forgiveness of yours truly, M1fAnGAmr Ounu.M--P.S. I am iow anxious to bury the sad affair in obliioen," About sixty of the South African clergy, almolt all in the diocese of Capetown and Grahamstown, hare signed a memorial address to their metropolitan aid to the bishops of South Africa, in which they prptest againot Dr. Colenso resuming his episcopal funetons, and declare that they annmeot recognmise him as bishop of their Church, or hold commuuion with him euiould hie return to his diocse.-Bishop Colonso replies to this sentence of excommunication. He says he has no intention of forsaking the Church of England,:anud pointing to thIe distinction drawn between it and the Cthurchl ini or of South Africa, le quietly suggests that it is the Court of Arctics or the 1'rivy Council which must settle the multer, niot the bishops and clergy of South Afrira, if the latter belong to the Church of England. Meanwhile hie priints a list of twenty-three clergymen belonging to the "Church of England!' in South Africa, who have not signed the protest against him. The bishop sayn these gentlemen may not hold his views, but i he asserts that they are resolved not to anticipate hlier Majcsty's decision on tihe Colenso case. A congress or aggregate meeting of clerical and lay members of the Church is about to be held at Ipswich in October, in rivalry of that which commences its sit tings in thie same month at Bristol. The Ipsich nimet inrg is to be entirely under the control of the Evangelical party., and doctrinal subjects, as well as those mhore directly appertaining to discipline, are to be discussed. The nmanagers have Iid doiwn the basis on which they wishl their co:gress to be held, and tihe principles on which they invite attendance. 'liev soy in their printed circular-" The addresses at Ipswich next October will be delivered by the following gentlemen amongst others, the Rev. J. Bardsley, Manchester ; the Rev. E. alrbett, London; the RBev. E. Heonre, Tunbridge Wells; and tlhe Rev. Dr. Miller, Birmingham. The subject of'the addresses will be as follows:-I. the inspiration of Scripture; 2, tho atonement; 3, the realitynldeternity of the future punishment of the wicked; 4 tihe breadthi, freedom, and yet exclusiveness of the Gospiel p: 5, the rights and dutieso of the lay ssembers of the Church.of England; 8, thebest modeof presenting ltheprivihegosa of the Church of England to the working closes" .' The Very Rev. Dr. Harvey Goodwin, Dean otElhy, has just published two sermons, entitled "The Doom of Sin," and "The Inspiration of the Bible," in wlhieh be deals with certain controverted topics ofthe day. TiLe very rev. dean expresses hisopinion thatboththese questions are beyond the reach of the human facultioes. Hme says he should feel in his own case that it would be imnoral and 'icked to eherislh the belief that there is asy further state of probation nfter death, but he thielis it coannot be proved froin Scripture that there is none. He thinks, moreover, that the inspired writers being mte, of necessity broughlt something humian into their books, but. he is convinceed that no one has ever yet defined, or ever will define precisely what thlat some thiing is. New churches in connection with the Roman Catholic faith are springing up in various directions. One, dedicated to St. Mry of the Angels, has been erketed in the Creseceut-road, Worthing. Th??e new chnreh of "Our Lady and All Saints" at Stourbridge, was opened on September 14. On the same day the new' Cuthioli Church in Marine-town, Sheeurness, was opened by Dr. Greant, Bishop of Soutlhwark. The foundation-stone of a new church, to be erected in, Hoxton- square, Shore diiehl, London, was laid on September 20. On Sept. 22, another Roman Ctllolic Churlch was ommefiihd at BUrnct, thIe first stoneo being laid by Bishop Mo~ rris nud a Roman Catholic Church was opened on Ss?idlay, September 18, at WaltInm. sIoGULAR SCeens Is A LODON CHURCH.--An ar nounsement thamt "Brother Ignatius," a young clergy-. man of the Church of England, whose efforts to estab lish na Benedictine monastery in the cast of England lhave met with some success, and whose procredingas at Claydon and Norwich lhave reentsly excited copssder able attention, was to preach in the Isurelh of St. Mary Magd&dene;, Munster-square, Regent's Park, naurally drew im oversthelming congregatio ono Sundhny, Sep tember Il. When the bell which proclaims thIe more ing service had ceased, the first past of a singular scenei presented itself. About twenty surpliced ehoristers entered and took their phece in thie chanoeL. They were followed by two priests wearing green stoles, bdt no university hoods. Then came the Rev. Mr. Stuart, the incumbent, ldbited in tihe cope, or full eucharistic estmnent. The cope was richly embroidered, the orna mentation at thie bek forming a splendid rich yelliow cross, extemding fiosn his shoulders nearly to his heels. Prior to the entrance of tie procession, two huge can dies, betweenm whichlo wa lnrge gilt eross, on the altar were lighted. In the first place Mr. Stuart ingesned the altar. A boy, surplies and kneeling, presested what is .called a "boa," made apparently of diver, containing thie incense; then the tsurible, or canser, in which the incense was burned, and in whicl it was fumed. This thlurible, wlhich wns provided with Jong chains, Mr. Stuart took from the " Thurifer," or atten dant, and swung it in othe air, the result of whlich ope ration was tlhat In a very enw momenta the priest's and others who were ofmiciating at the altar became' en veloped in a dense white cloud, throughl which the byes of the congregation could not pierce. Soon, however, it began to clear away, and tie lighted candles on the high altar became dimly visible. While these proceed ings were going on the heloristero chanted tile "Te deum" with much solemniity. When thie GospeI of the day was annoucedl thie churchl was again incensed. It would be ditteolt to say whether the Gospel?e? intoned. During the recital of the Nicene Creed msost of the congregation knelt at thIe words, "And was in carnate by the Holy Ghost." At the close of 'tle ante-Communion service, Mr. Stuart stood with 'his back to tie cross on thie altar, with hIis face to thie con gregatiorin, and stripped himinolf of Iis euclharistic rest ment, leaving himself habited in hIis "alb"-a long white linen garment reaclling almost to the feet, Iid ad "girdle" round hIis waist, representing thle giding 'of priest's loins, in memory of our Lord's admonition to readlness. He wore also an embroidered green stole crossed over Iis breast. In this dreis he went into'the pulpit A look of blmnk amazement crept over 'the faces of thie congregation, for mnny of them had come to hear Brother Ignatius, and could for once lIve foregone the pleasure of listening to the famniliar Mr. Stuart, great as their regard is evidently for him. The rev. gentlealon did not leave them long in suspense. After reading a list of people who hIad sent in their names as candidates for thie holy state of matrimony, he said, " Brother Ignatius tells me that he has goa a sore tlhroat, and cannot preach hereto-day. I am sorry for it, because some lhave come here probably for the purpose of hearing him. Before I gave you notice last Sunday morning th he would preach heare to-day I received a distinct assurance from Idm that nothing should prevent him from coming here. Perhaps Brother Igonatius thinks a prDmise nothiong; and that is my opinion tbout his sore throat. When I asked him to preach here last sumnmer, nd cngaged to give him what might be collected for his mission, a sum of £130 being raised, he had no sole throat ; but as the offertory to-day was to be onbehlalfof the church ofSt. Mary Magdalene, Brother Ignatius has got a sere thlroat. Now, as some have come to hear .Brother Ignatius, I will wait a moment or two, and .these wio like to leave the church'cango. Thase who, gp a inw I shall of course be glad to see, to listen to a comnon sermon." Two or three minutres elapsed, and as io one moved Mr. Stuart proceeded, tcling for his mixt thIe rst chapter of St. Paul's Epistle .to the Ephesians, verses 22 and 23. He said tlhere were tlings in the world quite as imlortant as Brother Ignatius, whieh existed before Brother Igsnatins, and would exist after him, whether le hlad a sore throat or not. He was going to speak that mnorning of one of those things, which was te Churchl of Christ. At the close of the sermon Mr. Stuart went back to the altar, whlere he resumned the euchalristic vestments, and proceeded to the administration of thIe Holy Commnuson, the service being chorally rendered. On Saturday, September 17, a large nmeeting of the present and former students of thIe Cheltenhm m 'ormal College and St. Itary's-hall, the Female Students' College, assembled in one of the large rooms oftlie Training College, for thIe purpose of bidding adieu to their respected Principal, the Right BRev. C. H. Bromby, who has been recently appointed to the bishopric of Tasnmania. As address, accompanied by an elegant epergne of massive silver, was presented to thie bishop, who returned thanks in an earnest and touching speechl. Following the example of his confreres, a Right Iorn oumrble M.P. for a borough in thIe county ofDurhani, on returning with his lady to the retirement of the countrr seat at which hie resides, being desirous of nmaintaining thie 'otente cordit le with his constitucents, issued cards of invitation in the usual style of fashionr able society, intimating- Mrs. So-and-So at home on the - instant, from nine till eleven. One of these missives was transmitted to as ex-Mayor of the borough, lwho, imagining thie aenrd invited a morning call, and anxious to pay such n mark ofrespect to his representative, drove out with his wife to thie honour. able ,member's residence, between niine and ten in the forenoon of thie day in quechion, not a little to the astonishmentu of tle lf.P'. and his lidy. The eclalreie. siret may be imagined. 'lThe cirscumstane heas created so small amusement in the borough. SHOCKING SUraoi as A SOIeCITOR TROUGEJ LOssES oNr THE TUnr.-An inquiry was held by Mr. Wm. Carter, coroner for East Surrey, on Wednesday, n'qeeting the death of Mr. Edward Villier Crotty, aged 50 years. The deceased gentleman was born i Fenne, but we of Irish extraction. He was by pro fession a solicitor, and was at one time possessed of a large fortune, all of which, however, he lost on the turf. Mns. Eliza Crotty, No. 1, Cheyne-walk, Chelsea, said that deceased was her husband. She had only been married to Idim four years. For twenty years he had not followed his profession as a solicitor. Before witness married him he had run through a large fortune. After the marriage he was left £700, and he lost that. He bet on horses racing. He latterly tried to regain his money. He used to return home depressed at night, and whetn witness would ask him what was the matter, hlie used to reply, "It is a business you do not under stand." A gentleman in Oxford used to send hIim in formation about particular hlorses. Numbers of letters from betting gentlemen used to come to the lhoise. Tisere was only one child, a girl three yera old. They were in straigleneld eircumstances latterly, but they never wanted food. Deceased was only able to contri bete a little towards witness's support, and witness went out as a milliner in order to keep up the family. He would not take or accept any of the money so earned, but used to may, "What money you have is yours, and you must keep it." His losses of money on Ihorse raciog, Ids rednoed ciroumstancis, and the fact that all hIis resources hlad failed him, witness believed hld affected his mind, and caused him to kill himself,; but lie had never threatened to commit suicide. On Friday last lie said that he lhad lost a large sum of miney.--fr. W. Butler said that deceasod had commenced life with a very large fortune, and Ise had at various periods in. herited considerable sums, but he had lost all on the turf.-Dr. W. Pocek said that the deceased died from proussio acid. The bottle found in Iris pocket had con tained the poison.-The Coroner suaving summed up, the jury returned a verdict of "Suicide while in a state of temporary mental derangement." HoieaOUBEB AKE DETErCED BY A PaOnoT.-At the Birminglsam Public OlIce, on Wednesday, two young men, named Henry Hill and Henry Broekington, were broueht up on remand, charged wills breaking into the dwelling-house of William Freeman, a coal dealer in fummer-lasne. The case was a singular one, insesmochl as the inrst intimation of thle robbery was given by a parot, a pet bird left in tlhe house, whoso loqt acity described one of the thlieves and led to lIis apprehension. On Thursday week it appleared that lMrs. Freemen left Ihome to purchaseo some meat for dinner, and on her return she found the door locked, and everything apparently safe as wlhen she left. A parrot, which was in a cags in the house, no sooner saw Mrs. Freeman enter then the bird, in apparent alarm, sereamed out, "'Oh, missus, you shouldn't have left the house;. Brock Isas been with another rogue and stolen all thle money." The name Urack" is commonly used as on abridgment I of Broekincton, and that individual was not unknown to the bird from hIis former visits to the house, and indeed the prisoier Blerockiogton had already suffered three years penal eervitude for a robbery on reemas's I premises. Of couree tUs woman, on missing a ·silveer watols and 10s. iu silver from a cabinet in the house, gave information to the polies and Broekington and ill were apprhended at a publie-house, when 10s. in silver (part of which was identified by Mrs. Freeman) iwas found in Hill's possession. Evidence was given to show that both prisoners -were seen near thle house on tle morning of thle robbery, and, although tihe sagacious parrot was not called as a witness, the Bench thought tie evidence ssllieioetly conelusive to warrant them in sending tihe prisoners for trial.-(Tlhe above is given in a respectable BEnglishl paper without comment, and is evidently intended to be believed. What must home editors think of their readers F--EnD. 0. T.) Thie Tipperry Free Pres reports the subjoined curi ous case of fraud and extraordinary credulity at Corrick-on.Suir:-" One Mary Dohleny, it appears, hsas for some years past lived there in afluent circumstances by selling love potions to romantic and foolish girl, while he oconionlly netted respectable sums amongst farmers' wives with whom thinge were not going alto gether smoothly. But she surpassed herself when slse Isucceeded in enrolling two steady members of tile constabulary force on the list of her votaries, and enmeshing one ofthem, at least, in debt to a consides able amount. Sub- constable Joseph Reeves is a mar ried man, of some fiBre and forty years of ago, and the father of a family. Some time ago hIis eldest daughlter became ill, and, hearing of the ourtirve psowers of iMrs. Doheny, hIis wife ~engaged her services, and the child improved somewhat. Heuceforsn rd Mrs. Doheny became a frequent guest at the ten-table of the con stable, and after a time she predicted that ere long he would be in affluent cimrumstanes, inasmuch as some of his relatives and connections who had been dead for yers hlad come to life, and would soon be permitted to show themnselves upon earth. He was aoled to believe tlhat Sir James Power, who had died some ten years ago, took a deep interest in his well-being, and that a correspondence no carried on between them, and the constable received no less than twenty-fire letters and a gold ring from the ocpaut of the grave, the missives in question being regulaly forwarded by Mrs. Dohleny, andtlhe replies ooeasionally came through her, aud were sometimes found in an old moat on the hill-side. To attest her powers still further, she made an assignation withl the constable to meet him in a cortain held, and there she revealed to hInim the person of Iris fathler.in.law, William Ifullins, standing at afew yards' distance, dressed in a blue coat withl brasse buttons, knee.breeches, coarse stockings, and shoes he was not allowed to address the vision, which was beheld by his son, a boy about nine years of age, at the same time. She also showed him others of his friends, &c.;, lwho ihad been dead; among others, hIis son William, who departed this life some rfive or six years ago. This the constable deposed to on oath at as investigation before the magishtetes, and as i.egarded her power in this respect he was corroborolated on oath by his wife. Mr. IHanna, who with Mesars. Jephson and Wilson presided, asked hIim if he had beeh drinking at the time, and the man replied that.he had not tasted spirituols liquors for the past twenty-two years. There isfurlser testimony. Sub-conestable Hayes is brought forward, and he deposes on oath that tle woman has brought up before him several of his friends and con seections who had been dead for years. He too is corroborated by his wife. For weeks after Mrs. Doheny is supplied witi meal, potatoes, tea, &dc.;, for the susu tenance of the dead who have cometo life, and on more tuan one ocsion some tobacco was sentto old Mullins, who, it appears, was in his lifetime a great smoker. To meet those demands canstable Reeese'got into debt, but the promise of gold and landed property itduceed imn to resort to extensive erodits to funishl supplies. New potatoes were at one time returned to hnim, withl a request from the deed that they should be exchanged for old, and on one ocosion some eggs were sent back with word that tlhey had niot agreeood with the dead son William. Mr. Heard, the sub- inspector, at length got intelligence of what was going on, and determined to make inquiries m reference thereto; Beeves was moved to Clonmel in caonsequence of the debts he had obitraeted: and, learning tlhe cause thereof, lie pro ccded to Mrs. Doheny's house, where he found the letters (twenty-fre) from Sir James Power, which had been returned by Reeves when the thing got noised abroad. Hie also got three bottles, 6ontaining tea, cream, and milk, madle up in a clean white handkerclhief, and whichl Mrs. Doheny acknowledged were to hiave been forwarded to some of her defunct clients on the same evening. The house was othcrsvise comfortably furnilshed, and the dame appeared to live well on the credulity of the people. She was, of course, arrested, and thle present proceedings were instituted. It was a strange thing to itneas in a public court a niumber of intellgei t peole, apparently in their senses, deposing to suclh things on oath. Whatever spell sale may hare wrought, there is no doubt that the policemen named and their families, still place imnplicit faith in ler, for, wlen b ing removed to thie dock, Beeves shook her by tle hand, and, in reply to one of the magistrates, Ihe said, " Sir, if you hlnd seen as much as I hlave, you would be of the same opinion,." Mr. Heard had tse womaen's hlsband--a blind (?) man--also arrested. Ite travels thlroughl thile country led along by a "dark" guide, and, on benro questioned, lie acknowlcdged that his worst day's receipts for some thle past were hs. D9d., while ocesionlslly tley realised sGa. or 7e. a day. Some time ago the femalo prisoner save a womran an awful beating, miand yet nobody could be got to prosecute her, fearisg that she miglt bewiltelh themselves or tlheir elhildroue. Mrs. Doheiv was eaomnitted for trial at the ensuingquarter srssion. She is apparently about forty I years of age, witlh i good-looking face, and a mouth particularly expressive of cunniug and intelligenre The submarine cable between Otranto and V'aloun ha s been completed. The previous attempt in February lust was ounsuccessful on account of severe gales whichl drove thle vessel out of her course, ansd cansed the end of the eable to be lost; but the repairing expedition, under the personal supervision of the contractor, Mr. HIentley, have now succeeded in picking it up from a depth unprecedented in any ease of previous recovery, of 569 falhomo. The completion of this line will bring Constantinople into more direct communication with London. 