LOCAL) it GENERAL INTELLIGENCE THE BISHOP OK GOTJLBURN. TnE Lord Bishop of Goulburn, accompanied by Mrs. Thomas and the Chancellor of the Dinccsc, O. Campbell, Esq., loft Goulburn on Wednesday, the 13th, visited Collector, inspected the church and examined the school, on their way to the residence of the Hon. T. A. Murray, where tliey were hospi tably received, ami stayed tho night. On the 1 ith tliey proceeded to Gumlnrno. whore his Lordship ex amined thesehool, anil inspected the church property and buildings. He was much pleased with the school, which is well conducted by the now master. The party were soon afterwards met, hv George Campbell, Esq , who conducted tlicm to his beauti ful mansion at Duntroon. On Sunday, the 17th, in tho morning, the Bishop preached to a large con gregation in Canberra Church, and advocated tlio cause of tho Diocesan Church Society, tlio offer tory collection amounted to 17/.; artd in the even ing to n still larger congregation in Qneanheyan Church, whore likewiso tlio offertory collection amounting to I/. 10s., was devoted to the same purpose. On Monday his Lordship inspected the fine stone church erected at Canberra by the late Mr. Campbell of Duntroon. and regretted to find that, owing to defective foundations, tho tower would require to he pulled down and rebuilt. On tho same day his Lordship visited the school church at Gininderra and examined the children ; the schoolliouso was erected bv W. Davis, Esq.. on land given som'ctiihc ago by C. Campbell, Esq. On Tiles- day the Bishop inspected the. church, schoolliouso. \- and parsonage at Quounhevan. examined the school and received an address from the members of the Church of England resident at Qucanbevan. In the afternoon ho visited the school at Canberra, now temporarily conducted in one of the farm 4jur!dings-nf-Dtrntrnnnnrntil-thu- schf>:>Wrtmstt— re«-- contly burnt down he re- ciinstrucfcd. In the evening tlio Bishop and M rs. Thomas had the grati fication of meeting numbers of the ladies and gentlemen of the neighbourhood at Duntroon House, where they were hospitably entertained by Mr. and Mrs. Campbell. On Wednesday the Bislinn and Mrs. Thomas having been much pleased with their visit to Dun troon, and with all tliey had seen in the tho district,, passed through Ginnimlcrra, escorted a consider able portion of the. way to Yass by Goorgo Campbell, Esq.. W. Davios, Esq., J. Poilmore, Esq., and arriv'cd at Yass about 5 p 111. They wo're met 'at a short distance from tho town by the clergyman of St. Clement's, the Rev. F. A. 0 .Lillingston, Rev. D. P. M. Hulhert from Collector, the church wardens of St. Clement's Church, and several other gentlemen of the town. A larger number would have attended to escort his Lordship into the town, liad not his arrival' been an hour earlier than was anticipated. His Lordship was accompanied to tlio corner of Cooma'and Rossi- streets where he waved his Hat and took leave of tho cavalcade, and then went to the parsonage, where I10 stayed during his sojourn at Yass. On Thursday morning at a meeting in thcConrt- IIouso at' 11 a.m. an address, signed by tlio church wardens and as many of the hay members of the Church of England in Yass as was possible on so so short, a notice, was presented to his Lordship. We noticed amongst those present, Messrs. Stiles, Edwards, Colls, Campbell, Pearson, Wilkinson, Milne, Wood, Harper, Taylor, it'e. The following was read by J. Stiles, Esq., trustee 'and churchwarden of St. Clement's : — To the Right Reverend Mi: sac, Lord Bishop of Goulihjrx. _ May it, please your Lordship, — We, tlio under signed inhabitants of Yass and its neighbourhood, belonging to tho Church of England, having beard that you aro likely to bo for a short time in Yass, cannot allow such an opportunity to pass without expressing our feelings of hearty joy and thank fulness to our Heavenly Father, that Ho has brought you in safety to our shores. As members of the Church of England, we feel that wc cannot estimate too highly the benefits and advantages of having within a convenient distance .0110 to whom both wo and our clergy can look' up to as a Father in God, and counsellor in all spi ritual matters. Wo also deem it no small ground for thankful ness, that, when the appointment of a Bishop was fnadc, tho 'choice foil upon one who, from long ex perience of the working of nor Church in the colonies, . was. so well qualified to perform tlio duties and guide the affairs of our diocese. Your Lordship may rest assured that whenever yon visit Yes's you will meet with a hearty wel come. and that wc shall ever lie anxious and ready to help forward any schemes for the promotion of the Glory of God, in connection with our ..own Church, which it may seem to you advisable to propose to us. Wc also desire to extend our hearty welcome to Mrs. Thomas, and to express our hope that soon, at Yass as well as at Goulburn, site may have many friendly associations, which may compensate in part for the many tics which had to ho broken on leaving homo. Finally, wo desire to 'commend your Lordship and Mrs. Thomas and your work to tho blessing of our loving God and Saviour. And beg to subscribe ourselves, Your Lordship's obedient servants, Hero follow tho signatures, The Bishop then read the' folio wing 'reply ;— To the Memiiers of the Church of Ent.i.and, RESIDENT IN YaSS AND ITS NEIfinilOURIinOD. Gentlemen, — I thank you very sincerely for your very kind reception of us yesterday, and for your address of thankfulness and joy on the occasion of our arrival in Yass. It is thy earnest desire to ho instrumental, with tlio grace of the Holy Ghost, in promoting the true interests of the Church in this colony. Most anxious am I to gather eorrectinformation respect ing the religious condition bf overy district in this important dio'coso. With this view I propose to issue a scries of enquiries to tho clergy, church officers, and Others, that I may bccomo accurately acquainted with the general requirements of tlio whole diocese ; to visit at an early date the several parishes, to hold confirmations, to inspect tho machinery now at work, and confer with tiic friends of the Church as to tho host mode of extending 'siihilar blessings tb the rogiohs beyond — and nlso to organise for tlio dioceso a " Church Society," which shall havo for its object the encouragement of scriptural education — the distribution of Bibles, Prayer-hooks, and useful hooks — the building of churches and schools — tho supply and maintenance of additional clergymen, and tho support, bf Christian missions. For these purposes I shall need, and 1 earnestly solicit, the prayers and tho co operation of all the laity, that our plans may bb formed in wisdom, "and steadily pursued in dfepend- cnce upon the Divine blessing. And in return I hoartily pray that the spiritnal welfare of tho people committed to niv oversight, and the estab lishing of our Apostolic Church 011 a firm and lasting luvsis in the diocese, may he the blessed result of the faithful discharge of tlio holy and re sponsible duties assigned to me in tho Church of Christ., . Thanking you for your good wishci in behalf of Mrs. Thomas and myself, and commending you to the grace of God. I am. your faithful friend, M. GOULBURN. Tho Bishop afterwards stated the great pleasure and gratification which lie had felt the evening before, at the numerous cortege which had escorted him into Yass, and of the position and beautiful ap pearance of the place. I lis Lordship while expressing an earnest hope for their material prosperity, trusted that his advent to the diocese would tend, under God's blessing, to promote the true interests of tho Church of E.ngjand in their midst. His Lordship entertained a hope that ho would he able from time to time to visit Ya"s, to strengthen their hands and to take counsel with them on such matters as might conduce to the general welfare of tlio dioceso, and the particular interests of this place. lie was most anxious for the cooperation of tlio clergy and tlio laitv of the diocese .that each place, such as Bur- rowa, would he provided with a rosidout minister, in order to prevent, the withdrawal of tho incum bent of St. Clement's, and others similarly circum stanced, one Sunday in every month. He im pressed upon the meeting the importance of each parish' which God had blessed with the means doing its part in accomplishing the great work which Ho had marked out for tho Church 111 this colony. The Benediction having been pronounced by his Lordship, the meeting separated. In-tho evening Divine scrvico was held at St. Clement's, and the Bishop preached to a numerous and attentive congregation, taking for his text 3 Coll. 1 verse: " ff ye then ho risen with Christ seek those things which aro above, where Christ sittetli on the right hand of God." An offertory of between 8/. and 0/., which was collected by the churchwardens, was plnood at his Lordship's dis posal for tho benefit of tlio Goulburn Diocesan Church Society. On Friday, his Lordship proceeded to Gunning, . en mule, to \ Vol log) rang, the residence of J._ IV. Cliisholm, Esq.. where lie was to spend the night. | and tlicnce return to Goulburn on Saturday. 1 