BUST IN WHEAT: ITS NATURE AND SUPPOSED CAUSE. [To the Editor of the Sydneg Morning Herald.] JAMES K. CHISHOLM. Camden Park, 4Th December. Sir —As a large portion of the wheat crops on the east coast of this colony, embracing a tract of country from Shoalhaven, on the south, and extending as far as the Clarence or Grafton district, in the north, have recently fallen a sacrifice to a blight commonly called the rust; perhaps you wul be kind enough to allow me sufficient space for a few remarks upon the subject which at the present time may not prove un interesting to a number of your readers, although they may contain nothing that is new, nor of a practical nature. The effect of this cereal visitation is unfortunately but too well known to the agriculturist, but that cause which excites the evil is not altogether so apparent, and is often attributed by our rural population to the ravages of the opases or some other mysterious kind of varmint which, like a thief in the night, robs them of their industry, at a time, too. when hope is pregnant with success, and there is every prospect of abundance. To those who entertain <*?? opinion, it will be suf ficient to remark that insects have aa little to do with the failure of their crops as fleas with small pox. The aphides, no doubt, occasionally commit great havoc in our fields, and sorely try the patience of the horticulturists, but they belong to a totally distinct class of organised being?, and are in no way allied to those which form the subject of the present inquiry. It has long been known to the scientific (amongst which learned body I do not pretend to have a place), that many of those diseases which destroy our culti vated plants, and frustrate the hopes of the husband man, are owing to the presence of minute parasitical fungi, which prey npon the vegetables, tissues, and divert to their own support and nourishment the juices intended by nature for the growth and develop ment of tha plant they feed upon. Amongst this class may be reckoned the oidium, or grape disease, which lately proved so destructive to the vineyards of the Continent, and resulted in the complete extirpation of the vine in Mladeira. The potato murrain, also, which on its first appear ance was attended with such disastrous consequences, and which almost ever since has been the bane of tbe Irish farmer, is now generally admitted to be a mil dew fnngas, which absorbs the juices of the stalk, and thereby prevents the evaporation of those nutri tious elements so essential for the support and de velopment of the tubers. Whilst some have even contended, and not (as it appears to me) without good reasons, that many of those fatal epidemics which occasionally attack the human race and deci mate our city populations are to be attributed to fun goid substances, generated in a foul and vitiated at mosphere, and from thence received into the system. With regard to this, however, there seems to be a dif ference of opinion, and where doctors differ I wul not be presumptuous enough to decide. These fungi con stitute an order of very minute plants, which botanists have described as the cryptogamia, from their being uowerless, and having their organs of fructification generally obscure. They are very peculiar in their appearance and development, in which they differ from all other vegetables; are also ephemeral in their nature, arriving at maturity in an incredibly short spaceof time, and owe their existence to some extraneous cause, either of the atmosphere or soil. They include the mushroom, and an infinite variety of microscopic plants, commonly known by the appearance of mouldiness, mildew, smut, &c;^ are said to be the active principle in the decay of fruits, and are chiefly found growing on animal or vegetable substances in a stage of decomposition, from which they derive their support. Some writers appear to have questioned the propriety of considering fnngi as plants, and have proposed establishing them into a separate kingdom, assigning to them an intermediate position between the two now recognised. Others, again, regard them as nothing more than mere fortuitous developments of vegetable matter, fromtihe *>Mr>mH?frftw?ft their being meteoric—springing np after storms, and of an evanescent nature. Sut, admitting there is much that is remarkable if not inexplicable in their production, it by no means follows that we must have recourse to a theory of spontaneous generation in order to account for then 1 appearance. The very air, it is conceded, with which we are encompassed, teems with the spores of these minute parasites, which float invisibly about us, and being of so light and subtile a consistence are wafted by every wind that blows over the surface of the globe. The pre-eristent germ is everywhere present, and only awaits some special condition to call it into existence. This digression, I trust, wnl not prove uninteresting, and may help to explain more folly the nature of that particular fungus at present nnder consideration. The rust, by which name it is generally known, belongs to a particular group, which naturalists have called TTredo, and which, in its ijh?**, appears to be specifically identical with mildew, another enemy of the wheat crop. Like those jnst referred to, it is a minute fungus or mushroom, which is propagated within the plant, where it takes root and destroys the vegetable tissues. The circulation of the rap becomes sud denly arrested, the organs of fructification rendered abortive, and, as a natural consequence, no grain forms in the ear. It generally attacks the crop just as it begins to blossom, and a few days is quite sufficient to complete it? destruction. When a field is first aSected it assumes a reddish or orange colored tinge, bat too indicative of the evil, and which to the casual observer might be mistaken for premature maturity. On close inspection it wul be found that the stem is dry and withered, as if a blast had suddenly passed over it, and checked all vital action in the plant. On examining the stem and leaves, they appear to be be covered with a fine rust colored powder, which sous the wood when touched, and from which the name of the disease is derived. This powder is lodged in small oblong patches be neath the epirdemis or outer skiD of the stalk, which at first may be noticed partially raised, and forming a kind of buster or eruption on its surface. These spots are found to consist of thousands of minute globules, which, after a little, burst through their covering and are disseminated over the plant. lam not aware wbeiher it has yet been ascertained by ex periment whether the sporules of this fungus are ab sorbed of the roots, as in the case of smut, or whether they enter by the etomolo or <vrh?ling organs of the growing crop; but as they appear to exist in the atmosphere, it seems more probable they are deposited on the stems and leaves, from whence they become absorbed. We now come to the consideration of the question, " What are the special conditions under which this destructive blight is developed?" And here there appears to be much diversity of opinion. By some it is supposed that the rust is merely the effect, and not the cause of this singular disease, and proceeds from a defect in the constitution of the plane, which at all times renders it an easy prey to such visitations; but admitting there is a predisposing cause (which I think is more than probable), we have still to account for the primary agent which stimulates the latent pest into action. A variety of opinions has been advanced upon the subject, none of which appear applicable to to the present time, however much they may have explained the origin of the evil in former seasons. Amongst these I may mention the follow ing :—The action of the sun upon the crops after heavy dews, when, the plant being saturated with moisture, a rupture of its vessels may take place. A continuance of dull close weather, accompanied by superabundant moisture, which encourages a rank and luxuriant growth, often followed by plethor and debility of constitution. Others again would geek the true cause in the soil itself, which they think may be deficient in some element necessary for the growth and healthy nutrition of the crop. It will be obvioas to all who have paid any attention to the preaentaesjaa, that tin former of theta ogaditwoi could not have operated in causing the present calamity. The early spring was characterised by moderate rains and showers, which acted so favorably on vegetation aa to give every prospect of a moat abundant harvest, whilst the last few weeks have been warm and dry, both well suited for the maturity lof the grain. It is rather remarkable that the dig t triots which suffered most from drought during the j last Bummer should be those in which the rust is now j most prevalent. Perhaps the long dry weather, j thought most disastrous in its immediate effects, ma; I have developed in oar cultivated lands come particular j element or ingredient, which though favoring a j luxuriance of growth in the suceeding crops, wa? the ! cause of ultimate debility, rendering them more I susceptible of the variable temperature which j has been a striking feature of the present season. This, of course, 13 merely conjectural, but it will afford to rank amongst the other theories mentioned above. Assuming there is a predisposi tion in the growing plant, whereby it is more liable to disease, the question may be asked," Can any artificial remedy be devised for the prevention of a similar evil in future years ?" For my own part I fear not; at all events not until those conditions can be correctly ascertained which produce the assumed defect of constitution. It has been suggested to me by Mr. Ozley, a practical agriculturist of this neigh borhood, and of many years' experience, that a judicious application of salt to the soil, which acts as a powerful solvent on its constituents, might greatly modify, if it would not wholly preveut, this much to be dreaded epidemic. He informs me that two years ago he dressed a field lie was ploughing with common salt, which for many seasons previous always exhi bited more or less rust. He then, as before., sowed it with wheat, and although nearly every crop in the district failed through the drought, he reaped an average yield of ten bushels to the acre, with no trace of rust. Unfortunately the experiment was not repeated the following year, but notwithstanding this feed is the most free from blight of any on his property. Amongst the English farmers, X observe, lime is also recom mended, and the immunity of the Goulborn and Bathurst countries from the pest would appear to lend some countenance to the opinion. I fear, how ever, hot seasons like the present may occur, when, as in the case of the potato disease, no human means will be found sufficient to work off or arrest the im pending calamity. A clerical correspondent addressed a letter to your paper a few days ago, recommending the steeping of the grain intended for seed in a solution of lime-water as an infallible preventative of the rust, which he stated was the common practice in Italy in the neighbourhood of Milan. I must say I think hie reverence is egregioosly mistaken; for in what way the lime-water is to exert a talismftpic in fluence npon the growth and future health of the plant, lamat a loss to understand. As well might he have prescribed a similar bath for an infant as a sure specific ogain?t the BmaU- pox, or ague in after life. Perhaps the rev. gentleman was thinking of the smut, which is also another fungus, often destructive to the wheat crop, but generated altogether in a different way. Its spores, which are of an oily or greasy nature, adhere to the grain of a former crop, and being sown with the seed are after wards absorbed by the roots of the growing plant, within the structure of which it becomes established —an internal parasite. There, I believe, it maintains a contemporaneous growth, and is finally carried by the sap into the ear, which it completely destroys. In order to get rid of this cereal plague, it is only necessary, as every farmerknow?, to steep the seed in lime water, or a solution of sulphate of copper (common bluestone), which destroys its vegetable powers, and effectually prevents its appearance in the crop. It may be asked, is there any danger of the re-appearance of rust in those fields lately so infested with the evil? Now, althongh it is true, it some times assumes an endemic character, some localities showing traces of it season after season. Ido not apprehend a general recurrence of the plague, unless those special conditions of climate or soil, perhaps both, concur in producing the unwelcome visitor. It will be perfectly safe to use seed gathered from infected fields, which, besides a pinched appearance, retain no element of the disease might be supposed. Such visitations are by no means peculiar to our country, but are common in Europe, and especially in South America, where rust at times all but annihilates the crops. They were also well known amongst the ancients, who looked npon them as a ghost from heaven, indicative of the wrath of their offended deities, who in this way inflictecLsummary vengeance on the world. It is not my place to enter on the inquiry as to whether each visitations are to be attributed to the operation of a natural or inex orable law, or whether they must be regarded as the interposition of an overruling Providence; bat I think we shall do well to recognize in them the hand of Omnipotence and the nirimnfo good of his creatures. The Deity often employs agents which in the eves of men may appear weak and contemptible, but which, under his direction, are all-powerful to effect his most important ends. The potato disease was originally regarded as a great unmixed evil, and it certainly proved a sad national calamity; but who can now doubt its great efficacy in the regeneration of Irish husbandry, and the social improvement of the people? Whether a similar design is to be inferred from oar recent misfortunes is not for me to say; but such repeated failures in the wheat crop shows the danger and uncertainty of an entire dependence on one article of production, and should direct the attention of our raral popula tion to the cultivation of other articles of use, which may eventually prove remunerative. I well know the vis inertia of old habits cf occupation, and the pre judice which exists to any new branch of industry ; but in a climate like ours, where the vine and the olive luxuriate, surely some other crop besides wheat might be grown with a fair prospect of success. The qnestio? here naturally arises as to what should be the policy of the Government with regard to colonial products. It is one which in a great degree involves the prosperity of the country, and which should at all times seriously engage the attention of the Legisla ture. To me the reply is obvious enough, and must be apparent to every unprejudiced mind. In a young colony such as ours, where capital and population are necessarily limited, and where the first object is to develop the latest and natural resources of the soil, it will be more profitable for years to come to devote the labor we possess to raise the Taw material for ex port, rather than home manufacture. The Govern ment, therefore, will show its wisdom by encouraging all such articles of production, not by a recourse to the false and all but exploded system of protec tion, which you have ably shown would be a fraud npon general industry, but by a just and equitable system of legislation, which would invite the investment of capital, and leave private enterprise un fettered. Much, therefore, as I could wish to see the colony grow sufficient breadstuffs to enpply its wants, it is very evident wheat cannot be reckoned in the category of such productions. There being no foreign market at our disposal, any considerable sarplui which might be grown would be certain to re-act most unfavourably on agricultural pursuits, and throw numbers of farms out of cultivation. The true policy for the country nnder such circumstances is to raise something less than it actually requires, and to make np the deficiency by importations which it is seen can be managed even at a less rate than it pays our farmers to bring grain into the mar ket. But I have already trespassed too largely on your space, and these principles have been bo fre quently expounded in your columns that little more remains to be said upon'soch subjects: but before I conclude permit me to urge upon the Government the expediency, if not necessity, of remitting the loan which was advanced from the Treasury to supply the destitute farmers in the commencement of the year. To exact the obligation would only more efficiently complete the ruin of these poor people, with regard to whom it becomes a question for serious thought whether some similar measure of relief may not be requisite to enable them to tide over the present calamity. The non-payment of the former loan should be regarded as a tax or contribution levied upon the colony at large for a distressed and suffer ing community. In submitting the foregoing remarks, I think it only just to state that some of the operations there advanced are not given as the result of my own expe rience or observation, but are stated on the authority of others who have devoted much time and attention to the study of such subjects. To use a somewhat poetical expression, I have simply endeavored to make a nosegay of called flowers, and have brought nothing of my own but the string which binds them. The Tidb op Taste.—As an example of changes in taste it is worth while to record that a copy, vouched for as one of the original fifty, of Wedg wood's reproduction of the Portland Vase, was cold nt Messrs. Christie, Manson, and Wood's one day last week, for 27 guineas. Another copy, in no respect superior, was cold in the same room a few years a?o for nearly 200 guineas ; these works have fetched'a much higher price. On the same day last week, and in tJie same sale, a tite-a-lete eervice of Serves china, of the famous Rose dv Bern ground, beautiful only in that color, and otherwise quite worthless as a work of art, sold for about 300 guineas. The tide of taste may well be said to set towards color now-a-dayu.— Aihetuaim, A New Guw Metal—Messrs. Deville & Caron hare lately been making experiments on the proper ties of a new gun metal, a compound of eilicium and copper. When copper contains rather less than 5 ' per cent, of eilicium, it presents a fine bronze color, i is fdsible, and rather harder than bronze, but is per fectly ductile, and can be readily worked without cogging the tools as bronze does. Its tenacity is remarkable, being equal to that of iron. Silicium is the basis of sand, and the manufacture of its com pounds with copper may be made by fusing together ? mixture of eand, sodium, and copper with come common salt sad flow?p? m flax. 