A CORNISH GHOST STOLY.* THE tliinp; called spiritualism bas blossomed out. into another novel,entitled" Stella.'' It is clearly written under tbe icfluonco of the spirits, or most likely, tho nightmares. '. A more extraordinary jumble of little bits of flowery verbiage,' written in a confused s'ylo, ' frequently ungrammatical, always senseless, and tooted together by tho loose thread of a ghostly plo', it has seldom been | our mieforturjo to wade through. Escept under the supposition that the sketches are "spirit drawings," the work cannot ba aocounted for in any rational manner. Our own impression, while p'odding paiofully through the three volumes, was that the eighty and odd chapters into which the'contenta aro divided had been "rapped out" of a deal table at a spiritualist seance, pat into a bottle, and, having been well sliakeD, sent as " copy" to the printers, Under the editorship of the nightmares, of course. À couple of lawyers, rogues and thieves; a doctor, also a rogue ; three or four frhusts, of doubtful origin ; half-a-dozen spiritualists, moro doubtfut still ; a few corpses on the sea-shore ; a limited number of lunatics, and various other Cornish póople with wax noses ami divers labels on the forehead, form the chief ingredients of " Stella" The prit o'ja' hero is an attorney's clerk of wonderful prowess, very beautiful, and a great thief, called Norman Pascal. Ho begins his heroic Cllulii by robbing a dco«t body o»«t oaVtnrn from n wreck near the . town of Trevethan, in Cornwall. With the dead mon's pocket-book choke-full' of bank notes he starts for " tho great Babylon," or, in ordinary language, for London, meeting on the road a Mr. St. Aubyn, who immediately makes the " thrilling announce- ment" that he is "a medium, who has conversed face to face with the spirits of at least a hundred poisons who aro inhabitants of the other world." ' The rascally lawyer's clerk ts im- mensely pies sed with this news, forthwith attaches himself to Ft. Aubyn, freely opens his stolen pocket-book, aud puts his scepticism, his rasoality and his bank notes at tho service of tho spirits and ghosts. Thereupon he is introduced to the Countess Valeria Romani, a distinguished lady medium," whose " majeftto proportions" and " voluptuous beauty" strike the budding attorney, as most extraordinary. The counteBs-niedium, a woman of fascinating features, every look of which was effective in some way or other," at once inquired, " Is there any spirit with whom you wish to converse?" The answer being in the affirmative, " he was instructed to place his hands npon the table and bo ci'.ent. The lights were lowered until the room was* nearly dark. Af'or some five minutes Valeria said, in a low, thrilling voice, ' A spirit is present.' A light metallic knock was hoard under tho tablo oloso by Norman, and it grew rapidly louder. The alpha!ct was produced, and the medium with 3 pencil wrote rapidly the spirit's words in answer to several questions." The spirits tell the noble young scamp, what Mr. St. Aubyn has discovered at once, that he has a pocket book full of money no', belonging to bim, and must share it with somo Cornish cousins, for the dead mau on the Treve- than Bhore turns out to bo Norman's uncle ; or rather not his unblo, being a supposed uncle first and no undo afterwards. In connection with him thero are lots of "skclotons on the Cornish shore, besides no end of ghosts and lunatics. Ia fact, the plot of " t-telln," whatever there ia of it, hinges upon the nice point, as to whioh is the right skeleton and the wrong skeleton, and whether thc uncle to whom the Bank of Fnglaud pocket-book belongs is a lona fide skeleton, or s'ill wandering .in tho flesh at a distance from ghosts and mediums. This important question is solved at theond of throe volumes, ia an immensely sa'.isfao'oiy manner. But betcre it is Bolvod, the spirits and mediums have some bard work for il. Corpses, ghosts, and skeletons fly about like rushlights ; lawyers and lunatics rave like demons in a thunderstorm, and all the sir near the Garnish coasts resounds with tho tumult of - phantoms and hobgoblins. The hero scamp rushes down with pistolB to his native town of Trevethan, fires at everybody who is in Iiis way, jumps down prfcipitous cliff's with ont hurting himself, and, to crown all, tukes a small boat and paddles down in an hour all thc way from the Land's Ind to Dover, a couplu of haudred milos or more. Tho latter feat is not described os ono accomplished by tho aid of tho ppirils, but a s an oct of simple herois.n on the part of the attorney's clerk, who managed tho thing hy " lotting the boat glide at its will under the hollow dome of the dark sky, set thick with s'ars, when the Channel ssa lay quiet as n sleeping child." Meanwhile the clork's spiritual friond, Mr. Et. Âubyo. has not been idlo on his part. He has fallen in love with Bose I rellick, a rustió beauty from the . Cornish coast, sn old flame of Norman's ; 'nnd ' to maka sure of ber ba sent ber away to Italy as rt roediurhi BOBO i* accoítécVby Mr, H. Aubyn at Venice, " on tbe marble steps that let! to' the sun-dyed rifer, «here both their forms were reflected in a lurid crimson light cast from tbe setting sun, and slanting through ink-blank c'ouds." St. Aubyn's offrr. of matrimony is rejectfd by the maiden ''with bum- ing cheek and flashing eyo ;" and rejected, too, in sight of the son-dyed river, the lurid crimson light, and the ink-bbck clouds. Bat now the business is getting serious. " . -Stay I' said h». Her only answer wa» a look that Bbowed him he had no hope : none- none,-except in magnetism and magic." Thereupon Mr. r-t. Aubyn tries a little magnetism and a great deal of magic. We will quote the chief details of the " spells of the enchanter" for the benefit bf love sick readers. Mr. St. Aubyn set to work as follows :-He engaged a gondola, on which a kind of small room was raised, by means of light poles and eilken curtains. Within lhere were low coaches and a marble table, on whioh he set a small bra. zier containing burning charcoal. Over this fire he proceeded to burn strange Compounds that produce perfumes of intoxicating effect." These prepara ions having bea made, . Mr. Et. Aubyn proceed« d 'to mesmerise bia Cornish beauty. He " assumed ah expression of command, raised one hand, drew it slowly over her as far asher feet, repeated this action several times, and then said, with authority, ' Rose ! arise and follow me.' The unconscious girl instantly arose, like a palo and lovely spirit, clasping her bands before her, and bo'ding her head erect, all tho beauiful tressseB with' which nature had so lavishly adorned her flowing," &o; ; &b.; Having been safely marched into the gondola by the aid of Meamer's Charms, Mr. St. Aubyn's msgic was set to operate upon tho Cornish damsel. Fair Bose no sooner began to " inhale the magical compounds that were burning on the charcoal and throwing out sparks, crimson, purple, and green/' when she declared her willing- ness to marry Mr. **¿t. Aubyn. He .then led her into a chapel on the water-side, in whiah was " sn altar, decorated with flowers, and in front of it stood a man wearing the. black robes of a monk or prieBt." Under the combined power of magic and magnetism " Rose found herself unable to escape from St. Aubyn by any exertion of ber own mind or will ; abe would hare walked straight into fire or water at St. Aubyn's bidding, quite aa readily, as she would have advanced to the altar rails." ,The ceremony bf marriage was on the point of being concluded when the Cornish lawyer's clerk, who had not rowed for nothing all the way from the lund's End to Dover, burst into the chapel. Then there followed a storm* ing of all the elements,-frantic dsñoes of Am. trian policemen, Venetian gondoliers, Cornish' miners, and A-noricsn spiritualists. Tho hero ends by giving- up his Btolen pooket-book, and attempts to shoot himself, to "still bis agitated pu'eos for ; evermore," but is prevented by the living ghost of his old undo whose dead body he has robbed on tho sea shore. Now utter darkness sinks upon the scene, lighted up by tho candle S'icicd of some waitors in tbe Venetian hotel, upon whom the lawyer's clerk " glares with a frenzied oyo" " t , Up to this point all ¡is gloom and misery in '"Stella." But the editor nightmares have the good seneo to finish tho three volumes in a friendly way, after tho orthodox novelistic fashion. All the leading heroes, scam.s, and scoundrels get happily married, tbe roguish lawyer's o'erk carry- ing olï the great Cornish beauty as a pricey Those that are not launched in'o matrimony get a free- hold, more or lesB encumbered. with ghosts, on the Cornish sea- shore, open to tho blessed practice of spiritualistic seances. The editor- nightmares kw, t.«,«-..^.», t-w o»on - in thia onhlime fie^d ot spiritualism not all is truth, and that there aro impostors and false prophets even among mediums. Thus St. Aubyn is made to exclaim, " I i am but one of a numerous and powerful commu- nity which is split into two halves ; tho one dis in'orestoJ and self-sacrificing for the spiritual faith, I and tho othor interested and living by tho faith as well as /or it, and a great deal more by lhan jor. But oven the . business people of the mystio com- munity encounter mysteries that pass their dealings or their understandings. : For instance; now there is Valeria ; her power is genuine, as far asl can make it out. True, she and others adopt certa'n expedients ; but the odd part of the ira ter is that the real and the invented always mingle together whenever Vajeria performs. And her black slave, Dinah, who was her slave in . Amerioi, bas puzzled me many a time by her fetiches, dorived from her father nnd mother, who were kidnapped on the west coast bf Africo. . . . . . '?' Spirit-rapping, table lifting, ghos'.-raising, spirit-drawing, spirit music, and all the rest ot it, are produciblo and are produced by mechanical nnd scientific means, and by the aid of cohfcdera'es ; but they are also otherwise manifested, as I have often proved. lhere aro mysteries that may be explained, and mysteries that are quite past nil earthly explana- tion." "We fancy we have heard similar reasoning before this, and the adaptation of the argument by the author or editor of " i; teil»''seems to provo that this new explanation, of an old imposture has become a password of the believers iu ghosts and professors of spiritualism. -Saturday îteviao. 