PUNCH'S ALMANAC FOR 1864. Punch's Almanac is not a very costly produc- tion, but if Mr. Punch himself were called upon to estimate its value he would compare it to the air we breathe, to the light of heaven, to the staff of life, to every other necessary of exis- tence, and to every other " thing of beauty," which a poet, of course devoutly foreshadowing Mr. Punch, said was a "joy for ever." We hope, therefore, we shall be excused if, altogether discarding the threepenny view of Punch's Al- manac, we review that pretentious periodical not in the light of its market price, but in that of its literary pretensions. For whosoever might claim critical indulgence, it is not Mr. Punch who could, would, or should claim it. Now whether Lord Brougham did or did not say that Shakspeare was an over-rated man, we shall, regardless of whom we may offend, say that Punch is an over-rated mannikin. We allude at present, to the almanac. First of all, to come to the head and front of the offend- ing, the frontispiece — What can be more meagre of intellect or devoid of humor ? Zadkeil does contrive in his hieroglyphical picture to group together some half dozen ideas, probable or improbable; but what does Punch give as the ideal of 1864; the multum inparvo of a whole twelve months? Why the old, dull, stale, tame idea of a number of cooks, housemaids, and wo- begone nursegirls availing themselves of the traditional privilege of leap year, to coax, drag, and draw unwilling policemen, footmen, and flunkeys to a rose-festooned altar! This is literally all. Mr. Punch's prescience goes no further nor deeper into the future than to bring to light the great fact that 1864 is Leap Year, and that in Leap Year, ladies are supposed to have a special right to " pay their addresses." The magician Punch, wand in hand, stands over the fumes of his brazier and reveals the future of 1864, and this is its future. " Only this, and nothing more." So much for the page—the only page that gives colour to the misnomer of an " Almanac." The rest of the number might be called Joe Miller redivivus, or Stuff and Nonsense, or No Name, or whatever else might take the reader's fancy or Punch's want of it. But let us give a few of Punch''s annual jokes :— , "Substitute for Eau Sucree. —Take a quantity of slush, and sweeten it with charcoal." "A Beauty to Draw us with a Single Hair!— A Scotch Countess, whose ringlets we may say without hesitation are decidedly several nuances stronger than what is politely called auburn, is always priding herself on belonging to the hair- red- -tary peerage." " INCOG. —If a Male Fig took to literary composi- tion, under what signature would he write ? None; he would probably use a sheep-pen and remain an Ink-'og." "USEFUL FAMILY RECIPES. "To make Strawberry Jam. —Take two score of strawberries, British Queens, if you can get them, and the biggest you can find. Pick them carefully from their stalks, and place them on a clean dessert plate. Sprinkle them with fine white sugar, powdered in a mortar. Then take a dessert-spoon, and, if you are wise, proceed to eat 39 of them; after which, by simply placing the fortieth in the crevice of an open door, and violently slamming it, you may make jam of your strawberry to your heart's content." To Clean While Kid Gloves. —Soak them in boil- ing water for a fortnight, taking great care that the water is kept always "on the boil." Then make a good lather with brown Windsor soap and beeswax, and wash your gloves with it until you have reduced them to a pulp. Put them in a stewpan and keep them gently simmering on the hob for a month or two, then stretch them to your shape, and hang them up to dry. Perfume them with turpentine and a dash of assafoetida, and your gloves will be quite clean and fit for ball- room use. To make Bread and Butter go a long way.—Take a slice of bread and butter, place it in an envelope and post it to your cousin who is living in New Zealand. If you do this in London and it reaches him in safety, your bread and butter clearly will have gone a long way. To Remove Corns.— Cut away as much of your corns as you are able, then place your kitchen poker in the fire and, when it is white hot, apply it pretty freely to each corn in succession, until you feel quite certain that they are all removed. A Commercial Truth.—Money, like a boot, when it's tight, is extremely trying. DEFINITION. —The capability for describing from personal experience the highest points in a mountain ous region, is called, a Top-ographical knowledge. Ornamental Water.—The most ornamental water is that which has the most wavy curls playing round a quantity of pretty little ducks. Sept. 1. St Partridge and St. Giles.—ln honor of the former Saint the birds are peppered, and out of respect to the latter Giles Scroggin's Ghost is exhibited by Pepper at the Polytechnic, and walks the theatres. Of two hunchbacks of unequal height, which would you select as an arbitrator ? The one you'd call the hump-higher. Literary Notice.— Books for every Month.— The Banker's Book, illustrated with figures. CONS. FOB CIVIL SERVICE CANDIDATES. 1\. Why should you never expect to find hot Curacoa in a quart pot ? Because it would be the last common multiple (mulled tipple) in the greatest common measure, 2\. What is there extraordinary in the rules imme- diately following Proportion ? That they are infractions (in Fractions). HINTS ON HOrRE-HIRING. When you see a house to let, knock at the front door, and when the cook or housemaid opens it, chuck her underneath the chin, or prod her in the ribs, saying with great tenderness of feeling, " Karrrrrrrck!" Then fall violently in love with her, and at once demand a kiss, telling her, " O Maeery, I loves yer to substraction!" If she declines to let you kiss her, twitch off her white cap and stick it on your head, and then make faces at her till she screams and runs away, of course leaving the front door open. You may then enter the house, and, if you find it empty, take imme- diate possession, and show your right to do s0 by smashing all the furniture and flinging it out of window. Should the rightful owner show himself, and seem inclined to make remonstrance, pitch a pillow at him, or cover him with flour, and when he is half blinded with it, hit him in the bread-basket. If a policeman interfere, pick his pocket of his truncheon and hit him on the head with it; or if you prefer it, draw a sword from somebody, and cut off the policeman's head with it. Then you may live happy in the house that you have hired, until the ghost of the policeman comes at night to haunt you. Now, do any of our readers call the fore- going extracts "witty?" If so, we beg to say that we hope such readers will never trouble us with their witticisms. More senseless rubbish was never put into a printer's hands; 'and we do not wonder that people in England should con trast Punch of the present day with Punch when its pages were enlivened by the spark- ling fun of such men as Douglas Jerrold, Thackeray, and others who could dis- tinguish between wit and nonsense. The principal redeeming features in Punch are his occasional poetic effusions and his en- gravings. Tenniel's cartoons and Leech's do mestic sketches are always acceptable, and carry off the tamer insipidities of the wretched pun- sters who vainly strive to fill up the void left by the departed. The annually deteriorating Almanack is made saleable almost exclusively by the artist's touches of nature, which make " the whole world kin," notwithstanding the punster does his best, or his worst, to make the whole world sick. 