Cltlli. CON. OlSB. A ciim' can. cn-e which has -xciti'l ninuh :.n terest has l»een settle-l without. ;i triv), in (lie Court of QueciiV Bench, I-nlt!iii. It, w.is that of the Rev. T. Hennett agiiii^t C-puut Kmest da Luai. Mr Dennett is a clfrtrvimn i:f thu Established Chi\rch, and the defuinlunt (who h married to an elderly lady of cmisiil«riil-le wualth^ is son of a former Prusaiun nnihusj idnr nt the English Court, and a nnturaliaeii Irishman. JIn Reonett i* a woman of fr.iuiJerable peraunal attractions, and belongs to a very respi-otnUe family in England. She id mueh younger than her injured hu.'lianil, aud it is sa:J that it was while the Count was on a visit to Mr Uennetr, in the country, that the unfortunate connection commenced.. Her present whereahouls ure not j known to lier relatives. At the sitting of the Court of Queen's Bench, when the tune was called on, Mr Wtiiteni.le said that the Count de ] Lu*i was willing to sub;nit to n verdict of £1000 ? the sum which the court had obliged hint to lodge some months since, as security tliat he ; would defend the action. At that periol, on j the plaintiff showing tl.eie w.is leasunaUe ground for believing that tlie Count was about to quit Ireland, in order to cso'ipo the action, a writ was issued against him, -md he waa only enlarged on placing the above sum in the hands of thu court.— ? Counsel for Mr Dennett, in reply to Mr Wlnteside, said his client's first aud primary object was to. vindic ite Iih own char. acter, by allowing tli.it liu was not in nny way to blame for what had occurred : next to |-re* pate the way for ulterior proceedings in another court. Damages were no object to him. He would, therefore, agree on his behalf to the pro posal of Mr Wmtenide, which would save the harrowing details of the case from being at pre sent dragged prominently into light. By direc tion of the Court the jury found a vor.lict (or tl-e plaintiff with £1000 -lii.»»g-'S and GJ -:o-ts. Serjeant Sullivan nppliel to liu loilsliip that the money which had been lodged in conn should be paid over immediately to the rilaintirh —Mr Whiteside, Q.C. : Oil ye*, my lord, ror tainly. His lordship— take down ii rule — verdict for the plaintift oil all tlieis^uee, £1000 damages and 6d costs. Both side* had thu most able men at the bur engaged A Wmr Arcrdi8Hop. — ' Young YorrioV - cantributes to Notes and Queries some of the i witty sayings for which Archbishop Whnt«ly was famous in Dublin ; — ' What is the differ, ence,' he asked of a young clergyman he was ex amining, ' between a form and a ceremony ? The meaning seems nearly the satnu : yet there is a very nice distinction.' Vaiiuii* answers were given. -Well,' he *s&\, ' it lies in this — you set upon a form, but you stand upon cere* mony.' — 'Morrow's Library' is tlie Aludie of Dublin ; and the Ruv. Mr Day, a popular preacher. ' How inconsistent,' said the Arch bishop, ' is the piety of certain young ladies here. They gs to-day fur a si.Tuio.ti ami to- | morrow for a novel!' — Aj ii ilinniT party lie called out suddenly to the host, ? Mr ? !' There was silenoe. ' Air — -, what is tlie proper female companion ol this John Durry V After the usual number of guesses an answer came, * Aune Chovy.' — Doctor Gregg : -The new bishop and he at dinner. Archbishop — ' Come, though you ore John C «rk, you mustn't stop the bottle here.' The answer was not inapt — ' I Bee your lordship is determined to draw me out.' — Ou Dr Ku ? x's promotion to the bishopric of Down, an appointment in some quarters unpopular :— ' The Irish Government will not be able to stand many more such Knocks Dawn as this I' — At a lord lieutenant's banquet a grace was given ol imusu.l length. -My lord,' said the Archbiabop, *? did you ever hear the story of Lord Mulgrave'e chaplain ?' ' No,' said the lord lieutenant. '? A young chaplain had preaobed a sermon of great length, * Sir,' said Lord Mulgrave, bowing to him, ' there were some tilings in your cerinon of to-day I never heard before.' ? O. toy lord, said the flattered chaplain, ? it is a common tszt, and I could not have hoped to have said anything new on the suhjeet.' ' I heard the clock strike twice,' aaid Lord Mulgrave.' — At some religious ceremnuy at which he was to officiate in the country, a young curate who attended him grew very nervoua as to their being lite. * My good young friend,' said the Archbishop, ' I can only say to yon what the criminal going to be hanged eaid to those around, who were hurrying him, 'Let ns take our time; they can't begin without us.' A yonng lady of about twenty years of age, tbe daughter of one of the first Edinburgh families, eloped recently with a young shopman in a large establishment in PrincesMtreet The brother of the lady immediately followed them to London, but found on his arrival there that they had departed for Paris. He pursued them to the gay capital, and, aided by the authorities, discovered them in apartments in a fashionable hotel. Finding that hit sister would not come, be threatened tlie gay Lothario with personal chastisement, but. in attempting it, be was knocked down. The noise brought up tbe pro. prietor and others of the hotel, who carried off the fnttrate gentleman, and consigned him to the Mm «f tlA commissary of the polioe, who uc Wuntlea him with prison lolgingo, and from wUbjkMstda* be was only tvleased through the «9t*N&a;*r tbe yotwg fasMbaod, for it appear* 4« b»4 mrried the rw«g My {a Kdi..6urgi «KW»tk facto thtlrd )«*!«». The lady ban aft «Mpb- fortesw atbar ?wodispo-tal, aud it U ?vdllt waa the IbWnlitti M. W fiamiM t« ««J her to M Msi gatn- g«eml, *^U knowu in thu ftHwwiHiUft and the pmitieU* rf eo»m Icrable A FlnCK^nr^MBKR. — ' Sal'y, I've n -weel* hfsr\ pitch a nice yonnjr man ! he i» in a f.ro f«~«inq ?' ' Oh, Jrmiinn ! don't nse f-nch wicke-l wnjA»' ' It ai»'t a wicfc»-i wnrl »t nil, Sn'Jv, it's a l-ii-'in«w.' Bn«inp»!-, Jemim* I what bn' «inr»4 V * Oii«', Sally, what it i«. U begin' with FT.1 ? f know, Jemima— it's « hofficer.' 'No, it niu't, (hnugli ; it's snmothing tmieli I ettorthnn an hor-ifi-r.* Then it's n hnrnngn niprclmnt— fiat's it, Jemima .' * Oil, you bate fill thinp— to think of any thing so wu.lg.ir ! He is ii hock* sioneor,' ? You're Fair. JfiBj.'— A young lady from the rural districts of Hotnieiloom, lately visited Chiago with her bran. Gutting into a city rail road car fir the first time, rhe took her R -nt, while her lever planted hi urelf on the p'.atf inn with the diiver. Very »;w-n the cindunbir be gan to collect fnrp, and n|-proicliini{ the rustic inuitU-u. Uc niJ, ' Your fare, n'Us? 'Ihu Mmisiur rofelni'l ollon-ed a delic.ite pink to in mi. fe-t itsi-lf on her chi-ek*, and loul:e-l down in soft ciinfii'iin. The conductor wa* rather ns tooi-licd nt tliw, but ventured tci reni.uk once morp — « Yottr fari», miss ?' l'hi- timu lh« pink dpi-|nvicd tn c.iniatio i as t!:e rnitie replied— 'Will!, if I nni (inoil.liinkiii.' ymi hadn't ouglit t» jay it cut Itniil afore folks !' 'Qukkii Upitaphs.— .On a tomb-tone of Peir how, in M'tiiniouthi-iliire, on a mule cauher — 4 More lies William Tandy, He was very bandy, To c.ituh a iiiole In every hole, At last the mole ought Tandy.* In the cl.urcyard of St. Wollus, in the tame county, on a prize fighter— ''ilrru Jies Will Charted Host ; Wh«, like a Ghost, Always won mid never lost. A man nf fame, A 'iian of gnme. Who died hi.nself not tn It ive a bad name' MiLLJNKRt' Assi-TAM-i. — I presume few of my readers have not, at some time or nther, viuiled the show rooms of one of the Urgo CibIu' ouahle liiiNi Hrnpere and silk meroere, nnd soen with w!iat n degree of elegfinco and good tnste their female assistant are dressed, e*puci.illy the chief among then-, and wondering ut thu same time wlut must be the amount of their salaries to cover such an outlay on drees. Those wlui so wonder, then, will probable be not a little 6urpri-ed to Iwnr that such chesses are, in t'rie majority of cases, the property of the estab lishment, s.-pplied for the use of the young peoplo during ' business hours only.' These drjsses are replaced by new ones every three month'', when the old ones have to be given up. Think of this, then, reader*, whenever in such show rooms you are tempted to exclaim, ' What an exquisite figure that girl is .' ' or, ' How stylishly So-and-so's girls always dress! what large salaries they must havu ! ' Some few there may be. indeed are, win pay adequately, leaving the young people to provide their own dresses, according to the regulations of the hou«e, but these ure the the exceptions — the others the rule. A very few ye.irs ago there liv.e.d a lady at lironiptou, keeping a very nice cirri age, and niHsi'Ssiug uUo a I urge collection uf very valuable pictures. This lady owned a large millinery, ilre^m. iking and lace est tUltshment, in Regent/ street, and u Minil.ir one at — , liesides occu pying also large space in the Crystal Palace, at Sydenhaiii, when; she exhibited most cuoily porcelain and other articles of vertu. Shu wan extremely particular that nil her attendants in her show rooms bIioiiII dress nicelj and in g'od taste, and pnid them suitably ; but she required nothing extravagant or what could be cunstrued as nniiiited to their positions. A* to herself, die wilt thu personification uf plniiim^s in bur dress; indeed, it was the common remark that ' to look at her no one wo-.ill suppose she could change a ahiliiiig.* She died suddenly, and wliec her will wjs o|Kiiied it was fiiuml to contain a clause that lier biMly Khuulil be buried in point lace ; a com* mand which was duly o.trried out by her exec ulors. During the lady's life- time it was no un frequent thing for her to tell I.er coaohman at night, ufter he had conveyed V.w to her villa at Brompton, to have the carriage ready by six the next morning, when bhu would drive with all Hpceil to her Uegent Street house, (cf course quite uulooVed f'.T at so curly an hour) to see that her young people were all at tbeir duties; for bhe w.is h;iui!ti ! perpetually hy tho one idea that every one about her sought to rob her, and the very fact of their not beisg at work at sis n.m., during the. busy season, she construed into a species of robbery. She died possessed of very large property, a portion of which she left to a cliurcli at Brompton, and to one or two charities. Having never married, Bhe left her business, stuck, &c;, to her first hand, a French womau, who had already mirried a travtller from a large wholesale city house. — A teaton trtM the Dressmakers, in the Englishwoman* Journal. What England could no for tub Danes. — The Army and Naty Gazette observes that should political events render it necessary to send an arn.y to the assistance of the Danes, we could send out a moBt compact and efficient force. 1 Our troops as a body were never in better con' ditiou to take the field. We have now in the United Kingdom, in addition to the household brigade 'and depots, seventeen regiments of cavalry, fifty batteries of ortillery, ten troops of horse artillery, and thirty-eight battalions uf in fantry. In the aggregate the strength of the artillery may be roughly put down as 12,000 men, the cavdlry 0000, and the infantry 33,0U0 or 53,000 altogether. One-half of this force placed beside tbe Danes would nee the Austro Prussian army on the louth sidn of the Dinne1 werk for a period far outlasting the patience of their hut compatriots. The household troops at home number nearly 5000 men, and after send iugout 25,000 men of all arms, we should havi a good reserve in them, in the 28,000 now funn ing regiments, and in the 152 regini«ntil depots.' The United Service Gazette of to-day has tbe following paragraphs ; — ' We have been in formed on good authority that the Secretary uf State for War on Monday afternoon received in structions from the Privy Council to t«ke a supplementary war credit of about two millions to meet expenses in case of hostilities between this country and Germany.— Tiie following corr.s have received orders to prepare to euihaik fur Copenhagen, vis., the I lth Hussars at Richmond Barracks, Dublin; the 15lh Ilussars, at New bridge; the 1st Battalion I Oth Begiiueut, at Kilkenny ; 1st Battalion 11th Regiment, and Battnliuu 12lb Regiment, at Dublin.' — Daily ATewtf November 4 Padut'h Claim fob, Exemption.— A drafted Irishman called upon one of tbe Federal lawyers Ltoly nnd tlonrud to have paper* prepared, oitiuiwg exemption fro'n military service for «ev-ml reasons which he named. 1 — That he »aa tlie only eon of a widow dependent u|wu hiiu fur eupjKjrt. 2. — That his father was ia Mien lunrni health as to be unable to get his own living. 3. — fhat he htd two brotben already iu the sci viw. Tw'i (Icon QoALTTn?'.— FmgdHy in«w4,4f; libernlity nn j.iihfd with it. Tlie (ir«t w JfJ*. ii'g of tmppifltton* e*p-iiv« ; the last i* ItMjbiirin; tliwn t» the Ix'ncfit «f others tint ner4. ^ TJift firat withnnt *.he last begets urivetmivnpss ; the l.-i»t withmit the fir-t Iipgoti prodigality. Bo'h make mi «-xcell*-it »empi-r. lUppy the pltce where they are fittind. — * Wi liam Penn.' Qoqtimo THK ScaiPTURiw.— In a certain vil lago lived ? yery honest tinier, who having a nnmhor of tnen^hoeing in n fiel-t, w«it to ape haw bis work went on. Finding rate nf them fitting upon a stone, liu reproved him for idleness. The man iinswered ' I tbirat for the tjuril' You are very apt at quoting Scripture, BuiJ the farmer ; ' and I wish you were as ready in obey its in— juiiotionx. Recollect the tuxt, * Hoe. every one that thirs'etb !' ' It is needless to add tlurt the inuu i ? ledintely resinned his labor. 