THE BIDE OP A WOUNDED BRIGADE. (Correspondent of the Chicago Journal.) I They vere loaded upon the train; two platform cat« were paved with, them, forty OQ a car... Seven boxes were so packed you could not eet your foot down among them as they lay. The roofs of the cars were tiled with them, and away we pounded, all day, all night, into the next morning, and then Nash ville. Half of the boys bad not a shred of blanket, and it rained steadily, pitilessly. What do you think of platform 'cars for a triumphal procession wherein to bear wounded heroes to the tune of " The Soldier's Geturnfrom the War?'' But the stores of the Sanitary Commission and the gifts of such ladies as are now, I believe, making your city a Bethel-a place of angels-kept the boys:' hearts np throng!) all those weary, drizzling hours. It is midnight, and the attendants are going throng I) the train with coffee, graced wich milk and sogar-think of that-two fresh, white, crisp crackers apiece, and a little taste of fruit. Did your hands prepare it, dear lady? I hope so, for the little balance io your favor set down in the ledger of God. Here they come with a canteen ; will you go with : them? Climb through that window into a car as i black aa tbe Hole of Calcutta. But mind where you step: tho floor is one layer deep with wounded soldiers. As you swing the lantern round, bandages show white and ghastly every where; bandages, ban dages, and now and then a rusty spot of blood. What worn-out, faded faces look up at youl They rouse like wounded creatures hunted down to their lairs as you come. The tin cup« extended in all aorta of hands but plump, strong ones, tinkle all around you. Ton are fairly girdled with a tin- cup hxrizoo. How the dull, pale faces brighten aa those cops are 6lled! On we go, ont at one window, in at another, stepping gingerly among mangled limbs. We reach tue platform cars, creaking with their drenched, chilled, bruised burdens, and I must tell you-it's a shame though-that one poor fellow among them lay wi LU a tattered blanket pinned round him; he was literally tans culotte. "Hoar is tUi»?" I «aid. "Haven't got my descriptive list that's what's thc matter," wes the reply. Double allowance all round to the occupants of the platforms, and we retrace our steps to the rear of the train. Tau should have heard the ghost cf a cheer that fluttered like a feeble bird, as we went back. It was thc moat tonchmg vote of thanks ever offered; there waa a little flash up of talk fora miaute, and all Bub cidtd into silence and darkness again. Wearily wore the hours and heavily hammered the train. At in tervals the guards traversed the roof of the cars, and polled in tli ? worn out boya that bad jarred down to the edges-pulled them in toward the middle of the cara without wakiog them! Occasionally one slips ovtr the eavee, I am told, and is miserably crushed. What a homeward march is all thia to set af noe to! By some error in apportionment there waa not quite coffee enough for all on deck, and two slips of boya oe tbe roof of the car where I occupied a corner where left without a drop. Whenever v e stopped, and that was two hours here and three hours there, waiting for this and for that-there was no hurry, yon know-and the side-door was slided back in its groove. I saw two hungry faces, stretched down over the car's edge, and beard two feeble voices cry ing-" We have had nothing up here since yesterday noon, we two-there are only na two' boys-please give os something. Haven't you got any bard tack?" I heard that pitiful appeal to the officers in charge, sod saw those faces till they haunted me, and to day I remember those plaintive tones as if I «ere hearing a dirge. I felt in my pockets and haversack for a cracker, bat found nothing. I really hated myself fur having eaten my dinner and not eaved it for them. A further search was rewarded with six crackers from the Chicago Mechanical Bakery, and watching my chance when Fete'a back was turned-tbe cook, and a smutty autocrat was Pete io his way-I took a sly dip with a basin into the coffee boiler. As the car gave a lurch in the tight direction, I called from the window, "Boys !" i iie&rd; thtra crawling to the edge, handed np tbe midnight tupper, " Bully for yon," they eaid, and I «aw tbem no more. When the train reached Nash ville, and I clambered down to solid ground again, I looked up at the roof; it was bare. God giant the boys are with their mothers to-night. And how do you like the ride of the wounded brigade? THE RICHMOND PRISONERS.-The Richmond cor respondent of thc Atlanta Appeal describes a recent visit to the Hotel de Libby. He found the passages and ante-rooms of the prison piled up with boxes and bales of clothing and provisions which had just been received from the North by a flag of truce. Upon ascending to the upper stories of the building occupied by the prisoners he saw the greatest pro fusion of cornions and luxuries in the way of proton* that even a riotous imagination could conceive. Hauii, smoked beef, Bologna sausages hung from the rafters; tin cans of potted meat, oysters, sardines, Breen peas, &c.;, were arranged on shelving against the sails; while the finest pippins rolled along the. loora. Immense packages of new publications, »et» of chessmen, backgammon baxeB, &c;, »hfch had apparently jost been opened for iUtribation, proved that the Yankees did not intend tbeir unhappy brethren should die of ennui. The prisoners themselves vere variously occupied, some tying at lall length on the floor, deeply involved in tbe tragic incidents of Miss Braddon'* novels; others playing whist and euchre, or deeply pondering the gambits; others asleep; others again, eating tbeir dinners. Brigadier General Niel Dow was lapping JjP the soup furnished by the prison cook with évi tent s&lUlac;ünn. Ono man only was reading the Bible. All looked in fine health, and seemed re markably cheerful-. Major Turner informed the 'riter that several of the officers of the highest rank bad handed him a statement which they had volun tarily drawn ep, denying in the fullest and strongest Dittmer the inramou* lies about Confederate cruelty vliich have recently been circulated at the North. . FREKCH WEATHER PSEDICTIOKS.-The predic tions »Uh respect to the weather to be found in tbe «Li f_i. » renell almanacks are sometimes very curious, "hat of 1631 says that according aa the year conj .Mnces on a 8iinday, or a Monday, or a Tuesday, the *inter will be severe or mild, the spring fine or cold, the aaromtr hot or rainy, the autumn wet or dry, .¡ne will be dear or cheap, the crops abundant or bad.certain diseases will prevail or disappear. Ac cording to other predictions of the «ame period the »«ather which prevails at the beginning of the year fdicttea that of certain months of the ".nw year. Thu» the weather un the first « Janaary indicates that pi the month of AngBit, the and of January predicts that of Septem jw, the 3rd that of October, the 4th that of Novem ber, the 5th that of December. The following is a .nt af the moat severe winters from the most remote Pttioda. In 358, 763, 801. and 822, carts crossed the Seine on the ice. In 1067, 1210,1305,1354,1358, 'Wi, 13B4, nos, the rations of wine for the army «ere cut with a hatchet. In 1420 the winter was V*y cola. FT,! commenced the last day of the yeer ' «2 and laated three month«. Tue years 1 i |w>, 1498, iso;, and I52ä are mentioned as having W8f' eieeaaively cold. Io 1544 wine froge in tue In 1600, leos, 1(31, and 1628 the winters Tery aevere throughout Europe, as well aa in MTj Ud 1657. In 1662 and 1663 the frost lasted T "tis from the 5th of December to the 8th of "«ta. lt wu ¡a 1685 the thermometer was first ^P'ojed to n easure the intensity of heat and cold. « that year the thermometer marked 212 deg freeting point i in 1709. 3Q-1 deg ¡. in'171% J*' «KI in l?2j, 15'3. In 1740, the Seine was «»plMelj froten. In 1743, 17 deg j in 1747, 18'6 » 1770, 10 I deg; 1771, 13 6 deg » 1776. 19-1 PH^uie frost lasted SS days; 1783, SO deg, the frost 2*M 69 days; 1788.32 deg, a terrific winter; 1796, Í»» deg, the frost lasted 42 days ; 1798,17 deg, 32 ia?"?' tKmt s 18l9« W¿«8î I820« w'3 °*B » ,82S' Itu 4?' U30>i6-3 deg. the Seine was froren; Er?T* Ww of December, the day of the'arriva! 7J~ jHWetw' Napoleon^ remains in. Paris, 1' 1 wen we have had nb Teri :WT<W 