\- MISCELLANEOUS"' 'r a The SouithAustraliun M~Ilntyhliav resihgnd. They were defeated on, MrtStow's waut' f I1 confidouec motion, by.ao,majoiity'of fivef; I: h SFlour is dill i"' Adelaide, while in Sdoeoy it t oais declined £2 peort ., a . '!The'Bible esicietieo'of' South'Aiistri?lia hav earried a reosoltiotn, requestion? ChiefJisttice Hanson to resign the preeolentahip, because of his views on religion expreaed in ,hias;hte leoturo'.. (R&sOeasonnis; EutiY.- o havl received a communication fromn:aleonnection of the hlite Mr. William Sykeq,wishting,td know, as ab. t. glar, when his vocatioun isto be pursued 1 For, says he, Mr.Justico\Villiams expatiated, n strongly upondlie herirnlity of Messr'. kWoods d and Co..iolbhtig th"i ?tik -bbydityliglit, whilo v other jldges bhave.commntouted forcibly upou o the cowardly practice of "crniokiog cribis by y night,apd .whepopploaro.asluoeep and inocap abl'of :leof defingthoriuelvos;' Our correeolao. t dent wislies to belinformed which is the proper bitrglary hour i It has got tobie done some howv, and heo would likey thu.judges to agreo' updn tliosIibjlL--AfclbOurne Ptunho..,l 1, Y HyPoenoONDaA. t-Tholefemoralt det la Loire a relates the following :--' Two or three' d'ad ago0 a re?iecttiblybdreasedmmtinttlf atioit fify c called olu a well-knowvn mediat lma, nt' at'. f Eienno, and, said, " I am a buider, by tnrde; and in" 'akhing y edoltli ti m te'a etiin meoi obliged todrinkmrather too frebly. F;iding ayself lately indisposed il consequence of those excesses, ,Iwos advised to apply to M.E X ' of Cax, vlo had, I was ; told, a secreto of aovoroigu eficdey j?u astch dces. I followed thLe reco?mineniatio' eand took'rthO rood,, 'wliiclh consisted of a white poder donue'p'in ' ismall1 ptckets, but instead of being cuidd I flindInadt i poisoned, I have been toldt this morniugthat a the remidy'is aii?iic.' ' Yes,?ir,;.cototiihcd 1 the speuker with, great violonco'I ainmr pibsed anid already to'day I laudrode violent' a [tttch'l WhVilospeakifig his couiienoance' changed,'his breathintg became heavy, and throwing. himself 'bdck iu a chatir, ho, exelaihed;, l'm going to hlov',aoth'erLi=I'th'dyteg-lielp !'help) The dooer wenout towards him and' fodild that' ho was deed. t"iThei body .was conveyed? to Jthb' Hotel Diet, Whore a post ?dorictqa examintatioi psoved that the man died from paralyisiof the pectoral muscles, brought o byjvIolentmit producdedtbiy a dbsoased tned igutiatlo 'jN raceo'bf poion existed. The whitepbd aoalysed, agd .t urted out.to bhe,' I toitreetiio tet simply sutgar oft, illklais completly irrlnalees siibstotie ' ' :IfLis ,L:t q ?:*.r. .,-, =Apear treelin theprleincipal thorouh farb of tlihovillage of Wooltohnproduce j last year the extraordinary number of E 2,4')0 . ,'r ,nlnd, to' all appearance, is c likely to e~cced. that number the preserit Osu li ay-Mi l 11' sthdnoter great reoaping scene Iforlministers' moiioy:took placc tin'Hilh- t ?streeto, Edinbhrghi : :lTen thousand persons were present. Two hundred polico were; out, anudtheo, militaryinvreadiness. The, fýord.Proivost's earsage was stopped and t named Catherine ,ceylaghKiiti iusdes'- fisv c yeSdf-l n%-k, re6nomiiistted siicde aiit Droa-j lshair; by:l?anging herself with:a rol from t aitree inafronti'of:lth rosidoneo bfa.yofing maletamed;Tinimony, ?ith whomn it ap p pears she had been for aconsiderable time mnadly, buthioPelhsslyin ýos-:de -,' i A' correspondent of the Age, asks, if it i was .rcally, a .buck: tlin:a? a sered' as , venis?e ht' the' Accliuin'tissation Society's 'diffg rihi lhli'dd'bdeei iisaured that it was onlya- billy-goat, -but-that- the carcase, I when rece ivod by. r,Scott, rwas accom- 1 panied b ' hr ib olblo ad of hdrns." The 1 qIuestion is one we ceanot answer; butwe I fertdb keis too good.to. bo tr'ru:. Biiilt'E E oTRan omainui'.- This -last wveeli'w liavd lind two' cases of liigamiy broughwbunaoer'otiu ideo eetich'possessing peculiar 'natures.-'wEho one ease in whiclh a ,mnianr ii ? briies" ' ice withiin teih- bboks,: and that, too, 'on,eaclr occasion: at West bury, by. the Wesleyan and the Churclh ministers;.andithoe other case it is re verscd-tld io'l~ hii'mlarrisd the man or lad, for he is but ?inefteon years of ago, her first hliiisb'id. beiiig'ali e' amid sender going" a enteniico for d?frgdry-' at Port 'Artliu-.--sauneeeton uEiidsmner, July 19. .,/Tho;Age of FFiiday says.lr. Grantlieas at last accepted the, olicoeof.President:bof the Board ofiLaud;and Works, vacant .by th" death of'Mr.:. lhlcs,-hut, for ;the prscitlit;'will: ircl~lk' tak' kthe positi of Actiig' Pidscident :in oireito' ?ive the country tino e.epenso 'if an ieletiion, tlie 'i general election being so near at hand.'Tn , the- meantime, the. business-of the Bail ways and Roads and Bridges department ' will be attendcil-to by Messrs. Francis and Sullivan; the, fornior takin??gharge,of the, i'aili';;i, and thb6 littbi of tho roads anid bridges. ., •tTh HITeFialdb of riddy? sa?s thl? " seri ous-efforts are being made to. obtain ai commutation of.the sentetice passed upon Harrison, anda'ejiettion tbothat effect lens been prepared and, vas yesterday handed round for' isntur, inceu-his condem iaetidn Harrisoin. .lihas been:' isited; at the Mdlbboihneo gaol liy several m'edical gentle= s men. A meeting of the Executive Couhn : cil.'?will io? 'held onii?Mbnday at which j probably; some decision as to the ultimate fate of the convict will-bo'arrived at." -An Otago. papr,communicates thoe fol lowing piece of gossip pertinent to d?well known mdioiieocalist:- ' Thatcher has been- offering .himself- as- a candidate for civic honours. ina-lAuckland, but, however muich thslid iirgesses may ap preciatehim in his professional.capacty, tldy do "iia, ppenr,'to think as highly of hliigii' as. a arepresenthtive "for he 'was. defeated ytn' a raitheri ignonious, manner. No doubt, had hb got'n seat, the public there -would-have-had a string of civic sketches . whiiclthe artist would 'then have had x triaordinl nyopportunities for'drawing." i , Ai very sadlfeeling.of exeiteinent was eoccasioge?l throughbut-the city-yesterday by the intelligence of the decease of Mr.?. S. aurice, the commision~ merchant, a gentloman muchc...esteemed by a large circle of friends.:? Thlo.last that was soon in life of the deceased gentleman,, who lived at SouthYarra was by a-servantan tihe pccediing6viehiiin, iat a laif'hohr,-who leflthim roading-inhnsi roome, lapparonitly in fll health and spirits. On calling him.. y6isterday d~imoirigiig t tIte accustomed hour, and receiring ;nolresponse to the summons, the domestic entered the apart-. mino, andifound:,Mr.i'latarice strdtched on the floor, shot through the libartby'a pistol-ball ! i A pistol lay;orithe floor5 at.a firther corner of the room. The cause of this melahnelioly. ove t will doubtless be ascertained at tihe iniudost; tb:bo held this ti day.- tscicia; 22id Julvy.i : -' ':7 IA meeting of the- flols'.e fonument Committee was li?hd at.thoe echauics' In- n stitute, Melbourne, on,tho.12th, athih i the R1eWM. JMiiurmspreisided , Tho socro thar ithttd'thiatcii-cuilar~i n'd sulsci-tion- a lists had been distiilibutCd iii thq? stiburbs and also fdrivarddd'to various parts'of tlio eblony;; 'and, as an instance of wht miglit i bebaccomiplished,,by -sm?ll, subscriptions, t he mentioned that a member of committee lhad collected a sumni of £10 from one es tablishi?aen ii'tlhe city. "Sevoral 'omma nicatidois'rbeoiuced'sinc nlast meeting, - d pressing views favourabl'fo" th?minove- g ment, were also read, and 'some additional t names were placed on tho'committeeo-list It was .intimated that a public 'nieting oi the subject, convened by .tlho Mayor V of Brunswick, would- be held in ~thatc bbrough next week. a C.0ardinal Wiseman has issitud' a 'sdi- . what remarkable Pastoral, iri ·ihiich' he r dealsl'at- lenith iith iEssays anid;Rb views,' Dr. 'olenso's book; the ,judgment of the Privy Council on the appeals of Dr. a Williamns and (fr...W Wson,';and the ,visit of Garilialdi to :Eglad:." .H puts all c tliesestogethi r as indictinihat England isnotting aside " the doctrmisnof reoverla tion." Dit". Cdolnso'hns'" taken 'lib'irties I wiith MYoses, an'd-tlioe riivy Council hIas sidnctiodoed:tlhbhroesibs of ,Dr Willhuiis t aRid Mr.- Wilson, but ".no Synod has been cdnvolced to condemn .,doptrines more false and fatal 'than tliose Aif Anrius; no sword of the Spirit drinii, isfnot to smite the blaslljdine rs, 'dut;but his lifectims sore? nd i?eoinbihid 'ansetion iff It halt seaemndd'good t?o:tho Hbly 'Ghost and t nis,' in' fini, no decisivo, irroeocabloii au'thbri tativo declaratidn? br reassortion i of;'ddc trine,ontho twovitalidoctrines.ofoSrip' tiral. inspirhtion, ,and ,t, totrnity ,of, psinishmint.'e:, And to itdd to t;lhe uilt of all thib;'EfilibuHh lih areh'di' hid"'ob.livb bdwed th'~knee,'; while nglish piieartdn mid priests have done homago to the man wo a ,couple. oftyears; ago,-remnihdad Eiglandl th?tFPranc whlichl, at a former ii h 'gi-r' n to.tite world thIe ?odss Ri''hi,';" is nos'w direoting' " libe; ily of fo'rh tb stl thedit't -ns bs fthe todiiji'?l f lnoasohitiathisidu'oain imoiral io? 'n.robitfi tlihePpaoy;:ytil'" Ohipi,?t pity: llntldast,'f n6t.-worsoe,!:: wiidsip u is Em?inisce, ' thati saoasjevt1ioal shobuld liavbhcben exhibite'd ,to ,:pglandi:at thea:time, the mnombt; whon severy onorgy, ofeveryland shidmild buipot fnrthi not to dallywith, but crush,.; the spirit, however emlbodied,: n infldeljt?;bs'?-li'b?di~loyalty " • ', ' ,.I :0? [ ,/, i~r ,; I . "I 'u~,? just rejected- an:iii;ittiodl ade by tlie government to admit to that body persons of.the? Jewish.religion: '.+'. ' The' Portland Gtuadiana has h e?nlin forimed'n tliit ' nearly 100 -persons in tlhe borough of Portland are dis'u-lified thirogh non-payment of.rates, to vote for uiebmbrs of Assembly ao the neit general electibn. ' ..,:., . Tlhp Brissels jonails,;enii on i that thereais hiaing ai Villiera le Gaxmbod. Ii 3Bolgium,a.woman, named Bourretainbour, aged:103... She enjoys.all her:faeulties;is able to road without glassoesandl recently1 joined in a dance during' theblast"fetoe in the village. - i 'At- a recent- meetin of tih'Plioto-; graplic Society of Scotland Mr:Brotlhers ropteod as the result "of "fii'nxderi?inht tlut in fifty secbnds, isith tlioti magnesium liglt,'lhe obtaiifed a" good, negative copy of ?an enigraving, 'the copyl being, mad? in a tdarkened room. Another:i copy: was 'made in the usual way in daylihlit, and in fifty secondsthe .result was,+agout ebqu'al toi the negative - takerin by the artificial light.[ The sun 'saishiniug' bhutttharo `'was a-good deal of fog in the atsiibspolisre. In a letter on transportatiod,wi-ittln to tb A qu:rucs, in which, the wiito'te' osbn'gl? adverdptes" the retucrneor all' ticb'-'df-lolave nmen to Eigland. He makestlio folloiving appropos iremark--" We ought to send at east the 'iumberi we are -nowc receiving, but I see no reason; to: limit- ourselves: to that. The numbers are.nobtnaterial; ioh?. ever, for if half a dozen are knoirni' t'gfo . alltthd crimes committed 'ii' Englasdfwill' in 'si?months he'attributed to thlinm' i At fa meeting of the Aecliniatisation Soeicty, lelt at St. Kilda Inst. wek,: fr. James Smsith 'road a paper" entitled ' England's Debt to A?climritise-rs.', Ie' etiii'ided those uho regarded cclimatisa-' tion as " tie newifangled.hiobby of. arfew erotchety .enthusiasts,". that itinhad been practised in England for a period of .1,200 years i and showed that, prior! to i'tle 16th century, England was almost :desti tute of flos crs, fruits; and vegtalibles. The eniterprise and forethought f, tlie a's climlatisers of tholl5th' century, said MDi. Snmith,"iad mainly made England the pie turesqgis girdoenit now ias ; dlid'hio' rged ulion the present generation.in. Australia thloduty ofconferringSdimilar obljigations uponthe .futureo generations who weor'to inhabit this country. . . .. a . :.' Another instance-of-the possibility of pidinghiip'antiquiarian treiisures'ieven 'iri Melbournewas given thB other day, when Mr. E. Howitt was;enabledto purcliase from si ec'nd-hanld bookseller in Bourke street, se;oaral. rareocoing,:.the. price' bf which ':as.,set down .it a :miro- trifle. Among thoni-?rasa rerhdrkable siler' coini; issued by Juba II.,: a king: of Nuntediii who attaching himself to Poijtpeys'fecautse, was overcomne by '' ulihsis Cisar; ?and brought to tohii';to grice thalit cobliimbor's tAiriupl. Heo was ,afterw ards g!ivi the kingdom of Mafuritania by Aiu g stis.? A small bronio coin, iith 'na Roman lhiod on the obverse:iand a:;beautifully, developed reverse, represqnting,a.chariot and horses, were also ...purchased... Mr. HoIitt's brother purchased; recently,, in thei sam' way, ailt at-a n erysmal'l^cost,;a ety~a of 'Edward this Confessor.? .i - The Argcieof tlie 19tli,h 1 speaking of this Melbourne flo?0s; says?-""The Yarra is once, morn in fl;oo':dSt Xildairoad is Sipassable, Sandridge andi:Emeraldi.Hill a islandri in a brown scn,.iarTdithta.iti nii: factories that have lately sprcng'.into existence on the southern bartilof the river are swamped.; .Three, days' of rain have swollen thlo river only to a less]height than it attained in :the greatistorm<' of December last. We have to thank a for tunate:shiftof wind, and the clhannls:thoe tkirra made for: itself in its lastgreat ont-' break, that we are not now called upon to report the- occurrenco'of/inofl : ovoro losses: th'ani,;tb " far "'i have beenexp 'e SThle Pastoial Time ucs :'I:-,' fr. O'Shanassy,, ,duringliis stay latel t at Warbrecctanhear hIenihlicqus, expressd d himself in,a,very creditiable manner on the ?Reveriif question.' While: admit ting that his proclivit: w3rore in favour of I annexation:of ,the :;teverine provitncec tb Victoria, ihe istnted:;distinctly.':that:. he would. pot in any '?ayinterfere; but'allow theo BRoveriiners Itdo wodrk lonut their' iown redemptiou. A very worthy conclisidon rind an example wort'y-of being followed liby some of our einterprising neighbours in Victoria, w ho;taeli such a lively and'dis interesteres interest 'i our movement." SThe trialgf Christophler,;Harrison., for thie wilful' inurder of James Marli ,took placo yesterday, in.the Supreife Court, before Mr:Justiceo Williams.cThe ovi donee showod thatHiarrison had been very' grossly ill-treated; butiitrriaseqiualleclear thatnho 'had` proincditated ithso' rmu'rder, shbuld liis victim prrsist'in'? thli ebiduict he' laid iidopted: 'A"'double'line 6fddcfnco waas'etupby counsel firstly ptluiit'ths'' crime only aiounited to manslaughter ; and secondly, tlih tliougli, Harrison knew right froimn rong,.yet he imadbeen,goaded into a frame of mhind which made it:ini possibloefor'him.to choose betireen:themn A number ofnmedieal,.gentlemenwereion attendance, for thelo purpose of giving their opinions, pro and con, on thl insanity'int question ;;but?zM?r. Irolanhd` deeme'd': it more advisable td let thq ase go :to: the jury: oii thh 'ovideifc' of thiso occurrence given by. theoCrdoi"in 'lie j?idgo, hiwevoer; stated that'theo' Cism could ihdtle ?oieddicb?l to nianmslailiter,"as th!ie lass dwere friined td lin eant sucli acts as the prisoner had cbmmitted, even, thlol gh pro?;ked "by giross ill-treatment. And :as to? the insanity, if a m.aani knoew: the . casoneo quueices which would- flodw from hirs deeds;, and was awairo that they wore contrary.tohumnn and diiine laws, ihewas responsiiblb for his actioiis:' Tlioi jiry wseoro net long in .deliborating: They. fodu~nid thlis 'prisoner guilty, vith a recoin ncindatien to mercy, and sentence of death iv~rasassell upon him,. The prisoner iwas. sery. restless in.the early part of the trial; and seemod indifferent to thie proceedings bhtua question he suggested to 'dio of theo I witnesses showed that hlis isas payinfig at tgitioumtob'thei eoyidaio; a':. nd ws apsn t' so insane n s his' ionse? otild :lehd the jsr; Sto ifiiengii:," it h;'' uo?ler' tinoehe com-. pblamed of,: aliadiqho sand trembniblhng in his limlis, snd asked nIernission :to 'bo sated, which thei judge ,granted, .:After thie juyar had returned their: verdict he gave full seooe to his passionsascus`ed thd Board of Li~niand. Iorkso , and' pirticu l arly: defiouniced thd.idbedild in no nimen sured terms and ooniluld bi: byayin he wrantbdnd mo mrbcy oul w:s~iired: y' "'ioto. 'die lIlce'a'iitnif.A-d',lesid, TihT~duday, 11-th.( ,. i? The portion of the" Reistrar-Genera': Statistical Reports to Parliimenit'relatl to the Civil Establishliment oftlie Coloin ofi~rictoriah for the yca'r 1863 was'issueil yesterday. 'The cost of :tliis" doicument which extends over, ll4 pages, is stated r ".: ,£82 18s., which is for printing ilone.-- Asiii; 19th Jsuly. Later intelligence from Auckland fhi reached us by tlio intercolonial telegSri~b. fromd Sydney. TheTauranga natives hail el9cted a ne?'emilithi?rc!iief in 'the roo of itatsrir who a8 ouir readers fill remein lier was k:illeu at TeoRLiigga" Beyond.tliij, the news is of little interest. . " Accordinig to a 'i?ragraph i an the:!Mote :ainee, the nWood s'Point Qiuartz :inin' Comipany during"last weekcr;` ' ushed '' obdides :o gold. 'Th sinie journal iiilder stands that, to avoid confilsion;:Emeral 1 Hill nill lshortly." he re christened, aniA named; Sinclair Stins.' ' A Bonidrum lin beene going th'roui of society' in Lonidon. It runs thus - I M? 'irnt expresses numbers :'fy secodbii Smanifies, numbes ; my third uiultilplie number's a.and my 'lholo'destrovs'nuun bers. :The solutioii of tlh riddleis fsoinn i id the word =Colensio. 'The T aniboo'ffromi Valpanraiso sirriv- ' e at Aickland on thei 7th instarit, with' 2.0 g'tons'filouis: Advices stite' that` floiit. t ruiled low there till recent arrivals 'front the colohnies.' The T.-E. Boyd, froi'? Mel Sbo irn,?loaded tiv d?y' 4irher her 'rrival w?ith flou'r, at £10:(" :h'e rIsmyr, frotf Dunedin and six others despatelied'and f laddisng for, 'thoe coloiids: iill flouir iand wheat. :Latest qubottiot :Floii , "£12 10's to . £13 4s, ahliet 4.:' Australiani Ifreights £3qIos t3 £ot . L Echiadn?,e 44rt . i, Mars, says 'the '.Amorican Annuiial 'of Scientific' Discovery,' is the only planeot into the sehrets of iWhoes physical stnie turoeweo coan, wfili our present means ofo ob'servation, hope t"peop. C0 rtaiinh ir cinistanc'es f;a ourd:C1tho" astronomer so iiuch that' at '`the very :moderate died _tiince?of habout I 5000,000 of niles,'lb - 6serl'eis haidsesafisied liremselves of ths coifi?igurationsi? of ladiand wahter? on its surface, anid havo;itlre-ady seen the pola~ .snows of'aiirs inlua dircle rodindtlhe outh poibl of tlih'eplhnet,:' "itl' 1 iich a?i oell dafi'ji wdiaseato, as4me led' to the conchs; sion tljhait;terminates'in in a ff." · "P .,The .Arctic 'oxplorer,,Mr.-O.C . , all ainnounces his :iutention of . sarting uipon another oxlieditionsabodit .the middle ,of June next. ,Hoie .ill sail -:first,. for: King. ,Witliaii's~.iLondb,;by, way, of £ljdso'e's Sriits;' andpay, in; a whaler, th:fMiit ticelo, ,ptaifn qiiapli,,of; h o ondpn, and will be accompsanteo by theEsquimaux 'ho are Mir.,Hall inmpanionslieroe., Thli partyiill make thoir first tiitor? qiarters at,:i eopulseiBay, the eitremeo norti-westa odf:Hdson'sa,.. ,Early in lthe year 1865 thgey will nake.a laiid journy hy dogs'id . sledges; to Boosthia., and Kinig William s" nl.an'-- ero .Ik'e.eierd',a ad,, , ~^ d: i';' . "), INTERniMNTOuiPo THe DEAiD Nj'.~ l MANILLA. \--On our return we visited the. cemetry, situated about a kmile: andf a half from towan;:. a place ofti singular:construction,. through. which onon?cannot'walk without experiencing a thrill 'of 'horrori -;It is forimed in a double circle,.withi .a'church at the tend of:tho walk::: Betweeat:' otiterinrid innerceircle there isc arspaco;of 'groundleft for the pooe, whoareointerred. Suncolllnediquickiineboingstrewnioverthe : l corpsotolastindo?pmpositionInthothick walhisrF'dth:re paialll 'rows of homizontal, Srecesses, at short intervals frotin'each other? ecapable' of admitting, a good-sized coflfi.n l Hero! are deposited' the bodies fof.those, whose relatives "ard ableoto pay sixteen; 'dllars (about: £3'12s). i.Theleneitranceist, then 'brickied up; :andia 'platefixced.oit.. sidoa;:stating: the name, agoe,' profession,? &c;' of thoelonely occupant, who is lhft un-i disturbed for the spaceo of three years,: at. the expiration ofi'vhich time,shiould tlihe, relativesi or friends desire! it, itheyrmalke the necessary arrangements, and the bouies bf the deceased are collected and ?buried', in onesofithe churches.' The-bodies not' thus removed are taken from ,thecoffiind . and throwin into abspecies of Golgotharat-: tached, to :the' cebmotrytinto which you', look from a hih;lfterrace,.dr walk, on the, wall;::reached;by means .of:.a long ,flight t ofsteps notfar'from the church:: The sight is, sad eniotigh; but it is miore melan'nholyi still towitners, the perfect: indifference,;, nay, more,.oven the iocular manner of tho;; guides' as;:with a smile, they point out to,, you these olast relies.of humanity, all in discrimiiatoly hnaped iup itogether, and. I: fast dissolvingaaway by means of the limoe: thronn :in -from- timeto time.'- Llad'e.?" . :l?.is tio ianilla andriaan;' j : .-t A ?lysiian niamed :Pommerais was re- "I cently triedi inParis for 'tlioenurder, by",4' poisoning, obf' i idow namined Pauw. whot had 'so me twio years; previously been liis', mistress." The" trial' listed 'eight days. ' Poinmerais:liid'insiired the' widow s life o ''for £22,000 at eiglit iidfitirane offices' and" " had' fold :h'ei" that aftor:hor death this'' woildseeiro t her 'orphlianchildren 3000fr. ! a year." 'H plidii the insurance policy for: the firstqi'ia'rter'; iit' befo-e :the second'' bbceeito'"'diib =li ho induced his victim: to, simhlate?illnoss for some'days; stating tlat ha she would!bod isited by a doctor ?from the ,'r ,insuraindo authorities? and'if she appeared: at'tl le tiiiio "be"'very ill, Pommerals!ts could cotnipoild:ith the insurahce officesl' i for 'a" si'ýi'of 'ready' :oney."'! Pomme- in erais visited'.th deceasod daily' for :soine r tisise, and adiiinistered some medicineit io? heir some houris previous to :her ndeaths';. whichli ias attended ith all the symptonis "' ! Ls'hidi eurai?terise tlhe absorptiono fpoi;p I son:: .Tlhis as :not thle first victim" of Poiimerais" villaliy. Tno years previously he got rid: of his motdher-in-law by' similar means. 'Ti ihe pesidin: judge stated tlish Sthe p?ris~i rie" had seo?ral tisnoses attmpted" to ·oimiit?snuiid 'iii prison, on?ie a took vidigri, at' atiothlir: :tini: lihe 'oponed:'- a' e ieifi, andiso also iwuindtd himself idthoe'\ n biose so as to problic d'violeist: hemorrhaggoe The prisdneir asid h li waris driven !to these:" I ancts' l ii ddspair,/bit'he vehenidntly' prdi ' tested lis innoaiib" 'Tlhed jury folind'tho'iz pirsonet guilty of sumi0fiing the owidow'Do,:' PI air '"Nb mets'os"nilbf oxtonitot'jg ecir-!' cuiis',tani?'s hivinmg boots' in'adbir'La? xPom'?i iirasioai rid?dss" 'idn'itbd' to "dtits "i'Among :i Sthei niain points r'ilied'itonlby the'prose cutinoron i wre- ThlattljedeceasdiledsOde ofr poison;it lith thiptoion' ~riis of thoirinature I 'of thtdeo whielic beloriging' to thie vegetablebi: linagdoin! inight" le'ivo'..noh' "lhrateoristio -: traces in the orpgans', and' micht' 'nbt:hie's oliiiitietd yl' by" 'chemical 'a'lnysisi '!but":.. whiel rvliio6ledb tlheiri rdsne'tic8by their ef- A fects: hnild'wire diiidr'esed by' tl'dsaudly?'r iactio? sihie thsib?-"''xercisei i' lpoA living y aniials find , P:;h 'df7itlliaw was one of:r these d~i~~o f:c,?Y l '.l: .i'i .:e..: ,e . . . Flouris . orthd 32 to £33 in Queens. land aid ildiid Gs. per, lusliel. \- The ?- ustrndia Assurance .:Company have?declared a dividend of ttweiity per cent. . The .dail says that though' a court of petty sessions -as granted to Avoca 12 a montlissince, no sherif' or deputy'sheriff has been since appoint d The irgus Sydneye ? corres'ndent,says, 'tat FatherdCartyi ' had an interview :,with,iMorgan thbbushranger, neear Car-' coar, but failed to ;indueo lm to. sur .re? aer.. ,. , .,.; 'The Fitzro bank robber's har eall.been founid guilty., woods ansd Carver have -boti beeni c.on;dened to death;' and sPhili`s' and Anderson to fifteen years' Shilabour on the roads the first three . .Tlie embeis of the Wesldeyan Mtho -sdisbciinection sre proparing for a jubilee celebration- throughout theo. colony, the Wesleyan., Church in Australia having nearly rea'ched, the fiftieth yeari of:its eistence. :.. , ". ..., - " ,TiE ' TORTUE IN' AMeraic.-tThe 'Alb ir'.l?eei"g Jsuusnllsas thie following •'Johnson;" theo ddserterbeli attempited ,_..,to ihe his uniforrim ast week in'sau out ihiousise diial]hsl, and then rigged huiself -upi? iitiiibiuscldthes,; has be ?hen made to own uilp at -the barr.ks:.' 'After 'the tthuimb-screws hiad beelin applied hoe said that his naii?Wasm Jaines' Hn it: aadgaero thiaime andnumiifier of the iregment to hirliieb'C belonged andwhere lid eilisted," As tlhesroe was no proof thatthis Johnson was "eideserter, brit merely a'yague sus picion, lie wis tortured into a confessioji, whihl miay be true"or it may bebfalse. Before the thuemb-screw could be loosed lie'hd to'?" o on up'" to something, and he said he'l ad deserted; . Had he beei re ~quired to oi: n up, to the murider of thb eastor of the .Evreing ýTournal, or, having set fire to and burnt u~p the Hudson river, the 'torture' i~uld have made him do it. This:is .tli', first time within' our know- i ledge that in American' citizen lias ever l been put to the torture to make him con fess a crime. Whether this man' was a deserter or not, or, if he was; whether he was of the deceived, class, we 'neither niliow??nor: care toknow. If Johnson were oul' as .a "leper-covered all over , with prime--n moral mnonster Lwith whoni it wead degradation to speak, still the apply ing thdie hunrb-screw to torture him into a confession is a cold- blooded and a brutal outrage, and in the':nsme of insulted huiiianita, which the Government 'official lias' violated, he should be cashiered at once, and then punished to .the fullest extent'of the law.-QiVes York N iI':ews. ' ::T' ViLg'"or 'JIrosHArasT:.--The i effoirs 'the' Jews have' made: and'the sufferings, losses, anrid himiliatiodns they huif 'borne for thie-purposeof' obtaining sedpulturI in the Valley' of Jehoshaphat form a;singularfeature in human history. No other nation has ever thus struggled, I not'to live-intheii own 'land, but: to be suffered to lay their: dust therein. "'Many descriptions 6rve been made of-.this mar vellous place; but Iconfess none of.them ever'afforded me a 'notion" of its iactual , appearance.. Wandering aloneipast the fountain of Siloam and by the arid bed of Xedron, it suddenly opened on .me a perfect mountain of graves-a hill-side pared with sepulchral slabs.- Each stone -as small, so small.asgledad o,thlie concl '.2oitfthat-the bodies'must be buried) per: 'dfi'dicularly. At all events;'if:thd multi ' tudes there interred.s'ere simultaneously' to' arise :they would form a crowd so dense and compact that it would'be'truly~ enormous. : Short .Hebrew. inscriptions (some evidently of .great age) are on all - ,the stones, and these are.laid together with intervals only of a few. inches, as in our, oldest city churchyards., The slabs C are almost on the level of the ground, and of equial height, so thatit~is literally one large"pavemeait of' death-an appalling, almost an bverwhelming sight.-??auer's ilagazine. . 3A: curious case of book-stealing: was heaird 'at: the City Court yesterday. A young main named William G. Mitchell, who; it -was stated, had been .connected with some of theo.minorjoiutnals.of Mel bourne, was charged with stealiig a small book, called "'ing on Christian Temper," from the 'Public Library ; and. also with I destroying two other books belonging to £ the same institution. It seemed, from the statements made, 'that the prisoner's land lady, on' Friday, when turning:bout some things from a small box whichi she had lent the prisoner, founid amongst them aa book which she.recognised as belonging to the Public Library. ::-She also found some' r leaves of two other ,books, : which also be longed to the. library, as, showni by? the , mark. She, took- them the same evening r to tle library, whore the bookwas ation?e e recognised by the s.nb- librarian;, and the leaves were found to. have, beenitornifrom twb,more of. tl library books.; Thle p?.i sonar. Was arrested. tlhe following day at r thi: library, ;by Dotective Dusross, who , stated-the result, of the inqieiriesliih lie a lind.stice institutosifinto the matter.. The 'o prisoner, the detective said, had.been con- a nectediwith the. olficeof one of tlie,Mel bourne daily.papers, and liad.been a con tributor, to:different periodicals. Amongast these .was; ai publicatio6 called. the 'fel bourne. Penny Journal, to whlich' thIe.pri sonerhad furiished sevesralseiiaitidoi tales, , which purported:to :boe i'ritten by " Wmi; G.?Mitchell, Esq., A.C.P.,"autllor of "The Mask.' !:His lucubrations were not limited : to fiction, a.it isedeil, from a stateint enI ..iiode btlie ~nisoneris'iandlady,'that- he1 told her. dtha e as engaged to write anz article on ehivalry for theDispnatchL . The portionWhichhbowean accuseddd oftcea~ring out of. the hooks forsued,' pampiled "On Saflirage,:'" writte? bIy .Joseph Stirge 'in 1841,; and puhlislied in a Chartist or ultra radical miscollany called TVWaoller's .lack S.Decirf.fi If, as he believed by the olieianls of the library, the prasoier. was sicenstoned <to trainsfer, these pages without alteration Sinto his']eading articles, the iinsuspecting :readers of. these, publications must have b eenr sadly, imposed upon. The .rather whimsical.: defeni;ce as set,up that thie prisoner had '"· taken' the; two volumes t irom the libraryaind after using them at hi: l bilodgisise hud cavied themi back. The s' e: ves (ihicM nroi torn. to out vbcry neatly, a ,tnas not, to tepr thmun across thle print; nud: "tdwhieh wore ten out sebu voial at a place; cu .'.forluinstanu,'., tbiuni,!phlet' mecitioned), anurt, Aitrwnsa argqued, ba.e- been. t 'torn out by, lssso .of th lu Iren at. thi e house. A pparetlyin eneonqmeaince of'thle prso. Sners-yotth, te bpRnci 'dealt with the case in a:yery )enient manner, by fninglhinit £1L, or in.defsljtau, .ianiontlih iumprisoni ment. Not being al;ed to pay the fine, he was. roemovsed to aoL--Ardus, July 19, 