Latest en<_ltsh*!_[j_ws.' DEATH OF MR. W. M THACKERAY. We regret to announce the sudden death of one of our greatest literary men Mr. William Makepeace Thackeray. A few days ago he might be seen at his club, radiant mind buoy ant with glee. On Thursday morning he was found dead in his bed. With all his high spirits he did not seem well; he complained of illness, but he was often ill, and he laughed at his present attack. He said that he was-about-to undergo some treatment which would work a perfect cure in his system, and so he made light of his' malady. He was suffering from two distinct complaints, one of which has now wrought his death. More than a dozen years ago, while he was writing Pendennis, It will be remembered that the publication of that work was stopped by his serious illness. He - was brought to death's door, and he was saved from death by Dr. Elliotson, to whom, in gratitude, he dedicated the novel when he lived to finish it. But over since that ail- ment he has been subject every month or six weeks to attacks of sickness, attended with violent retching. He was congratulating himself the other day on the failure of his old enemy to return, and then he checked, himself, as if he ought not to be too sure of a release from his plague. Little more than a week ago, he was present, as we mentioned in our last, at the anniversary dinner of the Charterhouse school, where he had once been an unknown scholar. Of the old schoolfellows gathered round him on that occasion, who would have thought that the great author was to he the first summoned home, or that he was there to follow, as it were, the example of his son, Colonel New come, and answer " Adsnm " for the last time to the well-known call? He made a speech, dwelling kindly on the recollections of his boyhood passed within the walls where he was then sealed, and went home thence, it it may almost be said, to die. On Wednesday morning his complaint returned, and he was in great suffering all day. He was no better in the evening, and his servant, about the time of leaving him for the night, proposed to sit up with him. This he declined. He was heard moving about midnight, and he must have died between two and three in the morning of the 24th instant. His medical attendants attribute his death to effusion on the brain. They add that he had a very large brain, weighing no less than 58 ounces. Ito thus died of the complaint which seemed to trouble him least. He died full of strength and rejoicing, full of plans and hopes, Iutho fulness of his powers he has fallen before a complaint which gave him no alarm. Mr. Thackeray was born at Calcutta in 1849\. His father, the son of the Rev. Richard Thackeray, of Hadley, in Middlesex, was descended from an old Yorkshire family, and hold a post in the civil service of the East India Company. The future author was sent to England in his seventh year, when, the ship having touched at St. Helena, lia saw Napoleon. Thackeray was placed at the school of the Charter House, commemorated in more than one of his works in a spirit of affectionate loyalty. From thence he proceeded to Cambridge, but left the university without taking a degree. On coming of ago he found himself in possession of a fortune of £20,000, but not wishing to lend an idle life he chose the profession of an artist, in the pursuit of which he visited Italy and Germany. For a time he resided at Weimar when Gutha was at the summit of his fame, and in a letter to Mr G. H. Lowes he has consigned his reminiscences of the greatest of German poets and entices. It was when he was about six or seven and twenty years of age, and when his inherited fortune had been much reduced by losses, that Mr. Thackeray addicted himself in earnest to literature. His time, the reward of stoutly conscientious industry, was of slow growth. The first contributions be made to literature under a distinctive name were the tales, criticisms, and descriptive sketches which appeared in Frazer's Magazine under the pseudonyms of Michael Angelo Titmarsh, and George Fitz Noodle, Esq. The keen observation, delicate irony and refined style of these magazine papers, attracted the notice of readers like the late John Starling, who predicted the author's future fame, but left the mass of de- vourers of monthly literature unconscious of extraordinary merit. From an early date he was connected with Punch, at first, as the " Fat Contributor," and soon as after as the author of the inimitable " Joames's Diary" and " The Snob Papers. In 1810 he advanced to a higher form of composition than he had before essayed. His first, and perhaps greatest novel, Vanity Fair, began to appear in that your and being continued in monthly parts, grow in public favour until, on its completion in 1915, its author was universally recognised as one of our greatest living writers of fiction Passing over some small occasional and Christ- mas books, Notes of a Journey from Cornhill to Grand Cairo (1846), Mrs. Perkins's Dall (1817), Dr. Birch and his Young Friends (18111), we come to Pendennis, in which critics first discovered the tendency, which has since been frequently charged on Mr. Thackeray, and traced in nearly all his writings, to dwell by preference on the dark and unlovely side of human character, and hold up the putty and ignoble side of all things while overlooking the goodness that exists in the world. The charge first took a serious form in a criticism of The Kioklohurys on the Hume, Mr. Thackeray's Christmas booking 1859, and provoked an exceedingly caustic reply, prefixed to a second edition of the vol nine which was immediately called for. in 1851 Mr. Thackeray delivered at Willis' Rooms a course of Six Lectures on the English Hu- morists, which delighted the most brilliant audiences which have honored a literary man in these days, and have since been numbered with his published works. In 18.KJ The History of Henry Esmond, Esq., was given to the world, and in 1855 The Newcomes, which revealed a deeper pathos than any of Mr. Thackeray's previous novels, showed that the author could, when he pleased, give us pictures of moral beauty and loveliness. The success of the lectures on Tho'English'Hu- morists, and the tendency of the historical studies evident in Esmond, and Mr. Thackeray to prepare a series of lectures on The Four Georges, which he first delivered in the United States, and which have since been published in England. In 1857 Mr. Thackeray solicited the suffrages of the constituency of the city of Oxford. He had an odd way of canvassing, declaring that his opponent. Mr. Cardwell was the better man. The citizens, perhaps, thought that he would be better engaged in writing works for posterity than wearing out his life in committee rooms and late sittings in the House of Commons, discussing railway and gas bills, or fixing the rate of duty on" works squared for rounding At all events they did not bind him to their service, and in the same year he was writing and publishing his Virginians, the last of his principal novels. In 1860 he became the editor of the Cornhill Magazine, which rapidly attained a degree of success without example in English magazine literature. He did not, however, long retain the editorship, but was a frequent contributor to the magazine up to the time of his death. A new novel from his pen was as our readers are aware, to have appeared in the Cornhill in the course of next your. Loved the Widower and The Adventures of Phillip appeared in its pages. The news of the death of this distinguished writer has been received throughout the country with much regret, and yesterday almost all the London papers had kindly and appreciative articles upon the subject. The following extract from the article in the Daily News may be given as a sample of the general tone of those notices; English literature has lost in Mr. Thackeray one whose name and works, as long as England has a literature, will take rank among the English classics. In the literature of fiction he will take his place by right divine in the goodly company of those English humorists whose shrine in our national Pantheon he has contributed to preserve and adorn. Beside Addi: son, Fielding, Swift, Sterne, and Goldsmith, William Makepeace Thackeray will, we are persuaded, hold a place distinct yet not equal, by the right of a genius, within its limits, one of the most profound and pene tingling in insight, most subtle and delicate in i perception, must exquisite in expression, that even England has produced." An inquest has been held upon the body of a woman washed ashore on the beach near Brighton. She was remarkably well- dressed and apparently about 30 years of age. On the left hand were three gold rings, and in the pocket of the deceased was a purse containing both gold and silver and a letter wrapped in waterproof silk. Inside this letter was a photograph likeness of a middle- aged man, and the words, " To my false and perjured husband, Louis Adolphus, Now Ship. Hotel, Brighton or Moses and Son, Minories." The police authorities telegraphed to the firm of Moses and Son, and Mr. Louis Adolphus, who said that he was manager to Messrs.' Moses and Son, of Aldgate, came to Brighton, and identified the portrait as that of himself, and the deceased as a woman whose maiden name was Juno Pratt. In the course of the evidence it appeared that the deceased had been seduced by a Captain Bruce, an officer in the army, with which she had lived, and by whom she had a child, now five years. of ago. In consequence of the officer having deserted her she formed an intimacy with Mr. Adolphus, from whom she received numerous presents. Latterly, although without his sanction, she had gone by his name. About a fortnight ago, for some reason or other she resolved to go to Brighton, and on the day previous to her departure, meeting Mr. Adolphus in the street, who informalities of her purpose, at the same time requesting him to come and stay with her. This, however, Mr. Adolphus declined to do, but he promised to accompany her to the London-bridge Railway Station on the following day and see her off to Brighton. He accordingly did say and he then told her that it was his intention to break off the connection that had previously existed between them. This announcement seemed to have had a very depressing influence upon her, but they parted apparently on good terms, the deceased taking her place in a first-class carriage. The jury returned a verdict of "Found drowned." QovbbnmentInspection*op the OiiAniNa Gross Railway Bntuau.?Yesterday Captain Taylor, R.E., the: Government Inspector of Railways, accompanied by Mr. Hawkshaw, the engineer of the line, and a numerous staff of officials, inspected the permanent way and works of this line, and tested the bridge over the Tlininos. They arrived on the ground at about eleven o'clock, and in order to put the strength of the structure to the severest test, four locomotives, and a train of trucks loaded with railway bar iron and gravel, steamed on to the four lines of rail on the Surrey side of the Thames, and pulled up over the first span, resting for a length of time thereon, the weight thus applied being equivalent to a ton per foot on one line of rails the total weight of each train being lot tons, making the aggregate pressure load applied to the entire span to amount to fill runs. The sumo process was applied in succession to the other four spans, up to that on the Middlesex side, the loads being shifted alternately backwards and forwards, and thou left stationary, until all the spans, with their girders, which are 154 feet in the clear, were fully tested the average result being a de Iloxion of only three-quarters of an inch in the centre, the piers of the bridge remaining rigid, and the weight sustained being twice as great as the bridge, in all probability, will ever be called upon to bear The deflection of the cross girders was also at the same time ascertained, the result being a deflection of 3-5th of an inch in the centre, with the load distributed. The stations, signals, and permanent way were also inspected. Another experimental trip will be made by the government inspector before he reports the fitness of the line for public traffic Daily Telegraph. Mr Sergeant Shea has been appointed the now judge of the Court of Queen's Bench, in the room of the late Mr Justice Wightman. The new judge is a Roman Catholic. Mr. Slice is the eldest son of the late Mr. Joseph Shoe, of Thomas town, in the county of Kilkenny, where he was born in 1861. He was educated at the Roman Catholic College of St. Cuthbert, Durham, and at Edinburgh In 1828 he was called to the bar of the Hon. Society of Lincoln's-inn, and selected the Home Circuit, where he soon distinguished himself by his eloquence and skill as an advocate, and in due time been me the leader of the circuit, which position he has held up to the present time. In 1810 he was made a sorgeniit- at-lnw,and in 1858 Queen's sergeant. In 1857 he offered his services as a candidate I for r_rlinm.cn tary honors to the electors of Marylebone, but he was unsuccessful. In 1852 he was returned for his native county (Kilkenny), and continued to represent it until the general election of 1H.".7, when he lost his seat, the electors returning his old colleague, Captain John Green, in conjunction with the Hon, Leopold Agar-Ellis. In 1859 he again sought election, but Mr Ellis and Captain Green were again returned, Mr. George Moore and Mr. Serjeant Shop being the unsuccessful candidates. While holding his sent in Parliament the learned serjeant was a consistent advocate of liberal measures, and a firm supporter of Roman Catholic claims, although his religious views were never marked by bitterness or intoler- ance. He was married in 1830 to Mary, daughter of Sir J. Gordon, premier baronetcy Scotland, but was left a widower about two years since. "[There is, it appears, an inaccuracy in the foregoing : Mr. Justice Alice's father was an Irishman, but came to England at an early period in life, and married a Miss Darell, belonging to a well-known family in Kent, and his son, now Mr. Justice Slice, was born at Finchley, Middlesex, in 1891. It was us a gentleman connected with Kent that he addressed the meeting hold at friended health when that county petitioned parlia- ment with reference to Roman Catholic emancipation. In his speech on the nomina- tion day, from the Marylebone hustings, in 1857, he said, in reply to the taunt that he was an Irishman t? I was born at Finchley; but have yet to learn that it is a crime in an Irishman to aspire to enter that parliament in which Sheridan, and Grattan, and Canning, and Wellington laid the foundations of this country's greatness.] Home W.as. One of the most important of the many joint stock undertakings introduced this year has issued its prospectus under the title of the Contract Corporation (Limited), The nominal capital is as much as £1,000,000 in 10,000 shares of £100 each, of which one-half are to be issued in the first instance. The board is of the highest respectability. " The prospectus is brief. It mentions that the company has been constituted for the purpose of undertaking the execution and construction of railways and other works, both at home and abroad, a class of business hitherto exclusively conducted by private contractors. The large fortunes which have been realized by them, notwithstanding obvious disadvantages, sufficiently test the soiiiiiIiiobh and value of this enterprise." The company proposes, in fact, to occupy a middle position between governments, public companies, etc., and the moneyed public; the operations of the former it will facilitate by means of its credit, side of the security presented in its large subscribed but uncalled capital, while, for similar reasons, the public will probably be willing to provide funds upon the company's debentures thus secured. The project has been received with great favor. Whilst the preliminaries for the great fight between King and Heenan were being arranged, a magistrate, the owner of the land, and an attempt to do what was unquestionably his duty? to stop the proceedings. His interference was taken with the utmost good humor, but, of course, was perfectly abortive. The funny men of the prize ring were delegated to encounter him, and the elegant badinage the worthy squire underwent was most amusing. They proposed he should act as referee, and actually kept blind prisoner in the ring, where he was obliged to witness the fight despite himself, and was perpetually dinned for his sovereign for an inner place.? JIomeNews. ; "32. ; ? At a public meeting at Maldon, in Essex, Mr. Chichester Fortescue H.P., Under- secretary of State for the colonies, made the following observations with respect to Australian and New Zealand topics:? As to Australia, discontent in Australia can only arise on that question of transporta- tion of which we have read a good deal lately. The Australians have been alarmed by the report of a curtain royal commission which has appeared lately, and they think that the English government and parliament intend to revive transportation to the great Ans trillion colonies. Such a, measure, I can only say, would he worthy of the Stamp Act of the last century, which produced the dis- ruption of America. No government and no parliament can over thing of such a thing; and the idea is simply a misconception in the ? minds of our Australian friends. It is true that the government intends for the present to continue transportation to one remote and isolated colony, that of Western-Austral;;, but even with respect to that I must say for myself that I think the truth to be that such >' transportation can he only of a most limited and temporary duration; and in the long run the people of England must make up their minds to deal with their criminal population at home, and to solve that great problem within the four corners of this country. One word before I leave the colonies upon the subject of New Zealand. The same able writer to whom I have alluded has written upon that subject also, and has; with others urged that we are waging an unjust and oppressive war against the natives of New Zealand. I can assure you, gentlement, that such is not the case. That war, which I regret as much as any one can do, has been forced by the misguided natives of New Zealand upon the enlightened and liberal-minded governor of the colony, Sir George Grey. The war has not arisen from any greed or covetousness with respect to land on the part of the colonists of New Zealand, but from the incurable suspicion which unfortunately exists on the part of the native race against the Europeans who have gone to New Zealand. It is very difficult to cure such a suspicion as that. No doubt there may have been mistakes made by the government, and there may have been irritating language used by the newspapers and colonists of New Zealand, but the government has shown no injustice towards the native race. The Maoris are in a partial state of enlighten- ment which is most dangerous to themselves and to the European settlers; they are not sufficiently enlightened to understand the real character and motives of the government. They hardly understand that the government really wishes their good, and they hardly understand that that great country is large enough both for them and for the settlers and the consequence is that they imagine vague shadows of future evil and tyranny, and take up arms to redress their imaginary wrongs. With respect to them, I can only say that the history of New Zealand presented a pleasing contrast with the history, generally speaking, of the relations between European colonists and native tribes. Company New Zealand with the history of other countries and even of English settlers amongst the North American 1 ml in us, and I believe we have reasons to congratulate ourselves upon the absence of wrong, violence, and blood- shed, whether committed by settlers upon natives or by natives upon settlers, in New Zealand. I am far from saying that there has been all the wisdom and energy on the part of the New Zealand government which we might desire, but it is seldom there is as much wisdom as could be wished in mis- government, and I believe it would have to 3 sired more than tin ore inn ry amount of wis or to have averted the struggle which is now going on between the native and European races in New Zealand, We may hope that the present crisis will soon pass away, and that the war in which we are engaged, managed as it is by mi able governor and a talented general, will be the last which we shall wage in New Zealand to ne News. At the Assizes at Kingston, Joseph Making, a sergeant in the Sid Huff, was put upon his trial! for the murder of Elizabeth Waterer, at Guildford. The evidence tended to show that the prisoner and the deceased woman had agreed to kill themselves, and both took poison with that object. In her case it was fatal, in his not, and he subsequently cut his throat. Carefully tended, however, he has recovered. The jury found him guilty as an accessory before the fact to the murder of the deceased woman, but recommended him to mercy. Mr. Baron Pigott sentenced the prisoner to death, promising in the Hinno time to forward the recommendation of the jury to the Home Secretary. Lovers of the marvellous and students of the occult sciences are delighted with the discovery professed to be turned by a French gentleman, one M. Dosbarrollos. This worthy has published his views on charabancs, which is the art of divining character by the limit. There is nothing new in the "science" itself. It was condemned as a worn-out folly ld) years ago, in the Spectator, and was ridiculed even by the credulous Sir Thomas Browne, who remarked that " master and principal line" may be " observed in most itigiInto animals," and argued from this that we might as well tell the fortunes of dogs and oats, of swans and ducks, from the marks on their feet, as those of men and women from the lines on their hands, But M. Des barrells adduces much new testimony in favor of palmistry. His work, published in Paris, has gone through four editions in a few months, whilst he himself is giving lessons in the art at the rate of 20 francs a time. In other words, he is one more example of a successful appeal being made to that lava for the mysterious which lurks in all our natures, and which occasionally gets the better of education and common sense. Thick fingers, it appears, are hold to menu at Basle for dissipation; short, broad nails denote a captious and quarrelsome temper; along first, joint to the thumb botokonsenoigy and self-confidence; and that, as the entire hand is thus mapped out into a sort of moral chart, one may, with this now guide-book al his side, test the character of his friends, without either having their bumps felt by a phrenologist or disbursing postage stamps to professors of' grnUbinlogy. The Emperor and Empress of the French have holds submitted their limits to this wonderful seer, who discerned in the lines of the imperial fingers, " signs of a superhuman sagacity and intelligence which, in spite of our humorous experiences, we have never beheld elsewhere." Surely, all this is very funny. This ready acknowledgment of the new professor of divination is encouraging indeed to all traders on the weakness. of human nature, "Utirymo at Lexington, in the Valley of Virginia." These words, says the New York Express, are said to have been uttered by that great, good, and lamented man, General T. J. Jackson, just before his death; and, in accordance with his sacred command, all that is mortal of the most renowned and successful military genius that the war or probably modern ages have produced, now lies interred within the walls of the Presbyterian cemetery, located in the south- western suburbs of this delightful village. Nothing marks the spot where his mortal remains lie to distinguish his grave from that of others, have a diminutive Confederate flag not larger than a lady's handkerchief, This tiny emblem is fastened to a staff not more than two feet long, and placed of the head of the grave, and there waves as, if to illustrate the modest pretensions of the great hero of the Valley of Virginia. Close by his side a small, grave is to be soon, which contains the remains of his child, who died a few years ago. and not far distant is the grave of li Sb first wife, '? Elinor, the daughter of George and Julia Junk!';," with a plain marble slab at the head,. His Into residence is situated near the end of the town, and, like everything she planned by him, is modest and unpretending Home News. The Prince of Wales did not occupy the suite of apartments in the York Tower on his arrival from Sandringham. His Royal Highness was lodged in Edward III's Tower, where no notice prohibitory, of smoking was posted. star's". On December 14 Mr. Scott's' beautiful model of the grand memorial, which is intended to be erected by the nation to the memory of the late Prince Consort, arrived at Windsor Castle; It was erected one stand fitted for the purpose in the grand reception room, for the inspection of her Majesty. It is about 7 feet in height and about 6 feet square. For Christmas there could not he found a more pleasant book' than the "Ingoldsby ,s Legends," illustrated by Messrs. Cruickshank, Leech, and Tenniel. Probably -the finest sketch in the volume is the ghost which adorns the frontispiece, drawn by Mr. Leech. It is the costliest ghost over drawn a mar vol of ingenious light and- shadow, We have another, good ghost of. his done! in quite another style. It is a pretty piece of spirituality sitting coolly on a chair with its head entirely, and held: like' a barber's block on the ghost's knee. Mr. George Cruikshank's ghosts and devils are full of fun, but we cannot say that we stand in awe of them. Mr. Tenniel has not so much humor as either Mr. Leech or Mr. Cruikshank, but in his own particular walk he shows a fine fancy, and is deservedly a favorite. No less than 75 officers of the Guards are members of a society for the relief of the poor members, that is to say, not merely in virtue of having disbursed a few guineas, but in right of hard work as district visitors in the most wretched and forlorn parts of London. Is it not a pleasant thing to know that so large a number of an order often twitted with forgery and selfishness are thus devoting themselves to the alleviation of the misery in our streets? It would seem as if the dying words of Judge Talfourd were being at length realised, and as if class were at length mingling with class, to the inevit- able improvement ol'both.?Dome News. When we hear of atrocities committed in far-off islands amongst the savage tribes of Africa or the untaught inhabitants of some Pacific island, we allow ourselves to dwell upon the event as an evidence of the degradation into which man, deprived of moral training, may full. But when we find acts of cruelly committed in our own country, where we did not believe it possible that such crimes could be perpetrated, we do our duty as journalists by publishing the event, feeling almost ashamed to make a comment. There is in the county of Cornwall a small village called Flushing, in which resides a mason named Porter. Some twenty years ago a brother of this man suddenly disappeared. He was soon no more in the village, and the neighbors know nothing of him except what surmise or rumour furnished. The rumours were of a dark character, and the surmises not very honor- able to the character of the Porters. The ' howls that were heard to issue from the back part of their house were believed to be captured by the imprisoned brother, him who had been suddenly withdrawn from the gaze of milk. And these rumors multiplied and were talked over until the imprisonment of the weak-minded brother became a fixed belief. And hideous shrieks and painful wailings wars hoard especially during the cold nights of winter, and yet, with all those evidences that a follow creature was anH'cii'ig direful torment, no one in the whole village or neighbourhood made an effort to rescue him. And so twenty years passed over, and the story of the wretched captive became a legend of the neighbourhood, and might have passed for one of the tales of feudal tyranny, but that from the narrator could give his. listener auricular evidence of the truth of his story by bringing him to hear the cries of the hapless prisoner. At length a stranger, a native of the north of England, came to Flushing, and he heard the story of the imprisoned lunatic, and having ascertained the presumptive truth of the late. Dr, Byrne oiiiniiiiiniciited with the Home Secretary, and, having been properly authorised, he, in company with two other gentlemen, entered Porter's house, and made his way to the place where the helpless prisoner was confined. This was a small room? or "den." as it is described the four walls of which were covered with dump. The accumulated filth of' years find rotted away parts of the floor ; the stench was horrible. On one side was an old bedstead, the bottom formed of planks, which, like part of the floor, nure ft mass of filth. Upon this bedstead was settled in creature who scarcely preserved the, appearance of a human being indeed, he is described as resembling a balloon more than a mile. This was the missing brother of Porter. He had no clothes; there was no bed for him to lie on, no coverlet but two old socks. He was drawn together, his knees pressed upwards to his chin, his feet held light one over the other, his hands clutched, and his arms pressed close to his sides. His joints and suffered for want of use. It was not a raving maniac, it was a simple imbecile creature Qualified attendants were brought He was washed and dressed, and removed to the neighboring lunatic asylum Instructions having been issued by the Lunacy Commissioner..! to prosecute Porter and his wife, they were brought before the Falmouth magistrates on December 11\. 'the evidence in the case was gone into at considerable length, and the prisoners were committed for trial. Lost in this Bush The South Australian journals too frequently furnish us with reports of persons having lost their way and perished in the wilderness. Heroin an account of a recent boiler for Mr. Francis, who appears to have met with a similar Into:?" On Monday, the party who went in search of Mr. N. Francis returned from Mitchell's Flat without having discovered the remains of the unfortunate man. On the day succeeding that on which the party picked up the stirrups, they started again upon the tracks, which they followed until the evening, when they again crossed the track of a short distance from thulrstartiiigpoint of the second day. They were then a second time obliged to return for water. On the following day the party started again upon the tracks, which after a ci still tous course for some distance took a direction nearly north-east. 1 having followed them for several hours, a small piece of cloth was picked up, which was at once identified as a portion of the trousers worn, by Mr. Francis when lost. About noon the party came upon a claypan, where the poor man had camped for the night, and from another piece of his clothing was found. At this point he appears to have obtained a view of the distant hills, as the tracks from this run as nearly as possible in a straight course town yds third. The party nonpareil upon the tracks for several hours longer, until, after crossing a sandhill, they ran, into apart of the scrub frequented by, horses and cattle, and here the font pi hits were so numerous that it'hcoiuno impossible to distin 9 guish those of the mare and foal from others Having vainly endeavored to recover the tracks, the party decided upon making for the Wakefield, which they reached about sunset. Next day they set out, accompanied by several of the settlers, for the point where the tracks were lost, but being unable to find any further traces, they started for their camp on Mitchell's Flat, and on the following day returned home. After returning home it was decided to organise another party, to proceed to the other side of the scrub near the Wakefield, and continue the search in that direction; and on Thursday, the 7th instant, a party ? again started, and having formed a camp on the *r edge of the scrub, about three 3 miles as-' the Wakefield Bridge w, 0 were joined by police-troopers glens and¦-'Wor.Js with two blackfellow"'. . but being again Jambin to follow the knobs further than (10-foot of the snii_'?*n,.it'wns deemed advisable to abandon the idea of further treking, landed thoroughly search the scrub between thnt'point'mid the Wakefield. This the party did for six days with great difficulty, the scrub' throughout being of such an impenetrable nature that is some places it was almost impossible to force a passage through it. At the end of the week, having used every means to effect their object, and meeting with success in their on. delivers to discover''.urtberofrn'ecs-qt the unfortunate man; the party decided to discontinue ,hosoarchiaudrotqrii'h6_ie.''',--'1,'i'''.' - 1 