W* *w a»re that th« expression of tianaot views with regard to China «rill minty* -te acceptable to our readers. It ta perhaps better to present» in a entie >t«to, any ideas that may arise, titan to delay until tho same are matured. Tb* fae* is, that tho erigortciee of daily jmrsdham require pretty mach that «púneme should be expressed as they «ftsAl^ *ifcicn latter I» ia event that it ia most inconvenient to wait «pon. The ques- tion that is moat likely to be sooaest brought forcibly before the notice of péopfá m England ia simply,-What is the nature of the Government of Obina? The Cbinaw Empire comprises a third of the Immjmr«^ «ad it cannot well be dented that in mere multiplicity of sub- ject* . certain amount of strength mont consist Then it happen« that, in China, which is one of the most industrious, hardworking, and the beat-producing countries in the world, the feeling« and opinions of the people influence the Government to a very serióos extent. The chief force in China is fear. We awe tina to begin with, in their religious ceremonies, in tí*e paraphernalia of their temple*, «in aal «haws, and theatrical pith initions, tn. the first, we have the always frowning deity in wood; in the next, the doom that awaits evil-doers is variously set forth in very distinct and probably too horrible imagery ; while on the stage the blood-and-îi under element decidedly predominates. Again, the chief source of religious restraint ap- parent in the Chinóse mind is to be discovered in the fierce figures which thev periodically carry about the streets and delight to honour ; their ¿evoir* are nearly all paid to some avenging deity whose wrath they desire to deprecate, rather than to Kun Tum (or Kwan Jin, .a the goddess of mercy ts calJetÇin tho If aunarían dialect). We do not say this is the key to the Chinese character, but it is certainly of some use ia deciphering the external forces which influence the na tiona! mind. It ia to fear, not to respect or lore, that they pay their homage ; they yield to physical pressure, or mental terror, not to what is called by many people " the gentler influences." By the latter may be implied that theoretic code of honour ind honesty which waa first stamped upon European society in the time of chivalry and the enuBvdiea. Farther, mm we cannot leave the argument incomplete, we may allude to the benign influence of the Christian religion when properly understood. Terror and kindness have been va- río italy osed aa the incentive powers to proper conduct in the world, according to oar «ode ; according to that of the ^Chinese, terror baa been viewed as the beding motive power. Thia, although a sort of divergence, leads us the more readily to a proper view of the momenta at work in Chinese affairs. For example, to partially illustrate our ?meaning, we nay refer to the great weight which was pren by the Taepinge to whatever was externally terrible. Their tactics were to send on tie worst of their crew as mvamt courier*, and the duty of the latter wa* to take secret mean* of plA^àriiïiig tit« walla of tho doomed «tía» with fearful naring notifiuatious; titea to forward a pulagiog detachment- for purposes of plunder and conflagration; and, lastly, to appear tn propcrjbroe, and either receive tho surrendec|jg the Tlsnnsrod city or lay «toge toit» due ferm. l*er doubtless acted upjm the ?p8*?*»**» of Chinamen in thoa employ- ing iisrror aa the most effective means of subjugation. Let ua now briefly commet theme re- marks wfih the condition of tim present Crowerument. The Gsbinet at faking is lsaa dopotic than tyranniaed fower; in «tlwirvrda, tttea complete takmke to suppose that the Government of China ia in mm HDMU deg?ee despotic Ko doubt that tihe Emperor can order the «aovad of a mena heatd for purposes pf the State, but every such act on bia jpert m «eepuntod fi» tu wirh^ao elabo- rately aa to render it plain that the lore» of publie opinioa is not only potent, butta in a. Terr great meaanre «KX»$rW «fd'obe^ ty the Chinese rulers. |t seeded no ghost from the gpretetetlusisns; tor, do we not know wa*, tating aH tba rmmarou* changas of oyavaB^rit«>»C«ui»aM have rwtained their omu Umw, <wnnm «nd customs P is 4c&$swt¡B^¿fsg^ our ova country, with one or two noticeable eseepfiotta, wliich, sw not affect she etwwt argument, «ra may delay calling attention to at present. . llAnog, títtu «nd«uw^, ^ «bow j titi* t£t tSüieao Gwwment ia not o^Mcie, i« ita^rary Batar*, we o»y pro- ceed to «tw«et isM iwt trith foreign n ktioM to tivst GoTornmeat. In other wnwdt, it follows that tho CaJbiaet at Peking cannot «lo M tatty please, but feel morally wrttained by force of optaioa among tbs people. With re- gari to ttatagiiera, thia ta mott Espe- cially the ceje, and it therefore follows that time ii required-not to say tact in order to <^dti*te the people, brjfore any effective mesan ros in our favour can ! be pubed forward by the " ruling " po wera. To irritate the Chineee people ] m any way ia only to harass theGorero ment ; and aa it unfortunately happen» that we have, through rowdyism sad other mean«, aflibrdod just canse of irri- j taatíoo to the Gbtnoee poonta, wa have, in the asme ratio, caused serious distress to the Government ; for Chin» ia like Eog iand, ávnd ito ruler« cannot, by any human poaaibility, fly in the face of public opinion. OLD ASS'S lasr JOS*. - Yesterday, about aa* o'clock, a losa;, «säst, bony man, «rieb a queer admirturs of tba comical and doleful in bj» oouatensnoe that reminded one of a pro fstsiawsl smdwtohrs1 -craafcingadry jake, under took to reach tba Ooo aral's tent by scrambling tbroasrb a hedgeiow and ooang tn the back way alone. He waa stopped by one of the hostlers, and told to "beep ont of here." The indmshad in black replied ti tat be thought General Grant would allow bim inside, and ?trade a-hesd. "ïon*B - soon find ont," was yelled ia reply. On reaching the guard* ba was stopped «nth " Ko sanitary folks allowed inside" Alter some parleying the intruder was compelled «o gire hit osma, and announced himself to be Abraham lincoln, President of tbe United States, desiring an interview with General «Staat. She guard saluted and allowed him to pas*. General Grant recognised him aa be stepped nader the large "fly** m front of bis teat, rose and »hook hand* with htm cordially, and then introduced him to such members of tba staff sa atna présent sod unacquainted. It wa* ascertained that the President had just arrived in tb» "City of Baltimore," and was accompanied by his son " Tad," Assistant Secretary of the Navy Fox. Hr. Chadwick, proprietor of Willard's Hotel, and a marine coard. Tbe conversation soon took a wide free-and-easy range until dinner was announced. The Präsident wa* duly seated, ate stace as other mortals, managed to ring in three favourite joke» during the meal, under the plea of flluatrating th* topic« discussed, and kept every ; one on the gai eire for others till the party rose. -Äe*> Tori Herold. Burst' Nama.-The earnest little discus i (¡on which arises in a new nursery as to " dear j baby's name" seems a little absurd to outsiders, j bat the instinct af mothers it right. Tbe baby will not be lord high chancellor or an arch- bishop, aa marom* »ad none think to probable, but through life one of the most direct in fluences hearing upon bit fortunes will be hit name, ft is almost a quality which bia mother gives him, something which may »mooth hit path like a new faenlty, or retard H like some physical want or bodily deformity. 80 great is its influence that it seems a little hard the parent* should hare so despotic a power, that the child himself should not, say at fifteen, have the rjght to insist if he tees 6t upon a legal re- christening. a# It is very bard, and in that ooming time whan the dignity of humanity it fully appreciated, we expect to hear of a revolt of uiver**! childhood in favour of extending that dearly-lo ved privilege of babies, " doing things one's otra »elf," to the tight of re-christening. * * There must be scores of children by this time all ticketed Garibaldi, a process equivalent to branding a date on their foreheads, and it it lucky for the next generation of girls that the i Princess' name is an old one, for if it had been \ Oestres or Napoleon« they would bate homo it none the less. So long as the name is generic inore ugliness doe* not greatly matter to the child ; but a name given from admiration it ! almost elwari peculiar, ajxd if the origuial wearer [ were widely known it is difficult to inflict on a i child a deeper injury. It puts him throughout bk whole life out of gear with Iii* assodattaot, dislocates the idea of the man from the idea of bis name, till the mere mention of him excites a sails. If bis career is utterly tinlike that of bis namesake, there is a sense of dissonance ; if it resembles it, there is the impression of in- feriority. Nothing could be worse for s rising general than to be turned Kapoleo«, yet the : title would sound a* ridiculous if attached to a white-faced curate. In most instances the Beeret idea of the unlucky man would be to live up to his name, to be Mirabeau Stubbs the revolu- tionist, an ides sure to spoil bit life ; bat even if it worked the other way, half bit energy would be exhausted ia merely getting rid of his bor- den. There it or wat a very respectable shoe- maker in Norwich, to whom his father, a free thinker, like mott cobblers, gare the name« of Voltaire Paine Smith. Smith grew up a meek, godly Sunday-school teacher, with DO brains, »nd his name would have proved a serious em- barrassment to his piety but that bis neighbours fortunately fur hit repute in dams-meeting could not pronounce it. They called him in their ignorance Vulture Smith, and the poor man complained with tear* in hil eyes that he, best meaning of imbecile mortals, wa* universally believed to hare earned a nick-name by cruel usury. * * Byron Brown may be a most respectable man, out nobody will ever believe in bi* verses, and Demosthenes Jones had better follow any trade than that of . public speaker. Tba mother* may east assured that of all the mistake* they ctn nuke, that of giving their babies name* which suggest to all men distinct associations, calling their boy» Gracchus or their daughters Semiramis, it the very worst. There is some reason for the growing dislike to the twelve or £fteet> name« once called distinctively Christian, probably because they have no rela- tion whatever to Christianity,-tor the ose of a ansie is to ensure distinctiveness, and wheo whole dan* are named Henry, diatiocti renées is not attained. But if they want a new list let them «hun the conquerors, and poets, «ad pobti cüust, sod agitator», and ancient Hebrews, and either employ a sámame,-the tue of the m other't at the eldest son's pnenomen M a blameless and useful custom, and very " aristo- cratie,''-or revert to the old fiaron reservoir now «0 liberally drawn opon for girls, bot still neglected for boy's names.-Spectator. 