UNITED PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH FLINDERS-STREET. ' The foundation-stone of the United Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street, under the pastoral care of the Rev.. James Lyall, was formally laid by the Rev. Ralph Drummond on Monday afternoor in the presence of a large number of spectators. The design of the edifice is in the Italian style of architecture, and was executed by Mr. George Abbott, architect, on whom for skill and taste it reflects the greatest credit, and when completed the building will have an imposing and graceful appearance. In the centre of the front of the building will be a tower and spire, the total height of which will be 129 feet. The ground-floor of the lobby will form a lobby 12 feet square, approached by a bold flight of steps. On either side of the lobby are to be spaces 10 feet 6 inches square for staircases to galleries; as also doorways for ingress to the body of the church. Over the ground-floor of the tower will be three other floors or rooms appropriated to various uses. The body of the church is to be 80 feet in length, 45 feet in width, and 32 feet in height from floor to ceiling, and will seat 600 adults on the ground-floor, allowing the space of 3 feet by 1 foot 9 inches for each sitting. Extra accom- modation for 300 adults by the erection of galleries, which was duly considered in preparing the de- sign, can be provided when the increase in the congregation shall require such addition. At the back of the church, and to be built in connection therewith, is to be a vestry of 17 feet 9 inches by 13 feet; committee-room, 24 feet 9 inches by 18 feet; lobby and space for staircase, 13 feet by 11 feet. On the first-floor over these rooms will be a schoolroom 37 feet long by 24 feet 9 inches wide, and 16 feet in height. The walls of these buildings are to be constructed of stone, from the Glen Osmond quarries, the external ornamental portions of which will be executed with Portland cement. The walls internally will be finished in rough stucco, in imitation of ashlar-work; the moulding, cornices, and flowers on ceiling will be formed with plaster of paris. The spire will consist of eight wrought iron flanged ribs, forming the angles of an octagon. The spaces between these ribs will be filled in with boarding, and the whole covered with lead. A queen post roof is to be constructed to span the hotly of the church, the sides of which will be covered with slate, and the flat with lead. This flat is to be surrounded with ornamental wrought iron balustrading. The internal fittings, pewing, and platform are to be of Sydney cedar, polished and varnished. The works were commenced on the 25th July last by Mr. McMullen, the contractor, under the superintendence of Mr. Abbott, and it is antici- pated that the building will be completed on or before the 20th October, 1865. Shortly after 3 o'clock, the weather being ex- ceedingly pleasant, the ceremony was commenced by siging portions of the 102nd Psalm, and by the offering of an eloquent dedicatory prayer by the Rev. Silas Mead. The Rev. J. Lyall having advanced to the front, stated that the contents of the bottle which he held in his hand were— Sum- mary of principles of the United Presbyterian Church, programme of services of the day. report nf Building Committee, Register and Advertiser of 5th September, Telegraph of 3rd September, coins of the following amounts— ½d., 1d., 3d., 4d., 6d., 1s., 2s., 2s 6d., 5s., half sovereign, and sove- reign, and the accompanying document :— 'In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and ot the Holy Ghost, to whom be glory for ever and ever. ' This document is deposited under the corner stone of a new edifice to be erected for the use of the congregation now worshipping in the United Presbyterian Church, Gouger-street, in this city, and to be called the United Presbyterian Church, Flinders-street. 'The stone is laid by the Rev. Ralph Drum- mond in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and in the third year of the governorship of Sir Dominick Daly, on the fifth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty four. 'The Rev. James Lyall, Pastor. 'Elders- "James Forbes. |William Mackintosh William Murray | Murray. George McEwin | William Fraser. David Murray | David Fea. ' Building Committee— Rev. James Lyall, Rev. Alexander Law, Alexander Ogilvie, William Fraser, William Ballantyne, Andrew Loutit, David Murray, James Tyrie, Robert S. Tassie, John B. King, George McEwin, James Forbes, George Tinline, Thomas Smith, John Eunson, David Lithgow. John B. Adamson, William M. Murray, and William Beattie. Convener— Rev. James Lyall. Secretary— Mr. Andrew Loutit. Treasurer —Mr. William Mackintosh Murray. 'Trustees— John Beveridge Adamson, William Ballantine, Peter Cray, John Eunson. William Fraser, David Lithgow, Andrew Loutit, George Merwin, William Murray, William Mackintosh Murray, and James Tyrie. ' This congregation is connected with the United Presbyterian Church in Scotland, and recognises as its standards in subordination to the Word of God the Westminister Confession of Faith and the Catechisms, Larger and Shorter. 'The palace is not for men; but for the Lord God. 'The God of Heaven. He will prosper us there- fore we his servants will arise and build. ' Let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon us; and establish thou the work of our hands upon us ' yea, the work of our hands establish thou it. 'Architect— Mr. George Abbott. ' Builder-Mr. Michael McMullen.' The Rev. R. Drummond, having placed the bottle in the cavity of the stone, was presented with a handsome silver trowel, bearing the follow ing inscription :— ' Presented to the Rev. Ralph Drummond on the occasion of his laying the foundation-stone of United Presbyterian Cluirch, Flinders street, Adelaide.' He then adjusted the stone, declaring it laid as the foundation of a house of worship to the glory of God and the praise of His name. Addressing the assemblage he said it was very gratifying to witness so many indica- tions in this city of a desire for the spiritual wel- fare of its inhabitants, and it was the more grati- fying that religious edifices were erected not by compulsorv means, but from love to God and in accordance with the divine doctrine. ' Freely ye have received, freely give.' Might He to whose worship that sanctuary was erected speed the work, and make it when completed, by His gracious presence, truly the house of God and the gate of Heaven. The earnestness of its congregation, and the well known ability of its pastor in proclaiming Christ's redeeming love in order to advance His cause, would, he hoped, be sufficient to attain their desired object; ai'.d might he cherish the hope that in raising that house of God they would meet with the Divine approbation. God had given them many things to enjoy, and had abundantly blessed them, and therefore they should call on their souls to magnify His holy name. Let them thank God in their sanctuary for the faith lie had vouchsafed them, exceeding all other mercies— and these were not a few — which God had given them to enjoy. If they did not improve those mercies it would be better they hail never known them. Let them review the fine country around them, and acknowledge God's greatness and the unmerited mercies He had shown them. How good was He to them! It was He who hail brought them safely hither, ruling the winds and the waves, giving them many comforts of life -a land which * little more than a quarter of a century ago was nude and uncultivated -a land which, like that which was given to the chosen people of old - a land of wheat, of the vine and the fig-tree, of the pomegranate and ot honey —a land which they might till and reap of its fertility. Flocks and herds roamed over their valleys, and over their plains waved the finest of golden wheat so abundant that they had sufficient for themselves and their less highly favoured neighbours. These were mercies of no mean value. But great as they were, they came not up to their spiritual wants; and beneficial as they were, they gave no right of habi tation in the great Heaven above. Were these mercies? Great as they were, creat should be their obedience and gratitude to Him who gave them. O might God let the doctrine of the Cross be faithfully preached, and the means placed at their disposal be used to destroy the natural enmity of the mind of man to God, and fill the soul with gra- titude. It was impossible for them to discharge the great work until they came under the influence of the Spirit of Grace. Go, then, into the sanc- tuary with eager hearts, and there will be God— ' Wheresoever two or three are met together in My name, there am 1 in the midst of them.' If they would enjoy the blessings of God, let them improve the means of grace. Let it not be said that the doctrine of grace tended to a life of sin. Christians think nf that cause which Christ came to promote. Who would not rejoice at good wrought iu His name, and at additions to churches iim congregations sucu as mis! in supporting such a cause, they were supporting one which would lead them to an immortal crown and a unanimity of heart and exertion. The various denominations at that gathering had met together and laid aside their various names, and were there lending each other aid in promoting the means for the extension of the grace of God. Let it continue to be so, and the only rivalry to exist amongst them be that of striving to see which of them could bring the greatest number of souls to God. To those assembled around him in such a case as this he would say, give with cheerfulness, give boun teuusly ; it is the cause of God and truth, and shall promote then* own interests and those of their fellow-men. The congregation here sung the 132nd Psalm, which was given out by the Rev. James LyalL and a fervent prayer on behalf of the Church and those assembled, offered by the Rev. James Maughan, concluded the ceremonial. An amount of £72 16s. was placed on the stone in various suni3 by the people surrounding the platform. At half- past 5 o'clock about 500 persons were seated at tea in White's Rooms, where an abundance of every kind of confectionary had been laid out, and where a very pleasant and social hour was spent, preliminary to The public meeting, held in the same place at 7 o'clock. A psalm having been sung and prayer offered, The Rev. James Ltall opened the proceedings by ' stating that he had just received a note from the gentleman who was expected to preside and to have addressed them, apologizing for his unavoidable absence. He knew that the native modesty of the gentlemen present would prevent them from coming forward to fill the vacant chair, and under those circumstances he would with their permission take it himself. Having alluded to the services of the day and to the work which they were endeavouring to carry out, he said he had felt much encouraged by the magnificent donations of the members and the representatives of various denominations-^applause)-who had also manifested sympathy in their cause, and to whom he took th'at opportunity of tendering his heartfelt thanks. He then read as follows the report of the Building Committee:— It has been felt that the present is a fitting occasion on which to lay before the members and friends of the con gregation a brief statement of the origin and pro gress of the building movement In proceed ing to submit such a statement the Com mittee desires to express its gratitude to Almighty God for the countenance and direction He has vouchsafed at this point to erect its Ebcnezer to the honour of His name. In the month of November, 1S82, the congregation wa3 alarmed by the fall of a portion of the ceiling of the present church soon after the commencement of the morning service. A meeting was convened to take into consideration the question of repairs, when a larger subject was introduced, viz , the propriety of erecting a new church. At a subse quent meeting, duly called and held on the 17th December, it was unanimously agreed that the ! members of the congregation resolve themselves | into a Society for the purpose, and a Committee I was appointed to receive subscriptions and to cairv ; out the necessary details. The grounds on which , this decision was arrived at were chiefly as follows : -Pirit, the state of' the present building, which in the course of a short time would have required extensive repairs; second, the necessity Of pro viding more accommodation for the increasing numbers of the congregation, it having been found difficult to provide applicants with sittings; and we may just pay in passing that this difficulty continues to be felt, and that the congregation looks forward with eager desire to the enlarged accommodation to be provided by the new sanc tuary, the foundation-stone of which ha3 this day been laid; third, the desirability of securing a site in some more central part of the city, as it was known that many strangers coming to Ade laide had experienced a difficulty in finding the present church, and that the interests of the con gregation had thereby suffered. The first step taken by the Committee was to ascertain the amount of. subscriptions which might be relied upon. For that purpose an appeal was made to the members and adherents of the congregation, and slips were prepared in which subscribers might insert their names and the sums they intended to give. On Sabbath, 25th January, 1S&, the slips were returned, when it was found that the sum of above £900 had been promised— a result highly encouraging, consider ing that that day the weather was unfavourable and the attendance smaller than usual. Subse quently to that day other promises were receiyed, the amount subscribed up to* the present time being £2,132 19s. rJd., of winch the sum of £936 8s. M. has actually been paid. As the building is now in course of erection, it is hoped that the subscribers will pay the amounts they have pro* raised as soon as possible. The next point which required consideration was the selection of a site — a point which gave rise to prolonged and anxious discussion. Out of many sites whose claims were canvassed, the one in Flinders-street was ultimately decided on as being in point of position, extent and price preferable to the others. Every one in terested in the matter knows the position of the ground; the extent of it is 140 feet by 210 feet and the price is £70 J. Had a suitable piece of land, sufficiently large, and at a moderate cost, been obtainable on the west side of King William-street it would undoubtedly have been preferred, as our local habitation has so long been in that part of the city. There were other sites which were deemed more central but after a full consideration of the subject it was felt that the one in Flinders street more than others combined the various ad vantages already specified. It is hoped that this site may prove convenient to the congregation generally, and it is believed that the building now in course of erection will be much more likely than the present oue to attract the attention of members of our Church coming from the father land, and that from that source alone considerable addition to our numbers may from time to time be expected. It is unnecessary to detail all the steps which were taken to procure a suitable design. Suffice it to say that out of several competing desioms. the preference was given to that by Mr. Ueorge Abbott After some delay, tenders were invited. Out of six tenders, that of Mr. Michael NIcJIullen was accepted, for a sum of £4,423.' Ehe rev. gentleman here gave a statement of the principal features of the buililing as given above, md proceeded thus: Having submitted these state ments, the Committee desires to express its grateful sense of the hearty interest taken iu the movement by the congregation generally, and of the cordial sympathy expressed by the members of othar churches— a sympathy which, in tuauy iustances, has taken the form of handsome donations. The Committee would further embrace the oppor tunity of impressing upon the congregation the necessity for continued and prayerful elibrt, and of appealing to the friends present, and to numerous friends who are not present, for their sympathy and help. Tiie work in which we are engaged is great and arduous. The pecuniary responsibilities we shall have to meet are sufficiently formidable. Yet with a willing people inside the Church, with sympathizing and liberal friends outside, and above all with the blessing of the Great Head of the Church, we do uot fear the result It is a work for Gol, and we desire to keep His glory constantly before us as our great object The work would be too great for us iu our own strength; but with HU gracious c mntenanee and help we shall accomplish it 'The God of heaven he will prosper us; therefore we His servants will arise and build.' (Applause.) They would now call upon the choir to give them a little music. The Choir then gave in a masterly manner the anthem 'Messiah Reigu.' The Rev. J. Watsford, who was welcomed with manifestations of delight said he would much rather have come forward lifter some of the rev. gentlemen who were seated beside him had ad dressed them. Surely, the 5th of September would be a day of great interest to them for years to come. When he snid that on that day 45 years ago his eyes first saw the light, and his li--s first breathed the breath of life, they would admit that to him the 5th of November— (a laugh) -he should say the 5th of September— was a memorable one. He had just been thinking that now they had taken up their position opposite the church of the Rev. Mr. Mead -though not in opposition— they were not far from him, and that if the Rev. Mr. Gardner followed they would soon be alto gether. He hoped they would be so in more senses than one— (apylause)— and have a unity of purpose and unanimity of heart and feeling. The re solution the Chairman had placed in his hands \yas —'I hat the meeting expresses iu sympathy with the import mt work which the United Presbyterian congregation has undertaken, and its hope that the building now commenced may be successfully completed, and may become the scene of gracious Divine manifestation.' The work referred to in that resolution was the erection of a House of God, and he would say that it was a work deserving of support and sympathy. Tiiey had erected around them institutions for the promotion of knowledge; they had their societies for the benefit of each other; their libraries and mechanics' institution; their asylums for the relief of \ the needy ; yet there was no institution among them so pro ductive of benefit, and so deserving of their sympathy and support, as a House of God Many years ago a good man had said, during the utilitarian controversy, that the aim of life should be 'the greatest good to the greatest number;' and he hoped the same thing might be said of their cilbrts in Adelaide, for 'righteousness exaltetha nation, while sin was the reproach of any people.' But some had other wants and aspira tions than those in the world, and the erection of places of worship tended to supply them. In their places of worship the dying sinner was pointed to Christ, the sorrowful were comforted; and because it did this work a place of worship de manded the sympathy and encouragement of all Christians. But there were some houses of wor ship in the erection of which they could have little sympathy, and in which there were other mediators than the true one. In their churches or chapels no apostate Bishop was permitted to deny the inspiration of the Word of God, and in them no wooden cross was allowed to be placed between them and God, and he rejoiced that their means of prace were the justification by faith and Jesus Christ alone The Rev. 0. W. Evas' seconded the resolution. Though he had no particular subject on which to address them, he felt much pleasure in taking a part in that meeting. He was clad to l-e in a posi tion to congratulate them on obtaini ng a larger and more suitable building for the worship of God. and in a better part of the city, and where their exertions wouldenibraeea wider field of influence. Hetrusted that their anticipations would be realized. U'u friend had said the United Presbyterians were to be nearer neighbours; and why should .they not be nearer? He was glad he should not be any further away from them, and they would soon lie nearer their Wesleyan friends. They had hitherto been within hailing distance, and very cood frie.;ils. The resolution expressed a hope that the new sanctuary might become the scene of Divine mani festation, and he trusted that the work began that day would be the forerunner of a pure, long run ning stream of love where the comforter 'should console the mourner. The resolution was carried un inimously. The Hey. G. Storehouse remarked that while he heartily concurred in the sentiments and feelings expressed by preceding speakers, it de volved upon him to direct their attention to another subject namely, 'the Bible, and the Bible only, the rule of our faith, and our standard of morals.' They would, he said, at once per ceive that it was quite impossible to do justice to a subject like that within the short space of time allotted to each speaker. Hence he loutdouly venture a few general observations. A few years ago the Bible was regarded, at least by all those who called themselves Oliristian-s as a sacred book, a veritable Divine revelation, quite sufficient to guide our conduct here and to conduct us to a better world hereafter. But it seemed that men had become wiser now they had dug deeper, and it had made them ' profound.' They had at length discovered that the Bible was not in any respect so valuable a took as they once thought it to be. It had its uses, like other ancient records ; but may continue very well without it. The authenticity of the books that compose it with their dates and their authors, were alike called in question; and what was far more grave, their Divine inspiration was doubted or denied. But it need not occasion much anxiety or alarm. The Bible would triumph over its new assailants just as easily as it had done over its old ones. Where were now the subtle sophistries of Hume, or the ribald wit of Voltaire, or the coarse and vulgar abuse of Paine? They were gone to the ' limbo of all the vanities,' and the 'Essays and Reviews' were following. So was Colenso, with his blundering Hebrew and his schoolboy criticism. It was true that Colenso had not quite gone yet for he plainly belonged to that numerous tribe of authors who for obvious reasons con tinued to write as long as persons could be found to buy. Let the demand cease, and not even his zeal for truth would suffice to preserve him from his doom. And the world had just been favoured with another contribution from the infidel school — 'Renan's Life of Jesus'— beautiful and brilliant, and fascinating in its style; but from the first page to the last one monstrous ro- mance— the production of an accomplished and highly distinguished Frenchman who had put down his own wild dreams, and had dared to call them history ! That marvellous book— for such it was in many respects— would doubtless have its day, and then follow the rest to make room for some new assailant. Verily the Bible was at once the best tho most useful, the most widely cir- culated, the most extensively read, and yet the most maligned book in the world; and maligned, too, by men who but for its light would still have been in all that per- tained to moral and intellectual condition in much the same state as a Hindoo or a Hottentot The way in which those sages did it was worthy of notice. Their arguments were for the most part stale, and have been again and again refuted. But yet they wrote as if their objections were quite new, had never been answered, and never could be. In a superficial 'touch-and-go' style, the most solemn and momentous questions were disposed of. A mere hypothesis neutralized the most important facts— a sneer annihilated Judaism— a law, as it was called, consigned Moses with all his learning and miracles to hopeless oblivion. The 'use and progress' of all religions were now so well understood that nothing was easier than to prove that all had been the work of fanatics and impostors. So they wrapped it up, and professed to be at ease in their conclusions and well satisfied with the fruits of their philosophy. But was it not a strange and sorrowful thing that any one should wish to prove the Bible false — should wish to cut themselves off from all intercourse with the Supreme Intelligence, and from the hopes and consolation which it yjelded? But that they did wish it was evident from the animus which pervaded almost every sceptical production. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to speak on the arguments advanced against the Bible and to show the fallacy of the ' difficulties' which were said to be connected with believing the Bible to be a revelation from God re- marking that it had survived not only the bitterest hostility of its enemies, but the folly and fanaticism, the superstition and inconsistencies of its pro- fessed friends. In concluding, he remarked that the controversies of the present day were amongst tho most hopeful signs of the times. Not only were they awakening the attention of men to the Bible, and the Bible only, but they would be the means of carrying its light into every nook and corner of 'our ecclesiastical structure;' and when the cobwebs had been swept away, and the rubbish cleared out, and the dust had subsided, men's minds would settle down into calm and intelligent enquiry. The thought - en- chaining trammels of human systems would be scattered to the winds, and the humble, temperate, and prayerful study of the Scriptures, is the only and sole authority, would issue in a greater simplicity and oneness of sentiment— more entire cordiality of feeling and union of prayer and effort among all the people of God. [Applause.) Choir— Anthem, 'Blessed be Thou.' The Rev. J. Gahdneb, having made a few pre liminary remarks, stated as his reasons for not being present at an earlier stage of the day's proceedings that he had been detained for about six hours it the Competitive Examinations— (laughter) -and there might be a few more 'glimpses into the un seen ana unknown.' (Great laughter and ap plause) He thought the Chairman had shown wise discretion in selecting the Rev. J. Watsford to address them as he had. He had told them he was a warrior of 45 years, and he certainly had shown a strong determination to abide by the 5th of November (instead of September), and he was inclined to believe that he had come there to blow them all up. (Loud and continued laughter.) The rev. gentleman then delivered, in an able manner, an address on the subject 'An orthodox creed; its importance to the comfort of individual Christians and to the prosperity of Churches.' Choir—' Blessed be the Lord God of Israel.' The Rev. F. W. Cox gave a very interesting address, abounding in practical wisdom, on the topic 'The spirit in which all work for Christ should be undertaken.' The rev. gentleman showed from Holy Writ the true spirit which should actuate the Christian in his intercourse with the world and the principle by which he should be guided when engaged in any work of Christ for God loved a cheerful giver. In an earnest manner he directed his auditory to that spirit of love which should pervade their actions in all the various missions of help and mercy which were sometimes the duty of a Christian to execute. In com forting the sick, or cqntributina a sum to a sub Bcription-list their actions should be prompted by a spirit of love, and not for the purpose of advancing a particular cause, or to supplement a subscription list according to what others had given. The spirit of love which should be constantly before them in carrying into effect the various workB of Christ was not the glory of themselves, but the glory of their great Master in Heaven. The Rev. A. Lxvr concluded the programme by a brief but appropriate address on The presence of Christ in the Church, the secret of her strength, and the pledge of her triumph.' The collection amounted to the sum of £58, which, with the donations laid on the foundation stone, makes a total of £130 lfe. The customary votes of thanks to the ladies and the efficient choir which enlivened the proceedings having been tendered, the meeting was brought to a termination by the staging of the doxology and the pronouncing of the benediction. 