THE WEEK'S NEWS. Parliament.— a'c im icr.-. auu that Parliament trill not meet for the dispatch of business till ah jut the 27th of May. The Ocean Mail Service.—The November Australian mails were conveyed to London in the short sp ice of forty-lour days from Sydney. The Aus rutin i Gazcite thus notices the facts: At Point de Galle the mails were transferred to the Caudia, which arrived at Suez on the hist December, lire days early. Fortunately, the Marseilles portion of the mails was brought on by the French Imperial mail steamer Mirris, which left Alexandria ou the 1st January, without waiting f there until the 4:1). They arrived, therefore, most unexpectedly at Marseilles on the 7th January, and were delivered iu London early ou Saturday morning, liaviug been only forty-four days on the passage. We believe that arrangements might easily be made by which this may be always effected, 'l'be service is already conducted in the most satisfactory manner, but the mails are con stantly arriving at Suez before the vessels from this side which are to bring them ou can possibly arrive at Alexandria." Murray Customs.—We understand that a telegram was received by the Treasurer from Sydney on Saturday last, informing him that the New couth Wales Government had decided upon placing a border Custom-House tit Echuca. The .duties upon goods from Adelaide- destined for New South Wales will be collected for the latter colouy by our own Government, probably at Blanchetown. . Public iVorks.—The following tenders have been received at the Engineer and Architect's Office-.—For gas-fittings at the Adelaide Hospital —W. Hooper, £155 ISs. (accepted); W. C. Buik, £159 17s.; D. Hodgson,"£185; H. L. Vosz, £19J For alterations and additions to Telegraph Station at Normanville—J. Birtwistle, £255 (accepted); W. McEwaii, £2(i). A 2?ew Inddstet.—A new kind of industrial pursuit in Victoria is thus announced in the Ararat Advertiser:—" A new industry," and ap parently a very profitable'one, has developed itself in this town, in the shape of a iiive- hawker, or hawkerofbecs. Theapiarian, ifwemaysocallhim, sold the whole of his stock in the course of a few hours, at very good prices—£15s. per hive beiugilie Standard price. Thoic was quite a rush for the novel wares by the owners of gardens who were ortuuate enough to be iu time." Deep Sea Fishing.—The Melbourne Herald says;—"It appears that GeeloBg is to -have the honour of taking the first practical step towards establishing a deep sea fishery. We glean from the Gccloits] Advertiser that the construction of a 30-ton cutter cf clipper model is being arranged for deep sea fishing in Bass's Straits. May the project arrive at maturity, and so important an enternrise nrove successful." -Houses roa Ixdia.—The Utopia took on board last "Saturday 11S horses for Madras. There were in the mob some fine animals; wc may mention especially Seliar, the well-known grey gcldiug, the property of Professor HalL Philosophical Societt.—The conversazione of the Philosophical Society on Tuesday evening, March 22, was very successful. His Excellency and a large company of ladies and gentlemen were present Two new members were admitted. A handsome photographic apparatus was pre sented^ Mr. J. H. Clark by the Chief Justice on the part of the Society, and a short but interest ing paper was read by Mr. Maughan on the utility of the microscope. The ladies and gentlemen afterwards spent considerable time in examining the microscopes and other objects of curiosity provided for the occasion. The .Rev. T. Q. Stow.—The friends of this late lamented gentleman will be glad to hear that it is intended to erect a tablet to liis revered memory in the North Adelaide Congregational Church, the interior of which edifice is being now completed. It is thought that such a tribute would be a simple but touching acknowledgment of the worth of his truly catholic and Christian labours. Mare espe cially there were claims upon that congregation for esteem and respect, inasmuch as the llev. Mr. Stow laboured so long and so well in establishing a cause in that neighbourhood, and because their very existence as a Church was the result of his arduous labours. ' . \- Lefevre-terrace Baptist Chapel Anki veesabt.— The fourteenth anniversary of the Lefevre-terrace' Baptist' Chapel, North Ade laide, was commemorated, by a tea and public meeting, which was held in the usual place of worship, on Tuesday, March' '22. At the tea meeting, which took place at 6 o'clock, some 250 persons were present. An abundance of the cus tomary edibles was provided, and the social gathering apparently derived great pleasure frcm the lively conversation aii'ordcd lry the meeting, which was very fully attended, and passed ofi" in a manner evidently satisfactory to all present. Shortly.after 7 o'clock the tables were cleared, and the public meeting commenced, presided over by ; Mr. It. Tariton, who in opening the proceedings remarked that on those anuiversarial occasions it was their duty as Christians to salute one another. He saluted them from his heart, and bade them "God speed." He then introduced Mr. Charles H. Goode, who delivered his promised lecture, entitled " Recollections of a Visit to Italy in lSiii" The lecturer commenced Ills discourse by stating thai he and his wire started from London on Thursday, April 13, 1S52, with the intention of visiting Rome,. where by a prearranged plan be , was to meet the llev. W. Laadcls. On entering Borne he felt somewhat disappointed at the dingy ; appearance of the houses, which contrasted very unfavourably w.'h the cheerful-looking dwellings in tire towns o£ England. The marble palaces respecting which he had heard so much too, were yellow with age. Fortunately, on the evening after his arrival the city was illuminated by a pyrotechnic display which exceeded in grandeur that on the occasion of the Princess Alexandra into London. Tt must have cost some thousands ■of pounds, and there were from 109,009 to 209,000 persons present. The ceremonial in connection with St. Peter's on Easter Sunday was an imposing eight, the pomp and state of Ills Holi'mess being grand in the extreme. Having detailed the various incidents of a visit to the Coliseum, reference was made to the Gladiator's Well, which bad served, the purpose of aliayiug the thirst of those who bad been engaged in the mortal strife enacted within; to the passage by which the wild.beasts | were admitted into the arena; anil to the wooden J cross, fay kissing which plenary indulgence for seven years might he obtained. Cesar's Palace, which was in ruins, was next inspected. In some places .'the walls - were 12 feet in thickness. Other plades of Ies3 magnitude. were also visited. The lecturer here gave an account of a small piece of worm-eaten wood, wMch was alleged to have once formed part of that table from which our Lord partook of His last supper The stairs which our Lord had ascended to reach j Pilate were also seenby the lecturer. By ascending' these on the knees a iuH indulgence of nine years j was granted. He felt inclined to make the ascent in the position prescribed, hut as his friend Mr. j Lanilels declined to join him in it, he did cot care j aboutyeuturiagalone. {Laughter.) An other sight I of magnificent grandeur was the lighting up of the I dome of St. Peter's, which, he need scarcely j remind them, was intended tosymbolize the light of the world. The Cathedral of St. Peter's was, built on a spot which? was supposed to have been : the sreneof Peters deith. The present stricture, I which was erected from, the design of ili.hael Angelo, cost, the enormous sum of ten millions sterling. ; The lecturer: having adverted to the beautiful sculpture, the elegance of the mosaics, and to an excellent statue in bronze of St. Peter in the Cathedral, the Vatican picture galleries were nextalludedto.thecelebrated paintingof theTrans . figuration by ilafiaellc affording him rnuqh grati fication, and.'the sight of which, he said, lie should eVerrecollect,. While in Borne, .they obtained a view" of His Holliness. They were favourably impressed with his benevolent appearance, and, as it, XXKUU V*. *»•-*«-» nvuiu immu iiU excel lent grandpapa. XJianghter.) The Pantheon, the' Appian Way, by which St. Paul entered Bome 18 centuries since, were alsoobjects of great,interest. Tin* miasma Jn, the vicinity of i-lie tombs, which the lecturer said were some 12 miles in length, was so injurious that tlie people could not reside-hear tliat place. The visit to Naples (Victor Emmanuel's, entry happening at the time) -audi the ascent of Vesuvius were severally described -ina pleasing manner. -An-interesting account was Riven ofa journey across theAlps, He conclude:} by pointing to the lessons taught by the present state of Borne and the ruined cities Herculaneum and Pompeii, the ■ carvings oil the doors of some of the houses of those places still evidencing the - low depth of degradation reached, by the inhabitants before their destruction. As tlie Chief Justice had the. other evening remarked, they showed that a con tanned course of wrong-doing entailed punishment in the . end. The lecturer on resuming his seat was -warmly applauded. Some large-sized photo graphic representations , of the Coliseum, the Pantheon, the ruins of Caesar's Palace, &c.;, spe cimens of sec rise, lava, brimstone, and some other cariosities, -jnciading a small marble" 'embossed likeness of the Pope, were exhibited at the-close of the meeting. The.Bfit. J. Gardner proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which having been seconded by. the iter. J. Jelferis, was carried unanimously. The Hfialmian said > per haps .some of tins friends-present were not aware that ft manse had recentjy heen erected for . thsir;.pastor, .tic .^ooehouse; -sind 'he trusted; they would assist in liquidating thedeht that nowTemained on it. Axollcction was then made, the result of which was a sum of .£20. Mr. E. S. Wigg had a veiy pleasant duty to perform" It was to'make a prescntition to a lady, whose Constant attention te^re^dnties she liad imposed -undn herself had eliafced gratitude. The, ladyhealiuded to was Miss Stonehouse, who had for some time past presided at the harmonium, and who; would pot accept iuyireinuueratiom He had great pleasure in presenting' her with a purse of monsy which bad been subscribed by some of the congregation. He fctiewshc would, accept it, not fonts intrinsic worth,, but ns a alight testimonial of their esteem. The Rev. 'G. Stonehouse suit ably tiiahked them on his daughter's behalf. Mr. Broohmaii, sen., proposed "a vote cf thauJcstq the Chairman and tlie ladics. which, having been Bsxwped by Dr._Wftwjer, was c^ie^/' This closed fee proceedings. " ■ Coal.—A specimen of a bituminous substance, supposed by its discoverers to indicate the existence of coal, lias been sent to our office, where it may be inspected by those who are curious in such matters. Jewish Phayeii axd THAXKSGrvrNC.—The following form of prayer and thanksgiving was read iast Jewish Sabbath in the Synagogue, Adelaide, agreeably to a request by Dr. Adler, Chief liable, from whom the form had been received, and who had appointed it to be read in ' all Synagogues under his charge on the lG'th January, or the Sabbath after its receipt " Lord of the universe! God of mercy and loving kindness; Thou tnkesc n>a■■ under Thy heavenly protection even from birth, and deereest for generaiions yet unborn. Our lips fail in thanking Thee worthily for the exceeding goodness Thou hast shown unto us, that Thou hast vouchsafed to visit with salvation Her Jioya! Highness the . Princess of Wales. Thou hast lightened her travail; yea, even before her pain came she was delivered of a male child; a scion of the Royal House was bnrn.t'i the delight of the whole nation and the joy of his illustrious father, the heir to the throne—His Ifova ILglme-s the Prncu of Wa'es. j O God, in Thine abundant mercy watcli over ; the mother and her child. Sustain and strengthen j her so that she may regain her vigour. Keep thy ■ protecting hand over the babe: shield him under thy wings. May he grow in health and strength; ( mayhe bloom and flourish like a vine-tree; ana as i Thau pourest water upon the parched soil and 1 floods upon the dry ground, so abundantly grant | liim the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the j spirit of counsel and might, so that he may delight and rejoice the hearts of bis august parents. Shepherd of all nations through whom monarJ s rule! Great has Thy goodness been towards our most gracious Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria. Tliou hast caused her to inherit the roval crown of her ancestors. Her children, like olive plants, surround her throne. From the rising of the suii unto the setting thereof myriads dwell under her sceptre who are bound toiler by the tie of affection and sympathy. And this was yet a small thing in Thy sight. O Lord God. Til »u hast also ordained her house for a great while to come, and hast highly regarded herin Thine eye by e»tahlishingher throne on a firm foundation, and by granting unto her a grandson—the hope of coming generations. O continue to gladden lier with Thy countenance, prolong her life, exalt her glory, and let her long rejoice in Thy salvation Grant lliat this royal offspring may be a restorer of her life, so that she may forget her sore grief. Heal with Thy balm the wound which is still bleeding; soothe her afflicted soul with Thy heavenly solace. May children of the third and fourth generation lie brought up upon her knees. Source of all blessings! TI1011 hast showered down thy blessings upon the inhabitants of this empire with great abundance. Tiiou hast made it a beacon unto all the countries of the earth, for within the land mercy and truth meet, and righteousness and peace loss each other. In the enjoyment of happy freedom and undis turbed tranquiUitv, each man dwells in bis cottage as in a palace. Thoa hast made this a prosperous and united nation, and. hast given us in the new born Frinee a bright feature o. hope andpromise; a renewed pledge of peace and prosperity. Deign, O Lord, ever to sustain and to strengthen them by Thine arm of righteousness so that they may never he moved. Hasten the time when all man kind shall serve Thee with one spirit, one heart, and one consent. Amen."' Child Lost iu the Scams.—It appears from the letter of our own correspondent at Wallaroo that the child lost, as. stated by him in a former communication, has not been found alive or any clue to its remains. The bereaved parents having continued the search long after they ceased to hope, have at length given it up, despairing of ever knowing in this world the fate of their little one. Mb. Stuart the Explorer — we understand tliat Mr. Stuart has taken his passage for Europe 11 the Indus, which is expected to leave Port Ade-. laide in abatst three weeks from the present time. Mr. Stuart's intention is, we understand, to take un his residence with his sister in Scotiaud. His sendees to the colony, and to the cause of geo graphical discovery, entitle him to a niche in the temple of fame. \Vc hope he may be long spared to enjoy the reward bestowed upon him by the Parliament of South Australia, and (o forward the interests of Australia by the dissemination of in formation with which he is richly stored. Bursting of a Watekpipe.—On Tuesday afternoon, shortly after 2 o'clock, a jet of water was seen to spring from the carriageway in Sturt street, and rise to the height of the two-storey houses adjacent. The street urchins were delighted with the nncxpected fountain, and dashed through the falling shower it occasioned like so many New foundland puppies, to the detriment alike of their clothing and their mammas' tempers. Constable Herman happened to pass on his way home from duty, and seeing the state o£ the case posted off to the turncock, who quickly arrived and put an end to the waste of water and the play of the boys. A number of men were soon afterwards sent by the Manager of the.Waterworks, and tbey removed the damaged portion of the service-pipe and sub stituted a sound length in its steqjL Mosic AT THE Botanic Garden.—It appcaTS that the idea of securing.afternoon musical per" formsnccs at the Botanic Garden has been aban. doned. This is to be regretted, as music would add great y to tlie existing attractions of that charming place of recreation. Many who now derive great pleasure and benefit from rambling through its sinuous and well-kept walks, rcmarkm; the splendour of the flowers and the beauty and diversity of the foliage, or inhaling the exquisite odours of nature's perfumery, would have their pleasures greatly enhanced by the addition of sweet soutuls discoursed by competent musicians It is tantalizing to see in the Melbourne papers daily announcements like the following:—"The Head-quarters Band will play this afternoon at the Botanical Gardens the following pieces of music:—Overture, "Stahat Mater,' Rossini; qua drille. 'Linda,' D'Albert; grand selection, "Martha,' Flo tow; grand overture, 'Faust and Marguerite,' Sicde; waltz, 'First Love,' Farmer; grand selection, 'Les Huguenots,' Meyerbeer; galop, 'Llosalien,' Kiihner; 'God Save the Queen."' Or the following extracted from Sydney paper:—"The band of the Sydney Bat talion Volunteer Rifles v. iil perioral the following selection of music this afternoon, at 4 o'clock, at the Botanic Gardens:—Programme—March, 'Let nie kiss him for Jus mother,' Jones; waltz, 'Bianca,' Laurent; selection, 'Norma,' Bellini; quadrille, 'Orfec aux Enters,' Strauss; galop, 'Commemoration,' Gallon; 'God Bless tliePrince of Wales; "God Save the Queen., Director—Mr. Douglas Callen.'" Spoeting.—OuTkursday, 17th,beingSt. Patrick's Day, some very good sport was got up at Kapunda, where races were held on Mr. Norman's section, about two miles from the township. The following were the winning horses:—Town Plate (£10, with entrance added)—Mr. J. Shannon's br.g. Waterloo, beating two others.; Farmers' Purse (£7 10s.)— Mr. J. Reynolds's b.g. Blind Eye, beating three ! others; Eogskin Saddle—Mr. Austin Daly's br.m. Brown Bess, heating five others; Ladies* Prize of. a gold watch, valued a; £7—Mr. A. Brown's b.m. Kate, beating three others; Bridle, Whip, and : Spurs—Mr. Wariag's br.m. Miss Sarah, bearing three others; Hurryskurry—Won also by Mr. Waring's Miss Saralx. .Gas.—The gas-pipes have been laid along the. road connecting North and South Adelaide, also n some of the principal parts of the northern division of the cRv. Lecture at the Ikstitute. —The Reading Room of tlie South Australian Institute was crowded on Fridiy evening, March IS, with a highly respectable audience to hear aleeture by. the -Chief Justice oa the present conflict in America. Mr. If. lilyth, M.P., presided, wnd after thedelivery of tbe lecture a hearty vote of thanks;, was accorded His Honor. : • . . The iate Accident, to Mr. Keplet.—We are happy to hear that Mr. Kcllet has recovered from the effcAts of -his severe accident on the Hackney-road. The Murray Trade.—The Federal Standard of the 9th March says:—"The steamer Riverine arrived at Wahgunyah yesterday afternoon. She brings flour, wheat and spirits, part of the cargo of the Lady Daly. The passage of the Riverine from Echuca to Wahgunyah at this season of the year, when the river is at its lowest, clearly demon strates the fact that the River Murray can be made navigable all the year round. Mr. Shelley, the gentleman who is appointed to carry out the clearing of the river, arrived in Waligunyali from Melbourne on Sunday. He lost no time in setting about his work. He purchased a boat and stores, and engaged his crew early on Monday morning, and in the afternoon made a start down the river. A number of gentlemen of Wahgunyah assembled to see him off and wished him every success in the carrying out of his undertaking. He intends to survey a channel from Wahgunyah to Echuca wide enough for a steamer. The necessary machinery for snagging will be at Echuca on his arrival, and now that the river is -very low lie wiii lose no time in making a start The clearing will commence at Echuca and Mr. Shelley intends first to take out those snags that are underwater, leaving those that are plainly visible for another trip. The promptitude with which he has set about his work is deserving the highest commen dation." OlBCUMMCnnON.—Instances areoccuring which show certain defects in the existing electoral law that have quite a comic air. A case which happened a few days since will illustrate this. An Electoral Register in the suburbs registered a vote. during February, and it being an only one it in volred tiie .following:—Tn tlie first places the Registrar bid to fill up and issue an electoral right, and make an entry of the feet in certain books provided, to suit the exigencies of the Audit Act; next, the Registrar bad to visit Melbourne, and pay in at the Treasury the shilling he was supposed to ' have received ,for the right—the fact being that the elector, not having the necessary com about him, ran in debt for the amount. .That this paying in should be full and ample, some three or four forms were filled up and duly filed. After'this" it became necessary to make a statutory declara tion tOthe Audit Department, which waB:fol by a letter to the Clerk of.Petty Sesssions ,m the district forward!ng tire name of the elector, who' thus secured his political rights.1 The' Clerk of Petty SeBsions has then to call a meeting of Magistrates, who on a given day are to holda Revision Con t. The revision over "the name is sent to the Government Printer, who prints a supplemental roll for the sake of this one name. Copies are sent to the Begistrar, .whose duty .it becomes to forward two to. the Government and one to the Beturning Officer of the district. This lastiseblem iiy certified to and added to the stock of rolls till'an election brings them all into use. the Government to the expense of noteless'tlian £30.—Argus. 1?AT.U, ACCroENT.-DE.VTIT OP SlK. TOLL" Katkjse.— An accident fatal iu its results to Sir. J J. 11. Toll, of Nairne, occurred at Biakiston on , last Sunday afternouu. Mr. and Mrs. Toil at j tended divine service at Biakiston, and had to turn cut of a lane to get iii'o tbe tuaiu road? in doing so one of the wheels of their gig went tuto a drain, and Mr. Toll was thrown heavily on to the road. Mrs. Toll with great presence of mind threw her I weight to the uppermo.-t side of the gig, and by holding on desperately retained her scat until the horse righted the gig. The animal, however, : started oil' at a furious rale towards Nairne, hut was stopped by Mr. Benjamin Gray at the bottom of the hill. Mrs. Toll was, apart fwm the fright and auxiety about her husband, uninjured, and assistance was rendered immediately to air. Toil. I Dr. Weld, who had been at church, was promptly on the spot, and under his direction tlie unfor tuuate gentleman was removed m Mr. Light's cart to his residence. It was soon ascertained that Mr. Toll's injuries were so extensive as to leave, his age and corpulence considered, but slight hopes of his recovery. His collar-bone was broken, several of his libs were fractured, and lie had evidently sustained severe internal injuries. Dr. (jethiug, of Port Adelaide, son-in-law of Mr. Toll, was sent for, and that gentle-" man continued with Dr. Weld to attend the patient up to h s death, which took place ou Tues day evening, at S o'clock. This melancholy affair lias cast a gloom over society in Nairne, and will indeed he widely regretted, as Mr. Toil was a well-known colonist and greatly respected by all who knew hiin. Temperance Hall Bazaar.—The bazaar which commcaeed on Tuesday iu aid of the Temperance Hall fund was continued on Wednesday. The at tendance during the day was rather small, but in the evening the Hall wa- well filled. The stalls were presided over by the following ladiesStall, No. i, Mrs. .Tickle and Miss itaike; No. 2, Mrs. Nelson; No. 3, Mrs. Hill; No. 4, the Misses and Mrs. G. W. Cole; No. 5, Mrs. Newman. The refreshment-stall was attended to by Mrs. Swcetzer. Several pieces of music, both vocal and instrumental, were performed during the evening, Mr. T. King presiding at the harmonium. Mr. Perryman also contributed to the evening's en jo.vment by pitying his peal of bells. There was a very nice display of fancy goods in crochet, bead, and wool work, and also some very excellent fire screens and ceiling ornaments iu coloured paper. A beautiful group of wax flowers and another of j fruit, enclosed in glass cases, were very much admired. In the course of the day a gentleman from tbe country hauded Mr. Cole a subscription of £12 towards the Hallfund. The proceeds of the day's sale amounted to about £53, not including one of the tab'.es and the refreshment-stall which, added to the amount received the previous day, and including the donation mentioned above, makes a total of £92. The Anti-Tuax.-portattont Petition.— We liave been informed that supplementary sheets with signatures for the Auti-Transportation petition have been, received from the Corporation of Brighton and the Districts of Mount Barker, Mitcham, and Portland Estate. The sheets con taining these additional signatures, amounting to 402, have been forwarded to nu Excellency the Goveruor-iu-Cliief, with a request .that they may be laid before Her Majesty. Stbathalbvn.—Our Strathalhyn correspondent, in referring to the state of the country within the sphere of his observation, becomes gratefully j poetical. How the rent and competition-crushed farmers of England must envy the state of things described in the following idyl!:—" The weather is most delightful, and as enjoyable and cheering as Nature could render it. Our plains aire idy begin to show their fallows, whilst much of the pasture j land has still plenty of feed, and is producing fat | beef iu ahuudance. Our gardens are rich in rosy tinted and blushing fruit, and our barns are filled with grain from an abundant harvest, or if empty, the grain is represented in the banker's book or in the carefully-kept escritoire. Nature has this year flung her bounty broadcast across our plains, which goodness will doubtless be thankfully acknowledged by many an honest heart." Lacktede Bay.—The removal of the police trooper from the township of Kingston gave rise to apprehensions that the natives and lawless whites wouid, in the abseuce of official control, be guilty of great irregularities, the certain fore runners of ciime. Those apprehensions have been, realized already, and several disgraceful and dan gerous scenes having occurred, a public meeting was called on the ISMi instant, and very strong resolutions on the subject of police protection j adopted. A memorial to the Commissioner of j Police was agreed to, praying that the trooper receutly removed from Kingston may be replaced- j Pout Lincoln.—In regard to the late melan-! clioly loss of a boat between Port Lincoln and ! Wallaroo, a correspondent has forwarded to us the following information:—On Sunday, February £1, Sir. Fred. Ellas, of the firm of Elias & Strong, sheepfanncrs, Frar.kiia Harbour, missed his i passage to Adelaide by the strainer Lubra, and | having urgent business to transact, at once char- i tered a smail boat belonging to Mr. Crouch, uri ! oyster-fisher, and with Crouch and another man ; named Wm Butler, also un experienced seaman, j set sail for Wallaroo, hoping to airive there in less : than two days, the wind being fair and weather lovely. The boat they sailed in was called the Alice, and was formerly a sailing and racing boat I at Port Adelaide. She was purchased and brought j to Port Lincoln by Mr. Eolroyu about three years i ago. llather curiously, this gentleraaD, front I some cause, changed her name, and registered her ' as the Disappointment, and afterwards sold her to j Crouch, who has for the last year used her as an ' oyster and fishing boat. Mr. Elias posted all his | letters by the Lubra, and took with him only a . carpet-bag and two or three days' provisions. ! Having beau the guest of Mr. Hoh-oyd, that gen- I tleman had the previous day entrusted to his care i a gold watch of Miss EoL-oyd's, for repairs by I Mr. Davis, ia Adelaide. After missing the Lubra, ; Mr. Elias asked if the watch should be returned ; and not taken in the boat, for fear of any accident, i Mr. Holroyd laughed, and replied, "Oh, no; if it i is safe for you it is safe for the watch. Pray stili : take it." Directly afterwards the boat started with i every appearance of a pleasant run to Port I Wallaroo.. A week passed, and the Alice not ! returning people got anxious; but Mrs. Crouch ! thought that her husband had perhaps sold his I boat at-Wallaroo and gone on to Adelaide, as he j had talked of such a tiling.- This, therefore, pre- I vented. aDy great anxiety, and it was not until the j Lubra returned here on Sunday iast that the ' tidings were brought that the boat had never j reached Wallaroo, and that the Tatala had gone in I search other. Mr. Lock, aboatmaiinthis place, has : been sailing amongst the islands during the last ; week, but basscenco trace of the missing boat. I j believe the police have goue to search the coast j betw(sen this and Franklin Harbour; but it is the j prevailing opinion that a heavy sea struck the boat ■ and sent her down at once. C ouch has left a ■ widow unprovided for. Butler was an old men, | unmarried, and has been all liis life a siilor. Wc j understand that a telegram was received on Wed- - nesday by Messrs. P. Levi A Co.. from Port Wal- j iaroo, announcing the arrival there of a boat from Fjranklin Harbour^vritli the intelligence that the 1 blacks had seen a heat lying upon the beach, about | 40 miles below Franklin Harbour. Should this | report be correct, there is every probability that | the boat is that in which Messrs. Eiias, Crouch, j arid Butler left Port Lincoln several weeks avo to proceed to Port Wallaroo, hut of whom no tidbits have sincebeen received. . . , i JiLANCEETOWN.—By tlie letter of our respoudei'.t it appears that large flocks of slicep have recently passed illanchctown cn route for t he Darling.. The river is falling rapidly, and the Moelgewanke kad-gOne to Mauuum, and it is not intended to take iter again up the river this season. X considerable quantity c,f cargo awaited the Lady \ Daly, expected from Uoohva, so that quick dispatch j on her return trip may be rEiied on. Sir. 0. ! Peacock had arrived, and erected a new store in the I township. ] The Lancashire Bellringebs. —It will be seen by an advertisement in our business columns | that these artistes will give their performance in White's llooros on Easter Monday and the two j following evenings. We understand the perform ance on Easter Monday will be in aid of thefund for the relief of soldiers' families. We have no ' doubt the performers wi'l meet with a hearty wel come on their Tetarn to Adelaide. Special Excursion Trains. —We beg to call attention to an advertisement from the Manager ofBailways,' which appears in another column, announcing special excursion trains on the North line-on Easter Monday.' Beturn tickets will be issued at a single fare. Bremer Mine.—The following abstract of Captain Prisk's report on the Bremer Mine, under date March 22, l&Jl;, lias been handed to us for publication:—"In handing my report for the past moathlam pleased to be able to say that the mine still continues improving. The engine-shaft still carries stray branches of rich yellow ore, and although spare for sinking is not very hard. The end north of the 53 level is still bring driven on the slide, makingOre occasionally, We are getting nearer the 5 unction of Boundy's Lode, where we expect to meet with a valuable lade. ■ This level, south of the engine siraft, still continues to be very rich. Wc have holed No. 1 Winza on the cross branch, am! driven on it about 2* fathoms; yield .of ore about five tons per fathom. .Forty three fathom level south of the engine- shaft The slopes are looking well, and yield from four to five tons of ore to the fathom. The No: 2 and 4 Winze are going down tlirongli good lodes of ore most of the.-way, so there is no doubt of getting huge quantities of ore between the 43 and 53 levels. We have driven east and west of Lean's Shaft for some distance, but have met with nothing but a few small branches. This place, is stopped for a time. Quantity; of ore sampled-for the month 201 tons. The furnaces have been steadily at work during the month, wood coming in in sufficient quantities. Eeguius returned 69 (sixty) tons. The machinery and dressing-works all in good order."' Wellington Baces.—Our sporting readers will find in another part of this paper a full report of the Wellington Races. The CAm?Bm,iriaissTBSxs' at "Bobe.—The Campbell Minstrels .appear to have made a most successful visit to Bobe, and to have been jrigbly j appreciated, liotonly for their professional ability, • but; as a respected resident writes to us, for their ' personal coaduct'dunng thcirstay in the township. The Lite Bev, B. W. Newland.—The de- . cease of the late Bev. Eidgway William Ncwiand, j who was recently killed while proceeding to Encounter Bay, formed the subject of a funeial sermon by the Bev. J. Jcileris, at North Adelaide Congregational Chapel, on Sunday evening, March £0. The service was ren dered more impressive b3" a reference to j the fact that death had entered the houses of three separate families of the congrega tion within the past week. After alluding to the great amount of sickness which had lately prevailed in the province, and the large number of houses which had been desolated by bereavement, Mr. Jeii'eris spoke of the death of a youug lady of that congregation, and delivered the dying message she gave to him for the fellow-members of her Bible ciass:—"I shall not meet you again oil earth. 1 trust to meet you again hi heaven. Use I diligently every opportunity alibrded you of j learning about the Saviour." He then passed on to a consideration of the lessens suggested j by the Jile and death of the . iate Mr. Newlaud. These he said were—First, his self- ] consecration to the will of -God; second, i his continuous and self-denying service; and third, his simple and godly character. lie. passed in review most eloquently, and impressively ti.e various incidents in his life from which these lessons were drawn: but many of the facts he named have already been mentioned and need not be repeated. Mr. Jcfferis concluded liis dis course in the following words:—"I do not wonder at the title that he won. It was no title of mere courtesy or respect, but a title most endearing, and the most honourable that society can give to its elders. Throughout the South he was known asFatlierXewlaud, and his isana-ue that will never die. It seems almost superfluous to point out the moral. Oh, my hrethieu! well will it he with you if you are so respected in your lives, so mourned in your deaths, as was Father Newlaud. May He who has set before us an example that we follow it, enable us to follow this good man even as he fol lowed Christ." Adelaide Archery Club.—The first -meeting of the Adelaide Archery Club in 1S61 was held at the College Grounds on Saturday, March 19. Tiie weather in the morning arpeared threatening, hut towards afternoon it cleared up. A chilly wind, however, blew from the south-west, and must have somewhat interfered wilh the success of the archers. The prize offered by the Captain, Mr. E. T. Wildmau, was competed for on this occasion. The shooting commenced about half past 1 o'clock, aud at 3 o'clock an adjournment was made for lunch. It was continued afterwards until 5 o'clock, when the scores were made up, with the following result:—Miss Phillips was the winner of the prize, a handsome gold bracelet, with a score of ti—Miss Young making 4 points and Mrs. Lindsay scoring 1 for the largest number of golds. The method of scoring was as under :— For tbe greatest score at each distance, 2 points; for the greatest number of hits at each distance, 2 points; for the aggregate score of the day, 2 points; and for the greatest number of golds, 1 point. Cheers having been given for the winner of the Captain's prize, the company dispersed. The next meeting of the Club will be held on the 9th April. Scarlatina.—Our obituary tliis week coutains a melancholy record of the deaths of all the little ones of Mr. G. P. Simpson's family, Woodville, within sis days, of scarlatina. Gee at Fire at Smyrna.—We some days ago noticed the fact that Rabbi Abraham Alfrideri was in Melbourne collecting subscriptions in behalf of the Israelitish families reduced to desti tution by a great lire which occurred in Smyrna some years ago, and also in aid of a fund to erect housesof worship in place of those destroyed at the same time. The Rabbi is now in Adelaide, and his mission is recommended by the leading men of the Jewish congregations in Victoria and else where. The Widow of the Late Inspector Pet TINGEB.—We regret to have to announce. the death of the widow of the late InspectorPettinger, who, it will he remembered, was shot at Govern ment House on the 4th February, 1S62. The de ceased leaves three children to deplore their loss.I Legislative Council. Horse Accident.—On Saturday evening, about 6 o'clock, a boy in the employ of Mr. Evans, butcher, was riding down Hindley-street, when the horse, which was a valuable one, shied and ran into a spring-cart belonging to Sir. D. Bonham of the Young Queeu Inn Livery stables, which was standing in front of Mr. Morgan's, wholesale grocer. The horse in the cart was thrown down and the harness broken, about a foot and half of the shaft entering the abdomen of the other animal, making a frightful wound four or five inches in diameter. Mr. Leans was sent for, and killed the animal, as it was so much injured that there was no hope of its recovery. The affair was quite accidental. Sunday-School Festival.—On Wednesday last, the lGth March, the Sabbath-school children of St. Andrew's Church of Scotland enjoyed their annual festival, accompanied by their teachers aud various members of the congregation. They were conveyed in omnibuses to Mr. Johnston's lawn at Gien Osmond, where they amused themselves with games of various kinds. At S o'clock they were icgaled with tea and cake and abundance of fruit, and having then spent another hour or two in amusing themselves they were addressed by the Superintendent, Sir. C. Kerr, in a very earnest and impressive manner. They then sung a hymn or two, and after a cheer aud vote of thanks to Air. and Mrs. Johnston for their great kindness, they returned to town, happy and delighted with the day's excursion. Fine Arts. — The following announcement, interesting to artists, appears in the Melbourne Gazette.—"The Government of Victoria has deter mined to offer the sum of £200 for the purchase of a painting.or paintings, by an artist or artists resi dent in Australia, provided that such painting or pain'iugs possess sufficient merit to qualify it or them to compare favourably with the works of eminent living artists in Europe. Such painting or paintings to be placed in the Public Gallery of Art of Victoria." Every picture submitted must be painted and finished in oil, on canvas, panel or other suitable material, or in water colours. The subject of the picture is left to the judgment aud taste of the artist. The pictures will be publicly exhibited on aud after the 1st December, 1864, for one month. . Before the expiration of that period the Judges appointed to determine upon those to be purchased will decide as to which, if any, be so pu-chased. iiiE Grate of Thackeray.—We have been favoured with the following extract from a private letter, dated January 25, and written by a gentler man in London to his friends in South Australia:— "I went to see-the mortal remains of William Makepeace Thackeray consigned to their native dust. All the men of mark were there, including Dickens, Lemon, Taylor, and Cruikshanks, who j looked as if they had lost a friend and brother. I j walked by the side of Dickens from the Temple to | the giave, but the crowd was so great that we could not get near its side during the service, but were obliged to stand uncovered outside the throng. Dickens looked sad aud worn, and the hard lines of his face and his changing hair spoke, plainly of the approaching time when -his natural body will be no longer capable of holding that ever-active mind. As he passed along; the. oft-recurring sen tence, ' That's Dickens,' whispered front time to time, indicated that his face-was scarcely Jess known than his .works. After the service was con cluded, Dickens, and some other literary worthies who were present, passed some severe remarks upon the manner in which the Church ritual had been read by the clergyman. One of them re marked that, had the officiating minister spent but one of the live or six years he had given to Greek and Latin, iu learning a plain and distinct style of reading English, how much more impres- ! sive would the service have been. On any other i occasion I should have sought further aequain- ■ taoce with the man (Dickens) who, when I was ] with you,- I longed to sec; for I venerated the heart that could feel as his, and I admired the headtliat could describe those feelings as he has done." Fort Adelaide Artillert.—A eorresponden 1 sends the following:—"A meeting of the above! company was held oh Friday evening, March 18, * to consider tbe advisability or otherwise of con tinuing the above company, when the following resolution was moved:—* That on account of the irregularity of attendance of the members it is desirable the company should be dissolved,' which was carried by a'majbrity of the members present, w Inch amounted to about 19." South-eastern Rifle Association.—Circum stances conspire to make the approaching rifle matches in the south-cast not only a successful but a highly interesting event. The promised funds pour in most satisfactorily. The markers have been appointed, and an abundant supply of the most approved cartridges have been received, and will be retailed on the ground at-lOd. per packet. On Thursday last the return match was to come off between the hlilang Rifles and the Robin Hoods, and , on Monday there wiii. be a friendly contest on the Stratlialbyn range between the .City and the -Sirathalbyn Rifle Clubs. The following is a list of the -members of the Milang Rifles wlxo were to fire on Thursday in competition ■ with tire Robin Hoods:—Captain Rankine, Pri vates Dunk, M. llankine, Graham, A.Pavy, Balls, Oilman, Carnithers, Landseer, and Bishop. Mount Pltlakant Aceicdltueal and Hoeti citltctjial Show.—The second annual Show in connection with the Mount Pieasant Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held on Tuesday, March 22. In the various departments of grain, fruit,. vegetables, horse stock, Ac., there was a most successful and gratifying exhibition. The weather was delightfully fine, and tbe attendance vfas very" numerous. A dinner was. he'd in the evening at the Totness Tnn, which was presided dyer by Mr. A. B. Murray, M. P., Mr. A. Blyth occupying the vice-chair. Last- Week's " Land Sale.—In the notice of the land sale of last week supplied tons for publication there was an error of considerable magnitude, which we have been requested to correct. To Mr. W. W. Hughes, who purchased i 11 'sections in the Hundred of Hall, County of i Stanley,, were also set down 23 sections in the I Hundreds of. Gambier and Caroline,' County :-of : Grey, which were purchased by Messrs. Green and Wadham for Mr. W. ff.'T.'CImfc * Native Pater.—A correspondent, Mr. li. Black, of Onetree Hill, has sent to our office a most inte resting specimen of paper made apparently without hum m intervention. It appears that a native flax plan: grows in great abundance ou the Hermitage Cretk, Alma Plains, and that the sheep and cattle tra nple, at particular seasons, the dry stems to pow.ier in the vicinity of the watcrlioies, into which it is afterwards borne by the wind. The pulverized flax floats cn the water aud forms into large sheets of paper similar to the sped men sent to our office. 'Jur correspondent has sent us also some : seeds of the native flax plant referred to, and sug gests that it mulit be m this case, as in thousands of other eases it has been, advantageous to take a hint from nature's laboratory both as to the culti vation of the plant and the best means sf turning ; it to profitable account. ! Applications for Patents for Inventions : in Victoria.—The undermentioned persons have I applied for patents for inventions under the Act j \- > V'ictori i, No. 3, and have deposited their specifi- ; cations and drawings respectively at the Melbourne j Patent Office on the date specified, namely:— j John Hawoitb, of B'oomsbury, in the County of 1 Middlesex, England, gentle nan, for an invention of "An improved method of conveying clect'ic 1 signals and telegrams without the intervention of any continuous artificial conductor;" 22nd February, 3S81. James Jacobs and Thomas Mar tin, both of Willu..ga, in the Province of south Australia, slate quirriers, for an invention of "a new explosive compound;" 23rd February, 1S84. The Ocndacai —The executors of the late Mr. Younghusband have sold the Murray steamer Gunuagai to the New Zealand Government. The price, we believe, is somewhere about .=4,250. The vessel is intended to be used for tbe transport of stores and troops on the Waikato River—a service for'which she is peculiarly fitted from her small draught of water. Mr. Toerens on Transportation.— Mcliora, a quarterly review of social science, thus notices in its review of books Mr. Torrens's paper on transportation, which has been printed as a pamphlet, and published by 1'idgway, Piccadilly: —"Transportation Considered as a Punishment and as a Mode of Founding Colonies. By Robert It. Torrens, Esq., Lieutenant-Colonel AV.A. and Registrar- General of South Australia London: Win. ltidgwav, liifl, Piccadilly. A paper read before the - British Association for the Advance ment of Science, at Newcastle, is here reproduced as a pamplilet from the press of Mr. Eidgway. The writer complains that tlia ltoyal Commission which reported a short time ago neglected to take tiie evidence of Sir Henry Young and refused to hear that of Sir Charles Cooper-men eminently qualified to speak 0:1 the penal system, and from whom the Commissioners might have learnt that transportation, tested in every conceivable form, | had proved a failure, whether regarded as a deter- : rent to those lapsing into crime, or as a reformatory to those already enrolled amongst the criminal class; and that, whilst entailing enormous expense upon the mother-country, it demoralized the social condition and retarded the material pro gress of the communities which it was supposed to benefit.- Rejecting the evidence of men so eminently qualified to afford the fullest informa tion required-moreover in positions which free tliem from all suspicion of undue bias—the Com missioners exposed themselves to be influenced by 'those who regard the question exclusively from their peculiar stand-point as employes in the penal establishment of Western Australia. Lient. Colonel Torrens claims attention for his own convictions on the ground that these have been arrived at, not upon the testimony of others, but from his own observations during a recent visit to the penal settlements, and in a colony adjacent thereto, in which he held the Commission of the Peace for more than 20 years, during great portions of which lie was a member of the Executive and Legislative Councils. He makes a vigorous and weighty protest against transportation to any of the Australian Colonies, and concludes with the following minatory words'' It would take much to shake the loyalty and attachment of the Australian people; but injury may be overlooked where insult cannot. This would be felt as a wanton and intolerable insult by all thesecolonies; and the Minister who ventures to act upon the Report of the Royal Commission on Transpor- | tation and Penal Servitude will incur the respon- ; sibility of alienating the affections of a million and i a bait of Her Majesty's most loyal subjects, and ! will jeopardize the integrity of the colonial empire.'" Koewood Young Men's Association.—On Monday evening, March 21, the Bev. D. J. H. Ibbetson delivered a lecture at Bennett's School room, Norwood, before an assemblage of ladies and gentlemen which completely crowded the rooni, on "Natural Magic." Mr. R. Wells, Pre sident of the Society, occupied the chair. The rev. lecturer commenced by alluding to the study of natural magic in ancient times when the students of it employed their superior knowledge in striking superstitious dread into the minds of the less enlightened part of the community. . He spoke of the muffled thunder produced in some of the heathen temples; of the fountain which was reported to have sent forth wiue seven days in the year and water during the remaining days; and to other apparently wonderful efi'ects trace able to an acquaintance with some of the laws of acoustics, hydrostatics, and mechanics. Passing on lie gave a brief 1 but interesting description of the construction of the eye, referring particularly to the insensibility of: that part of the retina situated at the base of the optic nerve, which he illustrated by experiment. Among other interest ing facts connected with this subject, be snowed' that the nerve could not simultaneously act as a channel to convey-impressions from the brain to "the eye and from the eye to the brain. 'Reverting to the subject of ghosts and spectres, he observed that ilie greater number of such apparitions could be explained by natural causes, such as a peculiar condition of the mind, disease, spectral illusion, Ac., and gave an instance from " Brewster's Natural Magic," iu which a woman was constantly being visited by apparitions on which she was in the habit of experimenting; in order to prove their immaterial character. He next by means of the thaumatrope demonstrated how the image of an object was retained on the retina for an appreciable length of time; and then by a series of interesting experiments showed what strange results could, be produced from simple causes. A vote of thanks to the reverend gentle man was moved by Mr. J. Z. Seller, seconded by Mr. J. Wells, and carried with acclamation, and the meeting broke up. Some few remained behind, however, to witness further feats exhibited in connection with natural magic. ' The Mission of Sir Moses Monteitobe to Morocco.—The Jewish Chronicle says:—" The prospect that complete success will attend the mission of Sir Moses Montefiore is increasing day by day. Having been, owing to the introduction from the Foreign Office and the kind interest of the English Ambassador, received at Madrid by the Ministers, and favoured with audiences by the Queen and King, the worthy baronet and Ms companions set out direct for Tangier, via Cadiz. His arrival there was the moment which the Spanish Government most gracefully chose as a lit opportunity for yielding to the representations made not only by England but also, as we shall presently see, by France, Italy, and the United States of America; for a few hours after the arrival of Sir Moses the two prisoners at Tangier were liberated, "and the Spanish Consul-General declared at once that Spain abandoned all further proceedings against the other unhappy pri soners condemned to death, and who awaited their doom in the loathsome dungeons at Satii. This declaration of the Consul-General was forth with communicated to the Governor of Tangier, who promised to communicate without delay with the Sultan, and to procure an order for the imme diate liberation of the prisoners. A telegram from Sir"Moses to J. M. Montefiore, Esq., Pre sident pro lent, of the Board of Deputies of British Jews, lately brought this ■ pleasing news to our metropolis, and at a meeting of the deputies on Tuesday evening last the telegram was laid before them. We have said that other Governments besides the English have raised their voices against the cruelties on the coast of Morocco M. Drouyn de Lhuys having been appealed to by the French Universal Israelitish Alliance gave orders to the Freneh representatives at Tangier required to the occasion. The Italian Govern ment, appealed to from the same quarter, at once dispatched orders to its Consuls along the coast to protect the Jews from any acts of violence. The Cabinet of-Washington h iving been made acquainted with the particulars by a deputation from the American Jewish Board of Delegates at once made representations on the subject both to the Spanish and Moorish authorities. Thus, by the help of God, a grave danger has been averted from the 200,080 Jews of Morocco, against whom but for tMs timely interposition, false accu- ation upon false accusation would have keen raised. The Jewisli community owes a heavy debt of gratitude to the Powers which in'erposed in behalf of the unfortunate Jews of Morocco, but especially to Earl Bussell, wliotookthe initiative in the matter, who cast the halo of England's name around the j delegate of the English Jews—the high-minded Sir Moses Monteiiore—and lent him. the prestige of her power." Mb. George Thornton. — Several recent Sydney telegrams having announced the death of Sir. George Thornton, formerly Mayor of Sydney, and member of the Legislative Council, for the information of the friends of that gentleman a correspondent has sent us the following extract from the Sydney Morning Merald:—" About 50 brethren of the Masonic Lodge 267, LC., met on Friday week at Mr. John Clark's Assembly Booms, to bid farewell to Mr. George .Thornton, prior to his departure for England by the Duncan Dunbar. Mr. Thornton and his lady sailed in the Duncan Dunba'tm Sunday morning last." ; Adelaide Gymnastic and Fencing Club.— There was a meeting of the members at the Gym nasium, King William-street, on Thursday after noon, March 17. Mr. Stoddart, the Treasurer and Hon. Secretary, read: a financial statement, and inducted the necessity of an accession to the nu merical strength of the Club. The number of members, at present is about 50. In order to i become self- supporting the .Club should have at least 50 members, and with a view to procuring the requisite increase it lias been determined to hare on the 16th April a demonstration, which will be duly announced. Colonial Art.—The Htus'ra'ed Melbourne Post for March contains, amongst a variety of j pictorial subjects, a very good engraving of Go vernment House, Adelaide, by Sir. S. Calvert, formerly of Apollo-place, King William street, alter a steoroscopic picture by Mr. E. Hall, jun., of Hind lev-street. Elkcj'oi:al Rolls.—A leturn lias been pub lished showing the state of the Electoral Holts in .November, ISS'J. There acre then 25,!)2!) voters for the House of Assembly, and lJ.b'tfl for tbe Tub North Arm.—We have an "appendix' to tlie North Arm prospectus published some time ago. This appendix contains various reports, me morials, and extracts of evidence, all showing the desirabil.ty of a port being formed at the North At:u. One of the latest extracts is from a report of a discussion at the Chamber of Commerce m February last. 1 German Lutheran Church Anniversary Services.—The second anniversary of the German Lutheran Church was celebrated on Sunday, March 21, in the German Lutheran Church, Pirie streef, near Hi ml marsh square. Three sermons were preached-by the Rev. J. Rnediger in the morning, the Rev. F. W. Cox in the afternoon, and in the evening liy the Rev. C. Maschmedt. On Monday, a tea meeting in furtherance of the same , object was held in the Wesleyan Lecture-Hall, 1 Pirie-street, at 5 o'clock in the afternoon, when some 150 persons were present. At 7 o'clock a public meeting, which was tolerably well attended, was held, presided over by Mr. J. Coltou, SI. P. The Chairman said he regretted he could not speak to Ids German friends in then own language, but he felt satisfied that most of them would understand him. To a certain extent, the English language was forced upon his German fellow-colonists, and to this circumstance he trusted. Two years ago he had the honour of presiding in their neat little chapel. He trusted that some good had been achieved, and he was glad to find that the debt on the place was no more than £2 or £3. He congratulated them on that state of things, and hoped the time was not far distant when they would have to enlarge their church. He found they were in want of some water-spouting for the roof; hut their principal and greatest want was a harm -mum. He thought this announce ment would be quite sufficient, and he thought their Eoglisli friends, who w shed them God speed, would help them, as they were all one branch of the Christian Church. Having alluded to the want of new and suitable ministers, he pro ceeded to congratulate them on their temporal and spiritual prospcrty. The-Rev. C. Maschmedt (pastor of the Church), whose address was inter preted by Dr. Hubbe, expressed his gratefulness foi the many blessings bestowed on them during the past year. The rev. gentleman spoke of the advantages of Clixistian unity. He invoked the power of the Holy Ghost to promote the unity of the Church of Christ, and which he hoped would be the means of bringing many indifferent souls to God. The Rev. F. \V. Cox wondered who would interpret liis few remarks. He would, how ever, trust to that knowledge of the English language which the Chairman had said was forced upon his German Christian friends. Ho fully agreed with the previous speaker as to the blessings of unity, not only among Germans,. but Congregationalists. They had a kind of unity of platform there that night; and as to nationality, he could not see that they were far off, as they had all sprung from one common stock. The rev. gentleman then referred to the similarity of the German to the English language, and alluded to the inscriptions which were to be found ou some of the Greek Bibles issued from Bagster's, of Paternoster-row, to the effect that, although there were many languages among mortals, there was only one among im mortals. He trusted they would be partakers in that union above; but while they spoke of English and Germans, there, however, they met as South Australians. There were—and he had no doubt there would always he—many sweet associations and pleasant reminiscences to connect them with their fatherland and their mother-country. The rev. gentleman then proceeded, in a pleasing strain, to remind them of the great and numerous blessings which they enjoyed in this colony, and of their larger means of civil and religious free dom. Neither the German nor the English en-' joyed so much freedom in their respective, coun tries. Here they had no State Church. None of them were compelled to contribute towards the supportof a Churclithey never intended to worship in. He might enumerate other blessings, some of them .present . that evening had perhaps fled from home because they could not worship God as they chose. In this country there was nothing of the kind. -Such a thing was impossible under their Constitution. Then there was no conscription and no passports, but a great many blessings instead. He found, on looking over the Statistical Register, that there were as many as . 42 German places of worship for 10,000 people, for whom also there were 6,011 sittings; and then there were 17 ministers. '.This was a large number for the Germans. The Congrega tlonali.-.ts had only 41 places of worship, but then they had seven or eight and twenty ministers. He was sorry, however, to observe that the Germans had no more than nine Sunday-schools. The Con gregationalists had 34; and while the Gennanshad 10 teachers, they had 310. The rev. gentleman concluded a clear and comprehensive speech by expressing a hope that his German friends would' increase the number of their Sabbath schools. The Rev. J. ltoedigcr then addressed the meeting in the German tongue, and in au animated speech spoke of the manifold bles sings . God had vouchsafed to His people. He regretted the apathy the Germans evinced in religious matters, and urged the use of prayer birth at home and in their bouses of worship. The Oaairmau then read a letter apologizing for the absence of the Rev. Mr. Maughan, who, the Chairman said, had promised to be with them that evening, but who bad unwittingly overlooked an engagement made three weeks ago. Mr. liecl'.tel then addressed the audience in the English and German language. He trusted they wGuid imitate their English brethren in reli gious advancement, and that the Germans would think less of Sunday-pleasuring. He would "be. glad to see them go hand in hand like the Eng lish. (Hear.) It was painful for him to notice - that the Germans in Adelaide did not pay due respect to the Sabbath; but he hoped the power of-the Gospel would yet reach them. Air. Schaeffer then made a few appropriate remarks, comparing. the meetings chronicled in the Old Testament' with the tea meetings of the present day. Music also formed a-feature of ancient worship, and tliey must all contribute towards a harmonium for the:r own churcli. After some further re marks, the same gentleman, in seconding a vote ■ of thanks proposed to the Chairman by Dr. Hnbbe, earnestly thanked Mr. Colton for his kindness and aiso for the general assistance he had- given to their cause. The Chairman replied in suitable terms, expressing his very great pleasure in doing for them what he considered to be his duty. A vote of thanks was then accorded to the ladies; and prayer having been offered, and a hyinn sung in German, the meeting ter minated. The Coppep. AIaeket.—The following is an extract of a letter, dated 25th January, received by last inaii from the firm of Messrs. Lemonius and Co., of Liverpool:—''As anticipated in our last a further advance took place of £5 per ton in copper on the 1st instant, and again £5 more on the 15th. instant. The quotations now are £113 for un manufactured and £120 for manufactured. The imports of the raw material into Liverpool and Swansea during the twelve months ending the 31st December, 1553, have been as follows:— : ' . xti. weight Ores. Regulas. Barilla. Slab. Hue-copper Tons. 1863 72.979 18,065 912 9.470 31,324 1802... OS,947 30,160 1,110 9.749 40,326 Decrease in 1S53,9,002. Of this Cbili contributes 23,977 tons pure copper, against 35.439 tons in 1862, showing a decrease of 11,45 5 tons. In imports from other quarters there is an increase of 2,451 tous. The following figures will, we doubt not, also interest you, the stocks being estimated as approximating as possible:— Stocks of pure copper in importers* bands, Tons. Jan. L 1863 2&950 Stocks of pure copper in smelters* bands, Jan. 1,1SS3 3,000 Imports as above into Liverpool and Swansea 31,324 Produce of the Cormsli mines 11,500 Do. do. Irish do., with precipitates, burnt ores, &c; .„ 2,000 Total quantity available for smelters in 1863 76,774 Deducting present stocks with the export, we arrive pretty nearly at what the home consump tion of Great Britain has been:— Stocks of pure copper in importers' hands, Tons. Jan. 1, 1S64 3,000 Stocks of pure copper in smelters' hands, Jan. 1, 1864 6,000 Estimated exports, as per Board of Trade Returns, to .November 30 42,000 Estimated exnorts, as per Board of Trade Returns of foreign copper 4,000 54,000 Estimated consumption of Great Britain forJS53 22,714 According to these, there are 25,950 tons less in importers* hands and 2,030 more in smelters whilst no less than 68,774 tons pure copper have been moved away io the 12 months. Should this consumption continue upon anything like a pro portionate scale, with the probability of still further reduction for a time in Chili supplies, the prospects for the market for some time yefcwill be exceedingly good, and your shipments will do welL Present high prices must, however, stimu late production. On the 20th inst, the Bank of England again raised the rate toS per cent., which, with the successive advances of £5 per ton in a fortnight, and the disturbed state of continental politics, has somewhat checked demand, and to day the market is quiet. Ores, however, continue very firm, aad 29s. 6tL is readily Obtainable for good qualities." The Adelaide Muting Oohpanv.—A special general meeting of the shareholders was held on Friday, 18th inst., at the Norfolk Anns, when Mr.. Futcher presided. A written report was followed by a verbal explanation from Captain Er. . Plans of the workings were exhibited, and various sug gestions occasioned discussion, which eventuated in the issue of instructions to Captain By 1o prosecute the works undertaken with his present .appliances. Agricultural xsd Horticultural Socetit. —The muntlily Committee meeting of the Ag cultural anil Horticultural .Society IV a v lielii oil Fridnv, SSth in-t., at the Norfolk Arms. Present—• Mr. A B yth, M.P. (in the chair;, Mersrs. A. B. Murrav, M.P., E. W. Andrews, J. 11. Smith, anil P. Anderson; also, Jlr. i*\ S. C. Driffield (.Secretary). The accounts, as audited, were read, showing Receipts, £477 lis. I'd.; expenditure— Prizes, £lli2; expenses, £!7S 19s. Id.; hencoops, £5: total, £145 19s. Id.; balance in hand, £1:11 lis.; liabilities, £154 15s-; net balance, £?0 17s. The Auditors referred to the absence of any chink upon the gatekeepers, but stated that they were unable to suggest any. A conversation followed, from which it. appeared to lie the decided opinion of the : ommittec that they could, not do better than follow the course hitherto pursued of ap pointing men of known integrity and respectability as gatekeepers, and paying them well for their services. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Andrews, that the Auditors' report be received, adopted, and entered on tbe minutes; also, that the usual gratuity of 15 guineas he voted to the Secretary. The Secretary stared that he had received two or three protests which had arisen out of the circumstauce of the Judges having in one instance amended their certificate of award of the prizes for the best collection of greenhouse plants. It appeared that the alteration was made iu consequence of its having been pointed out to the Judges that there were amongst the plants to which they had awarded the first prize some which were classed by Loudon as stove plants. The Secretary thought the original award should stand, and questioned the propriety of its being allowed either by tbe Judges or the Com- ; rnittee Mr. Andrews argued that the Committee had an uudoubte : liglrtto amend the award if they ascertained that the exhibitor was disqualified, just as the Stewards in a race could disqualify tbe first horse on its being shown that it had. been entered falsely as to age. Mr. Smith maintained that it was impassible to take Loudon as an au thority in sueh cases as applying to this country, for the plants in question flourished in greenhouses here, as was well kuuwn by all who knew any thing upon the subject. The Secretary stated that he saw the plants growing three months, ago at Mr. (Jiles's, in a greenhouse, without airy artificial heat. Mr. Andrews remarked that that entirely altered the case, and be presumed that Mr. Smith's opinion as a practical man was correct. It was resolved to award the first prize (£2) to Messrs. Diles & Pascoe, in accordance with the original decision of the Judges. The award of the Judges of £2 "for the best 15 ornamental plants, not being greenhouse or herbarium," against which juessrs. tjriies ct rascoe protested, was connrmetf, Mr. Smith having no greenhouse in which such pla.its as he exhibited could be reared. Mr. Louis Ey protested against the award of the Ids. prize to Mr. G. A. Barileet for the best three pumpkins, on the ground that they were exhibited with three separate numbers attached to tliera. The Secretary' said that this arose from an accidental error of his clerk. The decision of the Judges was confirmed, (several special prizes having been recommended by the J udges, the Committee agreed to the follow ing : —Kidney potatoes, extraprize of 10s. to No. 1I-; game cock and hen; No, 7 pen, a third prize of 5s.; an apparatus for transferring wine from one cask to another by means of an air-pump instead of bellows, exhibited by Mr. Buttcrworth, AtL The Secreyjry, in conjunction wi>h the President, was authorized and directed to prepare and publish .an annual report of the proceedings of the Society, together with the balance-sheet aud names of the subscribers. The procee lings were terminated by 1 a vote of thanks being accorded to Sir. J. New- ; man, of Port Adelaide, for the use of the deco rative flags Jent to the Society at the late Exhibition. Adelaide Wesleyan. .Mutual Impkovemekt Association.—The usual monthly lecture, was delivered in the Pirie-street Lecture-Hall on Friday evening, Starch IS. There were - between' 100 and 150 persons present, and the Kev. J. Wats- .' ford (President of the Society) presided. The Eev. s N. Bennett,' who was introduced by the Chairman, then delivered his promised Lecture on ""Daniel," a Study for Young Men." The lecture was com menced by -a reference' to the 'birth "of Dameip which took place about 609 y&us; before Christ, at Jerusalem.' He, was of the royal line, and received Ms education with a number of -the .children of the nobility. He first -came- into notice by his miraculous interpretation of the King's dream. The rev. geutleman next spoke of the consequent rapid rise of Daniel in the scale of political great ness, and in glowing terms -described his provi dential escape from early death: Daniel next madehis appearance on the. occasion of the feast of. Belsiiazzar, at which, he miraculously de ciphered the hieroglyphics on the wall. Having: spoken of his rewards and the respect generally paid him, the lecturer, after glancing at the short lived exaltation of liis hero, drew the atten tion of the young men present "to the ap- i parently insurmountable difficulties overcome by.v Daniel, who, the lecturer-remarked, displaced disinterestedness when promoted, and never accepted the high favours bestowed, on l»im witli a view to" personal'aggrandizement.1. As a* study for young men, he exhorted them to inhale his true patriotic spirit, and not to allow-it to sow the seeds of discord. Daniel was next presented ; to the young men as a model of devoted pieSy., He was a truly religious man. In Epiritstiirmg: and' eloquent language the lecturer besought his audfence'tobe upanddoing. Tiicyshou;dnotmind difficulties—rather court them. There was no roya road to knowledge. It lay by the did highways pf industry, diligence,, and perseverance. I (Thh-ad vantages, too, of decision of character and firm ness of purpose were particularly referred to, and forcibly impressed upon the minds of the; young nieu. -A youth of vacillating-character would never command respect, because he jacked; these qua'iti-.s. Siich an individual was at the mercy of "every breath of influence,that,blew, upon him. He trusted, them that:his bearers: would not only form large plans,-; .but carry them to perfection. -Other excellent, re marks were made by the lecturer; whose discourse abounded-with illustrations from every walk of; literature, the sciences, moral and natural phi-; Josophy, and political jurisprudence. Attheedn clusion of the lecture, which was loudly applauded, ,1 theKev. J. Watsford, in proposing a vote of thanks to the rev. gentleman, paid a just eulogium to the" lecturer's abilities. The Secretary stated tliat the-i recitations would be held over till next mbntb.in; consequence of Good Friday lapsing a-meeting., The benediction by the President closed the pro-; ceedings. "" ....... . . _ HiNDiLiUSH. Institute.—On Friday evening last, March IS, the Itev. J". Maughan delivered a lecture in the Hindmarsh Institute, entitled. " A Journey with Dr. Livingstone through Central. Africa." There was anexcellent attendance. . The •Jtev. S. L. Harris presided! Hie expressed .his I pleasure in seeing such a good attendance after: the numerous disappointments to. which they had been subjected. He said the subject to which they were about to listen, was one of very consi derable interest. There was vety little known about Central Africa; but it was important that ' the little that had recently been discovered should ' be extensively circulated. In the"hands of Mi.-; Maughan he was sure the subject would be treated in an interesting and coinpre hensive manner. The Rev. J. Blaughan sa;d' when a man -was desirous to shake a" long journey j in a short time he' needed a' long purse, a"good ' constitution, a pleasant companion,, and some " knowledge of Ills destination. As, however; their journey that evening was only an' imaginary one,, they would dispense with die questions; of purse and constitution, and go at once to the character of their companion and the nature of the lopality tbey were about to visit. He then gave.an epitome*: of the early lustory and labours of D r. Livingstone;, explained the geographical peculiarities of Afripa; started with Dr. Livingstone at the Cape onhis great exploratory journey: aecompamed himywit3i" much difficulty, " and amidst many perilsfrorii' famine, fever, arid thie natives, into the Slakalolb country, up the Leeambye Eiver, west 'to Loanda, . and back; and then down the Zambesi to the'sea on the east coast, and back to the Cape .again. The lecturer, explained the.politipal and religious motives that prompted euch a long andperilous1 journey; narrated many aQecdotes of the country, [ its people, and their customs"; and concluded pn 1 interesting lecture of anhourand tlirefe quarters' duration by commending.to the audience .the .per severing and heroic example of their conductor - and.guide. ' *-■". ":l Municipal Cororcu.:— A special r.ieetlng rif the City Corporation was held dmHonday, Hatch SSL" Out of 91 applicants for the vacant mestengersbip; Mr. Christopher Gapp. jrjuappointed, :£ome other matters respecting the supply of machine-' broken metal and the Corporation advertising having been dealt with,'theproceedings closed.' J Education Board.—A meeting of the CentraJ Board of Education wpsinn M.TMiV 2L There were two members and' the SecretaVy' present. A report was -received from ' the' Chief; Inspectqr of Schools, and several communications were considered by the Hoard, after wliich they adjourned for a fortnight.. ■ • Meteoric.—There is an interesting etatoment; i with reference to a meteoric appearance in the 1 communication of our Meadows correspondent. Apart? of three horsemea were travelling home -wards on the night of thelgth, when suddenly the road. became brilliantly illnminated. so. that :the dead leaves lying about could.be." plainly seen. Upon looking to ascertain from whence this bright light proceeded the travellers observed an apparently large "ball of fire proceeding alocifther heavens, and this singular object was visible for more than one minute. An Ejiu's Backbone. —Some time -ago Mr. A. - B. Murray, M.P. for Gurueracba, forwarded to our office a bony substance that had been picked-op 'j on the banks of the Eiver. Murray- E is very;,, curious in appearance, for while articulated lijce ^ vertebra; generally, the joints are coveredwitk ad close osseous network,. which would prevent "ariya extensive action by theseveial joints.; The iriiolej connection of parts also is .so light as to detertriinh , the casual observerin deciding that it is a i«lic;qf3 i somefish.orbird. WesubmitteS it to Mr. C. As1 | "Wilson's inspection.- He consuhed Mr. • F. O-'Ej 1 Waterhousc, and both gentlemen agree in statirig j that it is the backbone of afemale emm ft is a ! recent deposit, and not at all f^'ritoorivand has ? probably been denuded of its softer covering ;by. wild dogs and exposure to the weather. Pmxcbbsof "Wales.—The Gaxeie contains a despatch -from the Duke of Newcastle to His Ijtcelieucy the Governor notifying tin.-avc»uei:e ment of the Princess of Wales. Postal Chahges.—A circular from the Duke of. Newcastle communicates the dctermioa ion of Use Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to charge, on and after the 1st July, the following post go:— On letters dispatched front Britain to Australia or New Zealand, via Southampton, one shi.liiig the. luilf-ounce letter, and via Marseilles o„c shilling and fourpence. Promotion. —Mr. Clement Young has been trausferrei from the Post-(Jffice to he Clerk in the Chief Secretary's Office, rice Meyer, wb r had itr ii allowed to resign in consequence of reported mis conduct. Board of Education.—The Gaze', c contains a voluminous document, tue twelfth annual report of the Board of Education, which appears to have been very carefully prepared. Appointments Gazetted.—Sir. Geo. I'aqiiiiPn. Accountant and Traffic Supervisor, rice Chcny, promoted. - For the Northern Ten-holy —air. ii. Ward, Clerk iu charge, Accountant, and Post master; Mr. Stephen King, Storekeeper and Superintendent of Stock; Mr. John Davis, As sistant. Storekeeper. IILriiiages.—1The Begistrar-Gencral cf Birth Deaths, and Marriages, Mr. J- F. Cieiaud, gives notice to all clergymen and persons authorized to perform the maiTiagc ceremony that they are required to forward, on or within seven days of the 1st April, a return of the number of marriages performed and the fees appointed to be paid during the three preceding months, or a nil, account where no marriages have been performed. Mr, D. G. Daly.—It will be seen tliat Mr. D. G. Daly has arrived by the Alexandra, it is • understood that he will at, once commence his duties as Private Secretary, Mr. Bgss being under orders for New.Zealand. Scarlatina.—This epidemic still lingers about the city. In one instance at North Adelaide a family of four young children have been seized with the disease within these few days: but under the treatment of Dr. Wheeler,they are all doing, well. - Volunteer Penalties.—By a notice in the Gaze ic. His Excellency . appoints the Colonel Commandant and officers commanding troops and companies of volunteers persons -competent to sue for fines and penalties under the Acts 2D of 1S34 and 14 of I860. Criminal Insane.—A notice in the Gazette from the Attorney-General instructs Magistrates to commit persons of unsound mind convicted of any offence to the public Lunatic Asylum, Ade laide. Attention is also directed to the provisions of the Act 29 of 1SI7. Customs Beceipts.—The Customs receipts for. the week ending 19th March were £2,SOS 10s. 4d. Cereal exports.—There were exported during the week ended Saturday, 19th March:—10,998 quarters of wheat, 1,116 tons" of flour, 3/ quartexs of barley, and 2161 tons of bran and pollard. Telegraphic.—A scale of charges approved by Government appears in tills week's Gazette for the transmission of telegrams between liakndorf and places specified." '. Batlway TcAFno.—The traffic on the South Australian railways for the weekending March 19 was:-Port line,- 4,927 passengers; fares, £221 10s. IflcL; goods, £515 12s. Nr-rlli line, 1,9S5 passengers ; fares, £537 2s.; goods, £2,5S0 Is. lid. Total, £3,854 6s. 3d. Registering Births, &c.i; District ofGeey. —A proclamation appoints Mr. William "Henry Harrold Eegistrar.of BirlksT Deaths, and Marriages for the District of Grey, and the "Local Court House, Mount Gambler, the place where the register is to be kept. ' • > Registrar ot Dogs, ;East Torbens.—A pro clamation In the Gorc Ve revokes" the appointment of Mr. John Strawbridge as Bcgistrar of Dogs for the District of Hast Torferis. and appoints Mr.. George Story to keep the register, and the "District Council '. Office, Third Creek, near Norton's Summit, the place where dogs may he registered for the district. Population. — Passengers reported at Port . Adelaide for the week ending 19th March :—In wards—29 male adalts, 23. feinale adults, 4 hoys,: and 5'girls; outwards—16 male adults, 10 female adults, and.2 hoys. i Passesgee Ships.—The Gazelle contains an Order in "Council passed on ■ the 7th! Januaty,;|or' the regulation of passenger.ships. We published' its substance-in an' extract from: the Times on th 15thinstanL - „■ Accident to ' Mrs.. H-. S." Pkice.—As Mrs. H. S. Price, of New.'Glfenelg,!^: being diiven in her phaeton by a servant hear, the lesidence of the; Bcr,.Mr.' Jackson onMan day. evening, .the horse'' became restive, reared, ami fall backward. Mrs:' Price's auele was injured,"and,the pain was so great that Dr. Bayer was,sent for, who fortnhately was able to pronounce that the ladykadsustamed neither fracture nordislocation, but simply a con-;. fusion, from which nothing serious need beap prehendsd.' . " : ' * Congriu3Atk>na'l -CiiAPEi,' HiKi(MABSH.—An niversary services will .be held at the Congrega tional Chnpek Hiwlmarsh, .on-Sunday, the27th. A sermon will he preached in the mornihg by the , ;Bev. John-Gopey 'and in the. evening by the Bey. W; Harcus. On rTucsday,: the 23lh, there wiU he /ahjtpi j&da; - meeting .in r4he; eyenina, u± wlrich thc Bevl S." Li : '2da^fe.ii^4^«66bisEa3£^A'-«ui.S«iu(£aKl r Settlement ofthe'Northern Teesetoery.-^-: Wcare.informed that" enquiries; having been -. £nadc for land.as to whether.purchasersof more than., -one-section will be able to Eelect tbeirlaudin 'one' block, the Commissi ocer of Grown Lands has re: plied that'"the -Governme'nt''Resident' will be in-' jstrnctcd, before proceeding to determine by lot the order of xhOi^ joya'ljipon those wlio hold mote than ione pieliisilaary land brier .to declare whether tliey will -tgbe their chance of selecting the whole of their !aildhy ope drawing or whether theypreferto drawsep^telyfor.^chpreiiminarj-, and -order held by them. An opportunity will thus be afforded, to .those who choose to exercise their right of selection jnder one-drawing to take idle whole of their land in one block from the land , .thenimselfected." '^.person, thieiefore, -wlib.hoids several laud orders-lias the option of two methods: jof selection. r^ieMBayrelect'tto have the whole of jus sections in oneblocli; or he may take his chance, py drawmg'singty' :fo£eaictr lot of taking . whatever' - turns up. But before the.dm'Kingconiincnces he . must state which of.these methods hie will adopt. The'^aplhffitaiOTtS^ffiiBiidy^%^e'are%Ih: ^ ■ Pinniss, Government Resident, &cvMr.; B. Ward, ' Cierk to Governniotft Resident and CploniMAc countant; Mr; "Stephen King, sen., stprekeeper asd stockman.; and John Davis, assistant ditto. . We understand tliat Mr. Hyndmau, at present in Sydney, has been offered the appointment of second in. commknd, but' that as yet his answer has, not been received, -The only other probable; .appointment of which we have heard is that of Mr. •••• T. B. Goldsmith, of Yankalilla; as surgeon and protector of aborigines;' This gentleman has veiy. . {satisfactory testiuionials'from England, and 'as 'highly-esteemed in" -the locality where he lias been practising - for the■ last year • and. a half. 1 Every" ■ exertion is '-being made to dispatch thc Heery EUis, 'aud' Jt 16 thought she will be ready for Sea, at the.Jsferir^hj- "the jfflh.'of .'.{next"mahth.^ It is understood that the eipeditioii is to bc armed with Westley Eichards carbines, and lit is thought the Henry .Hltis,and the Yatala, whidi will ac company her, will be supplied witli guns to provide against any, ppssible Malay "aggression. A notifi cation .appears ih 'the 'Uea'tsber from ihe Com" nijsaoner 'of Crown Hands that the office for re cmving .appiieations to purchase land .'In the ■Northern Territory will be open oa Easter Monday, aad that aiclerk. will attend 'at the Bankof Ans trhlaaatliat day to. ytceive deposits; and, further, that tlie office lor receiving applications will close pn Tuesday, March 29,' at S o'clcck, unless pre •viouslyclbsodhi consetperice of fSf-eeparate ap plications having been received. " . Ijee'OP the Ansriu.UA.ri House.—Under lliis title a;£erics of slietclie?v by Sir. G.; Hamilton, gives tiiatgeiitleiaaascaiiceptionoftheAustralian . horse in-its unrestrained. beauty. before man lias . nrarkedhlm as bis slave, and in■ all the varied charactersiriiichhe hasafterwardsto sustain in ■ tb& cgmse of.bis ^lonialcEpericnco, until he sinks; into that most miserable of all conditions which horseflesh isbcir to^ran jrisb carman's hack; To Work put-"jan^diea- "jiM^Winp^enave as! :thc : • High-mettled . 'Kacer'"; requires considerable : scope, and .Mr. Hamilton has giren bis equine epic mil sketches, teiah of which furnishes him with a. capital pppor&nity;^toeriiibit bis knowledge of busb life and to bring ou t .isbrac particular point of t3ie ^m^.hfe ,to Kvidenily..(b2bgbts in por- . trayihg?VAndyetwet^ rmmtenrionalin-i justice "has been dohe.both to. " the home "and his rider" inoot devoting at - feast ' one sketch to the. heble'anliftaf in his high andprim^ days; When he isthe pride qflhetetud aiidthe special favourite of a lover of .horseflesh, such as is Mr. G. Hamilton himself. -"A-sketch, :we >-think, ..is; wanting to- : show the" horse,: ambling w prancing, and.; proud of his fair or ^Uant hsiri£h, wlucli would ^contrast" with "the beauty andi spirit "so clcycrlj pnSseu£jjd ^/l^o.-1 ^e^li^lilyjtiSaa-anjr ofhlieafter-scenes, howem truthful, in the series. There arc, in tills grapliic iiistory of ibphorse, some humorous ^nd daddhg inadentS in which the rider ior driver. occasionallf appears m hh enviable position;' V/ecarmo t,we confess, understand hoT, sn"^sM|a|i, or aiiyoihsif horse can sport tho : caudal appendage after St has been cut off; hot ' taken' altogether, the ' vrork is inost creditable to anamateur artist, ; '\i • . f?OBE5TBV.--In: another part of this paper trill he found report 'of ' the pniceedings. of they District '^^ibmittee of ihc^SbutU Aus mention, ' 5ri. Mdition ; 'jto . the .figures which -in the report prove the jsound arid progressive condition' of tlve Order, •that there has been; feci increase of y^O(Ss.' did.; to $he%uid^dii«pgtte;quartef;andtliattlieDistrict • andt^nri.fands junifel'miiount jtp "there were , 42o: ineinbei^admittjed. iWingfhat year ■ nine members and :air membera'pices died. In thesnhfepwipd ?6.'memberswithdrew, and.not;, ;p^*J3g^eri 'j^elled,;' At the b^tming of the, year ndmhapfahendiera, including honorary, >vhb may hbld'office, but hape. ho^rimni «h'^h;~ funds, was 1,789. . 