EIAGLLI, IT1".TIS. (Fromnt the lom: Scarews, 2Gthl Feb.) ErrecTs or FsI:rn.-A girl, aged 15 years, .went out one night recently into the back yard to get some water at the tap. She saw one or two men on the roof of the house ncear the parapet.-Shel shrieked out much terrified, and site called her brother. lie ranl out and saw the top of a man's hat as he was making his escape. The girl went indoors, but she was so terrified that her brother had to go in to her assistance. She was taken seriously ill, and a doctor was sent for, who found her labouring under the effects pro duced by sudden terror. Next day she be came insensible, and sonime hours afterwards expired. The inmmediate cause of death was apoplexy, resulting from the fright she had sustained. A PRaosisma YouTr.-A youth about 15 )-cyears of age, has been committed to York Castle for firing his master's stackyard in revenge for somue fancied injury. This is the third prisoner committed for the recent Yorkshire fires. A mnovement is on foot in the East Riding to memorialise Government to bring in a bill to legalise the use of the lash in cases of convicted incendiarism, as is now legal in the punishment of garotters. Ilriaornontut.-A working-mran was bitten by a mad dog in November last. Ils hand was much lacerated, but being immediately dressed by asurgeon, healed rapidly, although many weeks elapsed before the cure appeared complete. Oin the 21st January the wound was so much better that the man went to work; but on the 26th he felt very unwell and went home. On the 28th he became worse, and in the evening it was as much as four or five men could do to hold him, and the dantgerous symptoms of hydrophobia had greatly increased. lie suffered indescribable agony, and after remaining for a short time composed, he died on the evening of January ±9th. M. M. PxA.noUr's IUIaDIns?.-'The first of the buildings which has been erected by the committee, to whom the disposal of Mfr. Pea body's munificent gift to the city of London was referred, will be ready for occupation in the course of the present inonth. The build ing, which has cost £22,000, is situate at iBethnal- green. The applications for rooms have far outstripped the means of the com mittee to supply them, and some difficulty has been expertenced in making a selection out of the number. NEaw BasICto AT BICLAcraS.tAs.-The works for the construction of the new bridge at Blackfriars are commenced, and a large num ber of workmen, with the requisite apparitus in lighters, are employed in driving the piles on t lie west side of the second and third arches from the dMiddlesex shore, preparatory to sinking the wrought-iron caissons, or cy linders, which will be filled with brickwork and masonry. The bridge will consist of five elliptical wrought-iron spans, the centre one of which will be 189 ft., the two next on each side will be 176 ft., and the two nearest the 3liddlesex and Surrey shores 64 ft. each in length. Its height at the centre of the princi pal span above the level of high water will be 25 ft., and at the centre of the arches nearest the shores the height will be 17 ft. above the same level. The floor of the bridge will consist of wrought-iron plates, firmly bolted to the girders. This floor will be covered with concrete, upon which will be laid a granite paving. The width of the new bridge will be 75 ft. from battlement to battlement, being 33 ft. more thatn the present structure. The carriage-road will be -15 ft. wide, and the footways 15 tt. each. The incline of the new bridge will be only 1 ft. in 40 ft., whilst that of the presentis l ft in 22 ft. The estimated cost of the bridge is £250,000. EL.o'rE.arssT.-A young lady of about 20 years of age, the daughter of one of the first Edinburgh families, eloped recently with a young shopman in a large establishment in Princes-street. The brother of the lady im mediately followed them to l.ondon, but found on Isis arriving there that they had de parted for Paris. lie pursued them to the gay capital, and aided by the authorities, dis covered them in apartments in a fashionable hotel. Fitnding that his sister would not come, lie threatened the gay Lothario with personal chastisement, but. in attempting it, se was knocked down. The noise brought up the proprietor and others of the hotel, who carried off the prostrate gentleman, and consigned him to the care of the commissary of police, who accommodated him with prison lodgings, and from which next day lie was only released through the explanation of the young husband, for it appears he had married the lady in Edinburgh one week before their departure. The lady has an ample fortune at her own disposal, and it is said it was the intention of her parents to wed her to an old gouty general, well known in the community, and the proprietor of considerable estates. SKATItsO ACclsrTr.-A young lady swas skating a few days ago in the centre and deepest part of Lochend, Scotland, in cotm pany with two gentlemen, whetn the ice broke and all three went down. The gentulemen managed to scramble out, and thile lady, who was left in the hole, was buoyed uip by her critioline. She was ultimately rescued from her perilous position by means of ropes. PIostascuous UDIAx.tso. - The ' Orkney Herald' says :-"' 'lThe Town Council of Stromneus have decided by a mnjrity lthat 'promlscuous daitsilg' shall not be allowcd the sarniL tmue fby the twvo s~x' i circumsntances tie council tlit.ht as w\vell hlve adopted Cot:eillo. DutI:Il?e's atnOn.linenLlt 'jTit,.t u., d.m:ing fIslt:l Ihe allowed at all, is a hIll foi la:ldia n l gettlem.:ll separatelv woul I :- an a?lurtlity n :ver :t .r.l of bWoni.d the moral region of otrathbogie.'" A C,:.r.:xrll?r .-. few:, days a:o Sheriff I:esAl presidel. at the examination of a wit neis at ThurLo, in tile case ft' settlement be tu cen Olrig and liower parisles. Oil being asked her age, she replied, " I was 102 years of age on the 9th dtlv of June last, old style." l1cr na:ue is P'egcy WVares, born on the island of Strouia on Jute _1I, 1761. She cont:iles soltlund inll ititid and bly, "oes about her house with wonlderful agility, an.l gave her evid.'ence in a manner equal to the intelligence displayed by the best wittueses not half her age. Tie sheriff more than: once remarked on the exceedingly clear and cIl lected manner in which th11 venerable ecnten arianl answered the questions put to her. 'Tll'tc Count.-" The Queenl who is n tilhe enjoyment of good health, left Osborne on the 111th February for Windsor Castle, where her .Majesty will reside until .May, occasionall ly going to lickinghaat lPalace, after which hier M.1ajesty will go to 1l.l:mnoral, and take lher anniniual trip to Coburg in August. On the 4th of February thle.Qeen opened a new school at \Vltippinuham, near Osborne, which had recently been erected by her M1a jesty's comlmand. The children were regaled in the presence of her Majesty. On the l th of February, the Prince and Princess of \Vales proceeded to St. Leonards. 'lhe infaut prince, who continues in good health, will be christened at Iluckingham palace on Mlnarei 10, the anniversary of' the wedding-day of his royal parents. The first two nantes of the young prince will be Albert andtl Victor. Their royal higllhnes-es returned to London on Februaryv 23. The Prince of Wa'nles fell front his horse while out with the hounds in the neighbour. hood of Hlastings a few days ago. Hlis royal higtlhness was, however, uninjured, and at once remouonting, kept ill the saddle until the close of the days spot t." A IMtsEtl.-A man n crned William Cox, aged 5." years, a notorious miser, was recently dIscovered deal at his residl-nce. For some time past the deceased occupied a room at a low rent in the Modtl Loiging-house, Columrnia-squnre, Bethnal-green. lie was found laying dead on the floor, his lhad in the grate, where, however, no fire had been. On the table was some nloney, wlhich Ie had apparently been countling when seised with his drntll-fit. Iis clothes were inot worth a shilling, ani the stockings were sewed on his feet, and had litterly grown into his flesh. lie was iun i st.att of etnuriatiou. Deeds, lease', poli:ires of insluranc', uoney, aatclies, iani other property, to thel vailue of between £6000 and £7003, were found laI inlg about and contcealed in the room. Autungst other articles, 17 coats, the saos number of waistcoat', and 17 pairs of boots, all nearly new, were found in the place. Two hundred weight of coals, w Lhich, it is asecrtained, were purchased by him six months ago loubtless because they were then cheap were found nearly untouched. It was his iabit during the severe mweather to sit shiver ing in his roouu, anti no one could induce hii', to allow a fire to be made. A large quanutit) of food was also found inl the roo'm. IIA.LWAY ACCIDEST.-A sad railway acclJent too place on the York, W\hitby, and Scarborough line. The train was as usual drawn up the Grosment incline by a rope attached to a fixed engine and when a consider able nov up tile rope broke ith the st rain, and the train rushed back down the iucl:ne., left the rail', and overturned. Tao of the passengers were killed and several others severely injured. A Gsuost SToar.--Tho 'Camnbria Leader' says tbht recently a lad aged 14, living at Dowalais, went out into tile back-) ard in the evening and returned almost instantly in great fright, exclntming that he had seen his own ghost. When sulficiently recovered to give an account, he said that on opening the back door he saw himself, white and death like, standing in front and ihe at once ran back. Ilis friends endeavoured to joke him out of the beli,.t, but he was not to be shaken; and. singular to add, he sicktnedand, though a healthy lad ulp to tilhe date of his fright, grew worse and died, QUccK PnAssAOc -The steamer Tripoli, Captain 9ell, left Alexandria on Jan. 21, at 5 .mn., and arrived in theu Mersey at 10 ta.,. on Feb. 3-m-aking tile pass?g in 12 ds)e 17 hours, includling 14 hours' detention in Milltu and 8 hours' detention at Gibraltar. The distance is about 3100 mtiles, and the Tripoli was only II days 19 hours under steam. WEsT-Et, IIosttrar.ITr.-It is sahl to be' the custon in mnanly large west-end houses to have a tablle laid out in tomllu back room, covered with tile delicacies of the season and with different wines, and here about mldday ahe butler and gentlelran's gentleman drop In and do justice to the excellent lure. In one large tlad well-known establishmnent a cask of wine is always on draught, and no upper ser vent ever delivers a message, or order there, without taking his glass or two as a matter of right. It is unnecessary to say thaut theu cot ultimately comes out of the pockets of tfhe masters. SATP.z5Ts.-lt appelalr fr sorie elaborate statistics coinpiled by Mr. G. Shlne, of lUir tinglhamn, that the number of patenta appliedf br in 1863 was 3309 aganlnt 3400 tn 1802, 3~270 iu 1861, 31006 i 1860, 3000 in 18M0, and 300ti li 1858. Tr?Ia ToAst oV Ttr. LADIts.--The annual dinner of thIe ])ralatie, Equestrhln, and Musical Sick Flnlttl Association Flas this year been very numrerously attendedl s greater number of ladies than usual brig present. '[he Incident of tile evening was Mrs. Stir ling's sleccl ihl rpily to tfie healtlth of "Tfe Ladies," proposed by Mr. nobert Uell. Our slrace is lmuch presseld upon, but we will mnke room for this clever ansd amusing s1, eeth in full:--In bfring eulled on once mnore, as tfhe spoke'swomran fIor my sea, to meknow leJge this toast, I lifeel thnt I am at on'e an torou red and ill-usal preson--honoured In ieing called onr to disclharge a debt for wfllelf I al, jointly liable witlh every oitler lady ill-used in bring eltrreled ~pilay tIle debt in sterling coin. (Lurighter and appluuae.) It is tlora in aceordance with the pirolession to pay by ue:tns of bills, ibut Isuplose thIe ree'l son why you exect readculy molney 1ro,1 ssts thi evlenug is thiut tfeatrieal bills are Ihrawn lbr such a lolfg daefe, sItd keelp runstlng for uchI arn inleflnlte lerled, thllst snbotl kucows wlen llhey Imay l be honourel. (" flair," crd laughtr.) We of' tIhe thelratrianl lrulesalon do ,tot keep lsuslt reurly talk about us. We ,refer to drumw uloil our Iriends, the authors, for nIrhat we rerluiro in thu Way of slletchl tcurre?ty, and our drls are sfgenerally hIon , 'T o er to whic. I , ' ru it t i" i H t 'he ni t) be . soli-thig. in-s n i)' ,t thi inrl- 1e hich I hIaviie ted uitel, which saoy hae i g' , tetl thii call. Ili lookigl rouind I see a liar-e lr.,loulenraitco of black colts.- At most publit diei rs til hey neorally- represent the " Dark cluld." (' lHear, hear," and laugh. tr.,) Your cornmitltee has beoUn thu firt to give that dnrk cloudl a "silver lining" in the sllaple of the Indies. (Cheers.) Inltead of eiadirig poor Gill to that dreary hill- theo la.dies' gallery-to dino on cold chicken and sherry, uui lhiave brought her down to the good icher of Jack's table, ,onI Jack ought , ftel inmich happier with Gill beside him. (Altpliause.) I ldo nIt t ucoure ulludel to the hlt'pinlt of' wilt,', but to the guardian auingelss ini crinolini. (Laughter antl eler.,r.) Tl'en I have lately tlgured in th " lien anIId Chickens " h ere I s againll figuring ini the s?aule character, for I feell aounstruu.ly like alln old lhell clckill utnvy to her clliukten -hier younger siers of thus stage-or, i.s 1 .ay inir,,e properly call themi, her ducks. (" Hear," aund laughter.) Ah, yes, that it the il oru fit imlnge, tior it expresses not only thlu object of Dullo Partlet's affection, bt the subject of her fund anxiety. (Cheers.) She sees her broad Ilmaying by the water's el~go ilto which so oinay little chiunki haLve titllui, and her heart hti crtr with apliprelien sion ftr their i?tlity in the voyage. She knowis' not whiuch cani swin and which can.not. All shel knows is that the water is deepl utid dllungerous, anll you must pardon her it she is tussy anld sadd a. hii'iar in thinking of the pirobablle trials andl suffer ligs thatt nay be lil .tore for heir briglht-uhingctd haplllpy-lookinl duclklings. (Appillallse.) I thank heiaven tllhro are slafeguilrds land preservatives which fure.ighlt call bestow, but thlere are daungers that no foresitult cani avert. (Hear, h or.) There are tccilenlts, distresses, sicknesses and sorrows-a hard tle beftre theme-the proba hility of' rivation, the certainty of lauoltr, tlloe liahility of dis.pploinlted hopes and builledl aspirations. (Ilear, hear.) For nire ualate rial evils a society like this cani do mucli, and deeply gLattflul dto we feel for our good elfurts--which iare especially valu ale to wo iuenl, as tile weaker vessels in the voyage of theat icul tile. (Cliheers.) It is a voylgo of dalnger and stoLrms to tIll best vesscl, Ueven to those which are registered A I at the Thest ricnl L!oyds'. (eliar, hlear.) Blit to us little craut it is always a danglerous voyaige, and ometntimes eve n a fi.ir wind provels out the I. at haltal. (tlear, hear.) 1'o those whose liberlalitv has established ant innilttalined this society, I c.ii only say in the nnlue of nmy si-terhuoud, 1 thank you simuply, honestly, and Ihartily for Jour good offices. (Ilear, hear.) To tliose of this good toeplany who have siUt helped this society, or who have sllaringly hil,1'eld it, let ae--f'or womlan's sake-s- leaul its cause and ank for your warm sullpport. (llear.) You cannot take away with you a happlier thought than thait your liberality has shled some rays of haplipiness on Ilhe dark hours ot thlose whose lite.lolng labour has been to please you. (Cheers.) Your own hours of sadness will be liglitened it you feel that earnest aeotu of will to help the lowly, to give ' An arm of strengith to the weak; A f. endly hand to the ftiretdless; Kinid words so short to speak, Blit whose rchoe ii eidless. Thu world i it g.j, thesie thlings are small; They uaay be nothilng but tihey are tll " (Cheers). I ant digressing, as ladies are wont to do if they have a subject iear the heart. (lHear, hear). Blt if you call us down and let loose our tongues after dinner you fmust take the coanseqences. (ILaughter.) L et me pull up now, but before doing so 1 must thank you sincerely for the cordiality with which you have drunk that toast ot the ladies. (Mrs. Stirling resumed her seat amidst several rounds of applause.) 