AMERICAN ELOQUENCE. A man on his trial for murder was suc cessfully defended by his counsel in the following speech:— " Thou shalt not kill." Now, if you hang my client you trangress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose's egg in a loifer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder,, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client. Gentlemen, I do not deny the fact of my client having killed a man ! No such thing, gentlemen. Ye may bring the prisoner in " guilty," the hang man may do his duty, but will that exonerate you ? No such thing. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to-day ? Who, freemen? Who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie knife. No, gentlemen, yonr pockets are odoriferous with the fumes of cigar cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of peaceful conscience; but hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principles of your animal viscera, until the spinal vertebras of your anatomical construction is turned into a rail road for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing murder! Beware, I say, of meddling with the eternal prerogative! Gentlemen, I do adjure yon, by the manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity to do no mnrderl I adjure yon by the name of woman, the main-spring of the t'ckling time piece of time's theoretical transmigration to do no murder! I adjure you by the American eagle that whipped the universal game- cock of creation, and is now roosting in the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder! And lastly, if you ever expect free dogs not to bnrk at you; if you ever expect to wear boots made of the free hide of the Rocky Mountain buffalo; and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but sneaking, low flung, rascally, braided small ends of humanity, whittled down into indistinctibility, acquit my client and sav« your country. The prisoner was acquitted, of course. 