DIRECT DRAY ROAD INTO GIPPS LAND. To the Editor of the Herald. SIR,— In The Herald of the 4th inst there ap- peared a long and rather suspicious letter anent the North Gipps Land road. The "Pioneer," as the writer styles himself, appears to be totally ignorant of the topography of the country that he has attempted to describe ; and not only that, he has gone wide of the mark when he states that only a few squatters and the proprietors of a few grog shanties are the persons interested in the opening up of the North Gipps Land road, via Dandenong, Bunyip, Shady Creek, Moe, etc, to Rosedale and Sale. " Pioneer" says that eight or nine families are the only residents in the district bounded on the south by the Moe and Tangil Rivers. In the first place the Moe is not a river, and the river Tangil is not south of the aforesaid residents. And " Pioneer " seems ignorant of the fact that a number of families are residents in the imme- diate vicinity of the Tangil, Russell's Creek, Good Hope Greek, Pheasant Creek, and about thirty smaller creeks and gullies where gold has been found, runs into the Tangil ; and there are some thousands of acres of as good agri- cultural land as can be found in any part of the colony, only waiting for a good road to bring it into the market—and only about seventy or eighty miles from Melbourne. Now, Sir, it it a well-known fact that it is the interest of a few individuals who are the almost sole proprietors of Port Albert to keep the North Gipps Land road blocked up, for the following reason—that if a road fit for the conveyance of passengers and goods was opened up direct from Melbourne to Rosedale and Sale, Port Albert would be left alone in its glory, i. e., a swamp surrounded by sand hills. But Sir, is it right or just that some thousands of the working class, not the drones, should be sufferers, simply because Mr So-and-so may have ------ in high places, or that some of those who are in (I wont say what) have pos- sessions in that miserable bog hole, misnamed Port Albert. A number of gents will under- stand me. "Pioneer" seems to ignore the fact that not only those who reside in the vicinity of the roads, but all those who are residents throughout North Gipps Land would benefit by the change. But " Pioneer" seems to have a different object in view ; he wants a road where it will suit his interest. But neither "The Pioneer" not yet "The Early Bushman" can find a better line to the south of the present one (via the Telegraph line) that would require less outlay, and no shorter route can be found to the south of the present one ; and, for the interest of the com- munity at large, no bettor line can be found either north or south of the present one, and the people of Dandenong, Berwick, Baw-Baw, and Thomson diggings, as also the residents of North Gipps Land generally, ought to agitate the question and not rest until the Govern- ment open up a road fit for the transit of pas- sengers and merchandise. Sir, I remain, etc., PROSPECTOR. Extraoedinauy Names. — A family In Michigan actually named their last child Finis, supposing it was their last ; but they afterwards happened to have a daughter and two sons, whom they called Addenda, Appendix, and Sup plement A man in Pennsylvania called his son James Also, and the third William Likewise. Authorities for " Hard Cabii." — Mr. Charles Reade has published a new preface to the second edition of his last noiel, " Hard Cash," the novel in which private lunatic asylums and the Lunacy Commissioners were dealt witli in so extraordinary a manner. We get some singular facts as to his authorities. He says : " A lady who sometimes docs mc the honour to drink tea with me, was confined for a year or two in au Asylum, and, being perfectly anno (ns was pub licly proved directly she contrived to get out, though stoutly denied by Commissioners, Masters, in Lunacy, etc., so long ns she was in the dark), took notes of all that passed, nnd wore tbem into n short but masterly narrative, to which land my renders are deeply indebted. Her hand, it was not mine, which drew from Iifo the imbecile old commisloner. (The commisioner, who com mented so apropos on the matron's gown, was taken from the life by Edward Fletcher, another sane lunatic.) In this lady's M.S. I find this sentence — ' Mrs. B. was my next door neigh bour in the house ; there was nothing the mat ter with her j but the proprietor of the asylum, being a near ne'ghbour and friend of her hus band, was so kind as to take his wife off his hands.' " Optical Illusions. — Mr. Manning, con nected with the establishment of Carpenter and Westley, tho well-known optlcions of Regent- street, has perfected seme ingeniou arrangements founded on the principle of the Dircks nnd Pepper Ghost, by which effects of a novel and in teresting character aro produced, shswing how completely the senses of sight and hearing may be deceived. The spectator is introduced into a dark room, when presently a curtain rises, and a veto of flowers appears, which ennnot bo dis tinguished from a real object until the operator, from behind, passes his hand through and through it, showing at once that it is a mere phantom. To render the illusion more perfect, ahand plucks a flower from the vase, and throwsit on the floor. Punch and Judy next appear, the one a real puppet, tho other a phantom, but utterly undis- tingutsiiable from each o'her. The well-known hard knocks arc given and taken by both, and though the spectator well knows there is decep tion in the sound, as to the one at least, lie still remains absolutely puzzled as to which. Punch in tho end exhibits his phantom character by hawing liis head to the ground and passing gradu ally through the floor, literally sinking iuto the earth. A hand now appears emcrgin g from the darkness, takes up u piece of chalk, and writes on a slate hanging on ths wall, in characters ab solutely ineffaceable by the operator's hand, which is repeatedly rubbed over them, but which disappear when sutjjected to the same operation by the phantom hand. A variety of other illu sions, which, like these above described, are most perfect, in their deception, are given.— ZmtZ bj arts. 