KOURIXC.A. [From our own Correspondent. 1 Konringn, December 20. monuuy, me »jin, was Kept as a general holiday m this place, and on the same day the grand picnic winch had been in contemplation came oil. Ihe weather was everything that could he UL-Mrcu, ucinj,' iieiigniiuiiy cool m the morning with a lieautiful breeze blowing all day. The s|m-i selected for the meeting was a laddock of Mr. Itced s, about five or six miles from the Burra. on the Adelaide-road. Though uot everything that could be desired, still it was well-situated and perfectly frue from dust, while tho trees atlorded a shelter from the 'tin to the numerous larties who bivouacked under their spreading branches. There were also commodious tents erected by the Committee for the ^ame purpose, :»nd altogether the atmnjroments 'f ere very com plete, and reflected great credit on the Committee, who were novices at anything of the kind before. To reward them for their gratuitous labours they had the satisfaction of seeing it turn out a great success, notwithstanding the opposition that ii had met with the day tefoie. Ever}' available convey ance in the Burra was in requisition, and there must have been at one time as many as 200 horses in the paddock and over 100 vehicles. There were considerably over 1,000 people on the ground, who all enjoyed themselves amazingly. Tents were provided for the salo of refreshments, no intoxi cating liquor being allowed on the ground for salt-. Mrs. Reed superintended the coffee and tea depart ment, for which there was a great demand during the day. Mr. *. Oebhardt had a separate tent, where the solids and all the different kinds of ruit in season were sold. He also had his fair share of patronage. The games and amusements which were instituted consisted of cricket, quoits, football, footraces, jumping in sacks, wheelbarrow races, and hunting a pig. All of them were extensively palromscd, and afforded great amusement. An efficient band was in attendance all day, and enlivened the whole by their music. Dancing was also extensively jatromsed. and lciss-in-ihe-riug by the juveniles. There was also a rifle match. The greatest satis faction to the Committee was that everything went off without the slightest accident or even the ghost ui a quarrel, and it was also remarked that thero was a less amount of drunkenness in the township the same evening than on any former holiday. Tuesday was also held as a holiday by the store keepers, who preferred to have their two days at nncc instead of on Wednesday. Many parties left the township on pleasure seeking, an-! enjoyed themselves.very much. 