A SCOTCHMAN AMONG THE GHOSTS. (From the Glasgow Herald.) A STARTLING publication has just come under our notice. A gentleman of wealth and business ex- perence in Glasgow, who signs himself " J. B.," has published for private circulation, what professes to be an unvarnished narrative of facts in regard to com- munications he has had with the spirit world. He has, according to his own solemn affirmation, con- versed, either personally or through a " medium," with the avowed spirits of Jessie M'Pherson, Lord Clyde, the late Duke of Hamilton, Mary Queen of Scots, " Stonewall" Jackson, a late clergyman and physician, both eminent in Glasgow, and others whose initials represent prominent persons well- known in the city and now deceased. This gentle- man was an unbeliever in " spiritualism " up till February last. At that time, having occasion to be in London, he attended a seance at the house of a well-known medium. He had not been seated at the table many minutes, by his own account, when he heard the sound of rapid taps coming along the floor, and ending in two or three smart taps beneath his hand. This spirit answered to the name of " Margaret," and brought the spirit of " J. B.'s " deceased mother. To prevent deception, he asked questions which no one else in the company could have answered—such as his own name, his mother's maiden name, and the place where she used to stay in Glasgow. These questions, he says, were all answered correctly. At subsequent seances his unbelief was further shaken. He laid a carte de visite on the table, enclosed in an envelope ; and the Christian name and surname of the person whose likeness it was were immediately rapped out. Seven different times he asked the " spirit" what number he was thinking of, and each time the correct number was given him. But ?? began to show themselves in his own house, two of his own boys turning out to be mediums, that his faith in " spiritualism " was finally confirmed. Let us now turn to some of the revelations made on these occasions. It may be noted, first, that they all pur- port to be made by deceased persons, with one remark- able exception. This is the case of the notorious M. ——— S———, whose spirit, although still " in the body," has repeatedly made itself audible, under the town councillor's table, to declare her guilt and her remorse. It is said by some spiritualists, how- ever, that the spirits of the living can take an excur- sion while the body is asleep. We have also the spirit of a distinguished peer, who frankly tells us that he was in an elevated condition when he left the world, not long since, at Paris. By the way, the spirits won't hear of such a thing as dying. They speak of the change as " leaving the world." The spirit of " Stonewall" Jackson also announces itself, and states that he is now an abolitionist ; but inti- mates that New Orleans will be re-taken by the Confederates next month ; that the war will end in October, 1864 ; that the South will estab- lish its independence ; and that the Potomac will be its boundary line. This would be encouraging news for the Southern sympathisers among us, were it not that " J. B. " has discovered, from experience, that no reliance is to be placed on the predictions of these rapping visitants. How much more is to be placed in their statements regarding the past and present, people can judge for themselves. The spirits are evidently a " kittle " lot. The councillor's father announced him- self at a seance in April last, and advised his son to pray to God, lead a life of virtue, " and marry a decent honest woman. " The councillor appends to this paternal advice the following note : " N.B. As I have a dear wife already this answer was mal apropos." This is undoubtedly the mildest thing that can be said of it. His mother's spirit is more instructive. She informs him that she spends her time " in playing and singing, praying and dancing ;" that, though happy now, she suffered remorse for six months after her en- trance into the spirit world and still feels vexed, she says (possibly with a reference to the councillor), " when she sees those she loves committing folly." This was at a seance last April, and she wound up by the solemn recommendation—" Pray to God, obey his commands, and love Jesus." " Here," adds the narrator, " the table began to fall violently about, so I said, ' Would you like me to sing you a song ?' when ' Yes' was rapped out smartly. I sung the ' Rat- catcher's Daughter,' and the table kept jumping and dancing in time to the tune." A spiritualist, however, has suggested to " J. B." that probably it was another ghost that tilted up the table, and that his mother's spirit took its leave immediately after telling him to love Jesus. Indeed, " J. B." frankly tells us that it would be ridiculous to suppose that his mother could set the table capering to such a profane song, for she was a " staid woman, of strong Calvinistic principles." It appears, however, that the spirits are fond of lively music ; for on the 30th of July last, the spirit of the councillor's wife's mother, in answer to the question " What do you do where you are ?" replied, " I dance, and sing, and pray ;" and immediately a tapping, in country-dance time was heard upon the table, and the councillor was told that the tune was " Petronella." The councillor has been privileged with communica- tions from various other notable persons, some of whom have been exceedingly complimentary. The spirit of Lord Clyde announced itself on the 4th of September, his lordship having kindly come to express his " love for John" (the coun-s cillor's son, we presume), and to advise his father to make a soldier of him, and he would be buried in Westminster Abbey. In reply to a question put by a councillor, about a peculiar sensation he felt in his legs, the Field Marshal said, " It is spirits ; the room is full of them." An old sweetheart of " J. B.'s" also came from the spirit world, and commissioned him to tell his wife that she " had got a darling boy for a husband." His wife being unwell and lame at one time (30th July), the spirit of her niece paid a visit, and advised the invalid, through one of her children who acted as interlocutor, " to trust in God and take a bath chair." Mention is made of " spheres." These are different stages which are said to exist in the spirit-world ; and for information concerning which the councillor is mainly indebted to the spirit of the late Rev. Dr. B——. They are very numerous—the first being a wild waste, the second less fearful, the next rather better, and so on to the ninth, where " all is holy and good ; " but there are thousands more, " each one nearer to God than the preceding ;" and the sphere on which we enter after death depends upon the lives we live here. But the spirit of the councillor's mother gave him the gratifying assurance that everybodyI should reach happiness in the end. The spirit of the late Mr. A—— B——, who is understood to have beena a friend and patron of the councillor's, pays him a voluntary visit for the purpose of giving the following kindly note of warning :—" You had better turn over a new leaf and behave yourself, for this is a queer place. Good-bye !" A—— B—— states that he sojourns in the fourth sphere, which must, after all, be a pretty decent location, as it is adorned with " tall trees with golden apples and leaves." The spirits, however, do not always confine themselves I to revelations, warnings, and friendly admoni- tions. They seem disposed occasionally to manifest their presence in rather an uproarious way. The councillor had a celebrated seance in his own house on the 12th of August last ; and after Mary Queen of Scots had made a clean breast of it, the ghost of a certain R—— B——, that there will be no difficulty in recognising, is heard to knock. " What do you want?" he is asked. " Put out the gas," says he, " and I will try to move the table." The ghost was as good as its word ; for Mr. J. B. relates the table- moving scene as follows :—The gas was lowered till nearly out, and then the table was drawn along the floor. A handkerchief held by my son was pulled out of his hand, and we found it afterwards folded in the interior of the pedestal of the table, beyond the reach of anyone sitting at the table. One of my daughters had her dress drawn round behind her chair, and one of my sons was drawn out, chair and all suddenly from the table." Such are some of the revelations that are embodied in the singular narrative before us. The councillor himself is sorely puzzled what to make of them. Discredit the pheno- mena he cannot, but how to account for them—there is the rub! He is too cautious at once to jump with the spiritualists to their conclusion. " That these phenomena," he says, " are the results of power ex- erted by the spirits of the deceased I don't believe, yet the cause is to me inexplicable." His perplexity is manifestly increased by the discovery that the eat- ing of eggs by the medium causes the " spirits " to come out in greater force. His son, a boy of fourteen years, who is the principal medium in the house, " like eggs, and eats a good many." A spiritualist has explained to him that eating eggs adds to the quantity of phosphorus in the body, and that phos- phorous in excess is a cause of the medium's power. COST OF RAILWAY EXTENSION.—The branch line from London Bridge to Charing Cross was formally opened for traffic on the 2nd of December. It is the most expensive for its length ever built. When all is paid up, it will be found to have cost very nearly, if not quite, £1000 sterling per yard. 