The Slant Kalloon. The 'follffwiifg letter (No. 2), written by M. Eug6ne d'Arnoult to The Nation, contains the fullest acctunt that has yet appeared of the adventures of the balloon iu Eelgium, Holland, and Germany : — ' We passed I know not how much 'ti ni c in contemplating the enchanting scene around us, but at leugth we all felt the necessity of going downwards to see where we wei-e. Presently tl e balloon cams bo near to the earth that wo could readily distinguish the tall chimneys ol a gieat many fluuiing furnaces. ' If wo were to fall 011 some of them ! ' said Montgollior, anxiouTly. These furnaces told us very clearly that we were in Belgium, and, besides, the Flemish songs that continually reached our ears left no doubt upon the point. Gadard, Nadar — all of us called out frequently to the people below, ' Where are we?' but we got no other answer tlnin shouts of laugh ter. There were two bells in the car, iuul Y011 and myself rang them as hard as we could, while Nadar roared through his speaking trumpet. _ I had an opportunity of observing that the purit'y of tho air in no degree attenuates the quantity of false notes lodged in the throats of certain per sons. Our aerial charivari at length provoked a corresponding ono 011 t artli, and we could hear dogs barking, dtu-ks quacking, men swearing, and women screaming. All this had a droll effect: but time went on, the wind blew hard, it was dark night, and our balloon drove on with pro digious rapidity, and wo were not able to tell exactly where we were. I could not see my compass, aud we wero not allowed to strike a lucifer match uuder any protext whatsoever From the direction in which wo had passed over Lille, wo judged that wo must be going towards 'he feu ; Louis Godard inncied that ho cttil.l see iight- houses. We descended itgain , to wiiliin | l'50'y,;i;)s ?JJi'-'tlm eiirth. Beneath lis wo .saw a ; flat marshy* country, of rfnister uspi ct-, ?;*ri'd,;indi- catiiig plainly Hie ?iieiglibi'rhoOd ef\he coast. l£*.e¥y oifo'ii;tened with ail h'is ^ars, .mid niauy faucied, they lielird thu murium s oF'tho sea. The further; wo wont on the mere desdrt' tho country became ; ihoic was 110 liyht whatever, : and it liecamc more and lniiro itilfieult to l'Ucss when we Wore going. '1 am ' entirely out of n,y.: Vetkoiiing,' exclaimed Louis Giidurd, ' and my ojiinio.il is that- the only tl'ing we bavo to' do isti-*: descend at once.'- What! here iii the uiril-shes remonstrated all of us; 'and suppose wo are.'! driven into tho sea?' Tlie-bidloouHvent driviug! on still. ' 'We'caiiiiof desc'cnd here,' said Jule*' tvoddard^ 'Vwe nru flv'er 'water.' Two .or three of'-as ^oifked ovet the edgc W the cilr and affirmed 'that «-e were not over water, but trees. ' It-is water,' Jules Godard persisted. Every one now looltod out attentively, and as tho balloon des cended a little we saw plainly that thero was no water, but without being ablo to soy ?.-pGiitively' whether there were tree3, or not. At the 1110 ment when Jules Gyddard thought lie saw. wat-er, Nadar exclaimed, ' I ; see ft railway' It turned Uut ''that what Nadar took for a' railway was a ' canal Tunning towards the Scheldt, which wo had - passed over a few minutes before. Hurrah for balloons ! They uro the things ' to travel iu'^- livers, moun tainss cu?toinh-dtse3 — all are passed 'without let or hindrance. -But every medal has its reverse, and if we were delighted at having safely got over tho- Zuyder J2ee. Shall wo go down ? asked Louis Godard. Ti;ere 'Was a moments pause We-cousulted together. ' Suddeuly I uttered a ciy 'of jily,— 'the positiqh'of the needle of my com pass. iridici. ted that tho^ Balloon had made a'htSf turn to the right, and was now going due east. The aspect of the stars confirmed this assertion ' Forward 1 ' was now the cry. We threw ,out a little ballast, mounted higher, and started with new'Vigor . with our backs turned to the deprecated Zuyder Zee. It was now '3 o'clock in the morifing, nnd:iione of its had slept. Just as we 'began to try to sleep a little, my diabolic compass showed that the balloon was turning baclc again. ''.Where are you going to take ti? to ? cried out Yon to the immense mass of ' cr.n viiss which was oscillating above our heads Louis Godard again proposed to descend' ; but' we said ' No 1 forward, ' forward ' Two hours sped away without, our being able to tell where' we were. At 5 o'clock day broke, ami broad daylighteaine on with marvellous rapidity. It is true that ,vo were at a height of 980 metres; Novel writers aiid''othcrs have so much abused descriptions of sunrise on mountains aud 011 the ocean that I ' shall say little about 'this one,-. although it is not a common :t!.ing to seethe horizon on fire below the clouds. Tho 'finest Venetian paintings could alone give an idea of the luxuriant tones of tho heaven that we saw. Such 'dazzling magnificence lod me to wonder' that ' there is no revival of sun worship, since men must necessarily have some material representation of the divinity. It is true that the sun is not made in man's image 1 We 'now had beneath us an immense plain, the samo pro bably that wo had passed 'over in the night. There is nothing more pleasant at first sight, nor more monotonous in the long run. than the sort, of country . which forma at least one-third of Holland. There are miniature woods the size of bouquets, fields admirably cultivated and divided, into little patches like gardens, rivers with ex-, traordinafy windings, microscopic ? roads, coquettish-looking villages, So white and 'so clean tliati thiuk the Dutch housewives must scour the veryroots Si their houses 'every morning. In the miuSt of every village there is a' jewel of a church with a shining steeple. While ridin. along at a height of 700 metres we had beneath us a picture of Paul Potter's 50 leagues square All at once the tableau became animanted. The people below had perceived the balloon. We We saw oiiubby boys looking at us and blubber ing as if they were mad. Some men, more de termined than the rest fired off guns at 'tis. I saw several {mammas pointing us out to stubborn babies, with an attitude which seemed to say that our balluoirwas ?' OKI Bogy ' Old women raised their hands 'ugaiust Us, and at their signal many rati away, making the sign of the cross, rt is evident that in some of these villages we Wire taken to be the devil iu person. O11 that point it is apropos to cite a 'letter communicated to me which has been addressed totlie Cannier du Hanovre. I translate it textually-: — This morniiig, at about six o'clock, we saw pans in' over our heads at a prodigious height nil im mense roiiuiTfoetn, to which was 'suspended some thin' which looked like a square house of a red co!o° Sohio people pretend to have seen animated beings in tills strange machine, and to have beard issuing from 'it superhuman cries- What think, you, Mr. Editor? Tho whole country is in a state of alarm, and it will be long before our people recover their equanimity, 'We crossed over a lake near Yssel ; the wind then again pushed us in a new direction, nearly at right angles with that which we were taking before. -I11 less than u' quarter of an hour, the balloon got irito Westphalia, near Kenheim, then we crossed the great Hiver Ems, the towns of Rheine and Ibbenburrhen, and returned to H'unbver, a little above Osnabruch-; wo traversed without deigning to take notico of tliem a littlo chain of mountains, and by way no doubt of re laxation, after so long a journey, went all round a lake, which is called in German, Dummersee We then got into a great plain, through which runs a road. At this time the balloon became almost, motionless. The 'reason assigned for this was that thu heat of the -tun had caused the gas to expand. Louisa Godard was very uneasy about this dilation. After two or three oscilla tions our aerial courser decided upon going oil' rapidly in an eastern direction, with about two degrees variation towards the north. This course would have taken us to Hamburg, and the Baltic but we we- e all so completely abiorbed by the splendour of the tableaux before us that wo took littlo notice of the chango. Our pi pogriff passed ;over Wagenfeld-Steyefberg, where there is a river which Hows into the Weser. We camo 'Within sight of the great river, and Nein b'tirg, a considerable town 011 0110 of its banks. We saw a steamboat going down tho river, from the town ', the view here was charming. A rust ling oftlie silk of our balloon made us kdk up wards. The monster, under the influence of the sun, now very hot, was palpably swelling. As it would have been supremely ridiculous, after having made sach a first-journey, to treat the inhabitants of Neinburgh with the rpectacle of seeip« us blown Up- to say nothing of the conse quences of such a catrastrophe to our own limbs ? VVe resolved to come down. The remaining bags of ballast wore got in order, the ropes aud the anchors prepared, and Godard opened the safety-valve. Tlie monster is disgorging! ex claimed Thiriou. And the balloon did vomit forth its gas With a tremendous noise which may be compared to the snoring of some gigantic animal. While our companion made this observation we were descending at the rate of two metres to the second. 'To the ropes, to tho rope I hold on well !' cried the brothers Godard, who seemed quite in their ele ment; 'take care of the shock!' Every 0110 climbed up to the ropes which attach the car to tho circular handles underneath the balloon. Madame Nadar, whose sangfroid was truly mag nificent, graspjd two large ropes with her delicate hands. Nadar did tho like, but at tho samo time put his arms round his wife no as to protect her body. I was 011 0110 side towards tlia middlo of the sort of bundle which serves as 11 balcony. I was 011 my knees and clinging to two ropes. Muiifg'dlier, Thirioi1, and St-. Felix were nom ine. The balloon dtsceuded so rapidly that it give us tho vertigo. Tlib -iii-, V,'hich''we had left so* culm above, became a Violent \vitUl' as :W0 nearftd the earth. ' We are-goiu'g to throw down tho anchors,' suid Godard, ' hold tight.' Ah ! the carpstruck - tire eu'rth v.-lth 'tremendous vio lence. -I oi'liiiot'iuiajiine lio'W 'it Hyas that my. irnis were iiot'brokicll. ? 'After the first terrible diock the balloon went up nguiu, but the safety valve was opened ; it again fell, and we suffered 1 second sliocki if not more violent at least more painful to than the first. Up wo went again ; tho bullcon dragged 'its anohors. Several times we thought We should be thrown out ' The anchors are broken 1' exclaimed Godard. The balloon boat the ground with its head lite a kite when it falls down. It was horrible. On wo went towards Nienburg at the rate of ten leagues an hour. Three large trees wero cut through by tho cur as Clean its if by a' -woodman's lnitcliet. Ono small anchor' Still Remained to us. Wo threw.it dowt, 'and it -carried away the roof of a house. If tho balloon had dragged us through the town we -should inevitably have bcon cut to pieces. 'But, fortuidtely, it rose a little, and then bumped against, the ground again with as much violence -.'.3 before. Every ono of these shocks wrenched otlr limbs ; to'iiomplete our mis fortunes the rope of the safety-valve got loose from 'is, and the safety-valve shutting up we lost al! hope of the balloon emptying itself. It 'went on by bounds of 25, 30, und -10 metres from the earth and continued to fall upon liia head. Everything that stood in the 'way of the car was dashed to pieces. Every minute brought a new danger, and what a danger ! Now we are terri fied to think of it ; but I declare upon my honor that not 0110 ot us entertained a thought of sav ing hi3 own life at the expense of theconiuntnity. Severol times some one of us might liuve jumped out, but 'then ihe balloon, being lightened ol a considerable weight, would have ascended to the great peril of the others. Madame Nadar was sup ported by her husband, and I can affirm that our greatest moral suffering was to uee her frail form so terribly knocked about ; and yet this poor woman never uttered a cry. During these ter rible moments, when all our bones were orackingi she looked at her husband so calmly and sweotly that we wculd all willingly have been crushed to save her.'' Tiie Great Eastern a IIaun'tkd Ship. — In course of a paper read by Captain James Paton, 011 Wednesday, relative to the repairs of the Great Eastern, he stated than an impression got abroad that the ship was hiuintedi'tlie alleged ghost being that of an mifortunate rivetter, who was heard plying his avocation' in one of the wells or compartments. Captain Paton stited that be fore the vessel left this country he believed that one of tho men employed in lier construction was missing. The muii 'Was a riveiter ; he was missed from 'the ship and never came for his wages, the supposition being that he had been , rivitted up' in some part of the vessel. So firmly impressed were some of the men wfth this idea that they left tho 'sh:p in 'consequence. They affirmed that they had heard their departed friend busily engaged rivetting in the middle of the night. Their stoiy was believed by many persons1 in New York, aiid on one occasion while the ship was under ret air a diver signalled to be drawn up. He appeared pale with fright, and declared the ghost of the rivetter was busy iu the bottom part of the ship ; iu fact that ho be gun rivetting immediately over liis head. Such was the consternation amongst the divers that they called in the aid of one of the spirit mo diums, who are somewhat numerous in tLe city of New York. The medium came on board the vessel, and after and examination declared that the missing man was there 'both- in body and spirit.' Fortunately he (Captain Paton) by pure accident was enabled to dispel the illusion. Being in a boat near the bows of the ship, he discovered that a swivel connected with ihe moorings 'worked to and fro, the moving causiag a cliink or vibra tion which at times, more especially at night, was heard 'throughout the vessel. 'It was this sound which had conjured up, in connection with the supposed fate of the unfortiinute rivetter, the phantom who39 mysterious doings sproad such consternation oil board the Big ship. TKii'GitEYs. — A ludicrous Court calamity in creased the troubles of the Queen, and with them her unv,illingues3 to declare war against the Queen ef Scots. The three daughters of the Duke of Suffolk had been placed one after tho other in tho line of succession by Henry VIII. Lady Jane was dead, Lady Catherine was dying from the effects of her long and cruel 'imprison ment ; tlie third, Lady Mary, had remained at the Court, and ono evening in August, when the Scotch plot wa9 thickening, got herself married in the palace itself, ' by an old fat priest in a short gown,' to Thomas Kejs, the sergeant porter. Lady Mary was the smallest woman in the Court. Keys was the largest man, and that seemed to liaVe been the chief bipd of connection between them. The lady Was perhaps anxious for a husband and knew that Elizabeth would keep her single 't'll she died. Discovery followed before worse had happened than the ceremony. The burley sergeant, porter was sent to the Fleet to grow thin 011 discipline and low diet ; the Lady Mary went iu'to private confineMient : and both were only too eagar to release each other, and escape from punishment. The bishops Were 'seit to work by the Council to undo the knot, and fouhd it 110 easy matter. Elizabeth lial a fresh excuso for her detestation of the greys, and a fresh topic on which to descant in illustration of tlie iniquities of matrimony. — history of England — 'from the Fall of Wolsey to the Death of Eliza beth. A Singular Case. — Sir Charles Bell, in his treatise on the hand says : — A noble youth of the family of Montgomery, from a fall and con sequent abcess on the side of the chest, had the interior marvellously exposed j so that after his cure, on his return from his travels, the heart and lungs were visible, and could bo handled : which when it was communicated to Charles the First, he expressed a desire that Harvey should be permitted to see the youth, and examine his heart. ' When,' says Harvey ' I had paid my respects to this yoitng nobleman, and convcyed to him the Kings request, he made no concealment but exposed tho leftside of his breast, when I saw a cavity into which I could introduce my fingers andthumb astonished with the novelty again and again I explored the wound, and first marvelling at tho extraordinary nature of the; cure, I set about the examination of tho heart. Taking it iu 0110 hand, and placing the finger of -j the other on the pulse of the wrist, I satisfied j myself that it was indeed the heart which I , grasped. I then brought hi'm to the king that he might behold and touch so extraordinary a thing, and that he might perceive, as I did, that unless when he touched the outer skin, or when ho saw our fingers in the cavity, this young 1 nobleman knew not that wo touched his heart.'* Too Horrible !— The o'tlior day, a gentleman j without assigning any reason for this act of self martyrdom, entered a cutler's shop, and put his bands upon two sharp carving- knives, upon which ho had previously fixed his eyes!!! — London Punch, Life's Hai'I'IER-: Picitioi). — Kingsley gives his evidence 011 this disputed point. IIo thus declares: — 'There is mi pleasure that I have experienced liko a child's midsummer holiday — tho time I mean, when two or three of us use.;l to j'go away up the brook, and tilkeour dinners with ? us, and cmno home at night, tired, dirty, happy, ;' Scratched beyond recognition, With a great nose gay,' three little trout, und oils shoe, the oil ei hitVing been used for a boat, till it. had gone with lill hands out of s -urnling. 1-Iuw poor our Darby days, our Greenwich diuueis, our evening parties where there are plenty of nice girls, after that ! Depend upon it, a man never experiences such pleasures or grief after fourteen as ho does before, unless, in some cases, in his first love making, when tho sensation is mw to him.' German Vkrbositv. — A contemporary, in reviewing a recent work of a German writer, has the following amusing remarks 011 tho pecu liarities oT the German language and literature : — ' Wo often have to express our admiration of what is German. We take this occasion to say a word upon the great German fault — excess. No' -nation in' the 'world 'coiitsriic so 'many adepts in the art of carrying the thing too fur. Their very language is an instance. A friend of outs maintains that it has seven deadly sins, as follow: — 1. Too many volumes in tho language. 2\. Too many sentences in a volume. 3. Too many words in a sentence. 4. Too many syllables in a word. 5. Too ninny letters '?!! a sj liable. 6 Too many strokes in a letter. 7. Too much black in a stroke.' Foreign and Cor,o.\iM, Jottings. — The last idea of Puris is a plan in alto-relievo of Europe, not in miips or models, but actually raised out of the grOtind. A garden is to be set aside for the modeller, who, taking Mont Blank 15 feet high as his point de depart, is to raise in just propor tion around it the rest of tho mountains of Europe, pour the seas into their proper places, and intersect tl.e whole with roads, canals, rail ways, and telegraps. A steum engine is to act tho part of moon, anl regulate the tides. It will be a geographical garden, where ' he who runs may read,'1 when it is accomplished. — -The En gineer. Taui.k Cape. — Small Pox. — Ti e public will bo glad to learn this virulent disease bus not male its appearance at Table Cape as was rumored a few days ago. Dr. Miller returned from his official visit to that district on Friday night, and reports meeting with four children belonging to cue family, having the chicken pox, already convalescent ; b'Ut none with small-pox. It was this case that gave rise to the mischievous report in circulation, which we are enabled to contradict. Yankee Judicial Fi:n.— The late Judge Peters has left behind him a host of well- remem- bered pu -.3, some few worth relating. When 011 the'-'D'strict Court Bench, he observed to Judge Washington that one of the witnesses had a vegetable head How so ? was the enquiry, lie has carruttg hair, reddish cheeks, 2 turn-up nose, and a sage look During one of the publi j days connected with Layfette's reception, the Judge was riding iu an open carriage with the General, who regretted that he 'should be exposed to the annoyance arisi'g from clouds of flying dust. I am used to it, said Peters ; I am a judge, and l a -e had dust th. own in ray ey- s b; the liwyers for many yi ars. — American Judges. Oil Remedy for Fi.ies.- The New Haven Courier says: — 'The annoyauco of these summer pests to auimils can bo greatly miti gated by the use of a mixture of one-third kero sene oil and t.vvo-ihifils ltU'd oil, applied to the legs of horses, oxen or cows, with a feather or brush; or what is better, but more objectionable to the applier, with the hand, rubbing it well in. A farmer in the neighborhood used it last year 011 his oxen, having it applied twice a day on their going out to worn — morning u»u nuuu. His cattle gained in flesh during fly time. I have used it on horses and two cows. Its benefit is immediately observable. A horse uneaSy, fretting, and stamping becomes at once quiet, after the application. Those who sympathise witlrihe iKble animals in the constant teasing endured bythemfrom these pests, will. be glad to use any harmless remedy, which will spare inces ?sant work, when not called to labotir in harness. Horses will keep 011 a less supply of food, for the repose thus obtained.' Journalism under Difficulties. — The I'nvcrcargill Times of the 8th January says : — ' Journalism uuder difficulties' has frequently been made the subject of a paragraph. We are convinced that journalism is always conducted under difficulties, but ours is an aggravated case. We have a well-patronised bowling saloon nn one side of the oii'.ce, the noise froiu which causes chronic headache j on the other side there is a heroseno store, ' large quantities always on hand and the trade supplied ou liberal terms,' so that we are continually in fear of being physically blown up ; and at the present time a demoniacal Scotohuiau has taken up a position close to the front door, and is treating us to some of 'the plaintive melodies of his native laud, performed 011 that most excruciating instrument— the bag pipes. Nor iB that all— the devil is at our elbow, waiting for copy. Are we not martyrs?' The Causes of Earthquakes —To our minds tho inferences to be drawn are That every earthquake is not absolutely the same in its developments. 2. That an earthquake is invariably the result of an equalization of foree from some central portion of the earth, where such force has accumulated to the surrounding parts. 3. That the force maiy in some cases tako the form of electricity, and that the shock felt may be, in truth, a subterranean electrical storm causing no necessary disruption of tho earth's surface, but iustautaneous and widely-radiated shock or vibration. That the force may be developed in the form of head a's well as electri city, giving rise, in the oentral point, to vocanic ?explosion, and disruption of tho earth with vibration cominunicatcd to surrounding districts. 5. That earthquakes, whicli^ are duo to accumulation of heat, from suppression, may occur without any special antecedent atmospheric phenomena. 6. That earthquakes duo to olec tricaT-discharge may, as Dr. Stulcely explained, be preceded by special atmospheric variations, indicating disturbance between the electrical forces of the earth aud of the watery vapour above ; and may end in it discharge Trom the earth, upon its coming in contact with clouds negatively electrical, followed by tho vibration iustantaneusly felt through a large tract of the earth's surface, but not of necessity^ producing either breakage, volcano, or geyser. Tho recent earthquake was probably of this last-named cha sacter. — Social Science Review, A Girl Running Away to a BJiAcic fellow. — A singular instunco of the perversity of female taste, or the levelling influence of love, is recorded in tho letter of o'Or Strathalbyn ^ cot respondent. South Australia can now furnish a parallel to ' The Earl of Cassillis' lady,' in the | case of a scrvant'girl running away with a black' fellow. A barrister opened the Case for his client thus ? » Tickell, my client, your honor' Tickle him yourself!' said the opposition, ' his honor has nothing to do with it.' The client's flame was Tickelh Tho oddest compact I have hoard of for many a day is that of twelve resolute barristors, who have vowed to wear their beards without reference to the opinions of judges or the pre dilections of attorneys. — Illustrated Times . 